SUNRISE;* 1 . BY. WILLIAM BLACK, AoTnonov 'Madoap Vioikt,' 'APuwcess of ? Thuih.' ' TuiiEB Featubrs,' &o;,, &o.; » . CjUPTBJlLV. — CONOIMTDXAITOHI?. Tlio Secretary Granaglia, the business of tho Council .. bolng ovor, carried tho news to Yon ZocBch. It was almost dark when ho mado hie way up the steep little terraces in tho garden of tho villa at Poailipo. no found tho tall General seated at tho cntranco to tho grotto-like retreat, smoking a cigar in the dusk. ' You aro lato, Granaglin,' ho naid. ? ' I hud toino difllculty in coming horo,' eaid tho litllo man with tho sallow faco and tho tired 'PnblMiwI by-Kuccial arraiijrerncHts wif)7~Fc^7a SonuHoa. i.mv anil Co. AJ1 riflhtu roeervod. eye. 'Tho police aro busy ro7^ota^~' be. Tho C'oinmcndatoro tolls mo that Zac«i r, haB Dccn stirring thorn up.' *'' 'Zaccatelli !' said Von Zoesch, witn a i;,., laugh. :? It will soon bo timo now tor ZaL, ,' to como down from his perch. Well now' ' t in the result?' . ' *'sl I Granaglia briefly recounted what had ow.uh l I tho other manifested no surprise ' 'I 'So this is tho end of tho Lind episode ' ) [ said, thoughtfully. » It is a pity that w ai, ' I man should bo thrown away. Ho has work, I well; I know of no ono who will fill lii,p|,v . I but that must bo seen to at once, Orana'!' ' I How long havo tboy given him f- ' °'a' I ' A month, your Excellency. He wishes to I back to England, to put his affairs in order, n, j has a firm nerve.' I ' He was n good-looking man when he *., I young,' said Von Zoesch, apparently to himJi \ Then he added : 'This Boratinsky, to whom til' I Zaccatelli affair has boon transferred ; wl^t ,| I you think of him? Thoro must bo no Ininglin- I Granaglin. What do you think of him ? i» i,»!' I he trusted*' ?' 'Your Excelloncy, if I wore to give yon If,, own impression, I Bhould say not in the lcs-| Ho accepts this sorvico— why? Becauso licij othcrwiso lost for certain; and hero is a clian-i It is perhaps bettor than nothing. But he d^ not go forward with any conviction of duly what is he thinking but of his chanco of mnnir.j away ?' '* ' And perhaps running away beforehand, (cr example ?' 'Oh no, your Excellency; at least, tliatbi been provided for. Caprone and the broth;nf Caprono will wait upon him until tlio tiling ;, ovor ; aud what is more, ho will receive a liir,t that these two humblo attendants of hie j](1 keeping an eye on him.' . ' Caprono daro not go to Rome?' ' no is ready to go anywhere. They mijlil;.! well try to lay hands on a ghost.' Von Zoosch rose, and strotchcl his Imgo Itmt, and yawned. 'So this is the end of the episode Lind,' h eaid, idly. ' It is a pity. But if a man iJjjs a risky game, and loses, ho must pay. lVtan tho warning will bo wholesome, Granaglia. Our friends must understand that our laws arc nc! laid down for nothing ; and that wo arc r^t afraid to punish offenders even if tlic-fc U among ourselves. I suppose thero is nolliir.g further to bo dono to-night '!' ' I would ask your Excellency to remain Lets for a littlc'time yet,' said tho Secretary. 'Are they coming so near? Wo. must pt Calabrcsta to procure somoof them a dozmtr. two on board tho schooner. However ? ' Hesat down again, and lit another cigiir. ' Wo must pay Calabrcssa a compliment, Granaglia ; it was well dono ; very clever ; it!m all turned out jast as ho imagined ; it is not tio first time he has dono us good norvico, with sll his volubility. Oh yes ; tho rascal knows ivl«a to hold his tongue. At this moment, for example, he refuses to open his lips. ' ' Pardon, your Excellency ; but I ?Io not understand you.' Tho Clencral laughed a little, and continued talking — it was ono way of passing the time. ' It is a good joko enough. Tlio wily o'i Calabrcnsa saw protty clearly what tho deuirica cf the Council would bo ; and so ho comes toito and entreats mo to bo tlio bearer of tho iioseIo Madurno Lind and her daughter. Oh yes; it ii good news, this dclivcr.mco of tho Englishman; Madame Lind is an old friend of mino ; slic.vi her daughter will bo grateful. But you pcraitt, Granaglia, that what tlio cunning old ilogva detormincd to avoid was tho reporting to MwlaM Lind that her husband bad been senicnwl That was no part of tho original prograinmt. And now Calabrcssa holds his mouth shut ;h keeps out of tho way ; it is loft for me to goaad inform tho mother and daughter.' His voico bocamo moro sorious. ' Tho devil tako it, it is no pleasant tack at all. Ono is novcrsuro how tho brain of a ivomin will work : you start tho engine; but it msy j plimgo back tho wrong way, and strike yo* Calabrcssa is afraid. Tho fox is biding in uoico hole until it is all over.' ''Cannot I bo of sorvico, your Exccllcncj'i', the Secretary said. ',No,,no ; but I thank yon, friend Granagli*.1 It is n delicate matter ; it must bo approachfrl with circumspection ; and I, as an old acquaint ance of Madamo Lind, 'ought not to shirk Ibi duty.' '? Apparently, it was not Calabrcssa only *ty had some dread of tho difficulties of ncwa-bciicr. 'It is impossiblo for your Excellency to tP near tho hotel, at present,' said the Bccrolaty, promptly. But his chief rofused to accept this offcrc-I means of escape. ' That is truo ; but it is not a difficulty. To« night, friend Qranaglia, you will send a mcs-ijO to tho hotel, bidding them bo at the Villa Odclscalchi to- morrow morning at clovon ; yo* understand V ' Certainly, your Excelloncy.' ' Then I will meet thorn ; and tako the rii*. Everything must bo settled off at onco ; we haia wasted too much timo over this affair, Granns'*1 , When docs tho Genoa Council mcot?' ' On tho seventh.' t . ' To-morrow you must issuo tho summonsed Como, Granaglia, lot us bo stirring ; it is coWt W-bero does Brother Convonfjs sleop to-niglit?' 'Onboard tho schooner, your Excollcnej'.' ' I also. To-morrow, at clovon, you will hen* Portioi; to-night you will send. tho messago' tho two ladies at tho hotel ; and also, if -«» can, find out whoro thai roguo Calabresea a hiding.' That was tho last of their talking. T»eM was somo locking up insido ; thon they passt* dowsi through tho dark garden, and out intotto road. Tbcro vfas no ono visible. They wal»W on in silenco. T .^ Punctually at eleven tho next morning, Natw' and hor inotl|er appoarod at tho iron gates ™ »' Villa Odolscalchi). and rang tho bell. J» porter appoarod, admitted them, and then turn' to tho great whito staircaso, which QtaW' wan at that moinonbseon to bo descending. '.Will tho ladies havo tho goodness to iw into Iho gardon ?' eaid tbo Socrotary, mtb £'-' courtesy. 'General von 15oc8ch will bo with them directly.' ' . He accompanied tliom as far as the top of tli'o torraco . nml then bowod, ami withdrew. If Natalie Lind was agitated now, it was not. with fear. Tlioro was a fresh animation of color in her cheek ; her oye3 wore brilliant and excited ; she spoke in low, eager whispers. 'Oh, I knew what ho is coming to tell us, mother— you need not bo afraid— I hIiiiII tee it, in his fnco before ho conies ncnv— I think I shall bo ablo to hear it in the sound of his step*, Havo courage, mother: why do you -tremble to? Honiembor what Oulahrcssa. said. They arc to powerful ; they can do everything ; anil you aud the General von Zoesch old , friends too. Look at this, mother : do you see what I havo trougbtwithme?' She opened hor purse— her fingers were ccr tjinly a little nervous— and showed her mothor a tyMcd-up telegraph- form. , ' ? . i'J.'nm goiirg.tb telegraph to him, mothor'; snroly it jb frbui mo he should hear the news first?. Anil then ho might come here, mother, to goliiti with us/ you will rest a few days after so rou«Vaiwie,ty.' ' ' ? ', .?.,:? -.-, .': ? : 1' I hope, my darling, it will all turn out well,' taiil the' mother,, turning quickly as she heard footsteps'. :.-.;? .The next second You Zoesch appeared: ;' his face red with embarrassment ,' but still Natalio with her first swift glance saw that his eyes wore Fmilingand friendly, and her heart leapt up with a bound. 'My dear young lady,' said he, taking her liand, 'forgive mo for.mnkingBUch a poremptory iippointmont ? ' ' liut you bring good news,' she, said breath lessly. ' Oh, sir, I can see that you have sue coaled — yes, yes — tho danger is removed — you liave saved him — — ' ' Jtfy. dear. young. lady,' said ho, smiling, but still greatly embarrassed, ' it is my good fortune to. bo- ablo to congratulate you. Ah, I thought that would bring somo brightness to your eyes— — ' ' ? .; ? Sho raised his hand, and kissed it twice passionately. , ' Mother,' sho said, in a. wild, joyful way, 'will you not thank him for mo?- I do not kiiowwlial I am saying— and then ? ' Tho General had turned to , her mother. Natalia quickly took out tho telegraph-form, unfolded it, knelt down and put it 4n the garden (?(jat, and with trembling lingcra wroto ' her inc£sa£O. ' You are saved, Come to us at once; ray mother; and I wait hero .for you'T-tliat was tlio anbsUineo of it. -T-licn she rose; and fora cceond or two stood irresolute, silent, and shame, faced. Happily no one had noticed her. ? These two had gone forward ; and -Kuril talking tn gpthcr ilia low voice.-. Sho did not join.-thom ; slio could not have spoken then,, her Heart. was throbbing so violently with its newly found joy. ''Stefan,' said the mother, and there was a pjcasaut light in her sad eyes too, ' I shall never forget the gratitude wo owe you. I have nothing (?tea to regard' now. but my child's happiness. Ynuhavb saved her lifo to her.' ' Yea, ye?,' ho said, in stammering haste, ' I am glad tho child is happy. . It would ho a pity, fit hci- time of lifeV.an.d ,eiipl). .y.bCiiitif ii!,' brave yoiuig lady— rjea, it would bo li pity, it suojwojo . to suffer — I am very glad. But tlioro is another n'ulc io tho question, Natalie. It rofera to- you. lhavo not such good news for you— that is, it depends on how you tako it— but it is not good news — i' ''ill (roitblo you — only, it was in evitable ? .' '.What do you mean?' she said, calmly. ? ' Your husband ? ' he said, regarding her somewhat anxiously, ? I'.YciT' 'Sh^.^said, without betraying any cmoti6*n:- ~' Jo-u^, ' ; - ...... ' Well, you unde^jjlilidj we had;n.Ot thepqwor .V'- Vise yonr English friend unlcsH thero lmd ken ii^H~taSI wS'K-i-iniiis being apppiiitou/ Thero wftg;~Mor-rtlia'n--lbat, ': was vory nearly u repetition of the old story. Yourlnisbarid yaa; again implicated.' ' ' ' ? Bho merely looked at. him, waiting for him to continue. ? . ? 'And tho Council,' ho said, m,ore embarrassed ?' than cyciy 'had to ivy blip ,foi; his complicity'. lib via tried— and— condemned.' '. ,'?:-. ' To what .?' shp said, quite calmly.', ''?''?' ' ' ' You must' know, Natalie. He loses ' his life.;1'. ? ?? - '????' ': ? , '., : ?;' . She tmncd very pale. ;''?'.'-? . '.-'? 'It was not bo before ? ' sho managed to say, though hor breath cimo and wont quickly. ' ' 'It wag. But then ho was pardoned. ' This timo thcro is no hope.' Sho tjfood silent for a sooond or tiro ; then she 'aid, rogarding him with a sad look— 'You think nio heartless, Stefan.' You think I ought, to be overwhelmed with grief. But — tut I httvo been kopt from my child for Bcvcn tanycars. I havo lived with tho threat of the bctraya) of ray 'father hanging over me. Tho affection of a ', wifo ^cannot onduro everything! Still, I om— sorry ? ' ' Her ci'os wore cost down ; and thoy slowly filled with teara. .Von Zoesch breathed more frocly. Ho was eagerly explaining to her how this result had booomo inevitable ; how ho him EClf had had no participation in it ; and so forth— when Natalie Lind stepped quickly up fa thbm, looking from- tho one to tho other. Sho saw something was wrong. . 'Mother, what is it?' shesaid, invagilo fear. Sho turned to Von Zoesch; ' ''Oh,' sir, if thoro is something you havo not told, mo— if there is liouble-^why was it not to mo that you upoko;' Slio.took liold of her mother's hand. ' Mother, what is it?' ' My dear young lady,' said Yon Zoesch,' inter posing, 'you know that lifo is made up of botli bitter and swcot— — ' , r ' ' ' ? ; 'I wibIi toiknow, signoro/' sho said,- proudly '.Atlmtit is you havo told my mother. If there is trouble, it is for her danghtov to nhnro.it' '.Well, then, dear young lady, I will toll you,'1 liOEaij; 'though it willgriovo you also; I must explain to you; Yon cannot' supposo that' tho ?'ippyinmvs-ldolivorod to you- wa/rtho- result of tho will of any ono man, or number of men. No. It was the result i,f tho application nE law and jnstice. Your— sweetheart, shall . I. will liiru ?— 'na entrusted with a gmvo duty, which 'would laual vrolxilily have tost liiiu tiis lifo. - Jn the ordinary way, no 0110 could havo' released him. from it, howevor much certain' friends' of yours hero might havo been interested in you,- anil grieved to sooiyon unhappy. Bntthere was tliis-' possibility— it was even a probability— that he liad been nolectcd for this service unfairly. Then, ' no doubt; if that conki bo proved, ho ongbt-to be released;'. ? .... ..... ? 'Yes— yes,' uho said, impatiently.. ?-;' ?? -? 'That was proved. Unfortunatolyj I have to. toll you that among those convicted of this con- ! fipiracy was your father. Well, the laws o£ our association aro strict — they aro ovon terrible whoro a dolinriucut is in a position of high re-' sponsibility. My dear young lady;. I'must-tell you the truth; your father has been adjudged guilty— and— and the punishment is— death.'.: ' She uttered a quick, short cry of -alarm '; and' turned, witli frightened oyes, to her inolhor. ? ' ' Jtothcr, is it kruo ?— is it true 1' The mothor did not answor ; she had clasped her trembling hands. Then tho girl- turned ; there was a proud passion in hor voico. ?'; ; 'Oh, sir, what tiirer is there amongst you that is so athirst for blood ! You savO ono man'tj lifo — after intercession and prayer, you Bavo ? one man's life, only to seize qn that of another. ' And it is to mo, it is to me, his daughter, that yoji come— with congratulations I I am only a child ; lam to be pleased ; you speak of a sweetheart';' but you do not tell me that you aro about to murder my father ! You givo mo my lover , in exchange you take my father's lifo : is thcro a woman in nil tho world so despicable as to accept her happiness at such a cost '!' Involuntarily sho crushed up tho telegram nbo held in her hand, and throw it away from her. ? 'It is not I, at all events,' sho exclaimed. 'Oh, signoro, you should not havo mocked mo with your congratulations. That .is not tho hap piness you should offer to a daughter. But you havo not killed him yet; there is timo ; let things ho as they were— that is what my sweet heart, as you'cail him, will say ; ho-and I aro n-jt afraid to suffer. Surely rathor that than ho should marry a girl to heartless and. cowardly as to purchase her happiness at tho cost of her father's lifo !' . . .'Jfy dear young lady,' ho said, with n great pity and concern in his face, ' I can assure you what you think of is impossible. What is dono cannot be undone.' . . ? - Her proud indignation now gavo way to terror. .! 'Ob no, siguore, you cannot mean that !. I cannot' believe it. .You havo saved, ono man— oh, signnro, for the lovo of Heaven, this other also! .Have pity! How can I live, if I know that I have killed my father !' . -He took both her hands in his, and strovo to .soothe down- her wild terror and dismay. Ho 1 declared to her sho had nothing to do with it ; no mote .than himself ; that hor father had been tried by his colleagues 3 that, if ho bad not been,' a' fearful act of treachery would have .been- com-- mittci|. Sho listened, or appeared to listen ; but her lips were pale ; her eyc3 had .1 stmnge look in them ; she was breathless. ? ? ' Calabressa said they wero all-powerful,' sho interrupted suddenly. 'But tbey arc allpower ful to slay only. . Oh no, I -cannot. believe it ! I willgo to them j.it.caniiot.bo too into ; I will say (to them that I.would rather- have died than bavo japnoaledtotlicm^if Iliad known that this was to I bo tho terrible, result. And Oahibressa— why did bo not warn me? Or is ho ono of tho blood-, thirsty ones also — one of tho tigers that crouch in the dark? Oh, signoro, -if they aro. all- powerful, thoy are all-powerful to pardon — may I. not go to themselves ? ?' 'It would bo useless, ray dear signorina,'said Yon Zocscb, with deep compassion in his voico. 'I am sorry to grieve you ; but justice has been done, and tho decision is past recall. And do not blama poor old Calabressa ? ' At this moment tho boll of tho ontcr gate rang, echoing through the empty house, and ho started soniowhat. ,, ? ? ^'..Come,_diUd,'8»idlier mother... 'Wo havo taken up too mucli'oi jOTriimo, Bfafsnrr-X.wJElr ?tUsrgJmd been no-drawback to your good nows..'7? ' At~tuo- prcsont momont;'vhe eaid,: glancing somewhat anxiously' towards.'Wip . building, ,':I iiannot ask you to stay, Natalie. ,'Bui^on soin'o othor occasion)' and as soon as you ploaso; I will givo you any information you may wish. . Ho-' member, you have go'dd friends here.' .'. ' ' ' ... ' '. ,' Natalie sufrered'iiersclf to bo : led away^ . ' S1(O Bccmcil too horror- stricken to lie ablo to speak. Von Zoesch accompanied them only to thoterracb ; and thoro bado them good-bye.- -Granaglia w.-ta waiting to show thorn to. tho gate.' A fow mo ments afterwards they wcro in their carriage,' returning to Naples, ? :? . : . They sat silent for somo time; tbe mothor re garding her daughter unxiously. - ... ' Natalushka, what are you thinking' of ?' j Tlio girl started : her eyes were fillcfl' with n haunting foar, as if she had just seen somo tcr riblo thing. And yet sno spoke slowly; 'anil sadly, and wistfully: ?? . .-.-.? '?; .- ' I was thinking, mother, that perhaps ^it -was not so hard to be condemned -to die; for.itlen thoro would como an end to one's suffering, And I was wondering whetbor there had beon many women in the world who? had- to accuse themselves of taking a part in bringing about thoir own father's death. Ob; I hope! not— I hope not I' . . ??..'?' ? A second afterwards sho added, -with more than tho bitterness of tears in her troinbling Toico, '.'And— and I was thinking of General Von Zocscu'b congratulations, mother.' Crur-TEn IjVI.— A Coumibsios'. ; . Lord Evelyn obeyod his friond'a summons in considcrablo anxioty, if not oven alarm ; for ho mado no doubt that it had somo connection with that mysterious undertaking towhicU Brand was . pledged. ' But whcu'ho reached Iiislc-strebt, and was shown into tho larger room, ho very Gcrioua business soomed going forward. Two or tlirco of tho boat known to him among ? lira English mom bors of tho society woro present, grouped ronnd a certain. M.T.j who, -with Xwinkliilg eyes but othcrwifio gravo faco, was describing tho make shifts of somo provincial manager or other who could not pay hi 3 company Vhoir weekly sahiry. To tho further surpriso of thoilow-^jomcr, also, Mr.-liind w.ib absent ;' bis chair ytnn occupied by Oalhornb.Klwards. ?'? ; '.'.?.!'. : Ho was auked to go into an inner room ; ' and there ho found Brand, looking much more liko himself than ho ha-.l done for Bomo timo ?'back. : : 'It is awfully kind of you, TCvelyn, to flotnc at once. I hoard you bad returned to itown yes terday. Well, what of the old people down in ?Wiltshire I' ? ' ? ' IJord Evelyn was finite thrown off liis guard by this frank cheerfulness. Ho forgot tho un easy forebodings with which ho had left bis house. ' Oh, capital old people !' he said, piiUing \- li'is hat and umbrella on tho table. 'Excel- lent. But you see, Brand, it becomes a serious question i£ I havo to bury mysolf in tho coun try, and drink port-wine after dinner, and listen to full-blown, full-fed glorious old Tories, every 'timo a sister of mine gets engaged to be married. And now that Rosalys has ' begun it, they'll all take to it ; one after the othpr, liko sheep jump-! ing a ditch.' ' They say Milbanke is a vory nice young fel low,' said Brand. ' Petted, a little. But then, an only son, 'and, heaps of money ; pbrhnps it's natural. I 'know bo is n ghastly hypocrite,' added Lord Evelyn, who seemed to havo soino liltlo grudgq dgainst hia. brother-in-law ill prospoct. 'It was too bad of him to go egging on those old megathcria to talk politics, until they woro red in tho face, denouncing Preo Trade, and abusing the Ballot, and foretelling the ruin of tho fanner as soon as tho Education Act began to work. Then he pretended to bo on their side ? ' ' What did you do V' ' I sat quiet. I was afraid T mighi bo eaten. I relapsed into contemplation ; and began to coin poso a volnmo on ? Tory Types : Somo Survivals in' English Politics. For iho Information of Town Readers.'' : ' Well, now you have done your duty, and ce mented tho alliance between tlio two families — by drinking port-wine, I suppose— what ilo you say to a little pleasure-trip ?' ' Oh, is that all ?' ho said, looking up qnickly. 'Is that what your note meant V' ? ' The fact is, Eyolyn,' ho said, with a triflo of embarrassment,' ' Natalio and her mother aro. in Naples— and I don't know precisely in what circumstances. I am a littlo anxious about them — I should liko to know more of their surround ings— why, for ono' thing, I don't know inlic thor they havo any money even, I would go over mysolf, Evelyn ; but Iho truth is, I cannot — not vory well. At least, I ought not to go ; and I thought, if yon had time— being an old friend of Natalie's — you would liko to sec that uho was all right ? ' ' Where is Lind ?' said Lord Evelyn, sud denly. ' Lind is in Italy also,' eaid Brand, c.va eivclj'. ' ? ; ? . ''Not with them?' ' . ' ' ' Oh, no.' : ' . . ' .. There was rather an awkward silence. ' At length Brand said — ' Something vory scrions ling happened, Eve lyn ; and tho quostion is whotlior, in the interests of tho Society, it should not bo kept a eccrct, i£ it is possible.' ';I-«lo not wiah to know nny secret,' Jlord Evelyn, caid, simply. ' I 'am williug -tVtfgo over to Naples at once, if I can bo of nuy service. ' ? ' It is vory kind of you ; I thought you would say as much,' Brand said— still hesi tating. ' But then I doubt whether yon could be of much service unless you under stood tho wholo situation of affairs. At pre sent only two over bore know what has occurred — Edwards and myself. . . . Yes ; I think you must know also. Head this letter ; it oamo only last night.' Ho unlocked a drawer ; took out a loiter, aud gavo it to Lord Evelyn, who read it slowly. When ho had finished, he pat it on the table, without a word. ' You understand '(' Brand said, calmly. 'Tbat-nicans that Lind is to bo punished with death,' for' trcacliery^^jjpn't think about- mo ; I'vehnd a narrow escape ;' 6ut~ I hayo escaped— thanks to Natalie's courflgo and .deoision.*.' What I am. coricerpe^ abont.i».tl(i; nffect that.sucb a. disclosure mifiht-bnie on tho Jortuw&jil; tho Society. Would it nof provoke, a, widosprea'ii feeling of distrust? Wouldn't thcro always Ijq a, snspicion-^ — ?' ? ? ?; ' But you yourself, Brand !' Evelyn exctS'&i;^a, in amazoment. 'Why, you— I thought ^ou would have boen th« first to resign— after miolian escape ? ' 'I havo fought all through' that, Evtlyn,'? ho eaid, absently. 'Itwaemy first impulse— I confcsB it. Tho thought of boing associated; with such men sickened mo 3 I despaired ; 1 wished they had never been found out ; and that I' liad been led blindly to go on to the end. Well, I got ovor the fit— with a struggle. It was not reason able, after all. Kuroly ono's belief in tfio future of tbe Society ought to be all tho firmer - that tbeso black sheep have been thrust out ? ? As for . myoetf, at all events, I ought to havo more hope, not less. I novor did trust Lind, as you know ; I bolieved in his work,' in tho usefulness of- it, unA the prospect's of its success ; but I novorwaa ; at caso in his'presonco ; I was glad to got away to my own work in the nortli. And nowj'-with the way clcaror, why should ono think of giving ? up 1 To tell tho truth, Evelyn, I wonld-give any thing to bo in America, at tho -present -moment, ?. if only Natalie and her mother wero in Bafoty. Tbero is a cbancb for us there bigger than any thing Lind ever dreamed about. You- know- tlio Grangos^-tho associations of 'tho 'Patrons- of Husbandry' that wcro founded by tho Scotchman founders ? It is an imraenso social organisation; tho success of it bos been quito unprecedented ; they havo an immonso power in their bands.) And it isn't only agriculture they deal with ; thoy touch on politics hero and thoro ; they control elections ; and tho mon they cbooso aro invariably .men' of integrity. Well, now, don't you sco1 this Bplondid instrument ready mado ? From what I hoar from Philadelphia— — ' Lord Evelyn's thoughts wcro olsowhcrc than in ? 'Philadelphia. . ? ? V. 'Yon mnst toll me about yourself, Brand !'ho, exclaimed, 'Your life in no longer in danger, then V How baa it Happened ?' 'Oh,' naifl Brawl,' somewhat ciioltssly, 'T don't know all tho'particulab as yot. What I i do know is that Natalie 'and' her mother disa'p- i pcarcd fromiLomlon ; Iliad no idea whither they I had gone. Then Calabressa turned up ; and I ] heard that Natalio had appealed to the Council —fancy, she; a 'young glrl,'! had had tlio conrago 1 to go and appeal to tho Council I Then Ciila- 1 bressa suspected something— I saw by his qucs- 1 tions ; then Lind, Horatinsky and Rcitzci appear to have been summoned to Nnples. The result is i in that letter ; that is about all I know.' t 'And these others in thoro?' said Lord Evelyn, glancing to the door, ' } 'Thoy know nothing at all'. That is what I 1 am uncertain about. Whethbr to leave the dis- ' appearance of Lind nnaccountbd for— merely say- ! ing ho had Iicert summoned away by the Council ; ' or to let everybody who may hear of it under- ' stand that, powerful aa bo was, ho had to sac- ' climb tothclaws otthc Society, and accept tho penalty for hhj error. 'Ium quite uncertain ; I ' bavo no instructions.' -You might find out forme 1 in Naples, Evelyn, if you -went over thoro— you I might find out what they consider advisable.' ' ' You aro in Lind'a place then '!' ) 'Not at all,' said ho, quickly, and with a slight flush. ' Edwards and I are merely keep- 1 ing the thing going until matters are settled. Did you noticb whether Jfolyneiix was in tho next ' room whon you camo through ? 1 ' Yes ; lio'waB.' ' ' 1 ' Then excuse mo for a minute or two. I £ want to speak' to you further about Naples.' ' Brand was gono some lime ; and Lord -Evelyn ' was left to ponder ovor those strange tidings. s To him they were very joyful tidings ; for ovor ' since that communication' was made to him of the ' danger that 'threatened his friend's life, ho had ( been haunted by tbe recollection that, but for ' him, Brand would in all probability havo never - hoard of this association. It was nn infinite sense of personal reliof that ho now know this danger was 'past Already he srew himself on his ' way to Naples, tti find oiit'thb noble girl who had ' taken so bold'n step to save hor lover. Jfot yel had darkness fallen- over these two lives. ' Brand returned ; carefully shut the door after 1 him ; and seated himself qn a corner of the table. ' You soo, Evelyn,' ho said, quite in his 'old ' matter-of-fact way, ' I can't protund to have very. ] much regret over what has happened to Lind,: ' He tried to do mo an ill turn ; and ho lias got the worst of it ; that is ail.' On theothor hand, ( I bear him no mnlice ; you don't want to hurt a ! man when ho if) down ; I can guess that it isn't ' tho dcalli-pcnalty that bo is thinking of most now. ' I can oven make somo excuse for him — now that ' ;I boo the story plain. The temptation was great; 'always on the understanding that he was ag.iin.st : my marrying his daughter ; and that I had been ' ;suro of for some timo. To punish 1110 for not ' giving up iny property ; to keep Natalio to him- ' self ; and to got this difficult duty securely under taken, all' at once ; it was worth whilo trying for. '? But bis way of going about it was shabby. It ' was a mean trick. Well, there is nothing more - to be said on that point ; he has played— played 1 a foul game— and lost.' 1 He added, directly afterwards— ' So you think yon can go to Naples 5' 'Certainly,' said Evelyn, with promptness. ' You don't know how glad I am about tins, ' Brand. If you had come to grief over your ' relations with this Society, it would have boon : like a millstone hanging on my conscicnco all my life. And I shall bo delighted to go to Italy for you. I should like to soo tho look on Natalie's j face.' ] ' You will probably find her in great trouble,' 1 Brand said, gravely. 'IntroubloV' ' ' Naturally. Don't you sec, Evelyn, she j could not havo foreseen that tho result of her ap- | peal would iDvolvo the destruction of her fathor. ( It is impossiblo to believe that she could havo - foreseen that. I know her ; sho. would not havo j stirred hand or foot. And' now that this has been ] discovered'; it is not. her father's guilt sho will bo ; thinking of ? it is liis fate, brought about. indi- : rcctly by hcrnclf. You may be sure, Evelyn, Eho ' willnot bo overjoyed at the present moment. All tho moro reason why one who knows her should [ fie near her; I havo no idea whaHtort oi pooplo. j are about .. towTf-I-ahoiild^ Tie more satisfied if I ( i'iiowyou Tvcre £iore, '?' ? ' ~-~'^'T-~-I^_.--...-.:i ! J . '' I ain i:oady to go ; 1'aw ready to siart'-tiiis- r afternoon, as I say,' .Erelyii ' rei-eated ; but then. 'J he added wiliis'omb hesitation : 'But I am not ] going to play tho part of a hypo^rito, Brand; .|I j could not pretend to sympathise with her, if- that ' is tho causoof Her trouble. ' 1 should tell her it c BOrvedijer:fatbo'r;righf.' '. j 'You could not bo sq brutal if yon tried, j Evelyn,' Bran'd Baid. 'You might think so. 1 You could not tell her so. But I have no fear. - You will be discreet enough, and delicate enough, ' when you soo her.' . ' ' And what am I to say from you ?' ( 'Prommo?' hesaid. b'0h, you can s»y.I 5 thank her for having saved my life. ' That will 1 bo onough, I think. Sho will understand the I rest.' '..???. J 'I mean, what you adviso her to do? Ought j thoy to roturn to1 England ?' 1 'Ithiukso, certainly;. Most likely sho will 1 bo -waiting tlioro, trying to1 get the Council to je- ! verso tlio soutenco. Haviiig been successful in j the ono case; the poor bhild may think 'slio ought ( to succeed in the other; I fear that is'too much 1 to expect; Howovor, if she in anxious, sho may try. I should liko to know tlioro was somebody ' noar her sho could rbly on — don't you under- ] stand, Evolyn ?— to.seo that sho is situatcd'and 1 treatod as you, would Iiko'ono of your own sisters j to bo ? ' ;..???? , ? ' I sco what it ib, Brand,' Lord Evelyn said, ? laughing, 'you aro jealous of tho foreigners. ' You think they will bo using toothpicks in her ? prcsonco, arid that kind of thing ? ' 'I wish to know that sho and hor mother ' aro in a good' hotol,' said Brand, simply, ' with proper rooms, and attendance., and — and a carriage— women can't go walking through theso beastly streets of Naples. ? Tho long and tho short of it is, Evelyn,' ho added, with Eorao embar rassment, as ho took out . from his pockot book two. blank cheques, and sat down at the tablo and signed thoin, 'I want you to piny tho part of bip brother to them, don't you know ? And you will havo to exercise skill iw well us ? ??' ?»»i»ii—»»— »??« -j [orco. Don't yon soo, Calabrcssa la the best o Follows ; but ho would think nothing of tikinj them to stay in somo vile restaurant, if the pro prietor were politically inclined ? ' : ' Yes, yes ; I see : garlic ; cigarettes-' during breakfast, right opposite tho ladies ; wino-gTassei iised as finger-glasses: well you are a thorough l-'nglishman, Brand !' ? .,.,,..,.. ' I suppose when your sisters go abrovi,- you; sco that they arc directeil to a proper hotel ?'',? inid Brand somewhat angrily. . . 'Iknowth'iH,' said Evelyn, laughing, '! tha( my sistoa, and you, and Calabroasa, and inysolf, ill boiled together, wouldn't mako half aa good 1 traveller as Natalie Lind is. Don't you believe ihe has been led away into any sliunmy. place, ;or the sake of politics or anything else. I will jet she knows tlio best hotels in Naplcsna well is you do tho Waldegrave Club,' '?''''. 'At any rate, you'vo got to play Iho .Viq irother, Evelyn ; and it is my affair, of coiirsol [ will not allow you to bo out of pocket by it,1' fero are two cheques ; you can fill them in ovei bore whon you Gee how matters stand-——', al tome will cash them.' . : ? ., 'Do you mean to say I have to pay thcii lotcl-billsi' ' ?.'.'? ... '.-,' ' ' If they have plenty of money, certainly net, 3ut you must find out. You must take, the iia\\\ -y tho. horns. It is far moro likely ihnt'.Uiei lave so littlo money that they may be becom/nrf inxious. Then you must use a firm hand ~i ncan with Natalio. Her mother will acquiesce.' Itulyou can tell Natalio that if slio would buy iomethiiig— somo dress, ' or something— for tho nothor of old Cnlabrcssa, who is still living ; at' Spezia, I think— sho would mako the old chap' ;lad. And that would be a mark of my gratifcudo' ilso ; you see, I have never had even tho chanco' )f thanking him as yet.' ? ' Lord Evelyn rose. \ ' Very wellj' said ho , ' I will, send you ay report of my mission.' How am I to find, theini' . ' . ? . ? ? ,.i 'You Innst find them through Calabrcssa;'. 10 said 'for I havo not got their address. .S«' i'OU can start this evening ?'' ' ? ? .. V 'Yes, certain].' .?.'-;' :- .;' 'Then I will telegraph at once to G'ahbrcesa ;o lot them know you are coming. Mind your [ om very grateful to you, Evolyn ; th011gti.1l Vish I was going in your stead.' ' ' , ': ,c * Lord Evelyn got somo f urthor instructions fal lo- how ho was to discover Oalabrcssji'on his irrival in Naples';1 and' that evening ho began! liis journey to the south. Ho sot out,- indeed, ivith a light heart, He knew that Natalio would be glad to havo a message from England. At Genoa ho had to break tho journey for 1 day, having some commission to perform on behalf of tho Society ; this was a parting bequest' Tom Gathorno Edwards. Then on again ; an J !n duo time ho entered Naples. ?' He scarcely noticed as ho ontered tlio vehicle ind drovo away to his hotol what bare-footed ads outside tho station woro bawling, as thoy' )flercd the afternoon papers to tho newly ai-rivcl nasscngcrs. What interest had ho in Zacca. telli? But what tho news-vendors were calling aloni was this : ..'?.' 'The death of tho Cardinal. ' Ziwcntclii— ileath of Zaccatolli— tho dcith of the Cnrdinal Zaccatclli.' 