ODDS AND ENDS, A Cooara exchange is responsible for the following :-It appears that for the past fort night a selector named Charles Robinson, residing at Hugundra, has been disturbed at night by unearthly noises, and wrappings at the bedroom door of his children's sleeping apartment. He acquainted his neighbors of the unaccountable occurrences, and of course was laughed at by them, they averring that it must be superstitious fancy of his. How ever, as the man seemed so very earnest and troubled about the matter, Mr. Robt. Evans, of Kiah Lake, together with four other men determined to investigate the affair and con sequently repaired to Roberson's house on WVednesday night last, with the determination of having ocular demonstration on the sub ject. So soon as they entered the haunted chamber, a violent tapping was heard under the bed where a large empty box was placed; the box was of course dragged out and found to contain nothing, and whilst commenting onh the strangeness of the knocking a terrible crashing was heard as though some one was hurling bricks at the door of the rooni; a rush was made by the men in the room at the door and whilst so doing the blankets and bedding were-dragged from off.the bed, and thrown about the room by an invisible hand in a most mysterious manner..: The visitors.remained during the night arid the noises were continuied at intervals uitil :day light.' This is exactly as it was nariated by Mr. Evans himself, who states that' he never was a. superstitious mail or a believer irn ghosts, but at'the same :time he holds this is one of the strangest incidents thathas conie under his personal experience during his life. Since writing the abovewe learn firom another source that eight of Mr. Roberson's neigh bours slept in the hotuse on Thursday night and were all Wiitnesses of the strange pheno mena narrated above. Thenoises are said to resemble tlhe :sounld of kissing, and, loud taps at the.walliii all parts. of the rooni and iunder -he. floor. The ?ioises. can only be heaid, in the dark;, arnd immnindiately a light i :st'tic¶ they cease. Every morning everyjthiff in the room is found'in.a state of the utpo?st ciitusion. Every effdrt has been made. by ..the neighbors to- unearth the mystery- buit without- avail, the floor boards even having been taken up where- the noises were heard, but no clue could be discovered as to the =ause of thestrange sounds.. Not thd least remarkable part of the matter,,how ever, is that a little girl appears to be the es pecial victim of the ".Ghosts," if such they be, as she is tirown about the room with the bedclothing. - The child is said to be. nearly deranged by the frights shea has received. Several residents of Cooma.have gorie out to investigate the affair, and a profound sensa tion has been created in town over the event. Tie matte.r sounds very like wliat -might be exie'cted at a Spiritualistic Seance. Surely there'are no mediums at Hugundrah. The:following details of a most fearful character have been received respecting the earthquake at Casamicciola, near Ischia. Naples. .Three hundred houses are destroy ed, and one'street in a - mass of -ruins. • A hunidred anf twenty dead bodies have already been recovered from the wrecks of houses. The streets are broken up in their centres, and the smell of sulphur is most suffocating. The Syndic Signor Domeri, and the Sub Prefect, Signor' Pozzuoli, have been directing the operations for the recovery of the bodies, a work which they entered upon at the first moment after the catastrophe. The Royal Steamers Laguna Pagano, and Esploratore arrived immediatcly, having on board Generals Sacchi and de Saugent, Admirals Acton and Bertelli, twod ci;il engineers, a captain of.the staff, ind 50 -.infantry soldiers. The popu lation'fledto the surrounding country and albngthe seacoast. Provisions are so scarce that tlie'authorities have found it necessary to telegraph to various places for supplies. Many hundreds of women and chliildren were saved b5y deeds of valour on thej part of the soldiers, who have neverquitted the ruins. The wouned are all sent to Naples. ::: Out of.about oo2000 Chinese who have lately arrived 400oo or z6oo have left Sydney for the interior. A great proportion going north wards. The Colonial Secretary has com municatad with the BDitish authorities in China for information as to the cause of the recent' exodus from :that country. The Government,'through the Police Department, ismaking:inquiry in Sydney into the whole question of this Chinese influxo, and its possible continuance. 