THE POLISH JEW. CHAPTER V. TIlE DAY OF REST. IT was Sunday morning, and Mlathias, though he had not yet left his bed chamber, had so far recovered that. he was up and dressed, and reclining in his easy chair behind the fireplace. Catlheriuo, in all her Sunday best, had just entered the room, accompa nied by Doctor Franz. The docto?i, eccentric in his attire, as in all elo, wxore a square-cut coat, a red waistcoat, brown breeches, witli boots reachir!ng to his knees, and an Alsatian'felt ha.t. After the usual iiqniries, and' having felt his patient's pulse, and the rest of it,.the doctor said 'You are better, buirgomaster.' 'Better I' snappishly replied Ma thias. 'I ain very well; there is nothing tho matter with me.' :.' You have got rid of those pains in your head ?' ' Yes.' 'And have done with that buzzing in your ears ?' ...Don't I toll you that I am very well--that I am as I always am-that is clear eouuglh, I should thinlik, impa tiently cried Matthias.: ' For a long time he has had bhad dreams, talking in his sleep, and rising often in the night to drink cold water, said Catherine. .' You woildn't have had me drink hot water, would you I' cried Mathias; and anybody may bea thirsty in the night, I suppose ?' ' Yes, yes, no doubt, said Doctor Franz; 'but you must take care of yourself. Yoif driiik ..tob- much wine, burgoinuster; wine brings on the gout, 'nd often causes attacks in.tlib nape of the neck: two noble, but very generous maladies. Our ancient landgraves, margraves,and chingraves;, lords of the Svodgau, of the Brisgau, of higher and lower Alsatia, died, almost all of them, of the gout in the head or of the stomach, or of an attack of apoplexy. .ow,, those noble'mala dies fall upon the burgomasters, the notaries, and the fat citizens. Honour able very honourable, but fatal. Thiat was the cause of your accident the day before yesterday. You had drunk too much rbkewir with your cousin Both ; and ,then the great cold seized you, because all the blood had gone to the head.' 'My feet were cold' enough, that's true,' said Mathias; ' but 'there is no occasion to look so-far'; it was all caused by the Polish Jew. ' What do you say ?' cried the as tonished doctor. ' Yes, at the time'of.that business I(saw the poor. devil's cloak that old Quartermaster Keltz brought- away with the cap. That sight completely upset me, because, the night before, the Jew had been at my house. Since then I had thought no more about it, when, on the evening before yesterday, the corn-dealer walks in, and says the very same words that the other had spoken.' 'Yes, certainly, that musthave pro duced an effect:on you, said Doctor Franz. ' Effect I' cried Mathias; 'I thought it was a ghost I' '"What an idea ' laughed the doctor. ' Yes, yes, I know well enough that there are nio ghosts--?hat when a man is dead he is really dead, to all intents anrid: purposes; bunt what's the use of talking ?. , One does not always think of everything especially when taken unawares in that sort of way.' S,"Very- true, very true,' said the doctor. The', Mathias, turning sharply round in his chair towards his wife, coried- ' ' Has notice behe given 'to the notary ?" ''Yes, yes donh't be uneasy,' replied Catherine. ' Oh, I' am not at all uneasy: but it's necessary'that that marriage should take:place as soon as possible. ':Why as soon as possible, Mathias ?' ' Why?' repeated Mathias. ' Can't you see that when a man in perfect health,: sound in body and mind, may have such attacks, can't you see that it 'is then time to arrange all his affairs at once, and to put off nothing till another day?' ' Oh, Mathias ?' cried Catherine; lookiug alarmed. ' 'Ahb, that's all very well; but that which happened to me the day before yesterday might happen to me again ihis evening. I might not get over a second attack,, and should not have asen my children'happy. There, thereo, Catherine, yoci needn't look so miser able, overit.' Theni, observing that Dr. Franz was about to speak ''Thei'e, now, hold your tongue, doitor;'. cried Matthias, ' and don't bother me with your explanations and remonstrances. Whether it was the wine, the cola, or the Polish Jew that caised the attack, it; comes to tlhe samething. My mind at the present time is perfectly clear and sound; the rest isof no consequence whatever.' 'But,' mildly, and with some hesita. tion, ventured to suggest the doctor, 'perhaps it would be as well, Mr. Burgomaster, to put off for a little while the signing of that contract. Don't y.ou see that--the agitation that would attend so interesting an affair- ' - 'Willvyou hold your tongue,' cried SMathias, impatiently, and throwing up his hands 'why can't people mind tleir owvtin blisiness ? With all your 'owhy's.' aud' lwherforeo's' a man gets bothere, ~id no longer knows what he is aboi!ut.' Let: doctor's mind their physic,:b id.leave other people to do as they like.. 'Yoe, my dear sir, that is all very well, but--' 'What! you will talk, then ?' sharply iLrrupl)ted IMathias. 'You have bled nie, and physiced 'me--well and good I I am cured--so much the better I Let somebody call the notary, let the witnesses be sum,-oned, and let the matter be broughet to an end.' Doctor Franz and Catherine walked over to the other side of the room, and theo former whispered to tlihe latter 'He is still in a nervouis, irritable state; the best tling we cain do is to let him have his own way. A fhw minutes after this, Walter and Heinrich, in their Sunday clothes, tapped at the door; and wero told to comieiii.. '?.i. ioll:- 'well,. 'said .,Walter, inquir ingly, .-' they - tell -us- that you a?to better ?' -'Oh I it's vyou,' .cried nMathias, t?ining towards:them '.thit's all riht t ; I: am glad to see you.' SAnd- ihe shook hands with, them both. ' So, ,my .poor ..l?ithias,;' smiled Walter,- ' heore you are,." quite vAll ' Yes,.yes,' laughed Mathias,' it's all passed and gone. It was a queer sort of thing, thouegh ! may: thank IHeinricli for. thit bout---it was his old story about the Jew .that settled me hali hai Iha I W' vhoever could have foreseen suchi a thing ?' cried Heinrich. . , 'No, no of couise not; and then that other Polish Jew, to think that he should come in just at that particu lar minute.. What a strange chance! Wha&t; a strange chime i! . Would not anyone have said that he had comel just on purpose ?' (To beo continued.) , . . , , 