ODDS AND ENDS. j What is the best way for horses to pull to-' gother?— Why, for each ono to try to pull a part,: of course. ! Wnv is it impossiblo that thoro should be ono l)03t liorao on a racecourse ? — Bscauso you will always find a bettor thoro. ' : Aw Imhman ou seeing a very sma'l coffin ex cluimod, ' Is it possible that coffin wa3 intended, for any living creature.' ? ? TniiEE Jolly AaK0sTi«3.— ' And my wifo, she Bays, 'A man ought to have Bomo roIiRion,' says sho. (Hie.) 'Iloligion 1'bwbI. 'Iain'tgot 'ny, an' I don' want 'uy I All my religion, say3i I, is comprished in tho shimplo word duty 1 1 An'sli 'long'Bh I BhticV to that I'm all ri 1 1' ' 'Ear i ear I ' Newspapbr Oohsolation. — A little girl in Belfast, Me., recently dropped hor doll and broko its arm. The doll was a favorite one, and tho ac cident waa to tlio child a calamity of tho severest naturo. Tho tears started, the lips wero trom bling with griof, when a blight thought struck 'lcf- Wilh a boaming face hbs ? lupa, I don't know as I caro aftbv liaps it will bo put in the paper I ' ^-^ Latest Ei.iTios.-Outaido tho MoriK mouth railway station on Saturday night a su boy was beard shouting-' WceXHg hhronikiu second edition 1' Antcmtlady from Boldo'n Col. liory wanted n Weekly Chronicle for her 'canny nian' at homo. 'Second edition I' elie ox claimed-; 'ma canny bairn^ ma money's as good as anybody else's. Aa'll hov the forest I'— New castle Chronicle. A IIouE ' WaiSKLE.'— A sohoolmnaler writes — '1 am at the head for a town bcIiooI, and a short time back gavo broad making to a clnss of boys as tho snbjoct for an essay. Oho of the essays began in schoolboy English, ' The first thing iu ureaa making is to boil the potatoes, and then you mti3t peel tliom and mash thorn carofully. Then you must mix thorn with a littlo water and sot them in a warm place till they bogin to for. ment,' &c.; Flour wa3 not mentioned in tho courso of tho essay. Tho boy's father in a baker 1' An Important Itbsi iu ah Ei.i:oTro:t Bri,ri —? Tho Rev. William Shophcrd, in a letter rotative to elections, records a fact equal to anything rc contly rovoalod at Sandwich and olsowliore. ' A scamp of an attorney, who thrust bimsolf into Bomo trifling employment in Sir Francis Burdett'B colobrated contest for Middlesex, on sending him his bill, aftor cunning for a journey to Acton, and another to Enling, &c;, closod with Iho fol lowing item : ' To extraordinary mental anxiety on your account, £500.'' Tho hint may bo a valuable 0110 to lawyers. Purantfoi: op Mikd.— There is nothing like prcsonco of mind after all. Tho other day, during a tromendius eliower, a genllomnn en tered n fnsliionablo West End Club, bearing a splendid ivory-hand I01I silk umbrella, which ha placed in tlio stand. Instantly anothor gentle man, M-lio was mourning tho abstraction of jusl such an articlo, jumped up. ' Will yoa allow mo lo look at that?' he said sternly. 'Car- tiiinly,' romarked llio umbi olla-cnrrior. 'I wn! just luking it to the polico station. It waa left 111 my' honso lust night by a burglar whom we frightenod off. 1 liopo it will provo a lirst-rate clue.' . And, though the exasperated owner could plainly see where ii is name had been .scratched off tho handle, ho Bat down and ohangod th« subject. Doodled akii Twisted.— A laughable circum. Blance once took plnco upon a trial in Lancashire, wliero tho Kov. Mr. Wood wns examined ns a witness. Upon giving his name, Oltiwell Wood, the judge, addressing tho reverend person, said — 'Pray, Mr. Wood, how do you spell your name '!' Tho old gentleman rcpliod — 'OdoiibloT, I doublo U, E double Ii, Doublo U, Doublo O, D.'. Upon which tho astonishod lawyer laid' down his pen, Biiying it was tho most extraordinary name ho had ever met iuTiis life, .and after two or threo attempts, declared ho was nnnblo tc rocorJ it. The court was convulsed wltulaash tor. '? . A CAi,iPon;frA BAnOAiH.— The oUior day 61100! Frisoo'B most esteemed young burglars was by somo oversight arrested nnd finod for creating a disturbance. In default of tlio fine he was to stay in gaol thirty days. Tho prisonor was deeply humiliated by tliis nentonco, ns ' burg, lins' has boon so dull recently that bo was not in funds. Ho ecnt, however, for a well known Pinc- strcct broker. ' Mr. It.,' raid Iho burglat — they were old college ohmns — ' I want lo make you a business proposition. Last month-' your house wns ontored nnd robbed of a fine breech-loader gun, a. stem-winder watch, and a pair of diamond Btuda.' ' Yes. Well?' ' Woll, I took 'em ; but you can't provo it. Now, if yon will pay my present fine I'll return ,, you tho gun or the watch — tnko your choice.' ' I'll toll you what I'll do,' said tbo broker, after a second's reflection, ' I'll do it for tlio gun and Iho studs.' 'Couldn't possibly,' replied tho crowbar artist. ' I wnnt the studs to wonr nt a dinnor tho boys are Rotting up. But I tell you what. I will do. My dress vest buttons up prolty high ; I oan get along with one stud ; bo I'll lot you havo tho other. Now, what d'ye say ?' ' It's a go 1' eaid the broker ; and he pas3od out and settled up. Tun PoAomm's Gnosi. — Now ono night, oul with old ' Tim tho Glint,' nnd some other ne'er do-weels of the country, the pooler patrol ap proaching by the ro.itl, gavo him a scare, though still at a considerable distance. At once be struck a lucifor match, to his companions,, wnru ing thorn of tho danger abroad, and as rapidly descended to the ground from the troo whore he had boon ordered for observation. Taking ovory by- rath known to him, ho enmo out on an old follow's land, a grim curmudgeon, who, catching a gliinpso of his figure agaiust the sky, know at once his customer, together with his character for evil deeds, and his deep-seated superstition. Thinking ho wns aftor his hon-roo3t, or at least his turnips, ho determined to givo. him a fright!, and Hint too, not by an)' means known to thi law. Seeing an immenso mangold before the fel low camoon, he plucked it with a jerk from tha ground, ana placed it over tho top of his head, coyoring his faco the wbilo with his handker ohief, and standing still as tho grave, whilo by vas Bpooding tho unlucky bird poacher. ' Waw— nw — aw — 00—00 — aw I' — a rcpotitian of groans that seemed lo start out of tho earth -rang upon his affrighted ears. Ho stopped ; hid hair bo;;an to riBO ; ho peered into tho gloom 1 ho eaw a gigantic figure before him, and in an euorl of despairing nature uttered a ory. ' Waw— -aw — aw — 00 1' again rang tho groan. The fellow took off his hit and piously crossed liimBelf j then ho felt, as ho afterwards said, the rale courage of n Christian. 'Hot I — agh — an — llisther. In the -name 0' the twelve doadly sins, spako 1 Spalto if yo'ro a Hvin' man, for— for— for— I'm greatly freotoned.' 'Tin not a livin* man,' rang out the hollow voice, ilia tono that froze the follow's marrow : ' I am a ghost, so I am.' ' Oo— 00— 00 I Oh, ior-a-mcisy' —forgive I O deckrofuugjs Klavi Katcheh, amin. Bavo mo sowl in pinitinee an' purgatory. O solemn Saint Kullumkill. What's this fur at uM What did I ever to you, ghost? I ax you that in tho namo o'nine blessed mnndhromnrvinscomiuV 'Stolo mo hins— stolo mo ducks — stolo'niQ gceso,' echood tho voice of the ghost. 'Ah I jlessod Pother, if I'm lo bo sot on by every body's ghost that I robbed fowl from, I'd better die at wanst, for livin' would bo a torthur.' ' I'm watchln' you theao four yoars,v said thn ghest. ' O lor, more wor3or an1 worse. Would you have any objection to ino wipin' aff tho pass fyrashun, sur?' ' Four years ; but nowlhava you at lost. I'm not allowod to spako to ye, by raison of yo havin' a tarrier dog mostly wid you j -ut prepare to come wid mo T I havo you now.1! ' O sur, 0 murther; O think 0' mo dotin* father, an' me lovin' family, but. O if an ooit sworo on the twilva pinnytenshal psalms, sur, that I'lJ stalo no more from you, will proviut you from; thrubblin' me, I'll doit right off.' 'Wellthon,1 swaro,' said tho voice. 'Now, mind you, I'm tho father's ghost of tho man that owns the land, and, be tho morchal, if ovor Ikotch you agin, down to lmrgaUory yo go ; and instead of tatin my hand on my promise hero, take mylioad.' And ho flung tho mangold full at him, Doini dropped tho unhappy fly-by-night in a fit, vhen ha wns found a half imbecilo in tho morning] but from that good hour out lias lod an altorot life— Illustrated Sporting and Dramatic Afeuw 