NEW ZEALAND. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) WELLINGTON, Aug. 23. Parliament has now been in session just 12 weeks, and the business done may be summed up as consisting in the passing through both Houses of the Chinese Bill, the Gaming and lotteries Bill, and the Licensing Bill. The last-named measure only awaits the expected concurrence of the Lower House in some minor amendments made by the Legislative Council before being sent up for the Governor's approval.!. It at length appears almost certain that it will pass into law, albeit its tenure of life may not be very protracted. The' order paper is still crowded with bills, notwithstanding its being notorious that the great majority stand not the re- motest chance of ever getting into committee. There are at the present time no fewer than 85 bills on the order paper in various stages. Yet member, declare with lusty asseveration that no earthly power shall keep them in Wellington later than the middle of next [month. If they act on this determination the massacre of innocents" will be something quite surprising in its wholesale comprehensiveness. There will be a " massacre " no doubt, but I do not believe so sweeping a slaughter would be tolerated by the colony, many of the measures being urgently needed. On the eve of a general election it might not be prudent to go home without doing any real work at all. It is a pity the Government will bring down such a vast multiplicity of measures. Very likely they are needed in some cases. Assuredly they are generally fair and reasonable in their provisions. But, our boat they do not stand the ghost of a chance of passing. Why, then, waste time and money, and impede the necessary business of the House by thrusting forward these laudable but mal apropos reforms? There may be some good and sufficient reason for taking this course ; but to my judgment the proceeding is very bad tactics, and cannot possibly answer any good end. We have, for instance, bills for abolishing entail,, for removing all restrictions on the alienation of real property, for limiting the period in which claims on property can be asserted, for abolishing distress for rent, and making the landlord come in as an ordinary creditor, with no preferential claim for all sorts of things, in fact, which might very well wait another year. Meanwhile the necessary business falls into arrear, and it is not easy to recover the lost ground. The Estimates have been only touched, the Public Works estimates hardly even looked at. As yet we seem, after 12 weeks'' session, to be only on the threshold of the real substantial work which has to be done, and yet members talk about a prorogation in three weeks or so, Every motion for going into committee of supply on the Estimates is met by an amendment tantamount to a want of confidence motion. First, Sir George Grey moved that the Estimates should be referred to a committee of 12 with a view to further reduc- tions. This, of course, could only be treated as a no-confidence motion, nnd-'it.'.waa accordingly debated during a wholo;'evetiirig, being only at last negatived and the voices when that day had been wasted, and it was too late to do any work at all. Next Mr. Saunders the great apostle of economy moved a reduction of £50,000, which was also lost after a whole day's dreary discussion, and then Mr. Bryce moved that the total be reduced by £30,000, which motion has not yet been dealt with. Glancing over one of my recent letters, the thought struck me what a pity it is that New Zealand politics are so dreadfully one-sided that we have only one set of men who can with common prudence be trusted on the Treasury benches. This takes all the life and interest out of politics. Yet an Opposi- tion party and an Opposition leader capable of commanding public confidence are still wanting. It is unfortunate for an impartial writer that he cannot possibly give a fair and just account of political matters in New Zealand without unavoidably making his version appear more like a party manifesto than an unbiassed chronicle, in which nothing is ex tenanted nor aught set down in malice. For instance, I see I described the ante sessional speeches of Mr. Hall, the Premier, on the one hand, and of Sir George Grey and Mr. Macandrew on the other, as being the former " moderate, sensible, and practical," the two latter "wild, visionary, and impractic- able." That looks, prima facie, like rank partisanship, and yet everybody admits even the most inveterate Opposition journals-that Mr. Hall's speech was moderate, sensible, practical, and can anybody who has read Sir George Grey's local government proposals (described in previous letter-box "blank" bill, his twenty autonomous provinces," each with its standing volunteer army ; his mountains stocked with red deer to improve the shoot- ing of these said volunteers, his elective judges, his presidents who are not to preside, his unlimited endowments in non-existent land, his abolition of all rates and taxes, his liberal grant to the twenty provinces of the "surplus remaining" after all the re- venue" had been appropriated by the Central Legislature-a " bull," as I remarked before of the richest type can anybody who has read these proposals gravely put forth by him as a panacea for all political ills contend for a moment that they are not " wild, visionary, and impracticable?" Surely not. But what of Mr. Macandrew? Well, let the Opposition papers pronounce his verdict. The Lyttelton Times is the most thorough-going, as well as the most able and influential Opposition organ. Let us see what it says about Mr. Macandrew political ideas. In the first place, this is what it says of the two Opposition leaders : Mr. Macandrew talks of the compact Opposition which we are to have in the coming session. His last address will not consolidate the compactness that we knew last year, such as it was, nor will it bring any increase of strength. Neither will Sir George Grey's latest utterances perform any such office for the Opposition. Mr. Macandrew offers the country a distant vision. Sir George Grey suggests the federation of the empire. On one side we are to discuss the merits of something brilliant, but unsub- stantial. On the other, we are invited to break our heads against a problem which has defied for years the combined intelligence of all the statesmen, philosophers, thinkers, and talkers in the empire. If the Opposition wants to govern public opinion, it must offer it something better than either soap bubbles or mountainous difficulties, immovable even by agencies more potent than political faith." Is not this exactly the view I have expressed of these two political luminaries? But the Lyttelton Times has more to say about Mr. Macandrew. It says : " No man in this colony has such bold ideas of policy as Mr. Macandrew, and few have less power to commend them to public opinion. .... Mr. Macandrew, knowing but little of details, makes a sorry figure in handling them. He got into a controversy with his political opponents in 1878, after they came into office, about the rates of expenditure of their respective administration. That controversy still continues. though had a man conversant with details been attacked it would have been long ago ended." And again, after ridiculing Mr. Macandrew proposals to abolish the property tax without putting anything in its place, 'to enter on unlimited further borrowing without sending the interest out of the country, and so forth, it remarks : i ' If', 'this is, we must say, a collection of large ideas, without anything substantial on which to base the policy they inspire. That is suggestive of appealing for public favour by mere phruBes. Before Mr. Macandrew can command confidence he must fill up the blanks in his programme." Then, again, it has long been a pot crotchet of Mr, Macandrew'a, which he airs on every occasion, that a National Bank of Issue in the grand desideratum, and that such an institution would provide us with unlimited funds for all purposes. He has said more than once in the House that all New Zealand wanted to relieve her win her financial difficulties was " a halo of a paper and a printing press" in other words, that the Government should issue paper money. Of this scheme the Lyttelton Times justly Boys A more impracticable idea it would be difficult to discover fully as impracticable as getting something out of nothing." Such being the character of our two Opposition leaders, it might be predicted that the one having put forward a grand scheme of reform, the other would not be long in following suit with a rival proposal. This assumption would have been perfectly accurate. Sir George Grey has given us his marvellous device for local government in the bill bearing that much-miBapplied name, And now Mr. Macandrew has rushed into the battle-field with the formidable notice that on the next motion for going into committee of supply he will move the following startling amendment, to which I cannot do justice except by quoting it in extenso :- ' " 1. That with a view to greater efficiency and economy in the government of New Zealand, it is expedient that the colony should be divided into two distinct provinces, separated by Cook's Straits. " 2. That each of the two provinces shall have a Legislature, to be composed in the first instance of the members of the House of Representatives In call Island, who shall be elected to serve in the next Colonial Parliament, and of a President, to be elected out of the said members. "3. The President shall be the chief executive officer of the province, and an integral part of the Bald Legislature, Hoehall possess the same functions in relation to the Provincial Council as does the Governor towards the House of Representatives. " 4. That each of the Provincial Legislatures shall have full, Independent, and constituent powers of legislation and administration as regards every matter and thing affecting the peace, order, and good government of the province, except as herein- after provided. 116\. It shall not be lawful for any Provincial Legislature to make or ordain any law or ordinance for any of the purposes hereinafter mentioned, that is to say 3-6 The imposition, or regulation of duties of customs to be imposed on the importation or exportation of any goods at any port or place in the province; (2) the establishment or abolition of any court of Judicature of civil or criminal Jurisdiction, except courts for trying and punishing such offences as by the law of New Zealand are or may be made punishable by a summary way, or altering the constitution, jurisdiction, or practice of any such court except on aforesaid ; (8) regulating any of the current coin or the issue of any bills notes, or other paper currency ; (0 regulating the weights and measures to be used in the province or any part thereof; (6) regulating the Post-office and the carriage of letters within the province ; (0) establishing, altering, or repealing laws relating to bankruptcy or insolvency; (7) the maintenance and erection of beacons and lighthouses on the coast ; (6) The imposition of any dues or other charges on shipping at any port or harbour in the province ; (0) regulating marriages; (10) inflicting any disabilities or restriction upon persons of the native race to which persons of European birth would not also be subjected ; (11) altering in any way the criminal laws of New Zealand, except so far as relates to the trial and punishment of such offences as are now or may be by the criminal laws of New Zealand punishable in a summary way as aforesaid ; (12) regulating the course of inheritance of real or personal property, or affecting the law relating to wills. "0. The General Assembly of New Zealand shall, until otherwise determined, continue as at present constituted, and shall have exclusive power and authority to deal with those subJects hereinbefore mentioned as ultra vires of Provincial Legislatures, and with no other. " 7. The taxing functions of the General Assembly shall be limited to the raising of money for the following purposes, that is to say Payment of interest and sinking fund of the colonial debt heretofore In Lurrcd ; cost of the Colonial Legislature ; as also any deficiency which may arise in respect of the maintenance of the Supreme Court, postal, telegraphic, and lighthouses services. " 8. With the exception of the Supreme Court, postal, telegraph, and lighthouses services, the duty of providing for and administering all other departments of government shall devolve upon the Provincial Legislatures within their respective provinces and all Government railways already constructed, and in course of construction, at school buildings, and buildings not required for colonial Government purposes, and also the waste lands of the Crown, and the revenue derived therefrom from each province, shall become the property of each province: provided always that the waste lands shall be held on subject to the due fulfilment of all existing contracts and engagements in respect thereof. " 0. That the Government be requested during the recess to cause a bill to be prepared to give effect to the foregoing proposals, such bill to be submitted to the next Parliament within one week of the commencement of the session." There you have Mr. Macandrew's idea of a perfect system of government. I have previously given Sir George Grey's, and now this colony will have to choose between accepting either of these curious devices or maintain- ing the status quo. I cannot bring myself to believe that the New Zealand colonists will adopt the former alternative. 