MARY MARSTON, BY DB. GEOBGB MAODONAU). CHAPTER LIV. THB MBXT MIGHT. Mr. Brett foand no difficulty in the way of the interview, for Mr. Redmain had given Mewks instructions he dared not disobey; his master had often ailed, and recovered again, and be must not venture too tar! As soon as be bad Bbown the visitor into the room, he was dismissed, bnt not before he had satisfied him self that be was a lawyer. He carried the news at once to Sepia, and it wrought no little anxiety in the honse. There was a will already in existence, and no ground for thinking a change in it boded anything good. Mr. Mortimer never d< igned to share his thoughts, anxieties, or hopes with any of his people; but the ladies met in deep consultation, although of oourse there was nothing to be done. The only operative result was that it let Sepia know how, though for reasons somewhat different, her anxiety was shared by the others; unlike theirs her sole desire was—riot to be mentioned in the will; that could only be for the sake of leaving her a substantial cnrse! Mr. Bedouin's utter silence, after, as she well knew, having gathered damning facts to her discredit, had long con vinced her he was but biding his time. Oertain she was he would not depart this life without leaving bis opinion of ber and the proofs of its justice behind bim, carrying weight as the affidavit of a dying man. Also she knew Hesper well enough to be oertain that, however she might delight in opposition to the desire of her hnsbsnd, she would for the sake of no one carry that opposition to a point where it became injurious to her interests. Sepia's one thought theiefore was—could not something be done to prevent the making of another will, or the leav ing of any fresh document behind him ? What he might already have done, she could nowise help; what be might yet do, it would be welt to prevent. Once more, therefore, sbe impressed upon Mewhs, and that in the names of Mrs. Bedmain and Lady Margaret, as well as in her own person, the absolute necessity of ioarning as mnch as possible of what might pass between his master and the lawyer. Mewks was driven to the end of his wits, and they were not a few, to- find excuses for going into the room, and for delaying to go out again, while with all his ears he listened. But both client and lawyer were almost too careful for bim; and he bad learned positively nothing when the lat er rose to depart. He instantly left the room, with the door a trifle ajar, and listening intently, heard his master say that Mr. Brett must come again the next morning; that be felt better, and would think over the snggestions he had made; and that he must leave the memoranda within his reach, on the table by his bedside. Ere the lawyer issued, Mewks was on bis way with all this to his tempter. Sepia concluded there had been some difference of opinion between Mr. Bedmain and his adviser, and hoped that nothing had been finally settled. Was there any way to prevent the lawyer from seeiDg him again ? Could she by any means get a peep at the memoranda mentioned ? She dared not suggest the thing to Hesper or Lady Malice—of all people they were those in relation to whom she feared their possible contents—and she dared not show her Belf in Mr. Bedmain's room. Was Mewks to be trusted to the point of such danger as grew in her thought ? The day wore on. Towards eveniug he had a dreadful attack. Any other man would have sent before now for what medical assistance the town could afford him, bnt Mr. Bedmain hated having a stranger about him, and as he knew how to treat himself, it was only when very ill that he would send for his own doctor to the country, fearing that otherwise he might give him np as a patient, such visits, however well remunerated, being seriously inconvenient to a man with a large London practice. But now Lady Margaret took upon herself to send a telegram. An hour before her usual time for closing the shop, Mary set out for Durnmelling; and at the appointed spot on the way, found her squire of low degree in waiting. At first sight, however, and although sbe was looking out for him, she did not certainly recognize him. I would not have my reader imagine Joseph one of those fools who delight in appearing something else than they are; bnt while every workmsn onght to look a workman, it ought not to be by look ing less of a man, er of & gentleman in the true sense; and Joseph, having, ont of respect to her who would honour him with her company, dressed bimBelf in a new suite of unpretending grey, with a wide-awake hat, looked at first sight more like a country gentleman having a stroll over his farm, than a man whose hands were hard with the labours of the forge. He lifted bis hat as she approached—if not with ease yet with the clnmsy grace peculiar to him; tor, unlike many whose manners are object tionable, be bad in hie something that might be called his own. But the best of it was, that he knew nothing about bis manners beyond the desire to give honour where hononr was due. He walked with her to the door of the house; for they had agreed that, from whatever quarter had come the pursuit, and whatevsr might have been its object, it would be well to show that she was attended. They had also arranged at what hour, and at what spot close at hand, he was to be waiting to accompany her home. Bnt, although he said nothing about it, Joseph was determined not to leave the place until she re joined him. It was nearly dark when be left her; and when be had wandered np and down the avenue a while, it seemed dark enough to return to the house, and reconnoitre a little. He' had already made the acquaintance of the farmer who occupied a portion of the great square, behind the part where the family lived i he had had several of his horses to shoe, and had not only given satisfaction by the way in which he shod them, bnt had interested their owner with descriptions of mone than one rare mode of shoeing to which *j be bad given attention; he was therefore the less shy of being discovered about the place. From the back he found his way into the roofless hall, and there paced qnietiy np and down, measuring the floor, and guessing at the height and thickness of the walls, and the sort of roof they had borne. He noted that the wall of the honse rose higher than those of the rain with which it was in contact; and that there wbb a window in it jnst over one of those wails. Thinking whether it had been there when the roof was on, he saw through it the flickering of a fire, and wondered whether it conld be the window of Mr. Bedmain's room. Mary, having resolved not to give any notice of her arrival, if she could get in without it, and finding the hall-door on the latch, entered quietly, and walked straight to Mr. Bedmain's bedroom. When she opened tbo door of it, Mewks came hurriedly to meet her, as if he would have made her go oat again, bat she scarcely looked at him, and advaneod to the bed. Mr. Bed main wasjusc waking from the sleep into which he had fallen after a severe paroxysm. "Ah, there you are!" he said, smiling her a feeble welcome. " I am glad you are come. I have been looking oat for you. I am very ill. If it comes again to-night, 1 think it will make an end of me." She sat down by the bedside. He lay quite still for some time, breathing like one very weary. Then he seemed to grow easier, and said, with mnoh gentleness: " Oan't you talk to me ?" '■ Would you like me to read to you ?" she asked. " Ho," he answered; " I can't bear the light; it makes my head furious." . '• Shall 1 talk to you about mytfather ?"„ she asked. "I don't believe in fathers," he replied. "They're always after some notion of their own. It's not tbeir children they caie about." " That may be true of some fathers," answered Mary; " but it is not the least true"of mine." " W here is he P Why don't you bring him to see me, if he iB such a good man ? He might be able to do something for me." " There is none bat your own father can do anything for you," said Mary. " My father is gone home to him, but if he were here, he would only tell you about him." There was a moment's silence. " Why don't you talk ?" said Mr. Bedmain crossly. H What's the good of sitting there say ing nothing! How am I to forget that the p»in will be here again, if you don't say a word to help me?" Mary lifted up her heart, and prayed for something to say to the sad human soul that had never known the Father. But she could think of nothing to talk about except the death of William Marston. So she began with the drop ping of her watch, and telling whatever seemed at the moment fit to tell, ended with the dream she had the night of his funeral. By that time the hidden fountain was flowing in her soul, and she was able to speak straight out of it. " I cannot tell you, 8ir," she said, closing the story of her dream, " what a feeling it was! The joy of it was beyond all expression." " You're not surely going to offer me a dream in proof of anything!" muttered the sick man. " Yes," answered Uary—" in proof of what it can prove. The joy of a child over a new toy, or a coloured sweetmeat, shows of what bliss the human soul is made capable." " Oh, capable, I daresay !" " And more than that," Mary went on, adding instead of replyiDg, " no one ever felt Bach glad ness without believing in it. There must be somewhere the justification of such gladness. There must be the father of it somewhere." "Well! I don't like to say, after your kind ness in coming here to take care of me, that you talk the worst rubbish I ever heard; but just tell me of what use is it all to me, in the state I am in ! What I want is to be free of pain, and have Borne pleasure in life—not to be told about a father." " But what if the father you don't want is determined you shall not have what you do want ? What if your desire is not worth keep ing you alive for ? And what if he is ready to help your smallest effort to be the thing he wants you to be—and in the end to give you your heart's desire ?" " It sounds very fine, hut it's all so thin, so up in the clouds! It don't seem to have a leg to stand upon. Why, if that were true, everybody would be good! there would be none but saints in the world! What's in it, I'm sure I don't know." " It will take ages to know what is in it; but if you should die now, you will be glad to find, on the other side, that you have made a begin ning. For my part, if I bad everything my soul could desire, except God with me, I could but pray that he would come to me, or not let me live a moment longer; for it would be but the life of a devil." " What do you mean by a devil ?" "A power that lives against its life," said Mary. Mr. Kedrrmn answered nothing. He did not perceive an atom of sense in the words. They gave him not a glimmer. Neither will they to many of my readers; while not a few will think they see all that is in them, and see nothing. Be was silent for a long time—whether he waked or slept she could not tell. The annoyance was great in the home-con clave when Mewks brought the next piece of news—namely, that there was that designing Marston in the master's room again, and how ever ehe got into the house he was sure he i didn't know. I " All the same thing over again, miss!—hard at it a try in' to convert 'im!—And where's the use, you know, miss? If a man like my master's to be converted, and get off, I don't for my part see where's the good o' keepin' up a devil." " I am quite of your opinion, Mewks," said Sepia. But in her heart she was ill at ease. All day leng Bhe had been haunted with an ever-recurriDg temptation, which, instead, of dismissing it, she kept like a dog in a string. Different kinds of evil affect people differently. Ten thousand will do a dishonest thiDg, who would indignantly reject the dishonest thing favoured by anotner ten thousand. They are not sufficiently used to its ugly face not to dis like it, though it may not be quite so ugly as their protege. A man will feel grandly honest against the dishonesties of another trade than his, and be eager to justify those of his own. Here was Sepia, who did not care the dust of a butterfly's wing for causing any amount of family misery, who would without a pang have sacrificed the genuine reputation of an innocent man to save her own false one—shuddering at an idea as yet bodiless in her brain—an idea which, however, she did not dismiss, and so grew able to endure! I have kept this woman—so far as personal acquaintance with her is concerned—in the back ground of my history. For one thing, I am not fond of post-mortem examinations; in other words, I do not like searching the decomposi tions of moral carrion. Analysis of such is, like the rise of reagents on dirt, at least unplea sant. Nor was any trne end to be farthered by a more vivid presentation of her. Nosology is a science doomed, thank God, to perish. Health alene will at last fill the earth. Or if there should be always the ailing to help, a man will help them by being sound himself, not by know ing the ins and oats of disease. Diagnosis is not therapy. Sepia was unnatural—as every one is un natural who does not Bet his face in the direc tion of the true Nature; but she had gone farther in the opposite direction than many people have yet reached. At the same time whoever has not faced abont is ou the way to a capacity for worse things than even our enemies would believe of us. Her very existence seemed to her now at stake. If by his dying act Mr. Bedmain should drive her from under Hesper's roof, what was to become of her! Durnmelling, too, would then be as certainly closed against her, and she would be compelled to take a situation, and teaoh music, which she hated, and French and German, whioh gave her no pleasure apart from certain strata of their literature, to insolent girls whom she would be constantly wishing to strangle, or atopid little boys who would bore1 htr to death. Her very soul sickened at the thonght—as well it might; for to have to do such service with each a heart as hers most' indeed be torment. All hope of marrying Godfrey Wardour would be gone, of course. Did he but remain uncertain as to the truth or falsehood of a third part of what Mr. Bedmain would record against her, he wonld never meet her again! Since the commencement of this last attack of Mr. Bedmain's malady she had scarcely slept; and now what Mewks reported rendered her nigh crazy. For some time she had been generally awake half the night, and all the last night she had been wandering here and there abont the house, not unfreqaently couohed where she could hear every motion in Mr. Bedmain's room. Hannted by fear, she in torn haunted her fear. She conld not keep from staring down the throat of the pit. She was a slave of the morrow, the undefined, awful morrow, ever about to bring forth no one knows what. That morrow conld she bat forestall! If any Bhonld think that anxiety and watch ing most have so ^wrought oh Sepia that she came to be no longer accountable for her actions, I will not oppose the.kind conclusion. For my own part, until I shall have seen a man absolutely one with the source of his being, £ do not believe I shall ever have seen a man absolutely sane. What many would point to as plainest proofs of sanity, I should regard as surest sign of the oontrary. A sign of my own insanity is it ? Yonr insanity moy be worse than mine, for yon are aware of none, and I with mine do battle. I believe all insanity has moral as well as physical roots. But enough of this. These are questions we can afford to leave. Sepia had got very thin during these trying, days. Her great eyes were larger yet, and filled with a troubled anxiety. Not paleness, for of that her complexion was incapable, but a doll pallor possessed her cheeks. If one had met her as she roamed the house that night, he might well have taken her for some naaghty ancestor, whose troubled conscience, not yet able to shake off the madness of some evil deed,, made her {wander still about the place where she had committed it. She believed in no Supreme Power who cares that right should be done in his worlds. Here, it msy be, some of my unbelieving acquain tances, foreseeing a lutid something on the horizon of my story, will be indiguant that the capacity for crime 6bould be thus associated with tnie denial of a Live Good. But it remains a mere fact that it is easier for a man to commit a crime when he does not fear a willed retribution. Tell me there is no merit in being prevented by fear; I answer, the talk is not of merit. As the world is, that is as the race of men at present is, it is just as well that the man who* has no merit and never dreemod of any shonld yet be a little hindered from cutting his neighbonr's throat at his evil pleasure. No;. I do not mean hindered by a lie; I mean hindered by the poorest apprehension of the grandest truth. Of those who do not believe, some have never had a noble picture of God presented to them but whether their phantasm is of a mean God beoanse they refuse bin), or they refuse him because their phantasm of bim is mean, who oan tell? Anyhow mean notions must come of meanness, and, uncharitable as it may appear, L cannot but think there is a moral root to all chosen unbelief. lint let God himself judge his own. With Bepia what was lest meant what was best for her, and best for her meant most after• her liking. She had in her time heard a good deal abont euthanasia, and had taken her share in advocat ing it. I do not take this to be anything, additional against her; cne who does not believe in God may in Buch an advocacy indulge a humanity pitifnl over the irremediable ills of the race; and, being what she was, she was no . worse necessarily for advocating that than for advocating oremation, which she did—occasion ally, I most confess, a little uoareely. But the notion of euthanasia might well work for evil in a mind that had not a thought for the ease any more than for the betterment of humanity, or indeed for anything bat its own consciousness of pleasoreor comfort. Opinions, like drugs,, work differently on different constitutions. Hence the man is foolish wbo goes scattering, vague notions regardless of the roil on which tbey may fall. She was used to asking the question—"What'a tbegood? bat always in respect of something, ebe wanted out of her way. •* What's the good of an hour or two more if you're not enjoying it?" she said to herself again and again that Monday. " What's the good of living when life is pain—or fear of death, from which no fear can save yon?" Bat the question had no reference to her own life r she was judging for another—and for another' not for his sake, or from his point of view, bub for her own sake, and from where she stood. All the day she wandered abont the honse, such thoughts as these in her heart, and in her pocket a bottle of that concentrated which Mr. Bedmain was taking much diluted for medicine. But she hoped not to have to use it. If only Mr. Bedmain would yield the conflict, and depart without another interview with the lawyer! Bat if he wonld not, and two drops from the said bottle, not taken by.herself, bat by another,, wonld save her, all her life to come, from endless anxiety and grinding care, from weariness and disgust, and indeed from want; nor that alone,, but save likewise that other from an honr, or two hours, or perhaps a week, or possibly two weeks, or, who could tell ?—it might be a month, of pain and moaning and weariness, wonld it not be well ?—must it not be more than well ? She had not learned to fear temptation; she feared poverty, dependence, humiliation, labour,. ennui, misery. The thought of the life that must follow and wrap her round in the case of the dreaded disclosure was unendnrable; the thought of the suggested frustration waB not so unendurable—was not absolutely unendurable —was not to he borne—might be permitted to come—to return — was cogitated — now with, imagined resistance, now with reluctant and partial acceptance, now with faint resolve, and new with determined resolution—now with the headed drops ponring from the forehead, and now with a cold ecornful smile of triumphant foil and success. Was she so very exceptionally bad however? Yon who hate yonr brother or yonr sister—yoa do not think yourself at all bad ! Bat yoa are a murderer, and ehe was only a murderer. Yoa do not -feel wicked ? How do yoa know she did ? Besides, you hate, and she did not hate ; she only wanted to take care of herself. Lady Macbeth did not hate Duncan; she only wanted to give her hnsband bis crown. You only hate your brother; you would not, you say, do him any harm; and Z believe you would not do him mere bodily harm; bat were things changed, so that hate-action became absolutely safe, I should have no confidence what yoa might not come to do. No one can tell what wreck a goat of passion npon a sea of hate may work. There are men a man might well kill, if he were any thing lees than ready to die for them. * The difference between the man that hates and the man that kills may be nowhere bat in the conrage. These are gruesome thinkings : let as leave them—but hating with them. All the afternoon Sepia hovered about Mr. Bedouin's door, down upon Metrics every moment he appeared. Her head ached, she -could hardly breathe. Best she ooald hot. Once when Mewks, coming from the room, told, tier his matter was asleep, she erept in, and -softly approaching the head of the bed, looked •at him from behind, then stole out again. " He seems dying, Mewks," she said. " Oh, no, miss I've often seen him as bad. He's better." " Who's that whispering?" murmured, (be patient angrily, though half asleep. Mewks went in, and answered, ■" Only me and Jemima, Sir." Where's Miss Marston ?" ■" She's not come yet, Sir." «' I want to go to sleep again. Yon mast wake me the moment she comes." •' Yes, Sir." Mewks went back to Sepia. " His voice iB much altered," she said. " He most always speaks like that now, miss, when he wakes—very different from I used to know him! He'd alwaye swear bad when he woke; bat Miss Marston do seem t' *ave got a good (leal of that out of him. Anyhow, this last two days he's scarce swore enough to make it feel homelike." " It's death has got it out of him," said Sepia. "I don't think he can last the night through. Fetch me at once if— And don't let that Marston into the room again, whatever yoa. do." She spoke with the ntmost emphasis, plainly clenching instructions previously given, then went slowly np the stair to her own room. Sorely be wonld die to- night, and she would not he led into temptation! 'She would then have but to get bold of the paper! What a hateful and unjust thing it wbb that her life should be in the power of that man—a miserable creature, himself hanging between life and death! that -such as he should be able to determine her fate, and say whether she was to be comfortable or miserable all the rest of a life that was to out last his so many years! It was absurd to talk -of a Providence She must be her own provi dence! She stole again down the stair. Her cousin was in her own room safe with a novel, and there •was Mewks fast asleep in an easy-ohair in the study, with the doors of the dressing-room and •chamber ajar! Sbe crept into the sick- room. There was the tumbler with the modicine ! and her fingers were on the phial in her pocket. The dying man slept, Sbe drew near the table by the bed. He .stirred as if about to wake. Her limbs, her brain seemed to rebel against her will. But ■what folly it was! the man was not for this -world a day longer: what could it matter whether be left it a few hours earlier or later ? The drops on his brow rose from the pit of his agony; every breath was a torture: it were meroy to help him across the verge: if to more life, he would owe her thanks; if to endless rest, he would never aocnse her. She took the phial from her pocket. A hand was on the lock of the door! She turned and ■fled through the dressing-room and study, waking Mewks as she passed. He, harrying into the chamber, saw Mary already enteicd. When Sepia learned who it was that: had scared her, sbe felt she could kill her with leas compunction than Mr. Eedmain. She bated her fir worse. "You must get the viper out of the house, Mewks," she said. " It is all your fault she got into the room." " I'm snre I'm willing enough," he answered, 41 even if it wasn't you as as't me, miss! But what am I to do? She's that brazen, you wouldn't believe, miss! It wonldn' be beoomiu' to tell you what I think that young woman fit •to do." " I don't doubt it," responded Sepia. " But curdy," she went on, " the next time he has an attack, and he's certain to have one soon, yoa' | will be able to get her hustled out!" " Ho, miss—least of all just then. She'll make that a pretence for not going a yard, from the bed—as if me that's been about him so .many years didn't know what ought to be done with him in his paroxes of pain better than the likes of her! Of all things I do loathe a row, •miss—and the talk of it after; and sure I am =tbat without a row we don't get her out of that room. The only way is to bequiet, and seem to trnst her, and watch for the chance of her .going out—then ehut her out, and keep , her -one." "I believe you are right," returned JSoph, almost with a hope that no snoh opportunity might arrive, but at the same time growing more determined to take advantage ,of it if it .should. Henoe partly it came that Mary met with no interruption to her watching and ministering. Mewks kept ooming and going—watching her, and waiting his opportunity. Mr. Bodmain scarcely heeded him, only onoe and again say ing in sudden anger, " What can that idiot be . about ^ He might know by this time I'm not likely to want him, so long as you, are in the .room!" And said Mary to herself, " Who knows what •good the mere presenoe of one who trustejmay be to him, even if he shouldn't seem to take much of what she says! Perhaps he may think of some of it after be is dead—who knows? Patient she sat >nd waited, fall of help that would have flowed in a torrent, but which she •felt only trickle from her heart like a stream that is lost on the face of the rook donn which it flows. All at once she bethought herself and looked .-fit her watch: Joseph had been waiting for her more than an hour, and would not, she knew, if ;he stopped all night, go away without her ! And for her, she could not forsake the poor mean her presence seemed to comfort! He was now lying very still: sbe would slip out aud send -Joseph away, and be bock before the^patient or tmy one else should miss her! SheweDt softly from the room, and glided down the stairs, and out of the house, seeing no -one—but not unseen. Hardly was she from the zoom, when the door of it was dosed and locked .behind her, and hardly from the house, when the house-door also was closed and locked behind her. But she heard nothing, and ran, without the least foreboding of mishap, to the corner were Joseph was to meet her. There he was, waiting as patient as if the hour had not yet oome. " I can't leave him, Joseph. My heart; won't let me," she said. " I cannot go back before the (morning. I will look in upon yoa as I pass." Bo ssyiDg, and without giving him time to answer, she hade him good-night, aad ran back to the house, hoping to get in as before without being seen. Bat to her dismay she -found the door already fast, and concluded the hoar had arrived when the house was abut up for the night. She rang the bell, but there was no answer—for there was Mewks himself stand ing close behind the door, grinning like his master an evil grin. As she knooked aad rang in vain, the fact flashed jnpon her that she was intentionally excluded. She tnrned over whelmed with a momentary despair, What was she to do? There stood Joseph! She ran back to him, and told him they had Bhat her oat. " It makes me (miserable," ehe£weut on, " to think of the poor man calling me, and me nowhere to answer. The worst of it is X seem the only person he has any faith in, and what I have been telling Mm about the father of us all, whose love never changes, will seem only the idler tale, when he finds X am gone, and nowhere to be found—as they're sure to tell him. There's no saying what lies they mayn't tell him abont my going! Bather than go, I will sit on the doorstep ail night, jost to be able to tell him in the morning that I never went home." " Why have they done it, do yon think ?" asked Joseph. " I dare hardly allow myself 'to conjeetnre," answered Mary. " None of them like me bat Jemima—not even Mrs. Redmain now, I am afraid; for you seo X never got any of the good done her I wanted, and till something of that was done she conld not know how I felt towards her. I shouldn't a bit wonder if they fancy I have a design on his money—as if anybody fit to call herself a woman would condescend to such a thing! Bat whon a woman wonld marry for money shejnay well think as bad of another woman." " This is a serious affair," said JoBeph. " To have a dying man believe yon false to him wonld be dreadful! We mnst find some way in. Let ne go to the kitchen door." "If Jemima happened to be near, then perhaps!" rejoined Mary; " bat if they want to keep me ont, you may be sare Mewks has taken care of one door as well as another. He knows I'm not so easy to keep out." "If yon did get in," said Joseph, speaking in a whisper as they went, "wonld you feel qui to safe after this ?" " I have no fear. I daresay they wonld lock me up somewhere if they coald, before I got to Mr. Kedmain's room; once in, they wonld not dare tonch me." "I shall not go out of hearing so long as you are in that house," ssid Joseph with decision. " Mot until I have yon out again do I leave the premises. If anything should make yon feel uncomfortable, you cry out, mies, and Til make a noise at the door that everybody at Thornwiok over there shall hear me." " It is a iarge house, JoBeph; one might call in many a part of it, and never be heard oat of doors. I don't think yoa could hear me from Mr. fledmain's room," said Mary, with a little laugh, for she was amnsed as well aB pleased at the protection Joseph wonld give her; "it is up two flights, and he chose it himself for the sake of being quiet when he was ill." As she Bpoke,they reached the door they sought —tne most likely of all to be still open; it was fast and dark as if it had not been un bolted for years. One or two more entrances they tried, bat with no better success. "Oome this way," whispered Joseph, know a place where we shall at - least be ont of their Bight, and where we can plan at our leisure." He led her to the back entrance to the old hall. Alas, even that was closed. " This is disappointing," he said; " for if wo wereonly in there, I think something might be done." " I believe I Iidow a way," said Mary, and led him to a place near, used for a wood shed. At the top of a great head of sticks and faggots was an opening in the wail, that had once been a window, or perhaps a door. "That, I know, is the wall of the tower," she said; " and there can be no difficulty in getting through there. Once in, it will be easy to reach the hail—that is, if the door of the tower is not locked." In an instant Joseph was at the top of the heap, and through the opening, hanging on, and feeling with his feet. He foand footiug at no distance, and presently Mary was beside him. They draoended softly, and foand the door into the hall wide open. "Can yon tell me what window Is that" whispered Joseph "jaat above the top of the wall?" "Icannot," answered Mary. "X never could go abont this house as I did about Mr. Red main's; my lady always looked so fierce if she saw me trying to understand the place. Bat why do yon ask ?" " Ton see the flickering of a fire ? Oonld it be Mr. Redmain's room ?" " I canBot tell. X do not think it. That has no window in this direction, so far as I know. Bat I could not be certain." " Think how the stairs turn as yon go np, and hew the passages go to the room. Think in what direction yon look every corner you tnrn. Then you will know better whether or not it might be." Mary was silent, and thought. Xn her mind she followed every tarn she hod to take from she moment she entered the honse till she got to the door of Mr. Redmain's room, and then thought how the windows lay when she entered it. Her conclusion was that one side of the room muBt be against the hall, bat she oonld re member no window in it. " But," she added," I never was in that room when I was here before, and the twice I have now been in it I was too much occupied ;to take much notice of things about me. Two windows, I know, look down into a quiet little corner of the courtyard, where there is an old pump covered with ivy. I remember no other." " Is there any way of getting on the top of that wall from thie tower ?" asked Joseph. "Certainly there is. People often walk ronnd the top of those walls. They are more than thick enough for that." " Are yen able to do it," "Tea, quite. I have been ronnd them more than once. Bat I don't like the idea of looking in at a window." " Mo more do I, miss; but yon mast remem ber, if it is his room, it will only be yonr eyas going where the whole of you has a right to be; and if it Bhould not be that room, they have driven yon to it; such a necessity will jnstify it." "Ton mnst be right," answered Mary, and turning led the way up the stair of the tower, and through a gap in the wall out upon the top of the great walls. It was a sultry night. A storm was brooding between heaven and earth. The moon was not yet np, and it was so dark that they had to feel their way along the wall, glad of the. protection of a fence of thick ivy on the outer side. Look ing down into the court on one hand, and aoross the hall to the lawn on the other, they saw no living thing in the light from various windows, and there was little danger of being discovered. In the gable was only the one window for which they were making. Mary went first as better knowing the path, also as having the better right to look in. Through the window, as she went, she conld see the flicker, bat not the fire. All at once came a great blaze. It lasted bnt a moment—long enough, however, to let them see plainly into a small aloset, the door of which was partly open. " That is the room, I do believe," whispered Maty. "There is a closet, bnt I never was in it." " If only the window be not bolted!" returned Joseph. The same instant Mary beard the voice of Mr. Redmain call in a tone of annoyance— " Mary! Mary Mars ton! I want yon. Wha is that in the room? Damn yon! who are yon ?" " Let me pass yon," said Joseph, and, making her hold to the ivy, here spread on to the gable, he got between Mary and the window. The blaze was gone, and the fire was at its old flicker. The window was not bolted. He lifted the sash. A moment, and he was in. The next, Mary was braids him. Something, known to her only as an impnlse, induced Mar? to go softly to the door of the closet, and peep into the room. 8he saw Hesper, as she thought, standing—side-ways to the closet—by a chest of drawers invisible from the bed. A candle stood on the farther side of her. She held in one hand the tambler from which, repeatedly that evening, Mary had given the patient his medicine; into,.this she was ponring, with an appearance of care, something from a small dark bottle. With a sndden snspicion of fool play, Diary glided swiftly into the room, and on to where she stood. It was Sepia! She started with a smothered Bhriek, turned white, and almost dropped the bottle; then, seeing who it was, recovered herself. But each a look as she cast on Mary! such a fire of hate as throbbed out of those great black eyes 1 Mary thoagbt for a moment she would dart at her. But she turned away, and walked swiftly to the door. Jossph, however, peeping in behind Mary, had caught a glimpse of the bottle in her hand; he sprang after her, and, thanks to the fact that she had locked the door, was in time to snatch it from her. She turned like a wild beast, and a terrible oath came hissing as from a feline throat. When, however, she saw, not Mary, bat the unknown figure of a powerful man, she turned again to the door, and fled. Joseph shot and locked it, and went back to the closet. Mary drew near the bed. " Where have you been all this time ?" asked the patient queruionsly; " and who was that went ont of the room just now ? What's all the hurry about ?" Anxious he should neither be frightened nor acnoyed, Mary replied to the first part of his question only. "I had to go and tell a friend who was wait ing for me that I shouldn't be home to-night. But here I am now, and I will not leave you again." " How did the door come to be looked ? And who was that went out of the room ?" While he was thus questioning, Joseph crept softly out of the window; and all the rest of the night ho lay on the top of the wall under it. •« It was Miss Tolland," answered Mary. "What business has she in my room ?" "She shall not enter it again while I am here." " Don't let Mewks in either," he rejoined. " I heard the door unlock and look again; what did it mean ?" " Wait till to-morrow. Perhaps we shall find ont then." He was silent a little. " I mnst get out of this house, Mary," he sighed at length. " When the doctor comes, we shall see," said Mary. •' What! is the doctor coming P I am glad of that. Who sent for him ?" " I don't know; I only heard he Was coming." "Bat your lawyer, Mary—what's his name? —will be here first; we'll talk the thing over with him, and take his advice. I feel better, and shall go to sleep again." All night long Mary sat by him and watched. Not a step, so far as she knew, came near the door; certainly not a hand was laid upon the lock. Mr. Redmain slept soundly, and in the morning was beyond a doubt better. But Mary could not think of leaving him nntil Mr. Brett came. At Mr. Redmain's request she rang the bell. Mewks made his appearance with the face of a ghost. His master told him to bring his breakfast. "And see, Mewks," he added, in a tone of gentleness that terrified the man, so nnaccus tomed was he to snch from the mouth of his master—"see that there is enough for Miss Marston as well. She has had nothiug all night. Don't let my lady have any trouble with it. Stop," he cried, as Mewks was going, "I won't have you touoh it either—I am fastidious this morning. Tell the yonng woman they call Jemima to come here to Miss Marston." Mewks slunk away. Jemima came, and Mr. Redmain ordered ber to get breakfast for him self and Mary. It was done speedily, and Mary remained in the'sick- chamber nntil the lawyer 