Current News. BY TELEGRAPH AND OTHERWISE. CARRIERS are scarce in Roma. THE Meat-freezing Company will probably begin work at Poole Island, Bowen, in a short time. Ok SuDday (to-morrow) the Queensland Museum will be open from 2 o'olock in the afternoon till 6 o'olock. The Customs collections atßockhamptonfor the past quarter amounted to £22,986, being an in* crease of £3770 upon the corresponding quarter of last year. News has just been received at Port Darwin of the wreok of the steamer Ellangowan, belonging to the Palmenton Sugar Company, at Daly River. The crew were saved. Thk only death in the Dunwich Benevolent Asylum during the week ending 24th September wbs that of Catherine Condon, of phthisis, aged 28 yean, born County Tipperary, Ireland. The Premier of Victoria has intimated that the Government desired to close the session as early as possible, in order to give time for preparation on a number of subject* requiring practical legisation. It has been notified that, as his Excellency the Governor will be present at the athletic sports on Saturday (to-day), there will be no reception at Government House. The regular receptions will, however, be resumed the following week. The concert tendered last Wednesday night to Madame Carandini and her daughter was, both in respect of attendance and quality of per formances, a very great success. Miss Carandini was in excellent voice, and sang the various numbers allotted to her with much taste and finish. A bot named William Henry Baohs, who works at the theatre, was bitten on the hand by a small black snake on Sunday, whilst bathing in the creek near Kelvin Grove Bridge. His friends promptly removed him to the hospital, where he was successfully treated by the dis penser, Mr. Ward. A magisterial inquiry relating to the sup* posed murder of William PiUinger, whose mutilated body was found last Saturday morn, ing on the Broadwater-road, near Mount Gravatt, was commenced before the police- magistrate on Wednesday morning. The inquiry was oon* ducted by Inspector Lewis. The police authori* ties desire that the evidence shall not be pub* lished until the inquiry has been closed. An extensive fire took place in Flinders-lane, Melbourne, on Saturday night in a bluestone store, the ground floor of which was occupied by Messrs. Wilson and Croabie, wholesale grocers; while the upper two flats were occupied by Messrs. Saun* ders, Lazarus, and Co., fancy goods warehouse men. The contents were entirely destroyed. Wilson and Croabie were insured for £3000 in the Victorian Insurance Company, while Saunders and Lazarus were insured for £1000, but the loss of the latter is nearly £5000. The Viotorian revenue returns for the past quarter show an increase of £97,293 as compared with the corresponding term of last year. There has been a considerable increase in the Customs items, amounting in the aggregate to £66,838, of which £28,729 is represented by the ad valorem duties. The land-tax revenue has fallen off £8689 as compared with last September quarter, but the territorial revenue, including land sales, shows an increase of £15,200; and railway revenue increased £55,389. The total income for the past financial year amounted to £5,304,635, showing a clear increase of £799,609. Our immortal acquaintances, Reiner's and Stanley's diorama of the American War and the Russo-Turkish War are working around in thia direction once more. In July last they were exhibited under the management of Mr. Harry Stanley, at the Theatre Royal, Port Elizabeth ; and though the drain upon the people in con sequence of the Transvaal and Basuto wars has been very severe, Mr. Btanley is more than content with the business done. His visit to the diamond fields, although made in the midst of the rainy season, was, he reports, very satis factory. During the six months he has travelled in South Africa with the exhibition the receipts have averaged over £800 per month, an amount far in excess of any other entertainment that has been shown in that part of the world. A short time ago a board, consisting of two medical men and one layman, was appointed to in quire into certain disputes between the medical superintendent of the Woogaroo Lunatic Asylum (Dr. Smith) and the assistant superintendent (Dr. Lamb). It was understood that for some time previously misunderstandings had occurred between theso two gentlemen calculated to prove detrimental to the good government of the institution, and a board was accordingly appointed to hold an inquiry, and if possible put a stop to Buch an unsatisfactory fctate of things., The board have sent in their report to the Colonial Secretary, and it was of such a nature that Sir Arthur Palmer considered it desirable to suggest that both officers resign. This has been done, Dr. Lamb leaving the institution at once, and Dr. Smith only retaining office until his successor is appointed. At a special meeting of the School of Arts committee held this week we are informed that the offer of the Municipal Council, in reference to a free reading-room, was considered, and that it was finally decided to decline the proposal of the council. The School of Arts committee felt some regret at arriving at this conclusion ; but as the proposal of the council involved very con siderable additional expenditure without any sufficient equivalents, either in resources to themselves or in convenience to the public, they could see no other alternative. A counter pro position, however, has been made to the council. The School of Arts committee are prepared to set apart a room for the purpose of a free reference library, and to take charge temporarily of a library of standard work*, if placed in their hands by the council. In this way, by the expenditure of a few hundred pounds, a good commencement on a Bmall scale might be made, and the hope is that it might soon grow. The arrangement thus proposed ia somewhat more advantageous for the public than that suggested by the council, and we hope that something may be done towards the commencement of a really good free library—a great desideratum for this city. Alfred Nklmb, of Brisbane, wu on Wednesday adjudged insolvent Bishop Stanton left Townaville the other day for Sydney, where he is about to attend the Synod. A Scotch distillery company has erected at Sandridge (Via) a plant capable of producing 2000 gallons of spirits per week. Mb. Skuthobpe has offered the entire discovery of artioles in oonneotion with Dr. Leiohhardt to the Victorian Government for £6000. The offsr has been declined. A close investigation into the circumstances connected with the seizure of the barque Hope* fol under the Cedar Duty Act is now being con* ducted by sub-colleotor Hughes, of Townsville. It is reported that Morgan and party, of Mount Wheeler, have had a second crushing of stone from their claim, which has resulted in a yield of 109oz. of gold for 25 tons of quartz, or more than 4oz. to the ton. At the annual meeting of the West End Cricket Club, held in Ipswich one night last week, Mr. J. P. Smith offered a bat to the player who should make the highest number of " ducks" in first-class matches during the ensuing season. Thk want of rain still continues in the northern farming districts of South Australia, and oases are reported where the crops have become in j ured beyond the possibility of recovery. Over a large area of country also the wheat plant is feeble, and must soon succumb unless there is rain, Thr immigrant barque Sir William Wallaoe, from London, vid Plymouth, arrived off Towns ville on Saturday' morning, after a passage of ninety-nine days from Plymouth. She brings a total of 283 souls, equal to 275J statute adults. The nationalities are—B3 English, 21 Scotch, 176 Irish, and 8 from other countries. The lesseesof the Theatre Royal are determined to keep up its reputation. They have arranged with Mr. Dewhurst,the well-known Shakspeanan aotor, who will open on Monday in " Richelieu." We have had some weeks of high-class comedy and modern drama, and now we are promised Shakspeare. This is as it should be, and it is to be hoped the public will do their share towards maintaining the character of our local stage. Courts for registration and revision were held at the City Police Court on Tuesday, in accord ance with the Electoral Rolls Aot of 1879. The districts dealt with were South Brisbane, Forti tude Valley, Enoggera, Oxley, and that portion of the electorate of Bulimba that is in the police district of Brisbane. In each case the quarterly list was revised, and 40 new names were entered qn the register for the South Brisbane electorate, 41 for Fortitude Valley, 71 for Enoggera, 4 for Oxley, and 8 for Bulimba. " Puvoh" appears this month, if not in a new drees, at least in a different overcoat—a tinted, cover. Tlie new number is as usual a good one. The cartoon would be more intelligible if the likenesses had been recognisable ; Sir Arthur may be guessed at, but the black moustaohed in-Mvi* dual in the background has not the least resem blance to the Premier. To make amends how ever, a speaking likeness of the Mayor, Mr. Sinclair, is published as a supplement. The letterpress is decidedly above the average, and the introduction to the third volume, imitated from the annual preface to London Punch, is very humorous. One story entitled " A Slight Confusion," is the best thing of its kind thathas appeared recently. Thu Palmer Chnnicle of the 24th ultimo says :—" Mining affairs are decidedly on the turn for the better, and owners of claims are becoming sanguine of the future. Several shows which have long been abandoned are being looked after, and those which have been taken up are turning out fairly. The old trouble, water, is still the bite noir, and always must prove a dangerous opponent to our mining in dustry. The hope of besting the water, even in the dry season, seems as far off as ever, and the greatest energy and skill are powerless to over come the inflow at a depth. We know full well that sooner or later the necessary appliances must be introduced here, as events point to the fact that the Palmer goldfield is slowly bnt surely gaining in southern favour, and surplus «*pit»l ia certain of finding profitable employ*' ment on the field." The following is a summary of the observations taken at the meteorological station, Brisbane, during the month of September last:—"The weather has been cooler than usual during the month, the mean shade temperature, 661° being o*9° under the average of this month for the pre vious ten yean, and 24* under the previous three yean. The highest reading in shade, 85°, was on the 13th ; the lowest on grass, 44°, was on the morning of the sth. The highest baro metric reading, 30'466in., was at 9 p.m. on the 7th, and the lowest, 29'610in., at 3 p.m. on the 23rd. The mean barometric reading, 30'094in., is 0 015 in. over the average of the month. Rain fell on twelve days; the total fall, 251 in., being o's4in. over the average of the month for the previous ten years. The greatest fall in the twenty-four hours, ODlin., was on the Ist. The total rainfall for the year 1881 to September 30th was 23'51in., on ninety* two days. Not a week has passed (writes our Oympie cor* respondent) during the past month but there have been several serious or fatal accidents to add to the sad list, and this is no exception to those that have preceded, two more deaths having oc curred from accidental causes this week. A young child, son of Mr. G. Mathers, has died from swallowing carbolic acid; and a fatal accident occurred on Saturday to a man named John Nevin, an old resident on the field. He had gone out into the bush some four miles from Gympie to bring in a load of timber, and while engaged in conversation with a man named Cassidy, who had just previously felled a tree, a heavy limb from another tree fell upon him and crushed him to the earth ; his son, a lad of 10 years, who was sitting beside him, was also struck, but it being merely a glancing blow he was but little hurt. As soon as possible assist- ance was obtained, and the injured man brought in to Gympie, but he died a few minutes after reaching home, the spinal column having been broken. Deceased, who was over fifty years of age, leaves a wife and numerous family, several of them being grown up. A Queensland company has taken up a galena •election near Bowen. Mb. William Norton, head teacher of the State school, Townaville, died from consumption on Monday last The distribution of prizes in connection with the recent meeting of the Queensland Rifle An ■ooiation will take place on Tuesday next At a meeting held at Uughenden to consider the best route for a coach service to that place from Charters Towers, that vid Norwood was adopted without argument. Mb. Thynnb, whose name has been so long associated with theatrical enterprise in Brisbane, has retired from the management of the Theatre Royal, and Mr. J. B. Hiokie ia now the sole manager. The seoond annual exhibition of the New South Wales Art Society was opened at Garden Palace on Monday last, and was well attended. Lady Augustus Loftus was among the visitors. The exhibition contains many pictures of con- siderable merit. SAMUEL ASHTON, of Warwick and Stanthorpe, saddle and harness maker, was on Monday ad- judged insolvent upon his own petition. The firm of Samuel Ashton and Charles Longwill, saddle and harness makers, was also adjudged insolvent upon the petition of the former, the resident partner. THE following memorandum has been issued by the Electric Telegraph Department:—"Com- munication with Saigon, having been temporarily interrupted by the cutting of the Singapore Saigon cable for repairs, ia now restored. The Japanese lines are restored. Hongkong advises that the Siberian route is interrupted." THE manager for Messrs. Gibbs, Bright, and Co., the Brisbane agents for the British-India Company, received a cablegram on Saturday atternooii informing him that, in consequence of cholera at Aden, the mails will be placed on board the company's mail steamers at Suez, and in future the •teamen will go from thenoe direct to Colombo. This will be commenced by the Chyebassa, which left London on 26th Sep. tember for Moreton Bay, vid ports. It is with much regret we learn that Mr. Byfield, one of the reporters engaged for the session on the " Hansard" staff, is dead. The unfortunate gentleman waa suffering from pul monary consumption when he came from Sydney to Queensland, but hoped that the milder climate of this colony might check the progress of the disease. His anticipation* were not fulfilled, and his health not permitting him to continue the heavy work of gallery reporting, he left Brisbane for Toowoomba, where he died. He leaves behind him a reoently-married wife. Thk New South Wales revenue returns for the past quarter have been published with unexampled promptitude, and disclose a very large increase in almost every department The total revenue for the quarter is £1,700,062, being an in crease of £48,585 over the corresponding quarter of last year. The total revenue for the past three-quarters of the current year is £4,798,729, being an increase of £1,465,004 over the corres ponding nine months of last year. The Customs yielded an increase as compared with 1880 of £82,690 ; and the land revenue increased no less than £285,614, the total revenue being £621,912, an immense improvement taking place under all the different beads. Railways had increased by £76,259, and there waa an increase in the Poet Office returns of £81,469. The following item* of news are from the special cable message of the Sydney Morning Herald .—•" Reports have been received of a severe shock ef earthquake at Anatolia, a paahalio of Asia Minor. The casualties were serious. Eleven persons are known to have been killed.— The result of the harvest at Manitoba, a province of Canada, is considered very satisfactory, the yield being estimated at twenty-eight bushels to the acre.—The vintage in Portugal is very Bcanty this season.—The shipbuilders on strike at Sunderland are creating riots.—Pope Leo XIIL meditate* removing from Rome to take up his residence at Vienna.—Fearful tornadoes have occurred in various parts of America. They have occasioned great de struction of property, and many persons have been killed.—The immigration returns of New York for September show that 85,000 penons landed there from foreign ports during the month.—The price of sugar is advancing.—lt is believed that the fire which destroyed the bazaar at Moscow, and caused destruction of property to the value of 2,000,000 roubles, was the work of an inoendiary.—lntelligence haa been received of a mutiny of the men on board H.M.S. Rambler whilst at Maroulla (I)." A circular has been issued by the Hey. W. E. Hillier to " the Protestants of Peak Downs," which promises well for the future usefulness of that gentlemen, and at the same time plainly attests the nnion and friendly spirit prevailing among Protestants in that part of the colony. Mr. Hillier, in accepting an invitation which came through the Presbytery, heartily entreat ing him to undertake the pastoral office in that district, thus states bis intentions :—" My great desire is to bring together the apparent collection of disjecta membra of the Protestant Church into one compact body. We have an excellent com mittee of management—a body of catholic gen tlemen, who love the universal Church better than any section of it ; and, while professing different creeds, and subscribing to different forms of ecclesiastical government, are re solved to assist in refuting the charge of sectarianism levelled against us by a common foe. The English and Scotch Churches have coalesced, and now form one united body, and are acting on the aphorism of St. Paul, 'In things essential, unity ; in things indifferent, liberty; and in all things, charity.'" His object, he says, is to visit all the Protestants, collect them together, and form preaching stations, and he ia willing to share the field with a good man of any Church until a clergyman can be got who will come and work in the spirit of Christ, and preuh the Gospel of God's grace. " I do not," he says, " ask you to give me money, but Christ your heart; make Christ your first choice, and the Church will come next. I feel it superfluous to ask you to give. How can I refuse to give to that I lore ?' Were there more of this spirit among Christians —preacher* and laymen—there would be lees ignorance in the buab, and leas difficulty in raising funds to build churches and support ministers. Mb. James Cauiiicuael has been appointed clerk to the Booroodabin Divisional Board. In the readjustment of taxation, the Govern ment of South Australia propose to remit £30,000 duty on tea. The first wool sale at Port Adelaide was held last Tuesday. There was a large attendance of buyers, both colonial, English, and Continental. The Mining Department of Victoria has re ceived information that a rich reef, nearly lft. thick, haa been discovered 9ft. below the surface* near Beaufort. The stone is estimated to yield 20oz. to the ton. It ia stated in our telegrams that a number of splendid trophies have been presented by Aus tralian residents in London for the best averages and scoreß in the intercolonial cricket match. No further particulars are given. The board of management of the Commercial Bank of Australia have decided to increase the paid-up capital from £350,000 to £400,000, by the issue of 12,500 shares to the present share* holders at 30a. premium each. A portion of the programme of the Olen Innes Race Club for its meeting in January next appears in our advertisement columns. It came to hand too late for notice in the sporting de partment, but will no doubt be reviewed by " Hermit" next week. Intense heat, accompanied with high winda and clouds of dust, has been the general order. The country is parched, with little vegetation anywhere, and stock are experiencing hard times near the centres of population. Tho river has fallen considerably recently, and unless rain comes—chaoß.— Palmer Chronicle. About twelve Chinese were brought into town late last week (says the Palmer Chronicle of the 17th instant), from the lower workings of the Palmer, and safely lodged in the lock-up. They refused to pay for licenses ; and whether inca pable or otherwise, remained in durance vile until released by compassionate or interested country men. The friends of the Hon. Mrs. J. P. Bell, and of Mrs. S. B. Terry, of thi*B town, will be inte rested to learn (says tho Wide Bay News) that their uncle, the ltev. A. J. D. D'Oreey, of King's College, London, has been awarded the medal of the Royal Spanish Academy of Madrid for his poem on Calderon—the Spanish Shakspeare— upon the occasion of the Calderon bi-cetitenary, held with great demonstration in Madrid. The Olatgow Herald says :—" Some of Mr. D'Orsey's contemporaries may remember his poetical trans lations of the Qreek and Roman poets in Sand ford's and Ramsey's classes at the university long ago. He gained also Prince Albert's medal at Cambridge in 1860, appearing as the successor of Bulwer, Tennyson, and Macaulay." Mr. D'Orsey was some time English master in the High School of Glasgow, and is brother of the late Dr. D'Oraey, of Ipswich. The Aramac Mail of 17th September says : — " Qeneral Feilding has taken in his journey a somewhat different route from that taken by Mr. Watson. Mr. Watson, it will be remembered, went by both Blackall and Aramac on his route from Tambo to Muttaburra. The General, it appears, crossed the Barcoo at Avington, whence he proceeded to Barcaldine, and from that station to Rodney Downs, and so to Muttaburra. We hear that it is his intention to return via Aramao and BlackalL We strongly suspect, however, that when he discovers the extreme scarceness of both timber and water, and the other drawbacks to close settlement, he will advise his friends to have nothing to do with the Transcontinental venture, and will himself return to the old country by the route most convenient for him self." The polioe, no matter how efficient and zealous, cannot (says the Hodgkinton Miner) be every where at once, and it is often a difficult matter to track criminals, who know the bush equally as well as their pursuers, and thus the Crown is ofttimes put to great expense in apprehending and prosecuting criminals of this class. Our mail contractor misßed two valuable horses in March last. Rewards were offered and every in« quiry made, but without effect until last week, when Mr. Murphy found one of his missing horses in the possession of a Chinese packer, who, on being questioned, produced a receipt drawn up in orthodox form and signed "James Car mod y." The horse was then demanded and given up to the Thorn borough police. The question then arose as to the particular Carmody " wanted," there being several decent men on thin fidld bearing that name. However, sergeant Breeua seemed to have reasons for thinking that the real Simon Pure would be found at Herberton, and despatched constable Clifford with a warrant on Monday morning last to that place. Curniody was arrested by the latter on the following day, ten miles beyond the township, and was safely lodged in the lockup here on Friday at noon. We have (says the Sydney Echo) evoked a ghost—at least it would seem so. Only the other day we intimated that we were Bighing to know what had become of Mr. Skuthorpe find the Leichbardt relics ; and behold ! more fortunate than Glendower and his spirits, he haa coma when we did call upon him, or, if not exactly come, we have heard of him, and our yearnings are partly satisfied. Not altogether satisfied, for we long to handle that teleccopo, to box tfeat compass, to contemplate the pages of that strangely- preserved diary. We are surprised to hear that it was only n matter of cash that prevented Mr. Skutborpe from coming to Sydney at first. We know than at first men whose names are known to him guaranteed that an adequate reward ehnuM be his when tho authenticity of tho relics had been proved. And yet Mr. Skutborpe say« that all he wants in cauh. The fact i-< that Mr. .Sku thorpe is too nv>oV*t. He ktiow-i wlmt a hrr<-> of the h"iir he would V.r, :ind !i.'>hfu!ly be made much of. Only lim would like to get, tho value of his discovery in moru-y. Does he expect the public to forward him £2000 or so, an.-l re ceive by return a telescope and compass '. he caußo, Buppo.-ting that tuny turned out n»-t to b« Leichhardt'p, what p. costly investment it would bo. Ever so much cheaper to buy ot.o at Y\n velle's. It is cruel of Mr. Skuthorpe to k»!»p in waiting so long, and tho relics muttt bo getting tired of it too. 