Shelved. ? 'Ho was satisfied to bo laid upon tho shelf ~ and would sit and support tho prosont Govern- ,i rnent so long as thoir measures deserved that 1 support; porhaps until old Homy and old Jack 1 died ho woidd never bo afford od a chunco to.tuko tho reins.'— Mr. J. S. Farnoll at- tho Kiuma 1 Agricultural Show. ' ' , ; Fahnell on tjie Shelf. Oh, the sun it shono brightly, - . ? ? \- : ; Kiania-was gay ; All tho bands in tho district ?- ? ???-.- ..'.v. Wero called upon to play. . / : And sweet strains of melody Hose in tho air, ' While pranced and curvotod Tho bravo' aud tho fair.. There woro racos for flyers . And solomn parades ; Thero wore prizos for gallants And prizos for maids ; ? Thoro was feasting in bower : . And dancing in hall, v.,-; And the wholo was wound up With a feed and a ball. . All the youth and tho boauty For twenty miles round, - : On tho spree in Kiama ' 'Woro certainly found. \- ; And the only sadfaco— So tho nowspapors toll ' Us — wag that of our excellent ; ' Friend, J. Farnoll. '? .s. ; At tho banquet thoHapcjrs ? \- . Burnt bright.in.thV rdbfiT;^ But Famoll sat at tablo \ Tho imago of gloom. *. . Alas 1 for tho James Wo. remember of yore; AlasJ!;' for the James ? Wo shall never see moro. . The clanging of glasses, Tho rattle of dolf, Then* stir not his bosom — '. He's laid on.tho shelf. Tho toast of tho ' Ouso ' Had been drunk Ci.tho.dross, v ; Aud Farnoll to responcli^ojt' V \ Rose on his legs. ' V .. ? But his voice it was hollow, His smile was a sham, And ho didn't soem worth — The conventional d ? n. ? Ho briefly and sternly . Replied to tho toast, \ Said lio didn't como down.thpr-f'* To call on tho Ghost. \\.\ . v - . That his strength it was failing,' His energy spent, : To bo laid on tho shelf Ho was almost contont. Then ho heaved a deep sigh, And sank into his seat Collapsod and dojectfed, 'Worn out, and dead'beat. -vA ; . ' ' ' \ \ ' - . Oh ! gone in his arbour, V And gone in his zest ; Once he'd talk for a wook ? Without stopping to rest. ' Now sot is tho sun ' Which so lately hath shono ; Alas 1 for his glory, Doparted and gone. 