QUEENSLAND NEWS Maiitbobotjgh, Monday. ine urammar School opened to-day. The head maater (Mr. Murdooh), made a speech on the occasion. Fifty boys and girls are already entered as scholars, BocK.nAm.tON, Friday. Tenders are oalled for the ereotion of a tele, phone between the Lake's Creek meat export works and the branch establishment in town.' ? Four amateur oarsmen proceed to Mary borough by the Ko'awarra to take part in the boat race. ,. - . The weather is fine. Abubtic Fuenmkub.— Mr. ThomW very artistic writing . table and cabinet, which attraoted BO.muob. attention at the exhibition, was raffled for laat night in 200 ohanoea of ten shillings eaoh. Mr. R. T. JefEerios was the' winner. ' ' Bowxino. — A return matoh c-tme off on the green last Saturday afternoon, between four players of North, and four of South Brisbane, when the former were the viotors by one point. Soore: 8outn7l7i North, 18. Mr. Barges' s' was umpire for South Brisbane, ana Mr. F. Crawford for tho North. ,' ? Robh Dat— This waa a Robe Day at the1 Supieme Court. Tho' judges were attired in their scarlet robes and bag wigs, tho latter im poBing head-dress boinu alao worn by the' AttorneyiGeneral and Mr. GrifiHb, 'Q.O. There was a good attendance of barristers, , but the other branch of the profession was not largely represented, . Only two ladies graoed the proceedings by their preaonce. There were also some half-dozen mon of leisure in the. gallery set apart for spectators. ? PnoiBBsos Pkmbh. — Mr. Pepper; hag de oidedly hit the taste of this town with hie latest entortainmont-i. Last night there was another fnll house and tho frequont applause testified to the pleasure which the performance yielded ? The professor alway mauagos to vary hia en tertainments either in hia Uotures or their illustrations, or both. Last night he exhibited' on the screen a new and beautiful collection of Btotuary, all of which wore groatly admired. Tho story of Pygmalion and Galatea was again told by means of ghoBt effeots to the bewildor ment and admiration of thoaei proaent. After the beautiful series of dioramio views of Olond land had been shown and thoroughly appre ciated, Professor Pepper introduced, a new ghost Bcene—' Tha Haunted ' Barbor,' a very funny and withal startling illusion, received by tha audienoe with great satisfaction. What that barber gooB through must be Keen to be believed No mortal barber oould survive such an experience as that of last night. Pepper'a Barber, howoyer, is quite a different sort of party, and ho will offer himself to be haunted again this evoning for the diversion of the people of Briabane. Professor Pepper his not yet exhausted his stock of statuary. He promises a fresh supply for to-night. Pyg malion and Galatea, and Oioudland will be given for the last timo. Thore iwill bo ? special ghoBt matinee on Saturday. ? ?? 