A GHOST AT NOONDAY. [From the London Poll Mail Gazette.] We have received the following extraordi- <*> nary narrative from a correspondent for where good faith and professional acuteness of obser- <*> vation we can vouch. He substantiates his story with fall details of *tea, ami, and places, which, however. Jar the-sake of the tnrvivert, he doe* not wish to be published. Without any further prefaoe.lTvUy his letter before our readers:— Aa my wife and I were sitting at breakfast with a guest, whom I will call Mr. A., then on a Tint for the first time to our house and neighborhood, oar maidiervant paved out of the room on her way to the kitchen. Aa ahe closed the door Mr. A. startled m* by wyi?g— *? I amw a spirit of a man following that woman, who, aa he pataed, said distinctly in my hear ing, ?God jodgetfa not as man judge*. I was imtwfirt of the murder for which I have been hanged. I was then, bat I did not atrike the blow.'" "What ia it like ?" I asked. He replied by describing a jocEg Irishman whom I recognised at once as the husband ot my dotuestia, who a year ar two before had been executed on the ckarge of murder. Mr. A, a complete etaanger to the locality, had only met me for the fint time two deja before, and he was totally ignorant of tbe crime in which my servant was so deeply in terested. For obvious reason* the subject w>s never to in our household, where tbe widow was regarded with feelings of sfbb p&tby;, which led us to avoid as roach as pos sible all reference to her hnsbaod's fa'e. I had previously good reason to doubt whether the evidence against him justified his execution. He tiad oied protesting Us innoeenee. His wife mnA frjp||flsw< prw^**"^J tfia.^ ?Itfoqgi£h he had beem in the fight, it was not by his hand the fatal blow had been dealt. In addition to thii. I bad good reason to believe that the real murderer waartill at Urge. Ton can easily imagice my aatoniihment when Mr. A. thus suddenly ventured upon forbidden ground, and abruptly declared thai the spirit of a man who bad suffered the capital penalty, and whose per sonal appearance ezaeUy coincided with that of the anfortanate Irishmac, was actually following the servant about the house pro claimirg his innocence in accents which, although inaudible to me, my guest de clared were perfectly audible to him. I had heard that Mr. A had been a ? seer," but I was not a little startled at this striking illustration of his peculiar faculty. I remarked that it was very strange, and in formed him that tbe woman whom be bad jestaeen for the first tide with her ghostly companion was really tbe widow of an executed felon. Borne time afterwards he irmlaimeil: ** There be is again, repeating tbe same words!? Intensely interested by this sudden and apparently anpembtaral confirmation of my auspicious, I determined to put tbe seership of my guest to what I regarded a* a crucial test. I told Mr. A. that shortly afterwards I was gang into town, and aa I should be passing the spot where the murder was oanunitted petbepa his ghostly visitant might indicate the place where tbe dead man by. Some time afterwards we started for the town. When we left the how* Mr. A. remarked, "There be is following us," alluding ti tbe "spirit." When we had proceeded part of the way along the road, which was quit* unknown to my friend, I made a detour.tomake a business call and went along another street, Mr. A. fallowing me. Just at, without a word on soy part, we were turning oat of the mua road, Mr. A. said, *? The spirit is standing at the comer. He says we are not geieg the right way towards tbe place where the reorder was com mitted, and which be has promised to point ont to me." I replied, " Oh, we shall come out in tbe main load again by-and-bye bet are we reach the spot." We proceeded on about a quarter of a mile, and having done ray butinec? and struck the main road again— which differed, I may rcmuk. fxom nose ot tbe otber nmOt we bad traversed—Mr. A. ?ecu after declared, "There is that mac ju?t on there, waiting far us." As we eantteaed our walk, I porposely refrained from vtterlcg a word, or even from MniAing, as far ai I conM??boatfi>e sD?rder,*o as to prcvoataoy possibilily of cay eompuion obtaining acy elne. Aswa wen passing through one of the lowest parts of the town Me. A. suddenly ex claimed.— MHe tells me ttatit waa here tbe murder was committed. It was just there (pointing to the place in the toad where tbe murdered man fell). I see the hnbbab and con fusion rise op before me as a picture, with the people round. He, however, again tells me that be did not strike Am fatal blew. He don not exsuse fiimtM fraan ti?inn znocmllj- gpOtf as being mixed op with tboM wi? sosMplitted the death of the man, but strongly maintains that he was net the murderer.'' I will on!y add in relation to the but incident that Mr. A. described the ?xaot spot whore ik* morder was committed, ?ad Om dronsMtanoes ia connexion therewith. How can you* account fortbat? Mr.A.bad?ereTba?niatbetoirn before; he had never lived wttbina couple of bandied mile* of it; be did not know till wiihin a daj or two before he arrived that he would ever visit it; be could not by any poi eibilityhav* knows that the poor woman in my employ was the widow of a man whowai hanged. He had ?o conMivable interest in deceiving mej&orwat; heooneemed toproieeate the matter any further. I have in vain at tempted to account for his story, nor can I on any of the popular hypotheses explain to my own satisfaction how he saw that ghost at noon- - day. That he did see ft he assured me muoh to my surprise, when no one expected any such revelation; and whatever be s?w. it certainly led him to the exact spot where the muderwas committed. 