POETRY. DESPAIR. By Aitmp Tihhyboh. [From thg Sinetttnih Cmiury] A Dramatic Mokologo*. [A turn and hl« wife having lost faith In a God Mid hope of » Uf« to come, end being utterly miserable in this, resolve to end themselves by drowning. The woman la drowned, bnt the man la rescued by a minister of the sect he had abandoned.] i. la it yon, that preach'd in the chapel there looking over the sand, ' Followed natoo that bight, and dogg*d us, and drew me to land 1 n. . What did Z feel that night 1 Yon are cartons. How .should I tellf. , Does it matter ao much [what' I felt! Yon rescued me—yet—waatt well That1 you oame nnwlsh'd for, uncall'd, between me and • thedeep and my doom Three.daya sinoe,'three more dark days of the Godlaaa gloom. Of a life without aun, without health, without hope, without any delight In anything here upon earth? bnt ah'God, that night, thetblgbt '■ When the rolling eyes of the lighthouse there on the fatal neck Of land running out into rock—they had saved many hundreds from wreck— . 'Glared on odr way toward death, I remember I thought ub we pan ' Does It matter how many they saved f wo are all of us wteck'd at last— " Do yon fear," and there oame thro' the roar of the breaker a whisper, a breath , "Fear? ami not'with yon?' I 'am'frighted at lUe not death." j t> . i lit :: : ■ And the suns of the limitless Universe sparkled and shone in the sky. , Flashing with tires as of God, ,bnt]we knew that their light was a lie Bright as with deathless hope—bnt,] however [they sparkled and shone, The dsrk little worlds running round them were worlds of woe like our own No sonlin the heaven above, no sonl on the earth below, A fiery scroll written over with lamentations and woe. ' IT. See, we were nursed in the dark night-fold of your fatalist creed. And we turn'd to the growing dawn, we had hoped for .a dawn Indeed. When the light of a Sun that was coming would scatter the ghosts of the Past, And the cramping creeds that had madden'd the peoples would vanish at last, And we broke away from the Christ, our human brother and Irlend, For He spoke,' or it seem'd that He spoke, of a Hell without help, without end. V. • Hoped for a dawn and it oama, bat the promise had faded away; We had passed from a cheeriest night to the glare of ' drearier day; He is only a clond and a smoke who was once a pillar of fire, The guess of a worm in the dost and the shadow of its desire— ; Of a worm as it writhes in a world of the weak trodden down by the strong. Of a dying worm in a world, all massacre, murder, and wrbag._ vt ■ > O trepoor orphans of nothing—alone on that lonely . Bern of the Brainless Bstore.who knew not that .yrhic)k she bore I „ ' Trusting ho longer that earthly newer would be heavenly fruit— \- Come from the ;brute, poor souls—no souls—and to die with the brute— vn.' Hay; lint I am not claiming your pity; I know you of old—. Small pity for those that have ranged from the narrow Where yon'bswl'd the "dark side of your faith and a Cod of eteVnsl rage, Till yonflucgus back on ourselves, and <the human heart, iandthe Age. . ■ vni.■ ' Bet-Pity—ths Pagan held it a vloe—was in her and ■ inane, Helpless,taking the place.of^he pitying God that should be!, . Ipr aU that aches in the grasp o) an idiot power, plty fOr our own delves km an earth that bore not a flower, ' ' Pity for all that suffers on land or in air or the deep. And pity for our own selves till we iong'd for eternal . sleep. . i. • , IX. " lightly step over the sands! the waters—you hear ' them call I life with Its anguish, and horrors, and errors—away ' with it all r And she laid her hand In my own—she was always loyal and sweet Till iiie points of the loam in the dusk came playing about our feet. There was a strong sea-current would sweep us ont to ' the main. " Ah God" tho* I felt as I spoke I was taking the name In vain— . . " Ah <}od" and are tnm'd to each other,.we klaa'd, we embraoed, she and 1. Snowing the Irnvews were used to believe everlasting ' would die: 1 ' We had read their know-nothing books and we lean'd to the darker side—. Ah God. should we find Him, perhaps, perhaps, If we died, 11 we died; We never had found Him on earth, this earth is a fatherlpaS Hell— "Dear love, for ever and ever, for ever and ever farewell," Never a cry so desolate, not sinoe the world began! Never a kiss so sad, not Unoe the coming of man, Bat the taiwi wive out me ashore, and yon saved ma, a valueless life. Not a grain ofgruitikdo mloo 1 Too bare parted the mao from the wife. I am left alone on tlte land, uU la nil alone In the II a curve meant ought, I wouldcurae yOus». „0j baring tot me be. Visions of youth—for my brain wai drank with the water, it teems; I had put latoperfect unlet at length ontof pleasant dreams, And the transient trouble of drowning—what was It when match'd with the palne Of the helllah heat of a wretched life roahlng back thro'the veinal Xn. 'Why should I live? one ion had forged cm hie father ; < and fled, ■ And It 1 believed In a God I would thank Him, the other U dotd« And there wu a baby-girl, that hsdnever loA"d on • the light: ■ * Bappleataheof ue all, for ahe put from the night to thenight. pan. But the crime. If a crime, of her eldest-born, her glory, her bout, Struck bard at the tender heart of the mother, and " brtike It almost; Tho" name and fame dying out for ererln endlees time, Does it matter 10 much whether crown'd for a virtae or hang'd tor a crime T XIV. And rolb'd by Mm, by him, I stood there, naked, amass d In a world of arrogant opulence, fear'd myself turn ing erased And I would not be mock'd in a madhouse 1 and ahs, the delicate wife. With a grief that could only be cured, if cured, by the surgeon's knife— xv. Why should we bear with an hour of torture, a moment of pain, If every man die for ever, If all his griefs are in vain. And the homeless planet at length will be wheel'd thro' the sllenoe of epaoe, Motherless evermore of an ever-vanishing race, When the worm shall have writhed italast, and its last brother worm will have fled From the dead forall skull that is left In the rocks ef an earth that Is dead { XVI. Have I onctd myself over their horrible Infidel writ ings! . Oyea, For these tie the new dirk ages, you aee, of the popular Freaa, When the bat comet ont of hie cave, and the owlt are •hooping at noon, And Doubt & the lord of thla dnnghtll and crowe to the enn and the moon, Till the Son and the Moon of our adence are both of them turn'd into blood. And hope will have broken her heart, running after a shadowof good; For their knowing and know-nothing booka are acatterid from hand to hand— We have knelt in your know-all chapel too looking over the sand. xvn. What! I should call on that Infinite Love that has served nato well! Infinite wickedness rather that made everlasting Hell, blade us, foreknew ua, foredoom'd ua, anddoea what he will with bit own; Better our dead brute mother who never haa heard na groan! xvra. Hell? if the souls of men were'immortal, as men have been told, The lecher would cleave to his [lasts and the mlaer would yearn for his gold, And so there were Bell for ever 1 bnt were there a God aa you aay. His Love would have power over Hell till it utterly ' vanlah'd away. XIX Ahyet—Ihave had some glimmer, at times, in my gloomiest woe, Of • God behind all-after all—the great God for . aught that 1 know; But the God of Love and of Hell together—they cannot be thought. If there be such a God, may the Great God curve him and bring him to nought! . XX. Blasphemy! whoae ie the faultf is it mine! for why would you save A madman to vex you with wietched words, who la heat in his grave! Blasphemy ! ay, why not, being damn'd beyond hope of grace! O would I wen yonder with her, and away from your faith and your face! Blasphemy I true! I have soared you pale with my scandalous talk, Bnt the blasphemy io my mind lies all In the waythat you walk. TXT. Hence! she is gone! can' I stay! can I breathe divorced from the Fast! Ton needs must have good lynx-eyes if I do not escape you at last. Onr orthodox coroner donbtless will find It a fdo-de-se, And the stake and the cross-road, fool, if you will, doos it matter to me ! 