Tile 9Iy$fte*iorig Organist. A Legend of the Rhine. Kind hearts are third time coronets, And simple faith tStwi Norman blood. Years' ago, at a grand old cathedral overlooking the Marne, there appeared a mysterious organist. The great composer who had played the organ so long had suddenly died, and everybody, from the king to the peasant, was wondering who could be found to fill his place. One bright Sunday morn, as the sexton entered the church, he saw a stranger sitting at the crape shrouded organ. He was a tall graceful man, with a pale but strikingly handsome face, great black melancholy -eyes, and hair like a raven wing for gloss and colour, sweeping in dark waves over his shoulders. It's did not seem to notice the sexton, but went on playing ,- and such music as he drew from the instrument no worth can describe. The" astonished listener declared that the organ seemed to have grown human-that it wailed and sighed and clamoured. When the music at length ceased, the sexton- hastened to the stranger and said " Pray, who are you, sir ? ' " Do not ask my name," he replied. " I have heard that you are in' want of an organist, and save come here on trial;" "You'll be sure to get the place," exclaimed the sexton. " Why, you' surfaces him that's dead and" gone, sir." "To, nervous vern to me," resumed the stranger, with a sad smile ;. and then, as if disinclined to conversation, he turned from old Hans and began to play again. And now the music changed from a sorrowful strain to a grand old ocean, and the mysterious organist, Ij'ioklng appeared, full of Grace, ' Prayed till form a flaps? place saint's Jloo smote him on Um fray, and his countenance seemed not unlike that of Saint Michael, as portrayed by- Qvtido, Lost in the hall monies which swelled around him he sat with his far-seeing gaze fixed on the distant sky-a glimpse of which he caught through an open window when there was a stir about the ostrich, and a royal party came, sweeping in. Among them might be seen a young girl, with blue eyes Hire the violet hue, and lips like wild cherries. This was the Princess Elizabeth, and all eyes turned to her as she seated herself in the velvet cushioned pew appropriated to the court. No sooner had the music reached her ears than she started as if a ghost had crossed- her path. The bloom faded from her cheek, Her lips quivered, and her whole frame grow tremulous. At list her eyes met those of the organist, in a long yearning, look and then the melody lost its joyous notes; are once more waited auefsighod and clamoured. "By my faith," whispered the king to his daughter, " this organist had a master band Hark ye, he shall play at your wedding !" The pale lips of the princess parted, but sire could not speak abo was dumb with grief. Like one in a painful dream, she saw the young man at the organ, and heard the melody which filled the vast edifice. Aye, full well she knew who he was, and why the rush account Boomed breathing" but the agony of a tortured heart. When the service was over, and the royal party had left the cathedral), he stole away arr-mysto rmusly rib he had come. He was not seen' again, by the sexton until the vesper hour, and then he appeared in the organ loft and Commenced his task. While he played in veiled figure glided in and knelt near the air iii'). There she knelt till the worshippers dispersed, when the Boston touched her on the shoulder, and said : " Madame, every one has gone except you and me, and I wish to close the door." " I am not ready to go yet,'.' was the reply ;: " Jews me-leave me I" The Boston drew back into a shady niche, and watched and listened. The mysterious organist still kept his place, but his head was bowed upon the instrument, and he could not see the lone devoted. At length she rose from the babies, and, moving to the organ loft, paused before . the musician t "Bertram !" she murmured. Quick as thought the organist raised his head. There, with the light of a lamp suspended to the arch above falling upon her, stood the princess who had graced the loyal pew that day. The courted era- of velvet, with its soft ormino trimmings, the tiara, the necklace, the bracelets, had been unchanged for a gray serge robe and a long thick veil, which was now pushed back from the. fail git Huh. face. " Oh, Elizabeth, Elizabeth !" ejaculated the-' organist), as he sank at her feet, and gazed wistfully, into our troubled eyes. " Why are you here, Bertram ?" asked the pi incest). "It came to bid you farewell and as I dared not venture into the palace I gained access to the cathedral by bribing the bell-ringer, and, having taken the seat of the dead organist, let' my music bredbo out the adieu I could not trust nay. lips to utter." A low moon was choruses, and he continued : " You are to be married on the morrow?'" "Yes," sobbed the girl. "Oh, Bertram, what a trial it will be to stand at yonder as far and take upon me the vows which will deem me to a living death !" " Think of me," rejoined the organist. " Your loyal author' has requested me to play at the wedding and I have promised to be here. If I were your equal I could hit the bridegroom instead of the organist ; but a poor musician must give you up," " It is like reading body and rent asunder to part with you," said the girl. To-night I tell you this tell you how fondly I love you but in a few hours it will be a sin. Go, go, and God bless you !" She waved him from her, as if she would banish him while she had the power to do so. And he, how was it with him He rests leave her, their crime buck, held her to his heart in one lot); embrace, and, with a half-smothorod fared well, lost her. The next morning dawned in cloudless Bph colour, and at an early hour the cathedral was thrown open, and the sexton began to pre- pare for the brilliant wedding. Placier coloured., flowers w and by the wayside ; flame-coloured leaved came rushing down from the trees, and. lay sidelight heaps upon the ground and the ripe wheat waved like a golden sea, and berries drooped in red and purple clusters over the rocks, along the Rhine. At length the palace gates were opened, and the royal party appeared, escorting the Princess KhV.ulsohh to the cathedral where- her marriage, was to be solemnized, It was a brave pageant ;, far brighter than the untrained foliage and bros, hours wine the tufts of plumes which floated from, stately heads, and the festal robes that streamed down over the housings of the superb steeds. But the princess, mounted on a snow-white. 1 palfrey, and clad in snow-white Velvet, looked pale and sad and when, on nearing. the church, she heard a gush of organ music, which, though, jubilant in sound, struck on Lor ear like 11 funeral knell, she trembled, and would have fallen had not a page supported her, A few moments afterwards she entered the cathedral. There, with his retinue, stood the bridegroom whom she had never before seen But her glance proved from him, to the organ loft, where she had expected to face the mysterious organist. He was gone and she was obliged to return the graceful bowe of the king,, to whom she had been betrothed from motives, of policy. Mechanically she knelt at his side on the altar stone ; mechanically Listened to the service and made the responses. Then her husband drew her to him in a convulsive embrace, and whispered : " Elizabeth, my queen, my wife, look up !" Trembling in every limb, she obeyed. Why did those dark eyes thrill her so ? Why did that smile bring 3 glow on her cheek ? Ah 1 though the king was the purple, and many a jewelled order glistened on his Weast, he seemed the same humble. person who had been employed to teach organ music, and had taught her the love of love. "Elizabeth.,"' murmured the monarch, " Bertram Hoflcam, the mysterious organist, and King Oscar are one Forgive my stratagem. I wished to marry you, but I would not drag to the altar- an unwilling bride. Your father was in the secret." While tears of joy rained from her blue eyes, the now-made queen returned her husband's fond kiss, and for once two hearts were made happy by a royal marriage Argonaut. A DOCTOR sent back a coat that didn't fit him to his tailor. A few days afterwards they met at a funeral, when the tailor, pointing to the c flin, solemnly said, "Ah I doctor, you're a for- tunate man ; you never have any of your bad work returned on your hands," 