iimow. ADAM HIMSELF SPEAKING: Br Max Adi/ek. 'I it4.de up my mind, said th9 reporter, ' that if the ghost over appeared in my bed-room again I would overeomo my fears and speak to it, instead of bury ing my head under tho covers, as I did tho first time. Well, sir, Euro enough, tho next liigbt. exnotly nt eloven, I heard a faint noise by the bsd, and I looked around. There fat the speotre in the choir. I sat right up and said, with Eomo firmness, although my voico trembled : ' Who aro you 1' 'I am nobody in particular now,' said tho ghost, '.but I was Adam.' 'Adam who?' ' Had no family name. , Thero was but ona family of us, and they all know me. I was the first man, you know. Tou . must havo heard of me.' . 'Yes, indeed,' says tho reporter. 'I'm sorry I can't shako hands,' said tho gho3t, ' but you might as well try to shake bunds with a fog bank as with me. It's not sociable, I know, bus I can't help it.' ' Oh, never miud, ' said tho reporter ; 'I'm glad to soe you, all the same.' ' Tour name is Johnson, ain't it P' asked tho spectre'. ' No, my namo is Jackson,' replied the reporter. ' Pshaw 1' said the ghost. ' ' I was look ing for a man named Johnson ; but my eyesight is eo bad that I couldn't read your door-plate distinctly. Tbo worst of it, too, I oau't wear spaotaclos ; nothing is sub stantial enough to bi-ch thum to. I wish some of you people would invent an eyeglass that oan be worn by near-sighted ghosts. You would oonfer a genuino benefaction on (he-folks in the othor world.' ' What waa your business with Johnson? Perhaps I oan — ' ' Well, in the first piece, I understand that he is one of a committee appointed to got up a statuo of mo in tho City oi Elmira. I have been in to see that statue, and I want to ask Johnson where he got tha idea that I ueod to wear » straw bat and whiskers. I want to kuow, also, what authority he has for giving mo a Roman nose.' ' Hadn't you ono of that kind ?' ' Why, man, the Romans hadn't intro- I ducsd tbat variety of nose in my timo 1 And Johnston has had mo represented with a huge serpent lying at my feet. Now, what was the use of bringing up painful rumiui sccnoos of that kind? Why not let the matter drop ? Hangsd if I like it 1' ' It's an outrage I' 'Botwoen ourselves,' said the speotre, looking his miBly fingers over his knee, 'I don't think much of tho statue business anyhow. Do ynu know what thoy did ? Too stingy to make a fresh pieoe of sculpture out of a fresh piece of marble, they bought up a seaond hand statue of Benjamin Franklin at auotion and hired a- man to work it over into mo. Doesn't look a partiole like me. Aud, anyhow, Franklin was no kind of a man to make me out of. Greohbacker or something, wasn's he 1' ' We consider him quite respectable.' ' Another thing I want with JohnBon is to see if I oan't make arrangements with somo reliable Spiritnalastio medium. I've been orowded out in the oold for about 4000 years, with no ohanoe to participate in anything. Now, I'm the man tbat started this world. I gave it a send-off, and it really does seem hard that I oan't even express my views in a newspaper, or defend myself from this calummy, just because I happen to be dead ; now, doean't it ?' 'Very hard, but wa didn't think you took any interest in euoh things.' ' Certainly. I often feel as if I'd like to express an opinion about tho tariff, or the elections, or the buzzard dollar, or popular education, or something of that kind; and then, of course', Eve wants to hoar every thing about tho fashions. I wish there was some way for a g£ost to s».ve a little money, so tbat I'd subscribe to' a fashion journal or two just to quiet her! Do you know of auything I could get at?' ' How would it do to mako an engage ment at tho theatre to appear as the ghost of Hamlet's father or the ghost of Banquo ?' ' it doesn't strike mo v«ry favourably. It might be considered rather undignified in the father of n race to be hanging around among scene-shifters and fiddlers. Beside, they have too much light on tbe stage for me ; I can't got into sbapo unless there is absolute darkness. And then, you know, I'd be exposed to insult. Whoa wo hear a cock crow we are obliged to flit Now, suppose, right in the middle of performance, some miserable boy should crow. Even if I know it was a false alarm I would be so unnerved that I couldn't go on, but most likely I'd vanish a3 soon as I heard it just from force of habit. No, the proposition doesn't strike me. Seems un fair, though, doesn't it, that a man who owned tho entire earth can't oall a dollar hi3own?' 'If aamall Joan will be of any servioe to you, I will gladly — ' said the reporter. 'You're mighty kind; but hero, you see, we encounter another difficulty. Where'm I going to put a dollar when I get it? I haven't a pocket about me that'll hold a cent. Young' man, a ghost has no ohance at all. Keep out of the business as long as you can.'.' The reporter said hp should. ' And now I really must be going. The sun rises so disgustingly early at this time of year. I think I shall go around to morrow night and haunt Johnson, if I can find him. If you should happen to see him I wish you'd mention it to him, so as to prepare his mind. Peoplo are always scary at first with us. Perfect nonsense, too 1 Put your hand out and feel mo. Don't you' see ? you can stir all around insido of mo, just as if I wasn't there.' 'Wonderful,' said the reportor, ' very wondorful. I never believed in ghoats before. The oddest thing is that you, who lived so long, should take an interest in modern politios.' 'But I do, though,' said tho spectre. ' Perhaps you will be willing to tell me if you are in favour of Hancock or Gar — ' Just at this ju'noturo, the reportor said, a cock crew in the yard below, and the ghost of Adam suddenly vanished. It was most unfortunate, too, for his politioal opinions would have been interesting. 