ASHBY WESLEYAN SUNDAY SCHOOL. Tho 9th November, 1SS1, will long bo remembered by the Wesleyansof Ashby, in connection with the interesting ceremony of laying the memorial stone of their proposed new building, designated the Raikes Centen ary Sunday School. The happily conceived idea of inviting Mrs Turner, a name identified with and honored in Methodism throughout Australia, to perform the ceremony, added greatly to the interest of the occasion. The devotional exercises were commenced by the Rev. E. S. Bickford giving ont the 992nd hymn, offering an appropriate prayer, and reading the Slth Psalm. In a brief but felicitous speech the rev. gentleman con gratulated all present on the auspicious character of the proceedings, and tho speedy realisation of their wishes and efforts to supply a want long felt in Ashby, that of having a Sunday school building. He stated the building would be opened in January, and free of debt, and that already the sum of £300 was in hand. Ho apologised for the unavoidable absence, through sickness, of the Rev. J. Harcourt, and concluded by calling on Mr Martell, the superintendent. In a brief address Mr Martell, in thanking Mrs Turner for her courtesy in acceding to the Committee's request, said that the mallet he had been deputed to present that lady had a historical interest, being that with which the Rev. D. J, Draper had laid the foundation stone of _ tho church 23 years since. The stone having been duly placed, Mrs Turner, departing slightly from the cus tomary formula, said-" I am authorised to say that this stono is true and faithfully laid, in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost." Mr G. M. Hitchcock, as one of the earliest promoters of this enterprise, was then called on to speak, and expressed his pleasure in being present, hoped all would catch Raikes' spirit, and try to gather in many who now attended no school, and thus contribute to the usefulness of the institution. MrN. Brown, a Sunday school veteran, was next called on, and de livered an interesting address. Mr T. Peters humorously afErmcd that the pluckiness of the ABhby ladies manifested itself, not in the erection of tho building simply, but in the fact that they were going to effect an im provement on Methodism by opening it free of debt. He concludcd a thrilling address amid rounds of applause. A collection was then made, which amounted to £13 12s Id. Tho building is of brick, built at tho rear of tho church ; dimensions, 5Gft by 32ft., with two class rooms, aud is capable of ac commodating about 300 scholars. The contract price is £320, and, as already stated, it will be opened free of debt. Tho proceed ings terminated with tho Doxology and benediction. 