Lord Brackenbury : A NOVEL. BY AMELIA B. EDWARDS, [The right of publication in Australasia has been purchased by the proprietors of the Sydney Mail.} Chapter XLIX.— In the Englischer Garten. ' By heaven ! I don't know how I am to wrench myself away. And yet, when the hour comes, I suppose I shall take my ticket and my seat, apologise to my opposite neigh bour for the length of my legs, and look out of the window when the train moves off with a face as stolid as if I was not leaving half my life and all my hopes on the banks of the Isar! ' 11 Whilst I, being only a woman, may lock myself into my room and cry my eyes out. That is, at all events, one of our few privileges — we can howl without disgrace.' They were rambling in the Englischer Garten, beyond which, on the other side of the river, the Kreutzmanns lived. Having had their portraits taken the other day by a Munich daguerreotypist, they had this morning fetched the miniatures from the studio— two of those exquisitely deli cate and tenderly tinted heads on silvered plates which we all, with so much justice, admired for a few years, while they were in fashion. And now, although it was midday, and Winifred was due at the pastor's dinner- table, the lovers still went lingeringly to and fro under the big trees whose barren boughs, clear cut against the sunshine, mar bled the path with shadows. For Launcelot was going back to England by the evening mail ; and this was their last walk together. They had the place to themselves, too ; for it was uni versal ' mittag's-essen' in Munich; and streets, and squares, and parks were all deserted. There was no one to observe them; no one to listen to them. They could ramble and talk as they pleased — such disjointed, delicious talk as lovers are wont to indulge in ; all retrospect and project, all castle-building and dream-weaving, interspersed with, ' Do you remember !' and 'Did you suspect?' and ' Shall you ever forget?' ' I can't say that I have ever yet arrived at howling point,' said Lancelot, replying to Winifred's exposition of the privileges of her sex; 'but I know I felt bad enough that day when 1 left you sitting in the porch, and knew I should not see you again for a week. You remember how I lingered ? I could not bear to say ' Good-bye.' My heart was filled with an immense tenderness and pity for you. I longed to take you in my arms — to tell you how I would try to make up to you for all you had lost. Yet I dared not. Your sorrow seemed to stand between us. But I took your hand, dearest ? Do you remember ? I took your hand ; and while I held it, I said to you — silently, but with such intensity of purpose that 1 could actually hear the words in my mind — ' / love you — I love you — I b've you! ' 1 wanted to make you feel what I was saying. If you had looked at me, you would have known it all ; but you never lifted your eyes. You did not even say, ' Good-bye I'' ' I tried ; but the words would not come.' 'Did the week seem long to you? It seemed like a month, to me. Ah, if you had known with what a heavy heart I turned away ! ' 'You thought I did not care ? ' 'By Jove! I didn't know what to think. You let me go without a look— without a word ! ' ' But I waited in the porch — thinking you would come back.' ' Had I known that, I would have come back, though I had got half way to Munich ! ' ' But you rode away ; and 1 listened till the last echo of your horse's hoofs died in the distance. How ionely I felt when I could hear them no longer ! ' 'And now you will be lonely again, when I am gone ? ' ' Lonely — yes ; but it will not be the loneliness of desola tion, as that was. You will write to me, and I shall write to you. There will always be a letter to receive or to an swer. And the Kreutzmanns will be very good to me ; 1 and, above all, I shall here occupation ! You don't know j how hard 1 mean to work, or how I will strive to make the most of Herr Kriiger's teaching. I shall want you to praise my progress when you come back at Easter ! ' ' But, my dear love, how shall I judge of your progress ? You forget that you have never allowed me to see' a single i sketch.' ' How could I show my feeble attempts to a great artist like you ?' Now, when Winifred called him a 'great artist,' Lancelot, as if by way of protest, drew her hand through his arm, and there held it, caressingly. ' Ah, no !' he said. ' I am not a great artist. I shall never be a great artist — now.' | She looked up inquiringly. The momentary shade of hesitation, of regret, caught her ear at once. 'Why now ?' she said. 'What do you mean by I now rl' 'I mean that the conditions of my life are changed, and [ changed in a way that is fatal to my prospects as a painter. Art tolerates no divided duty. A man must give his whole soul to it — his whole time — his whole powers of observation, of memory, of comparison, of study. Even so, the thing he does must always fall short of the thing he had hoped to do. The greatest painters who ever lived spent their lives, we may be certain, in the vain pursuit of an unattainable ideal. But, at all events, they did so spend, their lives. They worked at least as hard as if they had been masons, or plumbers, or joiners. Now, my dunces of doing such fair and honest work are over. I am no longer free. I have other duties — duties dry and distasteful enough for the most part; but they are duties, and X cannot escape from them.' 'What sort of duties? And why need they interfere with your art that you so dearly love)? Do you mean your Parliamentary duties ? ' he said, smiling ; ' though they must, of course, count for something.' ' I mean my duties as a landlord. There is a world of work of one sort and another involved io the management of a large estate ; and iif my case, owing to the peculiar cir cumstances of the last four years, the work falls just SO' much the heavier. You have no idea of the arrears of business I shall have to wade through when I get back to' England.' ' But when that wading is done and over, you will be free to take up your own work again ?.' ' I shall never be free, my' darling, .as I was before,' said Lancelot, with a sigh. ' How is-it possible ? Look at the tenants — could I leave their interests in the hands of stewards and lawyers ? I must do as Cuthbert would have done — and what I knew he intended to do. There is his pet pro ject of reclaiming the Danebury Marshes ; that will be the work of years. Above all, there are those wretched Moorfolfc, who need reclaiming more than the Marshes ! ' ' You will never succeed in civilising the Moorfolk.' ' I mean to try, anyhow. Think of what they are — a predatory horde, as ignorant as savages; as lawless as banditti. How can I harbour such a godless lot, and not try to make them better ? If ever a plain duty 6tared me in the face, Winifred, it is this.' And then he went on to tell her of the things he purposed doing. On a certain part of the moor, where springs were abundant and the soil was less barren than elsewhere, he meant to found a new colony. This colony — it would be too widely scattered to be called a village— would consist of a number of detached cottages, dotted here and there over the space of about two square miles, each with its bit of garden ground, and all within easy distance of a small church and school-house. The cottages once built, he meant to pull, down all the old cabins, so compelling his Moorfolk to settle down into something like a community. This done, it would be comparativdy easy to draw their children to the schoolhouse; and though the parents would probably be irreclaimable to the last, the young ones would, at all events, grow up in habits of decency and order. Thus a new con dition of things would gradually be established, and in. the course of another generation or two the vagabond tradi tions of the race would be forgotten. ' You and I may not live to see it, Winifred.' said' Lancelot, ' but our grandchildren will surely do so.' ' It is a good work,' 6aid the girl, warmly. ' I would not have you leave it undone for all the world ! ' ' And 'then I have thought that the church and school house might stand there, dear, in remembrance ? ' His voice faltered. ' In remembrance of — Cuthbert?' ' Ay ; in remembrance of Cuthbert. I have sketched a design for the buildings, and I have sent it to an architect for correction. It will be an out-of-the-way spot to live in; but there will be that work to do, and an earnest man — such a man as your friend, Mr. Pennefeather, for instance— would', not think'his life ill-spent in doing it.' Winifred looked up eagerly, as if about to speak ; but checked herself, and waited. ' It seems premature to talk of giving away the living before the church is built,' said Lancelot; 'but I think you would perhaps like me to offer it to Mr. Pennefeather?'' ' Oh, Lancelot ! it is what I would have asked, if I had dared?' ' I can afford to make it worth his acceptance. I mean, in fact, to devote the revenue for the past four years to these matters. The money has been accumulating in Marrables' hands, and I, of course, have not touched a penny of it. It makes a big sum altogether — more than enough to drain the marshes, build the new colony, and endow the living. I suppose the Pennefeathers would think themselves passing rich with a snug vicarage, a dozen acres of glebe, and four or five hundred a year ? ' Winifred could hardly speak for joy. That her lover should serve her friends was even sweeter to her than if sho could have served them herself. How happy they would be, . and how happy it made her to think of their happiness ! Already, in her mind's eye, she saw the good husband and wife active, earnest, helpful, reclaiming the fallen and. guiding the footsteps of the weak. Already she saw Mrs. Pennefeather released from the drudgery of cheap novel writing ; the children provided with a governess ; the over worked father able now and then to take a well-earned holiday ! Fain would she have written to her friend that very day,, that very hour ; but Lancelot bound her over to silence.. She must wait till the plans were ready, the ground marked out, and the endowment papers drawn up. All this would' take at least a month. ' There is one other good deed that you must remember to do for my Bake, Lancelot,' she said, presently. ' I want you to befriend poor Lettice Leigh.' ' What do you wish me to do for her ? ' ' Well, to take care of her — to see that she and her poor little child want neither for food nor firing. That cottage is a mere ruin.' .... ' I beg your pardon. The cottage is perfectly weather tight — roof and flooring repaired; windows glazed and! shuttered ; new doors ; new fastenings ; new kitchen range ;. evervthingcomplete and comfortable.' ' \ou have done all this? ' ' Did you net bid me turn out the ghost and mend the reof ; and ata I not the Slave of the Lamp ? ' ' You are my fairy prince, all generosity and goodness ! ' With this, they drifted back into the old strain of lovers* talk ; comparing their miniatures ; promising to write by every post ; forgetting the hour, the place, and everything: but each other. ' The features are yours — the eyes, the dear, true eyes,, are yours,' he said, holding the daguerreotype this way and that, to get it in a favourable light. ' And yet, a& with all these things, there is a ghostly unlikeness about it. I wonder if I shall ever succeed in making a decent portrait of you ! ' ' You must try some day,' she said, smiling. ' I have tried, dozens 'of times— in chalks, in oils, ini watercolours : profiles, front- faces, three-quarters ! I was; always trying — and failing. What chance had I, when I never had a sitting ? ' ' You never asked for one.' ' I dared not. Yet sometimes I caught a touch of like ness that pleased me — a look of the eyes, perhaps — a turn of : 'the head! I have an old Shakespeare at home, the margins scrawled all over with you, as Ophelia, as Imogen, Cordelia, Portia, Miranda. You little thought how many Shakespearian heroines you played for me,, dearest, in those bygone days ! ' The girl looked up at him ; and as she looked, the tears came to her eyes. ' Lancelot,' she said, ' you must not give up painting.. You will never be happy, if you do. It iB your voca tion.' He shook his head. ' I won't be half an artist, Winifred. Besides, you must not forget that if Fortune takes from me with the one hand, she bestows infinitely more upon me with the other. 1 give up Art ; and I gain ? you.' ' But— but if you would have been happier the other way ! ' she said, looking aside. ' ' The other way '—meaning without you whom I have loved from my boyhood? I could almost say, Winifred, that that is unkind.' ' You know I do not mean it unkindly ! But men are so different to women. Love is the woman's life — the begin ning and end of all her hopes and fears ; but the man's vocation, the man's ambition, are more to him than love.' ' My vocation, as you call it, is ruled by circumstances over which neither you nor I have any control,' said Lancelot, gravely, ''if I could have chosen — if I could have carved out my destiny, following my heart's desire, I would have been your husband, dear, and a painter — not very poor, because poverty is disagreeable ; not veiy rich either, except in love, and hope, and perhaps in fame. And I would have lived in Italy ; for Italy is the artist's paradise, and it is the land of my earliest recollections. . That would have been my dream. But it is a dream that could never have been realised. So long as I was free to be . a painter, an impassable gulf divided your life from mine ; and the change that left you free made me — what I now am. To sigh after an impossible combination of circumstances would be folly, and worse than folly. 1 am here with work . to do, and the will to do it, and your love to make me happy. Not to be a Raphael or a Titian would I change back to where I was before.' Winifred said nothing, but the slight pressnre of her hand upon his arm was answer enough. So they strolled on for some moments in silence ; under standing each other thoroughly, and very happy. 'I have often thought,' he said presently, 'that Fate committed one of her great mistakes when she disposed of Cuthbert's lot and mine. Never were two squarer men successively wedged into a round hole. He, poor dear fellow, care$ bo jaore about being a lor4 than J do. .In fact,. I think it bored him almost more than it bores me. I want to.be an artist — he ?wanted to be a sailor. A sailor he was, too — a born sailor. The sea was his element, and as for navigation, I don't believe there was a yachtsman in Europe to equal him. I used to say that no one really knew Cuthbert who hadn't seen him on board his own boat in a gale of wind. Did I ever tell you about that storm off Cape Matapan ? I mean, when I made that trip with him to the Ionian Islands five years ago. It came sweeping down the Adriatic, and caught us in the Straits of Otranto, half-way between the two coasts. 'We ran before it all the way to Corfu. I never shall forget it, or his coolness — his hand on the tiller — his eye on the needle — only a word of command now and then, brief and ringing and stern — and the boat obeying the helm, like a good horse under a good rider. You said something just now about a man's vocation ; that was his vocation — jus as Art is mine. Yes ; fate misplaced us both — gave us what other men covet, and withheld from us the things we ourselves coveted. He cared nothing for riches — no more do I. Politics bored him, and they borem9. The House of X-ords was his bugbear, and it is mine. People used to say that he and I were curiously different ; but it seems to me that we were curiously alike. What do you think ? ' ' ' I think you were as unlike as any two brothers could well be,' said Winifred, speaking with that painful con straint that always came upon her when the conversation took this turn. ' You also F But in what way ? ' ' In every way.' ' No, no— that is too vague, and too sweeping. I know we were alike in some things; and I only wish, for my own sake, that we were alike in more.' Winifred was silent. What could she say ? To her the last Lord Brackenbury had always seemed immeasurably older than Lancelot ; and as grave and dry as Lancelot was genial and joyous. She respected him ; she admired him ; she was half afraid of him — but she could never have loved him. To tell Lancelot this was impossible. ' He had ten times more character than I have,' the young man continued, warming as he went on ; ' more cha racter — more judgment — more determination — more tenacity. He was the sort of fellow who, when he had once made up his mind, never wavered. If it had been his duty to have fiied a mine, he would have put on his hat, walked in as coolly, and struck his match as deliberately as if he had been lighting a cigarette.' ' I quite believe that,' said Winifred. '* He was ever so much more worthy of you, dear, than I am.' The constrained look went out of her face, and, with a child-like smile, she laid her cheek against his shoulder. ' You shall not disparage my hero,' she said. They were standing on the landward side of a giant oak which grew so close to the water's edge that its spreading boughs shadowed thcpath on the one side and overhung the water on the other. The stream — an arm of the Isar — eddied swiftly by, hastening to rejoin the river. Not a soul was in sight : not a sound of the city was audible. They were apparently as much alone as if they had been cast upon a desert island. So Lancelot made the only answer that could well be made to words so sweet. He kissed her. Perhaps his eyes looked lingeringly into hers; perhaps their lips met more than once. At all events, it was one of those foolish, fond, delightful moments, so prosaic in prose, bo poetic in poetry, when nothing in life seems worth living for, or dying for, but love. Moments so few, so brief, so precious, that it was hard they should be interrupted— by a cough. Chapter L. — Their First Quarrel. Circumspectly emerging from behind the tree-trunk, the owner of the cough (and a more discreetly modulated cough never proceeded from human lips) discovered only a young lady buttoning her glove, and a young man staring vacantly at the sky. He was an old gentlemen, small, shrivelled, bright-eyed, with a book under his arm, and a scrap of ribbon in his button-hole. He must have been standing just at the other side of the big tree, on the very brink of the river ; and being, doubtless, unwilling to assist unseen at so exceedingly private a conversation, had no choice between making his appearance and walking into the water. He smiled — he would surely have been more than mortal if he could have helped it ! But the lover looked as lovers look when they are caught ; red, and shy, and somewhat indignant. 41 JEt ego in Arcadia vixi,' said the little old gentleman, lifting his hat, and walking briskly away. For a [moment they were both silent. Then Lancelot laughed uncomfortably. ' By Jove ! now,' he ejaculated, ' who would have dreamed of that aged foBsil being stowed away round the corner, like a light-comedy parent behind a screen at the end of the third act ? ' ' What did he say ? ' ' He quoted a Latin line from a picture of Nicolo Pous ein's— ' et ego in Arcadia vuci ; ' wjiich means, ' And I too lived in Arcadia.' I presume he wished to imply that at some remote period in the early history of mankind he had himself been young, and in love.' ' How pretty ! ' ' Well, yes— and aptly quoted. I wonder who he is ! ' ' Tell me what the picture is like, Lancelot.' Lancelot wished the old gentleman and his Latinity at the bottom of the sea. Nevertheless, he did his b6st to describe the famous painting ; the shepherds who have discovered an antique tomb — the kneeling man who reads, tracing the epitaph withhis finger - the maiden standing by, with her hand on her lover's shoulder — the simple awe and wonder in the face of the boy who leans upon his crook, listening — the classic grouping— the clear, still sky — the trees and distant mountains, which have a look of belonging to the young days of the world. Winifred listened breathlessly. ' Where is this picture? ' she added. ' In the Louvre.' ' It must be one of the most beautiful pictures in the world.' 'Don't think that, or when you see it you will be dis appointed. It is not very beautiful ; in fact, it is scarcely to be called beautiful in any sense. But it is purely ideal, purely classical— a Theocritan idyll on canvas.' ' How many great pictures there are, waiting for me to see them ! ' said Winifred. ' And for me to show them to you.' ' And what wonderful places ! ' ' To which I will take you.' Still strolling slowly, they had now come to where a broad road opened down towards the bridge leading to the Baths of Brunnthal ; and this was their direct way back to Pastor Kreutzmann's house. But Lancelot made as if he would still keep on through the park. ' Let us go a little further,' he said. ' I have some thing more to say to you ; and it is our last walk! ' ' But it must be one o'clock.' ' It is nearly two ; and as you may be quite sure that our good friends dined at least one hour ago, you need not Bcruple to stay a few minutes longer.' ' Do you know that we have been out since half-past ten ? ' ' And when shall we be out together again ? Not for three months, Winifred. It is a long time to look forward to.' ' The time will pass more quickly for you than for me,' she said. ' It is not half so hard to go, as to be left behind.' ' Are you so sure of that ? To be left behind is to sub mit to fate, and partakes of the inevitable. To go is like wrenching out one's own tooth, or pulling the string of a shower-bath. But, dear, it rests with you to make our parting many degrees less bitter.' 'With me! How can I do that?' ' By promising me that when we next meet it shall be to part no more.' ' Are you not coming at Easter ? ' ' At Easter— if I live and breathe.' *' But— but at Easter ? it is impossible.' ' Why impossible ? ' ' Need you ask ? — it is only three months hence.' Then, despite that unlucky episode of the old gentleman and his cough— an episode which, for the moment, seriously imperilled the gravity of the situation — Lancelot became dequwt with a lover's eloquence. Situated as they two j were situated, separated by distance as well by time, three months were as long to them as three years would be to most others. Why need they wait longer ? Already six weeks had gone by since Miss Langtrey's death; and by Easter, the lapse of time would be nearer to five months than four. By what law of custom, by what scruple of affection, or sorrow, or common-sense, was Winifred called upon to defer her marriage beyond that period ? For himself, no time could possibly be so convenient as the Easter recess. In the three months now intervening, he would wind up his brother's affairs and despatch his own arrears of business. The new colony would meanwhile be built, and the new church be so far advanced that he could safely leave it to be finished in his absence. Then, marrying in April, they would remain abroad through the summer ; or, if she pre ferred it, they could stay away till her year of mourning should expire. Besides, he had promised himself that _ he would take her to Greece and Italy for their wedding jonrney ; and for Greece and Italy there was no time like the last of the spring and the first of the summer. _ Should they not take their happiness when the birds take theirs, ' in the sweet o' the year ? ' But still she would not. ' It is too soon,' she said again. It will be time enough next spring.' Next spring! This was too much. ' Good heavens! Winifred,' he said vehemently, 'you cannot be serious ! Life is not long enough for such pro crastination. If, like the primitive Chaldaeans, we had forty -three thousand years of wisdom and usefulness to look forward to, the thing would be different. Thus I would Love you ten years before the Flood, And you should, if you pleased, refuse Till the conversion of the Jews ; But unfortunately for us, life has become ridiculously short since those days. You forget, child, that time is going, that youth is fleeting, that the hours once struck are past for ever. You forget that we are alone, absolutely alone, in the world — you and I! We have no one to please but each other. 'Why, then, when Fate no longer divides us, shall we be so unmindful of the uncertainties of life as to divide ourselves ? Besides, who shall say what another year may bring forth ? Fqr my own part, I shall never feel really safe, till I have put the ring upon your finger.' 'What do you mean by 'safe?'' she said, her cheek flushing, her eye kindling indignantly. ' Do you suppose I am incapable of remaining constant for a year ? ' Now this was not in the least what Lancelot meant ; but before he could explain himself, their conversation was in terrupted by the sudden appearance of Frau Kreutzmaun hastening towards them with her hands uplifted and a face beaming over with smiles. ' Ach, lieber Gott ! Well met, truants and runaways ! We thought you were lost, and made sure we Bhould have to write a description of you at the Polizei ! And have you had nothing to eat all these hours ? So, so, Fraiilein Winifred, you must be fainting away, dear child, with hunger. We waited dinner till the braten was almost spoiled — a beef braten it was, with apple-sauce and mush rooms ; and though it was of my own cooking, I must say it was a dish for a king ! We had hoped, too, as it was the Herr Baron's last day in Munich, that he would come in and take a bit of our family dinner. Yes, my gracious lord, and I made a raspberry jam kitchen the night of our Christmas party. But truly, it's dreadful to think that you are both fasting all this time, and have not had so mucli as a biscuit ! However, I will turn back with you at once, and in five minutes we will warm up a bit of dinner. No, no no— it's not a trouble, but a pleasure ! My business will wait. I was only going to the Holtz- Garten to order in a load or two of brushwood, and that will do to-morrow as well as to-day. On my word, I could not be happy if I didn't go home with you, and see you comfortable.' So the good soul turned back with them, and Lancelot, after trying in vain to edge in a word, or even a look, of ex planation, fell moodily into the rear. Then, when they reached the house, the two girls swooped down upon Winifred, and carried her off to her own room ; Frau Kreutzmanri bustled away to the kitchen, and the ' Herr Baron' was left to amuse himself as best he could in the absent pastor's study. It was their first misunderstanding, and he was propor tionately disconsolate ; for in the matter of lover's quarrels, as in most other terrible and cataclysmal phenomena, fami liarity breeds die habit of contempt. Dwellers on the slopes of Etna and the plateaux, of Mexico are apt to think lightly of eruptions and earthquakes ; and Lancelot would probably have felt less miserable on the present occasion, if his court ship had been enlivened by the average amount of skirmish ing. As it was, he took up first one book, then another ; walked restlessly about the room ; listened to every footfall ; and was quite chopfallen when half an hour went by, and no Winifred appeared. At length Frau Kreutzman came himself to summon him to dinner ; and a wonderful improvisation that dinner was, consisting of soup, fish, a rechauffe of the braten , a winter salad, and the remains of the raspberry kitchen. But Winifred was silent and would not look at him; and their good hostess chattered incessantly ; and her nieces waited upon the guests ; and they were not left alone for a moment. Ihen coffee was brought; and Lancelot, looking at his watch, saw with dismay that it was already four o'clock, and that if he was to get back to the Hotel Manlick in time to pack his portmanteau, pay his bill, and catch the five-thirty express, he must be gone in something less than a quarter of an hour. ' Will you let me speak to you for a moment, Winifred, before I go ? ' he said, going over to the window where she was standing with Brenda, looking out upon the darkening sky. ' By all means.' 'But ? alone?' She said nothing ; but kept her face coldly averted. Lancelot looked imploringly at Brenda ; and Brenda, re membering that these would be their last moments together before parting, beckoned to the others to follow her, and slipped out of the room. Then Lancelot spoke hurriedly, and earnestly. The words that offended her had escaped him unawares. He bad not intended to utter them — he was bitterly sorry that he had uttered them ; but she had entirely misapprehended their import. To simply doubt of her constancy was of all things the farthest from his thoughts. He believed in her, he trusted her, as he believed and trusted in honour, love, truth itself ! Still she kept her face averted. ' What did you mean, then ? ' she asked, in a somewhat softened tone. He hesitated. ' Can you not guess ? ' Again she was silent. ' Do you not understand . . that . . that . . . Good heavens ! Winifred, after waiting, praying, hoping in vain for four long years, shall I now be such a wretch as to feel that if my brother came back to life I could not bid him welcome ? ' ' Lancelot ! ' ' But once you are my wife . . then — ah ! now you know what 1 mean ! ' ' Yes, now I know ! ' she sobbed, clasping his neck and weeping on his breast. ' My darling, forgive me ! ' ' And you will promise me, my angel— in the spring ? ' ' Yes, I promise— in the spring.' The days when England freed itself of its financial difficulties by a liberal increase in the consumption of spirits (observes the Pall Mall Gazette) seem to be coming upon us again. If the power of gratifying the taste for strong drinks can be accepted now, as it certainly was a few years ago, as a sure test of a nation's prosperity, this country must be fast returning to its halcyon days of happiness. During the first three quarters of 1878 there were retained for consumption in England alone a little over 11,900,000 gallons of spirits. In the corresponding period of 1879 the quantity had diminished to less than 11,600,000 gallons. This year has been marked by a considerable increase in the consumption, and the number of gallons drunk has more than recovered the ground lost two years ago. In the other countries of the United King dom tiie decrease has been progressive since 1878, but the falling-off is not so rapid as it was twelve months since. In Scotland there has been a respectable decrease in the last two years of nearly 300,000 gallons. In Ireland the decrease has been still greater. Last year the quantity consumed was nearly half a million of gallons less than in its prede cessor, and in 1880 there is a further diminution of 230,000. When the apostle of temperance recently proclaimed that the distress in Ireland had been aggravated by an increase of drink, he was undoubtedly speaking without his book. 