On Dit TbAT four ladies are enrolled among the members of Coo w* Amateur Dra matic Club. .- . ? That lady selectors have to give their age now to tGrown Lands Agents, oven if they are on the shady side of 30. That Cooma Municipality will make a horrid iob of Vale-strent. That another Chinaman afflicted with small-pox has been discovered near Sydney. That Cooma Courthouso Reserve is being planted with trees, the Police Magistrate being allowed £40 therefor. That since Maurice came back he has been offered '-& thousand a year to open a Temperance Hotel. That a school at Black Rock would suit the residents of Umaralla and Bunyan. That, the Umaralla people are waiting till the Postmaster General requests them to allow a tnafl .to be run twice-a-week from Cooma. ? That tho sure index to a fcul mind is a foul tongue. That one of the alderman's street pets is a great bore to little children. That a fresh castfbf small-pox lias ^broken out, in Sussex- street, Sydney. * That Sir Henry Parkes made the -most speeches in Parliament last session ; Mr John McElhone is sec ond in talking honors. That some tradesmen arc as fond of drawing tho lino as any geebnng. That the erection of public gates is of interest only to private land sharks who use a' buggy. That the belles of 'Sydney will have inconstant princes to flirt with shortly. I'liat Mr. 11. hi. J. Siroonson has received an appointment worth £200 a year, and will leave Cooma shortly. That the population of Cooma town is 1041 ; the police district of Cooma, 7098. That a trio of Cooma aldermen and their chief adviser have made changes in the Val^-street job. That tho town herdsman noarly seized a flock of cheep on Saturday. That one of tho recently gazetted magistrates will refuse the appoint ment ; the array of talent, blue blood, and moraiily is too much for him. That the office of churchwarden helped to save the Port Macquarie magistrate. That about 170 people attended the funeral of the lato Amos Crisp at Boloco, and that the Rev. Messrs. Scott and Pryce read the burial ser vice. That tho ' tip' a secretary of an old, old set of commonage trustees used to give tho herdsman was 'Don't interfere with the sheep.' * That an atheist indulges very much jn swearing, but not. on the BiWe, the book being above his com prehension. That Messrs, Finnimore and But ler hare taken up the dirt they carted opposite the office of Mr. G. Y. Mould. mat a surveyor actually altered tho street levelling of the three legged artist. That the corporation laborer has resigned his black hat in favor of one of Spring's hlack pipes. That some of the Manaro Mercury papers addressed to Myalla go astray. That the young lady who took the Professor up to the gentleman's side pocket did tho job neatly — it was a pencil sketch and a brain picture. That £600 was refused for a half acre allotment not situated in the main street of Cooma. That several of the provincial mayors will be benighted on tho arrival of the princes. That the inspector of nuisances will see about his duty in the sweet by and bye. That a new hotel and store will be erected near tho upper end of Bombala- street, Cooma, shortly. That Cooma Masonic Lodsje, E.C., has closed, but one linger the A.C. is to he started. That Mr. R. L. Tooth, M.P., has xent to the Hon. Minister for Public Instruction a requisition for a Public School at Caddisrat Creek. That Miss Lizzie Baker has been appointed pupil teacher at the R.C. Denominational School in Cnoma. That the Welchmju hnsifailed in. baereing the Hufrundva gho- st. That eggs are 2s. a dozen in Cooma. That Mr. F. E. S. Hewison, son of the Inspector of Nuisances at Cooma, has written to the Bathurst Sentinel that he will criticise the Rev. Canon Druitt's speech at opening of Cooma School of Arts. - That it is rough to put the names of wealthy men in print as funeral mourners, and to throw in a few commoners as a blind; That Spring's clearing- out sale at cost prices for cash commences on Monday, and will last a month. That 90 children attended Cooraa Public School on Monday, notwith standing the prevalence of hooping cough and other complaint3. That' the Freemasons ol' Cooma have given a donation of £10 to the Cooma Hospital and £10 to the Free- ? masons' Benevolent Society. \- That the great Unpaid at one Court in this district gave a defend ant the option of detention for 24/ hours and free tucker in preference topaylngfineand costs thatamouhted to about 30s., and that it was a big screw. . That the population of Cooma is steadily increasing. That theQueanbeyan Police Magis trate recently fined a nmn 20s. for stealing a timilar amount. That Messrs. T. Scott and John Hurst shot 130 opossums at the back of Mr. Hugh Stewart's paddock, Dairyman's Plain, on Monday night. That some miserable man stole a clothes-line from the' rear of The Manaro Mercury Office on Monday night, and the Coroner foels certain that thero will be an inquest. That Bon v Jack has turned lottor writer. That a young man formerly re siding in Cooma is studying for the church at Bathurst. That five cases of small-pox have been discovered in Sydney since Saturday. That a Small-pcx Hospital is to bo established at Botany. 