OUR MELBOURNE LETTER. (From our own Correspondent.) Melbourne has been pretty lively since I last wrote, notwithstanding the close of the Exhibition. Parliament has sat almost continuously, debating the reform and other questions, and we have had some murders and suicides of a more than ordinary character. In politics there has been a flowing and “to be continued in our next” excitement, for during the short adjournment over Easter it was rumoured on all hands that a want of confidence motion was to be introduced which would send the Ministry to the right about in no time; but up to the present, though we live in hope of a political struggle—we, the quidnuncs— there has been no appearance for the plaintiff. The idea was that Mr. Francis and Sir Bryan O’Loghlen had coalesced, and, settling the Catholic grievances by means of a Royal Commission which lasts for two years, had held out such baits as tempted the corner members to join them. But in that corner is the Hon. Francis Longmore, a hater of the aristocracy, the squattocracy, and the shoddyocracy, and he has stood in the way. Mr. Longmore, who is a Radical of the Radicals, has a general idea that the popular cause is being betrayed, by whom he cannot tell, and therefore he looks upon everyone with suspicion. He resembles the old lady who considered herself and the minister the only persons in the parish who were in grace, “Though,” she added, with characteristic caution, “I whiles hae my doubts aboot the meenister;” the old lady being Mr. Longmore and Mr. Berry the clergyman. The result of the talk gone is that the Council has altered the Reform Bill of the Assembly to suit its own views, and the altered Bill is now before the Lower House. Briefly summarised the Bill now gives a £10 franchise to freeholders and a £20 pound franchise to tenants; makes the qualifications of members, property worth £150 per annum; enacts that two ministers shall always sit in the Upper House; and creates fourteen provinces returning forty-two members. The gist of the Council’s alterations is that they have so divided the provinces that the Liberals will not have a ghost of a show in them. The Assembly’s schedules on the contrary were so constructed that the Conservatives would find a difficulty in getting their men in. Both Houses are therefore brought face to face, and it is impossible to say what will happen. The disposition at present is to accept the Bill as the only instalment that can be obtained, but so many Liberals think this would be destruction, that Mr. Mirams, a sturdy Radical, has determined to ask his constituents’ opinion on the subject. There is a great division in the Liberal camp as to whether the acceptance of the Bill would destroy the party or lead to the liberalising of the Council and the making; it possible to still further change its constitutuion, and at the time of writing consultations are taking place on every hand, and a little excitement is being antied up. I should think that Mr. Berry will alter the Bill to some extent and send it back to the Council, when perhaps a conference will be held which may lead to a satisfactory settlement. Still, matters look gloomy, because the Council has held over the Land Tax Amendment Bill, which increases the tax on the large estates, or rather equalises it, and if their reform proposals are rejected this may lead them to throw that Bill out, when we will once more be in the midst of civil war, for the revenue requires that measure to be passed, and Mr. Berry will be called upon to tack it to Appropriation Bill. The colony is so peaceful and prosperous that there is a general disinclination to rouse the bad feelings of the past, and if we were not cursed with a perverse and ignorant Second Chamber, which is led by the nose by the aged ultra-Tory Sir Charles Sladen, we would get along right enough. Only one member of the Assembly is against the ratepayer’s roll as the constituency for the Council, yet we cannot get it. The Exhibition is a thing of the past, all its glories are departed, and we have only the building to gaze upon. What will be done with it no one seems to know, although the Age suggests that it should be turned into a permanent museum and Art and Technological School. This is put forward to provide a billet for Mr. G. C. Levey, the gentleman who supplanted Mr. J. G. Knight, and who has earned a trifling thousand a year and perquisites by hopping from exhibition to exhibition on behalf of Victoria for the past thirteen years. Most of the leading men who came out to represent the nations have left us, and others are on the verge of departure, so that in the winter we will miss the gay society we had in the summer. The closing event was very pleasing to Victorians, and shows what a stride wine- making has made in this colony. Cortella and Rowe, who own a vineyard within thirty miles of Melbourne, won the Emperor of Germany’s prize, worth £1000, for their wine exhibits, against a shoal of most worthy competitors. This is a feather in Victoria’s cap, of which we are proud. Our wines generally only took second place to the most renowned brands of Germany and France. Dr. L. L. Smith’s champagne was beaten only by Roederer and Cliquot, and the worthy doctor is highly elated at the result. Besides this, through the Exhibition we have begun to establish a trade with teeming India, vessels being put on by the P. and O. Company between Calcutta and Melbourne. Altogether we are quite up in the stirrups. However, the Conservative Press, which never fails to keep up a cry that Victoria is going to the dogs, thereby helping to fulfil its own prophecies, jealous at noticing our exultation, found a convenient wet damper for us in the census returns. Mr. Hayter, basing his calculations on the births, deaths, and arrivals by sea, but unable to number those who crossed the border, calculated we ought to have 920,000 people in 1881, but it turns out we have only 855,060, an increase of 124,000 or 17 per cent. The Conservative cockers make out we have lost 70,000 people, but how, they don’t condescend to tell. At first they were at their old game of praising up New South Wales at the expense of Victoria. That colony, said they, had increased vastly in population, profiting by our silly protectionist policy. Melbourne had grown 36 per cent to the country’s 9 per cent, a clear evidence of a national determination of blood to the head through the accursed fiscal duties; and Victoria was like a dwarf with a head as big as his body. This was all very well, but when the New South Wales figures began to come in, they had to change their tactics, for these showed that New South Wales was 100,000 short of the estimate and that the population of Sydney bore the same relation to that of the colony—one third—as the population of Victoria did to that of Melbourne. This completely set the Conservative prophets by the ears, and now they don’t well know what to say. As a matter of fact, the wonder is how Victoria has increased so much. The colonies are really one, and “rushes” take place to them just like there did to the diggings in the olden times. A steady rush set in to Victoria in 1852 and this was continued, save as it was interfered with by the rushes to Queensland and New Zealand, until the colony was fairly settled and our young and enterprising men discovered that there were great fields in New South Wales and Queensland which were undeveloped, and where land could be got in larger areas and on better terms. Victorian men and capital have settled the back country of these colonies during the past ten years. Besides, the comparisons are totally unfair. New South Wales and Victoria are in the same state as to settlement, but it should be remembered that the former is four times larger than the latter, hence the increase should have been four times greater. Melbourne has now a population of 281,000, and Sydney 222,000. Mining—a word on this subject will interest old Victorians at the Port—is in a prosperous condition. The new reefs at Reedy Creek, near Kilmore, are turning out well, the yield being 3 ozs. to the ton. Sandhurst is still in a state of fever and business has fallen off a little of late, but folks are making a good deal of money there, and all the lines look well. Ballarat is a bit quiet, the “paper miners” have again frightened the public At Stawell the Magdalla bore is down 2500 feet and no sign of the famous cross reef. Such pluck as the shareholders of this company have exhibited I do not think any other set of men have displayed. The Exhibition being over “honours” are trumps. That is to say, Mr. W. J. Clarke, the President, is going home to obtain a baronetcy from the hands of Her Majesty, not your common “Sir,” but a title that will descend to the heirs of Rupertswood. The democrats are in alarm about this and talk about taking steps to prevent the growth of titles in this colony. They are distasteful to the people; but it is said Mr. Clarke will buy an estate in England and take his title from that. Sir Samuel Wilson, having become a fast friend of the Marquis of Normanby—the man who presented thirty thousand pounds to the Melbourne University to win his title, has bought an estate in England and gone home to try and obtain a baron’s coronet. Thus do the boys pursue the butterfly. All that Sir Samuel has done to make himself known is to try and acclimatize salmon. Talking about salmon, we Victorians have had a big treat. One of the Orient steamers brought out a consignment of salmon, turbot, haddocks, and soles, and when thawed they were sold at prices varying from 2s. to 6s. per lb. The gourmands had a vast treat, and our natives declared the turbot a “revelation.” Old epicures declared the fish tasted as good as at home. With the exception of the turbot, which is simply beyond description, I would as soon have our own flounder, flathead, and trumpeter. We have gone in for a few sensations in the criminal line, just to vary the monotony. As usual all the horrors came together. A man at Maryborough started the ball by putting a rope round his neck, throwing it over a beam, and then pulling the end until he strangled. That was a determined suicide if you please. Then a master sweep, in Little Bourke-street, beat and kicked his paramour to death because she had taken a a pound note from him. His apprentices were in the place but they were all drunk and afraid to interfere as the man, John Dixon, had an axe and a knife, and was mad with drink. The woman was very debilitated from drink else she would not have died. This sensation was followed by the wreck of the Tararua, on the New Zealand coast and the drowning of revered and well-known Victorians including a popular Wesleyan Minister, the Rev. Mr. Waterhouse, and his son. But this did not close the record. A young man named Colley, who owns property at Hay, N.S.W., has been living very fast of late years, having separated from his wife. He came to Melbourne some time since with some £200 and fell in with a light woman named Lewis of great personal attractions, with whom he became infatuated as some men unaccountably do. This woman, though young has had a romantic and infamous career. The daughter of most respectable parents, the father owning the Castlemaine Representative. She married a doctor, who took her to Sydney, where she went wrong, and coming to Melbourne at once entered on a downward career. While Colley’s money lasted— the girl and a member of the talent who was in “co” with her took care that was not long—all was right, but the moment it was spent she forsook him. Colley seems then to have taken the resolution to kill the girl and himself. Early on a Monday morning he called, and getting into the girl’s room tried to cut her throat with a razor. The woman of the house bravely attempted her rescue, but the man being powerful had to fly for the police, leaving the wretched girl to her fate. She met a policeman and told him, but he prudently asked whether the man was big, and being told he was went off to find a bigger policeman. When the police did get to the house they found the girl on the floor in a pool of blood, and Colley with his head in her lap, his throat cut. Both, however, are likely to recover, though Colley has taken an unfavourable turn pneumonia supervening. What a warning this case should be to young men. The Lamont will case has begun. It involves property worth £20,000 or £30,000. Very strong affidavits have been put in to prove that the deceased was a man of strong mind up to his death, and not at all likely to be influenced by anyone. The woman McGeorge’s affidavit is extraordinary indeed. She appears to have been roaming about the world, possessing some money. At last she exhausted her means, and coming to Melbourne was discovered by Mr. James Smith, the famous “re-incarnation” man to be possessed of some magnetic powers. With his help she gathered desciples, who paid her 25s. per week. The only thing she did was to “influence” by her presence and conversation. She could not tell how she had caused this influence. She married a Mr. Jackson, but has never been a wife to him, and he is now one of the defenders. Lamont was introduced and he became a great friend. The woman was always weak, and a Mr. McGeorge, who was employed in the Observatory and who was a disciple, took charge of her. Lamont got him to leave his place and provided for both. It is a queer story. Mrs. McGeorge, for that is her title now, says Mr. James Smith has set these proceedings on foot for revenge. The lawyers will do well out of the affair. At the theatres we have had two real novelties. “The Winter’s Tale” has been produced at the Royal with great splendour, and the artistic scenes from Mr. Henning’s pencil makes one think himself back in Greece. At the Bijou a comedy named “Jeames,” founded on Thackeray’s “Yellow Plush Papers,” has been made a success by the acting of Mr. Marshall, who possesses the power to make a person laugh whether he wills it or not. He is the London footman par excellence, albeit not of the stature of these “splendid creatures.” Mr. Marshall’s power is shown by the nice distinction he makes between the insolent menial, who courts the housemaid, the upstart who has made a fortune in mining, and the repentant prodigal. In the latter part of the play he shows that there is good even in the person we thought most worthless; that one touch of nature makes the world kin, whether lords or footmen are in the question. 