BROADBRIM'S NEW YORK LETTERS. Since the bomb of the Nihilists sent Alexander of blessed memory to the other Bide of Jordan, we have had nothing in New York like the excitement of the present week; and not one politician in fifty could tell whether ho stood upon his head or his heels. The number of patriots willing to serve their country in this tremendous crisis is marvel lous; the town is full of incipient assistant | collectors, and at the present time we havo not tlio slightest fear that the Administration , will not be able to,lind among our citizens, I native and foreign, enough of worthy men to fill all the offices in its gift. Robertson and anti-Robertson, Garfield and anti-Garficld, Blaine and anti- Blame, Conkling and anti Gonkliug were the solo questions that occupied us in the early portion of the week. It was in vain that the Bulla and the Bears, had another grapple in Wall Btreet; the shrieks of the anti-telegraph monopolists were heard above the roar of the conflict, but neither these things, nor half a dozen start ling murders, suicides and robberies diverted the people from the political bull ring where a couple of noble Senators went down. Of course a contest of this kind means a new deal of the offices all around, and there is nothing to which the average patriotic American citizen sacrifices himself so willingly and cheerfully as to office. 1 fear there is not quite enough of good places for them all, and consequently somo patriots will have to be left out in the cold. Mercy knows, we have had enough to keep our nerves excited; on Monday a girl, only 14 years of age, committed suicide because her father suspected her of stealing. Across the river the body of a woman was discovered murdered injthe woods, and it is now settled beyond the shadow of a doubt that she was murdered by her husband 011 the very after noon of her marriage. Scarcely anything so shocking and romantic is to be found in history or fiction, and what renders the affair more marvellous still is, that though the murder was perpetrated in tlio darkness of night, in a lonely placo, unseen by mortal eye, and though the murderer escaped for the time, yet the faint clueB which lie left behind wore sa rapidly and skilfully worked up that every tliroad was unravelled, and the criminal was arre.ited and will soon be punished for one of tlio cruelest murders that ever stained the criminal calendar. Just now we are suffering from an resthetic craze. It used to bo the fashion in the days of our great-grandmothers, when they had their portraits painted, to be taken as goddesses or nymphB; a favorite figure was a shepherdess with two or three woolly looking sheep thrown in, but we beat that all to nothing now, for the ordinary attire of a very modest girl is the costume of a Fatinitza or Billee Taylor, while sweet little Buttercups are plenty as huckleberries, and Olivettes are by no means uncommon. Oh, what heads ! the great object seems to be, with one-half of our female population, to conceal whatever little intellect they ever possessed, and make themselves as ridiculous as possible. The new costumes this summer are, some of them simply monstrous; we have seen and done many foolish and absurd things in our time, but neither at home' nor abroad have we seen anything so ridiculous and absurd as the fashions of the present summer, Respectable young women exhibit themselves on Broad way of an afternoon in costumes that their grandmothers would have been ashamed to wear at a fancy ball on the Bowery. It is not alone in costume that our aesthetic taste is displaying itself, but it has invaded homes. In the suburbs of New York and Brooklyn many new houses are being put up, and there are many of them as atrociously ugly and as miserably inconvenient as it is possibly for architecture to make them. In and out of town our taste is exhibited by architectural monstrosities which would horrify a Manchou Tartar. 1 don't mean to say that there are not many magnificent buildings being put up in New York, for there are hundreds of them of which any city might justly be proud, but in soveral places, right in the middio of blocks of brick and stone buildings, I havo seen attempts at Swiss cottages and English cottages which were only intended to bo perched on a hill-sido or sot out in the fields among the trees. Many of these amiable maniacs appear to be wild 011 color, and the result is the vilest combination of browns, greens, yellows and blues that mortal eyes ever gazed on. The æsthetic craze is spread ing; our young men have caught the fever, and it is evident that they are not going to let the girls have it all their own way. I was sitting at my window on Sunday last, re flecting on ths fallen condition of man, when along came a young friend of mine, whom I esteem very highly, in the plumage of the early summer. On his head was a shiny stovepipe hat, about two sizes too small for him, with a little narrow brim about half an inch wide; his necktie was blue; his coat and vest were well enough, but his pants fitted his legs as tight as an eel-skin, and over his patent-leathers he wore a pair of bright yellow gaiters, and his hands were covered with gloves of the same color. The effect was stunning; everybody that passed along the street looked at that young man; if his only object was to excite attention he was a success, for I heard a young lady remark as she passed him, " Oh my, isn't he sweet ?" The change of the last week has been marvellous; the weatlior has been cold and gloomy much of the time, but the parks are clothed in their gayest and most beautiful attire. The coaching season is now in suc cessful operation. Many people look upon it as a fashionable folly, but if a man has plenty of money and don't know what to do with himself, it is a much more sensiblo and manly enjoy merit to hold the ribbons and crack the whip over four spauking bays, taking healthful recreation yourself, and giving enjoyment to numbers of your friends, than to dawdle away your time in a clubhouse, or waste your existence ovor a game of poker. Hogs have been creating a terrible dis turbance among the large provision houses down town. The fact is that the grunter has got to be an important factor in our social economy. Tho news that pork had gone up on Tuesday almost produced a revolution, and when it was supplemented by a rise in lard, I thought the people were crazy. I no longer wonder that tlie pig has the most comfortable quarters in some Irish cabins. He is eminently respectable, and I begin to entertain a high regard for him myself, since I find there is money in him. An amusing case has occupied the courts during' the week, of a lady who sued an emiuent physician for malpractice in admini stering a dose of strychnine. She avers in her complaint that her future is destroyed, that her constitution is shattered, and that the only consolation she can look forward to, to release her from her sufferings, are twenty five thousand dollars and death, For a dying woman she is a remarkably healthy ghost. She takes a belt ribbon of a yard and a quarter, and she acknowledges to turning the scale at 182lbs-pretty good for a ghost ! The learned counsel on the other side tenderly inquired if whiskey had auything to do with it, and while the lady modestly replied that she occasionally took a nip she indignantly denied that she indulged in bitters before breakfast, as she asserted that her appetite was always good, an assertion that no ono would attempt to deny when they measured her avoirdupois. The court was, however, somewhat startled when they examined her matrimonial relations. She did not know exactly how many times she had been mar ried, where her husbands were, or how many children she had had. The question was put, Was it two or ten ? and the lady could not remember. At present writing I hardly think that she will recover that 25,000 dol. This week a meeting was held of influential ministers, several denominations being repre sented, the object of which was to stop the alarming increase of infidelity in the land. It was mentioned as a significant evangelical fact that while thousands of acknowledged Christians attend our churches without con tributing a dollar to their support, or, if they put anything in the contribution-box, the offering is generally in cooper, that infidels and scoffers at religion would pay one dollar and two dollars a seat to hear Bob Ingersoll, the atheist. People crowd the Copper Institute if Moody preaches or Sankey sings, thousands rush out to hear them; but when the collateral is called for, it has to be authored on the outside, and many hopeless sinners are found among the contributors. Is it that the priests are too far from the people ? Are their preaching and practice noar enough to each other? Is not some thing needed besides long prayers and moral tracts ? Perhaps another ball of fire like that which burst over Brooklyn on Sunday last may help us to a clear understanding. Yours, truly, BROADBRIM. 