JTBST INTELLiaENOE. telegrams.: . ,.,-. . I-. T Sydney, Friday. ' An'offioial inspection has .been :made,.at::tiie flagstaff Hill, Newcastle, of the old coal work ings', iwbioh discloses that the hill is thoroughly honeycombed. - Inspector Henderson regards it as a danger to the fortifications now ,in course _e. sWmtion and for the heavy ordnance very serious. Colonel Scrotchley and the .colonial arohitect have been sent for. : The Bulletin case still continues. The plain tiffs witnesses have been examined all day. The' defendant's first witness was' called' just before the court adjourned, and will "therefore not be heard until to-morrow. The case is likely, to last - for several days. - The man Lynch, who jumped from the para pet at- the Railway Hotel , a fortnight ago, died yesterday. : The Burwood mail boy, charged with detain ing a letter for several months before delivering it was fined L10 at the polioe court' foi( negli gence of duty. , A man' named B-idgwajq who was' arrested at Maryborough' in Victoria, under .the. .riatrie of Miller, in consequence of his extraordinary con duct and'beihg found suddenly in possession Of a largo sum of money, for which he could give no satisfactory account, was brought up before the Water Police Court to-day, .under, remand from Victoria, and was charged .with forgery. Several blank drafts were found on him, bearing tbo signature of a person named Miller, who is in the employ of the honourable Henry Moore, M.L.O. The prisoner had represented himself at 'the post office hero as John Moore, and thereby obtained two fogiatored letters contain ing bank drafts for L50 each, Which he/cashed and then decamped to Victoria. He was com'? mitted for trial. . ... '//. /:, ,.A ghost is supposed to have made ;ts appear ance at Hughnudra, and strange to say, .two clergymen went out last Sunday' to lay it. The manifestations are attributed, to a, girl, who is supposed to be a.spiritist medium.' ,.// /"/.. Mr G. R. Dibbs, the defendant in tho (slander action . of Shepherd v. Dibbs, having completed his twelve . months' imprisonment, was released to-day. ; Efforts , are being imade to call a public meeting to express sympathy with him.: ' .. (The. hon..: Patriot Higgin is recovering (from ' his.lath.seribusIllndss.V;... //'-// .;///'.' .( The. latest, .returns of . the .census state ..that, the- population .of Sydney- and ... suburbs ; is 220,104, exclusive of. -Balmain, f rom where the returnsbre..nbt yet -in. r "Only .10 Italian immigrants are. left., /Two of tliem.bavb.'fAmjlieB // //( ////( j : ADELAIDE, Friday; -, i ."The: stbkeiis /at 'the : gasworks ' at -Brorapton hSvri'gi.ett' ribtice to leave their employment on aocouritrif bhing bverpressed with work/ 3««« "> Ah elderly woman named Ormaby fell dead at the Islington crossing of the Northern railway this, morning. She was aboi)t;,f o ' erosV'af / the traid passed, but . there are no marks on: her. as having -been struok by the engine. ; It is -be lieved she died from the shock to her system through being made suddenly aware of > the' p'ro- ximity of, the 'train. . :.l " There arrived this morning by the 7s.s.' Vic torian ' several of. the Victorian representatives of the . intercolonial coriferericb. . . ' ' /, The annual meeting of the Agricultural .So? ciety, was. held this morning. ; -During, the oourse of the proceedings a general feeling was ex pressed iii- favour of farmers, cultivating! olives, almonds,' poppy,' sun-flower and the ground! nut, which' were all strongly ' recommended. | ' The society found from - practical experiment; that fruit' packed' in _ paper, is better, preserved: than: if packed in sawdust. ' " "London. Mav 4. The debate on the Irish Land Bill waB resumed in the House of Commons this evening. " The most Important speech of the sitting was made by Sir Stafford Northcote, the leader of the Opposition, who powerfully attaoked the measure, and denounced, in strong terms, what be termsd the Communistic tendencies of the Government. The debate has been again adjourned: The arrest; of Mr John Dillon, the member for Tipper ary, has aroused much indignation among the Irish members of the House of Commons. It is in tended to bring the matter before Parliament on on early date, when a direct vote of censure will be pro posed upon Mr Foi-ster, the Chief Secretary for Ire land, for his action in the matter. , 1 Although the difficulties raised by the Hellenic Government regarding certain details in the 'condi tions upon which they accept the terms finally sub mitted by the Porte for the settlement of the fron tier difficulty have not yet been overcome, prepara tions are now being made for the occupation of- terri-. tory by Greek troops. Three army corps are now undep. orders for this purpose, and are; expected to march in the direction of the Turkish frontier in the course of a few days. ' ' :////.//;/ The official returns show that eight officers and 135 men were killed, by tho explosion: on board H.M.S. Doterel, at Sandy Point,, Straits, of Magel lan. .'""/ The following is the result of the Two Thousand Guineas Stakes, run for at Newmarket to-day : — The Duke of Westminster's Peregrine, by Pero Gomez- Adelaide, 1,'; Mr P. Lorrillard's Iriquois, by Leam ington— Maggie, 2 ; Mr J. K. Keane's Don Paluno, 3. A rise of 5s per ton has taken place in tin. Straits and Australian being now quoted L88. .' . Wallaroo copperus quoted at L69. It is announced that Mr John Dillon, the member ior Tipperary, who has been ' lodged in gaol on the charge of UBing seditious language, will resign his seat, in order- that bis constituents may not be dri- prived.of representation in the House of Commons during bis incarceration. / A smart snoelc of earthquake had been experienced at Volo, a seaport town in Thessaly, situated on the north sido of the gulf of the same name.' Much alarm was battsed amongst the inhabitants of tho district, wbo'fd'aif another shock. i Tho severe floods in the United States,, caused by the oVmflbiv 'of the Missouri and Mississippi' 'rivers, are now subsiding. The damage done, however, has been enormous. 