i A STRANGE GHOST YARN. It appears that for the past fortnight a selector named Charles Robinson, residing at Hugnndra, has been disturbed at night by un earthly noises, and rappings at tbe bedroom door of his children's sleeping apartment. He acquainted his neighbours of tho nn- aoconntable occurrences, and of course was laughed at by them, they averring that it mast be a superstitions fancy of bis. How ever, as the man seemed so very earnest and troubled about the matter, Mr. Robert Evans, of Kiah Lake, together with fonr other men, determined to investigate the affair and con sequently repaired to Robinson's honse on Wednesday night last, with the determination of haviDg ocnlar demonstration on the subject. So soon as they entered the hannted chamber, a violent tapping WB9 heard under the bed where a large empty box was placed ; the box was of oonrse dragged oat and found to contain nothing, and whilst commenting on the strangeness of the knocking a terrible crashing was heard as thongh :some one was hurling brioks at the door of tbe room ; a rush was made by the men in the room at the door and whilst so doing the blankets and bedding were dragged from off the bed, and thrown abont the room by an invisible hand in a most mysterious manner. The visitors remained during the night and ttie noises were continued at intervals until day light. This is exactly as it was Darrated by Mr. Evans himself, who states that he never was a superstitions man or a believer in ghosts, but at the same time he holds this is one of the strangest inoidents that has come under his personal experience dnring his life. Since writing the above we learn from another source that eight of Mr. Robinson's neighbonrs slept in the honBe on Thursday night and were all witnesses of the strange phenomena narrated above. Tbe noises aro said to resemble the sonnd of kissing, and loud tap3 at the wall in all parts of the room and under floor. The noiseB can only ba beard in the dark, and immediately a light is strack they cease. Every morning everything in tho room is found in a state of the utmost con fusion. Every effort has been made by the neighbours to unearth the mystery but with out avail, the floor boards even having been taken up where the noises were heard, bnt no olue oould be discovered as to the cause of the strange sounds. Not the least remarkable part of tbo matter, however, is that a little- girl of Mr. Robinson's appears to be tbe especial victim of the " GhoBts," if such they be, 'as she is thrown abont the room with the bedolothiog. The child is said to be nearly deranged by the frights she has received. Several residents of Gooma have gone out to investigate the affair, and a profonnd sensa tion has been created in town over the event. The matter sonnds very like what might bo expected at a spiritualistic seance. Sarely there are no mediums at Hagundra. We, of course, give the tale for whal it is worth.— Gooma Express. 