AMUSEMENTS. M. Henri Kowalski. — The short series of pianoforte recitals given by this distinguished maestro in the Gaiety Theatre have been, so far as the entertainment was concerned, a most pro- nounced success, selections from the most difficult of the classic works of Bach, Handel, Scarlatti, Mendelssohn, Liszt, Chopin, &c;, being rendered in a style which places M. Kowalski in the first rank of all artistes we have as yet heard in Sydney. The chief characteristics of M. Kowalski's playing are his marvellous execution, his touch, the wonderful dream-like manner in which he makes the piano ' sing' passages of a soft, cantabile nature ; the brilliant dash of his octave playing, and the perfect ease and repose he exhibits even when mastering the most ab- struse compositions of the greatest composers. From the shoulder to the elbow not a muscle moves ; the whole of his strength and touch comes solely from the wrist, and yet he can bring forth the thunder of a full orchestra or the de- licate sighs of a flute with the same ease and effect. His memory is also surprising ; he has the rare gift of correctly interpreting the scores of any composer, no matter what his nationality, and when it comes to a question of sound sterling musical ability (all trick playing being placed on one side) we have no hesitation in saying M. Kowalski is at present without an equal in the Australian colonies. As a composer he gives unmistakable signs of undoubted original talent. His brilliant transcription of Haydn's beautiful Austrian Hymn is sufficient proof of his ability as a pianoforte writer, and his Galop of the Ghosts is so strikingly original and weird that it might easily be imagined to have emanated from the pen of Carl Von Weber. We sincerely trust M. Kowalski will be induced to again visit us at an early date, and we strongly advise all not to miss the treat of his most enjoyable entertainment. Messrs. Bayless and Solomon deserve the thanks of the Sydney public for the spirited manner in which they cater for its amusement ; no pains or expense are spared to give all satisfaction in the very smallest detail, and we are glad to find our playgoers are not un- grateful. School or Auts. — Tho Musofioa (Mr. and i\f-3. Hewitt) open at the School of Aria, on Monday evening, and their entertainment is said to be of a refined and most enjoyable character. Wo lire promised a novelty in tho shape of a comic opevfitln entitled 'Zip.' The dresses in this operetta aro of a most beautiful and costly description, and it is announced that the music will bo of a high order of excellence. Thompson's Diorama. — To-night Mr.. Thomp son will close up his colossal mirror of the Zulu War after exhibiting it for many weeli3 to large and admiring audiences at the School of Arts. Mr. Thompson is, perhaps, the most popular, genial and enterprising showman in the colonies, and wo wish him success wherever he goes. Tun Austrian Band. — Our anticipations re garding the evening performances of tho Austrian Band at the Garden Palace have been fully realized, and wo have no doubt that by this new arrangement the popularity and the f unda of the band will bo increased to a very appreciable degree. Wax-wotiks Exhibition. — There is now on view in tho vestibule of the Victoria Theatre, Pitt-stre'ct, an attractive and highly-interesting oollectioirof wax-work groups, illustrating some of tho most important Scriptural events. The figures are most artistically modelled. Mu. MaestiaIiTi's benefit at the Gaiety on Friday evening, 5th instant, was a brilliantly suc cessful affair. The Council oi? Education. — On Saturday tho gentlemen who formed the late Council of Education, viz., the Hon. Professor Smith, M.L.C., Sir G. W. Allen, Sir Alfred Stephen, Mr. W. A. Duncan, and the hon. R. Wisdom, wore each pre sented with a valedictory address by tho officers and teachers in the employ of tho Education Department. Tho ceremony took place in tno Temperance Hall, and there were about two hundred people present. The addresses, which were beautiful specimens of art, having been executed by Miss Harriot Scott, were presented to the above mentioned gentlemen by young ladies teachers. IVufessor Smith in replying said he trusted the present system of education would continue to expand and improve. It could not fail to grow rapidly under the golden shower of unstinted liberality which it now enjoys ; but ho trusted that the old tradi tions so far as they were good would be preserved and that they would not rashly romovo tho old landmarks. He had some fears when the change was made, he '?? confessed to somo fears still, but he should be glad -to discover that they were not well founded. Sir G. W. Allen reciprocated the ex pressions contained in the address and thanked the teachers for their beautiful present. .Mr. W. A. Duncan said he thought that the gentlemen who had been his colleagues on either Board would admit that in all that he did at these Boards he was actuated by a desire for the public good, and they would specially admit that he never lost an opportunity of giving his voice for ameliorating tho condition of the teachers and officers serving under them. Sir Alfred Stephen said he did not think the teachers would have their in terest s looked after so well as under the Council of Education. With all respect to those gentle men who talked about constitutional maxims, and took from the Coumcil their powers, he was not influenced by the opinion that it was a constitu tional maxim — that it was better to give power to a Minister open to all kinds of officialism, than to a disinterested Board. Mr. Wisdom also returned thanks, after which the proceedings terminated. On Tuesday night a banquet was given to Mr. James Larkin, ex-alderman of tho Camperdown Municipal Council, in recognition of tho services which he had rendered to tho borough during tho past eighteen years. Early on Sunday morning Eedgate and Son's coffee and spice mills oil xurong-auruei., mriu Liverpool-street, were discovered to be in ilamos, It was a frail structure, and although tho fire engines were quickly on tho spot the flames had obtained such u mastery that the building and stock wero booh eomplolely dcotroyed. The inquiry into the circumstances attending tho death of Miss Charlotte Fanny Bray, whoso body was found ia a horribly mutilated condition on the railway lino near Itedinyre, terminated on Tuesday, when the jury returned a verdict that the deceased committed suicide whilst of unsouud mind ; but tho Coroner pointed out thai; thoy went beyond their province in expressing an opinion as to the mental state of deceased. Tho jury thereupon altered their verdict to ono of '' suicide.' The evidence of TvTitia Alice Bray showed that deceased had nntortninod an affection for a young gentleman who had not spoken to her for two or three yoars, and who was often speaking about him, and grieving that she could not. meet him. Sub-Inspector Larkins and. tho police officers who assisted him are entitled to high praise for the ability and energy displayed by them in solving what, appeared to be a com plete mystery. On Saturday morning Edwin Stumbko.an engraver, deliberately jumped off a houso in Pitt street a distance of SOfeot and was killed, 