THE SALVATION ARMY. On Tuesday evening^ June 14th, a lecture waslleliverei in the Salvation Army Barracks, Light Square, bv the Rev. John Alex. Bowie, of Sydney, on "GeneralBooth and the Salvation Army-, its Origin, Methods, Victones, and Prospects." The Hon. J. Pickering, M.L.C., presided, and owing, it is supposed, to the night being extremely cold and wet, the attendance was not large, there being about 150 persons present. After prayer, led by Captain Sutherland, the hymn "To leave this world below" was heartily surg. The chairman, in introducing the lecturer as an old friend, expressed his sympathy with bis object, and his torn belief that the Army was doing a good and much needed work in Adelaide. He stated that letters regretting their inability to attend had been received Irom the Revs. S. Mead, M.A., LL.B., (Baptist,) James LyaU, (Presbyterian,) J. G. Wright, and J. S. Wayland, (Primitive Methodists). . , . . . . Mr. Dowie, who was warmly received on rising, then proceeded with his lecture. In a few preliminary observations, the lecturer said that if he were to choose a text for his discourse he should be inclined to take it from the ancient Jews of Thessalonica (Acts xvii. 6.),.who said —when that noble general of the Salvation Army, the apostle Paul, and his aide-de-camp, Silas, cace to that city—"These that have turned the world upside down are come hither also." He did'not think either, that if General William, the Rev. Wm. Booth of London, who was at the earthly head of the organization known as the Salvation Army, were here, that he would objtct tothe application of that text to his forces, which a witty preacher had once made of it to the whole army of the lmng God. He divided it thus:— " First, the world is downside up; second, it must therefore be turned upside down; and third, we are the people to do it." It was his belief that many things in the world and in the Church were fearfully " downside up;" and that amongst the xn^ny hopeful signs of the times to reverse this state of affairs, he knew of none more full of promise than the Salvation Army, which, though in its infancy, had attained to wondrous strength, had won world-wide victories already, and with a singular freshness and power pro 3lamed that "there is another king, one Jesus," in whoseilmighty name they summoned men everywhere to surrender and sin no more. Their confidence was in Him, and so they sang everywhere:— '< With ' Blood and Fire unfurled,' Marching to victory grand, The Army means to lead the world, To Zion's happy land." In His name they are pledged to " fight the good fight." They dare to say that they mean to" overturn, overturn, overturn," by the Holy Spirit's power, everytlmg that usurps Christ's rightful place in evenr heart tley can reach, "until He come whose right it is" to reign supreme over all. The lecturer said that, so far as he coujd form a judgment, it was his belief that this was tte most remarkable religions movement since the Retomation. It was organised on scriptural lines. The largest spiritual liberty compatible with the closest military formation were united in its constitution. It aimed first a death-blow at sin, then the capture and restoration ot the sinner, and then his enlistment and employment tor life in the army of those who are faithful unto death. Indirectly it struck a destructive blow at all proud and formal ecclesiasticism. It was a divine Tolcamc, spiritual force suddenly awakened. It would destroy much which the Church would.be the better for losing; but it would bless mankind far and wide. The story ol the work had amazed, humbled, and reinvigotated him, and read like another chapter in the Acts of tte Apostles. It was God's work. Like the burning bush wlich Moses saw, God was there. Let all beware who would strive to hinder its glorious progress. In the ages to come, it was his belief the story of the Salvation Army would shine—for its glory would be for ever and ever. Mr. Dowie then proceeded to trace the origin ot this work. After ascribing its rise to Him in whom are aU toe springs of wisdom, love, and power, he showed that He was pleased to begin this Army by sending forth oneman to stand alone, but for His presence, amidst the goeUess multitudes of the great modern Babel called London. That man was William Booth. His career was then rapidly sketched. Born at Nottingham -in the year 1829, he was brought up to attend the services of the Church of England, but at the age of fourteen left these for the Wesleyan Society, where a year later he was converted. He became at once a preacher with all his soul, speaking outside and in all weathers. At seventeenhe was an accredited lav preacher, and entered the ministry of the Methodist New Connexion at the age of twenty-four. He was stationed in London, but his fame as a soulwinner led hi™ quickly into wider evangelistic work than he could have in a pastoral charge. At Guernsey, where the Society invited him, , it was estimated that, in ten days, no less than three hundred persons decided for God. Longton, Hanley, Burslem, Newcastle-under-Lynne, Stoke, Oldbury, Bradford, Gateshead, and Manchester were visited for similar work, and with great results. The Conference set him apart as an evangelist for about two years, during which ha preached in many great centres of population, amongst which were Sheffield, where 663 souls were registered as converts in four weeks; Hanley, 450; Newcastle-under-Lynne, 290 in one week; and Halifax, over 400 in four weeks. Fifteen persons amongst these converts are known to have entered the ministry of different denominations. Some ministers, however, opposed Mr. Booth's further employment as an evangelist, and he returned for four years to pastoral work. But his experience and convictions led him again to offer himself as an evangelist. The Conference of 1961 deliberately refused to allow him to return to that work for which God had proved himto.be so well fitted. He therefore resigned his position in the ministry alid went forth, trusting in God for support, to hold services wherever a door might open. ' For four years he thus labored, with Mrs. Booth, and with success. But in 1835 the state of the enormous population of utterly godlee people living in the east end of London was most heavily laid upon his heart. He felt strangely drawn oiit for their salvation, and resolved in the strength of Grod to spend the remainder of his life in striving to win'for Christ the hearts of the degraded heathen millions cf England. In the open-air, on a vacant piece of land bjr the side of the Mile Endroad, amongst the shows; quack doctors, and petty dealers who strive to attract the poor, he stood up and unfolded his commission from God, preached the everlasting Gospel, and founded that Christian Mission which grew into, and is nov called, the Salvation Army. Mr. Dowie then rapidly drew a picture of Mr. Booth at work amongst these weary, poor, sin-burdened masses of men and women, and described his personal appearance, style of preaching,] and manner. The principal associates of General Bootl were then described. Mrs. Booth, the eloquent defender of woman's right to preach, and of the principles and practices of the Army, whose published works are widely read, and display very high qualities both of head and (heart. She is as welcome a preacher in the Belgraviaij mansions of the rich, where she frequently conducts drtymg-room services, as she is in the Headquarter'b Hall,.at Whitechapel, among the poorest of the poor. ME Bramwell Booth, an able evangelist, and excellent organiser and director of army operations ; Miss Booth, orte of whose converts is now the captain of the Adelaide Icorps, and who, after most successful work in England,'has now carried the "Blood (of Christ) and Fire " (of ifie Holy Ghost) flag of the Army over into France, whtre she is now preaching in the language of that grea|i country; Mr.. Ballingtoh Booth, a foremost "captafy," whose labors have been greatly blessed ; Miss Emma and Mr. Howard Booth, most earnest Boldiers—all! of whom are sons ana daughters of the generalj-were then described. In quick succession George R. failton, " Commissioner " to the United States of America for the Army, and the author of " Heathen Enghnd," a very remarkable account of the condition of the ihasses, and the work of the Army amongst them, and' "Majors'' Corbridge, *Dow31e, "Bla'ndy, Oadman, arid others at Headquarters, were brought forward by the lecturer. Mr. Dowie then dealt with the seoond division of his subject—The Methods of the Army. In this matter of methods it seemed to him that, speaking generally, with splendid and well- known exceptions, the churches were resting on the apex of their pyramid of power, so to speak, instead of upon the broad basis of truth in regard to this matter. They rested the whole weight of the Church's work upon a one man ministry and a few associated workers, instead of upon the whole body of the Church's members, each of whom was in his and her degree responsible, and should be actively engaged in winning soals. The methods employed by the Army were the keys of its great success. These were numerous and varied. Some were fixed'and others pliable. They were described by the lecturer in detail, and with many illustrations of their usefulness and soundness in principle, which made the _ statement interesting. Processions, or " street fighting," as the Army term these attacks npon sin in the streets and lanes of the city; the use of women in all the services of praise, prayer, and preaching ; the street singing j the prayer and soul-saving after-meetings, where sinners, wounded by the King's arrows, found mercy,; the strange modes of advertising; the use of banners, badges, and uniforms were all dealt with. The adaptation of the military system to this organisation Was then discussed, and itB scripturalness defended. Extracts were read from" the " Orders and Regulations for the Salvation Army' issued from head-quarters. In the introduction to these the following words Occur, which the lecturer quoted:—" It is a remarkable fact that our system corresponds so closely to that of the army and navy of this country, that we have been able to use even the very words of many of their regulations, and of Sir Garnet Wolseley's 'Soldiers'Pocket Book.' So that we are not experimenting on some new uncertain plan; but, under the guidance of the Lord of Hosts, we have come, unknown to ourselves, into the very same sort of order which the wisest organisers of men in the world aim at; and have, of conrse, already • done better than they do, especially in this—that what they accomplish with all the authority of a great country and millions of money at command, we go beyond by the instrumentality of officers whose power comes entirely from simple trust in God. We have only to continue striving to perfect our work, and we shall very soon have a force disciplined more perfectly than any killing army ever was," Mr. Dowie then dealt with the third division of his lecture —The Victories of the Army. Reverting to the first part of his address, he described the early struggles of Mr. Booth in founding the Christian Mission in Whitechapel, London. First a tent, then an old dancing saloon were used, but eventually a lew public house was purchased entire, and converted into a Mission Hall, which was crowded to excess by eager listeners, many of whom were saved there. Then a large theatre hard by was taken for Sunday afternoons and evenings, where thousands attended, and many found salvation. Soon the work spread to other parts of London, and assisted by Mrs. Booth, branches of the Mission were established at Croydon, Hastings, Brighton, Tottenham, &c.; In 1870 the mission acquired its headquarters at Whitechapel, a building holding 2000. people. During the next three years the mission extended, until in 1873 it became a great power in the land. Illness in 1875 came to both Mr. and Mrs. Booth; but still the work grew. In 1876 branches were established at Leeds, Leicester, and Hartlepool. Troubles and also developments marked 1877. Two of the first evangelists died in that year, and it was estimated by a local paper in the town where one of these, Mary Anderson, had labored, that one fourth of the adult population gathered on an ordinary work-day afternoon to attend her funeral. But it was in 1878 that the mission sprang from weakness into strength by attacking and founding branches in no less than fifty towns, and proved thereby its right to the new name which it had asssumed at the beginning of that year, "The Salvation Army." The lecturer quoted an interesting extract from the War Cry, the Army's gazette, of Sept. 11th, 1880, showing howthat title originated:—"Three persons, who will have much to talk about in heaven some day, when their day of toil is ended, but whose labours for the Master are now incessant, were closeted for the purpose of drawing up papers of much importance at the end of the year 1877. Mr. Railton had prepared a paper intended to summarize the purposes and practices of the work, and in doing so had written, " The Christian Mission is a Volunteer Army." As the General leaned over the table, he took the pen from Mr. Railton's hand, and crossing out the word "Volunteer," wrote over it " Salvation," making it read, " The Christian Mission is a Salvation Army." All three looked at it, and pronounced it good, and it has remained so to this day. For it was not an army with military purposes, and usages, and government, and all that was wanted was the military titles and uniforms, &c.;, to render it complete. As the General often says, "God made the Army, and now the time had come to cease terming it a mission, and to call it by its right and appropriate name." Thus was the Armyformed, and after four years the following figures give a brief view of its operations on. April 18th of this year:— Number of corps or stations in Great Britain 190 Officers in active command, including cadets 395- Number of services held every week ... 3,770 Soldiers trained' and ready to speak at any time, out doors and hi 6,188 Theatres and similar buildings hired ... 92 Halls, warehouses, and other buildings owned or hired 132 Total number of buildings oocupied ... 224 Annual rental of property hired ... ,£9,676 Expended on property and in furnishing officers' quarters ,£18,531 Total sitting accommodation provided ... 141,900 . Number of people reached in the streets and highways weekly ... 3,000,000 Received and expended by the people for year ending April 12th, 1880 ,£14,669 Number of copies War Cry printed weekly over 120,000 Mr. Dowie then narrated many interesting facts, illustrative of how the Army won souls, and of the great victories which were accomplished by some of these— suoh as by the departed "captain," John Allen, the "Salvation Navvy," and others. Thetwo "captains" on the platform that night, Mr. and Mrs. Sutherland, were taken captive by the Army, and set free by Christ, and all who knew them held them in high regard for their work's sake. Last Sunday evening, in the Barracks, where he was now speaking, no less than eleven souls sought and found salvation, and such victories were going on wherever the Army went. He spoke of two letters which the "captain" had received, one from a converted burglar, in Derby, who was now a valiant and successful Christian soldier, and the other, which came only a few days since from a Church of England minister in a neighbouring colony, who had last year been awakened and converted at the head-quarters when on a visit to London, and who was now anxious to help financially the Army in Australia. The leoturer then referred to the special difficulties attending the establishment of the Army here, and its extension in due time . throughout the colonies; the need for men, women, money, wisdom, talents, and above all Divine grace. He showed how God was going before them in various ways, and referred especially to the erection of that hall by a brother (Mr. Hooker), who was working earnestly, and had dealt generously with them. There were many enemies of the Army around, and the unfriendly criticisms of many church members and ministers was hard to bear, ana harder to overoome. But the battle was the Lord's, and. He could never be oonquered. They might be few, but they could never be in the minority, for one manwith God was an absolute majority anywhere. The Army must triumph. Feeble minds and feeble faith might now delay, but could not ultimately prevent success. Let them oe all at it, and always at it, in the strength of the Lord, consecrated and holy in their lives, and the Army would soon be firmly in possession here. Let them eing at they did at home— " Yes, saving souls is our delight, Whether 'tis morning, noon, or night. Glory Hallelujah! In the streets, in the lanes—aye, anywhere, Oar cathedral is the open air. Sing, glory Hallelujah!" Mr. Dowie then proceeded with the fourth division of his lecture—the Prospects of the Army. He quoted from the closing chapter of "Heathen England," and from the introduction to the " Orders and Regulations " upon this subject, and he showed that its present organisation and past experience were a guarantee for its future; that every arrangement was being made for its complete spiritual militarisation ; and that by a Deed iqJjo e x e c u t e (* a "War Congress " held in August, 1878, and now enrolled in Chancery, General Booth had provided, so far as law could, for the future security of the Army in the event of his death. This matter was dealt with at some length by the lecturer, who was evidently in full sympathy with the fundamental principles of the organisation, and who said that in his ministerial experience of ten years he had seen the need for such a means of reaching the unsaved multitudes who seldom or never entered the churches. He said that during the last three and a half years it was especially so, for, having resigned his position as a pastor of a Congregational church, and retired from denominational connection, he had for three years conducted a phristian Mission in the theatres, and halls, and open air in Sydney, and was convinced that the Army lines of working were both scriptural and the best he had yet seen for doing the great work of destroying the works of the devil, and of doing the work of the Lord in saving the perishing. These convictions had led him after much prayer and thought to deliver that lecture, and to accept its full consequences, whatever they might be. He then earnestly pleadedfor help • TS Corps. He spoke of the many men of note m England 6 A d e l a i who d e aided the Army by money, influence, and co-operation. Every Christian should help so far as he could. TH'e friendly attitude of the Army towards existing Christian institutions is well expressed in the following words of its eloquent champion, the author of Heathen England"—" Let it be clearly understood u- i^6 sight of and depreciate no other agency which God has raised up; and that we rejoice with aU our fellow- labourers in every sheaf gathered from any part of the great harvest field." The field into which the Army went to fight for the Lord was the great harvest field of the world lying in sin around the churches. It was not formed to attack denominationalism or any other ism of an ecclesiastical kind, the lecturer ' the sin and practical heathenism which was dominant b u t t o a t t everywhere,even a c k in so-called Christian wilds. He invited them to attend the meetings held there every night, and see for themselves what the Lord was doing by means of the Army in Adelaide already. He said there were but two great armies fighting in this world.; the mission of one was to slay the souls of men, and the mission of the other was to save them. All men, whether they would or no, were marching through time into eternity in the ranks of one or the other. Where, *J«? ' ' your mission ? After further pleading S a y a r e y o u and a n d earnest w l l a t i s exhortation, Mr Dowie closed by repeating some words recently employed by General Booth, as follows :—" An organisation which caii drag a ruffian out ef the public house, and within twelve hours march him singing past the door clean and tody, under the command of somebody who was just like bis own former self but a few months since; which can train mm however ignorant and stutteringly he may do it at first, to preach to the thousands of the town before they have forgotten his recent appearance as a drunkard—such an organisation can safely defy criticism, for only the power rfGod can create or sustain it. What will it become f Whereunto will it grow ? God only knows ; let us trust Him." The lecture, which occupied nearly two hours, was most attentively listened to throughout, accompanied by appreciative responses and applause, and at the close Mr. Dowie was awarded a hearty vote of thanks. A similar compliment to the chairman, a hymn, and an earnest prayer, brought the proceedings of the evening to a close about ten o'clock. At the door several of the books to which Mr. Dowie had referred were for sale, especially "Heathen England." and " Aggressive Christianity," and were purchased by some of the audience on retiring. 