A London Ghost at Noonday. We (Pall Mall Gazette) have received the following extraordinary narrative from a correspondent for whose good faith and professional atfuteness we can vouch : He substantiates his story with full de tails of dates, names, and places, which, however, for the sake of survivors he does not wish to be published. Without auy further preface we Jay his letter before our readers :— As my wife and I were sit ting at breakfast with a guest, who I will call Mr A,— then on a visit for the first time in our house and neighbourhood, our maidservant passed out of the room on her way to the kitchen. As she closed the door Mr A — startled me by saying. ' I saw a spirit of a man follow ing that woman, who, as he passed, said distinctly in my hearing ' God judgeth not as man judgeth. 1 was innocent of the murder for which I have been hanged i was there but I did not strike the blow.' _' What is it like 1' I asked. He re plied by describing a young Irishman whom I recognised at once as the husband of my * domestic who a year or two before had been ex ecuted on a charge of murder. Mr A— a complete stranger to the locality, had only met me for the first time a few days before, and he wa3 totally ignorant of the crime in which my servant was so deeply interested. For obvious reasons the subject was never alluded to in our household, where the widow was regarded with feelings of the deepest sympathy, which led us to avoid as much as possible all reference to her husband's fate. I had previously good reason' to doubt whether the evidence against him justified his exe cution. He had died protesting his in nocence. His wife and friends were firmly convinced that, although he had been in the fight, it was not by his hand that the fatal blow had been dealt. In addition to this I bad good reason to be lieve that the real murderer was still at large. You can easily imagine my aston ishment when -Mr A — suddenly ventured upon forbidden ground, and abruptly de clared that the spirit of a man who had suffered the capital penalty, and whose personal appearance, exactly coincided with that of the unfortunate Irishman, was actually following the servant about the house proclaiming his innocence in accents which, although inaudible to me, my guest declared were perfectly audible to him. I had heard that Mr A. had been a ''seer,' but I was not a little startled at this striking illustration of his peculiar tacuity. l remarked that it was very strange, and informed him that the woman whom he had just seen for the first time with hcrgbostly companion was really the widow of an executed felon. Some time afterwards ho exclaimed— 'There he is again, repeating the same words !' Intently interested by this sudden and apparently supernatural con firmation of my suspicions, I determined to put the seersllip of my guest to what 1 regarded as a crucial test. I told M A. that shortly afterwards I was going into town, and as I should be passing the spot where the murder was committed perhaps his ghostly visitant might indi cate the place where the dead man lay. Some time afterwards we started for the town. When wo left the house Mr A. remarked, 'There he is following us,' 'alluding to tho spirit.' When we had proceeded part ot tho way along the. road, which was quite unknown to. my friend, I made a detour to make a busi ness call, arid went .along another street, Mr A. following mo. Just as, without a word on my part, we were turning out of the main road, Mr A. said— 'The spirit is standing at tho corner. Ho says we are not going the right way towards the place where tho murder was com mitted, and which ho has promised to point out to me.' 1 replied, 'Oh we shall- como out in tho main road again by and by before wo reach the spot.' Wo proceeded on about a quarter of a mile, and having done my business and struck the main road again— which differed, I may . remark, from none of the other roads wo had traversed— Mr A. soon after declared, 'There is that man just . on there, waiting for us.' As we con tinued our walk, 1 purposely refrained from uttering a word, or even from think ing, as far as 1 could, about the murder, so as to prevent any possibility of my companion obtaining, any clue. As we were passing through one of the lowest parts of the town Mr A. suddenly ex claimed — 'He tells me that it was here the murder was committed. It was just there (pointing to tho place in the road) where tho murdered man fell. I see tho ?hubbub and confusion rise up before me as a picture, with the people round. He, however, again tells me that he did not strike the fatal blow. He does pot excuse himself from being morally guilty as being mixed up with those who accom plished the death of the man, but strongly maintains that he was not the murderer.' I will only add in relation to the last in cident that Mr A. described the exact spot where the murder was committed, and the circumstances in connection herewith. How can you account for that 1 Mr A. had never been in the town before ; he had never lived within a couple of hundred miles of it ; he did not know till within a da/ or two before ho arrived that he would ever visit it ; he could not by any possibility have known that tho poor woman in my employ was the widow of a' man who was hanged. He had no conceivable interest in deceiv ing me, nor was he concerned to prose cute the matter any further. I have iu vain attempted to account for his story, nor can I on any of the popular hypotheses explain to my own satisfaction how he saw that ghost at noonday. 