STORYTELLER BELL THE BLACKSMITH, OE From the Anvil to t'.ie Bench. CHAPTER XVIII. ELLA HABPELL*8 RETUBN. Robert Truxton's new work so crowded on him that be could give but little time to the mills. Fortunately, matters were so thoroughly systematized, and the sub . ordinates were so efficient, that they could go on for some time without a head. Indeed, the superintendents and clerks an fllllv nnnrPRlAtAfi flip trail hlp.R find anxieties of -the junior member that they redoubled their care and efforts, so as to lighten his burden. And even the operatives would gladly have worked over hours, at this season, to show how profound was their interest in, if not their love for, the missing man. Vet with all this aid Bobert Truxton was cruwueu wiui uares, mm 111b uuuuw oyeo bespoke sleepless nights, and the greener ] yellow of his eyes and cheeks went far to prove the medical theory tbat a troubled mind makes a torpid liver. ' Rachel,' he said, the morning after his arrival _at tbe Marpell place, ' Ella arrives' to-day, and I think that it would be better for you to meet her alone. I see by the papers that the Columbia is expected at noon, so take the carriage and go down.' ' And do you think it would be well to tell her what has taken place ?' asked Rachel. ' By no means. She haB trouble enough. Greet her heartily. Say I am busy ; that father is away ; thai we have moved to her house, so that she may feel more at home. Confound it, Rachel, you know what to say better than I do.' ' Then if I do, why advise me !' ' Because you asked for it,' he snapped. 'Then it is understood that you go!' ' It is,' replied Rachel. Whereupon Robert hastened off to spend an hour at the mills, and the balance of the day in the company of Lawyer Hicks, the ' brain' dostor, and the private detectives. Rachel Truxton did not relish the idea of going into the city alone, but ap preciating the necessity, and being a woman ot some resolution, she carried out her pledge to the letter. On her way down to the mills she p issed ' the Bell cottage,' and was hailed by Mrs. Bell, standing at the gate. ' Any news of your father ?' asked Mrs. Bell. Rachel called to the driver to stop, and then asked Mrs. Bell to repeat her question, which that lady did. ' We have heard nothing,' said Rachel, ' only a reiteration of the fact that he was last seen in the company of your son.' ' I think,' said Mrs. Bell, ' that ; Frank was the first to announce that | fact.' ' It would have been madness for him : to deny it. I hope he may Bee fit to tell us more.' j ' What more ?' I ' All he knows. Should he do so, it will win our everlasting gratitude ; and j brother and I, so far as lies in our power, will protect him from the consequences of his acts.' j ' I do not understand you, for I cannot I believe that you are so wickedly malicious I as to attribute your father's absence : to my son,' said Mrs. Bell, turning white as the kerchief about her neck. ' We shall see, madam. Drive on, Thomas.' And Miss Rachel was hurled down tbe hill and through the village, while Mrs. Bell, trembling with horror and indignation, entered tbe cottage. The carnage wae closed and the cur tains drawn, so that Rachel escaped ob servation as she was hurried down to the steamship pier, but the splendid horses attracted general attention, and as will be seen, bad some effect on this record. When Rachel reached the pier the company's barges were landing tbe pas sengers. She got out, and was about to inquire for Miss Marpell, when a man in naval uniform touched bis bat and said : ' I beg your pardon ; but are you in search of one of tbe Columbia's passen gers ?' ' I have come to take Miss Ella Mar pell,' replied Rachel. ' My name is Lloyd: I am the purser of the Columbia, and have been sent by our docto r to look for Mr. Truxton ; I presume-you are his wife — 11 . ' His daughter,' said Rachel. 'I beg. your pardon,' and tbe good looking purser blushed at bis mistake. ' Miss Marpell,' be went on, ' has com pletely broken down. Poor young lady, she has had a very, hard time of it. She is now confined, to her state-room. If you will come with me I will take you on board. I think, however, that it would be well for you to hare a physician with you — at least when you are. going home.' 'A physician J'- repeated Rachel. ' ' ' Ves ; I should think.there would be no trouble about? that. 1 But if you do not know any near by, I shall .find .you one,' said the obliging young officer. Rachel was about to accept his offer, ] when her wandering eyes were gladdened ; by a sight of Totn Lipp, who,incompany ; with Mr. Eph. HodgfH-the -deputy-^,; were amusing themselves hylopking.at the passengers, and .craeking jjokes frith the custom bouse officers, with whom they seemed on the best of terms* Motioning Lipp (o approach, she asked : ' Can you find me Docter Badger t' ' I can, ma'am,' replied Lipp, remov ing bis hat in order to push bacs bis hair, or, it may be as a mark of deference. ' How long will it take yon ?' ' That depends, Miss. ' If you let me free to hire a carriage, I'd have him here in no time.' Tom Lipp glanced at the splendid vehicle in which she had come, but refusing to interpret his wish, she banded him five dollars and told him to have the doctor onboard the Columbia at once. ' Now, sir,' she Baid, graciously smil ing at the young officer, yet retaining a fitting expression of sadness, ' if you would take me to the poor, dear child, I should be very thankful.' The purser bowed and led the way to the barge, which was about to return to the Columbia, now anchored in mid stream. The purser introduced Rachel to the captain, and that gentleman, with an anxious look in his fine eyes, conducted her to Ella Marpell's state-room. Ella lay in the lower berth, with her dark eyes closed, and her beautiful face so much aged and blanc{ied, and wasted, that she looked as if she might never wake again. ' This is Miss Truxton, your friend, come for you,' said the stewardess of the steamer, leaning over and whispering. With a faint cry Ella tried to raise herself, and failing to do so, reached out her trembling arms. In tbat moment, when assured by the sight of a familiar face that she was indeed back to the land of her love and her birth, a comparative stranger would have been hailed as a friend. In Ella's gentle heart there had never been much affection for Robert or Rachel, though her natural courtesy led her to treat them with courtesy and respect and considera tion wbich they had mistaken for warmth. Now, however, she felt a glow of delight at the sight of Rachel that made her actually love her for the moment. Injustice to Rachel, it should be said that tbe condition in which she found Ella Marpell affected her seriously. She knelt beside the bed, and throwing her arms about the poor girl, gave way to tears ; and she would have become hysterical bad not the captain and the stewardess soothed her into control. Doctor Badger, better dressed than usual, and wiih a palpable affection of professional dignity, appeared in tbe state-room before Rachel had fully re gained self-possession. With great per ception he took in the situation, for which he had been somewhat prepared by Tom Lipp, who had summoned him, and by the purser, whom he had met at the door. Rachel managed to introduce Doctor Badger, and the captain and stewardess withdrew. The excitement, and, it may be added, tho joy of this meeting — tho first rift in the clouds of trouble and affliction that had so long enveloped her — brought a false strength to Ella's wasted frame and gave a deceptive but becoming color to her hollow cheeks. 'I think I am strong enough to ride home,' she said, in answer to Badger's question. ' I know I shall feel better after I have rested and when I find my self among my friends.' 'Oh, bless me, my dear young lady,' said Badger, feeling ber pulse for tbe fifth time, and measuring its beat by bis watch as usual, ' we shall have you well in no time. We can fix up a comfort- j able cot on the back seat, wrap you up as j snug as if you were in a bower of roses, j and have you home and in bed in just about no time. I'll go out to make tbe preparations.' | When Badger had left the state-room Ella motioned for Rachel to draw nearer, j and when she had done so, she whispered: ' Rachel, do not forget — her.' Rachel was about to ask an explana tion, but the misty look in Ella's eyes and an indescribable downward glance fully j interpreted ber request. The poor child had in bei mind now, as she had through weeks of suffering and solitude, the mother lying in a narrow bed down in the hold of the great ship. Rachel had overlooked this, but as it would not do to let Ella know it, she said : ' Certainly, my dear pet, that is all ] being attended to and she stooped and j kissed ber again. 'She asked,' whispered Ella, ' to be ? buried beside my father.' ' Yes, my dear. There now, do not worry. All shall be attended to. Robert will be here, perhaps before we leave.' ' And your father — my guardian I' ' Obi he was unexpectedly called away before your letter came. Bat do hot talk, my dear, till we get home ; the j doctor thinks we should economize your strength. ' Rachel began smoothing back the dark brown hair from the white, girlish fore headland Ella elosed her eyes with that peaceful look . that is often seen on the faces of those who have passed suddenly aw&y.; , Badger proved himself to be a man V fine . executive ability. The captain mentioned to bim about the body in the boll, and assuming a power of attorney frcm -Robert Trurtoo, the doctor had it sent to an undertaker's to await farther orders. Then.iithihe aid of tbe ship's officers, ; a portable cot w« arranged, with— . a oaoopy apoTO it ;to; shield the sick girl froni': die glaring son and keen wind. Th is florib, he in ttraoted the etfywdesB and Miss iiaohej as to how bis patient should be dressed and wrapped np. He was indefatigable in bis efforts till Ella was placed in an easy position in the carriage, wbeo be and Baobel got in, olosed the doors and palled down the curtains. Tbedrirer, being caationed to move with as much rapidity as be could, consistently witb 8S little jolting as possible, started for Trnxton's Mills. As has been seen, Badger was a great believer in narootics and sedatives, and having administered a dose of the former to Ella, after she was placed in the carriage, she dropped into a heavy sleep, and was quite unconscious when she was carried to ber own room in the old house. 'Well, Doctor Badger,' said Rachel, when she and that gentleman had entered the parlor, after seeing that Ella was comfortable, ' what do you think of Ella Marpel ?' '? I think,' said Badger, beaming great love on her with his brown eye, ' that the chances are all against ber getting well — ' ' You shock me I' cried Rachel. 'She wouldn't have the ghost of a chance if she had not fallen into my hands. I presume, Miss Rachel, that you will think me vain — ' 'Yon're not at all so, Doctor; but most men with your acquirements would be,' said Rachel, with averted head. Badger snatched up her hand, kissed it, pretended to be overwhelmed at his own audacity, and stammeringly asked to be forgiven. He was pardoned with a graciousness that would have induced an ordinary man to repeat the offence at once; but Badger was not an ordinary man. Coming back to the subject, and still holdiDg the enchantress with his brown eye, he continued : ' It is possible, barely possible, to save her. She will require constant nursing, and I should be free to visit her at all hours — ' ' I am sure, Doctor, that neither I nor my brother have ever given you to understand that your visits were not wel come under any circumstance — ' ' Bless me 1 how I thank you for those comforting words ! Pardon me ; but R-r-r- r-Tache — Miss — Rache — I — ' Here Badger lost all self-control, and forgot himself so far that he kissed her cheek with a vigorous smack. She did not fly back. She manifested no anger ; indeed, she took to the novel sensation of being kissed by bearded lips so kindly that Badger repeated the transgression. And emboldened by his success, he en circled her waist with his right arm, and she closed her eyes dreamily, and laid her head upon his shoulder. CHAPTER XIX. IN WHICH FRANK BULL'S GOOD LUOK DE SERTS Bill. Said Judge Leonard, when parting witb Frank Bell the night tbat great divorce case bad been deoided : ' My dear fellow, you oaa coant on me in your troubles ; but let me give you a little adv-oe.' Tbe judge waited, aod Frank said : ' I should be pleased to bear yoar advice, Jadge, and I promise you in advance to act on it to the letter.' ' I believe you. Now yoa have seen tbat in this unfortunate Trnxton matter yon are much mixed up, at least tbe papers and the people persist in mixing yon up — ' ' And you might add, Judge, that the law suspects me, for I am quite veil aware that I cannot make a move with out being watobed by tbe detectives.' ' I am glad you added tbat. But here is the point: you mu^t exercise the greatest prudence in alt your acts. Now, my dear fellow, it was not ooly natural, but right and proper, tbat yon should acoompany your annt to the bouse of her missing husband, and tbat being there — or in any place else — you should defend ber from tbe assaults of any cowardly brnte tbat might dare to lay violent bands on ber. But you can see bow your conduct has been misoon tiraed. It has been reported in the papers — ' ' But tbe report was false,' said Frank. ' Granted ; but yon should bear in mind tbat it is falsehood and not troth tbat good men dread. That it is of cowards and not of brave men we should have a' fear. You must not complicate matters further. Keep away from this young Truxton and bis sister ; and above' all things, bide the dislike yoa must feel for them. Candor and manliness lead ing to the belief tbat every one means to be just aod honest aB yourself, is an error yon will reject wheo yoa have been at the bar as long as myself. Bleep straight on about yoar business Take no notioe of the sneers or winks, or whisperings of suspicion — ' ' But, gracious heaven ! Jadge Leonard, am I not a man, with all an honorable man's feelings ? Oould yon remain plaoid and asiint-lika under tbe conditions yon have' supposed ?' 'lam afraid not, ' said the judge, shaking his head, ' but you have mjri self-command than I; and then I am giving you wbat I know to be good ad vice; and I feel oertain that 'a negleci to oarry it out will result disastrously. You must be satisfied. I know, tbongb I could not begin to hypothesize a eola tion, that yoa are the main object at whiph a very remarkable conspiracy is being, aimed. Why, man,- yoa may be called oil before yoa know it to fight- in our bourts for not^ only your liberty, bu your life,1 'said the jadge, witb the impas sioned earnesttesB of 'friendship. ' .'''Aod strong ia myibnocenee, I ahal . .. '?'Jfififbiifti wPa But : if my:iiittai6Bi- tare correct, you will find joorselt entangled iu a mesh of skilfully prepared J circumstantial ovidencafr.'tn which oniy a miracle can extricate you. I hope 1 may be mistaken ; but, truthfully, I oould not eleep last night for thinking of the danger tbat threatened yoa.' ' Then you must have heard more than I have been told,' said Frank. ' I cannot say tbat, though m ;u would speak before me as they wjuI.1 not dare to do in your presence. Tue absence of Mr. Truxtuu is exciting t he town, and is the one subjeot into whi.:h every other topio event jally drif Suspicion is often more te ribie thm a direct charge, for it is m'jre difficult to meet it and set it aside ; and it is better that you should know that buspioiou passes over every person cuuoecteii wit'i this affair and steadily points her finger at you.' Strong and brave as Frank Bell was he paled and trembled as he beard tuiei. ihe white name inherited troin genera tions of honored anoeBtors was being blackened without the shadow ot a cause. All the ambitions of hia uard workiug life were confronted by tbia impassible barrier, tbat mocked ih«lruit of his aspirations and the end of uu hopes. If tbe judge were not mistaken — aud be was not a mau of impulses — the future to Frank Bell was a black valley filled witu ghostly, spectral figures — tbe figures of crimes visible to ali eyes but his own. ' I shall bear myself as becomes one oonsoious of no offence lo God or man,' said Frank, extending bis uuld hand to tbe old lawyer. ' And 1 shall let slip no opportunity,' said tbe judge, ?' to advocate your caune aud to prove my faith.' Frank rode borne in tue stage this eveuiug. Tuere was a great leeling ot weariness ou hiui and a ssuse of becoming rapidly uui. As be amended the bill to bis cottage be feit as if tu. ie were ^r.^t wei^Uiu at tached to bis luet. He rtOUle i tbat be had never bad tbia weakness aod weari ness when returning Ir.Jin a hard bay's woik at tbe auvil, aud iu ui.i heart he re gretted ever iiaviuu- aspirtd to a wider field. He was in uu butnor to reason tbat tbe sime m;*lui tuues might have come — wouiU bave cjin. — hid he re maiued Inboiiug among tho ula and ihe stiil slaUuch Iriemlb. Witi- loviug i.iio gbt he bad always tried to bide fruui U1.1 UJO h;r all ni care, aud sue, *e-'iug tun ujo bis pui pose, never bintiil t. b'm ilia she read uU heart as it it were a book, and knew | all his bupes, and lelt all uis trials. ' You are working too hard, my boy,' 6he said, luokiug up from ber plate at tbe supper table, aud uoticiug that be left his food untouched. ' No,' he said, with an effort at light ness, ' it is not tbat. li is tbe change from daily physical exercise to a com paratively sedentary life. I shall beoome accustomed to it by and by.' ' And there is still no news from Mr. Truxton ?' '* None tbat 1 have beard, mother.' ' Any further word from Ella Mar pell ? I am very anxious to koow bow her mother is.' Mrs. Bell watubed ber son's face ; aod bat for its pallor and tbe very aged expression she would have tuld bim tbat she had seen a hearse aod tbe Trutton carriage goiog to the Mar pell place tbat afternoon : instead she Baid : '? Bobert and Rachel have moved ; but you knew tbat before yoa went into town ?' i ' Yes, mother.' I Tbey were sitting by the fire, talking in tbe low tones that always accompany sadness, when a knookcame to the door, and on its being opened, Joseph Trux ton and Gilbert Bell entered. ' How do you do, dear mother 1' ' How are you, Aan't Mary ?' '? Hello, Frank 1' With these salutations t be young men kissed Mrs. Bell and shook Frank's hand. ' I suppos?, aunt,' said Joseph, ' you are surprised to see us. And has Frank told you tbat he bas discovered our dis reputable calling!' asked Joseph, as he ! drew up a chair. ' He has not,' said tbe surprised woman. ' Well, the night that father was lost, he and Frank came to see Gilbert and me act on the stage. I judge they admired the performance. I know the people did. It was a big house, but the sight of them came near sending me into a stage fright. Our engagement ended last night, and we have come out to see what aid we can give.' \- Tbe missing man being, as usual, the subject uppermost in their minds, Mrs. Bell, who would hare been greatly exer cised on any other occasion to learn that her soil and her nephew were 'play- actors,' as she would «all them, said : ' I fear yon can do no good.' ' But we can tiy. Wait, aunt, till the ; proper time comes and you shall see,'* 1 said Joseph Truxton, with a menacing j glance at Gilbert. j ' My main object in coming out was to ' tell Frank something that I saw and heard to-day/' said Gilbert. j ' What is it?' asked Frank, apprecia- j ting even with all his trouble that Gilbert j and Joseph were amuually handsome i young men. J ' I was down on the docks to-day, was j going to visit a friend of mine— the doctor 1 of the ocean steamer Colombia — when I saw Truxton's carriage dash up the pier, and Miss Rachel get outr— ' ' Yes 1' gasped Frank; now trembling; with excitement. ^ i.--. 'I overheard her. tell .tii»t faffian, Lipp, whohas' been, f rowlingj aronndtthe. tail Is - foe the past year, that he most bring 1 ctor Badger at once to tbe steamer, for a young lady was very sick on board, and she wanted to take her home with het — ' ' Mv God I' exclaimed Frank. ' It is El'a I' and he rose to his feet and glanced at the door, as if he would dash out and fly to her. ' Here me out,' said Gilbert, ' it may not be near as bad as you think.' He laid his hand on his brother's arm, arid gently forced him back to his chair. Then he went on to say that he learned from his friend, tiie doctor of the Columbia, that Miss Marpell had been completely prostrated by her mother's death and pre vious illness, but thafr he thought she would rally under the good nursing and professionial care she would bo sure to get when in the hands of her friends. ' I saw them carrying her ashore, but could not get a glimpse of her face. Everybody on board, from the captain to the waiters, was deeply interested in her case.' ' And did you tell them that you knew her 1' asked Mrs. Bell. ' I told the doctor all about her. But I thought it best under the circumstanccs, that shu, — tbat is Rachel — should not be aware of my presence. You may not know that Joseph and I, as well as a man we have hired, are trying to watch the move ments of Robert and Rachel.' ' Mother,' said F.*auk abruptly, ' I must see Ella to night— .ir you must ! I cannot stand this torture. If I sit here another hour I shall strangle.' ' But, my son,' said Mrs. Bell, ' do you thiuk they would permit us to enter the house?' ' Permit? It is not their house, and I have a right to go there,' he said, in a tone almost fierce. 'A right I' she repeated. 'What right Frank ?' ' The right which every man has to eeo his affiancied wife. I thought to keep the secret from you,' he said, drawing his mother nearer to him, and kissing her witli his old affectionate manner. ' In her last letter,' he went on, ' she promised to become my wife the day she became of age. I am surprised that she did not write me about her great misfor tune ; but poor girl, I can see that she was on.y able to pen the line that informed the Truxton's of her bereavement.' ' Then you are determined to see her to-night?' asked Joseph Truxton. ' ?' I shall see her, or my mother shall if I have to fight my way to her bedside— and they'll be rash men if they opuoae ine at this time,' said Frank Bell, forgetting all Judge Leonard's advice in tbe whirl ing excitement and anxiety of tho moment. 'Then I'd go armed,' suggested Gilbert; ' or one of us will go with you, while the other watches, the house.' ' I never carried an arm for protection in my life, aud I shall not begin now. Both of you remain here. You can go up to see Aunt Ida and Kate when I return.' Mrs. Bell, though anxious to see Ella Marpell, accompanied her son with a re luctance she had trouble in concealing. But she was so absorbed in his object that it is doubtful if he would have noticed a positive opposition. He certainly would not have been influenced by it. ' Well,' said Joseph Truxton, when he and Gilbert Bell were alone in the cottage, ' we are actors in a drama that promises to be more exciting, to us, than rver the mock affair was to an audience.' ' Yes ; and in that drama we shall play our part like men. I am determined to save Frank Bell at any cost, for he is innocent.' ' And I am with you to tho death,' said Joseph, with dramatic earnestness. They shook hands, and so 6tood when a knock came to the door. Gilbert opened it, and, without a solution, four men with grim faces and heavy steps came in. 'Is this Bell's?' asked one of the men, at the same time throwing back the flap of his coat so as to exhibit an officer's badge. ' It is,' replied Joseph. ' Is Bell in,' asked the man. 'I am Bell,' Baid Gilbert, stepping forward. ' Frank Bell T' ' No, his brother.' Said the man : ' I have an order for his arrest.' Then, taming to his companions, he continued iu a tone of command : ' Search the house at once. It looks as if be had given us the slip J' (To te continued.) Mr. Dovle, late Town Clerk of the Charter Towers Municipal Council, has brought on action against the Mayor for defamatory language used at the last meeting of the Council. Judging from the list' of civil eases set down for hear ing at the next sitting of the District Court, the people of Charters Towers are not a particularly happy family. Here are - some of the' cases : Robinson v. O Kane, libel, £200 ; M'Namara v. O'Kane, libel, £200; liowater v. Little, slander, £200 ; O'Kane v. M'Namara, libel, £200 ; O'Kane v. Hobinson, libel, £200. There are no ? fewer than four teen criminal cases set down for hearing, so that'the lawyers ought to have a jolly time of .it. The difference between having a tooth, properly drawn by a' professional surgeon, and haying it.knoeked out miscellaneously by a fall upon the pavement/is hnly a slight verbal distinction-^-one ''is dental, (and the pother accidental^''' ; ' , GBqBOiB.- (fonr yearay.pl^ ii the tea jlable-rr' -Mamma,, may,. ! have /some sar .diites ^.'iimma^^jSjait till j'm.readv, £teprgie';'; ' We me that w^nts ' ' - 