[?] John Hoskins, of Bulla Bulla, bitten by a snake, chopped off his finger, and saved his life. Te Whiti commands 1500 fighting men. at the Jindera demonstration of free selectors the other day, Mr. M'Elhotie, in his speech, thus delivered himself on the present Parliament : — Some people hoped great things of the new big Parliament. All, however, the country got, was more tools, more fools, and a far greater number of rogues than there had been before — parasites who half the time were not in the House, and, when they were, were working their own little games." The Sydney News of the 22nd ultimo says: — The hopes that had been expressed that no further loss of life had taken place during the heavy gale last week, were shattered by the re ceipt of a telegram late yesterday afternoon, by the port authorities from the Victorian Go vernment, stating that grave fears were felt in Melbourne that the well-known s.s. Balclutha bad foundered with all hands off Cape Everard, on Friday night. It was known that she had left Melbourne on Wednesday last for Sydney, being chartered to convey 300 tons of blue- stone cubes for the new Homebush Cattle Yards. She was passed by the steamer Bar- rabool from Sydney for Melbourne off Cape Everard at 7 a.m. on Friday morning, since when she has not been heard of, but it was thought in shipping circles in this city that she had gone in under the land for shelter, and had been detained through the heavy sea. As soon as the authorities became aware of the steamer being missing, instructions were sent to the South Head for the Captain Cook pilot steamer to at once get ready to proceed in search, and she left fully equipped shortly before daylight this morning. Meanwhile, the Victorian authorities had dispatched a steamer in search, which left Melbourne about 3.30 p.m. yesterday afternoon. The Balclntha is known to be an excellent sea boa's, especially under sail, and opinions are expressed that she might have been driven a long way off the land. In this event the crew before sighting land would suffer great privations, as it is known that she only carried a small supply of stores on board, and hopes are expressed that she may be shortly signalled at some point off the coast. The Balclutha last cleared the port on 11th October, when the following men formed the crew: C. F. Poole master, James Joughin mate, Thomas Harwood second mate, Olief An derson A.B., L. Johnson A.B., David D. Mills chief engineer, W. James Gilchrist second engineer, Henry Crossmnnn A.B.; George Cooby Jas. Donagubue, and Thomas Boddington, fire men ; MorriB Edwards trimmed, Alexander Costa cook and steward, Frederick Nash fire man, James Henry A.B., Archibald Allandice fireman. The Balcluaha is the property of Messrs. Amos, Poole, and Co., and is, we be lieve, insured for £2000. Whilst touching on the question of rowing, it is stated in the Sporting Life of the 7th Sep tember that Edward Hanlan, of Toronto, the champion sculler of the world, intends to make a professional trip to Australia after his match with Wallace Ross, and that he may possibly come out with the English cricketing team A bint is thrown out by this cynical sporting paper to the effect that, should any Australian scullers desire to contest with him, Hanlan will not be averse to affording them an opportunity of testing their powers with him. But since Han lan decided on coming to Australia he has ac cepted a- challenge from Trickett to row for a good round sum, Trickett will not be averse to trying conclusions with the champieu sculler of the world before he leaves his home to visit Australia. There are thousands at this end of the globe who are not at all satisfied with Trickett'8 defeat on the Thames ; he had lost all his old form and vigour, and in the opinion of those capable of forming an unbiassed epinion our champion sculler made an honest, but futile attempt to sustain an unblemished reputation. Trickett's determination, after so unexpected a diappointment, was never again to return here until he had regained his lost laurels, and wherever he next meets Hani tin Trickett will secure the confidence of those who are in a position to gauge his capabilities to tiirash the Canadian as soon as he regains his old form. After so discouraging a period of bad luck, it looks promising to find ap old favourite challenging his conqueror far £800 a " side. The challenge has a bona fide ring about y it, and naturally leads to the conclusion that Trickett has improved physically. Whatever may be the issue of the coming match, both contestants may be assured of a hearty welcome to these shores, especially if the Australian be successful, and then we 6ball witness a gather ing of the best oarsmen in the world, a straight way spin for the Frank Punch trophy next year. — Mail. Following the lead of many other great com mercial speculations, the Castlemaine Breweiy is passing from private hands to a limited com pany. The company will be floated in 65,000 shares at £1 each, of which Messrs. Fitzgerald and Prendergast will take up 25,000, thus pre serving a leading interest in all future transac tions while aiding their extension by an increase of capital. A unique and very interesting fea ture to intending investors is that the present proprietors guarantee a dividend of 10 per cent, per annum upon all paid up capital for the first three years.-— S. M. Herald. Annual sale of Ercildouue (Sir S. Wilson's stud sheep realised £9100. Austbalia'b 12 mouths' tea from China alone, exceeds 20,000,0001b. For move than three years Mr. W. Grncie, brewer, Hobart, has (says the Hobart Mercury) from time to time missed from his cash drawer sums of money, and he has been unable to trace the robberies to the guilty one. Time after time he had missed £1, £2, £5, and even more, and yet he has had no clue to the thief. On Saturday afternoon last a customer called upon him and paid him four £5 notes in settlement of an account. These he put away carefully in his drawer. On Monday morning lie went, as usual, to his office, and on inspecting his cash he missed one of the £5 notes. He at once informed Mr. Superintendent Pedder, who despatched D. C. Kemp to the premises to prosecute such search as he might find necessary. D. O. Kemp made a thorough search, among other places of the room of a servant girl named Mary Jane Smith, who Mr. Gracie had never suspected, and the constable was rewarded by finding the missing £5 note, together with two other £5 notes, 29 £1 notes, £12 10s in gold, and £9 18s. 2d in sil ver, in all £73 9s. 2d. Besides this money there was a quantity of linen and wearing apparel, which was identified by the members of the Gracie family, found in Smith's bedroom, and also several ball dresses and other finery in cluding gold watches, lockets, and jewellery. A marriage in high life is reported to the Pleasant Creek News as having taken place within fifty miles of Stawell recently. The bridegroom was a man over whose head had passed fully seventy summers, and the bride was a young woman about five and twenty years of age, who was employed at an hotel a few miles out of Stawell. The gay Adonis was employed at one of the stations, more out of charity than the work he performed, and re ceived in consideration for his services, 5s a week and his keep. He recently left the station for a few days, and went through the marriage ceremony with his lady-love, the money to pay the parson being lent by an obliging friend. The bridegroom then, happy to the knowledge of possession, returned to the station to where he had been euiplojed, leaving his wife in the situation Bhe occupied to earn sufficient to repay the loan necessary to pay for the ceremony and the modest spread that followed. A very short period of connubial bliss ensued at the expira tion of that time, when the young woman re pented of her bargain, and went into service again to maintain herself. Meanwhile the anxi ous young husband is bewailing his fate, and keeping both eyes openfor the chance of another such experience. Another ex ample of "married in haste, to repent at lei sure." China will in all probability unexpectedly derive advantage from the recent spectre of a Russian invasion. The palace authorities have hitherto been strongly opposed to the construc tion of railways within the frontiers of the em pire. It is not very long ago that the Chinese Government bought up and silently removed a railway constructed and worked by foreijrn capitalists, considering the Sedan chair a suffi ciently rapid and luxurious means of locomo tion. But the Ministers who had to prepnre for war were greatly hindered by the complete ab sence of suitable means of transport for troops and stores, and the people in the place are beginning to see that the great empire without railways and telegraphs is in reality defenceless. Preparations are now being made to provide for both most extensively. About a year ago the Emperor or his counsellers gave their sanction for a telegraph between PeKin, Tien-tsin, and Shanghai, which will probably be completed this year ; and but little doubt exists that all the great cities of the empire will shortly be united by telegraph. Imperial permission has also been obtained for a railway from the capital to the port of Tien-tsin, a distance of 70 miles, and from there to the river Yang-lze- kiang, 500 miles further south. The Imperial exchequer is not at present in a state to defray the expense of such extensive undertakings with the means at its disposal ; but foreign capital may be had to any extent if only sufficient guarantees are given to investors that the railways will be con structed and worked in the way desired by them. The whole movement is of the greatest signifi cance, as a proof that the Chinese are beginning to see that Confucius is somewhat antiquated, and that they must somehow or other adopt and work modern ideas if their empire is not to tumble to pieces. — Iron. A telegram in the Brisbane Observer states : H.M. schooner Conflict returned to Cooktown on October 24 with Mr. Fahey, and reports having arrived at Lizard Island on Saturday evening. Captain Izatt landed with a boats' crew and na tive troopers, and immediately proceeded to Ful ler and Watson's station, and found everything movable destroyed, and no traces of the late in habitants. PaperB, books, and furniture were strewed about in every direction, two rifles, a gun, and a sewing machine were found smashed to pieces. On Sunday morning the search was continued, and numerous deserted native camps were found, and traces of ten large canoes hav ing been beached. Some underclothing and dresses belonging to Mrs. Watson and her baby were also found at the camps. Having tho roughly searched Lizard Island, the party next proceeded to examine others in the vicinity, but without success, The vessel next proceeded to mainland, and landed the Snb-inspector and four troopers near Cape Flattery on Sunday afternoon and the locality and neighbourhood was tho roughly searched, and this morning in one native camp were found some underclothing and hair. Nothing else tending to throw light on this diabolical outrage has been discovered, and it is not known whether Mrs. Watson and infant and the two Chinamen have been murdered or are in captivity. Mrs. Watson wasleft in charge of tho station during the absence of her husband and his partner, who had proceeded about 100 miles north to form another station about one mouth since. The worst news is, however, an ticipated, and active 6earch should at once be made by land and along the coast for traces of the possible survivors. Mre. Watson and her husband are well known, and much esteemed here, and great excitement was manifested when the particulars of the outrage became known, An extraordinary ghost scare 5b reported from Garstang, North Lancashire. For some days the inhabitants have been considerably con cerned on account of the nocturnal walking of a " white ghost." The placo where the ghost has appeared is a lonely point between the railway station and the village. A few nights ago a servant was passing the point, when the ghostly object presented itself to her. She was so terrified that she could not speak, and she hastened home and went to bed, to which she has since been confined, suffering from the nervous shock. The late village postman, whose duty it was to meet the night trains with the mails, was so scared by the ghostly appearances that be gave np his office. So Btrong is the sen sation respecting tho ghost that each night bands ef young men patrol the lanes, armed with cudgels. At a Wesleyan Conference, at Liverpool re cently, attention was drawn to the overcrowded state of the ministry, there being now on the list a number of ministers for whom no circuits can be found. In view of this fact a resolution was carried that the Conference should receive no candidates for the ministry this year. The result of this decision is that no applications will be entertained until the next Conference, although seventy-two students have passed the district meetings and are eligible for the pas torate. Such an important step has only been taken twice in the last forty years. The New York Insurance Tvm.es makes some flattering comments on the progress of the Australian Mutual Provident Society and the spread of the principles of life insurance in this colony. " Among the signs, ' it says, of the croat and rapidly approaching events destined to change the relative proportions and powers of nations, is the fact that the extensive British colony of Australia, in certain social economies, interests and duties, is already outstripping the mother country. The progress' inade for inV stance, in New South Wales in life insurance has no parallel in the British dominions.'-'. - > A short history of the late storm which swept over New South Wales and Victoria .is given- by the Argus. The cyclone, as frequently happens in the spring or autumn — in other words during the equinoctial period — had its origin in the far north, somewhere near Banow'6 Creek, .in" the Northern Territory. Following a south- eiisierly- course, it was heard of in a few days at Sydney, where a tremendous gale, accompined by heavy rain, was experienced. "Die cyclone, after de viating somewhat to the north, returned south wards, thus causing the prolonged bad weather experienced in Sydney . As the cyclone moved onwards its dimensions in creased, as a whirlwind or a whirlpool might grow, until it covered a vast area. A small cyclone might have swept the New South Wales coast and crossed over to New Zealand without its existence being felt in Melbourne, but this was a disturbance of very great magnitude. Melbourne was caught by the edge of the cyclone on Thursday night, and the wind for a few hours raged with hurricane force. A report is given in the Kyncton Guardian of a magisterial inquiry into the death of Mr. Tyndol Dewsbury Thornton, who was found dead in the snow at Hesket, Mount Macedon, on Friday morning, October 21. From the evidence it appears that the deceased perished while iri:a;, state of intoxication. He left his home secretly, unknown to his wife, at 9 o'clock omthe;nig!it of the 20th, after having had a considerable quantity of drink, and made his way ton publics- house about two miles distant, where Iie'had some more nobblers, and purchased a bottle of wliiskj', with which, after having the cork drawn he started on his return journey. The night was a most tempestuous one , and" fbe"tn6w\vas falling thickly, and tho supposition is that tlie decensed fell down at the spot where lie was found about 100 ynrds'froni the liotel, and being either unable or unwilling to rise, he recourse to the whisky bottle, and having drunk himself into a state of stupefaction, fell inton sleep from which he never wakened. His body was found in the morning covered with snow, - with the whisky bottle three parts empty in a perpen dicular position alongside of liitn. ... .. . ,. The new Northern railway .line will cross the Parramatta Rives by a bridge immediately op posite Homebush, or near Ryde ; cost for double line £90,000. At Bathurst, on Friday, the jury empannelled to find whether the prisoner Oinini Onnbono, charged with rape at Spring Grove in July last, was sane or otherwise returned a verdict that prisoner was feigning madness, and 'well-able to understand the position in which lie was placed. The case was then proceeded with. The evidence was clear and conclusive, and the jury, after a short deliberation broug.it in a verdict of guilty. Sir George limes, in sentencing prisoner to death, said that he did not think it necessary to enlarge upon the enormit' of the offence prisoner had been convicted of, and earnestly advised him to think of the position in which he was placed. His case, in due course, would be con sidered by the Executive, hutJie'couhlViiotilibld-- out the slightest hope that the sentence. would- not be carried out. Outrages like the prisoner had been convicted of could not be committed with impunity, and merited a'swift and jiiat" re tribution. During the' hearing'-of tho case prisoner behaved in a most violent manner,n.nd frequently poured out a volley of oaths and. obscenity at the witnesses. .When < the Court; adjourned for lunch, prisoner made a desperate attempt to destroy himself in the gaol by knock ing his head against the wall. , . , 