,alta anu lIkrttt r. From Darkness unto Light; OR, LISLE FERRARS' ORDEAL. An Original Anglo-Australian Talo, By ORITA. Car-rzR V.-(Continued.) "Were you acquainted with my cousin, isle Ferrar, Mr. Daryl " said Neva. "Yes, Miss Dundas. I was in the habit of visiting Langi-Lang frequently, and'have known Mr. Ferrara ever since his arrival there. I think he is becoming quite colo. nised. You would be amused, I am sure, to see him in bash attire-wide.awake hat, &c.;, &c.; This sort of thing is so thoroughly un. English, that I am sure you would scarcely recognise him at shearing, or some other equally busy time, for he has quite dropped into the ways and habits of station life, and takes an active interest in all that goes on." "I dare say it would strike me as strange at first. We know and hear so little of Aus tralia and its inhabitants." " And what little you do read and hear is generally very erroneous, Miss Dundas. 1 am very often surprised at the mistakes that are made even in geographical descriptions Letters, too, come at times with most absurd addresses, displaying a lamentable amount of ignorance as to locality at the antipodes." "I have no doubt we shall be better in formed in time, Mr. DaryL For my own part, until my cousin went out to Australia, I scarcely knew there was such a place. The opening of your Exhibitions, I dare say, will tend greatly to give us a better knowledge of the colonies." "Thatis one of the advantages, I hope, to be derived from these palaces of art." "My cousin is very much charmed with the climate and scenery of Victoria. It must be very beautiful, I should imagine." "Undoubtedly ! There is not a finer cli mate in the world, and Langi-Lang is a per feet paradise." "1 suppose the Ra monds are old friends of yours,.Mr. Daryl?' "Yes; I have known them for many years. Miss Daisie and Miss Belle are especial favo rites of mine, and Mr. Raymond is a fine old fellow. There are not more hospitable or better-liked people in the Western District; for you know, I suppose, that the part of Victoria in which Langi-Lang is situated is so denominated. Is your cousin likely to re main for any length of time in Australia? 1 heard he has not taken up his abode amongst us for good, but contemplated returning to England to reside at some future time." " Oh yes, Mr. Daryl; he may come back to us at any moment," exclaims Neva, for she is confident the mystery connected with her father's death will be cleared up sooner or later; and has not Lisle assured her that when that time arrives he will start for home by the very next steamer. " Bringing his Australian bride with him, I suppose. How, do you like the idea of a colomnal cousin, Miss iandas?" "I-I-do not understand you, Mr. Daryl," falters Neva, her heart almost stop ping its beating, and her breath coming short andquick, as she waits his reply. " Surely, Mr. Ferrars has not been so sly as to keep the fact of his engagement to Miss Belle Raymond a secret from you ? Perhaps I have done wrong in mentioning it; but I presumed you knew all about it long ago." Lisle engaged to be married! Neva re . peats the words over and oier again to her self, scarce realizing their full import. A dumb'sort of agony seems to have seized her, numbing the overwhelming torrent of grief that eralong must burst forth to relieve her .of this intolerable load of anguish- or she feels she must die with this' suffocation at her reas, tms o arena pressmureon-herrnau. paralysed brain. She stillappears outwardly calm, but the effort to remain so is almost too great for her over-strong nerves; yet she manages to choke back her emotion, and sits with rigid face, and tightly- clenched hands,. essaying to answer the remarks addressed to her by Mfr. Daryl, though his words bear but little meaning to her ear, and her own voice sounds to her strange and unreal. Her only consciousness seems fixed and concentrated in one idea-the only thing alive and sentient about her, 'all else seeming dead and un. nrtural-that Lisle no longer loves her, is false toher. God help her ! One of woman's bitterest lessons has been given her to learn, and the pages will be hard to con, and the meaning deep and difficult to discover, though, if it but raise the soul to nearer communion with the divine Being who is the ruler of all our destinies, the teachings will not have been given in vain, neither for time nor for eter nity. It is only through much tribulation we gain the peace which passeth under standing, and obtain the crown, the pro mised reward hereafter for those who are called upon to bear the cross in this present life of strife and turmoil. Were it not so, many would sink, crushed and hopeless, un der the weight of the trials and afflictions that oppress them; But with this pr.ze in view we can enter the lists and battle bravely on, until the silver cord be loosed and we lay down oar burdens never to re Ssume them again. Arude awakening this to Neva's life- dream of love and happiness I I The trust and confi dence she has so fondly reared into such a great and glorious structure, enshrining all that was good, beaut;ful and true, is shaken to its very foundations: and lo I the image Spet up, fallen and levelled with the dust, is not of gold, bat only the brasen counterfeit. .. alod help such ! for'humanity is powerless to..deal with their sense of injustice and wrong;, and if aid be not granted from some higher source, the tortured soul will beat it self, like the captive bird, to death against iL prison bars, or, unable to free itself from the shackles that rend and lacerate its feeble strength, may find its end in the blacker death of madness and despair. : Neva heeds not the passing moments. Time and pnlace both seem to have been en tirely effaced from her mind by this all absorbing .and predominant idea, and she is scarcely aware that Mr. Daryl alarmed ly the strangeness of her appearance, has quit ted her-aide, and brought Tita and: Lord SfStrathavon to her assistance. Tita'~s voice and affectionate solicitude re call back the poor, wandering thoughts to the present and its surroundings. "Take me home, Titatakoe inse home 1 se wails, and Tita, trembling and frightened at the stony gaze, blanched cheeks and lips, from whence every vestige of color has fled, and dismayed and terrified at this unlooked for termination to the evening's revelry does not stop to question N? V>, but, leaing her 'in Lord Strathavon's charge, hurries off to S.look for her mother, thart they may dqnart as quickly as possible for Elm Court. Lord Strathavon bends over Neva, lvish. ing words of. tenderest endearment on an almnest inanimate object; for she has once more relapsed into a state of semi- conscious. hess, and the fond expressions of love and Ssympathy do not reach her half-petrified or Sganisation. Sense and feeling alike appear to have died out of her nature. She seems turned to stone, and perfectly oblivious of all outward sensations. On Mrs. Tregsrth's appearance, shae'per ceives that K'eva is really seriously ill. "I suPpose she is overcome with the unusual &nose; and excitement such a great change from the quiet she has so long indalged in," sheexplains, in answer to LordStrathavon's anxious inquiries. Men always look to women to enlighten them when they fail to see any cause for some,onexpected event; 5 women's discernment being so much quicker and more spontaneous than their own. For, even granted women have not a deeper power of penetration, they generally arrive at some satisfactory conclusion before even a man has ventured to form an opinion, much less come to a decision ; and they are usually correct in their conclusions. In this case, however, . though M[rs. Tregarth had given a reason to appease Lord Strathavon's anxiety, it must not be supposed she considered it the true one. She felt assured in her own mind Nova I had sustained a serious shock to her nervous 1 system, and at once connected it with some news she presumed she must have heard from Mr. Daryl, relative to Lisle Ferrars, but what its purport may have been of course she knew not. Elm Court is thrown into utter wonder. ment and surprise at the early and unex pected return of Mrs. Tregarth. Tita, and Neva ; and great is the consternation ex pressed on all sides when it is discovered that Miss Dundas has been seized with a sudden and alarming indisposition. Mrs. Dundas, in her usual helpless condi tion, can only wring her hands and blame herself as the unwitting cause of this fresh dis aster. "Why did I persuade her to go!" she cries, in self-accusation. "IMy child I my dear, dear Neva I am I to lose her too!" Neva, on hearing her mother's lamenta tions, rouses herself with a desperate effort, declaring herself much better, and, with the ghost of a smile, begs Mrs. Tregarth and Tits not to wait any longer, but return to Egerton, as the drive in the fresh air has quite revived her. "But, my dear child, we do not like to leave you," remonstrates Mrs. Tregarth ; but Neva still continues her entreaties; and then, Mrs. Tregarth, being a considerate, sensible woman, withdraws with Tits, know ing there are times and seasons when even the presence of our dearest friends is a re straint, and we pine for the solace solitude alone can confer. The pen would fail to describe this night of anguish to Neva. Suffice it to say, with only God for her witness, she fought and struggled with her sorrow, and on the mor row arose so calm and self-sustained that all Mrs. Dundas' fears were allayed, and she even rallied her upon her "foolishness" of the preceding evening. "Really, my dear Neva, you must endea your to exercise more self-control," she said. "It is very childish of you to give way in the manner you did last night. You have made yourself quite the theme of conversa tion. There have been no end of inquiries as to the state of your health already. Lord Strathavon rode over himself, quite two hours ago, to ascertain if you were any better. He is certainly most attentive. Pray do not let it occur again, Neva. I am quite upset. It is very unkind of you to try me in this way. You know how dreadfully nervous I have become. I thought my only child would certainly have a little more considera tion for me. But there, it is no use talking. Nobody has any pity for, or studies, me in the slightest degre:" and poor, weak-minded Mrs. Dondas subsides, quite exhausted by such an unusual display of energy. Cnx'rTa VI. "A note for Miss Neva," says Mary, as she enters the morning room, a few months after the events narrated in the last chapter, with a letter in her hand. "Who brought it, Mary'?" asks Noeva, taking the missive from her. "Gibson's boy, Miss Neva. He says his father is very bad." "I am sorry to hear that, Mary. But whatever can it contain," thinks Neva, scrutinising the writing, which does not ap. pear familiar to her. She opens it, and reads as follows: "Dear Miss Dundas,-Gibson is dying and "desires your presence, as he lhas something important o communiosa to you. I-e hvuld advise you to come as quickly as possible, as I fear his hours are numbered, and there is no time to be lost if you would see him alive. " Sincerely yours, "RetLS'ALD HASTIxoS." " From the rector, mamma,"replies Neva, in answer to Mrs. Dundas' inquiry as to whom the letter is from. " What can he have to write to you about, Neva !" "He writes requesting me to come at once to Gibson's cottage. lie is at the point of death, and wishes to see me." "To Gibson's cottage! Surely you will never think of going, Neva." "Why not, mamma? It would be very cruel to refuse a dying man's request. And you know, mamma, it might be something about Lisle," a sudden'thought striking her. "In that case, my dear, I suppose you had better go. But won't you take one of the servants with youn It is a long way to Gib. son's cottage, and it may be late before you return." "Oh, no, I will go by myself, mamma. I will be sure to return early," replies Neva, not earing for the restraint of another per son's presence. She has grown fond of ramb. ling by herself, walking! far and fast," as was Dickens' wont when troubled or ill at ease: one of the best and only panaceas in times of great mental anxiety, and which does sometimes bring a little relief to the diseased mind, when all other means have failed to dispel the brooding sadness. Neva is soon equipped for her walk, and, kissing her mother, bids her not to worry about her whilst she is away, and with a parting admonition to Mary to be sure and see that lMrs. Dundas.has all she requires during her absence, she starts off; full of wonderment as to what the strange message she has just received portends. " What if, at last, the terrible truth is about to be revealed," she ponders. Her faith is stronger than ever in the belief that Lisle's innocence will be clearly proved in God's own good time. And as the idea prq. seats itself, a deep feeling of joy takes possession of her soul as she thinks even now she may be on the road to hear disclosurea that shall remove the blight that has so long shadowed his days, and that it may be her blessed lotto blotout the cnursethatrestsupon him. With?Neva, to love once is to love always. W\hateverhappens, she knows that Lisle will be ever dearer to her than aught elsoe. ii life; and that, when she dies, .like Queen Mary, his name will be found engraved upon her heart in letters of fire They nerrelored who dream That they loved once. Everything elso may become a thing of the past..'.Kings aakhing a decrowned head" may cry." we reigned once." Tottering "doat. ards" mumble forth we once "danced i' the green." All things in life, save this one, may pass away and become but a bye-gone memory; but the pure flame of true love burns on brightly to the last, defying the chances of tims and change to dim its ambient lustre, and reniains the oneimmortal part of our beingwhen this earthly monu ment of clay has erumbled into dust verily the "Spirit of God" within us. N'eva walks quickly on across the fields, where lately waved thegolden corn and scar let poppies, only a few scattered ears and stray blossoms remaining to mark the spot where they once flourished in such resplen. dent gloiy, but that knows them now no more-down the long lanes, with hedges of wild rose and yellosr gorse, a. straggling flower here and there alone brightening the fast-fading bushes-through the meadows, once so green and suiling, and now sa hare and brown; a single tuft of grass starting up now and again, as if to give a reassurinjg promiso of a future return to gladden man 1 sight, and to clothe the. earth with beauty. Ic The trees along her path stand gaunt and fi grim, the wind soughing sadly through their w leafless branches with a melancholy wail. Ia She reaches at length the little village, w with its rows of white houses, which, in the ai summer time, look so gay, with porches m covered with delicious sweat pea and honey. tI suckle. And small trim gardens, filled with b blue lupine, purple stocks, and red and white ai clove pinks. Where tall spikes of lavender al and sweetly-smelling rosemary waft fragrant sn breezes into the tiny lattice-paned windows, A that give such a picturesque appearance to F their humble dwellings. T She has a kind word and nod for the tidy ti inmates of each small tenement as she passes Ic by, as they sit busy at their work, or em tI ployed in tying up the late flowers that make d their pior homes so pretty and attractive. n Pausing, after a few moments' more rapid walking, at the gate of a somewhat more w neglected and less neatly-kept garden, she ti lifts the latch and proceeds up the narrow Ii gravel path towards the door, which is par. tially open. She stands for a few minutes, hesitating a. whether or not to enter. The strange still. si ness, broken only by suppressed sobs, and Ii the low murmur of hushed voices, awes her, sa and the courage that has hitherto' sustained a her as she sped along on her mournful errand, f utterly forsakes her, and shle does not ven. a ture to face the scene that is being enacted a within those whitewashed walls. d The last act in the drama of life. Soon the a curtain will fall, the lights be extinguished ii for ever in this world ; a scene in which we o must all play our part some day or another. ti Death stays not his scythe at lordly palace b or lowly cot. He reaps as he goes -the t young buds, the opening flower, the full. fi blown rose, the withered blossom. With a relentless Ihad lie gathers them all into his il bosom, to be garnered there till the last s great day of account. At length, a sound reaches Neva that bids 1 her hesitate no longer. Her own name, I uttered in piercing accents, decides her. She crosses the threshold and gases within, from the weeping women round the bed of death t to the recumbent figure laid thereon, with I fast.glazing eyes and drawn features. The 1 parting breath comes gaspingly through the blue lips, and the death.rattle gurgles in his e throat with each feeble respiration. She turns shudderingly away ; but again I her name, supplicatingly invoked, rivets her 1 unwilling attention. "'Miss Neva ! Miss Neva ! When will s she be here? Must I die without seeing her, I to ask her forgiveness, that my soul may de. e part in peace ?" and the dying man lifts his hands appealingly to heaven. "I am here. Gibson;" and Neva approaches I the bed, the women mnaking way for her to stand beside it. "Then my prayers are heard." The sight of Neva seems to bid the depart ing spirit tarry a little longer, that it may expiate its great sin on earth, and obtain par don of her it has so deeply wronged. The gathering film disappears from the half closed eyes, and the sick man raises himself in his bed with renewed strength-the last flicker from the expiring taper. He biegins to speak rapidly and excitedly strange. meaningless words, like the wanderings of some poor, crazed intellect. Mr. Htastings, who until this moment has been unnoticed by Neva, steps forward and motions the rest to leave the room ; and, silently obeying his command, they with draw, leaving only himself and Neva remain ing with the dying man. (To be continued.) 