Lord Brackenbury : A NOVEL. BY AMELIA B. EDWARDS, [Tbe right of publication in Australasia has been purchased by the proprietors of tbe Sydney Mail.} Chapter LI. — A Victoky. Lancelot made but one journey of it from Munich to London, and thence went straight to Old Court with out stopping. Here he immediately became overwhelmed with business ; yet he did not therefore forget Winifred's charge to him, nor his own promise, to be good to Lettice Leigh. He had not, in fact, been three days at home before he paid her a visit. He had been over to see one of his tenants at a place which rejoiced in the poetical name of Hogsclough Farm, and so rode back bv wav of the ridere. Bv the time he reached Abel Brunt's cottage, the afternoon was wearing towards dusk. There was, however, still light enough to show him how thoroughly his orders had been carried out in the way of roofing and repairing, and how completely Horace Cochrane's chosen sketch had lost all claim to the pic turc6queness of dilapidation. Half smiling as he thought of the dismay that would come into his friend's countenance when he should next see the place under its restored aspect, Lancelot tied his horse up to the little gate, and knocked upon the door with the handle of his riding whip. Not till he had knocked a second time, was he answered by a woman's voice asking :— 'WoastheerP' He announced himself ; and the bolts were 6lowly drawn back. ' You have not forgotten me, Lettice 'r1 ' he said, coming n with his bright, assured look. She stood before him, silently down-looking. ' I wanted to see if they had made the cottage comfort able for you,' he went on, casting a rapid glance round the dim little kitchen. ' What a poor fire vou have ! I bade Moreton Bend you up a load of wood— hasn't it come yet?' A three-legged stool and an old box turned upside down, by way of Beats, an ancient worm-eaten table from the lumber- stores at The Grange, a few cracked plates and mugs on a shelf, a straw palliasse covered with an old rug in one corner, and a piece of much-mended carpet on the hearth, were all the furniture the room contained. But there was a cat asleep before the fire, which gave a more home-like look to the place ; and in the window-seat there crouched a little boy, staring with bright wide- open eyes at the strange gentleman. 'I moind ye weel, Maister La'celot,' she said at length. ' It must be six or eight years since we last met, Lettice. We are both changed 6ince then.' She put a couple of logs on the fire, and dusted the stool with her apron. ' I'n gettin' nowt but a cricket (1.) for ye to set on, sir,'» she said. But he still stood looking round, inquiringly. ' You are very comfortless here,' he said. ' Is that your bed? And 'have you no warmer coverings? You should not have been in such destitution all these weeks, if I had known it.' 'We'n had roof an' foir, Maister La'celot— an' we'n knowed what 'tis to be wi'out etiher.' ' I'm Borry to hear it. I'll send you down a cart- load of necessaries to-morrow.' The woman looked at him furtively from under her black brows. ' I dunno' why ye should fash (2.) yoursel' fur we, sir,' she muttered. 11 I'll tell you why. Because you are one of our own people ; and because Miss Winifred especially desired me to look after you.' ' Did Miss Winifred think o' we ? ' she asked, with a touch of eagerness in her voice. ' She did, Lettice. And besides these reasons, I think — I fear — that you have a special claim upon my compassion.' All this time, he had, apparently, taken no notice of the child ; but now he went over to the window, and patted the little fellow on the cheek. ' What is your name, my man ? ' The boy stared at him shyly, without answering. ' Is it Samuel ? Samuel Leigh ? Ah, I thought as much. Lettice, my girl, I know your trouble, and I am heartily eorry for you.' She shrunk back, as if she had been struck. ' I doan't want no pity,' she said, fiercely. ' I on'y ask folk to let me be.' ?? It I have hurt your feelings, Lettice, I beg your pardon.' He said this with extreme gentleness. Then, after a moment, he added : — ' If any one has the right to name this painful subject to you, Lettice, it is I. The man was a heartless scoundrel ; and but for us, you would never have known him. You have a claim to help and kindness at my hands.' She stood silent, with averted face. ' Had my brother lived, and had he come to know of it, as I did, months and months after, he would have seen you righted. Do you ever hear from him ?' She shook her head. 'Has he never done anything for you— nor for his child?' She tried to speak ; but the words -caught her breath and turned to sobs. Then, knowing that it was best to let her weep, if she could weep, Lancelot drew the boy to his knee, talking to ' him softly and kindly ; while the logs blazed up and lit - the room, and the twilight gathered outside. ' Lettice j Leigh, meanwhile, her face buried in her hands, strove ? (1.) Cricket: a three-legged stool. ' 2\. Task— trouble. vainly to choke back the tears that now came thick and fast. ' I'd— I'd liefer ha' cut my hand off, than gi'en away thus ! ' she said, dashing the drops angrily from her eyes, ' But— but whan ye coom to ax me 'bout the child— the child that's worse nor faytherless .... But there ! I'll answer yer question, Maister La'celot. 'T faytner's ne'er doon nowt for 'un — ne'er kid eyes on 'un— ne'er keered to know whether a' were born wick (3.) or dead ! Mony's the toime we'n been welly clemmed (4.) wi' hunger and cold; but 'twar nowt to un, so long as un 'ud gotten shut (5.) on us ! ' ' Neither you nor your' boy shall know cold or hunge again, my poor girl.' The little fellow, grown suddenly friendly, was playing with Lancelot's watch-chain. She looked: and as she looked, her face and her voice softened. ' God bless you, 6ir,' she said. ' Ye're my-lord now, they tell me.' ' Ay, Lettice— to my sorrow.' He sighed, passing his hand over the child's hair, and staring absently at the fire. Then there was a long silence. ' Did je see nowt on him when ye went out, fowr years agoo 'i ' she asked suddenly. His thoughts were far away, and the question startled him. 'Did I see him?' For the moment, he thought only of his brother. Then, meeting her wistful eyes, he took her meaning. ' Did I see Prouting ? Yes, surely, — I saw him. He was with me for some weeks.' ' An'- an' then?' ' And then, when I was about to come back to England, he t- ok service with a new master. 'Out there?' 'Yes — in Genoa. I gave him a character, in fact — a better character than he deserved.' ' Genoa ! ' she repeated, as if trying to fix the name in her memory. ' Genou ! ' ' Ah, but he was leaving there immediately. The gentleman who engaged him was an American, bound, if I remember rightly, for New York.' ' Then — then where 'ull a' be now, sir, d'ye think ? ' she asked tremulously. Lancelot shook his head. 'Who can say ? Wages are high over there — perhaps he is still in America. But, indeed, Lettice, you must resolve to forget him.' Then with a few last kindly words, the young man rose to go. ' If you are lonely here,' he said, 'I can put you into 6ome other cottage, where you will be near neighbours. Would you better like to live at Danebridge, or in Langtrey village V ' ' 1 doan't want no neebors. I'd liefer bide where I be.' ' You are not afraid here ? ' ' Why should I be afeard ? The dead doan't coom back.' He smiled. ' Nay,' he said, ' I was not thinking of poor Abel Brunt, nor yet of his ghost. I was thinking of the living.' ' I bayn't af eared o' the livin', nayther,' she said, with one of her fierce looks. ' It is a solitary place.' ' No pleece can't be too lonesome for me, sir.' ' As you like, my girl. If any one interferes with you, you have but to let me know, and I will move you else where. You are right, at all events, to draw your bolts betiineB.' With this, he slipped some silver into the child's hand and went to the door. ' I drab's 'un, sir ; but I aw'm nowt skeert, (6.) aw the same,' she said, following him to the gate. ' Besides, folk be dalicate (7) abite (8) coomin' this road arter sun down.' ' I will tell Miss Winifred that I have seen you, Lettice,' he said, as he swung himself into the saddle. ' Shall I give her any message ? I shall be writing to-night.' 'ToMissWin'fred?' ' Yes, to Miss Winifred.' ♦' Ye mun tell her little Sam's doin' gradely. (9.) ' 'Nothing more?' ' I'se nowt else to say, sir.' ' May I not tell her that you have made up your mind about sending the boy to school, Lettice ? That's what Miss Winifred has set her'heart upon.' She stood with her hand on the gate, sullenly hesitating. ' Eh, then,' she said, at length, ' if so be's Miss Win'fred's sot her haart on't, I spose she munna be gain said.' And so, as he rode away in the gloaming, Lancelot felt that he had achieved a victory. He found a post-bag full of letters awaiting him, when he got back to Old Court. Only three days at home, and yet the whole world seemed to know of his return ! Here were circulars from Singleton, Birmingham, Crewe, and Manchester tradesmen ; notices of subscriptions due to all kinds of charitable institutions, local museums, libraries, schools, and the like ; begging-letters from parsons in want of bells, porches, organs, and general repairs ; and Christ mas bills without number. Having heard from Winifred by the morning mail, Lancelot knew that he was guilty of an act of weakness when he turned over this pile of miscellaneous matter, in search of a possible second letter. No such second letter, however, was there to be found ; the only grains of corn in the midst of all this chaff being a business note from Mr. Marrables, and an official envelope addressed in the some what studied handwriting of his friend, Mr. Horace Cochrane. Leaving the rest to be glanced through after dinner, Lancelot put these two in his pocket, and read them in his dressing-room. The lawyer's communication was brief enough, and related to an appointment for the following day. Cochrane's letter was long, written with evident care, and ran as follows : — ' Wax and Wafer Department, Downing-street, January — , 18—. ' My dear Brackenbury, — A piece of news which in a manner concerns you, and which may very materially con cern me, has just come to my knowledge. Sir Grimsby Tumbull, for reasons connected, as I understand, with Borne great engineering project in British Guiana, is about to accept the Cliltern Hundreds. The Brackenbury Iron Com pany will consequently lose its Chairman, and the Borough of Singleton its M.P. ' Now, my dear Brackenbury, I know that your political opinions are not very prononcis ; and that Sir Grimsby, being a Liberal, was understood to be indebted to your tolerance for his seat, two years ago. Still, I think I am right in assuming that where the representation of your own Borough is concerned, you would prefer to return a Con servative candidate ; and if 1 were that Conservative candi date, I venture also to believe that your regard for myself would lead you to give me something more than a merely nominal support. 'It may, perhaps, surprise you that, being only a Government official with limited private means, I should think of entering public life. But, in truth, it is not that I geek to achieve greatness; but that I find greatness, if not actually thrust upon me, at all events suggested to me by my superiors in office. In a private conversation the other day with the chief of my Department, I was informed that Lord Glcndining was especially anxious just now to strengthen the hands of the Government in any direction where an opening might occur; and that Mr.'Bazalgette had singled me out as one of the ' rising men ' who would be likely to render the sort of service which is needed in the House. Then this morning came the news that Singleton would shortly be vacated ; and I thought I could not do better than write to you at once. ' I need not say how pleased I shall be, if you approve of the idea, or how anxiously I await your reply. *' Ever, my dear Brackenbury, ' Yours faithfully and truly, ' To the Lord Brackenbury. ' Horace Cochrane.' To this letter, Lancelot replied in eix lines : — ' Old Court, Jan. — , 18—. ' My dear Cochrane,— Because Sir Grimby Turnbull was chairman of the Iron Company, and because my brother had promised to back him if ever the opportunity should ' (3.J Wick :— alive. (4.) Welly clemmed .-—almost starved. (5.) Gotten shut :— got rid of. (G.J Skeert .-—scared. (7.) Dalicate— delicate, i.e. unwilling. (8.) Abite— about. (9.) Gradely— well, excellently. arise, I did not oppose his election. But I am glad to hear he is going. ' Come down to Old Court whenever it suits you, and I will put you through.— Yours ever, ' Bhackenbcry.' Chapter LII.— Lancelot's Letters. The new Lord of Brackenbury soon discovered that he had under-estimated rather than over- estimated the amount of work awaiting his return. It may readily be conceived how dry, disagreeable and fatiguing, much of that work could not fail to be. Perpetual consultations with Mr. Marrables; frequent joumeyings to and fro between Brackenbury, Singleton, Stoke, and Leek; questions of drainage, of repairs, of manorial rights and privileges; difficulties with the Iron Company, difficulties with the tenant-farmers, and difficulties with the 'dark folk' and the gamekeepers ; these, and a hundred-and-one similar anxieties and worries, consumed his days and well nigh exhausted his patience. Then, in the evenings there were letters to be read and answered, drafts of deeds to be revised ; plans and estimates to be considered, and the like : to say nothing of a long correspondence with the Bishop of the dioceEe in regard of the new church and living, or of the time and trouble necessarily involved in the buildings for the colony on tixe moor. Meanwhile, his gun rusted ; his colours dried in their tubes ; all hope of contributing to the Salon was given up ; and ' Divine Philosophy ' not only went to the wall, but remained with her face towards it, unturned, unlocked at, almost forgotten. For Art, the new lord of Brackenbury bad now no leisure : for society and sport, no inclination. In vain his neighbours invited him to dinners, shooting parties, hunt breakfasts ; in vain was he pressed to become a steward at the County Ball, and to acceptthe VicePresi dent's chair at the annual Conservative dinner. To one and all he returned the same courteous, but decided negative. ' What these good people do not understand,' he wrote about this time, in one of his many letters to Miss Savage, 'is that I am in tiuth not only much too busy for entertain ments of the kind, but that I very strongly feel it my duty to hold myself aloof just now from gaieties and public meet ings. For, in assuming my dearest Cuthbert's name and place, I virtually, and for the first time, accept the fact of his disappearance* in proof of his decease, and it seems tome that, so accepting it, I am almost as much bound to observe the usages of mourning as if I had just received authentic intelligence of his death. Anyhow, 1 take it tout, if even I were not so overwhelmed with business cares, the present is not a time for feasting and making merry. ' I have been obliged to go to Brackenbury Court several times of late ; and there everything reminds me of him painfully. Last week the shutters were unclosed, and the ground-floor rooms thrown open for the first time these four years. 1 went over them with Mrs. Jennings, and decided on a thorough renovation of the drawing-room and ball-room suites. I also fixed upon a charming little boudoir for you, and made up my mind as to the rooms we will ourselves occupy. It was very sad going into the library, and finding everything just as he had left it. In his desk lay the very pen he had last used, with the ink dry on it ; and between the sheets of his blotting- book I found a paper covered with jottings for his journey— names of hotels at which he meant to put up, and the dates at which letters should be posted in England to catch the Thursday boats from Marseilles. These memoranda were designed, no doubt, for your instruction and mine. ' I know he was exceedingly methodical, but I wasscarcely prepared to find his papers in such wonderful order. The drawers of his writing table were full of packets of letters— yours, mine, my father's, and a few from my beloved mother — all tied up, docketed, and dated. There is nothing in this world so sad, to my thinking, as old letters; but what a climax of mournfulness is reached when, like some of these, they are from the dead to the dead I I have, of course, preserved those written by my parents. Yours are put aside, to be returned to you or destroyed, as you may prefer. My own— some of them in roundhand, written when I was quite a little chap, others from school at Lausanne, and so on up to the beginning of last year — I at once consigned to the tire. I was greatly affected to find that the dear fellow had kept, as I verily believe, every scrawl I ever sent him.' Writing soon after, in a somewhat lighter strain, he said : — ' I live in a whirl of work, and thank my stars daily that it has graciously pleased Her Majesty again to prorogue the Houses ; so giving me time to push through some of my business before rushing up to town. It seems that I am doomed to move the Address to the Throne ; this being a duty generally imposed, by way of compliment, upon a peer who takes his seat for the first time. I would fain nave evaded the honour ; but an old friend of my father's, the Duke of Saxmundham, who seems to have taken upon him self to play Mentor to my Telemachus, will have it so ; and i can't escape the ordeal/' Then, about a fortnight later, came some account of his debut. ' I got back last night from London, having been a good boy, and done all that was required of me. The old Duke patted me on the back, and said that I acquitted myself very well, indeed ; but for my own part, I believed that I de livered my half-dozen sentences about as badly as possible. And no wonder ; for not only was I horribly nervous, but I was at the same time keenly alive to the absurdity of my position. Imagine having to entreat the House to extend to me that indulgence which it invariably accords to noble lords on similar occasions ! Imagine standing up and calling one's self a ' noble lord ! ' I never felt so like a fool in my life ; nor, I suspect, looked so much like one, either. *? The Queen read her Speech, as she always does read it, very beautifully. Her voice is singularly sweet, and her enunciation perfect. I suppose it will interest you to hear that she wore the Koh-i-noor in the front^of her dress. I suppose it is very splendid ; but to my ignorant eyes it looked no better than a cut-glass decanter- stopper. The Prince is getting bald; and I thought he looked pale and care-worn.' Writing to her three or four times in every week, he of course interlarded his letters with numerous details of his own daily doings ; with scraps of local news ; and with large quantities of such tender 'padding' as befitted the circumstances of the correspondence. Treated summarily, the scant local news of a dozen weeks would barely fill a dor.en sentences. He had been over to the Grange, seen her dogs and her pigeons, and distributed the gifts with which she had entrusted him. Bridget was delighted with her workbox, and Joan with her apron ; the former felt her rheumatism this winter somewhat more severely than usual. Reuben evidently thought the beer-mug too good to drink out of, and was so overwhelmed that he could not. even express his gratitude. The cob had had a swollen hock, and been successfully doctored by a new farrier from Knypersley. The old folk in the drift cottages were all well, and desired their duty. Lettice Leigh's little boy was going to school quite regularly, and makingrapid progress. Joan was engaged to George, Miss Brocklehurst's groom, who had lately set up for himself as a blacksmith at Danebridge ; and the largest of the big walnut-trees in the meadow fronting The Grange had been blown down one stormy night shortly after Christmas. Tbe same rough weather had torn half the tiles off the roof of the little barn, and damaged one or the beautiful old chimney-stacks at the north-east corner of the quad rangle. Lancelot had at once dispatched his own builder to repair the damage, and had desired that worthy to draw up a list of such repairs as were immediately necessary at The Grange. The parish news was as meagre as the home-chronicle. The Rector and Mrs. Caldicott were off to town for a fort night ' on law business ;'' which, according to Mrs. Penne feather, meant to see the pantomimes. The Pennefeathers themselves were much as usual; the curate's headaches being somewhat less persistent than last year. Mrs. Penne feather desired him (Lancelot) to give her love, and to say that ' The Ghostly Cat ' had made such a decided hit that the editor of Gog and Magog had actually invited her to write a serial story, and upon such terms as she had never before been offered. For this success, she declared, she was entirely Winifred's debtor. Mr. Fink and Countess Castel rosso were wintering on the Nile, and coming home by way of Palmyra and Damascus. It was thought they would be absent for six months. Lady Symes had gone to Tor quay, having dispensed her usual Christmas bounties, and sent Mr. Caldicott a cheque for £25 for the poor of bis pnrish. Mies Langtrey's monument, meanwhile, was now '. completed according to adesign which Winifred hadapproved. It consisted of an upright foliated cross of grey polished granite, with an enclosed space in front; the whole sur rounded by a Gothic railing. The ' space ' had already been planted with white and purple hyacinths. He pro mised to send a sketch of it, as soon as he should have tune to go over there again. Then came the news that Cochrane had arrived at Old Court in the time-honoured character of ' the Conservative Candidate.' Not, of course, that there was any other can didate. Such an event as a contested election was unknown in the patriarchal little borough of Singleton, where, from time immemorial the worthy electors had been wont to receive his Lordship's nominee as unquestioningly as they ate his roast beef and plum-pudding at the annual tenants' dinner. ' We canvassed on Tuesday,' Lancelot reported ; ' that is to say we called on half-a-dozen people, invited them to luncheon at ' The Three Feathers,' and got home an hour before dinner. To-day we elected him ; which means that we registered a certain number of votes, and the thing was done. He seems vastly pleased, and has visions of Governmental loaves and fishes. At all events he can ' write himself down an ass ' — I beg his pardon ; I mean an M.P.' As the spring advanced his letters became more and more taken up with the work which was being done on the moor. The ground was marked out within a fortnight of his return from Munich ; and on the last day of January he himself laid the first stone of tbe new church. After this, an army of workmen being put on, and the weather continuing exceptionally dry and favourable, the building made rapid progress. By the middle of March he was able to report that walls and roofing-timbers were already up ; also that the foundations of the school-house and vicarage were laid, and that the cottages were ready for the tiler. Mr. Pennefeather had by this time been made aware of the good fortune in store for him, and he had sent in his resignation of the curacy. ' I think they are very happy in their new prospects,' wrote Lancelot. ' The way_ they received the offer was characteristic of both. Having an appointment with Mar rables, I rode round by way of the Hermitage. They had just dined, and the things were still on the table. He was standing before the fire, looking gaunt and careworn, with something in his hand which I am sure was a bill. The baby was sprawling about on an old shawl spread upon the floor. Mrs. Pennefeather was scribbling away at that little davenport by the window, doing — what do you- suppose ? Writing a sermon from dictation ! She said she often did so, ' to spare Derwent's eyes.' Her own — poor little woman! looked as if they wanted rest at least as much as his. Indeed, I think she had been crying. I stated my business as briefly, and in as matter-of-fact a style as possible. ' They will be a rough lot of parishioners,* I said ; ' and it will be a horribly dull hole for any parson . to pitch his tent in ; but the living is at your service, Mr. Fennefeather, if you care to accept it.' He listened with his eyes fixed on the floor, and continued silent when I had done speaking. I saw the colour rush up into Mrs. Penne feather' s face. She looked at him, and clasped her hands nervously. Inconceivable as it seemed, I saw at once that she was afraid he would ?decline. Finding he did not answer, I spoke again. ' There will, at all events, be no lack of work on the moor,' I said ; ' and I know you are not afraid of work, Mr. Pennefeather.' Then he spoke. ' It is a great work,' he said ; ' but it will demand* a special gift of persuasion. I question if I am worthy ot the mission.' To this I replied that I knew no ene so worthy ; and then, taking his acceptance for granted, I went on to speak about the dark-folk, and the trouble I feared they would give him. ' The living,' I said, ' will be worth £500 a year, besides thirteen acres of glebe. But you know what poor stuff the land is up there ; too much, like the people, 1 fear— more prone to tares than wheat.' ' The tares must be rooted up and cast into the fire ! ' he said with energy. Then, dropping his voice, he added, as if to himself : — ' But if a blessing goes with the good seed,, it will grow — it will grow.' I vow to Heaven, Winifred, I looked at the man with envy. Lifted in one moment out of grinding poverty into comparative affluence, he yet thought neither of money, nor house, nor land ; but only of the task to be done, and the souls to be saved ! But hie words showed, at all events, that he accepted the duty ; and that was enough. Mrs. Pennne featner, meanwhile had taken her baby in her arms, amd was kissing it and crying over it quite quietly, by the window. As for myself, 1 had a lump in my throat that almost choked me. However, I blurted out something about being in an awful hurry and glad it was settled; and then I just squeezed his hand, and— bolted ! I have seen a good deal of him 6ince then, for we have many things to talk over and arrange ; and the more I see of him, the better I like him. A more earnest, simple-minded, loveable fellow never breathed.' It will be gathered from the foregoing extracts that Lancelot was busy enough in these days ; and that if his work was heavy and his worries were many, he at all events enjoyed the exquisite happiness of making others happy. 