THE NOVELIST. BI E. LYNN LINTON, ATTTUOH OP" .PATIUCIA KEMBALI.," " IHE ATOHB ? .-MENT or LEAM DUNDAD," "UNDEB WEICH ....j ¿- LOUD?" &C;, &C; &c.; CHAPTER XX. (CONTINUED). ?'i/; AU tho Pennefathers wore at homo in tho garder BO were all the dogs ; so were tho two Cowley hoy ;Tho noiae and rackot poing on when tho cios< shuti black-painted brougham, with its inonrnin liveries .and its coal-black horse, drove up wa something doafoning. Everyone was shouting a the top of his or ber voice ; rind all wero shoutin at onco. Some of the dogs wero barking in COE cert; others wore bounding about thc lawn aa crashing through the bushes in sympathy am participation. Hero was tho click of a croque ball against tho mallet, thero the ping of a rill , fired at a mark. It was Babol and Bedlam ; nm Mr. Branscombc covered his ears with his glovei hand3, as ho slightly groaned and shuddered. ' ." Barbarians nnd savages!" ho muttered, thei ? composed his handsomo face lo a îuolancholy emili ' as one who would not saddon youthful mirth bj the intrusión of his own sorrow, yet who coule not quite forgot the painful faot that his heart wat bleeding and that the merriment of ordinary meu was not for him. And with this melancholy smile, lingering like tho touch of palo sunlight on his faco, ho wont slowly towards that noisy, .laughing, uproarious group gathored on tho lawn. "Glad to soo you, Mr. Braneeouibo," cried Mr. Pennefather, coming forward in his frank, hearty way. " Ah Stella !-ib is good to see you again." " Dear Stella, this is nice !' said Mrs. Penne- father, kissing her. They wero pooplo who cal'cd all the young and even tho middle-aged of their acquaintance by their Christian names. Well for dignity, if they dil not hit oa a diminutive or some queer nick- name which might or might not bo ploasant to . tho wearer ! Mrs. Pennofathor, almost as young-looking as her daughters, was ono of the standing wonders of. maternity in tho county, l^orty years of ago and- thejmothcr of seven children, she had tho step and figure of a girl and a face to correspond. She wore neither stays nor cap, nor any ßign of matronhood whatsoever aavo tho wodding-ring which markod her state. Her tennis costumo was as short and youthful as Gip and Pip's; her feot . wore as small and dainty; and she heraolf was as light and lissom. It was not from her, however, that tho children had inherited their beauty and htirongly-marked family likeness; but from the father. Sho herself was fair, nnd¡only little Nora, the youngest, carried her impress. Tho rest were all " father's children," as haa beon said; inherit- ing from Mr. Pennefather their dark eyes and curly, jet black hair, their vived colour and bright -brisk, noisy ways; whilo from both parents, in equal proportions, came tho good digesiion, good temper, cleanly living and kindness of heart which made youth perennial in tho Pennefather house ' h.old. They were pooplo who would novor grow old in ono sonso, because they would nover grow indolent, self-indulged, sour tempered nor on , vio.u*. The girls, Gip and Pip, dashed forward too ; kissing Stella as soon as their mother had done with her and greoling her as if she had been their dearest friend. Thoy had this hospitable way to callers; seeming to wish to make their guests free pf all that Shorrardiao contained, themselves in- cluded. "How aro you j dear Stella P" they shouted in . their boatswain's voices. " So glad to seo you ! So jolly of you to come !" " Wo thought you were never coming out of your sholl again, you jolly little snail !" continued Gip, while Pip stood by and emphasized her sis tor's words by running bursts of laughter. " It is ages-heaps of ages sinco wo saw you ! And how whito you aro ! What have you boen doing to yourself ? You look as if you wanted bucketfuls of salt water and ocoans of fresh air !" "Do I ?" said Stella, rubbing her cheeks with a quivering little smile that was only the other side of teara. "Do you? why of course" you do! Mater, did you ever soo such a poor limp rag, such a ghost as Stella Branscombe looks ?" shoutod Gip ; while . Jemmy, who was suspoctod of being hard hit in this direction, took quito a sentimental expression on his bronzed face as ho said : " Yes, Miss Stölln, you look aa if you had beon ? Bhut up in the dark for a twelvemonth. You ought to get out moro I am snro. A good long jolly cruiso would do you no end of good!" , '* Well, now we've got ; ou h^o, wo won't lot you go in a hurry," said Gip and Pin together. " So co'"0 and sit down undor tho verandah, and we'll have a jolly little talk together. Have you heard tho news ? Mr. Branscombe, have you hoard the news ?" shouted Pip, raising her voice. "No," returnedMi\ Brauscombo stillly. These Miss Pennefathers were really extremely rVido and objectionable young women, without manners, reverence, respect or breeding ! Though glad, to show thom tho last fino product of his genius, and not too dainty to garner tho coarse harvest of their praise, still he waa out of place and ill afc case in this succursale of Bedlam, and wished his visit was over. " No ! Why ! You havo not hoard that Sandro Kemp is going to bo married ? Isn't that fun ?" Bhoutcd Gip. "ls it?'' roplied Mr. Branscombe with cold disdain. " I confesa I am unablo to seo either tho interest or tho fun of the announce- ment." " Oh, I ray 1" cried Gip and Pip. " lt iß . Tho proprietors of tho TOWN AN» CouNinv J ODHNAL have piirohasod tho right ot zomibluikiug «. My Lovo" in Australia. awful fun;-Mr. Branscombe. Quito too good o joke." ' ' As ill-luok would have it, atthat moment Colonel Moneypenny appeared on tho lawn, j . "Isn't it fun, Colonel Moneypenny ?" cried thc twins m a breath. " What ?" ho asked. " Old Sandro Kemp's niarriago/' they an- swered. The Colonel's keen, irritable faco flushed from brow to chin. "Fun that ho has foundanyono simple enough to take him ?" lie answered, with contempt. " I hardly think it will prove fun for tho woman, who- ever sho may be. Who is she?" He spoke in an odd voico and with a strained mariner, peevishly kicking one of the balls which lay at his feet. "Well, wo did think it was your old flamo, Au- gusta Latrobe," said Gip-dense, pachydormatous insensitivo Gip, who would not havo harmed a liy had she known what she waa about and who waa now doing a friend whom she liked au ímich damago as it waa jjossiblo for inconsiderateness and chatter to do. "But she swears it isn't, ao we don't know what to think. We caught them on tho road, however, playing nt spoons if evi-r anyone did. But Auguatasaid no, it wasn't spoons at all, and that old Kottap had only been telling her a secret ; and Augusta don't tell iies. Still, it all looked queer ; and who olso oan it bo ! It can't be anyono else, and the old felloir doosn't often go away. Coloncl,.wko can it be?" " How the deuco should I know ! Do you think I am in tho confidence of a follow liko that artist Kemp, or care a button whom he marries ?" criod Colonel Moneypenny savagoly. Aa Gip said after- wards : " The old boar snappod her nose off; and all for what, eho would like to know ?" " Mr. Kemp's affairs do not interest me," ho addod, stiffly, recovering his dignity if not his temper. " Nor mo," said Mr. Branscombe, also stiffly. " Oh, they do us !" shouted tho Pennefathers about five or six of them in a body. " Old Kemp is a jolly old boy when he is m good form ; but he was as sour as vinegar and ns cross as two sticks at our picnic. Wo thought at the timo it was because you had taken off Au- gusta ; but now wo think it could not bo that. Perhaps his lady-love had not written to him, or perhaps after all it is Augusta!" said Gip-this last in a meditative voico. " Oh, Stella !" said Pip, taking up tho lost 1 thread, "I wish you could have boen at our pic ! nie. It waa such awful fun- it was just awfully I jolly all through. Guorgo and I changed hats and brooches, and even tho Cowley boys did not find us out. It was suoh fun. And pooplo came to mo for Gip, and went to Gip for mo, and made no end of mulls and mistakes. And hero thoy all laughed in chorus at tho ex- quisito humour of tho remembrance. When tho last echoes of their mirth had died away, Gip, who had a talent for blunders of this kind, said so that Mr. Branscombe could hear : " Stella, they say that you aro not going to bo married just yot? Is it true? Poor Cyrill What a Bell for bim ! I say, what a shame !" Stella looked with a scared fear fco hor elegant father, who had turned his faco to this uninten- tional niischiuf-maker-tho very majesty of indig- nation impressed on every foaturo. " Wo have our private reasons, Miss Penne- father," ho said bitterly; " reasons which perhaps you will be good enough to believe, oven if you do not understand." " Oh, rcasons'nro rubbish," said that impudent little hussy, tossing hor curly head. " lt is a horrid sell and a shauio for poor old Cyril all tho same, and I was in hopes it was not true. But now you say it is, I am ton times moro sorry. What with Sandro Kemp marrying, and not Au- gusta after all bia spooning her so long, and poor old Cyril Ponsonby not marrying at all, people aro very queer !" "You aro skating on thin ic:», Gip," said Jommy in what ho thought was a low and diplomatic voice. It was heard all over the lawn. "Thin ico? no!" said Gip, in íoturn, and in perfect good faith. " Why thin ice, Jim ?" " I toll you you aro," replied her brother ; and Valentino Cowloy, who had been watching tho wholo scono and taking it all in, said quietly to back up Jom : " Shut up, Gip, while you can." Stölln saw by her father's face that ho too, Uko Valontino, had been watching and taking it in. Sho turned palo and looked frigh- tened. " Oh, I see," said Gip, ; in answer to that involuntary tell-tale face. "Poor Stella; what a shame." " No," said Stella heroically j " papa knows best." " Woll, I don't know about that," said Gip quito seriously. "I think if tho Governor or Mater put their fingorB in my pie I should call out nnd tell thom to mind thoir own business. But they wouldn't; they have too much'sense; and if they or nuyono did I don't think I would tak<j it as quietly as you do." " Shut up, Gip/' again said Jemmy, who was the most enlightened of tho group. Tiio disci- plino of a man-of-war had dono something for him nnd bia moony tenderness for Stella did something moro " Don't you see that you nro making a mull of tilings and that you are fouling tho ropo ? I tell you you aro skat ing on thin ice." " Am I really V Well I'm s ur o I don't want to," said Ci ip in Pennefather syntax; and with that abe dashed off into a tirade against Mrs. Morshead and her horrid temper, and how sweet Augusta Latrobo was, and how she, Georgie Pennefather, wished that some ono would take pity on tho poor darling and carry bor clean away from, that old dragon. Then turning sharp z-ound to Colonel Moneyponuy she cried out : " Why don't you, Oolonol Moneyponuy ? You wore always a kind of beau of hors, oven boforo that queer old Bpidorly Professor came ou tho field." So good-hearted, bright-oyed Goorgio Ponne father managed to do a groat doal ofpraction harm to two people whom Bho really liked, am to sat a stono rolling which would crush mor than ono tender litfclo plantation before it fiaall; settled at tho bottom of tho hill. Soon after this Mr. Branscombe rose to tnlo his leave. Ho handed Mr. Pennefather a thiel packet of his Thronody. Th ero was ono for oacl of his family, oven including tho young Mr. Cow leys and no't omitting iittio Nora. Ile wished th« child always to remember her sainted friond, lu said,with histrionic solomniby ; aud ho was sun she would prizo tho gift. But tho family made queer faces as they re- ceived tho cards which ho solemnly distributee each to each. They were bound by good mannort to look grave, while nature impelled them sc dreadfully to lough ! Between the two they were in internal convulsions and outward rostraint ; and moro than ono nearly split that thin skin of artificial decorum to lot out a flood of wicked merriment which would have spoilod all. They managed, however, to keep things in trim till thc brougham rollod away ; and then they pulled up tho planks and the waters gushed out without rostraint. " A most objectionable and detestable family," said Mr. Branscombe peevishly, as they went through the gates. " I am thankful that is done with ! Wo need not soo thom now for auothor six months. They aro really scarcoly human, and moro like so many Chorokeo Indians than liko civilised English (adios and gontlomon. They aro too dreadful-really they are." " Thoy aro very noisy and indiscreet," answerod I Stella, Booing that hor fat her looked for sonio re- ply. " But they do not mean to bo rudo or disagreeable, and they do not know half they say." " To call thom irresponsible idiots, my dear Stella, does not mend matters very much," said Mr. Brauscombo. " People who do not know what they say or do aro cither idiots or maníaos. To which category of disordered brain do you assign tho family of tho Pennefathers ?" "I did not quite mean that, papa," said Stella with a nervous little laugh. "No? Are you then following tho example of your friends and sayiug what you do not mean ?" ho asked unpleasantly. For her answer Stella stolo her hand into his ; but after a short timo Mr. Branscombe put it away. " Your hand is hot, my love," ho said coldly, " nnd hot hands ¿re unpleasant." The visit to Mrs. Morshoad was not much less disagreeable to Mr. BranBcombe than had been that to tho family at Sherrardine. Tho rough old woman had a genuine horror of Finery Frod's silky manners and artificial nobleness ; and spiky aa sho was to ovory one, taking a savage pleasure in making hersolf like a coarse rough bit of huck- aback to all satin surfaces, and of meeting affec- tation and pretentiousness with absolute vulgarity she was never so coarse, so vulgar, as when she had to protest against tho affectations of tho master of Bose Hill. ".Tho fellow made her quito ill," she used to say with a sneer ; " and sho waj sick of his fine airs!" To-day Bhe VMS a Tarter, aa usual. What he asserted that sho contradicted ; what ho praised that sho condemned; sho would not now oven agreo with him in politics, though they followed the same leaders, hub turned aside that she might havo tho satisfaction of a fling at him with nor heavy old heel. Sho too noticed Stella's pallor, and spoke of it in a manner that made him soo sho thought ic all duo to himself ; as indoed it was. Which did not however, prevent hor snap- ping at her daughter when tho Branscombes had gone and Augusta was lamonting Stella's ovident want of tone ; saying in her harsh voico : " Nonsonso, Augusta. Do you want tho creature to look liko a milkmaid when her dear mothor is just dead? You have 'no more feeling than a cat, Augusta ! I declare you havo not, and not so much," added tho old woman looking fondly at her sleeping Shah. She too had hard work to roceivo tho memorial card with becoiniup- suavity. Sho had no desire to laugh outright, like those naughty Pennefathers," but she did long to toll that old fribble, as sh-' mentally called handsome Fred Branscombe, tho family Apollo, what washy stuff she thought his poetry was, and what detestable taste it was, first to write it at all, then to print it as it was printed, and fiually to diatributo it among tho neighbours. By a wonderful exorciso of self-con- trol sho said nothing ¿of all that was seething in her mind; but she received tho card with unmis- takable ungraciousness, and laid it on tho table without looking at it. " I have seen it. You gavo one to my daughter only yostorday," Bbc said curtly. " For your little grandson," said Mr. Brans combo gracefully, presenting hor with auothor copy. This was more than thc tcrriblo old woman's pationco could bear. " Bless my heart and coul what can a baby inako of a thing liko that ?" she cried. " What can that child understand about ejùrits and tombs and Cimmerian gloom, I wonder !" " Still, mamma, wo can keon it till ho is old onough," Enid Augusta, knowing kow children do prize things whioh they cannot understand nor play with. " Solemn thoughts do no harm oven to tho young," said Mr. Bnuiseouibo, gracefully aa well na mournfully. " Solemn fiddlesticks !" snapped Mrs. Morshead. "What has an infant liko that to do wibli solemn thoughts ? Leave those to o!d people like youaud me, Mr. .Branscombe, and let tho young enjoy themselves while they can. It IH different with such as you and ino, with ono foot in tho grave, as ono may say, and old enough to know better than spend our time in folly." She ropeated thc association of herself with her elegant and well-preserved guest with evident gusto, knowing how it would rasp him to bo classed with her, he having still pretentious to bo countod in his primo, and sho being au old creature who mado herself older than abo roally waa by her carelessness of appearances, and by that some- thing, no one knew what, whioh kept hor to hor chair for tho ui03t part, though oomotiinos Bho might bo Boon walking feebly andpuiMfullyin tho gardon. -41 " I hopo not quito so old as that, doar madam !" said Mr. Branscombe with.a sickly smile. "Not quito one foot in tho gravo yofc." lie forgot his promiso to Slolla. '. "As for that, having just lost your dear,wife, I ' should think, Mr. Braustombe, tho grave would bo the happiest placo for you," said Mrs. Morshead gravoly. " If you are a Christian, ns you Bhould ba, you ought to rojoicoattho prospoctof meoting hor again in Heaven as soon as God pleasesj and not think your death a misfortune." "Ah! just so, my dear madam; just so!" he sighed rather than said. " By the way, talking of marriages, tho Misses Pennefather, my dear Mrs. Latrobe," he continued, turning abruptly to Augusto, " told mo that our good Mond Mr."Kemp was about to enter the holy etato and that you were his confidante. Is it so ?" h'or a moment tho widow's cucfcomaryrself con- trol deserted her. Not a palo of pink fiuBh thia time, but a crimson blood poured hotly over tho face. " Did they ?" said she ns lightly as she /could speak. " What girls they aro ! " . /. Mrs. Morshead looked at hor sharply. " What is thi3, Augusta ? Sandy Kemp going to l.o married, and you know all aboutit ?. What does all this moan ?" "Nothing, mamma," said Augusta with a smile that vainly tried to mako itsolf look natural, "it is only somo nonsense of those wild Penne- father girls." " So! Whore does tho mistako lie, my dear Mr3. Latrobe P " repeated Mr. Branscombe slowly. " In tho report of our friend's marriage at all, or m assertion that it is not to a fair friend of mino, not a hundrod miles from tho Laurels ? You must look after your fascinating daughter, Mrs. Morshead, if you don't want to lose her for this second time I " ho continued with graceful jocu- larity. "Tho Misses Pennefather have sharp eyes, and they whispered a thing or two to-day which sounded suspicious, to say the least of it." " I am not to bo held responsible for all the nonsenso Georgie and Pattie Pennefather talk ! " said Augusta with cheerful indifference very well put on. " I advise them not to talk of any belonging to roo," said Mrs. Morshead grimly, and more slowly than she gonorally spoke. " And as for my daughter marrying again, she knows what I feol about that too well to dare to do it. I look ou a second marriage as no marriago at all ; and I think tho man or woman who takes another partner with that poor dead thing in the grave waiting for him in tho other world, is as bad aB if ho had two wives, or she two husbands at once. No; you havo had your turn, and you must keep it ; so I say to all people who marry. Alivo or dead you ara in for it new, and you can't go back or make anothor choice. And Sandro Kemp or any other-my daughter or any man's daughter I say tho same thing. A second marriage is :-I won't say tho word clean out and an unmarried girl like that S to Ila sitting thoro." " You aro severo but sublimo," Baid Mr. Brans combo. "I quite agréo with you. It is as yon say tho loftiest morality, tho purest philosophy." " I said nothing half so fine," Baicl Mrs. Mors- head sourly. " I only said I thought a second marriago a sin. And though my daughter may not be a lump of perfection all through sho is a good and modest young woman, and wouldn't commit that sin. That's all, Mr. Branscombe." " I would not like to wager all my fortuno on tho event," said Mr. Branscombe, still jocular and elegant. But tho terrible old woman's tompor could bear no moro, and Bho " flew," aB tho servants called it, and loft tho master of Bose Hill with not a metaphorical rag to his back. Decidedly these two visita hud not been success- ful outlays of time and dignity; and Mr. Brans combo roponted of his condosconsion, and was angry with Stella, himself and tho wholo world, for tho annoynnco to which ho had beensubjected^. Ho waa very pooviah and uncomfortable in tho brougham, as ho drove from tho Laurols to Dor wont Lodge ; but when once thoro ho allowed himself to bo soothed by Hortensia's delicate appreciation, as he called her Billy craze for him- self, while Stella was ruado happy by a long, long talk with Randolph, all about Cyril and his multiplicity of virtues, his noble character, his fine intellect, his sweet tompor and hiB superiorit y to ordinary human nature in treneral. Meanwhila tho stone set rolling by those Miss Pennefathers was crashing at a rapid xmce down- hill at tho Laurels, giving poor Augusta yob moro troublo in hor lifo, whore, as things wero and even whon at their best, sho had so few sunny placos and so many thorny tracks. 