j tales a?io sketches- j A Krtaf. Xatll Fellow. I Eai5 ffcsera ray ifateiwit-Iaw Adeline l&cce; mi x demlsiej' way ever since my firofflwairv Eredn&r; — Jme 15, lH7i— wficn I was Ecnnis Enme from Bosnf- nBr-sefmnB to Be ntesenfe ni Rer mamnare so fiw e55s4 BcseJuar;: Bret tiever imril tSat SroatrEfiril FcmcBi <rf Jrfy, J.tTT, Bxi I!c»J iiue 'nffijfiifegt" 5fe» off Rer ««-; «cSEcyea$itB3By ainl eaifiitaace xi » .rtecy-fefflar. Jfoir iffs I snppose I gfioufd «mr&x;»w5miswm offiAcmi-ar wayf ire I®! Bynig' Enr svqozz — ioA not Arfelrne XSsafe mmmd! tmiS As 3Tew Toclc Bag- f«a«l t& i ffie cesy tfiuis I Bxff my first! sewsas ign troJ wttBi GaBriel fEawifa-nif, TBnt rtcisntail t5e evererair Before tRe Bsmeesesi&inaS; xantrersazy off the DeeSmtuiis off JBmnSmx Ku&pendaace;, xsrff was xRoot — dW me 5 — the siHTest tftnrg; looSang Bxife, fe seems almost BixjsissiBIe lis BeCete nBat we eonfiff Bare Bees so eztameffy ffviBorfli as to qiarrel MwwarfnaffiydSJ — Hit IH tE yore dl gftrmtot, ami I y,ra ems pnle for ynrer- «?£. GaBrwJ Bail Beets cexifiigr aloreii fears suae Etio&Bi; pireer or ocBer— the HthrnUiy Rimaitt rf IrememBer arieiit — am xrtteSe eacTcfe? 3ffotI»et3-OT>-!Law,'r atari « Be Ibtiff drswtu the paper Be sanf, "I ffirfSf agree witft tRe writer tBaz tBe fjfcw— many off thens trery streguJ ones — at As esgemis off mwtRers-iis-D aw Bare Seem easrael fjjlBte fasr enuog ami I also agree wBf&t; B«r — " " Or Bfim,"' I sngsesteiJ. "—or Bam, tt\nt were areTots off splene «5I women) aatongr tBetw, Bret at tBe same tome I nuraterstSiSf that Id prerer a SKmswmBoret s motBesBs-la.w,n' Sow I Bml Beeai am orpBtus ever since 1 wax £re yearns off age, ami wBat pose sesaetl me to feel so angry at CraBrieTs ranarfc I exanot nungnte ; Eotanrfryl was, and wisBi ffimBetl eBeefes and fBaaiW cag eiee I cafeetl my Read from Bis sBoci&ir; — off eotnae we were engaged — and Xifed, nsEgitanrly, atk» joxt mean to say jots worefil ai'.c Bare K&ed; rof mot&err; SstBrajg off tBe sort," son! Be, witB, x'soAs. bwyv f sBoreBl Biare BfceJ fier, SfBe mtme Bare Beets efiarmms-. to Bass R»l sis cBanmngf x dbngfiter-T " . Bret I refetfetl to retoriii Bis «mi!er and, wntBi Bex! eery erect, went on, Bat yotr wooBff not Bane sfimred yoor Borne waStEer?" \\-_ SOf dirndBl ffranlBEy, I wereld: noc,", " IBent 1 nefetr wanfil Exre lire! witB jta Eff yais refimel to. albw my mother f. Be one off the BrtuwBoM/' eriel I. . Ale, ysmr a'StetSi® Sir me must Be- deep BnfetUT saal Be, wfcBi proroEShs- csefees . -"Bret at spite off yotnr torecit- otg dseBtratmoi, my dear, f still rer-ear, so moAec=5s-fttw its sty Rooae. IVr wea.Komredi off that arrajv-remeiit in my owts ffaniiTjy, .. A mats tuay Be a greei Jifer, and Bits wSfef mntBer may Be a good feffiiw, wBife apnsrt, Bret Bring- tLem loreesBer ntsfetr the same rooff, 'ar.-l in amety- tmte extes- oct off w Enislied Kre and ganpowdler woreSl Be ataiiBIisr com- psaaaw ns eomparwots,' -fftier JaaaSjs mtgBt Be Betcertetn- pcred Q-»ii yorers," said f, wit® are at tempt at sxsatsns, J/iW miglit Be." - "So mother- iisda-w, my H>re was GoBefefff soBs reply, , " The® no. CBsslate Hower," sail I, asx perfect ramet " And w&atffs; more, yws ncedrn't wait any linger. . 1 won't SptomxarwiS affss. rastBiere, nowr" := "y weBT (why do people say "Very wetl" when they mean the contrary!). And st last, really j.-.-"- roked. my Iorer seized his hat, and wa ge ne in a flash. Bid yon ever bear of a afliier quarrel, taking into consideration , as I said be fore, that 1 bad no mother, and, as 1 didtft say before, Gabriel was also motherless! .- - ". The lellst were ringing merrily when T awofe next morning (I had tht® oat the moon, sad cried myself to sleep .the night before), and. when I drew -np inr shade the sunshine came in as gforiotuly as thoii Gabriel and I had not qnarrelled. Bat itc brightoees to all not mate me forget that we had. I was dim trag of it all the time I was dressing and wondering what I was to do with myself all the long, hot, noisy day. It had been arranged a month before that Gabriel and -I should sjm-1 rite Fourth with Ins only aster, who lived in charming' eeontry boose in a pretty Connectient tillage, and Gabriel bad called to escort me thither ou the ereu- mg off the 3rd, when, onfortonately bar ing a little tone to spare, be regaled me with the article on " Motbersdn- Law/" That reading, as I hare already nar rated, resnlted in my staying at borne. "I sopposd," I said, latterly, to mrs df, ', that Gabriel has gone, and that that : Price girl, with eyebrows lite iniesmgs- ; fion pomfs, will be' hovering about bim aQ day, aa she' always does and I gare my wrapper anch a pall that two of the bottoms flew off, sriien Adeline Eliza came m. "Why, Carline," said ri>e — erery- Body else called me Carrie — " ain't roo goner " So" replied, I shortly, resisting an mclihation to mate some sarcastic re- mart on the most obvious fact. "Whynotr " Because I didn't want to" — pet tishly and nngrammatically. " Had a tiff witli Gale?" (Every body else called biia Gabrieh) Ai>I then seeing I would not answer, she con- trnned, good- natmedly — to do Iter jas- tice.she waa the sonl of good-natore — " TSell don't stay mopii,' ;xre. Tate a enp off coffee, pat on yoar things, and come with Gns and me. My folks are al t a-gom' to meet st Hillside, and have X gnod old-faahtoned picnic. Ton know granilfather and mother arid heaps of tor relations live there. Horry np and : come along." ' Ami I harried up, and went along, for, as I qnlefcly reasoned, spending the day with daisy dotted fields, fine old trees, green hills, and an old-fashioned picnic woold be much better than being nearly driren . crazy by cannons, fire works, smoke, and toys. . Hillside looked com and inviting as we stopped at the depot. Lot my heart sank, wrthin me as I tbqqed from the train. I seemed so far away froiu Gabriel, and the thought that tlie I'rice girl was no doubt so near, afforded toe anything bat consolation. And now while we are walking single file along the narrow sidewalk, shaded by round old apple trees, I'll go lock a Utile in my story to tell yon that a week before this Fourth of .Inly a lesrgiar lifl Been caught m grandmamma's home. Adeline .Eliza caogbt hirn, btrt nnlortn- nately had teen obliged to let hho gole- ffore assistance arrired. Sine- l!„- eventfrel night I had heard her tell Low she ' woke np, about twelve o'clock" — Gos r being away — "fetdin as though somethin' was gorn' to happen, and there stool a great, tall fellow, with big Uack whiskers, at the barer"; and how she " sprang for him, and hang around bis neck till he began to choke, screamra' ' Tinnier!' all the time"; and how " he got away, and jumped oat - of the back winder, on to the grape arbor, just .as the policeman came inr theidoor"; and how " he bed a pistol, and if he; conld have'got it oat of his pocket, , be wonld 'a shot roe" (and lefore that dreadful day war over I almost wished bo had) — sotnany thnes that -l was as wearied as "Marian! in the moated grange." And . when I beard Adeline Eliza begin, ,to a bucolic relation who bad-met as at the station, and in whose footsteps, she fol- lowed, " A' great, tall fellow," I groaned in spirit. Xot that I bad any idea bow that burglar wonld pnrsoe me. all day. If I had bad, I should have silently tuned and fled, and taken the next train tack to the city. After a quarter of an bom's walk we arrived at the house of -a particular aunt who was to be oar .particular hostess and f Band her and her whole family awaiting as pn; the umple'porch, while before the gate stood a large and comfortable- looking carry-nil. Into this, after nnmberlWs hearty welcomes, we were helped, and in. a few moments were npon the. grounds selected for the picnic. Pleasant; grass-covered, nndu- lating, tree-shaded grounds, with n little brook rnnning along at the back of them, glittering, splashing, and chatter ing in a most delightful manner. Beneath a grand old hickory, which partly overhang this brook i sat me down, and Adeline Eliza and several of iter brothers, and a few of her sisters, and two or three of her cousins, and her sunt, and her bright-oyed old mother, grouped themselves before me. " Isn't this lovely ?'' exclaimed one of the consins. " Beautiful !" nil Adeline Eliza. "Bat 1 mast tell yon about the burglar ; never came so near hoing killed m all my life." I gently swnng my feet over the hank on which I was sittis.g. " I went to sleep that night awful tired" — I dropped almost into the brook below—" bat somethih' made me wake op" — I stole away on tip-toe — f and there stood a great, fall fellow" reaching rov ears as I descended into a Lilliputian valley with my sparkling little companion. I walked with the happy brook a mile or more, and then turned back as the dinner-horn sounded. And such a dinner ! or, more p.roperly speaking, sash a breakfast, lunch, and dinner nil mingled into one huge meal, as met my astonished vision when I again joined the party ! Giant loaves of home-made Bread ; instnHs, tuns, crackere ; pork and beans together; beans without the pork ; y,rh withont the beans ; chickens reavtivl, broiled, and in salads ; beef Jy/iVd and baked ; peas, corn, and nioro beaus skOlfoIly combined, or in separate dishes ; young beets, cucmnliers, lettuces ; cakes —a legion of cakes ; pies — a host of pies ; berries — bnsbels of berries ; coffee, tea, and lemonade — gallons of them all 1 If ever table did goats beneath the weight of food, those tables should have groaned with a groan more appalling than ever was heard from the ghost of Hamlet's fattier. Xcver saw J m boontiful a repast before and, troth to tell, it was a welcome right, for, notwithstanding my grief at being separated from my Gabriel, youth arid country air -assorted themselves, nud I was decided)' hungry. ' "Set right down bore, Cnr'linc," called my sister-in-law, tbo moment J caine in sight, pointing to a vacant seat on her right. 1 obeyed, unfolded my napkin, took a cup of coffee somebody handed me, said, "Yes, thank ybii,":'to an offer of roast chicken, when A/leiine Eliza, with her mouth full of succotash, turning to her neighbor on her, left, resumed the story which iny nrrivai; apparently had interrupted for n ' iiid- mont : "A great, tall fellow 'with hig — " I jumped up hastily. There was an unoccupied chair, at the' chil dren's table. "I'll help take care of the littlo ones," said T, and fled once more. , , Dinnor lasted about two hours, and shortly after a stalwart, browu- fneed young farmer bashfully proposed -a swing, or " a scup," as lie called it. I eagerly accepted. bis invitation. .Any thing, anything, I thought, to get away from those "big black whiskers," and ; keep Gabriel and that forward Price girl out of my 'mind. Besides which,' I was very found of swinging. So in a Tew moments I wns'mcrrilyflyiiigup among the trcetops, And in Another few .moments n'shrill, too well known 'voice followed me. I glanced , down.' Ade- ilino Eliza, stood beneath' an adjacent tree, talking to her deaf , old grand father. rm-T-i'- ".No, no, Ididn't Bay -black sisters," she screamed; " black " ivliiikcrs — big black whiskers." ' ' ;y'; : . And thereafter, "no matter how high 'I soared, that1. wretched Atory soared ;with me.; ;/ "'/I 'gave hini a choke," yelled 'Adeline! 'Eliza. >.'!' j "No, no, not 'joke.1, ''It wnsri't no' joke, '.biit- a real' burglar."- ' .uut me cnL uiu, murmurcu 1 10 my. farmer friend, and boforo it was . fairly dead I- sprang from the swing, and pre cipitately joined a noisy party who wcro ' playing " Follow1 my leader" willi sliouts ' of laughter that could have certainly been heard a mile away. - Supper. Another heavily loaded table, and people eating as though they had had no, dinner. ' Adeline Eliza sat opposite To ' me. An ohlor sister who had just arrived on the' sceno of' action — her carringo haying broken down, arid .'tumbled herself and : children' into the dust five miles up the road, from wlicnco they had 'all trudged, while "pa"' wont to look for a blacksmith— took her place 'at tnv'side. " ' ' . " I declare when that wagon wont to' .pieces," 'said tho,' " I was almost scared to' death." j " Scared to death !" repeated my sister-in- law, with ' an accent of scorn. " Guess if you'd 'a waked up anil scon a bnrglar in your room, as /did t'other, night — " " No !" exclaimed her sister. ; ' " No ' no' about it," replied Adeline Eliza, gulping down lior ico-creain in such n hurry that her nose turned bine, and I shivered. "A great,' tall fel low—-" I started to my feet, plumped an open-eyed, open-mouthed, urchin into ' my place, handed him iriy cako and ico- crenm, and rushed out into tho old- fashioned garden. Even there nay evil spirit seemed to pursue mc, and I fancied the crickets chirped over and over again, " A great, tall follow," nnil tho tree-toads and katydids joined in with Big black whiskers, big black whiskers." " Oh, Gabriel 1 Gabriel I" snid I, " if you but know what I suffered, you wouldn't ovon speak to that Price girl, let nlono play croquet with her, as I sup- poso you hare been doing all the nfter- . noon !" And I wandered about among the sleeping flowers until tho crickets and trec-toads and katydids had resumed their usual song, and then I returned to the house, hoping to find the old . arm-chair, that s'ood at one onil of the porcli, without on occupant. It was. All tho party; as I saw when I peeped through tho white muslin window-cur tains, were assembled iu the long, low- coilinged parlor. Adclino Eliza snt iu the centre of tho room, ono of tlio chil dren asleep in her lap. " And I woke up," she was saying, "and there stood — " " Where, oh, where shall I fly 1" ex claimed I, in nervous agony ; and in my agitation and the darkness, missing die porch steps, I stumbled 'arid fell into he armB of— Gabriel, my Gabriel. " Who are yon' flying -from,' dear V ho asked, as he gave me a kiss. " A great tall fellow — " began I. He nut me away from him sternly. " While I have been at lionie.nluhc nil day," lie said, " thinking (if you, an-i iit last, iuinblo to endure your absence any longer, have followed yon here. j/uiu it seeiiis, have been .flirting—1 " " No, no, Gabriel.'' I almost -hunt <1 " yon are mistaken — ever so umcli mi<- tiikcri. You can't imagine — you never could imagine — what' this day has been made to me by — what's its liniuc ? — ' it eration,' as somebody soys in Henry the Fourth. Poo's raven with its fune real ' Never more,' uinst have been bliss in comparison. Only listen."'- Arid lie listened, laughing heartily one moment, and sympathising juritli mo tliq next, , " You poor little. ' niartyr, ". lie said, when I had Unishcd; — "Bul-it's all over now, and we'll norer quarrel again. Had you fifty mothers,. they should all bo welcomo to the shelter of mv humble roof. "Oh, no, yoti are tar good, dearest," crieil I, not to bo- outdoheiu generosity. We'd tako enro of tlie'nr nicely just aronrid the corner."" " " When, the party was breaking up, Gabriel helped' 'ine ' into tho carry-all, "Why, Gaboj" exclaimed -Adeline Eliza, " is that you ? . You'll have to Bleep in the burn. ' And then looking down into tho earnest face of a'yonhg nephew who snt nt her feet, she snid; " Let me see. Where. was I? Ob -yes. A great; tall fellow—" But' what cared I? Tlio spell was broken. I never heard an other word of tho story, although I be lieve slto told it again to the very end, for my heart' ! was ' singing loudly, " Gabriel, is here ! Gabriel' is hero!" — Ilarpers Wecltlu. " In our next — " A' Terrible Duel." 