About Snakes. historical and social. Shakes command a very catholic, but rather sidelong, regard in sooth, no bessie of the field receive the like attention. Their report goes forth solemnly from the cathedral : not less faithfully from the shepherd's hut. We meet them constantly gliding into table-talk ; we see them uncoiling wondrously in storied type. Every sunburnt traveller has a Joseph's meet of snake stones to set before us, said with marvels, an Two consume it with a keen appetite and no discretion. Every paragraphist knows the value of the sea serpent, or the inordinate inches of a python, We could exclaim, "What a car is here I" about snakes, did not commence whisper that we share the interest and are, by these presents, adding to the garrulity. In cool climes this concernment is mostly adventitious its roots stricken deep down in the dark dank mud up mythic love, be ours, much more in those which are thoroughly efficient incubators of reptile sperm, it becomes intrinsic-solid, and, indeed, eelf-plemshiug, if it rub but smartly against optician interests. Where, as in His contain, the annual tale of deaths from snake-bite rises to a sensible percentage of the population it is no wonder that the creatures, their habits and peculiarities, lodge in the thoughts and play on the tongues of men. But the outcome of that which plays loosely on the tongues of men is likely to be in part error specially if the emotions boats playmates ; and to this that much uttered about snakes 99 coloured by nursery engagement, and it is but natural that the subject should be encrusted with fallacies as a mud- flat stone with lichens. To reduce, if only by one, these misconceptions is the writer's wishful but not hopeful aim : old tenants of the mind are not to be evicted with a touch, and some of our curious notions about snakes are veteran indeed heirlooms of a thousand generations or more, whose pedigree founder was the first man with sense and articulation enough to indoctrinate himself and his incumbrances with snake horror. For indubitably fear (indiscriminating because often well founded) is the mainspring of this interest of ours. Developing according to its went into veneration, it was as certainly the basis' of that gorge headed system of serpent worship which dominated men before the eyes of Europe and Syria ramified over the hemi- spheres, and but lately traced its graceful symbolism on the jungle-buried temples of Guatemala. The fear of snakes is a wholesome one while under the eye of judgment; blindly indulged, as it usually is, it works more harm than does the richest fearlessness. There is abundant reason to say that in many a case people have been frightened to death, or to long and perilous sickness, by the bites of harmless or slightly venomous snakes. Every person, therefore, has a very self-iegardful inducement to educate himself and those about him out of this wholesale dread-an oud not difficult to attain by a cursory study of snake characteristics. Though fear it was that drove men into the Idolatry of snake worship, the respect so engendered has been in all ages race eased by admira- tion of the undeniable beauty of form and splendour or neatness of colouring germane to snake life. If our minds be freed from instilled loathing we can watch, in that waving column of life, the very emblem of grace, whether in repose or activity-the organised energized type of the " line of beauty ;" we can dwell on the contour of the sleeping coil ever returning upon itself, and appreciate the old poetic thoughts that made it the symbol of eternity and of the life perpetuating sun-god and we may be sure that the beauty which has instructed the artist and the poet-those great propagators of the imagination - has stimulated superstition, its child, notwithstanding that it is the beauty of a thing otherwise abhorrent. Danger and beauty are sources of interest obvious enough ; not so that other conception of the serpent's an eminent intelligence which has led some nations to do it reverence, others to hold it execrable. Orthodoxy requires that we should believe in the whilom preeminence of the snake's mental faculties and if deliberate malice be one and an important phase of intellectuality we must believe that it has regained much of its old superiority, for this is a vice frequently attributed to the animal by injured enemies and closet naturalists. Conspicuous on the head-gear of royalty the serpent symbolised the reigning whilom of the Nile ; but whether the pyramid builders deduced the idea of snake wisdom from an idiosyncracy of any Nilotio serpent, or whether, like semi-civilised people in general, they mistook subtlety for wisdom, and saw evidence of supreme cunning in the stealthy movements natural to, and patient ambuscade ascribed to, the snake, it boots not to inquire. Certain it is that we have an unmistakable measure of the snake's capacity in its diminutive brain-case and undeveloped cerebrum, and that the conclusion of physiology is not invalidated, but confirmed, by all we know of the habits and proclivities of these animals. THEIR FIGHTING QUALITIES. They are far from using any delusive trickery or, circumventing sleight against man or other animal, either in self-support of self-defence such as the bird practises in safeguard of her nest, or the angling fishes in their capture of prey much less do they display that innate spite against even their inveterate persecute which authors describe and teachers keep all out amid the stagnant scum of prejudice. If they strike the hand that by mis- chance approaches them, or the fact that presses them unwittingly, they do so not in malice prepense, nor even in revenge these are passions too human-but simply in self-protection. If they fight, it is for dear life not for the hereditary sentiment of a clan. But, in truth, they fight not at all they are non- combatants for very cowardice. Stories of pertinacious aggressive- ness on the part of snakes are not uncommon, but, as those who habitually kill or capture Snakes of all kinds unhesitatingly affirm that they exhibit the purest anxiety to escape, these apparent instances of combativeness would doubtless be susceptible of a different interpretation were all the circumstances known. An incident that of late occurred to the writer may possibly be an explanatory type of all such cases. Seeing a large black snake in motion on the edge of a lagoon, between the water and a tree, he intercepted it to secure so fine a speci- men. To his surprise the snake, instead of retreating, made a determined rush towards him. For several minutes, wheeling right and left, he made a show of fight, fiercely evading the blows aimed at him at close quarters, till at length, with a sudden dash that brought him in contact with his assailant's person, he disappeared in the rear. He had made good his escape into his hole at the root of the tree, and all his seeming ferocity was but a nervous anxiety to reach it. This, we repeat, may serve to account for all similar cases, including that of the historical boa whose skin was preserved in the Capitol. This well-known story, stripped of compound exaggeration, may read thus Ad- vanced guard cuts off a huge snake from its lair ; boa, alarmed, rushes homeward ; Roman heroes, demoralised, fall back on cohorts ; con- sternation general ; crowd " bailed up," as by a six-shooter; dux orders up batiste, and at long range well nigh earns a triumph out of 25-foot snake that would only have been too glad to depart in peace, THE in SWALLOWING TOWERS. Speaking of boats, one is reminded of a habit attributed to the family which, theoretically, is very improbable. They are customarily said most, circumstantially, however, by writers of the Waterton School to lubricate their prey, previous to degradation, by smearing it completely with saliva. When, as often we read, the result of the process is the disappearance of the ox or stag, tail foremost, down the interior of the monster till the operation is brought to a premature close by the fixation of the hours between the snake's jaws, we can estimate pretty nearly the value of any given statement in the same narrative. In the absence of any confirmation of the fact by those who are familiar with captive snakes it is difficult to give it credence. It is true that in the Boidic the salivary glands, and especially the parties, are largely developed ; saliva flows profusely into the mouth at need, but for any external application of it there is no organ at all adequate. Instead of the broad flat tongue adapted to such use we find a long forked worm like one- all in strument of exploration by touch, and retractable, not into the free cavity of the mouth, where it could gather saliva, but into a sheath out of reach of -it. Snakes of other families certainly do not lubricate the prey, and one cannot conceive why the contractors alone should do so. In all likelihood the inventive faculty that launched the idea was prompted by two circumstances misinterpreted. The constrictor, after asphyxiating his victim (he does not always crush it), proceeds to swallow it head first, and very probably has been seen examining the body, with it's tactile tongue to make sure of its death and place itself in fit posture for applying its jaws to the head. The prey being received within the 'mouth '(or rather the snake's head being stretched over it, is, by the act, covered with saliva to ease its passage as the six separate jaws of the glutton work it down into the gullet with their reciprocal so Saw action. Now, a recently or half swallowed meal is occasionally, and doubtless for dietary reasons, disgorged and re-swallowed, and an instance of this met with by an impulsive observer would be given to the world as a purposed lubrication of the morsel, and would beget its like in print for generations. ' THEIR MOTIVE CAPACITY'. . It is the pleasure of some to look on the scale as a degraded animations' reduced from a more respectable rank . of organisation. They are gratified by the affirmation of the naturalist that a continuous t series of reptiles from the quadrupedal 1 lizards to the limbless snakes can easily be traced ; but from him at least they do not venture to demand whether the assumed inferiority of the latter be due to natural or to Euperveniug curses. The superficial imperfection might be held conclusive could we ignore the significant teachings of anatomy. The separation of the snakes from the Hi lids is not accomplished solely, nor even cases they, by the removal of the legs, but by concomitant modifications of the internal organs especially emphasised in the viscera and cranial structures. A lizard deprived of legs, but otherwise unchanged, would be a monster, an anomaly whose speedy end would be destruction. A snake though devoid of legs is perfectly organised, for by its conditions of life, it is aberrant indeed from the Lizard, but has in no wise sunk to a lower horizon of ver vibrate life. He who derives satisfaction from the idea that the snake is a living witness of its own deserved abasement would do well to remember that it is not a creature, of yesterday. Snakes as we see them crawled the grout ages before man left the earliest trace of his existence yet known. It is worthy of remark that the typical snakes those in which optician characters are most pronounced -are viviparous, or nearly so (ovovivlparous). We may not indeed lay too much stress on Social' maturation as an index of superior organisation, since the birds do not accomplish it but within the limits of the cold-blooded it is significant, since in them it occurs with great rarity. Legs are suggestive, of locomotion, and to this among the habitues of the snake we now turn, induced by several prevalent errors respecting it errors which, strangely enough, have been sanctified by eminent authors. To comprehend the modes of locomotion natural to snakes, some points of their structure must necessarily be understood. The snake's backbone is elongated by virtue of the excessive multiplication of its jointed segments or verbal to. Closely interlocked by projecting keys, and firmly bound together by rough tissue, these bones have but limited motion one upon another their greatest play, that from side to side, is not extensive ; from behind forwards it is much less ; in a backward direction it is scarcely appreciable ; while any degree of revolution round their centres of contact is impossible. But the mobility of each, though restricted when multiplied by the whole number of the series, which may amount to upwards of 300, confers on the spine its incomparable facility of lateral and couvoluting motion. From each vertebra of the trunk springs on either side an arched ribs, be loosely joined on that it is capable of motion in all directions, and to the eucla of each pair of ribs are attached the outer corners and edge of one of the broad scales which shield the under surface of the body, The vertebra; ribs, and Shields are the passive organs of loco- motion the motive power resides in the muscles appropriated to them. Along the upper surface of the back, on each side of the spine, runs an enormous mass of muscle, while the under surface of the spine is supplied with another body of muscle not usually of much power. These "dorsal" muscles are the agents of all secure and erection of the body. The disposition of the upper muscle causes the greater part of its bulk to act laterally ; if the muscle of one side alone contract the effect is motion towards that side from simple bending to the complex coil ; if different portions act alternately on opposite sides the body is thrown into folds- certain layers may, under strong volition, jerk it backward with a slight flexure. Tho subspinal muscles have for their chief work constriction. The ribs are set in motion by a. special set of muscles, or rather by a special arrangement of the ordinary intercostal. It is inopportune to enter upon their peculiarities. Let it suffice that the motion chiefly impressed upon the ribs in an oscillation parallel with the spine, whereby the lower ends and shield connected with them move through a small space at each pull of their muscles. Between the end of the rib and the outer edge of the shield is a slip of muscle which, aided by another yet smaller between the Shields themselves, raises that edge synchronously with the advance of the rib. The erected edge of the shield catching on any asperity of the surface beneath it becomes a fulcrum, enabling the muscles of the rib behind it to draw the body forward, and every scale in contact with the surface being put into action successively the whole body is carried onwards by a perpetual series of minute steps. But if the scale edge meet with no sufficient resistance the power expended on the ribs is to an extent wasted ; hence we see that snakes move laboriously over thick dust or yielding sand, and are completely arrested by a polished surface. Curious and unique is this gait of the serpent on its skin-feet, as with glid- ing ghost-like motion devoid of gesture and apparently of means, to be recognised only by change of place, it steals inch by inch on an unwary victim, or passes on in leisurely quietude. With what deftness, precision, and stability it moves is exemplified by a carpet snake which has been seen by a friend of the writer gliding on the top of a fencing wire. But now let us startle our snake and send him off at speed-not too great, however, for observation. A total change has come over his mode of progress. The whole body is cast into sinuous folds. The head and neck are raised slightly from the ground. The head moves onward in a series of curves, and its motion is propagated, as it were, through the undulating body. If we can credit our own eyes the motion is continuous and undulatory throughout. Yet what do we find in that splendid monument of research, the Compara- tive Anatomy" of Professor Owen? This: "A second and swifter mode of locomotion" (the one in question) is by successively banding and straightening portions of the body." Further, "The extension of the forepart of the body carries that part forward, while the necessary resistance is afforded by the point of the tail or by the erected ReuteR. This being effected, and the ground grasped by the erected scenes forward, a flexing of the rest of the body will draw forward the tail." A little lapse in our habitual ? veneration of authority, and we could not read this statement with gravity. Who, we may ask, over saw a snake stretch out his fore parts, apply his throat as a grapnel to clutch the ground, and then draw up his hinder length ? Who could see so lame and impotent a hobble in the sinuous rush of the quick glancing serpent ? But the presumption of criticising a writer so learned must be justified, if possible, by an explanation of the real nature of this progression. It is dear that in mechanical principle it must be entirely different to the mode first described. Crawling by the States would lose not gain, efficiency by its course being rendered tortuous. The snake's progression by means of vibrating curves is in kind identical with that of the swimming fish. The short trunk of the majority of fishes can form but a single flexure wherewith it strikes the water right and left ; the two oblique mo mentums so acquired resolving themselves into one straight line of progress. In the long-drawn bodies of the eel, and similar fishes, room is allowed for several curvatures, each of which beats the water, precisely as the single stroke of the Shorter fish, and in unison with the rest propels the body according to the same law of revolution. The snake itself advances in water in like manner, and from the act of swimming his undulatory propulsion on land differs only in the medium of resistance, which, instead of being fluid weight, in the friction of his erected shields on the grounds friction most perfect where it is most wanted, on the convex edge of the folds whom the ribs describe a larger area of movement. It is apparent that the sinuosities of the body must be deeper on land than in water, to compensate for the reduced area of resistance and this accords with observation. In the great work already quoted wo road with surprise of another kind of locomotion adopted by snakes which we will venture to say is quite unknown to simple observers. They are instructed that the animal takes a firm hold of the ground by the shields of its neck, draws up the body into a vertical arch, fixed down the tail, and then (we suppose) stretches out the body for another stop. The ordinary result will, of course, be the gait of the looping caterpillars, whose powerful grasping feet fore and aft are no more than necessary to the performance ; but on occasion, we are told the body by a sudden forcible action " is carried forward as by a leap further than its own length. The only case in which we could imagine that a resemblance to such a mode of progress could deceive an onlooker would be that of a hunted snake wildly vaulting, as it were, over long tangled grass in its hurried flight. That the vertical attitude, whether in many waves for quiet progress or in one arch for looping or leap- ing, is ever assumed by the snake is flatly con- tradicted both by experience and by the author's own inconsistent but true remark, " that there is no natural undulation of the body upward and downward-it can take place only from side to side." As for leaping, it is very doubtful whether snakes leap by any means. Opinion holds in the affirmative, appealing to experience and the suitability of mechanism in the coil. Several instances of the snake having been seen to leap upwards have become known to the writer, but the so-called leap seemed, on inquiry, to be nothing more than that bobbing dancing motion of the forepart of the body which the snakes seem to delight in, and which are familiar to us in scenes of Indian snake charming. It is said that the serpent has been seen to leap forwards and seems a bird on the wing. The bird was no doubt seized the leap was probably a vigorous projection of some two-thirds of the reptile body whereby a spring was simulated, not a leap accomplished. The analogy between it snake's coil and a spiral spring is a favourite but superficial one, true only as to form. The sudden un- ceiling of a horizontal spring would have a revolutionary effect anything but conducive to upward intentions. Muscular force acting laterally could not well be transmitted perpendicularly backwards to the tail as the fixed point. In short, the only motion of the kind over which opinion, theory, and observation may join hands to the backward ones. It is probably correct that a driven snake may by a violent effort fling itself backwards, and so, doubling on its pursuer and unconsciously frightening him to a retreat, escape. Sunken are well known to be expert climbers ; it is truly wonderful to see with what sure ease they traverse surfaces, apparently in defiance of gravity. In ascending oblique trees or boughs the undulatory motion is always employed, and if, as is asserted of their usual habit they ever climb in a spiral course it must be while making way up perpendicular trunks it is a point on which this penman would gladly receive information, TllEIll POISON APPARATUS. Also on another feature in the economy of snakes : the special use, otherwise the final purpose, of the poison apparatus. Of what advantage is poison to the Snakes possessing it. It will be answered : It enables them to kill their prey ; or, it is a means of self-defence. But both those views are interrupted by objections. If venom be necessary to the victualling of certain snakes it is difficult to conceive how many of the innocuous ones, equally devoid of or feeble in pro heifer organs, yotpursuingtha samoprey,can get a livelihood without it. Kreft tells his readers that venomous snakes " file and let go." Unless, then, it should appear that the venom is in all cases powerful enough, to paralyse or stupefy tho prey immediately, the snake must lose many a meal ; yet there are snakes with fangs as imbecile as the sting of a bee. It is not true that after seizing their prey these snakes always let go and await its death. The black Biniko is often seen with a frog, drawing the struggling shrieking wretch into its mouth. The writer lately found in the stomach of a venomous snake six mice, of which only one had been wounded by a long. If, again, self-defence to the purposed end to this also the poison faculty seems ill adapted, lively animal, including man, that can excite the fear and so incur the preventive stroke of the repute has abundant time, and every disposition, to destroy it. Its fangs, so far from protecting it, only bring down on it swifter and surer death. A perfectly satisfactory answer to the query is, therefore, by no means so obvious as at first dawn appears and it would be interesting to see light thrown upon it by fuller knowledge of the modes of feeding adopted by not only the venomous but those innocuous snakes which are not known to kill by constriction. Here appears an opportunity of reminding readers of the signs which serve to distinguish the dangerous from the harmless snakes. The indications have been frequently and efficiently pointed out ; but for general belief, and by way of showing that zoology can be "practical," they may be repeated, premising that often too often for excited apprehension undue reliance is placed on the breadth of the head behind the jaws as the great feature of a venomous snake. This breadth is partly the result of a strong development of the masseter muscles working the jaws, partly of large parcels glands glands which, irrespective of size, may or may not secrete venom. One of the most deadly looking snakes we have is our harmless constrictor, the carpet-snake, and it is constantly reaping the evil of its evil aspect. If the snake whose bite is dreaded be. in hand, count the scales on the edge of the upper lid from the angle of the jaw to, but not including, the large one in front called the central ; if they are found to be more than seven all apprehension may be cast aside ; but for further satisfaction count the rows of scales on the body, not including the shields on the belly ; if the scales are in twenty-six rows or more the snake is innocent. Smooth polished scales, not fabricated like the tiles of a roof-a short tail ending in a Bpino, together with imperceptible eyes lips curved considerably upwards behind the eyes-a small hook on each side the venture one and all trustworthy confirmations of the same conclusion. On the other hand a reduced number of rows of body-scales (less than twenty box), the scales fewer than eight, and a straight game, should lead to further examination. On opening the mouth there may appear nothing to alarm one. The long curved fang of the poison brewer U generally folded back on the gun at the end of the upper jaw. Here it may be sought for with fine-pointed instrument. But if no such tooth can be raised, and the other teeth are pretty equal in size and disposed regularly on the jaw, the snake is innocuous. It may be well, however, to add that certain snakes of general unknown in Queensland have some of their back teeth enlarged and grooved, and that such Snakes have a very bad reputation in their native land. THEIR. roWlinS OP FASCINATION. Of all the faculties ascribed to snakes none is more startling and less intelligible than their supposed power of fascination. Were it not that " there are more things in heaven and earth than are dreamt of in our philosophy" we might dogmatise on and declare it to be ridiculously impossible that the eye of a snake could have any influence whatever over another animal-much less that it could drag down into the jaw below it the very bird on the wing. To this length we will not go, but endeavour to form a fair judgment of the degree and kind of truth open to us. Reports of something taken for a fascinating process, and that by men whose intelligence is to the writer's knowledge sober enough to accredit their opinion, are too many to be lightly laid aside. We must accept as a fact that snakes do occasionally obtain food in an extraordinary way by means that are at least suggestive of mal influence. The most frequent cases are of birds seen to flutter nervously to and fro before the gazing reptile all the while uttering anxious cries, as though conscious of a power which was subduing them, drawing nearer and nearer at every turn, till they are brought within the range of their destroyer, or helplessly drop into his open jaws. Other instances are of frogs which have been seen to sit as though in lethargy while the snake has been creeping slowly upon them till it could feel them with its very tongue. There are two or more theories about such cases, One that the victims are subjected to an influence, unknown in kind peculiar to snakes, and exercised by them consciously or unconsciously a power which by unaccountable means paralyses the voluntary muscles, or overbears volition and gives it a self destructive tendency. Another is that the observed actions or inaction of the animal are due to a perfectly natural cause-the con- fusing or paralysing effect of terror. Still another, which may be suggested, is that birds habitually attempt to drive away all dangerous intruders upon their haimtä-wheeling about and assailing with beak and wing hawks or other unwelcome strangers and in their fluttering concern to drive away a foe so pernicious to themselves and Jucata as a snake they may unintentionally come within its reach, seduced perhaps by its seeming platitude. As to the frog, is removable apathy is so great that we should hardly expect it to be disturbed by the approach even of a snake. Those whose minds tend towards the mysterious, or those who have " seen with my own eyes, sir," things inexplicable, will shake their heads Over appeals to the rational. Whether they will find justification in that multiplicity of observa- tion which the writer now invites from his fellow bushmen,' time will tell. Meanwhile we shall probably not fail to meet with respectable approval if we say that a natural explanation there is to be given if only we know it. TiiieKTiiony. 18th November, (Chas. W. Davies.) NB-In is universally known that the wound made by a venomous snake presents two punctures slightly separated that of a harmless one two lines of punctures nearly parallel with each other. A case has lately been communicated to the writer wherein the successional fang on one side of the head of a death-adder was matured while the old one was in place. The result of this would be three punctures somewhat irregularly disposed ; and since the auccessionals on both sides might equally be developed a wound of four punctures in two pairs might possibly occur, to the misleading of the examiner. 