XIUSIC AND THE DRAMA. DoNIzETTI's opera, "Linda di Chamou nix," was revived at the Covent Garden .Theatre, London, in July, by Adehna Patti and the Royal Italian Opera Com piany. The Montague-Turner Opera Company conoluded a most successful season at the Gaiety, Sydney, on Saturday last, Gounod's famous opera, " Faust," being performed to a crowded house. They open here on Monday night week, in Wallace's opera, " Maritana," to (I hope) a crammed house. The Kelly and Leon Opera Company, at the Opera House, Sydney, have been producing the well.known opera, " Girofl6 Girofla," to good " biz." during the past week. " La Fills de Madame Angot " is announced for this evening. Two New. castle favourites are included in the Com pany,- Messrs. John Frazer and F. Rogers. I notice that Miss Clara Hamilton in tends giving us a treat on Thursday next, when she will give, in addition to other songs, the popular "Caller Herrin'" which " took" so well in Sydney, on the occasion of her farewell benefit. " Olivette " is in its fourth week at the " Royal," in Sydnley.-Lucky Sam. I regret to have to record the death of poor Jim Booty, who was, for a number of years, treasurer of the Theatre Royal, Sydney, and well-known in the theatrical profession. He died on Tuesday night last, at his residence, Surry Hills. Fred Maccabe has been doing a tremen dous business at the School of Arts, during the week, under the management of F. E. Hiscocks. Dewhurst, at the " Queen's," has been producing the " Merchant of Venice," "Katherine and Petruchlo," and " Still Waters Run Deep," to moderate business during the week. The Dwarf and Giant Combination left Newcastle, for Sydney, by the City of Brisbane (s.), on Wednesday night last, and opened in George.street on Thurs day. Williamson and his wife (Miss Maggie Moore) are still at Adelaide. Cole's Circus was, at latest dates, ap. pearing at San Francisco. A number of novelties have been added to the show, in the shape of troupes of Bedouin Arabian athletes, South Sea savages, or Maori war dancers, and a wild snow-white Buffalo. "Frou.Frou," a comedy-drama, is all the rage in London at present. The piece is being produced at the Globe Theatre, under the direction of Miss Hilda Hilton. Sara Bernhardt was accorded a brilliant reception on the occasion of her visit to Dublin. Bandmann, supported by J. F. Cath eart, J. Musgrave, and Miss Louise Beaudet, has been playing " Othello," " Naroisse," "Lady of Lyons," and "' Macbeth," at the Theatre Royal, Hobart, to moderate houses. Bland Holt, with his drama "The World," is still doing a good " biz." at the Royal, Melbourne. James Carden, and his wife Miss Marston Leigh, have been producing "The Wife's Secret," and "Withered Leaves," at the Bijou, Melbourne, during the week. Wybert Reeve has been drawing crowded houses, at the Theatre Royal, Brisbane, with "George Geith," and " My Uncle's Will." " Diplomacy" was about to be put on the boards when the mail left. , Since my last, Peppei, with his Ghost, and other illusions, has been doing a good " biz." at the New Minories Hall, Brisbane. LEaTEs. 