A PROFESSIONAL CONSPIRATOR. Blanqui is to be buried to-day, and the ' Reds ' of the capital will according to French fashion, make a demonstration at his grave. Thn veteran revolutionist is certainly entitled to the final homage ef those who shared his life-long worship of anarchy.' He was three times sentenced to ' death, and passed half his life — thirty-seven years — in prison. He is also notable for tha fact that ou his release hung the lives of the hostages of 1871. At that timo he was a prisoner of State, and the leaders of the Commune offered to release the Archbishop and the rest if Blanqui wero restored to1 his friends within the walls. M. Thiers declined and the ( hos tages were executed. In this ; matter the irony of fate still attended him. He had been engaged in many conspiracies and revo lutions, and saw in 1830 and 1848 the success of the insurrections he had shared. But the. Governments that succeeded were as obnoxious to him as the regime he had helped to upset, and he recommenced conspiracy at oiioei In 1870, a few weeks before Sedan, ho failed to overthrow the Empire, then tottering to its fall; on the 31st of October he was nearly successful in pulling down the Government of National Defence. When, however,1 in 1871, Paris was in the hands of the only men with whom ho might be supposed to sympa thise as thorough revolutionists, he was a pri soner to the Government at Versailles. Had M. Thiers been politic the release of tho old conspirator might have thrown into the enemy's camp a living representative of the apple of discord. No man ever found Blanqui a practical colleague ; a reBtleas egotism made him a perpetual seceder, and there are even darkor suspicions tkat at one period he be trayed Barbesto .the Government of Louis Phillippe. Yet he never lost his power over the Parisian democracy. In later years he was only the ghost of his old self, but when his white hair and beard were recognised on a platform the people were touched by that thrill of emotion which characterises a Freu'ch crowd. ' Strangei^sound it was when the pale shadow spake. For there was striving in its piteous tonguo ' to utter the old tones, but without effect. Nevertheless the vast crowds hushed themselves, that they might haply catch something that camo'liko a faint echo of bygone years of cohiipifacy . and; revolts The halo of the prison cell— for with .'rpvolu-. tionieta it confers' a kind of sanctity— accom panied the martyr, and tho people reraembored thattih their oause, as they phrased it, :theojdi worn man had endurod the sufferings and sojjtude of prison for half hiB life. — Daily | Telegraph, January 5, It is . impossible to associate 'the name oft Blanqui with any programmo or with any proposal oxcopt the simple destruction of ex isting society. He appeared to be the incar nation of the sentiment of hate against nil social, mornl, and intellectual superiority, which is tho most disastrous of the many, disastrous legacies that the French revolution has bequeathed to contomporary Franco. IIo was not a Royalist, for he was against the ancient Monarchy. Ho was not an Orleanist for ho was against tho Royalty of Louis Phillipe. He was not an Imperialist, for he was against tho Government of Napoleon III. He was not a Republican, for he was the un tiring enemy of the Ropublic in all its fornn and- under all 'its variations, whether personi fied by ThierB, ? M'Mahon, or Gambetta. He was probably -igainnt tha Commune, for bis shortlived journal, bearing the cumbrous but characteristic title of ' Neithor God nor. Master,' denied tho legitimacy of every form of constituted authority, however popunr lor however democratic. He would probably have doclared himself the enemy of anarchy itself, if anarchy could over become an esta blished system. The Blanqui party, for tho hopeless'old fanatic had actually a party, now speak of hailing Clumenceau as his rightful successor. With our knowledge of the cir cumspect Clumenceau's practical character, we may be fairly confident that the willing ness of tliut citizen to accept the inheritance of the troublesome departed will depend very much on the numbers who may be persuaded to dignily tho funeral honours of the Apostle of Anarchy this afternoon.— Morning Post, January. 5., : -Thb funeral of M. Blanqui, as a demonstra tion, was n comparative failure, both as rer. gards numbers and displny. Thore was no stoppage in the streets, and access to the cemetery of Pere la Chaise could be obtained without difficulty. The public seemed to be attracted rather by curosity than by political sympathy, and as soon as the hearse had passed they quietly dispersed. All the trade societies of Paris , were represented in the possession. There was ,.a strong, forco of police in tho cemetery, but they did not inter fere with tho demonstration which ended with ; some speeches over the grave. 