PjOET AUGUSTA. £From our own Correspondent.J .Tn.niis.rv 19. 1881. Since the beginning of the new year we have been blessed -with some real.Australian summer days and nights—days that would make one wish himself out of the world-if he were sure - of a better climate hereafter; " but there's the rub," so we have to grin and bear it. Sunday, the 9th inst., will long be remembered as one of the most dusty days ever experienced in this dusty township. It j was so bad that person outside would require to wear spectacles to see it (that's a pun). Monday was a little better, and on Tuesday we had a nice change with a few slight showers, but it seems strange that not i withstanding rain having fallen thick and fast (in eome parts too fast to be pleasant) both north and south of here during the past fortnight, yet we hare only had a few showers. Hot weather has again succeeded the rain, and seems likely to . continue. There is a fair quantity of wheat coming in, but still it is far short of previous years I a n informed. Those farmers who hare been fortunate enough to get any this year, seem to be holding back in hopes that the market will go up to a reasonable price. In many cases further up the crops have been a total failure. One man, I was informed by an old Kapun daite, put in a thousand acres and never got a bag off the whole of it, while many others only averaged two to four bushels per acre. I am glad to be able to say they are not all so poor as that, as I have heard of some averaging sixteen and eighteen bushels per acre; but as the boy said when he ate the stolen fruit, "I wish there was more of them." Last week we were favored with a visit from Professor Pepper, of whom everybody had heard and read, but few had seen. This gentle man gave five of his highly instructive and amusing entertainments in the Institute hall. On the opening night the room was crowded to excess by a very representative audience, all anxiously awaiting the appearance of the famous Pepper's Ghost. As the entertainments were substantially the same as those delivered In SZapunda, it will iiot be necessary to describe them. It sufficient to say they were all well attended. This morning a man and bis. wife," (both of them Germans, entirely ignorant of the English language), went out on the beach for a walk. The man while enjoying a bathe accidentally got out into Jdeep water. His wife seeing him in danger, rushed in and endeavored to save him but was unable to do so. .The man shouted " good-bye" and disappeared within a few yards of his wife. The poor woman sank down in despair on the bank, and there remained until a passing boat picked her up and brought her tor ihe jetty. Her sorrowful tale was soon madi known, and an active search for the body at once com menced, but as yet unsuccessfully. 