MR. TENNYSON'S NEW PLAY. From the London Daily Telegraph of Jan. 4. In order to be thoroughly sympathetic with the spirit of Mr. Tennyson's new tragedy " The Cup," which last night was the occasion of so much interest and enthu siasm at the Lyceum Theatre, it is neces sary to throw our minds back to the third century before Christ, and to become familiar with that strange country called Galatia, in Asia Minor, originally peopled by the invading Gauls. This done we may happily revive old recollections of its people, half Greeks, half Gauls; of its tetrarchies, its tributary king sained as a reward for conquest in the Mithridatic war, and espe cially Us worship of that Asiatic divinity found established by the Greeks in lonia, and known as the "Ephesian Artemis." Starting with this bant of informa tion, we may be enabled to contem plate with something like familiarity the Poet Laureate's heroine Camma, with her Intoxicating mixture of love and ven geaxce, the hero Svaorix with his weird passion and resistiess destiny, the bold Galatian Sinnatus, hunter and husband, the strange mysterious glamour that hangs over the worship of Artemis, and shall have our understandings tuned to the study of the acting of Mr. Henry Irving and the inimi table pkiuresquaaess of Miss Ellen Terry. Imagine, then, the city of Galatia among the wooded hills, and a scene set before the Temple of Artemis, with its snow-bordered distance, its grape wreaths and myrtle groves, its luxurious disorder and matchless color—a very triumph of scene painting— at a time when Camma is enjoying the wedded love of Sinnatus her hunter husband, and the handsome and licentious Synorix, half-epy, half-lover, has come to woo tke woman on whom his unholy gaze baa fallen, and to present her with a priceless cup saved from the burning wreck of an Artemisian temple. All eyes are turned upon this Synorix as the curtain has risen on the picture, and he stalks up the flower-covered rocks concealing beneath his vestments the fatal marriage cup. He bears an evil character enough; no woman is safe from bis allurements; he is, accord ing to his own description, "aGreek, my lord; you know that we Galatians are both Greek and Gaul;" he has heard ia Borne that the tributary crown may fall to him, and to himself he whispers that "he shall serve Galatia taking it, and save her from herself, and be to Some more grate ful than a Itoman." Bat far before the love of tributary crowns and tetouchies he places the love of Camma, the fair wife of Sinnatus, on whose matchless beauty he muses before the Temple of *rtAtm^ 7 Vine, cypress, poplar, myrtle, bowering in The city when ana dwells. Bne passed me Throe yean ago, when I was flying from My tewarchy to Bsaae. I alma* touched bar, Amaideaslowly moving on to anaac AaMMbermaateaatofidatemple. Ogods! She ia «ny late, else wherefore has my fate Brought meafaia. to her own eitsrf Married— Since married Smaatas, the tetnroh hero. Bat if ae be coawauator Roma will •ham Oraktyhh?. I may trust to gain her then When I •hall havaaay totcarohy matarwd Tie fin* step towards this winning is the presentation of tin marriage cup, sacred to Artemiw, which is .despatched .to Camma bv a secret ■Wronger before the passionate Synorix introduces himself by a feigne name to the happy household of.the athletic banter Sinnataa. Tnare can be no question how Oamma loves her husband, for, taking np her lyre in the twilight hour, she singd ia one of the LAuraate's matchless lyrics of her hunger for his rotoon froaa the chase— Mean en theieldaad the foam, ataa oaths waste aad the wold, ■boa bring him borne, bring him home Safe from Iks dark mi ltae coM. Hone, sweet moon, bring him home. Hern with the flock and tke fold. Safe from the wolf And so the lave song la interrupted by the rough but honest husband with a warm embrace, arguing ill for the success of Synorix. But the treacherous ex-tetrarch is no chamber lover. He too can hunt, and glories in the chase, for he says, eyeing all the while, with dark fierce glances, his un suspicious host— My good Lord Slanatus, I once waa at the huaMag of a lion. Boused by the nisi—r of the chase, he woke. Oame to the front of the wood—Ms monarch mane Bristled about hit auk* eats. He stood there Staring apon the banter. AseorooCdogs Gnawed at bis ankles. A> the last htlatt Tbe trouble of hU feet, pat forth one paw. Slew few aad knew it nc«; aad so renamed Staring npoa the hunter. Aad this Borne Will crash you If you wracUewith her. The Laureate, as he paints for us in bold and striking colors tao nature of this proud and imperious Camma, whose hive is to be sacrificed and fate sealed by the will of Synorix, has soon an opportunity for one of those patriotic outbursts which are fere shadowed in the opening stanzas of "Maud." into the mouth of Gamma, mother and wife, he puts one of these stir ring war-cries, charged with cynicism and contempt for those who would "put down war," whether as a "cause or a conse quence." With the voice of inspiration, Cam ma speaks: Sfar,lbad«aoc A boy who died a babe; bat were he living, And giown to man, aad Biaaatas willed it, I Wtuld sat him in the front rank of the fight With scarce a pang. Sir. if a State submit At once, she may bo blotted out a* once. And swallowed ia tat coaqneror's chronicle; ■W I ore a., la wars of fresana and dafaaae. The glory cai grtof of battle won or lost, Soldtit a race together. Tea, though tney fail, The uaies of these who foaaht and fell an like A bs?ked-up fire, that flashes oat again From century to century, and at last May lead them on to victory—l hope so—• Like phantoms of the gods." It is alone by stratagem that Synorix can win "Camma the stately! Csmma the great-hearted V She is a woman be could "live and die for," sad yet be muses, MWhat! die for a woman? What new sew faith is this F lam not sick, not mad, not aid enough to dote oa one alone! Yes; mad for her! So mad, I fear some strange asd evil chance is coming on me, for by the gods I seem strange to myself!" the fears of Camma, warns her of her husband's danger, tells her her how her lord is marked down as the instant prey of cruel Borne, and urges the guiltless wife to meet him by the Temple of Artemis alone, there to encounter Antonius, A fnhamador from Borne, in whose hands is her hus band's fate. tShe accept! the invitation, but she comes armed with a dagger. It had been a sweet and pathetic parting with the husband she was doomed to sever from for ever. She who had been described in this beautiful simile— The lark icat takes the sunlight on hia wing: But sou, twin- sister of the morning star, Forotemd the sun had some strange fears when she, looking upon the- fading landscape rich with glow of tummer time, recalled her early and her unchanged love JTor Sinnatus — Hcisgoaeafaaady: O. look—job grove upon the awnntew, white In taa sweet umod, as with a lovelier sac w: But what a blotch of bUeknaM -f '«'—it-if 1-' fJuetua, you remember-yea you ssost, 9nat there throe years ago the vast riae-bowers Baa te the suanait of the trees, and aropt Tank- streamers earthward, which a broeae of May Took ever and anon and opened oat Tke purple aone of hill and heaven—there You told your ktv«; and, like the swaying viuea. Tea, with our eyes, oar hearts, oar prophc* hopes. Let in the happy distance, and (bat all But cloudless hetven which we have foun together In our three married years. Ton kissed me than For the first time. Binnato*, kiss aw know! The dreaded meeting is a tragic one. Sy" xwrix, whose passionate accents have un" aheathed the danger of Camma, and whose love-burden has been overheard by Sinnatus, the husband, is branded as a seducer, and taunted with the opprobrious word "adul terous dog." The wily Synorix forthwith with one snatch disarms the woman, then suddenly slays her husband, who has pounced upon him from behind. Comma flies for refuge to the Temple of Artemis, and ere the doors have closed upon her the murderer Synorix soliloquises with cool and cruel emphasis over the dead body of his hated rival: Adulterous dog! that rad-faoed cage at me;' Then with oae quick, chert stab—eternal peace 80 ends afl purioas. Then what use in par To warm the cold bounds of our dying life, Aaa.lcst we freeeein mortal apathy, Employ ns.be** ns,qiriekse us, help us, keep us From seeing all too near that urn, those ashes Which all mart be. Well used thcycerre us well. I beard a saying in flgypt that ambition Is like the sea wan, which, the man yea drink The more you thirst. Tea! drink too much, as Have done on rafts of wreck, it drives you mid! I will fee aw sash wreck, an ao each gamester As, having won the stake, go playing on Te double it or lon aIL The Roman Senate, For I have always played into their hands Means me the crown, and Oamma for my bride. The people lore her—if I win her love They, too, will cleave to me, as one with her. There, then, I rest, Bocae's tributary King. Bhe hath escaped me. He saved ay life-it seemed so. Did he? Dead. Why did I strike him? Having proof enough Agatest the man, I surely should have left Thia stroke to Borne. I have played the sodden fool. Tbat, too, sets her against me for the moment. Oaaaaa! Well, wen, I never found the womma I could not force or wheedle to my will. She win be glad at last to wear my crown, And I will make Galatia prosperous, too, Aad we wSlckirp among our vines, and smile At bygone thugs, till that eternal pease. So ends the flat act; and the audience is astonished at the magnififff>nce of the pro duction, and not yet quick enough to master the beauty of the verse. Mind and eve have been tussling for the master/, and the eye has conquered in the end. It has been a feast for one sense. Another visit must proclaim the power of the Laureate. When the second act opens in the interior of the Temple of Artemis, half a year is supposed to have elapsed. And what a temple it is, apparently a solid reproduction of one of the accurate pictures of Alma Tadema. The altar fire burns oa a tripod on the centre stage, the columns are of creamy marble with figures in relief that look Uke ivory, the sacred penetralia of Artemis are hidden by a, eurtain, incense perfumes the air, and lovely groups of women are ranged under the countless columns. Beautiful as is this interior in the half-light, its gknj has yet to be ful filled. Honors nave been rained on the head of Synorix, his ambition has been satisfied with the tributary crown granted him by Some, and now he wants but one thing—-the hand of Camma, high priestess of the rites of Artemis. He would bid her "clasp the hand, red with the sacred blood of Sinnatus,'' and he dispatches messengers to the Temple where the vengeance-brood ing woman, exquisite in her grace, and robed in drapery seemingly spun from gos samer, waits the decree of fate. This is her answer as the shouts proclaim the ad vent of her crowned lord and king— "Synorix! Bynorix !-w they cried Sinsatus Not ao long sine*-they sicken nte. Thefeshia&taw; watt** of the moraine star HangM at mMday-thelr traitor of thedawn, 1 be elamour-d darling of the afternoon; Aad tbetsamehead they would have played at hall with, And hick'd it featoroleei-they now would •town.* Tell him then is om shadow ameog the shadows. One ghost of all the ghorta-as yet so new, So strange, among thaws snotiaa alien there, So much of husband ia it still, Oat if The shout of Synorix aad Oamma sitting Upon one throne should reach it,tt would rise He—he—with that rod star between the ribs And ?9 fain Uiero, and hiast the king and me And aU the orowdwM horror. I dare not, sir. Throne him—and then the marriage—ay, and tell him That I accept tbe diadem of Oelacia. Tea, tbat you ate me crown myself withal, And wait him, bis crowned Qoeen! The end is approaching, with the libations poured in honor of Artemis, and, amidst music and flowers and processions faultless in color and ia tone, with dreamy lights and altar-fires and incense, with all this majesty of color and of classic pomp, making the dull mind live in «?y*l?i?r age, we hear intoned, with strophe and anti strophe of rfmnting chorus, the double appeal by Camma and Synorix, containing as it does the most impassioned poetry in the play. r— -~ *~? 3 Stjnhux. Othou that dost inspire the germ with life. The ehild, a thread within the house of birth. Aim give fatal limbs, HMD air, and send him forth The glory of his father time whnsc U 1 will Is balmy wiad to robe our bilk with grata, And kindle all our vales with myrtle blossom, Aad roll taw golden oceans of our grain. And sway the tonggcanebnohst of our vine*, Aad fill all hearts with fatness and the lust Of plenty—make aw happy in my marriage. Onuses Artemis, Artemis! hear him, lonian Artemis! To which Camma replies in these pro phetic lines: — 0 then that alayest the babe within the womb, Or ia the being bom, and after alajest him Aa boy or man— great soedcaa, whose storm vowe Uosockets the strong oak, aad nan his root Key and his head, and straws our fruits, and lays Our golden grain, and runs to sea, aad makes it roam over ail the fleeted wealth of kings, And peoples—hear! Who bringeat plague and fever, whose quktknath Smites the anemorial pillar to the don Wbocanses the safe earth to shake and gape, And gulf and flatten in bar closing chasms Doomed eitiea-hesx! Whose lava torrents blast and blacken a pro. vinae To a cinder—bear! Whose water cataracts find a realm and leave it A «aste of rock and ram-hear! loallthee To—kemy ■arriajeprosper «omy wish. Artemis! Artemis! Mr her, sfrhwian Artemll But Camma has drugged the marriage cup with deadly p**"?^, ytj 5t *■ drsincd libation has been made to the goddess, at whose altar stand the priestess and the tributary king. The «v«?M^«<m of the play is singularly line, magnificent from a scenic point of view in every detail, acted from first to last in the true spirit of the poem, and charged to the brim with the almost extinguished fire of tragic poetry. Oamma. Thou hast drunk deep enough to make me happy. Dcst thou not fed the love I bear to tbee Glow through thy veins ? BTVOSIX. The love I bear to thee Glows through my veins siace first I looked on tbee. Bat wherefore slur the perfect ceremony ? The Sovereign of Galatfa wads hie Queen. Let all be done to the fullest, ia the eight Of all the Gods. (He staggers ; This pain. What is it again ? 1 bad a touch of this last year in Borne. Yes, jes; your arm. I red beneath the weight Of utter joy-this ail too happy day— Crown, Q aM ?,atonee. ATmarwul ft will pass. O,alljeGods! Jupiter! Jupiter! Oamma. Dost thou cry out span the gods of Borne That art Galatian born? Our Artemis Has vanquished their Diana. Stvobix. lam poisoned. Let her not fly. Camma. ■ave I not drunk of the same cap with thee ? BnroKix. Ay, by the gods! She. too; she, too! Murderous mad woman. I pray you, lift me. And make me walk awhile! I have heard these poisons May be walked down. My feet an toas of lead. They win break in the earth. I am abfculg. Let aw atone. Too late. Thought myself wise— A woman's dupe. Antonius, toll the Senate I have been most true to Re— would have besntroer Te her—if—if - Ilioa art coming my way, too, Camma; Good night! GaICKA. Sum way? Crawl, worm, crawl down thine own dark hole To the lowest helL My lord Antonio*. X meant tbee to have fallowed—better thus U we must go beneath the yoke of Bone. Have I the crown on? I will go To meet him crowned! crowned victor of my will Ob my last voyage; bat the wind low failed; Growing «•*, too, bat light enoagh to row. Bow to the Bleated hies! the BUaaedlalai! Then league on league of •ver- shining duns, BeneathaneTer-riuagaun. I see him. Why eomei he not to meet me? it b the erawa Offends him, and my hands ace too sleepy To lift it off. * " Gamma! Gamma! Sinnatus! Sinnatas! And bo the curtain falls upon a doable death, and a magnificent picture. [It would require an extremely well balanced nature and a singularly unex citable disposition to parcel off into three distinct divisions at one sitting the litera ture, the decoration, and the acting of this very remarkable production. If ever there was a play that from its intrinsic merits demanded a second, if not a third visit, it is "The Cop." At present the landscape of Mr. W. TeUnn and the decorative splen dor of Mr. Hawea Craven's temple of Artemis absorb all attention. We seem to see before us the concentrated essence of soch fascinating art as that of Sir Frederick Leighton and Mr. Alma Tadema in a breathing and tangible form. Not only do the grapes grow before as, and the myrtles blossom, the snow mountains change from silver-white at day time to roseate hues at dawn ; not only are the Pagan ceremonies enacted before us with a reality and a fidelity that almost baffle description, but in the midst of all this scenic allurement glide the classical draperies and sea-green robes of Miss Ellen Terry, who is the exact representative of the period she enacts, while following her we find the eager glances of the fate haunted Mr. Irving. The pictures that dwell on the memory are countless, and not to be effaced in spell or witchery by any of the most vaunted productions of tie stage, even in an era devoted to archaeology. We see as we travel back through this enchant ing vista the first meeting of Synorix and Gamma—he with -his long red hair and haunting eyes, Ids weird, pale face and swathes of leopard skins—she with her gmee of movemenV unmatched in our time, clad m a drapery, Beaweed tinted, with com plexion as clear as in one of Sir Frederick Leighton's olawrfcal studies, and with every pose studied but stillnatuxaL We remember Gamma as she reclined on the low couch with her harp, moaning about her husband's late coming, and can recall the hungry eyes of Sjnorix as he drank in the magic ef her presence. All was good hen—the tender ness of the woman, the wicked eagerness of bet lover, the Quick impulsive energy of the husband. Difficult as it was to study any thing of the acting when so much ha! to be seen, still it was felt that Mr. Irving, Mr. Terries, and Miss Ellen Terry had well opeiied the tragedy long before the first curtain feU. There were time and oppor tunity at any rate to comprehend the subtlety of Mr. Irving'e expression in that, long soliloquy— how well it was broken up, i and how face accorded with action when: Sinnatus laydead and the frightened Camma hadfledto the sanctuary of the temple. With the first act but little fault could possibly be' found. The fastidious amongst the audience . that complained of dulnesa and want of action possibly forgot that whilst their eyes were feasting on the scenery their ears were closed to the poetry, and on another visit will confess how much rn«*niwo; and study were at the first blush lost to them. With the aid of the text the beauties hidden for the moment will reappear. As for the second act, with its groupings, its grace, its centre figures and surroundings, its hymns to Artemis, its chants and processions, we are inclined to doubt if die stage h— ever given to educated tastes so tare a treat. In old days such pictures might have been caviare to the general public, but the public at the Lyceum is one of culture and a very high order of intelli gence. Such poems are necessarily for the fastidious and the elegant in mind and scholarship; but granted the right of the stage to demand such poetic studies it would be impossible for modern scenic art to give them store splendor and complete ness. Esthetic tastes have had their necessary ridicule and banter, for every thing that id affected is hateful to the ordinary English nature; but here in this temple of Arttmtia l when Miss Ellen Terry, veiled as the Galatian priestess, stands by the incense-bearing tripod, and Mr. Henry Irving, robed in the scarlet of Rome's tributary long, comes to demand hk anxiously-expected bride, there is an aiming at the beautiful and thorough most credit able in itself and distinctly worthy of re rL Everything tinseUy and merely trical disappeared from the stage before us; it was strange but still it was real: there was net one tawdry or incomplete moment in the play, and scarcely a whisper could be heard as the subtle poison, workmg through the veins of the crowned Synorix, I gave Mr. Irving an opportunity for & power fully studied death, or when the sight o the dead lover made of Camma's last wai of hatred a poem in action. So strange an 1 novel was the whole story, so differen from all the stage has given and all the tra ditions of the theatre, so utterly unorthodox: and unconventional, that there may possibly go up a cry to Mr. Irving to curtail the dramatic poem, to shorten end condense. I will be eaid that when Synorix is dead the last cry of Camma is too long; it will be urged that Alias Ellen Terry is unlike Ristori,aad does not approach the story from the same standpoint. Of course she does not, her nature and her art are entirely different, but still the general complaint, if indeed there is any, will be for compression and more action. But action i§ impossible, as the play has been written, and compression would be fatal to the many beauties of the tragedy, both in conception and execution. All difficulties will disappear when the audiences are in a measure familiar with the text, for it is as difficult to grasp such a subject and such treatment at a glance as to stand before an Academy picture and absorb it entirely and satisfactorily at one visit. When the time comes for reviewing with calmness the many excellent features to be found in theartof Mr. Irving and Miss Teiry as applied to this difficult subject, there will be many a good word to be spoken of Mr. W. Terries, whose rough manner, bluff utterance, but most distiuct delivery contrasted well with the more abstract beauties of the surrounding acting. For the present it will be enough to endorse the public verdict on the skill of Mr. W. Telfatn, Mr. Hawes Craven, and Mr. W. Cuthbert, and to congratulate Mr. Irvine both on hie spirit in producing such a poem and his courageous determination in deco rating it with such costliness and splendor. Good money is often enough wasted on the stage, but hem it is applied to the work of a man of genius, and will materially aid in leading the public to admire what is true and beautiful. To tell of the roses and flowers that fell at the feet of Miss Terry, who made her reappearance after a long absence, would be as superfluous as to recount the calls with which Mr. Irving was favored or the cheers that awaited that successful manager and firm favorite. All this followed as a matter of course, and equally as a matter of necessity a speech was demanded, in which Mr. Irving promised to telegraph to Mr. Tennyson, congratulated himself on producing such a play under his manage meat, and strongly hinted that it would t not be the last if the public willed it so. The play was presented to a most distin guished audience—one of the richest in 1 literature, art, Bcience, and politics that has ever been seen at the Lyceum; and in one of the stage boxes sat the Prime Minister with Mrs. Gladstone and other members of the family. 