LITERATURE. THE HEAD OF MEDUSA.* The author who writes under the name of " George Fleming," and who is said to be a young American* lady, has not attained in the present story the leva! reached by the two former oneB—A Nile Hovel and Mirage— from the same hand. It indeed shows the same grace of workmanship, bat the work has not the same completeness nor the same value. It would seem that the author under-. took to tell a story without having a story to telL The manner is nice and pretty, but the matter is weak and poor. Moreover, the noyte is deficient in originality, and is constantly suggesting other authors. There are in it descriptions of Roman life and Italian rural life that bring to mind, although with a sense of inferiority, some of the best descriptive work of " Ouida." But " Ouida " writes of Italy and Italian life like an Italian, while "George Fleming" only writes of it like a well-instructed tourist Then there is something in the introspective habit of the personages, and in their finished and polite style of! conversation, that recalls the work of Mr. Henry James, although thiB is brighter, keener, with a sharper, finer polish, and a truer temper and better edge. At times, again, we get passages suggesting reminiscences of " George Elliot," but only as an unrealised aspiration. " George Fleming's" mark is a high one, but in the present case it is not reached. The work has some excellence of quality, but it wants de finifjnua of purpose, and distinctness of out line. . The scene is laid in Rome; and here, again, the challenges comparison with much workinrecent novels. The constantly passing and renewing artistic and social colony of English-speaking people at Rome, indeed, receives greater notice from modern novelists than it is perhaps entitled to. But novelists are not insensible to the advantages of a good background, and when the Bcene is laid in Rome it is not difficult, if the narrative now and then slightly flags, to help matters along hy the aid of aesthetics. The life we get in this story is the life of the small circle of English residents, with its narrow range of talk heightened, but not enlivened,. by outbursts of the familiar rapture about art, and archaeology, and the ancient Romans. The story is one of sentiment It floats,on vaguely in a golden mist of emo tional feeling. and you tee not always certain what all the feeling is about Barbara Floyd is a high-souled girl of noble impulses, and lofty but dim aspirations. She is largely animated by that "desire of the moth for the star" which ambitious American girls cure supposed to bring with them in great quan tity when making a visit to Europe. She declines from her high-soaring flights of sentimental ideality to the lower level, of a rather ebowy and somewhat shady ex-officer of Papal Zouaves, Count Lalll She does not love him, bat is in some way epell- bound by his piptureequeness and romantic style, and ultimately marries him against the judg ment of her friends, and indeed against her own. The match does not £ura out a good one, but it certainly is not so bad as her friends think, or as shfe herself thinks. It is by no means the bitter martyrdom nobly borne which* some of her admiring friends believe it. to. be, and, indeed, there is a good deal,of subdued agony worked up about a small matter. ;To say that because sbe did not succeed so well in her marriage,aB she had hoped^'Vshe was as one who has looked for Bome.ineffaceable instant upon the head of the Medusa, who has seen and touched the darker possibilities of life— to whom for ever after the spring fields and. the untroubled laugh'of children fchall come fraught With a sense 6f passionate signifi cance arid loss," is really to state the case in exaggerated terms.-■ The-"position when Barbara. IB. married, is a very complex one, audi the author has succeeded in weaving tike rather slight! threads into a web of very intricate patterm P&rbars; does not love her husband, Count iislh, who is him* eelf in love with a handsome couain of his; Regina, who deeply loves'hi m; though she is herself married to somebody elsti. But the pure and honourable Barbara astonishes as and ber husband by confessing to him one day that she is in love all the time with a young fellow named Hardings, who is about to marry Octave, a young friend of hers. Then there is a rather elderly gentleman named Lexeter, who is 'in! a quiet, subdued, and highly platonic way in love with Barbara. And thus - everybody loves everybody else save the right person, but all in a soft," gentle, dreamy fashion. fbat conveys no sense of passion, and indeed very little of reality. And wbenr-ia- the-aeeount of Bar bara's mailed life, we readf1?" LaUiwas put what ebe hadimaginerlhimtobe. He had never been what she imagined him to be; the knowledge was a part offier daily being, but surely'float made only one more reason for striving :«dently to fill up all the blank' betweentfcteb with more 'and more'of self-, devoting faith," we feel that this is a mere re-echo from a soliloquy of Dorothea in Middletnarch, and our conviction of the. shadowy tmreality of the whole is very much - deepened. ■ And nowtoprove that, in spite of the weak ness^ the story, xmi praises of the literaiy style of the work are not undeserved, we take the fottdiringpesaage, giving a description of the Bom* Campegna, though even this in dicates thgt the author had read and not fori gattmwhat .Mr. Koakin wrote on the same . wubjert.^V:' ' "~ ttumithw drowrwpw*tt utter soli Phe meat city behind them sank lower rttoiftratey fbldiogi of the hills; this _ uome ofSt Petert glittered for an Z^ant in the eariy morning sunlight, and ftomm had faded away like some strange -Uw. rifhfrT silent.waUs. They were driving icw old battlefields, and the corn, esff teat "at Mefluai By George Iteming! •ate '' >' ' ' fident little daisies were lifting op a million fresh,round, dew-washed faceeto-the'tun.': They passed the burial-place of cities, whose very names strike thinly on the ear, like hollow wandering ghosts; bntit was only to hear the voice of unseen larks calling through the stillneM like the voice of the delicate footed spring, wakening with sweet insistence the melancholy plain." . Later on we get a view of a different part of the Campagna in a different Beason of the year " Everywhere her eye rested upon great rolling fields of grain. It was mid- August The afternoon sky was of a hard purplish bln& The trees were dark, and thick, and motionless. On the opposite hilL in the sunshine, the com was ablaze with scarlet poppies, and dusky patches of lupin, and rank-white daisies of the second growth. Under the willows the little stream ran low, half choked with the rank luxuriance of the water-flags. Nature was iu one of her practical housewifery phases; at this season she ceased to be a goddess. The sweet irresponsibility of spring, the glad riot ing of early summer, were alike for gotten ; a healthy, steady, unbroken in tention of growth, and abundance, and re pletion was expressed by all the country side. The woods about the house were the only trees for miles around. There was no village in Bight, only one field of ripening grain following another." Bnt a novel is a narrative, It is asa narra tive that it iB to stand or falL And in the present case the narrative element of the work is very weak indeed, and the weakness gives to the whole the character of failure. 