The Forcer's Fate. CHAPTER XIX. ' Slowly, slowly, slowly, the day« buc ceeded each other,' and that week to Melanie Egmont seemed a month. Sir Eaymond sat in his arm-chair, and heard the ' Times' read to him in the morn ing ; it was his daughter's duty ; he would hare suffered, no one e'se to do it, and Melanie had to endure nearly every day the society of Everard EfEngham. She went tc one or two balls, and to the opera; she was still the b«:ie — admired, envied, courted, nattered; buc Btill, when she gained the solitude of her own room, she would sink down, too sick at heart, too worn-out with dread, terrible suspense, to even weep, until per haps Eose, stealing gently in, bent down and clasped her arms around her, and then, touched by the tender, eilent sympathy, th« unfortunate girl Bobbed convulsive - y. That awful dread ! She never entered a ball room, she never went to an opera, or rode out in the bright sunny Park, but she expected that the first persons she heard talking would be speaking of St. Bar's reoent capture, or ? how he had been heard of, and would inevitably soon be taken. Often and often Eose Arbaleate wondered that j her health did not give way ; but Melanie's was ' one of those exquisitely tempered constitutions ! that, like perfectly-made steel, spring and re bound from the heaviest shocks — that may be bent, but never broken.' - * I wish/ said Rose one beautiful' morning, aa she watched her young. mietresB rids away on ?horseback with Kverard Effingham, ' that that man Camberoni would come again ; it's a week to-day since he came, I told him a few weeks ; I hope he'll understand thab to be two... I should like to question him again. Ah ! ' talk of an angel' — I be neve that is he.* A figure at a little distance, which she believed to be that of the Parmese, occasioned thia last re mark, and Rose waited at the door, watching him, ana winging wnetner, 11 it was ne, sue snouia signal him, or let him pass. ' I will take my chance/ she finally decided. * Ah ! it is he. I thought I recognised him. Gome here, monsieur,' she added, apostrophising him sotto voce, ' come here. I want to speak to you.' The Italian was nearly opposite th» door, and a1 most as if he had heard the words he lifted his head, and seeing her, paused with a half smile, Rose nodded, and Camberoni ascended the ste s. 1 You have come in a week instead of a few -weeks,' she added, as he stopped and touched his hat. ^^-' \ . ' Yes,' said be; * but,* he added, with a slight, embarrassment of manner which made her wonder, ' it is not to sell images. There is no one there?' he asked, with a gesture of his hand to the hall behind her. 'No,' replied the girl, in profound astonishment, and marvelling what business it could be of hia whether there was any one in the hall or not, 'Why?' ' See/ said the Italian, putting a letter into her hand, and smiling involuntarily at the puzzled, manner in which her eyes went from the envelope, -which was without any writing or address, to his face — as if seeking there the solution of the mystery. ' What does it mean ?' she said at length ; * it is some mistake.1 . . . ' No, it is ail right/ said the Italian. * Your name is Rose Arbaleste?' ' Ah !' said the girl, as the truth flashed across her, .and her face flushed and grew pale in a breath; 'yes, that is my name, but who told it you?' . : The Italian looked at her covertly a moment before he replied, ' The map who told me to give yon that letter.'. He saw how the hand that held the' packet trembled. ? . ' I should have come,' he explained, as she re mained silent, ' when you to d me, only the man told me to come in a week to give that to you.' ' Thank you ; you did quite right,1 she said, but her heart was beatin,; ao that she conld hardly speak collectedly, and she had not — how should sha have ? — Meiaine's self-control. Camberoni saw it well enough, and turned to go, merely saying, ' Adieu ! and am I to come next week ?-' ' Yes, certainly. Adieu !' Bhe replied. * Au revoir !' was the answer ; and the. yonng man descended the steps again and entered the Pa*k,-*rhiW Rose turned back -into thg hbiisei aoi ?waited impatiently for her youfcg mistress's re turn. It was nearly five o'clock when Melanie came back, and wentstraight to her dressing-room where Hose sat ; she rose directly and came forward. 'Mademoiselle/ she said, * I have a letter for you.' ' Melanie, who had paused by the dressing table, did not look up, but asked, listlessly, ' From whom, Rose ? It cannot have come by the post ?' ' l\o, mademoiselle/ she replied. * Angelo Cam beroni, the image-seller, brought it/ * Cambsroni 1' said Melanie. ' Rose, do not jest with me. Ah,' she said, suddenly, 'tell me, Rose, give it me/ Rose drew forth the letter, and gave it to her, simply repeating what Angelo had told her, and then turned and left the ream. Calmly Melanie Egmont opened the letter, and the wel- -known handwriting Jay before her; the epist-e was short, and none would have thought tbat it came from a man who had been parted for three years from one who loved as St. Bar loved this girl — parted from her under cuch dark and terrible circumstances ; but St. Bar was one of those men who, when they feel deeply, write little, and so this letter was only a few lines 'written in Italian. It ran thus : — ' Through these years, Melanie, I have sought the means of communicating with you, and have never till now been enabled to do so. The man by whom I send this, Angelo Camberoni, of Par ma , I can trust. I ku--w no other means of send ing you a letter. Hare no fear that my trust is misplaced, for I have not forgotten that 1 was once a diplomatist, aud not easily deceived. I am at present safe, for how long I cannot tell, and I have a lodging at No. — ? Street, Hatton Garden; in the same house where this Parmese lodges. I have told you where I am, Melanie, be cause I see tbat I have been mistaken, and for that may Heaven forgive me. I sought to keep away from you, a felon and a wanderer as I waj. I had promised not to bind you ; but a month ago I saw you by chance, and your face told to me its own ta'e. ' I saw that you suffered through the 'very means by which I tried to spare you suffer ing ; and Heaven knows that I wonld give years of life to look on your face again. If you come, come at night; the neighbourhood is poor, but even at nignt it is respectable and^oiet. tfJe' closely disguised, and do notcome alone. Ask for Andriani Cimaresa. Farewell, my child. God be ;with von.' Melanie sat down, covering her face with her ihands, and bending her. head down on the table, .and for some time, for bow long she never knew, all seemed profoundly eti-l around her. Then she :rose very quietly, and went to the door. Rose came from the ante-room, anticipating the summons. ' Hose/ said Melanie. closing the dressing-room door before she spoke, ' this letter is from Max St. Bar. I must go and see him to-night/ * Mademoiselle !' exclaimed Eose. ' I must. Rose/ said Melaaie. ' He hai told me where he lives. Listen ! To-night I will receive a hurried message from a friend who is dying— my ?ather does not know half my friends, and any name v/ill do; you, returning from a message, can meet the messenger. I will not wait for a carriage, but hurry away with you. We are de ceived, and we must deceive in turn.' ?. 'Certainly, mademoiselle/ said Rose. 'Mr. Effingham deserves neither faith nor open deal ing. He has got women to cope with, and he will find them too much for him !* With these words Rose turned, and once more left the room, thinking that Melanie would rather be alone now. CHAPTER XX. It waa a dark night, with % fitful moon shining ?navr and then when the clouds ported and gave her space to appear^ and one of those gleams might have for a moment shown two female figure* dressed entirely in black, who turned the comer of a street in Hatton Garden. It was a very quiet street, evidently respectable though poor, inhabited, as they conld see, mostly by foreigners. ?- Lodj; used to apprehension end anxiety, and to -? -- , -. ^ _- ? , ? ._.. . ? r—^-^ -? j Bee always the darkf side 'of things, it was not wholly wuhout that most painful feeling that Melanie -knocked at Ho.—, which was a poor lodg ing-house. Ths door was opened after a few mo ments by a swarthy Italian womam, with a pair of immense earrings, who,, lifting the candle she carried, tried to descry the face of her visitor be fore she asked, civilly enough, what she wanted. * I have come to see a mvn who lodges here — Andriani Cimareaa,' replied Melanie, in Italian. Something in tin voice, the air of the speaker, dimly as she could see her fijure, her face being closely veiled, made the swarthy woman pause and stare hard at her, and then say. in a tone T-f astonishment,. 'There are none but poor people here, signora. He is only an image-seller/ ? * I know it/ said Me'anie, quietly, slipping into the woman's hand a crown-piece. * He knows me. It is quite right.' ? Perhaps the crown-piece- helped. the;twoma.n's understanding; at any rate, she said,' 'Thank yon/ and admitted the applicant, while Hose turned back towards Hatton Warden. . Melanin followed her guide -up a narrow stair way, and as the woman paused, with her hand on the handle of a low door, she touched her and whiBpered, ' Leave me. I will go in alone/ ' Very well, aignOra,* said the woman, and she went down stairs. . Melanie stood there in the darkness* and silence, hearing the beating of her own heart; she leaned against the wad, feeling for a few moments almost suffocated ; - but recovering herself with a power ful effort, she knocked softly at the low door of the room. There was a moment's pause* and then a gentle voice said, ' Enter/ How w.e!l Melaaie knew that voice! Though the last three years had Baddened its tone, it was the same voice, and again she paused, fearing to obey the permission ; to whom given, the speaker litt e.gusssed. Yet she noiselessly opened the door and stood within a miserable chamber almost bare of furniture, on the Boktnxy table of which a ?ingle lamp w&s; burning, while the pal* moon light lbofced thiongh the uncovered window, and lit up the groups of statuettes which gleamed tike ghosts in the ghastly light;, and there their owner Bat, careless of all, his form' drooping, his head bowed down in his bands ; not looking up, not moving, even at the sound of the door open ing — perhaps he hardiy heard it;, but a peasant's dress, the surroundings 01 poverty, could not hido his identity to her. How her heart beat as she noiselessly threw back the disguising veii and stole breathlessly nearer: He did not move ; Bhe made a step more trembling — scarce daring to breathe; but he saw her not, heard her not, and remained motionless ; a step nearer yet, and now her hand was pressed tightly to her heart, and her breath came quick and short. ... ; '.'?: *Maxf she almost whispered, and. her voice was like a voice in a dream, ' Max !.' The wanderer sprang up, and in an instant she was at his feet, her dark eyes Jifted to his, elo quent with the great love that had lived through years, hoping and trusting j and now that she had come to Mm, now tuat she knelt at his feet, he remembered only that she. was his love, ' the darling of his manhood;' and he clasped her to Mb breast — the past for one -moment a blank ; the present, this child, his soul and the light of his eyesi----- ? ; . The moonlight ehone in jpa;e and wan, and lit op the bowed form of the man the kneeling girl at hiB feet, aud -the raven hair and the burnisned locks that mingled together. ? Max/ she at length whispered very softly, 'look up* - Be lifted his face... Oh, how. changed from the face she had known ! yet even more beautiful in its profound and sombre melancholy. How earnestly her. dark eyes gazed on that counten ance! how tenderly her small* hand swept 'back the waving masses of - hair from his brow ! and then she laid' her head on his heart, and said touchingly, ' Oh, Max, you are changed indeed to all eyes but mine/ ' God bless you !' were the wanderer's faltering words, but in the effort to speak he broke down, and bowing his head, wept such tears as the darkest moment of -his life had never been able to call forth. The. woman's spirit rose strong and serene in the man's hour of weakness. Melanie sought by ! no word to soothe where soothing would have been a mockery ; she only clung to him more closely, and clasping her in his arms, he felt that Heaven had «enx Mm a guardian angel to Ms side; and so the weakness paaaed away, and he lifted his face ?OtftMPttore' * ? '? ' * Melanie/ he said, at length, ' I could pnly re member till tbie moment that I held you once more in my arms ; . that I saw you once more be fore the grave — and yet I have striven for two years that this should never come to pass. * And why did you, Max ?' said the girl, passion ately ; ' why did you never, gave once, let me know that you lived ?' ' Heaven forgive me, Melanie ; but I was an outcast, a felon/ he replied. ' Did I not tell you that I would never seek to bind you ?' ' Max, I cannot reproach you, said Melanie ; 'but I have sought you secretly always; I have found yon no w. 1 will tell you how when we meet again. We have only a few moments/ She laid her head on Ms breast again like a weary child, and seemed to feel perfect peace and rest in his great love. - And in the silence, a dis tant church-bell boomed through the air, and told that midnight had fal en on the city. Melanie started and looked up : the wanderer dared not Bpeak first the words, that were to part them. * Max/ said Melanie, tremulously, * we mnst part now. When and how can we meet again?* * It were better, Melanie, that — that ? ' But his voice faltered, for, looking ou her face, how could he bear the thought that he ought to see it no more ?' ' Max/ she said, twining her slender fiugures among his wiuh a clinging nervousness, ' Heaven knows how yoa have suffered ; we must meet again soon. How can I send a letter to yoa ?' ' How indeed, Melanie f said he. * Where is there even a moments' 6 safety ?' .' It is so difficult to meet,' eaid Melanie; * you are so marked that you cannot escape notice : that life — thia dress — ;all mark you to much. Listen, meet meto-morrowatnoonon Highgate Hill. And now I dare not remain longer/ — ' Melanie/ he said, ' you are not alone ?' 'No. I am with Rose/ she replied ; * there is nc danger/ ? - ' It is dark now, eiid Max, ' and you are well disguised. Me acie, I will go with yon through the city streets. Do not say nay for though I am a felon and a stranger in my own land, 1 am still a man/ .--Melanie understood all- the bitterness of 'his; words, and could' not refuse his request; and so he went with her into the streets, quiet now for London. . At the -corner of .the street -in Hatton - Garden Rose came up; she said nothing' but walked in eUence by her mistres^s side. -There was no word spoken till they reached the corner, of Park Lane, and there, in the shadow, St. Bar paused, and said, in a low voice and in Italian, * Melanie, we must part now. Good night/ ' Her ear cculd detect the suppressed emotion in his voice as he uttered those simple word, and she answered him only by touching her lips to the hand that clasped hers, and turned away. Rose was turning, too, hut she stopped suddenly, and said, softly and earnestly, c Good, night, monsieur. God keep you/ He made one step forward, and took both her hands m his own. * I trust He will Robo/ was all he said, and she understood why he had not noticed her before. The wanderer went back alone to the city ; but now one flower had lifted its head in the storm — one ray of light had silvered the dark horizon. To be Continued. 