THE THEATRES, Etc. By " Adagio." On Saturday evening the first - of the new series of concerts headed by the great artist, August Wilhelmj, was given at the Town- hall before a large and representative audience. The present series of concerts differ from those which inaugurated Herr Wilhelmj's arrival in this city, in that he has, in addition to the support of Miss Marie Conron and Mr. Max Vogrich, the assistance of a considerable body of ladies and -gentle men as a chorus, and a singularly efficient orchestra, some thirty in number. That a great executive musician like Herr Wilhelmj should be desirous of producing the works of tne greatest masters is oniy natural, auu u, i» quite certain that, so far as the united powers of himself, and his able and talented lieutenant, Mr. Max Vogrich, will allow, we may look for powerful representations ; but they are dependent to a certain extent upon others when they venture into the field of concerted music, and it must be confessed that the material in their hands, although sufficiently plastic and capable of being moulded until commensurate effects are ob tained, has not yet received the amount of treatment essential, if a great artistic success be the end desired. These remarks, it may be said here, are chiefly applicable to the selections wbiph were given, for the first time publicly in this country, from " Der Fliegende Hollander," of Wagner, the num bers comprising the symphonic introduction to the storm chorus " Ho-Yo- He," the chorus itself, and the spinning chorus, with the lovely solos set for Seuta, the Norwegian captain's daughter, which are so dexterously weaved into it. From the orchestra, under the masterful baton of Mr. Vogrich, the audience was treated to a display of tone- colour in the storm music which was abso lutely surprising, when the small body of per formers is considered. The ho wling of the wind, the angry swish of the waves, the whistling of the cordage, the rattling of blocks, and the uproar, were conveyed to the senses with a graphic power of delineation, almost overpoweringly impressive. It was a story told in sound, with a weird grim realism, which went straight to the -mind, and left no donbt of its meaning nor of the snblime genius of its author. The choruses, however, not only showed a want of pre cision, a vital requisite in the delivery of Wagner's broken music, but a lack of force and unity. The soprani were shrill, the alti without balance, and the tenors and basses on good terms with themselves, but not with each other. Of course, all the defects could be remedied by adequate re hearsal, and as a matter of comparison M. Vogrich, who had been little more than a week at drilling, accomplished a Titanic labour in doing so much, bat the faalts were many, and detracted „from the wonderful beauty of Herr Wilhelmj's violin solos, and the graceful rendering of the " Allegro " by Miss Marie Conron, whose success was the more emphatic as she did not surmount the difficulties of the " Prayer " from Tann- hauser, which she sang with an orchestral accompaniment in the first portion, of the concert. With the performance of the Grand Concerto of Max Bruch, which, next to the great one of Mendelssohn's, takes leading rank on the ooncert platforms of Europe and America, everyone was satisfied. It is a work which offers full opportunity for the display of the solo instrument, and of this circumstance Herr Wilhelmj did not fail to take ample advan tage. Parti., a flowing andante, is beauti fully written for all the instruments but special attention is given to the strings, WHICH, Bi tne uuibu, create quite a lauj-uog situation with subdued melodies. The second movement is a quicker one, but the results are equally captivating, s subject in march tempo following the opening producing an enchanting effect, and one which, as it brings the concerto to a finish, leaves behind it the regret that it is not a much lengthier com position. ' At the conclusion Herr Wilhelmj was recalled with enthusiasm, and made to play si solo, Hie air from the Bach suite on the G string forming the maestro1 s selection. A paraphrase on a song from Wagner's " Meistersinger " was his introductory nam- bet in (he second part, and, great as he is, this work shows him at his greatest. Th$ fulneeB of tone and majeBtic expression he produced were marvellously grand. Again the applause was long and enthusiastic, and again was the artist compelled to re-appear. He then played the " Ave Maria" of Schu bert, with a depth and fervour which went straight to the hearts of the audience. In place of the grand concerto of Weber, which had not been sufficiently rehearsed by the orchestra, M. Vogrich gave two piano- forte solos — a nocturne of Chopin's, and the ttqwcwU Etude, known as the " Bird Study," the latter a familiar subjeot of M. Yogrioh's. He also earned the honour of an encore , and in response he played Schubert's " Erl King." His interpretation was quite equal to his previous ones, save that the Brins- rntad grand he used displayed the more deli cate phrases, but to some extent did not show such power of tone as the instrument Used at the previous concerts. A very fine rendering of the overture from Beethoven's " Egmont" opened the programme. The second concert was given on Tuesday evening, and the third will be given to-night. Mr. D. H. Harkins made his appearance at the Thedtre Boyal on Saturday night as Richard TH., afcd, as might have been ex pected after his scholarly rendition of Hamlet, achieved a very legitimate success. Melo dramatic rant was avoided, and Mr. Harkins's words and gestures throughout were easy and natural as well as forcible. From the nyirder of Henry to the final scene at Bos- worth, every point was carefully made by the aotor, and readily appreciated by the audience. The speech commencing — See how my sword weeps for the poor King's death- Oh, may snch purple tears be always shed From those who wish the downfall of onr house I If any spark of life be yet remaining, Down, down to hell; and say — I sent thee thither I — was given1 with a remorseless malignity which oould scarcely have been exceeded ; white the description which follows of Bichard's. de formity, and of his purposes, might be ac cepted as the keynote of Mr. Harkins's con- ception of the character. In the comn scene with Lady Anne, the wooing of that incon stant lady was accomplished with such sufficient skill as to rob the scene of those attributes which cause it to be regarded as an impossible one, and the words — Waa ever womap in this humour wooed ? Was ever womati in this humour won ? might have been spoken by a demon exulting over the canning which has snared a victim. Perhaps the most effective scene was the tent scene before (he battle. Some actors in this scene literally tear passion to tatters, but there oould be no cavilling at Mr. Harkins's delivery of the words : — Give me another horse — bind up my wounds. Have mercy, Jean 1 Soft, I did but dream. O, coward, conscience, how dost thon afflict me ! The picture of abjeot terror, without a thought of remorse, was admirably presented. Thn actor received the honour of a recall at the end of each act, and the curtain fell amidst the heartiest applauss. Mr. Harkins was fairly supported, Miss Alice Deorwyn playing Lady Anne, Miss Flora Anstead Qaeen Elizabeth, and Miss Docy Mainwaring the Duchess of York. Mr. Appieton as the Duke of Buckingham, Mr. Douglas as Bichmond, Mr. Oily Deering as Stanley, and Mr. Metcalfe as Batcliffe, may be complimented upon their several renditions. The piece was admirably dressed, the costumes having been expressly brought out by Mr. Harkins. On Thursday and Friday Mr. Harkins appeared most successfully as "Othello." To-night (Saturday) " Virginius " will be performed. At the Opera-house, "Narcisse," supple mented with " The Bonnie Fishwife" and " A Badical Cure," forms a varied and de cidedly excellent programme. . Of Herr Band- mann's Narcisse I have already written at length. It forms the central figure .around which all the other leading characters gyrate with more or less brilliancy. In contrast with the vigorous, supple, and powerful delineation of Herr Bandmann, all the lesser constellations, save Miss Beaudet, shine with a diminished lustre. This latter, however, is more thoroughly an actress than any dramatic lady we have had here for many years. There is a charm and grace, and an utter abandonment of self most satisfying to the onlooker in all that Miss Beaudet does. Her accent is deliriously clear, and her French is — well, it is French, and not English — a rare mercy for which we cannot be too thankful, when we remember the atrocious liberties hot too often taken with the liquid syllables of modern France, and, indeed, of modern English, too, for that matter. During the week Herr Bandmann has appeared in Tom Taylor's drama, "Dead or Alive," and to night he will make his appearance as " Hamlet," supported by Mr. Fairolough as the Ghost. Herr Bandmann has snatched hisshort season of a month between the going of Mr. Williamson's and the coming of Mr. Mosgrove'8 companies, and the mounting and accessories are all so complete that we cannot refrain from expressing entire approval of Herr Bandmann's enterprise, for which he ought to be adequately rewarded. He will finish his season on Friday, 28th instant, and , Mr. Musgrove's people will re- appear on the following evening (Saturday, 29tb). I under stand " La Fille du Tambour Major " will be given during the first week, and that pro bably " Madame Favart " will follow. Mr. Fred. Marshall will open tbe Princess's Theatre at the end of the current month. The Bijou boards are still monopolised by the Juvenile Tambour Major Company, which is now admirably perfect in all the details of the work. The ensembles are positive examples of grouping and colouring. The performances at St. George's-hall, by Professor Anderson, attract excellent houses, and the various feats, some of which are new and exceedingly clever, are warmly applauded. Mond&V; nest will terminate the Prnfoacni-'n present season in Melbourne. The ordinary meeting of the Musical Association of Victoria was held at Glen's rooms on Saturday evening. Herr Golden- stedt was elected a member, and Messrs. Grainger, Fox, Yanoker, and Ford, associates. At the conclusion of the usual business, the following programme was performed : — Song, "Adelaide" (Beethoven), Mr. F. Lineker; pianoforte solo, " Fantasie Impromptu" (Chopin), Miss Lunam ; songs, " Die Neugierige" and " Die Poet" (Schubert), Miss Beoher; pianoforte solo, by W. S. Bennett, Miss Lunam ; trio in B flat, for pianoforte, violin, and violoncello (Beethoven), Herr Goldenstedt and Messrs. Curtis and A. Montague. There was an excellent attendance at the Temperance Society's people's concert in the Temperance-hail, Russell street, last Saturday evening, the programme bring of a very varied and attractive character. Among the best items were the bass songs of Mr. E. Amery, the comic songs of Mr. Harry Allnutt, the harp solos of Mr. L. Thomas, the character songs and sketches of Mr. George Bromley, the ballads of Miss Laughton, and the songs and dances of Mr. B. W. Daly, all of which were well received and heartily encored. Miss Dwight presided at the piano, and Mr. A. M'Neilage oocupied the chair. « 