MAIL NEWS. Old Country Notes. [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] London, 26th August. THOUGH it is too soon perhaps to give way to absolute despair, the outlook for the farmers is black as it can be. Up to the third week in July it was taken for granted that the harvest, even if it were not brilliantly plentiful, would make amends for the ruinous years of the last lustre. But since then a dismal change has come, and should the rain now soddening the whole country continue another week there will be no more room for hope. The blazing hot days over which people made such a fuss it is now shown were followed by such cold nights that the average temperature was all through below the common average. The Archbishop of Canterbury has ordered a special prayer for fine weather to be offered on Sunday in the churches. It may be too late. The misfortunes of the British agriculturist would seem verily to have no end. The years 1868 and 1870 were golden for the grain grower, but there has been no really good season since. The rain of recent years was bad, but this dry season has been bad also by reason of extreme temperatures cul- minating in persistent wet during the very crucial weeks of the farmer's year. Some corn, as I stated in a previous com- munication was harvested while the sun shone, but not much, and in the important dis- tricts where agriculture is the breath of the peoples life, the corn is either uncut, standing in stock, or lying untied on the ground sprouting and rotting. The barleys are bleached, and three-fourths fourths of the total wheat crop of the kingdom are deteriorated, and may in a few days be de- stroyed. Prices are rising of course, and there will be no need at present for the "fair trade " advocates to insist upon a duty on imported corn. The outlook is all the more serious because a failure in 1881 would be the straw that would break the back of many farmers who have held on to the last. Virtually the session is over, but it will be a mistake to speak of it, as some of our wits are doing, as a Single Bill Session. The Irish Land Bill has naturally been a sort of Aaron's rod in its monopolising powers, but there has been some other good work done. I think we are all- even you in Queensland- tired of that Land Bill. It is now done with for good or evil. The Lords, by their action, quietly put aside the fiery speech of Lord Salisbury, and came half-way to meet the Government. A crisis was thus averted, but not before some significant things were said and written of the House of Lords as a national institution. Not in heat and passion, but in side references and calm argument, it was made plain that if ever the Lords come between the wind and the nobility of the Commons a crusade for their abolition will be undertaken in all sober determination. That is one lesson to be learned from the passage of the Irish Land Bill. Another is that an English Land Bill must come as a corollary. It may not be a successful attempt, but no one can resist the conviction that it is high up on the Orders of the Future. Amongst the minit measures passed without attracting much public attention is the Nevis papers (Law of Libel) Bill. The Lords had threatened it Lord Redest! he was to move its selection But to morrow the bill will be an Act. It is a much needed measure of relief to the newspapers. The proprietor or editor will be no longer responsible for libels uttered by public speakers, and fairly reported in the ordinary way. Public meetings will now be as much under the plea of privilege as Parliaments and law courts. Again, the facilities for in- stituting criminal prosecutions against persons responsible for the publication of news- papers are swept out with a clean-sweep- ing besom. Hence forth no such prosecution can be commenced without the written flat of the Director of Public Prosecutions. Vexatious and malicious actions, both of revenge or a desire to acquire loot, may therefore be reckoned amongst the nuisances of the past. Sir Hardinge Giffard and a fussy attorney named Warton, in the House of Commons, raised, or made believe to raise, an alarm-the respectable old alarm-that the Con- stitution would be in danger. What is done is simply to put a Grand Jury between litigants, leaving the main features of the law of libel pre- cisely where they were. There is a hitch just now over the appoint- ment of a Dean of Westminster, and there is a rumour, not unlikely to have some foundation, that it arises from a difference of opinion between Mr. Gladstone and the Queen. The Bishop of Manchester (Dr. Fraser), who was understood to have expressed a wish to be relieved of his episcopal charge at the expiration of a certain time, was offered and refused the post. Since the worthy Bishop expressed that wish he has taken to himself a wife, and that may have had something to do with his change of opinion. A dozen other names have been mentioned, and the numerous society journals-that fear not God neither regard man-make merry over the assumption that the fat deanery goes-a-begging. It will be a pity if the result of this hitch should be the appointment of a nobody- When the Standard begins to assist in the venti- lation of a charge of oppression against the Church of England as by law established,one may be par- doned for supposing that it deserves attention. Church rites have gone by the board. The Burials Act has removed another tyranny. And now the attack is made upon the tithe system. A reconsideration of the Tithes Commutation Act is demanded. The bit of reform yielded by that measure is found insufficient, and the farmers are saying that the time has come when tithes should not be a fixed charge upon the land, recoverable by distress, and recoverable whether a farm is a vacant or not. A correspon- dent in yesterday's Standard puts the case in a nutshell. " An Imperial tax," he says, "for the maintenance of a clergy may be a national obli- gation; a tenth of the land, or of its produce, by the incidence of that tax on an industry and produce and on the producer, is at once a class grievance and a national evil." It is pointed out that while, in these hard times, landlords abate 10, 15, and 20 per cent from rents, not a blessed tithe owner has ever been known to abate a farthing, nay, nor give time for payment. The wet harvest is bringing this questions upper- most. A remarkable scene in Kent last week also keeps it there. There exists an im- post termed an extraordinary Tithe, levied upon hops, fruit, and vegetables, for the support of the established clergy. When a man cultivates his land for these products he is subjected to this tax, which varies from ten to thirty shillings an acre. A Select Committee has been inquiring into the question during the session, but it only recommends a commutation, or scheme of redemption. The men of Kent have long groaned under the burden, and last week a village Hampden arose, who resisted the demand. The clergyman distrained, and the farmer, who is fighting for the principle, adver- tised the auction in the papers, and desired the public to come and see how this novel method of propagating the Gospel was enforced. It cer- tainly was a sorry spectacle for these latter days, and the farmers-brothers named Bath-could not have done better than invite the public to let a little daylight into the transaction. These gentlemen paid the parson £17 odd in April for the ordinary tithe. The amount now distrained for was £22. The clergyman's auctioneer sold a hayrick, in presence of a disgusted crowd, for £34, and of course the property was at once bought in for the owners by sympathisers. Sin- gular to say, the auctioneer's bill leaves a balance of 13s. 9d. only to be returned to Messrs. Bath. Mr. M'Cormack, the Secretary-General of the International Medical Congress, has been knighted, nominally for his able management of that gathering, but equally because he made himself very agreeable to the Prince of Wales. He undoubtedly deserved the honour, but others have deserved honours without getting them. Still, no one will grudge this handsome surgeon his title. Sir W. Jenner has been put in an awkward fix by the same congress. It has been publicly stated that that eminent baronet, at a preliminary committee meeting, declared that if women doctors were allowed to take part in the work of the congress he would induce the Queen to withdraw her patronage. If her Majesty does not haul Sir William over the heated coals of displeasure for this, there is no faith to be put in human nature. The statement may be false ; but for a week the public has waited for a contra- diction, and there is none. Do not imagine that because Father Ignatius seems to have dropped out of recollection he is either dead or sleeping. He is still the ruling Abbot of Llanthony Abbey, and next week there is to be a celebration of apparitions of the Virgin and The Host, which he says have appeared there. To obtain admission you must produce a certifi- cate of a godly life from your minister, and take the sacrament fasting. A splendid shrine of " Our Lady of Llanthony, life size, glorious with jewels, and mounted on a high altar, is to be used for the first time at mass. A procession of pilgrims will perambulate the Abbot's Meadow to a holy bush where the Virgin is said to have appeared. In one respect Ignatius will not imitate the jolly abbots of the olden time. He gives his pilgrims neither lusty trout nor savoury venison. On the contrary, he warns them to bring their own food. There is a nunnery at Shafton affiliated with this abbey, and several wealthy ladies have joined it. All this looks queer to the modern eye, but one cannot withhold from the head of the movement the admiration due to consistent loyalty to an idea, and a life of devotion to it. Mr. Grenville Murray, the dapper little gentle- man who was exiled some thirteen years ago for forfeiting certain recognisances rendered neces- sary by his conduct of the Queen's Messenger, has published a work called "Side Lights on English Society," which is but too correctly described as socially satirical. It is audaciously, if not scurrilously satirical, painting the English aristocracy and womenfolk in terrible colours. The great circulating libraries up to the present time have declined to accept it, and that under ordinary circumstances would ruin any publica- tion. But this book is so smartly written, so hotly spiced with scandal, and makes under thinly-veiled disguises so many revelations, that it will probably sell like wildfire. The reviewers evidendtly do not know what to do with it. So they do nothing- waiting, perhaps, for someone to take the lead. There seems to be some hitch in the arrange- ments for the proposed International Conference on the North Sea fishery question. The herring fishermen of the east coast, who have something like a million sterling of capital invested in the trade, and something like 15,000 persons em- ployed in it, have for years been suffering from many grevances, which can only be put right by a convention between England, France, Bel- guim, and Holland. The Belgians are the worst offenders, but there is not a very large pin to choose between any of the foreigners. The heaviest of their offences is the systematic tear- ing of nets by means of an infernal machine called the "devil. " I saw one at the Admiralty the other day, which had been left accidentally in the nets of a Lowestoft smack by the break- ing of the chain. It is a large grapnel, weighing quite a hundredweight, only the flukes (which are four in number) are sharpened to an edge, and cut like a scythe. The herring boats are stationary when on the fishing ground. The foreigners are travellers, and their game is to suspend the devil over the bows, and sail across the line of nets, cutting the warp, and carrying away sometimes £50 worth of netting. The rascals sail without lights, and sneak away without fear of detection. Another grievance is the presence in the North Sea of floating grog shops, " Dutch coopers" by name. They traffic in the sort of poison common in the bush, and exchange it for nets, sails, and other gear. A Royal Commission has recommended remedies, and a conference has been decided upon, but the Belgian Government hangs fire. Considering that the majority of the "devil" fanciers hail from Ostend, this is rather incom- prehensible. From the top of an omnibus yesterday I saw Mr. Morton Tavares and Mr. John Hurley in the Strand. I believe the former is trying for an engagement in one of the London theatres, and the latter is concerned with Burrum coal. It is a bad time for a good theatrical engagement, as it is the off season, and the autumn arrange- ments are already made. Novel writing must pay the fortunate author handsomely. William Black, a young man (com- paratively) still, has, within the last two years, been able to set up a fine house on the Brighton Parade, and a yachting lodge on his favourite Highland lochs. This season he has been able to fulfil the promise made in " White Wings," and possess a steam yacht, on board which he is now entertaining a number of friends. I re- member Mr. Black when he was a descriptive reporter for the Morning Star. Nobody grudges so good a follow his fortune. It is indeed, rare fortune for a man who, not twenty years ago, was taking his eight guineas a-week and thinking himself well off, to receive a cheque for 200 guineas for a holiday number of the Illustrated News. "A Beautiful Wretch," however, is worth the money. A more charming story was never written by him. The heroine, Nan, up to a cer- tain point, is suggested by his own daughter. The portrait of the author in the number is very bad, albeit Pettie, R. A , painted the original. Black is a slight, boyish-looking man, not 5ft. 6in. high, and he always wears spectacles. Comic opera paya, too. Gilbert and Sullivan have made a fortune out of their burlesques, and the beauty of this kind of composition is the steady and fabulous income that tumbles in when others use it. After all the excitement got up about it, it is strange that Hughenden Manor should be adver- tised for sale by auction. Some extremely un- kind things were said of the devoted brother because of the prompt manner in which he brought to the hammer the late earl's effects, including odds and ends which deceased people's relatives generally consider sacred. Then we have the Great Eastern advertised for sale. She has been a pecuniary dead weight from the first, but as a ship also cannot be considered a failure. Her work has been well done. What a chance there is here for a wholesale venture in the frozen meat line ! And thirdly, the Polytechnic Insti- tution is in the hands of the auctioneer. The memory of our youth, the cradle of Pepper's ghost, the home of science-made-easy, will soon be going, going , aye, and gone. The institution has outlived its mission; the young England of to-day wants something far more highly seasoned. We hear of runaway wives and horses, but not often of runaway trains. On Sunday evening a train of eight carriages, waiting at Sevenoaks for its engine, without apparent reason started for London. The incline is gentle at first, but the carriages got warm with their work, and ran at increasing speed through a lot of stations. Just in the nick of time the signalman at New Cross, apprised of the affair by telegram, shunted the train upon a side line, into Brick- layer's Arms goods station, through a wall and into a tannery across the road, where a considerable amount of miscellaneous damage was done. The most singular part of the acci- dent was that five children who had got into one of the carriages to play were taken to London, but received no hurt. The runaway train per- formed the fourteen miles in 17min. With the engine the time would have been much longer. Had it been any other day than Sunday the con- sequences must have been serious. What becomes of the newspapers lost between the Australian post offices and the English de- livery ? Assuming that the Brisbane Courier has been regularly posted-and goodness forbid that I should call your punctuality in question-in the last batch there were half missing. Where are the absentees ? This kind of complaint is made by everyone receiving papers from the colonies. The fact that the Austrian Band should find it necessary to break upon reaching Central Queensland is (says the Maryborough Chronicle), perhaps, a slur on our boasted liberality of patronage and refinement of musical taste. It may be; but still there is some consolation in the circumstance that several of these talented musicians have settled down in various parts of the colony, and that is good. Herr Heller, for- merly manager of the band, has thrown in his lot at Gympie, so has Kuhr, the horn-player. Kmocb, the leader, is established at Rockhamp- ton ; Tutachka, the sub-leader, at Bundaberg ; Patek, the talented' celloist, at Brisbane ; Zamek, the flautist, and another whose name we forget, at Maryborough, at which places we hope they may long live and prosper. 