BROADBRIM'S NEW YORK LETTERS. We can't all be pretty, yet most of ns might be a great deal better looking than wo are, nnd I don't know, as we have to live hero for a time, at least, that there is any special merit In making ourselves ns dlsagrceablo and ugly as possible. In wtnf iiuwl re lu» Ynrlrvillo fn thn nl fieri f imp. but which is now an integral portion of the great city of New York, lived Timothy Griffon, a tailor by trade, a bachelor by choice, and nn Irishman by birth. Timothy had two old maids for his neigh bours, wbo owned their own place, and if not rich, had at least enough to keep tho pot boiling. Timothy's bock fenco looked into the garden of these two old ladies, who, being rather re served in their manners, seemed to live only for each other, and manifested no desire whatever to make tho acquaintance of their neighbours. Mr. Griffon felt lonely, and frequently of an even ing, when lie wns taking his after supper smoke, it wns no unusual tbing for him to wander down to the end of bis own lot, and lcaniog on the fence, contcmplnlc the pretty garden of his nelghltoars on the ottier side. Occasionally he would surprise Miss Melinda Negley or Miss Feliciana Ncglcy training tho vines or watering thn marigolds and bachelors' buttons. His " good day" and ' ' fine weather" were thrown away on Mias Melinda nnd Miss Feliciana, for they nevor turned their heads, nor gavo him any more attention than if ho had been a wooden sign outside of a cigar store. Many n man enn hear being kicked with a good dcnl of equanimity, Men have liccn knocked down and liavo been known not to rcBent it ; but it is not in flesh nnd blood to stand being treated witli silent contempt. Timothy Griffon was flesh and blood, and Irish flesh and blood at tbut ; and when the blood of tho Oriffens was roused — whoop— look out I At first he contented himself with throwing stones at their favourite cat whenever alio took a noctur nal roost upon tho fenoo, and then, emboldened by immunity from puniHhmcnt, ho climbed over tbc fence one night, wrapped up in a sheet, and flat tening his nose agninsl thu window-pane, cried out " Boo-lioo I" Miss Felieiunn was just in the act of raising n cup of lea to her lips, when she caught sight of this horrible Irish apparition out in thu garden. She gavo a wild Borcatn, and falling back iu a faint, kicked over tho table, on which was a kcroreno lamp, which exploding, set fire to tho house, and it was witii extreme difficulty that Miss Melinda anil' Miss Felicinnnwcre retailed from the flames. To tho crcditof Mr. Griffon be it recorded, that when bo saw the mischief he had dono be did not ran awny, ns most people would have done under the circumstances ; bat with the gnliautry of a true Irishman, and quite unmindful of the personal risk, ho rushed Into tho burning house, seized Miss Felieiunn, who lay motionless on tho floor, and wrapping tho sheet around her with which ho played tho ghost, ho carried her out in his manly nrms. Miss Melinda followed Bcrcaming. The neighbours were aroused, the firo engines arrived ; bnt not before the firo hod gained eucli headway thnt the Negley homestead wns reduced to a heap of ashes. Mr. Griffun now lies in gaol, to await tha result of future investigation. Thu most Borious question which at present exereisoB the community is, whether to give him n gold medal 1 for saving Miss Feliciana's life, or send him to tbc Penitentiary for burning down tbo house. Tho jucuuuu is a uuucuit one to seme, nnu mo only way 1 can see out of it for Mr. Griffon, is to marry lioth Bisters, and thus destroy tho witnesses of his guilt. It !b a wondorful tiling to say that New York is full, " chock a block," but it is. You might pos sibly find stnndiug room in Central 1'nrk, or get a scat on the gross at Madison square ; but ns for rcspcctablo hotel accommodations, they are not to bo had for love or money ; and the extra rush can only be accounted for in tho following mnnnor : — A few years ago our people got crazy about having quiet homes in the country — fresh air, milk and eggs, trees and flowers, communion with nature, and all that sort of tbing. Country cottages went up like mushrooms, railroad cars went loadod with the seekers nftcr rural delights. But after a limo they found that tbo cows ran dry, and the hens wouldn't lay, railroad trains were delayed, and servants would not stay ; nnd finnlly, Bick nt heart with their rural experience, lliey como hnck to New York, perfectly satisfied with a French Flat and modern conveniences. Of course this means tho church, tho opera, the theatre, lectures, con certs, Buppers at Delmonico's or the Brunswick, hot nnd aold water on every floor, and your washing ilouo out. Besides our native population wo have a tre mendous lot of outsiders, though every year it gets more difficult to tell a New Yorker who has been nbrond from n foreigner. If it is a man ho gen erally comes bock with a regular " haw haw, God bless mo," sort of style, nnd as he usually gets ono of those nhominnblo straight- breasted coats before ho leaves London, and contrives to squeeze himself iuto n pair of pants about two sizes too small for him, this, with one of those miserable insignifi cant littlo hats, stuck on the sido of his bullet- bend, completes a costume which, for ridiculous absurdity, lins had no parallel on this Bide of tho water, unless it bo found in the wardrobe of his wife, bis BiBtor, or his aunt. What a charming thing I to appear like ihoso beautiful pictures thnt you seo in tho magazines; with the waist away up under tho arms, and tho skirts gntborcd in in multitudinous pleats be hind, like a salt sack, while thu looso flowing hair is surrounded by oiio of those lovely cottage bonnets which looks liko an invertad coal-scuttle ; and don't lot mo forget tho hnndkorchiof nbout tiio neck, bearing nil tho characteristics of tho prizo ring ; and, surmounting tho whole of lids extraordinary costume a bright crimson parasol, and you have a (out etuemlUt which would innko somo of our old Knickerbockers open their eyes if thoy could riso from their, graves nnd visit ub ngnin, But tho "woods are full of 'cm." You keep running against those Amcrioan Anglos every step you tnke, so that I frequently forget that I nm in New York, and think 1 nm transported to Botton llow or lire Champs Klysees, instead of my own nalivo land. This has lieen an exceedingly lively woek. Tho ball opened, ns you might Bay, on Monday, when wo discovered that tho celebration of tho previous Lord's day had been enllvoned by tho cutting nnd slashing of a round half-dozen of our Irish fcllow- citizons at a dinner up town. Two of litem arc expected to die, and a couple more, if thoy survive, will 1)0 disfigured for life. All day Monday tho city was a-hlazo of excitement on account of tho great llepublionn procession, which took placa Monday night. Tho interest of the procession centred in Gonernl Grant, who, with n number of distinguished visitors, reviewed it from a stand in Mndison Square. In point of numbers and beauty it exceeded anything of tho kind seen in Now York for years ; and notwithstanding the immense num- bors engaged In it, and tho brilliant display of fireworks, tho accidents wore insignificant, and the general good order maintained was as gratifyiug as it was remarkablo. Tho 1) anil-writing is on tho wall, unless some different method of signals is adopted from thoso now in usa on our olovntod roads, that tho day is not far oil when nn accident will ooour wliloh will shroud tho entire city in mourning, and before which the calamity on Toy Bridge will bo dwarfed. Wo have had a number of minor warn ings, but as tboy only cost one or two lives, thoy seem to have passed unheeded. But on Monday tho escape was so narrow, that the public must be awnko to tho joopurdy thoy incur. Owing to a heavy fog, a train was dolaycd a couplo of minutes, having dashed into n train abend of It. Another trnin was following, nnd dnshed into tho second, killing tho engineer, and soverely wounding the fireman. That tho .entire train was not dashed into ilia Btreet, and all tho passcngors killed, was. a miracle. If such an accident had ooourrod to ono of tho heavily loaded trainB in tho afternoon or evening, the loss of life would hnvo been frightful. We mny wnko up somo fine morning to find that rapid transit has boon very dearly purchased. Wo had soarecly time to oatch breath from tho procession of Monday hoforo tho elections of Ohio and Indiana 'were upon us, and on Tuesday night anxious thousands gathered around the bulletin boards in front pf tho Ucmocratio and llepublioan headquarters, and also at the offices of the prin- aipal newspapers, eager to get the earliest intelli gence from the soat of war, As the evening wore on tho wildest excitement prevailed. A littlo bit of good news from Ohio, and some enthusinstio llopubliaan roared out " Bully for Garfield," while tho figures that denoted a Democratic gain brought forth tremendous cheers for Hnnaoak. t is no use to talk stocks or trade, or anything elso, whilo this sort of thing is going, The town isomzy as a Loon, If a lady goes into a dry goods store, and the obliging olork asks her what sho wants, in her abstraction sho replies, " 1'lireo yards and a-half of Ohio," A gentleman goes into n saloon to got a smash or a CQoktall ; when tho bavkeepor asks him how he will have it, ho answers as if lost in thought, " I'll -tako a littlo Indiana in mine." A couple of weeks and tho agony will bo over, I' mco more I can sit myself down to solid Tha I work. Wo have the promiso of a brillinut |wl no V Tho opera will undoubtedly be tho finest naive Jojk liaB ever seen. Our ohureheB, too, are \- pjg (9 lot the devil huvo it all.his own way ; , .-iila man-will bayo.to keep his weather eye 'i < . ft-V A+\ 