TURF GOSSIP. By Auoub. With the wind blowing a strong gale from the north-west, and the thermometer below zero, the Flemington training-ground on Tuesday morning was not a pleasant spot to spend fonc or five hours. Arriving on the ground Boon after daylight, I was only just in time to see Morrison send Wellington and Lowlander strong work for a mile and a half on the outer track. Then Spite and the Lady Manners Sutton colt cantered steadily, and Venom and Don Quixote, after cantering once round, increased the pace and strode along nicely for over a mile. Venom is undoubtedly one of the finest homes at Flemington; but his curby hock may prevent his trainer giving him a thorough preparation. Don Quixote pro mises to become a very useful horse. The Czar went round once very slow, and bad another turn at a better pace, this good looking son of The Marquis moving in very good Btyle, but he is a deal above him self, and Morrison will have some difficulty in getting him ready for November, though as the descendants of The MarquiB almost invariably perform best when they are a bit above themselves, perhaps he can afford to have a little more flesh upon his bones than the generality of horses. A dreary interval of two hours elapsed before anything else put in an appearance, and then S. Mahon came down with his string, in which'I noticed a very racing-like filly named Lesbia, by Tjm Whiffler from Peerless, by The Marquis, and so well-bred a youngster should be able to race. She did steady work in company with a pony and a brown two-year-old filly by Net man from Belhari. They moved along a bit at the finish, and the action of the Eel hari filly was simply perfect, the Peerless filly also going in good form. The Belhari filly is nearly related to Camballo, as her sire, Netman, is a son of Fishhook by Fishermin, while Camballo is by Maribyrnong (son of Fisherman) from Belhari. Bushman, a grey, did some useful work; and then, after another interval, Her Majesty, who is a very nice filly, did Borne cantering and spurting with a pony. Canary, looking dry in his coat, cantered, and then Mr. F. Dakin, who has very wisely had most of his horses clipped, sent Billilla and a Proto-Martyr filly slow work, and Darebin, in bandages, did similar exercise with a bay. The Derby eolt seems to keep on improving the right way, for be is fining down, and should all go well with him up to the Derby day, he will strip one of the grandest colts ever seen at Flemington. Chifney has had several of his horses clipped, and with Canary, Bella drum, Mercury, and Soothsayer in the stable he ought to do good service for his employers during the forthcoming season. Belladrum and Soothsayer, both looking remarkably well, did nice striding work on the tan ; and Mercury, with bandages on, worked slowly on the outer track. President did some useful work, and the two Cup horses Respite and Zambesi followed suit. Warlock, after going once round, was joined by a young one, and the pace being increased, the pair strode home at a good pace. Cardsharper and The Ghost got through some serviceable exercise, ana I should take the latter to be a pretty fair animal. He iB a roan of fine size, and being by Tregeagle from Ada, no fault can be found with his breeding. Pilgrim did good work, Harp of Erin accompanying him for a short distance daring the latter portion of the journey. Mr. Crooke's team did but slow work. Nautilus was walking abont; and as many of the trainers and jockeys at Fleming ton regard him as the best Derby colt there, no doubt he has now and then shown a turn of speed. Jack Tar did a strong gallop, and the Lapidist and King Cole colts in A. Davis's stable cantered on the outer track. Intrepid did nice striding work, and the steeplechaser Abdallah, who is look ing better than I remember to have seen him, performed similar exercise. Pollio, Pluto's Brother, and another of Lang's, got through some useful exercise. Mr. Lang has a very fine colt in King of the Vale, by King of the Ring from Amethyst. A.B.C. and Blue Ribbon were tried once round the outer track, and after an interesting set-to, the colt appeared to have the best of it, the mile and three furlongs being run in about 2m. 38Ja. Alert, looking wonder fully well, did some nice work, and then Wizard and Maid of Honour were tried once round, the former having the best of it at the finish. Harmony shaped well in a spin with Harp of Erin and Safeguard, and 1 liked very much a yearling colt named Scipio, by ng of the Ring from Zenobta, who iL >i • . 'ery nicely in his Blow paces. Adven t . r, .vi^h bandages on, did slow work, and fie-, i-r/t, v- hers performed exercise not worth < M a-.on h»d the bad luck to lose Dictator < hm vr. 1 . The horse had been tamed out j ' and on being taken «p he ■eriitt '.rim stringhalt. While taking v Oii.:vr ti i'e-.i.ington, he sliced the caps I ijtnb h v..s, ani Mahon was compelled to Levi- tii.n sliv. I rJ Y om-tii. .'z i oi the Victorian Clab met I on Tv-sb-ia;. me purpose of settling several depute; ng 'jueaiions. The-Rhea case ! wat- zi; v<i:c:i:e i upon, «u>d it was decided that j those who Lad lacked her did not lose their ' money. as she vmh not a t <uter. . It will be j reuaom^red :)<at this case rose out of the ' non-slurting of l'La for a iceat the Warr ! nam boo' Arnatem Turf Meeting, when, after i L »ing mounted, she in taking i>er preliminary, oo'ied, and rr.n once toand-hefrteehe could t be stopped. 51<r owner, Mr. V,. Ross, was so diegaMed 'ha' he hronghtfcer back to the ! enclosure aud scratched her. The i towards ! took action in the matter, aud as the starter 1 declared that, he had never taken the \re in I charge of it y decided thai she not a ?\\.rter, and tht'Xnnm'Itee of the Victorian C b en dorsed this view. Tire dohniijrSmok "use j was aleodnvaaiigated. Hackers of thi. ; en.' ! at the JL'cnsingtonp&rk; meeting refi sen v i nay on ti c g» uno that the pon v. measured after tha race, and found to ■»3 V.' theetipalatx i i eight. The cou>aatte» ie."i :e t tL ' the bftcUtrN of Johnny Smoker l>ad iioi to i Then came the Prince Imperial Ch-st. \ the. v >>er of the ..oil contending tkafcss there wast. ' fiaafd, and' that as the hauiMC&pper; i had handicapped the colt as <\- two3car old, i be was iv titled to Lit wagers'. Sec<ra! pre- [ cedents p i-awd cc, were brought forward in 1 support or ''■* respective views of tip' parties to toe case, md altimatcly it was decided that thefurther In rtnp of it should bo postponed until Monday ■ »-£. I*nforiunatnly, precedent are bo' " ini*ed' that our betting tribunals find some dUBcu, - in deciding such* cases as the one under no - t*. lo Austral in have ' the Don Silva precedent, which was in favour of the backers of the horse disqualified under precisely similar circumstances as are at tached to the Prince Imperial case. In Eng land, however, there iB a precedent exactly the reverse, for Cannon Ball was entered at an age a year older than he really was, he was disqualified, and bets were given to the horse that came in second. English precedents, however, are not always consistent. For in stance, Claxton, who wsb the property of Lord St Vincent, was Bold to Mr. E. Parr without his engagements, and Lord St. Vincent scratched the horse for a race at Huntingdon ; but Mr. Parr believing that he had bought the horse with his engagements, Btarted him and won. Afterwards the horse was disqualified, and the stakes awarded to the second horse, and as no objection was made before the race, the committee of TatterBall's and Admiral Rous decided that the backers of Claxton won their money. An exactly similar case occurred at the Lothians Racing Club meeting in 1876, when Stam fordham won the Lothians Handicap, but as he had been scratched some days previous to the race an objection was lodged, and he was disqualified. Tattersall's committee, with Lord Calthorpe in the chair, decided that bets should go to Owton, who came in second, and that the backers of Stamfordham had not to pay. Again, in the Queen's Plate, at Leicester, in October, 1877, Shillelagh came in firBt, but as he was a gelding, he was not qualified to run. A protest was entered, and he. as well as Hippias and RoBBini, who were geldings also, were disqualified. Laure, who Btarted first favour ite, was awarded the stakes. Then came the question of bets. According to the Btrict letter of the law, the backers of Laure had won their money, but Tattersall's committee, presided over by Lord Calthorpe, did not carry out the law. They decided that all bets on the race Bhould be off ; and, no donbt, they came to the conclusion in a spirit of equity, for the bookmakers in laying 5 to 2 against the favourite Lanre, had done so because they bad laid short odds against Shillelagh, RoBsini, &c.;, and as the backers of these would not have to pay, it would not have been justice to call upon the bookmakers to pay the bets laid against Laure. My own opinion is that a thorough revision of the rules of betting and racing is absolutely necessary. The par ticular rule relating to caBes like that of Prince Imperial might be altered so as to provide that in the event of no objection being made before a race, the bets should go to the horse that came in first, if he carried the proper weight, and no fraud was intended, and also that if the horse lost, the backers would have to pay. For it is rather hard upon bookmakers to have to pay on one horse, which haB been heavily backed, and not receive on another. There are, it is said, unprincipled men who have run and won with ponies not qualified for certain races, but as they won and got the bets, nothing was said. Had tbey lost, I suppose there would have been an objection raised by some friend, and the pony not being qualified, bets would have been declared off. It is to meet such cases as these also that a revision in the rules of betting is necessary. Mr. Wall informB me that the Wyndham Racing Club will hold another meeting on the 6th of August. Owners of horses are reminded that entries for the meeting which takes place at Ken sington on Saturday next close at Mr. Cox's office, Kirk's Bazaar, at 5 p.m. on Monday next, the 4th of July. The events in the pro gramme are Handicap Hurdle Race, Gallo way Handicap, Selling Race, Steeplechase, Flat Race, Pony Trot, and Handicap Trot, more than enough for a winter afternoon at Kensington-park. At the same time and place entries will be received for the Kensing ton Cup of 100 sovs., and Park Handicap of 50 sovs., to be ran at the October meeting. The former iB a five-furlong race for two years old and upwards, and no doubt it will attract a very large entry. The Park Handi cap is for galloways, and it is to be hoped that we Bhall have no more of the unseemly disputes that have so often taken place over these events. The Adelaide Observer states the S.A.J.C. complimentary meeting was spoilt by the wretched weather that prevailed. The princes did not stop long, as they had to pay a visit the football ground, but while they were present Martin Burke received a severe fall in the Hurdle Race. Burke had several ribs broken, and had to be carried to the hos pital The princes very generously started a subscription with a donation ot £d. vuring the day £1,684 passed through the totalisator, the dividends for each pound invested being as follow :—Hurdle Race, £27 15s.; Princes Handicap, £8 10s.; Amateur Steeplechase, £3 12s.; Waterloo Handicap, £7 12s. The machine got but of order again, and if the S.A.J.C. studies its own interests it will introduce a simple machine like that used at the old course. For refusing to allow Mr. P. Glenister to ride as an amateur the stewards of the S.A.J.C. came in for a deal of un> favourable criticism, and I think they de served it, for Mr. Glenister haa been allowed to ride as an amateur on the principal courses of Victoria and New South Wales. The Adelaide Racing Club Meeting on Accession Day.waB attended by about 2,300 persons, and passed oil successfully. The amount that went through the totalisator was £2,659, the following being the dividends -.—Hurdle Race, £5 5s.; Accession Handicap, £213s.; Steeple chase, £2 9s.; Flying Handicap, £3; Selling Race, £8 18s. Mr. Fred. Fox, who was pretty well known in racing circleB as a bookmaker, and as the owner of the hurdleracer Dutchman, is dead. By the San Francisco mail steamer Mr. J. J. Miller was a passenger. He was accom panied by his trotting stallion Contractor, and it is Baid that he has brought a brood mare with him also. An American telegram states that Mr. Lorillard won £400,000 in bets on Iroquois, who won the English Derby... Probably " dollars " would be nearer the mark. When the mail left, a week or so before the race, Iroquois was being pretty freely backed at 29 to 1, and if he showed any improvement, no doubt our American cousinB would put down the' 'almighty dollar" with a will. I have been requested to state that the nominations of Sir Thomas Elder's horses for the Caulfield Cup were in Sir Thomas Elder's name, and not in Mr. W.'E. Dakin's. . The weights for the Hay Jockey Club meet ing appear this week.- The handicapper, Mr r. A. Keighran, .has, In the Members' Cnn. \- i own Mr. Barnard an example that he might :oi qw in some of the amateqr races for wrnoh' m Apportions the .weights, ■ Mr. Kafchran i kvks oommencedatjl^at. Fhantomneads r, Handicap and the;] tfu,Y , I Jake Wee. Mick to , e ettejr in .tban aqything The men;,* Wpface^ I Member* cup is for.jpa^fed horeeij owned and riduou o> iriemtjsSof theblub, and it is On looking over* «»■nwainatione r :-f is'v.qjja .;»'v-4. i' that my Sydney friend was wrong in Mr. John Tait's cblt as a son of Lady betb. It shonld have been Lady Kingston.. This ia quite as good a pedigree, for Lady Kingston was not only a good racing mare herself, but her pedigree cannot be excelled, as she is by Kingston from Vanity by MarauiB, and therefore belongs to the same " family as The Fop, Coquette, Speculation, J.L., Progress, Nautilus, &C.; I am glad to hear that there is every probability of the A.J.C. widening . the Rand wick course. The membersof committee have instructed a first-class surveyor to prepare a plan of the course, in order, if poBBible, to enable the secretary to construct another training-ground and widen the course without curtailing the distance, viz., a mile and a quarter. I think thiB can be done easily enough, aB there iB plenty of room at the back of the course; and as the only places that require extension are the straight and round by Donnelly's corner, there should not be any difficulty in arriving at the desired result. The new improvements at Rand wick are going on well, and as the double line of tramB will be laid in a short time, the difficulty in reaching Randwick will be obviated. The public will show their ap preciation of this alteration by assembling in larger numbers than usual. Mr. Crooke, who informed me that Prattle had broken down, finds that the mare's leg iB not so bad aB he thought, and with judicious treatment he believes she may be got round to race again. While galloping on the tan at Flemington on Wednesday morning, Mr. Whittingham's colt Prince Imperial broke a blood-vessel, and died in a few minutes. Mr. Whittingham thus loBt a good colt, for by his running at Bendigo he proved that he was a cut above the average run of youngsters. Finding that there was no chance of bring ing Welcome Jack fit to the post, Mr. John Wagner Btruck the colt oat of the V.R.C. Derby and Melbourne Cup at 35 minutes past noon on the 25th June, Lovere of sport will hear with satisfaction that the committee of the Victoria Amateur Turf Club decided on Monday that the spring meeting Bhould extend over two days, and Thursday, the 13th, and Saturday, the 15th October, have been chosen. A programme submitted by Mr. Bond was received by the club, and it should meet with the approval of racing men. The first day's card will contain a Selling Race of 2 sovs. each, with 50 eovs. added, half a mile ; Handicap Hurdle Race of 3 sovs. each, with 75 sovs. added, two miles; the Great Foal Stakes of 15 sovs. each, with 200 sovs. added, half a mile (closed with 94 subs.); the Caulfield Guineas of 10 sovs. each, with 200 sovs. added, one mile (closed with 56 Bubs.); Toorak Handicap of 3 sovs. each, with 100 sovs. added, one mile. On the second day business will commence with a Selling Hurdle Race of 3 sovs. each, with 75 sovs. added, one mile and a half ; and will be followed by the Nursery Handicap of 3 sovs. each, with 300 sovs. added, five furlongs ; Caulfield Cup of 10 sovs. each, with 300 sovs. added (closed with95 subs.); Handi cap Steeplechase of 7 sovs. each, with 150 sovs. added, about two miles and a half, and the Windsor Handicap of 3 sovs. each, with 100 sovs. added, six furlongs. This ought to hit the public taBte to a nicety. m " MartinOale, 01 tne esyaney town ana Country Journal, says " On Thursday morning I visited the training-grounds at Randwick, and found a host of horses per forming slow work. Most of them have a forward appearance, though several are gross. Sam Harding has a string of seven in useful work, consisting of Lady Ripon, Wrangler, Childers, Balthazar, Doctor, and a three year old by Sydney Tim Whither. The latter is being put over the sticks, and from appear ances Bhould shape well. The Newmarket string number 16, under the care of Mr. M. Fennelly, assisted by T. Payten. Their names are familiar, viz., Martindale, Bathurst, Etna, Gloucester, Monmouth, Democrat, The Pontiff, Woolsorter, Fragments, Hotspur, Segenhoe, Hecla, Despot, Paragraph, Gost wyck, and Morpeth. All were out doing work, and I must say that 1 greatly admire Gloucester, who, if not one of the best that 1 have Been for many a day, 1 am very much mistaken. The Pontiff I did not see work, but to appearances he looks in great heart, as do all the others. Harry Rayner has only a trio under bis careful supervision—Ores wick, Courtenay, and Bangle (by Reprieve^, The first-named haB just been indul-^} with a doBe of medicine. The father the Randwick trainers, as regards age and ex perience, J. Ashworth, who offi'jatgg over I the Byron-lodge division, has, also a trio I under him. Strathearn logics very big and well, and, I was informed, had not been crossed until the dagr breviouB since his ever to-be-temembered finish in the Cup race. The other two in the stable are a Lady King ston colt (who gives one a very favourable impression), and Inverary. J. Ross has half a dozen in preparation, viz.—Carmen, Clan carty, Kerolite, Tinderbox, Merry-go-round, and a chesnut colt by Kelpie from Sweetlips. . During my stay I saw Falmouth and his brother do a good strong working gallop. The inside track was in use during the morn ing, but owing to the Bhowers it was very greasy, and in going round Falmouth very nearly came down just after passing the entry gate. The bay iB a much neater mover than the brown. Master Avenel and Lorton, both looking lusty, were present, besides a host of others, several of whom performed on the sand and tan tracks. Now that the weights are out, however, there will he mdr& interest in their doings, and frequent visits to the course will have to be made." The owners of Musket have more cause for congratulation, for Windsor, by Hermit from, Musket's dam, won the Chester Cup for the popular baronet, Sir J. D. Astley. Musket's dam is by West Australian from »--• Martmi-Henry, the colt by Musket from Sylvia, has arrived safely in Sydney, and has been interviewed by a number of peonle at Fennelly s Bazaar. Although onfy aevwt months old he is reported to be a verj fi™ colt and well worth the 1,250 guineas pa?! for him by the Hon. James White. - *ej5'<5,w Mail etatea that Mr. W. Long haB formed a private training establishment at Warwick Farm, near Liverpool, N S W where a couple of tracks have been made, and henceforth the doings of the string under Tom Browns care will be a6 seated as nra thosetbatere put through their drill kt Si ■wSLsSS guineas. Hela lited for h which capacity he ni is a well-grown aiii Whiffler (imp.) from stone from , Jud- ** showed brilliaht won the Three-y< Monarque, Jack o' Tidal Ware miming the mile and a half in 2m. 39s. As there has been a demonstration against Darebin daring the past day or two, an idea has become prevalent that there most be something wrong with him. I saw him canter on Tuesday, and visited Flemington again on Thursday, when I discovered that the set made against him was consequent upon the reports circulated by the watchers that'there was "not enough flesh upon his bones to feed a crow with." No donbt the colt is fining down and losing all appearances of coldsh nese, bat the touts talk as if bis trainer were going to keep him incessantly galloping up to the Derby day. Mr. Dakinis too sensible a man to do anything of the kind, and those who have backed him may res: assured that in his hands Darebin will have ample justice done him. The fact is the col: is a gross one, and, being possessed of a temper of his own, he gets a bit bumptious it' aliowed to nut on lltsh. It is necessary, therefore, to keep him ■well in hand. "While on the Fleminzton training ground on Thursday I saw N'autnus do a nice striding gallop, and* I believe it is intended that he shall rcu at the Geeiong meeting—that is, if he performs satisfactorily in the mean time. I regret very much to say that A. Davis has had a relapse. Erysipelas has set in in nis Lead, and he is now very ilL Walter Sullivan, who was accidentally shot by D. Sullivan the trainer, is now well enough to walk about. Mr. Thomas Henty has pointed out to me a racing case which may interest turfites. At the Epsom meeting in lc->4, Child of the Mist started for and won tne Derby and Oaks Stakes, but the race was claimed by the owner of the second horse,_ Vaultress, on the ground that while Guild of the Mist was pro ceeding to the post,the owners scratched him, and tad the number taken down. The stewards of the Jockey Ciub gave the follow ing decision :—" The stewards of the Jockey Club, having heard the evidence with respect to the Derby and Oaks Stakes at Epsom, are of opinion that, although build of the Mist's number was taken down by desire of his owners while the horses were proceeding to the starting post, yet, as the person sent by them to prevent him from running did not arrive in rime to carry out their change of in tention, the horse must be considered the winner of the race.—(Signed) Exetee, FBAKCIi: VlLLIEfci." Australian-bred horses still continue to win in India, Ac. At the Singapore meeting Alaric distinguished himself by winning the Celestial Plate, and among those behind him were Egremont and Knight Errant. The latter pulled np lame. On the second day Alaric carried list, and won the Coromaodel Vase, and on the third, with list 21b. up, he won the Singapore Derby, bnt he failed to give 161b. to Thetis, who beat him in the dinners' Handicap, the mare having pre viously been successful in the Farmers' Cup and the Maharajah's Cap. At the Ceylon Gymkhana meeting Ramrod, an Australian, won the Railway Stakes, Great Western Stakes, and Hurdle Race, and an English mare named Fiavia Baker won the Central Province Stakes and the St. Leger Handicap. At the Wellington (India) meeting Mr. Robertson, who took several Australian horses to India, made his appearance and was fairly successful. The first race in which his colours were sported was the Trial Stakes, for which be started Coongoola, but two other Australians finished in front of him, Epilogue by Epigram, carrying Sat 121b. and winniog, while Fizz, Sat. 131b., was second. Franciscan, who had top weight, Sst. 71b., was last. I should think so at those weights. Mr. Robertson was more for tunate on the second day, when Coongoola, with Set. 121b., won the N'ilgiri Handicap, Epilogue, 10st. 41b., was second. Mr. Robert son scored another victory in the Stewards' Handicap with Exile, who carried 10at Tne Australian gelding Ecarte won the Maiden Purse. Among the horses that Messrs. Baldock are shipping by the Carlisle Castle are several that ehould keep op the repntation of Aus tralian horses in India. This year Messrs. Baldock have gone out of the beaten track, and send some yearlings and two year olds, among the former being a colt by Tubal Cain from Psyche (a very fine youngster), a colt by Tubal Cain from Kestrel, a colt by Alfred from Yellow Mary, and a filly by Confucius from Mary. The two-year-old lot include a colt by King of Clubs from Celery, a colt by King of Clubs from Frolic, a filly by Hercules from Prestige, and a filly by Hercules from Mignonette. Berwick and Sampson are also included in the shipment, which numbers 230 all told; the horses for the Government being well bred and carefully selected. Some races for £10 prizes will take place at Brighton to-day. 