LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. j Thursday, January 27. The Speaker took the chair at half-past 4 o'clock. ANSWERS TO QUESTIONS. Sir HENRY PARKES, in reply to Mr. Poole, said that he could not give the names of teachers who had re- signed their positions under the department, or tbe reasons for their resignation. It waa not unfrequentlv the case that a young lady resigned to be married, and he should not like in such a caso to give the name or the reason for resignation, neither should ho like to give the name and reason where a young lady had resigned on the ground of ill-health. Mt. LACKEY, in reply to Mr. Farnell, said that the Government had not yet decided to place a sum of money on the Loan Estimâtes for 1881 for the erection of a high level bridge to - connect Sydney with St. Leonards. They had received an offer fiom an agent of an English company to oonstruot a high- level bridge, and hoped to be in a posi- tion to consider the subject in a few days. Sir HENRY PARKES, in reply to Mr. R. B. Smith, said that a sum was tobe submitted on the Estimates, in order to recognize the services rendered by Mr. James Barnett, Colonial Architect, in designing the International Exhibition building, and superintending its erection. Sir HENRY PARKES, in reply to Mr. R. B. Smith, said that he was informed that a site for a Publio school was purchased by the Council of Education, near Bourke stroet, from Mr. 'John Baptist. The area of the land was 1 acre 3 roods 10 perches, and the amount paid was £4000. Mr. BAKER, iu reply to Mr. H. C. Dangar, said that the protests against the appraisement of runs last y em would be submitted to the three appraisers, together with appraisements which have been referred for report. Mr. SUTTOR, in reply to Mr. Byrnes, said that an estimated return, in reference to the loss to the îevenue sus- tained in consequence of the extension of the one penny postage system, was laid upon the table of the House in August, 1875. The loss of revenue was then calculated at £1886 per annum. Mr. LACKEY, in reply to Mr. Bodel, said that amounts had been noted on the draft Estimates forjthe construction of tanks for tho conservation of water in the country lying between the Lachlan and the Bogan and Darling Rivers. The Estimates were now under consideration by the Cabinet. Sir HENRY PARKES, in reply to Dr. Ross, said that an application had been received for tho erection of a public school at Bob's Creek, near Molong, and the erection of school buildings would be proceeded with when the appro- priation of the site applied tor was authorised. Sir HENRY PARKES, in reply to Dr. Ross, said that the 71st regulation provided that tho attendance of any pupil in a Publio school, suffering from any contagious, offensive, or infectious disease, may be temporarily sus- pended by the teacher. Mr. HOSKINS, in reply to Dr. Ross, said that an appli- cation had been received from residents on the Moodagory , Creek, near Meranburn, asking for a reserve for a site for a township, but from the surveyor's report it was not | deemed necessary to comply with the application. Thero was a much more suitable site for a village about four miles to the east of that applied for. Mr. SUTTOR, in reply to Dr. Ross, said that if on in- quiry the construction and extension of a telegraph line I between Orange and Cargo, or Cudal and Cargo, were found j to be necessary, there were funds available for their con- struction. | Mr. HOSKINS gave Dr. Robb certain information in re- gard to the conditional purchase of Alexander Clyne, Bur- rawang Cross Roads, near Molong. Mr. LACKEY, in reply to Mr. Vaughan, said that a j survey and report had been received on the subject of the Grenfell water supply. He could not at present say 'what ' action would be tacen in any particular case, as the whole question of country water supply was now under considera fiftn . ^nt b«"fliiM MiñiiTiiTtrif.fluffíf"****^""tha* the claims. '.pi Grenfell, would not ho overlooked when til--i question was decided. »«"»«a w_cn t_ .-^ Mr. BAKER, in reply to Mr. Holborow,«aHt_t.__, had been survoyed from Parkesbourne toB«2i _*?. raüway station. It had been proclaimel but SÄ* mation had not been conflrmcd, MnójncTsfittlm^í?»* Railway Department of the quoÄf thÄL**» tho railway. uv_m_ j,,, Mr. BAKER, in reply to Mr. M'Elhone, »ve ii*», tion as to tho appointment of Mr. Canvm »a arWT*' runs. Ho ulso stated, in reply to Mr. H. C DinW*i^ tho gentlemen appointed last year to report on thai?' r^ mont of runs wore Messrs Myleeharano, Canvin tÎSÎÏ!*" Dargin, Edmonds, nnd C. W. Lioyd. - ' . ,mP,»i Mr. BAKER, in reply to Mr. Boycrs, said it w»««. . tontionof tho Government to iniroducoa bul warnet!. Mr. HOSKINS, in reply to Mr. R. B. Smith, «m .J total cost of tho resumption of land and haüSSu** quaiic-street was £6G,SS6 5s. 8d. The Mmuairent*?. the end of last December, was £3024 14«., but owhJ? * necessary reduction it was now £2954 14« BJaL1 thor stated that the Government would shnruv!*!£' what they would do with the land and LvS" resumed to tho north of the Parliament bullp_D_T^*' PAPERS. Sir Henry Parkes laid on the table the w pnpers :-Copy of By-law, University of 8v<__r»-¿¡£?$ By-law, St. John's College; copy of By-tow_Äi Free Public Library. ' ' 1,n**ft Mr. Hoskins laid on the table an abstract of'Cm» Lands authorized to be dedicated to religious aa_»MÏ purposes. ""*»wui It was ordered that the documents be printed. BERRIMA COAL MINING AND EAILWav - COMPANY. *""»« Mr. GARRETT moved for leave to bring ia ¿Uni. onablo tho Berrima Coal Mining and Railway Comnimv S construct a railway from the Berrima coal i_in/_, tk» Groat Southern Railway. M Leave was given. WAGGA WAGGA' GAS BILL. Mr. DOUGLAS moved,-l. "That a ßelect Cfwak, bo appointed, with power to send for persons and vmmZ inquiro into and report udou the Wagga Wagga Gi» Bill 2\. That such committee consist of Mr. Brodribb, Mr 'Buril' Mr. Cramsie Mr. II. C. Dantrar, Mr. Farnell, Mr 1W Mr. Loughnan, Mr. M'CuUoch, Mr. Wilkinson, and al mover." »-»«r The motion was agreed to. CORPORATE BODIES OF TRUSTEES. ÊMr. STUART moved,-" For leave to bring in a bj to 'ovide for tho creation, within the dioceses of 6vd_r nthurst, and Grafton and Armidale respectively, of corr* rate bodies of trustees in which property belonging to _¡ Church of England in such dioceses may be vested, «_d|> make further provisions in reference thereto." Leave was given, und the bill wus brought in. RAILWAY FROM WALLERAWANG TO MUDGEE, Mr. LACKEY moved,-" That this House approval ol the plan, section, and a book of reference of the proposed»!. I tension for the remaining portion of the railway from *_. I ' lerawangto Mudgee, viz., trom 143 miles 47 chain« to 183 [ miles 1Ü chains, being a distance of 46 mile« 46 chamt,bil bofore the House ou the 12th January, in s^oordsnes whi the 9th section of the Government Railways Act 22 Vieta» No. 19." It was scarcely necessary for him, he thoaAL to »ay much in asking the House to approve of (S resolution. Tho proposed extension consisted of ii milos 46 chains, and would complete the Um of. railway between the length of line already contactai for and the town of Mudgee. The line passed thiotri country well known to many hon. members, and oatt* whole ho believed it would be one whioh would yield apt», fitablo return on tho outlay. The line would follow tin diiection of tho road into Rylstone, croeting the Cudgaraz River at tho township, thonco through the properties of Mr. E. K. Cox, on past the back of the Lowe estate ob ti Dungaree, thence following Lawson'» Creek to a point opposite Mudgee on the north branch of the Cudgegou River, From this point the line orossed the river, put_r through tho Burrundulla estate, and terminating in Cms lands on blocks in the southern boundary of ¿I town of Mudgee, between Nicholas and Inglis «trau, The policy of constructing a line of railway to thi« diitrid hud been decided upon by Parliament, and it would then« fore be unnecessary for him to point out to hon. member» the desirability of adopting the resolution which he not submitted. Mr. M'ELHONE said that he had spoken to persons re- siding in the Mudgee district on this matter, and they honestly admitted that they had not the least idea that the line would be a paying one. He believed the whole of the money voted for this railway would be lost to the country, [Mr. CAMERON: I hope the hon. member will vote for the Illawarra railway now.] He never said he would. The motion was agreed to. FISHERIES BILL. Sir HENRY PARKES moved the second reading ol the Fisherlos Bill. This bill wa« framed with the inten« tiou of carrying out the recommendations of the Commii« sion whioh sat last year to inquire into the «tots of ik fisheries of the colony, and to suggest measures for thai development and general improvement. The Commission, it would be remembered, was composed of genüemea, all ol whom, more or less, had a knowledge of fUherfa», maa« of them having been devoted to this pursuit for seven! years, and they fairly represented different disses ol society. Altogether he thought the Commission embraced those who were capable of thoroughly mvtittgitt_g ti» subject. Their report, which was very carefully préparai. went fully into the state of our fisheries, and the preted measure was substantially theoutconieuf their uveiugationi, The bill whioh he asked the House to read . atoO-j time proposed new machinery for the managenisnt ol our fien supply; and then it made provista for the objects which were to be attainsl bj this machinery. It proposed to repeal the «v isting Acts, and a portion of the Act which bow «ni powered the Minister for Lands to grant leases. Then «j proposed to vest in three unpaid commissioners Üu control of our flsheriea-for the future. It made proviiioa for tal appointaient «f the necessary officers, and enacted tbsl police officers and officers of the Marine Board, when fkW were engaged in the locality, should act at t-riitJ ant inspectors. The colony would be dividid _*f three districts-the Home, the Northern, and tW Southern. Although we might not have rieh tonn-, of supply like some other countries, our »uppliei misht tie mode richer and more valuable thaa it present, if the enormous waste of small fish *as «topped. The Commission, in their report, made one or ti» references to the destruction of fish now going on:-"with; an extensive sea-board, an apparently unlimited supply of fish, and a very limited consumption, it might natwulyto supposed that for many years to come, legislation for the preservation of the fisheries of New South Wales would bl premature and unnecessary. Experience, however,tell!« very different tale. It is undoubted that in and about Peri Jackson, Botany Bay, Broken Bay, and the Lake« MM'' quarie and Tuggerah, and indeed at every place e_ólf reached by the Sydney fishermen, the quantity of fish has füllen off enormously of late years, and focoü' tinning to do so. If this were due to the légitimité exhaustion of the supply by ita use for food, or indeed for any useful purpose, there would be leis reason for regret of interference ; but the fact being that the quantity of nu caught and consumed has never at any time been «uffidal of itself to affect to any appreciable degree the supply, ana that the diminution whioh is going on in the supply of «or» of our best fishes is due entirely to the wanton deatrocttoj by fishermen of the spawn and young, indicate» a «tate ol things which demands immediate legislative interference. The fishes whioh suffer most in this way are thoti which spawn on the shallow hanks and b8*T* In another part of the world, but with a new populitto like our own, they were able to keep up their «upply. TT Commission reported :-" There is not a salmon river U Europa that does not annuallv liberate a much lug« number of artificially-roared fish than the annual catch, «a the process has boon adopted and carried out mort roooeM' fullvon the western coasts of North America, a country newer to European advancement and civilization even tT1** aro ourselves. Tho many millions of large salmonsnnuiUy tinned or canned on the Sacramento and Columbia Riven seem not as yet to affect the supply, but we find from» 'JP0': of the Commissioners of Californian Fisheries for 1878 «w 1879, that in the Sacramento River the supply » »mW kopt up by the annual hatching and liberation of 2,500,Wj voung fish. It is probable that the same effectual mode «j preventing exhaustion of the supply is employed on tM Columbia, where ii still greater number of the adult flin »n utilu-od and canned, and often eaten here as English salmon, Wo give theBO simply as illustrations of the value of pua culture, which affords a means of sustaining aliko all nu»' ries which are so valuable as to be threatened with destrttC' tion." Again, thoy stated in another portionof their wp°rt£ " We have pointed out tho destruction at present cowton»; occurring of the young fish and the spawn ; and tareco-« mend for their protection that a close season shah «tew from 1st April to 1st October in eaoh year, in which thei um of all nets shall bo prohibited within any bay, lake, or inio of the coast, unless specially exempted by proclámanos in the Government Gazette; that during the otw six mouths the mesh of the nets used tm¡ not be smullor than li inch, measured diagonally, «W «T no prawn net shall bo permitted to be used of greater lenT than 16 fathoms. Wo also advise that, where fixed orita« nots are used for the capture of fish, they should bepr°_T hited from being stretched completely acroM any crewj river, or inlet, and that the minimum sue of the mew should be 4 inches." The second part of thisbiU gayo^pow for granting leases under a new form of adminia^aan» also, thal in all cases boats should be licensed. « T» provision that licenses should be issued for workmgpnwj oyster beds, and that dealer» in oysters should be <»WT to take out licenses. There were penalties »r B«uTfi ovsters for lime, a practico extensively carried on, uw» provided for a close season from April to the end ox ora tomber for certain fish ; that the meBhes of the nets ia»"« not be smaller than li inches, in order that »samau»» might escape ; there were penalties for the destrncnou uudersiüed fish, and for riddling prawns, except m W»T"T vhero they were taken from ; and that in futu« no£ plosives should be used for the mere purpose of flesiwj«* fish. Mr. FARNELL, while agreeing with a 8^* "¡¡JJ ' of the provisions of the bill, thought ."*?___ tained too many regulations and too few .?!,C,¡S¿_ ' That was a frequent fault in our l«v_i«»tH»_u_c_»*} i hoar.) This hill provided for ai- comMaffim tha Raw* p«->»"»^«<"T nrvyimnifiTrr «?".» -*» ** i MrtA that too commissioners wore to perform those HÏÏ»,« duties without remuneration, and he did not i SfthTsU capable men would be found willing ÄÄtoTask. In reference to the- appoint- ât of Custom-houso officers as assistant inspectors ho ?Tlt Llievethat they would be able to devoto the timo Anin to that work. It was necessary that. there Sould be an efficient staff of inspectors. The division of | .Series was good, and he agreed with the proposed Is« season. He believed that we had in this country a Vincent supply of fish, such as tho sea mullet and the Crine but it was to bo regretted that no stops were taken farflupreservation of the fish. Notwithstanding the large ^«ntitv of fish brought to market, a very small Xrtionof the people partook of that food in Suenceof the want of proper means of distribution. Thatis a thing which ought tobe provided for, and was írovideU for, in this bill. Well, instead of our being im- porters of fish, we ought to be exporters in very large , SakntMcs. Very few fish were salted ; and, indeed, the ¡ Snlv article of export was gelatine, obtained from the fish i ina shark fins, which were sent to China. Hitherto we had «law which was not so defectivo as some persons wished to ! make out but it was no use having a law unless they had j tenons to administer it. If thoy had not sufficient super vision the law would become a dead letter, and such | 1\. ¿h0 case with the Act they were now asked ¡ torepeal by this bill. We hud an inspector of oyster j fisheries and a good result was obtained from that mspec- | »ion but we have had no inspector of fisheries. There was no doubt that many fish were caught and sold which ought | not to be caught, and steps should bo taken to prevent the i practice He thought, however, that there should be enact- ments in this bill instead of regulations. A bill was pre- wired by a Royal Commission in 1S76, which provided by enactment for all these things instead of leaving them to rarulstions. As to that portion of the bill dealing with oyster fisheries he thought it wa« almost, if not quite, as important as the other part of the bill. Ho believed if this oyster culturo were properly cat ried out oysters would become an iuimense article of export, as was tue caso in America, and particularly in Baltimore ; and yet j our climate was more suited to the culture of the oyster than any part of America, or indeed any part of the world. ' In this colony we had nny amount of spat or ware which | iras never utilized, and they knew that in somo places theoystors grew so thick that thoy did not como to maturity. What they wanted to encourage was the artificial production of oysters. Every river in the colony of New South Wales had oysters more or less within them, nnd also every lake, but he thought it -.;.-?essary that thoy Bhould be fished, be- cause if thoy were net dredged periodically and taken out of their natural bed thoy would die. Hp believed, however, that injury had been done to our oyster beds by the practice Indulged in by lessees Of overdredging. It waB to the in- terest of these" lessees to take all they could out of the oyster beds and they cared nothing for their preservation, the result being that many of the beds wero past reclaiming. [Mr. Cameron: Some of them have been immensely improved.] He believed there was no evidence to show that a single bed had been improved. Ho believed these oyster beds ought not to be closed for more than four years, ns the oyster was edible in that time und the beds ought to be dredged after that time. Tho inspector ought to have a thorough know- ledge of this matter, and when he found these beds being overworked he should get authority to have thom closed tor s certain period in order to allow them to resuscitate. (Hear, hear.) That had not been done hitherto; but it was proposed to do this < under this bill, and also to give every encouragement to persons who would lay down artificial oyster beds, and who might lease our foreshores and other places for the purpose of producing DTiterJ. Some of our rivers wore limited in the character sod nature of the soil suitable to oysters, and it was found that in some places tho oysters had become extinct altogether, so that it would be useless to close these localities unless they «ere under thorough protection. Tho Manning River was supposed to be closed, and yet oysters wero brought to Sydney by the steamers trading there, and he believed they were taken from another river, which was uteo supposed to le closed and carried overland to tho Manning mid shipped in these steamers. Thero could ben» objection to people teHngthe oysters as long ns they wero taken under proper superritúm and restrictions, and under this bill he believed that would be accomplished. Anybody who had read any - thine about oyster culture in England* would kuow that it ¿gowen carried on thoro for a number of years, and ho lelieved the first charter dated back as far as the reign of Queen Anne. The oysters there were cultivated from the spat or ware whioh was procurod m other countries, end laid down in beds suitable for tho purpose ; and thoso people who had a charter really paid nothing to the Govern- ment. The Government did this to encourage the produc- tion of oysters. We did not propose to give away the land, lut to charge a smnll rent, and if persons would lease land for the purpose of oyster cultivation, he be- lieved it would become a most profitable industry. People did not do that now, because the public came in and look the oysters away, and thoro wero no means of pre- venting it. Mr. Holt had thirty milos of country, in which he had dug trenches for the purpose of fattening and rearing oysters ; but this was private property, and not on Crown lands. He did not think, however," that this gentleman was giving them exactly what was required. There were too many cockleshells and other sholls of the oma kind; whereas oysters preferred decayed shells of their own species. The oyster had mauy enemies besides man, although he believed mun to be tho greatest enemy. (Hear, hoar.) He would like to see some of the things which it was provided in the bill should bo dealt with by regulation-dealt with, rather, by enactment. The leases in the past had been issued under regulations, and it was now decided that they wero all ille- gal ; and he thought the result should show how careful they ought to be in making regulations. No doubt these leases had been granted in good faith, and were taken by the lessees in good faith; but owing to the manner in which they had been issued, the result had bpon that, instead of endeavouring to dovelope the cul- ture of oysters, all that could be taken had keen taken and the natural beds had been destroyed. He con nderedthatit was just as necessary for a person toundor itand the proper culture of oysters as horticulture, or any mtem of farming on land, if he wished to be successful. [Hear, hear.) A great deal of caution would have to be nercised in making regulations under the Act, because our rivers were not all alike. Thero was a wiso provision in the Act lor closing rivers by proclamation in the Gwictte. This cooHiotbe done by the Act, because the seasons were codif- ièrent in various portions of the colony, and even in different portions of the same river. He would support the bill and the culture of oysters and the preservation of their fisheries upon national grounds. It was, he thought, a disgrace to the colony to import a single tin of oysters or a singlo tin of Ash ; we ought rather to be large exporters on our own account. He did not wish to quote the report of the Com inMon, but he could assure them that their fch would be to this colony what the herrings were to Scotland, for they passed by our Bhores In myriads. There was one point in rofcrenco to compensation to the lessees to which he wished to refer. Hon. members would see that they did not propose to lease the natural oyster beds stall, but that they should be dredged under a license and under proper supervision. Yet it was proposed to compensate the lessees, either by paying them for the leases, or by issuing new leases. He thought this last proposal must ba a mistake on the part of the draughtsmen, because as he had pointed out, .they were setting their faces altogether against the practice of leasing the natural beds. (Hear, hear.) Ho thought that instead of granting compensation to the lessees the Government ought to demand compensation for tho destruction of tho beds. He thought he had said sufneiont to justify bon. members voting for this bill, and bring it into law with some amend- ments in details that they might make in committee. There was a very wide provision there to give encouragement to persons who owned land, and had a little beach, where the ¡j?'!T* suitable, to enter upon the cultivation of oysters, lins bul would enable the Government to givo such persons » lease and would encourage them in that industry. In somo cases in this bill the penalties were altogether too low. In »case that occurred the other day at the Hunter River, ?-en%> Tg8 oi oysters were seized,"and the mon were fined n ki ? COuIâ g0 and n",lte tliat limounr in one night. Me should have much pleasure in moving the second read- me of this bill. Mr. STUART considered it difficult to over-estimate the importance of this bill, and ho cougrtttulated the Colonial secretary upon having been iu a position to bring it before the House. The state of the law uudcr which our fisheries have been regulated for the last ten or twelve years, instead o'giving us a good supply of a pood article," had done the very opposite; it had no't only given us au ¡ndilTcrent sup- ply, out it had te a great extent destroyed the source of wat supply. This bill divided itself into two parts- that relating to fish, and that iclating to oysters. With regal d to tho first part ho quite agieed with tho last speaker that wv had an idea of the enormous value which might vet te obtained for the colony from its fisheries. Tâko the sea mullet, for instante. Ho supposed thero was bo supply of übh passing any shores in greater quantity, j*j?P|^perhaps the hoiring in more temperate climates. Ilo believed if proper encouragement wero held out for the pur- suit of this industry it would in the course of time attain an Importance equal to that of the herring fishery on the coatt m Scotland and other places. But ia order to attract capital, «T i"* 'ntul%ell0B t0 tno pursuit of this industry he ttn., 1? e°0^ <*ea* more wns ro1u'reû' than tho provisions of that bill. He most heartily gave Mb aBsent to the second reading of the bill, but he thought to make it thoroughly effectual it would bo necessary not only to amend it, but also to extend its provisions. This bill seemed only to contemplate the supply of the ordinary Sydney market, »Í t Hmn8cment of amateurs. He would look further than ~*t. What was the course adopted in other countries where there are annual migrations of fish on their shores? lhere were fishing villages on the parts of the coast whioh were most frequented, and where it would be most easy to weet a large capture. That was one point which had been lost Bight of in the drafting ot this bill. He would like to »ee provision made for reserves for fishing villages on certain parts of the coast where it was notorious that thoso tnormousshoalsoffishdidmostcongrogato. Itany persons nan enterprise enough to attempt a fishery here there Tff n° ?!!?%where the>'couU 6°- They mi¿ht he warned .m/9!11 ,ers> or Prosecuted as trespassers, or be put unacr the taboo of a Government ranger. If there were T,T"Cn{ 5?° ctmst' whero th°y had « "S?,lt t0 S°» ¡n tho course ot time we might see fishing villages and fleets of Doats going out at particular seasons to take advantage of these large shoals of fish. Thoso fishes, rho mullet espo- rayí, ° va,,UBD,e. »ot only as edible fishes, but enor weS?5? Ï'1 Pro^cme fishes. On the coast of America ouanti«;» i"at,?0t onIy W0B the llenintt cauf?üt in wwe ¡xZ I \i0l *" p,uvP°8es uf fo0Q. B«t » was tinned up for, were ;,^,, r/0Una- also' that larS° quantities 5f oil^ fhi» flaPh°ÍUOed, írom thom- Thousands of tons of mis Hah war« tabT, annually, and tho oil was exnressed from them. We found here our, tanner« were actually using oil for the production of leather, oil expressed from the herring caught upon the coast of California. We talked of the encouragomont of native industries, and keep- ing the money in the country, and yet we had here myriads of those fish, producing a very much larger quantity of oil than wo could requite, passing our shores unmolested, and wo sent to other countries for tho oil we want And if the fith demanded our attention, how much more so was it the case with regard to the oyster fishery. No country was moro specially favourable for the cultivation of tho oyster than ours. Allusion had been made to the great estent of the trade in this mollusc on tho American coast. Baltimore derived great part of its income from this source, and a largo portion of its population was supported by the oyster fishery, by canning np those oysters to be sent to all parts of the world. The oyster I fishery of the Chesapeake was stated in the House of Com- ' 1 mons to be of the annual value of upwards of four millions 1 sterling. Yet it was not so well situated for the cultivation ! of the oyster as many of the bays and harbours on our own coast. 'In 1868 an Act was passed having for its object the I protection and encouragement of thiB trade. But Instead of j protecting and encoui aging it the effect of that law had I been almost to ruin and destroy it, and it had i done this chiefly not by the Act itself, but by the regulations which were published under the Act. The Act itself, read without the regulations, contemplated only the cultivation of the oyster, but where it failed was 1 that it did not provide by legislation for what was to be | done for the natural beds. If it hod done so a great mistake I would not have been made in leasing the natural beds. | Because the Act itself was clnar that the land was to be leaned for the purpose of cultivating and increasing the oysters. The regulations made under it unfortunately went I directly contrary to the Act, and instead of encouraging the cultivation of the oysters, had been the means of de- stroying them. Now, in order to understand some- thing of the requirements of this cultivation of the oyster, it was necessary to know something of the habits of the oyster, and the reason why no leases should | have been given of the natural beds, whereby, as Mr. Farnell had said, the very sources of the supply had been I destroyed. The oyster required, in order that it might i increase and grow, that the beds should be very carefully formed indeed; they required some artificial care. For instance, during some part of the year the oyster emits what is called the spat, or that which by- and-bye forms the spat. If the beds were left entirely uncared fw, it tobo to tho surface and floated. Hence, in strong winds it was blown about on rocks, and much of it waa destroyed. It became the food of fishes and birds, and was to a great extent lost. Proper care of these oyster beds would compel the persons in charge of them to lay down fascines of twigB, or nets even, msde of coir rope yarn, weighted down. The spat was caught upon these, and never rose to the surface, and was greatly conserved. But thiB could not be done if these beds were leased to dredgers, who would dredge them as long as there were any oysters left upon them. Suppose, then, they were to collect the spat this year. By dredging the oysters, without any reservation ns to size, in two or three years the bed would be entirely destroyed, and you would have no oyster« left to produce fresh spat. So much for the natural beds. Then as to the artificial cultivation of the oyster. The spat, as it is called in the first year, or the brood, us it is called in the second year, is taken and removed under favourable circumstances in places where it is developed into what is technically called " ware," or third year's oyster, and then into a full grown oyster; so that it really took four or five years to mature oysters taken from the natural beds and planted on the artificial ones. It would be evident to any one who looked into the matter that one of the fundamental errors in the measure ot 1868 was the shortness of lease given. As far as the leases of natural beds were concerned they were far too long ; but in leasing beds for the cultivation of the oyster the time was far too short, and he thought the error existed in the present bill. He thought tho term, " Shall not exceed thiity, and shall not be less than fourteen years," would answer; for though thirty y cars looked a long time, it was a very short time in the history of fish culture. He thought leases should be given for fifteen years on certain definite terms, but with the right on the part of the lessee at the end of the tenth j car to claim another fifteen years in his lease, and so on. It took four or five years to mature the oyster ; and if a man knew that his lease was for a definite time, during tho last 4 or ó years he would do nothing towards extend- ing tho culture. Ile know that ho would not reap the benefit of the thing, and he would not go to expense to con- tinue planting for the maintenance of that continuous supply which we wanted. Continuity of lease seemed to be essential to the carrying on of oyster culture on a largo and e\tensive scale. With regard to dredging on the area of these leases, he thought that a very grave mistake was mndo in the leases already issued under the 1868 Act. The lessees were allowed to take possession of a wholo district, bay, or estuary-an immense tract of water-and noone else was allowed to come in. They did not cultivate, and thoy had a monopoly of the natural beds. He thought that 100 ucres was far more than any lessee could possibly do justice to. and that 10 or 20 acres was probably as much as it would be prudent to give to any single lessee. As to the dredging of the natural oysters, it appeared to him, that there should bo some limitations in granting licenses, und that íesidents in the district, or those who were lessees of aitificial beds, should have the preference. In dredging natural beds the drodgers could not help bringing up binall, j oung, oysters, which at present were brought in in their immature state and sold ; but if the dredgers were lessees of artificial beds they could replant all these small oysters. But to go and give ¿ne man the lease of a natural bed, and to give others leases of artificial beds, would be to niako confusion worse confounded, because it would be to put the cultivator at the mercy of the lessee of the natural beds. He thought there was a very important omission in regard to the portion of the bill dealing with oyster culture. The other portion of the bill-that referring to fish-provided for a close season, which he ventured to think was rather too long : but it was an immense mistake not to have a close season also for the oyster. He knew of no other country in the world which had omitted to provide for such a season. We intended to shut up bed» for three or four years at a time ; hut it would be far better to allow the natural beds to have a yearly period of repose, during which the spat might settle, and the beds recover themselves, than to dredge a bed for four or five year« until it was nearly exhausted, and then close it for four or five years. By having a certain close season, say three or four months each year, during which no oysters should be taken away and brought to inaiket, they would adopt one of the best modes of increasing the growth of oyster». The con- dition of things just now was that in Sydney Harbour not an oyster was to be got ; and going from one end of the coast to the other there was no one harbour where the same complaint was not to be heard. The oyster-beds wero exhausted or nearly so, and now they were to be made unproductive for four or five years. With regard to the constitution of a body to deal with the fisheries, he thought that the bill could in this respect be improved. It would be better to have a board whose members would be paid for their services, and not a body of amateurs, and it ought not to have as one of its members the Minister for Lands, ile thought it a glaring defect to propose to put the Minister for Lands in the position of being controlled in a matter of public policy by making him a member of the board. A responsible Minister should not-be in the position of being overborne or overawed by the board. He thought the board should be formed and placed in entire dependence upon the Minister for Lands, as the Marine Board now de- pended on the Colonial Treasurer. These were his views on the general scope nnd end of the legislation they were asked to take part in ; and though he differed with some of the provisions, upon the general question of the necessity for this legislation ho had no doubt, and therefore he should support tho bill. Mr. H. C. DANGAR did not intend to detain the House by speaking at any length ; but as he was, he believed, the only member of the House, except the hon. member for St. Leonards, who served on this Fisheries Commission he did not think he should give a silent vote. The legislation contemplated had not come much too soon, for as where nature was over-bountiful man was over-improvident-our improvidence with regard to our fish and oysters bad been such that we had now very nearly lost them both. The hon. member for St. Leonards called this a skeleton bill ; but if hon. members would examine the three former measures they would see that they did not form the ghost of a bill. He*sympathized with the remark of the hon. member as to the inexpediency of providing by regulation for what should be provided for by absolute enactment ; but the hon. mem- ber must admit that in the working of an Act like thi« there were so many matters of detail that it was well-nigh impossible to give them all effect by enactment. He hoped tho House would not agree to provision being made for paid commissioners, because he was sure that if the appointment were sanctioned they would lose the ser- vices of some gentlemen who would most willingly give their assistance in an unpaid capacity to establish the machinery necessary to carry out this measure ; and when it was once put in thorough workinp; order, he thought no great difficulty would be experienced in insuring a sufficient protection of fish from the enemies they had to encounter. He was sorry to observe that there was no provision in the Bill for the extinction of the natural enemies of the fish, such as cor- morants, and those fishing prey which were far more de- structive to fish than those improvident fishermen who destroyed almost as much as they secured. There was one reason why this bill Bhould pass, and that was because steps should be taken to provide for the preservation of tho fish whioh might be captured. Hitherto there had been an enormouswasteonaccountof the difficulty in getting the fish to market, but, as hon. members were aware, a company had lately been formed for the freezing of fish, and it was anticipated that the waste would thus be obviated. On the whole, he thought the measure would be a most valuable one, and he would have much pleasure in giving it his tup port. Mr. FREMLIN thought that there were some unneces- sary fears entertained about the destruction of fish. It seemed to be forgotten that directly man sought his food ha became a destroyer of beasts of proy; and though they might condemn these improvident fishermen for destroying the fish, it must be remembered that they were benefactors, since they destroyed a great many of those birds whioh proved destructive to the fish. He objected to the olaus* which provided that a royalty should he levied upon the fishermen as well as the license-fee of £10. In his opinion the license-fco was ample, and there was no necessity for the royalty. Mr. JACOB thought that every member who had read the report of the commission must come to the con- clusion that legislation was necessary on this subject. In the electorate he had the honour to represent there was a largo extent of fishing ground ; and he considered that in this bill they were going to extremes, and that the industry would be hamnered to snoh an extent aa to nrarent a great many people from earning their livelihood by its provisions. Ho quite agreed with the remarks of one or two bon. member« who had already spoken on the BUbject, to the effect that they were drifting too much in the direction of legalising by regulation. There was a provision in the bill which said that prawns should be riddled when caught. It was a matter of somo difficulty to riddle them alive, and it could only bo done when they wero boiled. The fishermen of his electorate had written to him to point this out, and ho thought that clause should be nlteied when the bill was in committee. [Attention was called to the state of the House, and a quorum formed.] This bill from beginning to end was teeming with blun- ders. It eppeared that the Colonial Treasurer had had a hand in this bill, because there were provisions for issuing licenses, and thereby getting a little more revenue. Many of the provisions in reference to licenses were too stringent. He considered it a very proper provision in the bill that licenses could be issued for dredging cn natural oyster beds. It was absurd to make embarrassing provisions for limiting the weight of fish that might be caught and sold. A regu- lation in roferenco to the size of the net would bo quite sufficient. It was necessary that tho fish should be pro- tected ; but the fishermen should be protected also, and their livelihood should not be interfered with, as would bo the case if this bill were passed. The bill was then read a second time, and the House went into committee. The preamble was postponed. Clause 1, .' Short title and arrangement of Act," was agreed to. In reference to clauso 2, " Interpretation of terms," Mr. JACOB pointed out that this bill did not, in his opinion,provide for persons establishing upon theirown lands. A part of the clause, as it stood, gave the definition of "tidal waters" thus:-"All lands within the territorial jurisdiction of the Crown in Now South Wales permanently covered by salt water, or over which the tide ebbs and flows." He proposed, as an amendment, the addition of the words, " except private lands over which such water has been artificially overflowed." Sir HENRY PARKES agreed to accept the amendment upon the understanding that he would re-commit the bill if he saw anything objectionable in the amendment. Mr. FARNELL did not think there was any necessity for the amendment. Land over which the tide ebbed and flowed was the property of the Crown. Mr. HOSKINS said if the amendment was carried it might lead to vory great abuses. Ho happened to know that there were persons who were owners of land in tho Hunter River district, where thero were tidal creeks flowing through the land, and this gave opportunities for despoiling the natural oyster beds belonging to the public. He bad known this to be done, and the effect would be that the revenue obtainable from public oyster-beds would bo greatly diminished, to the benefit of private individuals. Mr. STUART said if such places were included in the bill, they might have this anomalous position that a lessee might claim those particular waters surrounded on all sides by his land, and there would be a conflict of ownership. TheBe inlets, it appeared to him, would be under the control of that person whose land surrounded it, but if it was a tidal water, then some other person might apply for the lease of the water. Mr. HOSKINS thought if the amendment was carried, it would entirely reverse the policy of the country with regard to, the relationship between the Crown and persons having land adjoining tidal waters. Mr. JACOB said the bill clearly contemplated private persons having oyster beds. It provided for it incidentally, and what he wanted was to make it definite. Mr. FARNELL said this reservation of 100 feet could only be enforced against a private individual when the land wa« wanted for soma public purpose, and the rights of the individual were good against anyone but the Crown. Mr. JACOB withdrew his amendment. The clause was amended by inserting after tho word " tide,' in line 30, the word " naturally." Mr. 8TTJART asked the hon. gontleman in charge of the bill whether his intention was that all oyster bearing rocks should be excluded from legislation under this bill. At present it was at variance with what had hitherto been the law. Persons had been prohibited under the present law from taking oysters from the rocks ; but this bill appeared to him to introduce a chango in this respect. Ho thought it would be a desirable change ; but still he thought it better to point it out to the committee. Mr. FARNELL said this interpretation clause was cer- tainly an alteration of the law, and he thought a wiso one. Hon. members would see the wisdom of excluding the banks of the Parramatta River nnd such ploccs which were not oyster beds. The clauso did not apply to rocks. It only applied to rocks abovo or below high water-mark. The clause, as amended, was agreed to. Clauso 3 was passed as fellows :-" Tho Act twenty-eight Victoria number ten intituled 'An Act to protect ,tho Fish- eries of New South Wales,' the Act thirty-first Victoria number ten intituled 'An Act to amend the Fisheries Act of 1865,'and the Act thirty-first Victoria number twenty in- tituled'An Act to regulate Oyster Fisheries and to encourage the formation of Oyster-beds,' nnd so much of the thirty eighth section of the ' Li'nds Acts Amendment Act, 1S7Í5,' ns empowers the Governor in Council to grant lenses of Crown lands for tho purpose of a fishery are heieby ío pealed,but without prejudice to tho pust operation of, or to any right lawfully cioatod oûcn°o committed, or penalty incurred und?r any of tho ^id Acts." Clause i. " Tho duty of protecting, devolopiu^and logultting the public fisheries of New South Wales shall be vested in six com- missioners, to be cnlled the ' Commissioners of Fisheries for New South Wales,' who by that name shall be n body corporate with porpetual succession, and a common seal with power to sue and be sued, and to take and be the subject of all legal proceedings by such name. And the duties, powers, and authority of the said commissioners shall extend to the territorial limits of the said colony. Such body corporate shall be composed of the Minister for Lands for the time being, and of five persons to be appointed by the Governor, by commission under the Great Seal, each of whom shall hold office for the term of five years from the dato of his appointment, unless his office become vacant in tho mean- time by death or resignation. But any commissioner may be re-appointed after the expiration of his term of office. The Governor shall, either by tho original commission or otherwise, as to him seems proper, appoint two of tho com missioners to be lespectively president and vice- president. And the president or vice-president, or (in the absence of either) ono of the commissioners appointed from time to time by the meeting. shaU preside at all meetings, and any voting shall have an original as well as (in cases of equality of votes) a casting vote. Any three commissioners sholl be a quorum." Mr. FARNELL said that, in his opinion, three com- missioners were enough, and if it were intended that the commissioners should perform the duties of the Commission without pay. the thing would be a failure. Perhaps it would be better to leave the duties to the administration of the Minister for Lands. The Royal Commission on Fisheries recommended that the number of | commissioners ahonld be three. Mr. GARRETT thought it would bo necessary to pay fees or small salaries. Those gentlemen who wore best qualified by knowledge, experience, or study of this question, were men well off-and the better a man was off, the more valuable his time was, and the moro highly he valued his time. The gentlemen who formed Boards of Directors m this city were, every one of them, men of fortune, and vet they were very willing to take the fees attached to the office. If a thing were worth while having, it waß worth while paving for,' and if the commissioners were paid, they would be expected to perform their duty, and could be called to account if they did not perform it. He did not think five commissioners wore too largo a num- ber, and au odd numbera was very desirable. Then if there were only five commissioners, it would not bo necessary to have the Minister for Lands as one. The Minister would be out of place among the gentlemen consti- tuting this Board; he would either become next to a nullity, or assume a position of superiority which would be very distasteful to the others. Sir HENRY PARKES said he had no objection what- ever to the clause being amended so as to exclude tho Minister for Lands from this Board, and ho thought that would be an improvement. The committee would make a very great mistake in oreating this Commission if thoy did not enlist as the members of it men who took a great personal interest in the question of our fisheries. If we had this Board composed of porsons who served upon it simply for the sake of the fees or some small salary we should make a very great mistake, because the duties would not bo adequately performed unless from the interest which the persons forming the Commission took in the preservation of our fisheries. We had gentlemen in the community-and it so happened that most of these gentlemen were men of fortune -who had throughout their lives taken a thorough interest in the fisheries of the colony, and it would be far better to secure zeal of that kind voluntarily given. Those men would not be attracted by fees- they would more likely be repelled hythe offer of fees; and it would be far better to enlist the services of men of that stamp than any other men whatever. Then there was another objection to paying these commissioners, and it was this-that the moment'you paid them, whether it were 20s. or £100 per annum, that moment you excluded the whole of the members of both Houses of Parliament. The present Govern- ment had suffered from this regulation. At the present time the Government required two gentlemen to perform a particular service. The gentlemeu who of all others could perform that service best were members of this House, but the Government must turn from them and go to men who were very much inferior. If this Commission were formed to-morrow and the commissioners were paid, the Government could not look to tho Legislative Assembly or to the Legislative Council, but they must have persons outside Parliament. Then there was one evil in- separable from, and apparently inherent in, nil Bomas or Commission» which were excluded from the political life of the country. They lost sight of the responsibility as it was felt by men who moved in the political life of the country. The only way to introduce anything like life into a Board of that kind was to bring the members of it face to face with I Parliament, and if these commissioners sat in Parliament they could be asked questions as to how their work was going on, and they could avail thomselveB of any debate that might arise upon the questions. As it was necessary to the success of the Commission that tho gentleman forming it should perform the duty more as a work ot love than for any other reason, because they took a thorough, live, abiding interest in the preserva- tion and development of our fisheries, and seeing that we had a wider field to choose from, including some of the best and ablest men, by not giving remuneration, and that in addition to that advantage we should brintr them into tho place whoro thoy would hnvo a sense of responsibility seeing all these things he did not think there could heaav argument for the payment of these commissioners. With regard to whether the number should be three or five, he thought five a better number than six, because he was in favour of an odd number in order to provide for the chair- man's vote; but whether it were to bo iivo or six was a matter of no consequence beyond this-that if tliero were only three it would bo necessary to exclude some men very capablo for this particular business, and by having five wo should be likely to have five men who would enter into the work thoroughly and perform it well. Mr. GARRETT pointed out that if the Minister for Lands wore excluded the number of commissioners would bo flvo. Ou tho motion of Sir Henry Pauses the clause was amended by omitting the word " six " from before the word " comniissionors,'" with a view to insert in its place the word " five." Sir HENRY PARKES moved that the word «' five" be inserted. Mr. M'LAUGHLIN called attention to an ambiguity in tho clause. Power was given to the commissioners to sue and be sued, but the clause did not give them any power to hold real and personal property. Mr. STUART said they could hold personal property without special enactment. Mr. M'LAUGHLIN said the personal property would he tho property of the Government, and therefore it would hea matter of doubt whether proceeding should bo brought in the nanio of the Attorney-General or in the name of the commissioners. The motion for the insertion of the word *' five " waa passed. Mr. M'LAUGHLIN moved the insertion of the word« " to hold real and personal estate and " between the words " power " and " to sue." Sir HENRY PARKES doubted whether it would bo right to give tho commissioners this power, but he would accept tho amendment subject to the opinion of the Attorney General afterwards. The amendment was adopted. Sir HENRY PARKES moved to strike out the words "the Minister for Lands and of." The amendment was agreed to. Mr. W. J. FOSTER pointed out that tho préposai in the clause to fix the term of five yoars would probably have a different effect from that intended, as it would not be com- petent to remove any member of the Board until his term of office cxpiied. Sir HENRY PARKES moved to insert at the end of the paragraph on the subject the words, " Subject neverthe- less to removal by the liko authority." Mr. W. J. FOSTER : That will Berve precisely the same purpose. The amendment was agreed to. Mr. STUART moved to strike out the provision ap- pointing a vice-president of the Board. Sir HENRY PARKES said he had no objection to this. Tho amendment was agreed to. Mr. GARRETT moved to add to the douse the warda, " Notwithstanding any provision in the law to the contrary, members of the Board being members of either House or Parliament may receive any fees or salaries that, may be fixed as payment for their services." Mr. ROSEBÏ trusted that the Ministry would not accept tho amendment, as if it were carried he felt sure there were gentlonion who would refuse to accept a position on the Board. Mr. FOSTER felt sure the Colonial Secretary would not accept an amendment which introduced a principle so ontirely contrary to the great constitutional principle which had been adopted, that no member should accept any pecu- niary remuneration from the Government. (Hear, hear.) Sir HENRY PARKES said one other reason had oc- curred to him since the amondment was offered why he should not accopt it. He scarcely thought the Govern- ment should accopt au amendment which introduced so vital a principle withot notice being given. He had felt on several occasions that the Government was so severely hampered in getting the best talent that he had regretted that the rule existed in the extremo sense in which it did exist. It uould ho was sure opeiate often to the detriment of tho public service ; but if n provision of this sort weie to be introduced it should be by notice ; and hence, on second thoughts, ho hoped the hon. member would not press the amendment now. Mr. GARRETT : I have no objection to withdraw it at present. Sir HENRY PARKES : Then it would probably be bolter to introduce a new clause. Tho amondment was withdrawn, and the clause passed as amended. Clause 5. " Place of meeting." Mr. H. C. DANGAR contended that this clause was unnecessary. Mr. FARNELL thought the Commissioners should have tho appointment of the secretary. He thought the clause should bo omitted. The clause wps negatived. Claude G. " Inspector« o£ fineries." The clause was ngrroed to. Clause 7. " In addition to such inspectors, it shall be lawful for the Governor to appoint any officer of Customs, or officer in the Departmont of the Marine Board, stationed at any outport, or pilot station on the coaBt of the colony, to act as au assistant inspector of fisheries at such outport or station, and for such extent of waters as may be placed under his supervision. All such assistant inspectors shall carry out the directions of the Commissioners, so far as practicable, to the bf-st of their abihty, and shall act in con- cert with the inspectors, and shall "be paid such sums in addition to their ordinary salaries as the Governor may ap- point, and as Parliament may vote." Mr. STUART moved the insertion of the words "other persons" after the word "colony." Mr. FARNELL objected to the insertion of these words. Sir HENRY PARKES supported the amendment, which was agreed to. The clause, as amended, was agreed to. Clause 8. " Certain officers of the police force to be in- spectors ex oßeio." The clause was ngieed to. Clause 9; " It shall be lawful for tho Governor, by pro- clamation in the Gazette, to define the various fisheries on the seaboard of the colony eituated in any estuary, bay, rivor, lake,_inlet, or crook influonccd by the tides, or in the offing within one league of the coast, and to distribute the same into divisions to be designated respectively- (1) The Home Fisheries; (2) the Northern Fisheries; (3) the Southern Fisheries ; and each of such divisions shall be placed under the supervision of one or more inspectors or assistant-inBpectorsî who shall report in detail at least once in every month, or offener if required, to the commissioners upon tho state of tho fisheries included within hisdivision, in accordance with regulations to be made by the Governor, or, in their absence, in accordance with the directions of the Commissioners. Provided always that the Governor may, by a like proclamation, from time to time rescind any such definition, and alter the boundaries of any such division or subdivide the same." Mr. JACOB did not seo that it was necessary to prevent fishing w ithin three miles of the coast. This had not been lecommended by the commission. Su HENRY PARKES: The commission is not in- fallible. Mr. COPELAND pointed out that if any distance were mentioned it would lend to great difficulty. They could not define the three miles and say whether a fishing boat was within that distance or not. Mr. H. C. DANGAR said this would effectually include all not fishing. It would be perfectly safe if all net fishing were included in this Act. Mr. COPELAND enid trawl fishintr would bo carried on almost entirely on hanks mole than three miles from the coast. Mr. M'LAUGHLIN said the words should bo retained, or they would havo no power to prevent fishing on any of the beaches. Mr. STUART said they had alieady decided what tidal waters wore. The samo term might be used here, instead of the words " within one league of the coast." Mr. PURVES moved the omission of the words " in detail." Ho thought it should be left to the inspectors as to what thoy should report, and he would suggest the words " as often as íequircd " should be inserted in their place. Mr. FOSTER supported the sugcreBtion made by Mr. Stuart, thoy should ubo the words already agreed to in the interpietation clause, and he moved the omission of the words " within onoleaguoof the coast," with a view of the insertion of the woiks " tidul wnters." Sir PATRICK JENNINGS thought "three miles» would be a better term than " one league." Mr. M'LAUGHLIN contended that it was necessary to lay down a limit. Mr. O'CONNOR suggested that the Government should run a fence along. Mr. PIGOTT thought the words "tidal waters" would not mako the matter clear to fishermen. The word " league " was a well-known nautical term. ' Sir HENRY PARKES thought the words should stand as thoy were in the clauso, aud he should not like to make any alteration without consulting tho Attorney- General, who was absent, owing to domestic affliction. If necessary, he would agree to re-commit the clause. Mr. FARNELL contended that no alteration was neces- sary. Mr. FOSTER withdrew his amendment. Mr. YOUNG moved tho omission in lino 43 of the wolds " or in the offing within one league of the'eoast." Sir HENRY PARKES said that he certainly under stood that the committee- had assented to allow the clause to stand as it was. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Youno, with the consent of the committee, with- drew the amendment. Mr. COPELAND did not see what benefit was to be gained by dividing the fisheues. Somothing might take plac° just on the boundaries between the southern and home fisheries, and some point of difficulty might arise over it. No possible gain could arise fronj it, anti he could see a great many difficulties which might occur. Mr. FARNELL said that the homo fisheries w»re those around Port Jackson, while the northern one« stretched up to tho Queensland border, and the southern ones to the southern border. Tho Commission would describe them. and toa distinction waa useful a« It might te naceanry sometime» to dosa ona or another of them. Mr. PURVES proposed to amend the clause by th» omisaion in line 60 of the words " at least once a month, or offener if required." Sir HENRY PARKES hoped the hon. member would not press his amendment, as he thought one of the most important objects to be gained was information properly authorised and based on facts. (Hear, hear.) These re- ports would enable the Commission to do their duty pro- perly. Mr. PURVES, with the consent of the Committee, withdrew the amendment. The clause as read was agreed to. Clause 10. " It shall be lawful for the Governor to maka regulations from time to time for the purpose of giving effect to the provisions of this Act as to all details whatever, and in addition to any purpose hereinafter mentioned for any of the purposes following namely-1. For regulating the conduct of business by the Commissioners and defining the duties of all officers and other persons clothed with any duty or authority under this Act. 2. For prescribing the forms and condition of all licenses, modes of payment of license fees, and the due transmission of, and accounting for, all moneys to the Treasury and Audit departments respectively. 3. For prescribing the mode of testing the length of nets and the dimensions of the meshes of nets, and (notwithstanding anything contained in the Second Schedule hereto) the weight«- or sizes of fish prohibited to be caught, so.d, or consigned or exposed for sale, and for defining what are marketable and unmarketable prawns. 4. For determining all rights of priority in shooting nets or dredging for oysters as botween fishermen and dredgermen netting or dredging on the same ground. 6. For prescribing the mode and times of inspecting artificial oyster beds, dredg- ing and cleaning natural oyster beds, and marking the boundaries or oyster culture leases. C. For pre- scribing the times and conditions when and under which natural oyster beds may be dredged, and for the payment of royalties on oysters dredged from such beds. 7\. Providing that all oysters of unmarketable size, together with all dead shells, ctiltch, and substances dredged up to which oysters, whether alive or dead, are found attached, shall be thrown back in the places where the same shall have been dredged. 8. Prescribing tho size ot marketable oysters which may be lawfully dredged, taken, consigned, or exposed for sale. 8. For supplying or enabling lessees and owners of private fisheries to supply themselves with oysters, spat, or brood from Crown lands for the purpose of stocking oyster layings, and under what conditions and by what persons such spat and brood may be collected on such lands. 10. Prescribing the mode of dealing with and temporarily depositing any oysters seized under the authority of this Act - how oysters so seized shall be restored in case of no adjudication of forfeiture thereof, and how and where oysters shall be disposed of in case of such adjudication ; and under what circumstance« and conditions any such oysters may be sold prior to adjudication of forfeiture, and how the proceeds of auch sale shall be accounted for. 11\. Prescribing the mode and place of branding oyster bags, and of registering such brands. 12. Prescribing a scale of rewards (and the terms and conditions of the pay- ment thereof) for the destruction of cormorants or shags. Provided that no such reward shall exceed the sum of for anyone such bird, and «hall be payable out of the moneys received into the Treasury under the provisions of this Act. It shall be lawful for any such regulations to provide for their enforcement by the imposition of a penalty not exceeding in any case the sum of twenty pounds, and to appoint at the same time a minimum penalty. And all such regulations shall, after approval by the Governor and on publication in the Gatitte, have the full force of law, and a copy thereof shall be laid before the Legislativo Council and Legislative Assembly within fourteen days after the making thereof, if Parliament be then in session, and if not then, within fourteen days after the commencement of Its then next ensulntr session!" Mr. DANGAR said that the commissioners might, with advantage, have power to make regulations. Sir HENRY PARKES said that the commissioners could readilv make regulations and submit them to the Governor in"counoil, and they would become valid onre ceivinir tho sanction of that high authority. It waa not supposed that the Governor would mako the regulations. Mr. JACOB said that when the hon. member for St. Leonards was speaking on the second reading of the bill ; he took exception to its giving the Government power to make such extensive regulations ; and he himself must say that these were not matters of detail, but that the Government hnd power to make a new law altogether. He wished to draw attention to the third subsection. The weights of certain fishes were defined by a schedule, but this subsection three gave power to change the weights. He proposed that in the subsection all the word« after the word "nets" be omitted. Mr. COPELAND thought it would be very iniudicious to fix the weights of the different fishes now, and that the second schedule should be left out. Power should be left in the hands of the commissioners to fix the weight» hy adver- tisements as they gained experiencp. Mr. JACOB said that if the Government would leave out the schedule the amendment might be withdrawn. Sir HENRY PARKES said that he should be quite willing to recommit the bill for the oonolderatiuu of any clause, if after consultation he found the suggestion was a good one. Mr. ROSEBY thought that the commissioners should have the power to find what was marketable and what was unmarketable, for unless they had the power to say what wa» fit for food, the object of the bill would be defeated. (Hear, hear.) It was well known that millions of fish were destioyed by the wholesale manner small fish were caught and of which no further use was made. The amendment was withdrawn. Mr. COPELAND proposed that pelicans should he dealt with in the same manner as cormorants and shags, and pro- posed an amendment to that effect in sub- section 12 of the clause. Mr. JACOB pointed out that in the Game Act the pelican was protected, while in this case it was proposed that auch birds should be destroyed. Mr. FOSTER trusted that the word "pelican" would not be included in this clause. The pelican was being driven away from civilized spots, and if they were to be destroyed, they would almost become extinct. Not very long ago numbers of pelicans might be seen at the mouths of our principal rivers. [An hon. member : What good are they?] They were very ornamental birds. (Laughter.) Shags did more damage than pelicans, while the actual damage caused by the pelicans to the fisheries was inappreciable. Mr. FARNELL suggested that among the enemies of the oyster* that should be destroyed was the " five-fingers " or »tar-fish, whioh lived almost entirely upon oysters, and frequently destroyed whole oyster beda. When the bill was ^committed ha would submit some amendment to meet this case. Mr. Copeland's amendment was then negatived. The words "one shilling" were thon inserted in the blank in the clause. Mr. PIGOTT said that in reference to the provision for making by-laws, he would propose some amendment to grovide such means that members of the Assembly should ave on opportunity of seeing whether those by-laws were in accordance with the Act, and deciding whether they should have the force of law. Sir HENRY PARKES agreed to accept an amendment to the effect that the regulations should be laid before Parliament, and if not objected within a month, they should have the force of law. (Hear, hear.) Sir HENRY PARKES then proposed to insert, after the words " by the Governor and," the following words : " Be laid before both Houses of Parliament if Parliament be then Bitting, and if not then sitting, then within fourteen days after the commencement of the next ensuing session, and if not disallowed by resolution of both Houses within one calendar month shall." Mr. PIGOTT thought it waa scarcely necessary that there should be a resolution of both Houses. He thought that if these régulations were laid on the table of the Houses of Parliament, and if a resolution should be adopted by either House against them, then they should not become law ; but it was a matter of impossibility to obtain a resolution of both Houses upon a question of this kind. Sir HENRY PARKES said it was in many Act« of Parliament. It was in the Publio 8chools Act, and was frequently tobe found in other Acts of Parliament. It waa perfectly olear that, if there was anything so objection- able as to induce one House to disallow it, the other House would concur. If the matter waa so open to dispute, then there was some reason why there should be a full concur- rence of Parliament. He thought it would be an unprece- dented thing to allow one House to have such a power. After some remarks by Mr. Foster, Sir Henry Parkes, and Messrs. Pigott, Burns, O'Connor, and M'Lauqhlin, the amendment was agreed to. On the motion of Sir HENRY PARKES, the clause was amended by omitting the words "and a copy thereof shall be laid before the Legislative Council and Legislative Assembly within fourteen days after the making thereof, if Parliament be then in session, and if not, then within four- teen days after the commencement of its then next ensuing session." The clause as amended was then agreed to. The Chairman left the chair, and progress was reported. ADJOURNMENT. Sir HENRY PARKES moved,—"That this House do now adjourn." Mr. O'CONNOR said that he wished to bring a certain matter under the notice of the Government. He, in common with many members of this House, the aldermen of Sydney, and several eminent citizens, had received an invitation from the trustees of the National Park to attend a picnic. [Mr. CAMERON : Not from the trustees of the National Park.] Well, from some of them. The picnic was to come off next Friday and Saturday, and people made very elaborate pre- parations to be present. (Laughter.) He happened to be in the fortunate position of not having accepted the invita- tion. But the paltry contemptible reasons given by the gentlemen who had issued the invitations for not carrying out their contract, which nobody asked them to undertake, called for notice. They said they would not carry it out because a large number of citizens were going to make on onslaught on them. (Laughter.) As representing a large body of the citizens of this city he did not believe that there was one man in this country so mean or so paltry in spirit as to attempt to go to the picnic without an invitation. If it were in the power of the Government to visit these truatees with any punishment, they should do so for the in- sult offered to the majesty of the people. (Laughter.) He did not care in what way they were brought up ; but as some of them were members of the Upper House, he would either visit them with the punishment of removal or promote the others. (Laughter.) Sir HENRY PARKES regretted that the hon. member occupied their time with a matter of this kind. (Cheers.) They had nothing to do with it. Not one of the persons who issued these invitations was even a member of this House. As to their being punished, he thought they had escaped a most unbearable punishment which would have been inflicted upon them if they had carried out their absurd resolution. (Hear, hear.) The motion was passed, and the House adjourned at fourteen minutes to 11 o'clock until 4 o'clock p.m., this day. 