Ml AUSTijlALXA.N GJBOSTS. THE LADY WITH THE LANTERN". " And I consider that an improvement upon ths Jack o'lantern of yoa English boys, and oar own more respectable Irish Friar Hash, for any dacent boy would sooner meet a lady than a friar anytime, even though it was on the bogs. I hadn't been long in the colony—" " Oh, don't go back into the dark ages, Mr, Daly!" said a soft voice. ""Who was that spoke 1"'asked Daly, turning round. "It was you, Miss Lizzie Jackson, I know by the wicked turn of your eye. And what can a bit of a girleen, born as ye may say only yesterday, know about the dark ages? Only wait till ye're a grandfather and see if I don't let you know something. But don't interrupt the spaker, and let me go on. I was a smart slip of a boy in them times, and I'd been for twelve months overseer to— well, never mind names—in New England. I was going down to Sydney, and an accident to my horse compelled me to stop for the night at Black Creek. It wasn't Black Creek at all, however, for I'd gone through the township, and pulled up at Anvil Creek, where an inn hadn't been long built. Well, I had my supper, lit my dudheen, and took a walk out into the front to enjoy my smoke in the open air. Backwards and forwards walked, just thinking of nothing at all except wishing I hadn't been bailed up in that lonely place where there wasn't a daccnt person to spake to except the landlord, and he was away. I'd walked nearly down to the roadway, and the inn stands a good piece back off it, when right forninst me coming along the road I see a light, swinging about like as it it was in a lantern. It wasn't a bright night, for there were heavy clouds threa- tening a thunderstorm ; but I fancied—and trust the eye of an Irishman for finding it out—I fancied I see the glint of something white like a petticoat behind the lantern. There was a bit of luck I hadn't reckoned upon, coming in the shape of a dacent little native girl, and let me tell you that next after the darlin' craytures in my own province of Connaught there's no girls like the Hunter River girls, barrin' it may be the Hawkesbury cornflowers' "And the Sydney rosebuds?" questioned the ladies, "Och, they're the divil entirely for bother ing a poor fellow's brains. But that's nayther here nor there. When I caught the sight of the petticoat ye may depend that I wasn long in walking down on to the road, and sauntering to where I saw the light coming, lllel- o n ! ( T „ „ „ ;<\- „<\- _11 J just as if I didn't see it at all and was just walking along promiscuous like. I went about fifty yards when I came to a bridge or what they call culvert, that carried the road over a bit of a creek that runs into Anvil Creek, and comes down with no end of a rush after a thunderstorm or a heavy shower. Just as I got to one end of the bridge, thelight got to the other, and then I saw at the end of the lantern as pretty a slip of a girl as ever I'd wish to set eyes on, clane made as a mountain goat, her black hair hanging in long glossy ringlets on her shoulders. She looked a trifle pale, but that might have been the light and the clouds and the roads, and all together. When she gpt.to the bridge she stopped and began looking about on the ground, houlding the lantern down so that she might see the better. There was just the chance I wanted to scrape acquaintance, so over the bridge I wint, and coming up alongside of the girleen says I, ' Whkt is it you've lost, my darlin' ?' Ne'er a word she answered me, and she didn't even look up, as if she'd heard me. Perhaps, thought I, the poor girl's frightened at being met by a lump of a boy alone on the road, so I said ' Don't be alarmed, my darlin'. You haven't anything to fear trom me, and if you've lost anything[Til help ye to find it with all the ^pleasure in life;' still not a word, and she went on looking and looking about, as if I hadn't been there at all. ' Well,' said I, * it's only manners to answer a civil question ; and yemighthavesaid, "Thank'ye sir," or "Go to the devilj" or tiny other civil answer.' Not a worfi, pr a turn of the head, but always the 8ame7eager'searching. ' Bedad,' thought I, at last,JI have it, the poor craytur's deaf or she's an innocent. Here goes to try!' With that I-put out my hand with the intention of laying hoult of her by the arm, not with any improper idea, but only to let her know if she was'djeaf that there was somebody there, when she jinacLea sudden spring to the end of the bridge, *ais6d the lantern high up into the air with, one hand, and with the other pointed dowh to the opening under the roadway, and at 0ie'eatne time turned upon me a face upon whichTtfas marked such mingled horror and fcopg^taiBery as I shall never forget if I Uve^lbe as puld as Mathuseley. I also went with^ns bound to jthe spot, looked down at &6<lab6 indicated by the pointing finger, and could fcee^—nothing. One look was sufficient to satisfy me of that, and I turned round to tell her so, when you may fancy I was a bit staggered it findii no traces of either girl or lantern. Therew^ no place where she could have hid, for each side of the roadway was clear for a good distance; and her white dress could have been seen, even if she'd blowed out her lantern. I listened, but I couldn't even hear the rustle of her clothes, and some o f you young chaps I dare say can tell by cxperi- ence how far a colleen may be traced by that, However, there I was, aU alone and no sign of the little famale fanomenon that wouldn't spake when she had a chance. < Well,' said I to myself, 'there's better fish in the say than ever was caught; and I'm not going to bother my head about a girleen that takes herself off in that indelicate manner, a f t e r making a fool of me into the bargain.' So back I went to the inn, consoled myself with a drop of whiskey, and got into a bit of a collogue with the landlady. I ys "Who I. is there living in these parts?" " Well," she answered, " there ain't no-1 body between us and the village. Mickey Nowlan's widow, with her darter, used to live in the empty cottage that you see atween here and the village, with all the garden overgrown. But she left very soon after her darter died." < "I'd have thought some one had been living close by, seeing that slip of a girl poking about theroad, with a lantern in her fist, as if she d lost a pound note and meant to una » The landlady stopped me with—" That's her!" What her ?" I asked. " Biddy Nowlan—she that died. And did you see her 1" " I don't know about seeing the girl that died, but I met a nate, good-looking, black- haired colleen, searching about the bridge with a lantern." That was her, I tell you. There's a many that's seen her, though more often it's only the light of the lantern that's seen. She don't do no harm, bless you; quite the other way, for whenever she's seen it's always a sign there'll be a flood, and when the water's up in the creek her lantern's always moving about at the end of the bridge to guide travellers safe across." I " That's dacent, anyway. And may I ax you, Mrs. Butts, how it was that she came to make a ghost of herself?" " She was engaged to be married to Phil I Ryan, an overseer at Duguid's, and they were only about a month off the day. Phil used to come up and see her of evenings, and one night that he had promised particularly to I bring her over something or other, I forget what, a heavy thunderstorm came on, the croeks all run down bank high, and regular rainy weather set in for the night. Poor Biddy knew that Phil would come, in spite of all the rain and floods, and so out she went with a lantern to be a guide to him at the T i r i t o k . I J j.1 _ 1 _ p i bridge. When she reached there she found that it was so covered with water that the roadway was not visible. She called and called, but received no answer, and after waiting up to the time when he might be expected, if he was coming at all, she went borne. Some uneasiness, for which she could not account, would not allow her to sleep, so just before daylight she once more lighted her lantern and went out. " This here creek," and the landlady pointed her short fat hand down to the bridge, "comes down flooded half an hour after rain begins, but it goes down just as soon after the rain stops. The morning was fine and clear, the rain was all off, and tho creek was down so that there was only just a narrow bit of a stream running in tho centre of it. Looking for she didn't know what, and led on by some awful presentiment of evil, she searched the ground, until, reaching the bridge, she found her lover's body lying cold and dead, half drawn under the bridge which had caught it, and had at least prevented its being swept away to where it might have been long before it was discovered. Of course she screamed and fainted on the body, and there she lay until found by some of the earliest passers by. She never spoke again, and though everything that could be done for her was done, by her mother and us women, she died on the day that Phil's body was buried. Ever since then she's been seen down at the bridge whenever there's bad weather coming on, and as you've seen her tonight you may depend upon it that there'll be flood in the creek before morning." " And was there a flood, Mr. Daly?" asked one of the ladies. " Sura enough there was, and a rare one too, by the same token, that I had to pass another day at the Inn, as the coach was unable to got along from Singleton." " And the lantern, did you see that again V questioned Frank. " What would I care about a lantern when there was only a ghost at the end of it?" answered Daly. « Come now, Mr. Daly, on the virtue of your oath/' and here Frank ^^ed orthodox forensic attitude, tone and manner fche " do you mean to tell us that you,ayou"g Irishman gave up the lantern and the possibility of its being carried by a hand ot flesn and in that craven manner T , " Well then," and Daly gave an irres^t bly comic look all round "as its put to me that way, I won't say but what I may havelooked out at night for the lantern in tjie hope of finding a warm little hand holding a grip of it." did "And now, sir, answer me, yes or no, you find it?" , " I'll tell ye, by-m-bye, for see theres the mistress making signs to us to go in to tay, and we'll all get into disgrace if we get bothering about and disturbing the family arrangements." And Daly escaped into the house, whither we at once followed him. And thus o u r s e a n c c w a s broken up. 