LOCAL NEWS. I The Bellringere, as the talented .Lyncli family of- public entertainers' arc termedj^wiil rc-appear in this town on Monday next, after an absence of several yea~s. The amusing pro grammes which formerly proved so popular with playgoers, will again&e; presented. Owing to the non-arrival of HisHonor Judge Harding, in consequence of the protraction of the Bockhampton sittings, the Circuit Court in Maryborough will not open until Monday morning, when the criminal business 'will be taken. The body of Mr. David England was dis covered on Tuesday last, washed ashore on the beach at the lower White Cliffs, Fraser's Island, about 10 miles from the spot where his boat is supposed to have capsized. The dir. covcry was made by Mr. Wheeler, a resident on the island, who at once reported the cir cumstance. Mr, Lowry proceeded to the Bay last night in the steamer Jessie to bring up the body of the uufortunate man, and on arrival the funeral will take place. The Oddfellows, of which fraternity deceased was a respected member, arc requested to assemble for the pur pose of participating in the funeral rites. The Bockhampton 'Blondin' appeared on his tight rope on several evenings recently, the attendance of the public beiug large, as is usually the case at free entertainments. On Monday night he dropped his balancing pole, which broke on reaching the ground, aud oue of the picccs struck down a child, inflicting some slight injuries. The town band made a bargain to provide music cach even i -g, and well performed their share of the contract, but ' Blondin' was, up to last night, deaf to the bandsmen's claim for promised remuneration. This sort of thing is of too frequent occurrence with this class of public entertainers, and wc mention this fact for the benefit of our Gympie friends, who may fall into the same trap. This weekly meeting of the Committee of the Maryborough hospital was held on Tuesday af:crnoon. Prcscnt-'-The Vice- President (H. Walker), Messrs. H. J. Gray, E. Sykcs, T. Dickins, and W. Barus. The minutes of last meeting were read and confirmed. Leave of absence was granted to the medical officer (Dr. Sugdcn) for a few days, Dr. Power consenting to take charge in the meanwhile. Some dis cussion then took place as to the advisability of laying the water on to the main building, but no definite resolution was passed. The secre tary was, however, directed to make some I enquiries as to details and other particulars ' required, and report at the next meeting, when the matter will be further considered. A cheque for benevolent purposes was then signed. , In connection with the project for the estab- ' lishment of a new refinery in Maryborough, we ! have iu a previous issue recorded the cheerful and gratifying condition of affairs and the spiiit with which the project was taken up by the investing public. It is a hopeful 6ign that that eager spirit is being maintained, and that there is every desire to so enlarge, in any legitimate direction, the number and import ance -of our local industries, Wc learn that the i local applications for shares continue to be received, aud have already attained a most satisfactory number. We have already, re ferred to the 'caution 'so eagerly published by the Queensland National Bank, aud the other occult movements on the part of that corporation to stifle the Company before even tbc publication of the prospectus, and now recur to the matter, being requested to correct a statement which has been published with a view to further injure the prospects of the Company. That statement, which appeared in a contemporary, is that the patent which the Queensland National Bank are afraid will be infringed was purchased by the B.mk for £50,000. If the amount stated was correct the public would properly conclude that the Bank had good financial grounds forcautioning the public agaiust supporting an alleged in fringemcnt, but as the 'consideration' given for the patent is mentioned in the registry of transfer as £500 only, the 'grounds' are rcduced in proportion. The matter is, after all one of a private business nature, and ought not i to have been accorded publication, but the ; ice having been broken, and the erroneous and perhaps damaging statement gone forth to the public, we are bound to open our columns to a refutation. Photessou P£pp£n'd scientific entertain, ments have attracted good audiences to the Town Hall on the last two evenings, but we observed that those audiences included few of the working classes. The latter perhaps have an idea that the ' science festivals' announced by Prorcssor Pepper are dry dissertations on subjects interesting only to those highly edu cated and posted in the technicalities of prac tical and theoretical science. If so, they never made a greater mistake. The lecture which constitutes the first part of each evening's pro gramme, is a singularly graphic and deeply in teresting description of certain discoveries in modern science, affectiug objects and circum stances met with iu every person's daily life illustrated by means of extensive paraphernalia with practical experiments curious enough to interest alike manhood and childhood, and generally calculated to add genuine amusement to the useful iustructiou which they undoubted 1 y convey. Last night the subject was ' Light and Color,' but to attempt to remember and describe the innumerable and diversified asto* mshing effects produced by the talented Pro fessor and his energetic son who assists him in the experiments, would be impossible with any ope less gifted than Trofessor Popper himself. The description of his most remarkable and | best known discoveries in the philosophy of light and optics, notably the ghost illusion, was per fectly well understood by thcaudience, and will probably set many studying how to produce ghostly visitors for the delectation cf their friends and households. The beautiful effects produced by the Oxy- hydrogcn kaleidoscope, given to the world by Sir David Brewster, and developed by Professor Pepper, were shown on a Hirge screen, and the utilisation of tr.is attrac tive but simple apparatus by English m mufae | turcrs, for the creation of new and unique drc6S I patterns, was explained and illustrated, the con clusion of this part of the lecture being enthu siastically applauded by the audience. Ou Tuesday night the second part cousisted of a series of dissolving views illustrating the history of aerial voyaging, from the first attempts at balloons and flying machines dowa to the recent ascents of the great Paris balloon ? this interesting subject was -graphically illustrated and amusingly treated by Pro fessor Pepper, whose abundant llUmor and colloquial style enables him to invest his lecture with unusual interest. List night, a series of photographs of the finest statuary in the world was shown *-n the screen aud fit tingly described. At the conclusion of ihe entertainment, Professor Pepper announced t.iat his entcrtQinmcnt8 would not be'coiitinucd. after-. Saturday, On that .afternoon the hall will be darkened and an entertainmcnt specially suited to children will be given. AT the Police Court on Tuesday, before the Police Magistrate, G. Thurocht pleaded guilty to drunkenness aud was fined 10a ; in default, 48 hours imprisonment. M. Andersen, also charged, with a like offence, forfeited his bill. G. Thureoht was hound over in £10 aud one surety of £10, to keep tho peace towards his wife, for three months. Ah Yce, charged by N. Blue with absconding from his hired scrvicei was fined 15s, with 3s 6d costs of Court ; in defaull, 1 days imprisonment. Yesterday, Mary Tulloch pleaded guilty to drunkenness ! and was discharged. 