ACADEMY OF MUSIC. Mi. B. Wheeler's company opened st the Academy of Music, on Saturday, November 19, to a toll bouse, every teat, with a few exceptions in the stalls, being occupied, white many penona were refused admission to the gallery, which was packed to oversowing. The Wheelar family may always be counted a pan for a genaine entertainment, each member feeing a good comic singer, while Mr. Wjburd is a strong reinforcement to tbe vocal ranks. The entertainment on Saturday wai entitled 'The Tourist abroad ; or. the- search for the perfect Tuber,' a motical comedietta oaa sistiog of songs, duet*, and dances, while the absurdity of tbe play, in which these vooal and terpsicborean items are introduced, was provo cative of endless mirth. The caste was a« fol lows :— Doolittle, an agent of the Pennsylvania Society of Investigation, Mr. Wyburd;Johanoee Bcbfaus and Julius Coffee, Mr. Frank Wheeler; Barney OWeeL a guide, and Mrs. O'Connor, Mr. Ben. Wheeler; MoUieCOonacr, Mrs. B. Wheeler. The ccenery was arranged by meant of a series of panoramic views at the back of the stage, some of which were well executed, notably tbe battery and New York harbor; burning of tbe ship Briar Holme ; the Devil's Glen by mon ligbt ; Donnybrook Fair ; and the grand alle gorical picture, the origin of the hup. Toe songs -md dances were aU effectively rendered, most of them being of the popular Hibernian tjpe. Mrs. Wheeler in 'Killaraey' and ' Barney O'Neal' obtained deserved applause, ?'her rendition of both somts being *erv arood indeed. Mr. Wheeler has evidently lost none of his freshness, and in the charaoter of Barney was exceedingly fanny. He sang ' My nstivo land eo green' and ?* The blarney' in good style, ?cd in the ghost scene with JoUos Ooffee, whom he beguiles to tbe Devil's Gien *t midnight by meant of a rose, he kept the audience in roars of latagfater. Mr. Frank Wheeler was as nsual hrimfnll of fan, hit act ing in the laat-mentiooed scene being osje of the best bits of nigger drollery we hare teen for a long tn&e.; Hr. Wybuxd.too, deserve* a word of praice for his scogt. Tbe tosna ?attUei « Barneys Courtship,' by Mr. and Mrs. Wbeoter, and a doable Irish jig, by the sssne ooaple, wsto both successful. 