;:.; : ;/SW-^r-~'^''iS^'yK That one baker raises bread light enough to attract tbe attention of the police. ^ . ? .-,. That people think it is nonsense to have a non-resident Inspector of Nuisances. ? That the Rock Flat cricketers will long remembor tho gorgeous feed at Tolbar. That a meeting of tho Cooma Board Directors Stock and pasture Act took place on Wednesday and was adjourned until Thursday fort night. That Cooma Municipal Council ought to erect a weighbridge on Mar ket-square. That Cooma Bench Apologetically fined the Mayor of Cooma on Wed nesday last in the case of nerving grog within unlawful hourson the Sibbath, uut ninuo oui- iats case to ui oj ion times greater enormity. That five guinea* are charged for the overland journoy by first-class carriage from Sydney to Melbourne, and £4 for second-class, up to the 31st instant. ? . That tho electoral list will bore vised at Cooma, Bombala, and Eden on Tuesday next. ... Tlmt tho Mayor, of Cooroa was fined a shilling by oho Police Magis trate and Alderman Body, J.P,, on Wednesday last for supplying spirits at his public-houso on Sunday. . That- wheat in Yass is 3s. 0 d, to 3i. 7d. a bushel, and flour £9 to £10 per That 'Justices* justice' decided in Cooma last Wednesday that a publi can who disposed of liquor dining prohibited haurs on Sunday was a lesser offender than the man who drank tho grog — in short, the man who liquored up paid 10s., and the publican Is, That one of tho commercials in Con i im this wt-ok says the business men do care a ' rap' for trade. That one of the alderman sat up on the Mayor of Cooma, and let him down easily, Out popped it on Pal to make up. That floods in Missouri, America, have done damage to tho tune of four million dollars. That the libol action *of Moore against tho Bulletin for a thousind pounds was to be heard last Thurs day. That nno.her outbreak of bush rangers is uxpected at ttonalla, in the notorious Ned Kelly country. That in Etogland'cliaro are 15,018 duly qualified medical practitioners ; ii| Ireland, 350*; and in Scotland, 3454. That Mr. Henry Solomon J.P,, late cf Edon, diod nt Surry Hills on the 1st instant, uged 08 years. That a Son of Tempurancc in Coomn was calling in all hands last Thurs day to ha V6 a glass of wine, and a fow loose swells were there. That some ol tho strongest objec tors to Bradlangh, the atheist, taking a scat in the British House of Com mons arc Roman Catholics! That Mr. John Harris is the suc cessful tenderer for the stage fittings for Cooma School of Arts. That the Cooma police intend to rcprcEti tho evil of tin-kuttling at weddings. That the Itev. Canon Dniilt is on a visit to Sydney. ' ? : That the Australian Mutual Provi dent Society have built fine oiliccs at Goulburn, and tho local agent, Mr. D. McLeod, has a largo business. ^Tliat Bombala Court House, which in to cost £3300, is nearly finished. That Senior-constablo Church, of Bega, is likely to be transferred to Cooma. That Mr. J. J. Howoll has ad vertised the sale of Sonibr-constable McClelland's effects, and many people are really sorry Mr. McClelland is leaving Cooma. That Mr. J. J. Howoll gets a better price for sheep in Cooma at auction I than the knights of the hammer down the country.' , . That if the Nimitybclle people ! dp not -look out, the post and tele graph office -will not he built, but a house purchased for the purpose. ' That 'the only business done at Cooma Municipal Council last Tues- : day was. to call for tenders for the , removal of the rocks in Commis- ? sioner- street,and that Messrs. Spring : and . Walker were the first to draw public attention to it.' ; ' '? ' V ! That two clergynien have, been j visiting the' Hugundi'a ghost. ' ? . That Mr. Fair, Government clerk of works, was in Oooma, and he is visiting Kiand f ij, INi mlty bel le, 'Bom- i bala, and the towns down the Mouii- j tains, and will go back to Goulburn : via Braidwood., ..... ... . ' ; That the medium near Cootralan- . tia is sharp. '??'?'. ??'?? ? That fresh fish was sold in Cooma on Thursday at 9 J. per Ib., and that ? a local agent for the Sydney Fish ' .Co. would make as big a pile as any miller. .'..''. That a Bombala resident is about to pay a visit to Cooma to buy pigeons for the handicaps on Queen's Birthday, and will not have any' large dealings with tumblers unless they. are given in. -?-?-'? - - . That Spring has spruined his arm selling tin-ta', and that most ?bf-liis! edsto'mers are undei a cloud with Barrett's twist. :i .;;,.' .'? ??'?. -1 '' ; * (That' Cooma weather has been; threatening, but little rain has fallen. y^hat l7«slecti6Dfe of .the aggros- j gatoarea of 38OObdil«ci'es were taken up at Gooma Ifipd Office last Thurs 4«y.-;vJv,.-'--. ^ry^w^-'- .?;- ??? J Thatitisnrranaed that the Star of | Bsn-idale Lodge of Oddfellows, G.U. Order, wilt be opened next Saturday. That Mr., J. E. P. Walker will HUrtlho Qiifidj^«mplArH' Lodge Rt Lecsvillc to -day, That there will bo another big sale of sheep at Mr, J. J. HowoU's yards nest Thursday. That o: .private company In Yass haR sovoral diggors prospocting about Micalago, and lias iwuureil a l-irgo minine lease. That England imports every year £9,500,000 worth of pork. That the Queenfi'bnd Ilnilway was opened to St&uthorpo; on Tuesday. That one of the N-»w Ireland immi grants refused to go to Fail-Held, near Sydney, becauno there were wild beasts then;, but thn Itnlian was led to understand othurwise. Tlmt tho Qucaubeyan canard about thohoi'seWhippingurAu ndilor ought to bo shcutud hoino to ' Truth ful John.' That Mr. Hiitchitinon his arrived safely in tho Alpine regions. That Mr. J.' A. McDonald and the residents of McLuighlin Kiver nro about to apply for a Public Scliool on tho Square Range Run. That the Kiandi-A people arc about to petition tho Works Department to line Seymour streets with »i-ft tutorial. That a man got on an Adaminaby horse tho other evening, and when he woke up ho was on the broad of his back, studying nstronoray. That two Queanheyan luirikius, named Archibald McDonald and Michuel Rolfo, have been sent to gaol fur Kuven days; and another, uainud Uulmund, jot a weuk for re fusing to pivo evidence. That Michael McNamara was fined Is., and Stuart Leo 40s. That tho half of an opal inino in Queensland has been sold for £4000. Thut the Q(ieanl)eyan farmers have sont three hirgo waggon lo.ids of wheat to Bruiilwood. That the population nf the Br.iH wood district is: — Males, 373:); females, 3192 ; total, GU25. In 1871, the population was 11,422. 1 hut a young commercial traveller fiskod a landlady who keeps an hotel ntApsley facetiously for some whisky nnd oats, and Mrs. MacStirgins told him, ' Wo keep, our oats for horses' — not usses i' :' That Messrs. S. McDonald, J,P., and Samuel Maxwell, of Nimity bello, exhibited in Cooma yestorday a nice qnnrlz specimen nnd two small nuggets of gold from Rydra. That tenders for rumoving the rocks and filling up the guttors in Commissioner street will ha rccoivud l-y Cooma Municipal Council till Tuesday,- 17 th instant. That a company has bucn forinod to test the rout at Kydra, near Niinitybcllo. That Rap is going to do tho Saber exercise at Bomljula. 