ABE WALLACE : I A Story of tiie West After the Manner _of Bret Haiite. Wiiat'b er matter wid yer?' demanded Abo Wallace, with a not uuatnral petulonco undor the oiroamatanoes. ' What or yer lingerin' around that visage or miuo for? Can't yer rasp tbat oountonauoe P' Obviously he couldn't. For nearly an hour ho had strapped his razors and mowod dili gently, but barbor though ho was of a thou sand, tiarlnr extraordinary to Leaping Ante lopo IJan, bo seemed to mako no headway agiinct Abo's bristling bidgoof manhood. 'EI yor rnzors won't out, shoot 'em oil. Ye'srme? Shoot 'em off,' and tho hand some, ennburuod minor oomposod himself for tho uuvc-1 operation. 'Is the barber at homo?' naked a low, sweet, musical voiae, entering tho door at thit moment. Ho started. No yellow wator running from his pan had ever looked ob sweot to him as that Yoioe. It percolated him, and he arose from the chair a now man. Tho rough lite passed away from him. The crust formed by bis habits and liardenod by his surroundings waa broken. ' Permit mo, madam, lo assure you that this individual beloro you ia tho barbor,' Baid Abe, and his new dignity sat eaBily upon him and seemed a part of him. 'I am ou my way from Boston to the SandwioU Islands,' said tbo yonng girl, quietly, ' nnd our oarriage broke down. I thought I would improve tho opportunity and havo my hair banged. Ob I no, no,' sho exoiaimed, as Abe gallantly drew forth a thousand dollar draft on Now York. ' Not for tho world. I'vo Eix millions of dollars, not only iu my own right, but in my pocket. I will pay for any Bervice.' . As tbo barbor proooedod with his task, Abe walked the Bhop norvously. A presnce of danger oppressed him. Tho oheBtnut ourla on bis forehead grew damp with anxiety. He knew lifo, ia his rough way, and ho know barbers. Tbo fair young girl would be no match for the frontier hair dresser, if the worst should come. And why should it not oome 1 Had Bhe not millions in.her pookot ? Ho glanood at tho tiny foot planted squarely and firmly ou the Btool before her, and reoognisod oharaoter. He knew nothing of Boston, bnt he understood feet. . ' And do you live in this funny plaoe te he?' asked the girl, smiling at Abo'B reflection in the glass. 'I do,' signed Abe. ' Misfortunes havo oast my bark of lifo high upon this barren shore, and loft me with only the shelter the eoawoeda offord.' ' To he ! how odd. Ouoh I' But Abo grasped him and laid him upon the floor. Tho barber had made a divo for the dainty poaket and had failod. Leaping Antelope Kan was roused. Suoh au attaok found no apologists among the wild, rough miners. Whatever tbey might be inherently, they would tolerate nothing of the kind in the barber. ' Away to the dull thud 1' domauded one more intelligent than tbe rest. And they oohoed tho ory till tho moonlit air was shivered and the beams orept away con vulsively. They may havo expeoted him to beg, but he eyed them stornly. ' Oh 1 my I what will thoy do with him ?' aBked the beauty with one eye. She bad no need to epoak. The thrill ol that eye Btrnok a ahord in Abe Wallace. ' They'll sprain hiB neok, darting,' mur mured Wallaoe, ia tender acoontB. This feeling waa'now to him, but he understood ' Graoious I and may I see him ?'? whisperod Bhe with tbe other eyo. Abe's answer was lost in the sullen roar of the orowd. Out under the grand old trees that fringed tho mines. Oat undor the whispor of the leaves. Oat through tho, shadows. Tho wind Bwept down from the sierras, velvet winds, but pitiless. They shook Bweet voices out oi their satin Rarmonts, but not a plead ing tone for that human barber, soon to be neithor barber nor human. The ropo was around his neok. Willing hands were ready. A oloud floated aoross the faoe of the moon, but eho struggled from bohind it, held by tho horror of tho soono. ' Hold 1' oommonded Abo. And thon ad dressing tho barbor, he aekod: 'You are JuBtioo of the Peaoe, aro you not?' 'I am,' responded tho oondemnod, ia low, steady tones. 'Thon marry ns,' said Wallaoe, drawing Ihe Boston girl's arm within hiB own. ' Yon do take thia woman for yonr wedded ' ^ wifo?' nskod tho barbor, with a strange glitter in bin oyo. ' I do,' responded Abo. ' Yon do tako thia man for your weddod husband ?' Inqtii rod the barbor, with a peculiar ouiilo. ''To, he I I Btippiit ?, io, hoi' whispered tho musioal voioe. '? Then 1 pnmunuoo you man ond wi'o. Go lo llo devil.' Tbo rope tightened, but as bo went up tho liailier microti » wild, deiuouiau laugh. Then with tho shadow of i ho elorras gather ing around liiu, lie hung doad. Try as ho might Abo could not Bbako''ofif5 -' tho iniluenoo of that laugh. It was a ghost in bis life. 'My God I' ho soroamed, aa ho sprang from bin toat a day or two aflorward. ' I understand it now.' ' Understand what, love?' asked hiB beau tiful bride, looking up from tho blto of an apple. ' I know why ho lnughod. I know why tho barbor laughed with his dying breath,' ho moauod, 'Graoious goodnoBBl What was it for t' Bhe demandod, with dimpling smiles. 'Beoauso bo diod without giving : us n marriage oorlifloate.' With a wiM shriek tho Boston girl sank dead at his feet. Tho barbor was avongod. — Brooklyn Eagle. 