NEWS AND NOTES. Important news by cable will be found pub lished elsewhere. The particulars of a most disastrous accident to a boat’s crew of the Cerberus by the ex- plosion 'of a torpedo at Queenscliff on Satur day, will he found in another column. Five, lives were lost by the occurrence, the cause of whioh at present is a mystery. The event of to-day will be the anniversary celebration of the Ballarat .Miners’ Association, which will take the form of a pionic at the Botanio Gardens, and bids fair to assume very large dimensions. The affair has been entered upon with great heartiness by the association and those interested in its welfare, and there can be no doubt some thousands of partici pators in the fun and good cheer will assemble at the gardens. TYe need not detail the pro gramme for the day, which has been well adver tised, but may say that everything has been done which can be done to ensure the success of the gathering. There will be sports on shore and upon the lake to suit the fancy of all. One suggestion, however, it is left for us to make, and that is that the yacht club might do a graceful thing, and minister to the 1 plea sure of many of those present who have never seen the sight of the Wendotiree flotilla in racing 'trim; by giving a display of yachting prowess and engaging in a contest during the day. The sight would be attractive, and as pleasurable to the yachtsmen as to the public. ;\Ve trust the suggestion will be adopted. The first step in the celebration will be a procession from the Alfred Hall to the lake, where steamers will be ready to convey ticketholders to the gardens, where the enjoyments of the day will be experienced. The afternoon, we may state, has been declared a holiday in the city. : Elsewhere we give the details of an inquest held upon the body of a miner named George Yining, who met with a swift and unexpected death in the mine of the Keep-it-Dark Tribute Oompany, upon the Speedwell lease, Ballarat East, last Friday. The evidence revealed that familiarity with danger had bred contempt for it in the minds of the tributors, who were working in a most careless way, lowering an iron- handled bucket, down the shaft by meanß of a common hook, in a shaft the slabs in which were consider ably apart,. and upon which if the bucket, rested for a moment it was bound to become unhooked. This appears - to have occurred, and the bucket was precipitated upon Yining, fracturing his skull and causing speedy death. The'jury found a verdict censuring Flannagan and others concerned in the tribute for man slaughter, but declining to bring in a finding of manslaughter. We have received the following amounts in aid of the Enight family:—Mr Sweeney, Ballarat, 10s; the Misses Grace, Ballarat East, 10s. At about half-past 8 o'clock' on Saturday evening, Mrs Hoskings the wife of the Town Missionary, residing at the corner of Yictoria and King streets, heard a child crying in the front garden attached to the house. Going out she found lying near the gate a female child, aged about twelve monthß. The infant was clad in the following articles of clothing, yiz., a white straw hat trimmed with blue ribbons, a pompadour jacket, two red flannel petticoats, white stockings, and patent leather lace-up boots. The little waif will be brought before the Town Court this morning. The Rev. J. A. Stuart preached both fore noon and evening yesterday in theLydiard street Presbyterian Church. The text of the sermon in the morning is contained in the last clause of the 20th verse of the 2nd chapter of Galatians —"And he gave himself for me.” The evening discourse waß on the subject of “ Paul’s, straits,” and was re- delivered at the pressing request of the congregation. The church was densely crowded both forenoon and evening, and the collection the largest ever taken up. The committee of management have determined to enlarge the church—a work rendered necessary by the. brilliant preaching powers of the Rev. Mr Stuart. - . , \- Archibald Forbes, .who is at present attract-’ ing grand audiences in New York, is expected in Australia in May; but if the Boer rebellion is not quickly suppressed, it is by no means improbable ; that the famous war correspon dent will be requested'to proceed to the Transvaal. A great deal of destruction has recently been caused by fire on the grass lands of Messrs M’lntjjie and J. and W. Adams, in the Bejiufort'district. : —: On—Saturday Mr Daly, commissioner for New Caledonia at the Melbourne International Exhibition, visited Ballarat,’ accompanied by Lieutenant Martell. , The visitors arrived by the morning train, and were introduced to Mayor Lewis, who Bhowed them many of the favourite scenes in and around Ballarat There waß a trip to the . Band and Albion Consols Company’s works, the New Kohinoor, 4c., and afterwards Mayor Lewis accompanied tbe visitors to the Botanical Gardens, Lake 'Wen douree, Buninyong, Sebastopol, and other places. Whilst at Lake Wendouree Mr Daly and Lieutenant Martell bad the opportunity of seeing the yachts engaged in competition for the Stoddart Trophy. The visitors greatly admired the lake scenery and the gardens, and Mr Daly kindly promised to let the mayor have a variety of choice Beeds of flowers and plants from New Caledonia, now in the Exhi bition, for the purpose of adding to the beauty of the Ballarat Botanical Gardens. The visi tors highly appreciated the courtesy they expe rienced in Ballarat. On Sunday they went to Labona to be the guests of Mr G. G. Morton. , Quite -a sensation was, we are informed, created on Friday, in a certain establishment in Ballarat through the proprietor receiving a bill which he was not prepared to meet. It eeemß that the tradesman referred to is al most singularly sensitive in money matters, and that he immediately took his departure, leaving a note on the counter vaguely setting forth tbe probability of a tragic result. For tunately nothing very serious eventuated. The plans for the new ehedß, which the Bal larat Agricultural and Pastoral Society has determined to. erect for the protection of sheep at the champion sheep shows, having been prepared by Mr Brazenor, the Bociety architect, tenders were on Saturday received for the work. The pens are to be 360 in number; but the society after discussing ways and means, determined to proceed with the erection of a portion of the building (192 pens only) until quite satisfied that the required money for the completion of the whole will be forthcoming. A Bum . of £177 .has been re ceived in donations, but a much larger amount Is anticipated. The tender of Thomas Farr was accepted for the job, conditionally on his consenting to complete the moiety of the work required at a rate proportionate .to his price for the whole. , The insurance companies with whom Mr Dawson had insured his property have not, it appears, come to terms with Mr Dawson with regard to his losses by the fire on Thursday night; but what is of more importance to property-owners and residents in the black, they have not removed the still-smouldering dibris of the fire, nor can Mr Dawson do so pending settlement of his claim. The result of this tardy aotion is that the risk is great of a second conflagration. Mr Dawson informs us that since the fire he has had three men on his premises to guard against a fresh outbreak, but in spite of this precaution the smoulder ing ruins of his store and stook have twice unnoticed burst out into flame. Vesterday one of the proprietors of our morning Con temporary, whilst looking into Mr Dawson’s yard, discovered the flame rising amongst a number of axe-handles and cases, and pre vented a second calamity. It iB to be hoped the insurance agents will take measures to- day to remove all cause of alarm. The Welsh Eisteddfod Committee met on Saturday night to settle accounts. Present— Mr J. Edwards in the ohair, and Messrs H. Lewis, H. Davies, G. E. Jones, E. Richards, and the secretary (Mr T. Williams). The cash taken at the door, morning and evening, at the late Eisteddfod amounted to £159 11s; dona tions received, £lO 6s; making the total re ceipts £169 17s. Accounts were passed for prizes and other charges amounting to £125 6s 9d. There is still owing about £l5 for unpre sented accounts, so that when all she expenses are paid there will be about £25 clear profit made out of the late gathering, which will be set aside for prizes next year. The committee decided to meet on Saturday evening next for the purpose of making a final settlement in connection with the late gather ing, and to take preliminary measures to arrange for next year’s Eisteddfod, which, judging from the number of prizes already promised, Will far Butpass all previous ones. .Votes of thanks Were then passed to Messrs Barnett, Samuel, and Sons, and Angener and Cos., for special prizes; to Mr Plumpton, for the interest taken by him in the welfare of the gathering; and to the editor of the Courier tor the assistance and encouragement given by his leading article of Tuesday last. A young man named Thomas Gordon, a resident of Dana street, was received into the Ballarat Hospital on Saturday suffering from a cut in the left arm, sustained through falling 'on a knife. His arm was promptly' dressed and bandaged, and he is now progressing satisfactorily. Another young man named Joseph Thompson was admitted into the Hos pital about 4 o'clock on Sunday murhibg, suffering from a Cut -in the right atm.. He stated that he had fallen on a bottle. Me bled so profusely along thestreet tbatin some placeß it was thought advisable to cover up the traces of the blood. ; It is reported that ori Thursday night last the tailoring establishment of Mr Lyle, Dana' street, was burglariously entered, and a quan tity of clothing, Ac.;-valued at £2o,’ stolen therefrom. i- Mrs Spencer, who suffered so severely from injuries sustained in the late railway accident; is now completely - recovered. .She left the Hospital in the latter end of the week. : It is stated that one of our citizens has issued a. writjagainßt: another for. £lOOO damages for alleged : breach of agreement. ' . Mr Akehuret, P.M., presided on the City Police Court bench on Saturday morning, and fined one’person charged with having been drunk in the customary., amount. Martha Cull,'- on the certificates '.of. Drs. Bunce and Bartleman, was committed to the Ararat Lunatic Asylum. ■' Mr A. Anderson presided in the Town' Court, and fined four persons, charged with havingbeen drunk, in. the usual amount. . ; A middle- aged man; who had been lodgbd in the Town lobk-Up on Saturday, charged with having: been - drunk, was found, on . Sunday morning to bn in such'a deplorable state of ill-’ health. that /Dr Jermyn was.seht for, and on his. arrival it was found that the man was suffering from inflammation of the bowelß. He was removed; to the Hospital for treat ment. ; A man arrested'at'the Western railway station by Constable .G’Grady, on a charge Bf drunkenness, and who at the lOck-up developed considerable ferocity, attempting to kick'and bite O'Grady, was the only prisoner in the City, house of detention last night. Five persons, charged with having been drunk were confined in the Eastern cells on Saturday evening. : Henry Jones was arrested on Saturday afternoon by Detective Hyland, charged with having. unlawfully in his possession a buggy rug, for which an owner is required. The rug is, apparently, an imitation bear skin, and is lined with a broad grey plaid. . The number of patients remaining in the Hospital at the end of the week waß 101, of whom 21 were females. The number of males admitted during the week was 20, and of females 7. During the week 10 males were discharged, and 10 females; and 2 males and 1 female died.. The out-patientß treated during the week numbered 571, and of these there were 133.0n the new list. The medical officer for the ensuing week is Dr Raddiffe, and the surgical officer, Mr Whitcombe. There is a feeling on the part of some of the farmers at Learmonth that the farmers in that district should unite in an association, with the object of testing by boring operations whether there are any deep leads trending through the locality. The expense, we may remark, would be but trifling, and the result might be highly advantageous. The rumour that a man named William Johnson, residing at Carngham, had attempted to shoot his Bon with a gun a few days since, and reported in the Star on the 2nd instant, has been confirmed. He will be brought before the police court at Carngham to answer the charge on Tuesday next. The usual monthly meeting of the Smythes dale Borough Council, on Friday last, lapsed for want of a quorum. The council will meet on Tuesday evening next. Our Smythesdale correspondent writes:— “This township.was honoured for a short time bn Thursday last with the presence of a king, not the William of * glorious, piouß, and im mortal memory,’ but of a monaroh less known to historic fame, called in vulgar par lance, ‘ King Billy,’who was accompanied by his faithful henchman Jack. His Bable ma jesty,'who is-perhaps considerably on the Bhady side of that period of life which the poet has. somewhere described as the ‘ sere and yellow leaf ’ is Btill apparently hale and active, and though it cannot be said of him that he looks 'evsry inch a king,’ he may safely be Baid to be a very king of beggars. His majesty, moreover, during his visit did not consider it infra dig. to collect his own taxes from door to door, but expressed his perfect willingness to accept even * a copper ’ in payment, or anything else, ‘in kind' his admiring subjects might be pleased to beßtow upon him.”- ’ During a heavy thunderstorm which passed over Boroondara on Tuesday (says the Age ) a farmer named Mahoney and his Bon had-a narrow escape'from being struck by lightning. They were both engaged on the Boroondara Poultry Company’s property felling timber, when the lightning struck and killed a grey hound belonging to Mahoney, lying a few yards away under a tree. During the course of his remarks at the opening of the Dandenong State school on Friday (reports the Telegraph), Major Smith alluded to what is now known as the “patron age question.” He expressed himself . as strongly opposed to the system of Ministers making appointments in departments, and said that in the education branch it was highly, undesirable that any political influence should be üßed in tbe promotion of teachers. Major Smith said that he fully endorsed the action taken by the Commissioner of Railways in leaving the appointments to Mr Elsdon to make; and he intended adopting the same plan in his own department. . The South Australian correspondent of the Argue writes:—“The ingathering of our harvests is well nigh over, and the result is lamentably poor. It is doubtful whether the average will reach, five bushels per acre. This, with low prices,: is a poor return to those farmers who have'paid high prices for their land.” On Sunday week (says the Observer) his Grace Archbishop Goold, of Melbourne, will, at St. Mary’s Roman Catholic Churoh, Kyneton, administer the rite of confirmation. There will be about 600 postulants. The municipal endowment question is not (the Melbourne correspondent of the Camperr down Chronicle observes) to be shelved in the way proposed by Mr Berry, if the state of public feeling at the present time in reference to it is to' be relied on. It would, no doubt, disturb Mr Berry's mind very much, had he to raise the subsidy from £200,000, as at present proposed, to £310,000, the original amount, inasmuch as they would leave him £llO,OOO short in his ways and means. As he has,-however,. taken the £200,000 from the land fund; Which tisCd tb go td the railway account, to make up his estimated revenue this year, he would not have much to Com plain of if .the House were to insist oh the restoration of £llO,OOO to the municipal sub sidy, which is not improbable. Unusual sport (the Warmambool Examiner states) fell to tbe rod of one of two gentlemen fishing on the Hopkins last Friday. In fishing deep for large bream one of them hooked a good-sized octopuß fairly in the centre of the back. The ugly monster was treated with Care, and for sbme time it afforded good sport, whilst giving its captors an opportunity of Observing its movements in tbe Crater. It waß at length towed to a place where its destruc tion was ensured. An oCtopUs of the size described would make an unpleasant acquain tance for a timid bather. In quoting our paragraph relative td the action of the Benevolent Asylum Committee in regard to patiCnta from St. Arnaud, the Maryborough Standard remarks :—“ Tbe St. Arnaud Council has found another output for the helpless and insane pertion of their in habitants, whd formerly were despatched to Maryborough undbr the elastic Vagrancy Act.” It would, appear, therefore, to have been a practice of the St. Arnaud authorities to foist their lunatics upon other districts, a practice that is highly reprehensible. An agonising anecdote (the Oippsland Tima states) comes from Mysia. A cow's tongue was caught by a wire snare intended for rabbits, end when found the pobr creature was in great agony, her tongue, to which the snare was fixed, hanging out of her mouth. Her owner tried to drive her into a yard, but before she reached it she trod oh the wire and literally tore her tohgue out of her mouth. She was then shot. The Kyneton Guardian has been informed on excellent authority that on Saturday night last Sir W. F. Stawell, the Chief. Justice, along With his associate, Who were anxious to reach Melbourne by the late train from Castle maine, had to travel ib a crowded second-class compartment. We are not of thoße who think that Sir William would be Contaminated by such plebian contact, but we do confess to having felt a little surprise when we were in formed that on the same train Messrs Fisher and M'Coll, M’s.L.A, had a first-class compart ment to themselves. The circumstance re quires some explanation, but perhaps it only ariseß from the fact that the Chief Justice, who is. very particular as to his company, travelled in the second-class compartment by choice. It is stated in tbe Melbourne correspondence of the Oippsland Mcrcuvij that the Exhibition is falling away in attendance, and little interest is manifested in it now. It Beems a “ fierce contest’’ has bben decided upon by the radical, party. The. Melbourne correspondent of the Oippsland Merbury asks: —“ Will the Age Btand by tbe liberal party in the fierce contest now about to take place ? If it does, not, I hear that several gentlemen will again consider the advisability of re-considering their proposition to start a consistent liberal daily newspaper, which, though in abeyance, has not altogether been abandoned.” At Wednesday last at Kynetob, during the thunderstorm (the Guardiah states) a flash of lingtning struck the telegraph wites Close to the Post-office, and travelled along them into the office. One of the operators, Mr A Howes, received a slight Bhock, being knocked off his stool. The gaspipe which Crosses the wires was cut through and the gas ignited. Mr Spencer, the plumber, who was engaged oh some work in the-office at the time, felt a slight shock on the hand. No damage was done to the instrument, as the stop was on at the time. . ■ i According to the Age nearly £BOO has been contributed to the fund for the relief of M’Carthy, the poor fellow who recently lost his; wife, and several.members of his family by a terrible bush fife at Franklin Harbour) South Australia:' ' Oj-'v-.- : At Easter-the Melbourne BicycldGlub in tend making, a circular tour of the Western District. The route will be rut: Geelong, Colao; : ' Terang, and Mortlake tb Hamilton,- returning ' by Streatham; Ballarat, ’ arid Geelong. .Intelligence has been received via San Fran-- cisco (a cable message in the Age reports) that' small-pox has broken out in the Sandwich Islands, and is -committing great..-ravages, among the natives. At Honolulu especially the mortality is excessive. A Severe thunderstorm, accompanied by .vivid flashes of lightning,, passed over Gordon and Egertoh on Tuesday afternoon. The Ad vertiser states that the lightning struck one or two large trees in the vicinity of this township, completely shivering them, and scattering them into a thousand pieces ib every direction.’- A tree in Mr Edwards’. paddock was set on fire by the agency of the electric fluid. A huge maSB, resembling a ball of fire, fell from the firmament into Mr Satterthwaite’s kitchen, and thence into a bedroom, damagibg a portion of the ceiling of the house. We need not state that the occupants of the house became no little alarmed, especially Mr Satterthwaite, who, when the ball burst, received, to his amazement, a.portion of the fiery substance on the back of the head.' The rain came down ib torrents for about two hours, making the air perceptibly cooler.. On Wednesday there was another fitful shower or two, as well as thunder and lightning. Since then the .weather has been calm and pleasant, but sufficient rain has not yet fallen to refresh the vegetable king dom, and more is badly wanted by the mining companies, one of which has been compelled to dismiss a number of its employees in conse quence of the scarcity of. water. Mr J. K. Mayne, manager for Messrs Wm, M'Culloch and Go., at Echuca, was on Friday presented with a gold watch, and Mrs Mayne . received the gift of a gold negligee. Mr Mayne leaves for the head office. Briefly noticing Mr Service's review of the criticisms on his recent conduct when dissolv ing Parliament, we may (remarks the Qipps land Tima) dwell on his recall to public recol lection, and to public execration, of' that crowning act of infamy, Black Wednesday, when, by a fitting apotheosis, the liberalism of the Berry creed was lifted to a place among its kindred gods. It was a strange coincidence, escaping probably general notice, that on the day of the banquet, Tuesday, 1st March, there should have appeared at the head of the obituary in the Argue, this notice of the death of only an obscure woman:—“On the 27th ultimo, at her residence, Cypress Villa, Regent street, Abbotsford, Emma Sophia Abcott (relict of the late Thomas Abcott), aged forty four years.” Only forty four years 1 Husband and wife alike have perished in penury by that felon stroke, which Mr Service truly likened to ‘paralysis.’ Black Wednesday is a text which for all time in Victoria will need no inspiration, else - might Mr Service, when denouncing it anew, have been prompted by that untimely end.” Under the heading “ A Dear Lunatic,” the Kyneton Guardian narrates that Patrick O'Shaughnessy was brought before Mr M. K. Armstrong, J.P., at the Kyneton Police Court a few days since on a charge of lunacy. He had been remanded on the previous Tuesday, by the police magistrate for medical enquiry. He was now declared fit to be discharged. In the meantime his treatment at the Hospital, at 18s per day, had cost tbe country £3 12s. Be* fore discharging him, the magistrate enquired how often the prisoner had been before police courts on. a similar charge of lunacy arising through drink. The prisoner professed to be unable to ' remember, the occurrence having been so frequent. He admitted to having been before the court at Kyneton once before, at Bacchus Marsh, at Bungaree, and at Ballarat, and to have spent three weeks in Ararat Luna tic Asylum. Altogether, this person must be oostly to the country. He is a farm labourer, and aB soon as he drinkß to excess he becomes raving mad. On the former occasion on which he came before the court at Kyneton, he was brought from Tylden bound with ropes. The magistrates dismissed the prisoner, regretting that he could not punish him for the drunken ness which brought on the lunacy. The prisoner thanked his worship, and begged a few shillings to'help him on to Bungaree, a request which waß not acceded to. Several cases of imposition on the Kyneton Hospital have been discovered. The Kyneton Guardian thinks one of the cases is worthy of notice, on account of the reason by which it was sought to justify the obtaining of medical assistance gratis. It was the case of the wife of a farmer of Woodend, who is re ported to be.in good circumstances, and when the collector called upon her she stated that she had gone to the Hospital as she was very short of money, “because her husband had been buying another large farm.” Saturday's Geelong Star reports the burning at Lara, on the previous night, of stables and horses belonging to Mr Branch, butcher, of Geelong:—“At half-past 9 o’clock at night the groom, who resides close to the stables, had retired,'When he heard the horseß making a great noise, and found the stables were on “s®. He, with the assistance of neighbours,' did his utmost to save the horses, but only managed to release one, which is so - severely burnt that no hopes are entertained of its re covery. -Four of the poor .brutes were roasted to - death,' and the building was completely demolished. l?he hay ehed was -burnt down, and four Baddies ehd bridles, four or fire seta of light harneSt, and three oh fotir seta of hi&Vy; harness were Consumed. The premises were insured in the Norwich Onion Fire In eurance effice, biit for what - amount we have beett unable to ascertain.'' Dhe JTdthilton Spettaldr records ah lihstio cesSfUl, but culpable, attempt to frighten a resident of Hamilton by “playing ghoßt" before him, as he was riding home at night. The proposed victim, however, had been warned, and was equal to the encounter. _ The ghost duly appealed, and seemed about 7 feet in height; dressed in White garments, in the centre of the road. The intended victim Baid nothing, hut got .off bis horse, went straight for the ghdst, and giving him a dig in the Stomach, and callihg out fob a certain Hamil ton policeman, several persons took to their heels and were very soon out of sight. Had the intended victim not been warned, or had any ladies happened to be walking along the road the consequences might have been eeriotis. ifhe prospectus of and dompaily to fidrry on the business of sugar-refining at the extensive buildings erected for the purpose at Rosb Town has been published. We notice (remarks the Argus) that though the primary object of the company is to refine imported cane Bugar, it is proposed likewise to make sugar from beet, and also to manufacture glucose for brewers. The prospectus seta forth the advan tageous position of the works, which Will be in direct railway communication with -all the parte of Victoria stirred by railways, and also the benefits likely to result to the farmer, should he-turn hie attention to the cultivation of Bugar-beet and barley, as well as- wheat, as it is well known that the special cultivation of the land for sugar-bret increases largely its productive power for the growth of grain Crops. Combination is becoming the rule amongst Australian farmers. A telegram in the Age states that upwards of 700 farmers have joined the Co-operative Company at Kiamß, New South Wales, for the sale of dairy and farm produce. It is proposed that the capital be £lO,OOO, and that the company commence operations in Hay. The Age states that an effort is being made by the friends of Hr G. G. Blair, late registrar of probates, to secure his re-inßtatement in the public service. A petition, addressed to the Government, is in course of signature by members of the legal profession, asking that he should bs restored to the service, and testi fying to -his ability and general efficiency during the many years he was in charge of the probate office. •An inquest was held on Friday at Sand ridge, upon the body of Enoch Nickless, aged seventy-one, late an officer in the Public Works Department, who was found drowned in the Sandridge lagoon. The evidence of deceased’s son showed that the former had been drinking on the afternoon of his death, and the medical evidence proved that death was caused by drowning. A cable message in the Age Btates that the leaders df the Irish Land League.haVe deter mined to ehow that they are not cowed by the passage of the Irish Coercion Act. Arrangements have bSen made for holding eimultaneouely in various parts of the cduntry a number of mass meetings. It is stated that no less than twenty such meetings will be held, and that the date fixed for the demonstration is Sunday, the 13th instant. The. authorities will probably prohibit such meetings, and there is gfave fear that col lisions between the military and' people iday ensue.' ’. ■ . . . j ; An Indian, named Hoyet (the Age states) committed suicide, at. Temora. He kept an eatiDg house, which was not remunerative. He cut his throat, and then threw a rope I aOroBB the. limb of a . tree, under which he had erefited a wOodefi platfdrm, and hanged himself. . On Friday the Minister of Education visited Dandenong; accdmpahied by St. Hontmahou, the Inspector-General of Schools for France; to open anew State school there. In the evening, (reports the Telegraph) the company were entertained at a banquet in the Mechanics’ Institute, when Major Smith made a speech containing matters of much interest, including the proposed classification of school teachers. M. Hontmahou also addressed those present in a speech, highly complimentary to the school Bystem of Victoria. The Minister of Hail ways; in replying td the toast of the “ Ministry," warmly ddtfodated the abolition of Ministerial patronage. The inspector of weights and measures for Kynetonshire made a raid last Friday on the weighing machines at the several railway, stations in the Kyneton distriot.. AtTylden, Fernhill, and Trentham stations on the Day lesford railway he seized the weights attached to the weighing machines for being un stamped. At Fernhill the machine was lib out of balance. At Kyneton station he seized the 141 b weight as being unstamped. The inspector has (the Guardian explaine) armed himself with the advice of Mr Kelleher, barrister, who has given an opinion that the Railway Department are just as amenable to the operation of the Weights and Measures Act as would be any other carrying agent or trader. Sutnmdnsea will be issued against the department for having unstamped weights in their possession. A summons was also to be issued against a butter hawker for obstructing him in his duty at the Kyneton station. The town and district of Csstlemaine have (says the Representative! received an acquisition in Mr J. M. Murphy, who has, commenced businesa as a chemist in Market Bquare. Mr Murphy was, for the period of seven years, assistant to Mr Briod, the well and favorably known chemist of Sturt street, Ballarat—a circumstance that, in itself, is credentials of efficiency. We understand also that ~Mr Murphy brings with him valuable experience acquired as army surgeon during the whole of the Crimean campaign and the more recent New Zealand ware. Another reward for . the faithful I The Geelong Evening Star learns that Mr J. Eden has resigned his position as bailiff in the dis trict, and that the appointment has been conferred on Mr W. Pittaway, the secretary of the local Reform and Protection League, and the gentleman who has been general manager of Mesßra Berry, Johnstone, and Kernot's election committee. The Tarrangovier Times judges, from the enthusiasm shown towards Mr M'lntyre throughout the electorate, hie selection as the constitutional candidate for Maldon has given much satisfaction to the large majority of electors. 