Notes of the Month. AFTER so many bungling attempts, Mhilism has at last ?**? achieved the assassination of the Czar. Two years have elapsed since war was declared against Alexander II. 's person by the secret tribunal that wields the insurrectionary forces of Young Russia, and from that day it has been carried on relentlessly, blow after blow, plot and catastrophe, following one upon another with startling rapidity, until one, not better devised, but luckier than the rest, reached a vital part, and conspiracy carried it over empire. Why this ferocious thirst for the life of a prince who was neither a maniac nor a tyrant, neither an Ivan the Terrible nor a Nicholas the Imperious ? It is wide of the mark to speak of the despotism of Russian sovereigns, or the corruption of the Russian Church, as if they explained the tragedy. Alexander II. perished, not for any tyrannical acts of his own, nor for his per sonal vices, nor for the debauchery of his clergy or his court. A bad man he may have been, but a bad Czar he was not. We would rather say that since Peter the Great no Czar has done more for Russia, not merely for her national wealth and aggrandisement, but for the welfare and happiness of the humblest classes of her people, than this man whom they have murdered. His emanci pation of Russian serfs is spoken of slightingly as a mere political measure ; but in reality it was an act of unparalleled magnitude — no less than the enfranchisement of twenty-three millions of souls by the stroke of his pen. Nor is it true that his giving liberty to the serfs was ' ' like presenting them with ruffles when they wanted shirts,' seeing that ten mil lions of servile families are now settled in holdings of their own, under the provisions of a wise agrarian law, by which, having bought out, not evicted (as we propose to do in Ire land), the landlords who stood in the way, he gave the people a right to their own soil. That man did not deserve ill of his country who, taking the village commune as his basis, instituted a complete system of local self-government for the nation; who purified the courts of justice, threw the profes sions open to women, raised the standard of education, in creased the number of universities, abolished the knout, and suppressed the slave trade in the neighbouring countries of Tartary, Khiva, and Bokhara. Alexander II. fell as a proto martyr, at the dawn of a great revolutionary era. for the cause of authority and rule. His murder was neither the punish ment of a despot nor the protest against an unpopular form of government ; it was a blow struck in the name of a new faith, a political and social Thuggism, against all that monarchy typifies or protects, all that belongs to the established order of things — religion, property, government, marriage, the king, the priest, the soldier, and the family. The axe so long lying at the root of the tree of modern civilisation has been seized by the rash hand of the Nihilist, and the first blow has fallen. By whose hands — Communist, Camorrist, Fenian, Socialist — it shall next be lifted, and where the great international revolt against society will strike its next blow, are questions which, to all who can read the signs of the times, are fraught with terrible jnterest. ? IT is generally known by this time that our Bishop, with a wise and noble liberality, has made such arrangements that the . Church, if it will, may obtain from England, for the projected Melbourne mission the services of those gifted missioners, the Eev. George Body and the Eev. E. Knox-Little. In taking this step all who know the Bishop know him to have been actu ated by no other motive than the desire to strengthen the hands of the Mission Committee for the assault to be delivered against the icy indifference, no less than the actual wickedness, of this great city, by enlisting on their side the magnificent eloquence and fiery zeal of the two men who are confessedly the most popular and powerful preachers in the Church of England at the present day. It is impossible to overrate the value of the assist ance they would give to the contemplated movement. Their very names would be a tower of strength to the mission, and would invest it with an interest and attractiveness in the eyes of the general public which would largely contribute to its all-round success. Mission preaching differs from ordinary preaching in being the work of the evangelist rather than the pastor. Reason as well as faith, then, teach us that for the evangelist's work we require the evangelist's gift. It is no slur upon the colonial pastorate to say that there are but few in its body who have given proofs of possessing such a gift, and that we know of none in this hemisphere who possess it in so commanding a degree as to be qualified for leaders in a great spiritual campaign. In Mr. Body and Mr. Knox-Little, on the other hand, it is well known that we have such men ; of Mr. Body, we are told that in the London Twelve Days' Mission his impassioned oratory carried 1 his audience off their feet, and that no name was spoken of in connection with that movement but his. If our mission is to meet with success, it must be, under God, through our searching out men like these, full of the Holy Ghost and of poiver, to give it energy and life. It was a great encouragement, then, to all inter ested in the mission, to learn that by its postponement till June, 1882, the services of these clergymen could be obtained, and that the Mission Committee had agreed to make such postponement, and to include in their invitations the Eev. W. Aitken and one other missioner of the evangelical school. We now learn with regret that serious financial difficulties threaten to upset so desirable an arrangement. The cost of bringing out four clergymen from England to stay some three or four months in the colony is estimated roughly at £800. Guarantees to the amount of £200 have been offered to the committee; but in the face of the immediate demands that are pressing on the Church, they shrink from the task of trying to raise the remaining £600 for an object fifteen months dis tant. It may be, too, that the proclivities to High ritual attributed, rightly or wrongly, to Messrs. Body and Knox-Little have something to do with the difficulties that are apprehended. We cannot blame the committee for their reluct ance to guarantee an amount which they see no prospect of raising ; but remembering that a mission is a great spiritual work ; that it is a work in which clergymen and laymen, not only of every school, but almost of every denomination, have shown that they can labour together with the most perfect cordiality ; that the missioners to be invited, while taken from all parties in the Church, will in their mission-preaching know nothing of divisions or parties ; and that when we are spending thousands upon other branches of church work, six hundred pounds is not, surely, too large a sum to ask for a movement that has in view to stir up the supineness of our people, and raise the spiritual tone of the whole community, we still con fidently hope that, before the door is finally closed against the Bishop's proposal, some large- hearted Churchmen will come forward and guarantee a sum, that will justify the committee in carrying out the resolutions to which they had consented. T AEGE- HEARTED Churchmen, with means as large as their ?H hearts, cannot be very numerous amongst us, or Trinity College would not be in the impecunious state in which it is. All honour to our Presbyterian friends for what they have achieved for Ormond College. Fifty-two thousand pounds subscribed to building and endowments before the name of a single student had been entered on the books is a feat that does credit both to donors and to denomination. Mr. Ormond's princely muni ficence, with the liberal response which it has evoked, deserve for the institution over which Mr. M'Farland presides the utmost success that we can wish for it. When we turn to Trinity College our admiration is challenged on very different grounds. The success which Churchmen have not certainly deserved for their College by any remarkable liberality of theirs the College has deserved and achieved for herself by the efficiency of her teaching staff and the ability and industry of her students. The splendid position which Trinity College occupies, in spite of all the difficulties which she has to encounter, amongst the educational institutions of the Australian colonies, is only to be explained by the confidence felt by the public in the ability and zeal which her principal and lecturers bring to bear upon their work. It speaks volumes for their credit that at the very time when Ormond College, with all the prestige of fine buildings and rich endowments, is opening its doors to students, applications for rooms at Trinity are so numerous that a house has to be rented to meet them, and the idea is being entertained of making admission to vacancies in College go by competitive ex amination. If the Presbyterian body spend fifty thousand pounds upon a college which has its character to make, we are sure that they would think twice that sum not too much to lay out upon one that has already gained for itself a distinguished name in every department of university work. Six thousand pounds, we are told, are required immediately for the enlargement of the buildings and the clearance of outstanding debts. Have we no Ormonds in our body to deliver us from the reproach of not only hesitating over ventures in which a more liberal spirit embarks without fear, but of sacrificing to an unworthy parsimony what is a proved and actual success 1 AT a meeting of the Council of Trinity College, held on Tuesday, 15th March, it was announced that the Bishop of Melbourne's scholarship had become vacant, and that Mr. C. M. Lord had been elected to the Cusack-Eussell scholarship. The examination for the Bishop's scholarship was fixed for the 6th and 7th April, and the Revs. A. V. Green and T. N'. Armstrong were named as examiners. It was also announced that the number of applications for rooms was greatly in excess of the accommodation ; and that it was desirable that the plan followed at the best colleges at Oxford, of instituting a competi tive examination for entrance, the choice of the vacant rooms to go to the best candidates, should be adopted here. At a subse quent meeting, held on Wednesday, 23rd March, it was reported that it had been necessary, in consequence of the increased number of students, to rent a neighbouring house for their accommodation, till quarters could be provided for them in the college. It was resolved, on the motion of Mr. E. E. Morris, to call a general meeting of members and subscribers to the college, to consider the best means for raising funds to extend the present buildings ; and, on the motion of Sir William Stawell, that the ladies who worked so successfully for the last bazaar should be invited to attend. Mr. Leeper's term of appointment as head of the college having expired, he was unanimously reappointed, the Council at the same time recording their sense of the astonishing progress made by the college during the five years of his principalship, as shown by the increasing number of students, as well as by their successes in the university examination, but ' even more strikingly by the manner in which, the success of Trinity College has established the collegiate system in Melbourne on its present firm footing.' Mr. T. J. Smith, a student of the college, has at the recent examination carried off the third year classical scholarship and Mr. Pirani's medal for logic. We are informed that arrangements will shortly be made for an election to a theological scholarship on the ' Kew' foundation. THE annual meeting of the Pastoral Aid Society was held in j the Assembly Hall, Collins-street, on Friday, 25 th March, Mr. M'Vean, moderator of the Presbyterian Assembly, pre- [ siding. The Very Rev. the Dean having offered up prayer, the [ chairman said that the work of the society, which had now been j seven or eight years in existence, though unostentatious, had j been effective. It had been the means of drawing the two j churches together, and might be looked upon as a precursor of j a closer union yet. He congratulated tne society on having secured Mr. G. O. Duncan as a colleague to Mr. Sellar. From the report read by Mr. Sellar it appeared that the income had fallen short of the expenditure by £146 11s. 6d., and the balance in hand been reduced from £511 19s. 8d. to £365 8s. Still, a gentleman who had been asked to report on the working of ? I the society was strongly in favour of its continuance. The | Church of England, through its Bishops, and the Presbyterian j body, through their General Assembly, had expressed entire | sympathy with its objects. After the usual votes, the following j gentlemen were chosen to form the committee for the ensuing I year .-—Patron : The Most Honourable the Marquis of Nor manby, G.C.M.G. President : Sir W. F. Stawell. Committee: ? John Bean, Alexander Buchanan, S. W. Cooke, Henry Henty, ? M. E. King, Edward Millar, Robert Sellar, R. Murray Smith, ? G. H. Traill, Hon. James Balfour, John BIyth, H. G. Catta ? nach, Hon. John Camming, J. L. Currie, John Matheson, ? 0. M. Officer, W. Taylor, and George Shaw. THE Rev. C. Strong, in his sermon in aid of the Pastoral Aid _ Society, went out of his way to have a fling at the Church ? of England. He said that he knew that some members of his ? Church held back from subscribing to this fund from a feeling ? that the Church of England showed less generosity to them than ? they showed to her. In this feeling he said he himself I sympathised. It is interesting then to note what this feeling B precisely is which. Mr. Strong from his pulpit approvingly ? quotes. The want of generosity complained of on our part can ? have nothing to do with contributions to the fund. The sub H scription list shows at least a pound Anglican for every pound ? Presbyterian. The grievance which Mr. Strong rakes up every I time he has anything to do with the advocacy of this society's I claims is simply the non-admission of Presbyterian ministers into I our pulpits. That is the ground on which he justifies the spirit I of those members of his communion who refuse to subscribe to I a fund for helping their own poorer clergy because it is at I the same time a fund for helping ours. The Church of I England, they say, is less generous to them than they to us. I What, then, is this generosity to us of which they boast ? They 9 are willing to admit us into their pulpits. We are not aware 1 that there is anything very generous about that. They admit I ministers of the Church of England just as they admit ministers I (and even, on occasion, laymen), of other religious bodies to j preach to their congregations, simply because to do so is in I accordance with the principles of Presbyterianism and the rule I and practice of their own denomination. They have never offered j to strain any point, much less to violate any Church law, in our favour. Their generosity goes the length of not excluding Episcopally ordained ministers from a privilege which their Church system freely concedes to the clergy of other Protestant unepiscopal bodies. But Mr. Strong complains of our want of generosity in not conceding a like privilege to them. He might as well complain of our want of generosity in being Episcopalian, ' not Presbyterian. What is an open question with his body is with us a closed one. Our Church order and discipline preclude us, if we desired it, from asking Mr. Strong or any of his brethren to occupy our pulpits. To break that order would not be generosity on our part but disloyalty and breach of faith. The ungenerousness, to our mind, is theirs, if any there are, who will not work with us even for the common good because, instead of treating the question of orders as a thing indifferent, we act, as we are in conscience bound to do, upon that view of the Christian ministry to which, our Church pledges us, and which we believe to be right. ¥E confess that with the feelings of Messrs. M'Eachran and Murdoch Macdonald we have a great deal of sympathy. What has the Rev. C. Strong, with his 'True Broad Church,' in common with the Shorter Catechism and the Westminster Con fession? Would any one, having no previous light on the subject, after reading the report of one of Mr. Strong's sermons in the Argus, ever guess him for a Presbyterian minister? Certainly our idea of the Presbyterian minister has undergone a change since we have seen Dr. Norman M'Leod and Dr. Oaird in Scotch pulpits ; but between Dr. M'Leod and Mr. Strong there is a theologic gap as wide as between Charles Kingsley and Mr. Haweis, or Frederic Denison Maurice and Mr. Stopford Brooke. The last-named divine has, indeed, concluded at last that his views go further than the Church of England, with all its comprehensiveness, can fairly cover, and has accordingly resigned his office as a public teacher in her body. In doing so he has certainly not reflected on his own honesty, or been animated by any sinister or uncharitable feelings towards Mr. Stopford Brooke. What Messrs. M'Eachran and Macdonald's conferences and committees are concerned with is whether Mr. Strong's doctrine has so outgrown the standards of his Church that he is bound to follow Mr. Brooke's example. That is a question of much larger interest to the Church than as it affects Mr. Strong personally, and it is one which any of his brethren may raise concerning him, or which, like Mr. Brooke, he might raise concerning himself, without imputation being made of private rancour or narrow-minded officiousness. What the answer to the question might be were Mr. Strong's doctrines on the Atonement fairly before the Presbytery we cannot say ; but we are confident that no more unhappy idea ever entered a theolo gian's head than that of raising the question upon Mr. Strong's article in the Victoiian Revieiv. That article was historical and critical, rather than theological ; a summary of other people's opinions rather than a statement of the writer's own ; a crime, if a crime at all, which the most orthodox of his accusers might have committed, if he could. The accusation founded on it was no doubt a blunder, and those who made it would do well to acknowledge their error. But, if only for the value of the example to others, we should like to see Mr. Strong, now that his position among the Presbyterian clergy has been challenged, refuse the advantage their mistake has given him, and come forward manfully to justify or renounce it, TjIOR the following paragraph we are indebted to the Missionary, -L at Home and Abroad :—' The R.M.S, 'Brindisi' did not reach Hobson's Bay until nearly midnight on Saturday, 12th March; consequently the Primate, who will under no circum stances whatever travel by rail on the Lord's Day, remained on board with his own party and many others until the Monday morning, when he proceeded to Christ Church Parsonage, Gee long, to be the guest of Canon Goodman. Here he remained until Wednesday morning, when he returned to the ' Brindisi,' and sailed soon after one o'clock on Wednesday, 16th March, amidst the farewells of some who loved him nearly as well as the clergy of his own diocese. Thursday, 17th March, was the Bishop's birthday, and on Friday, 18th March, Mrs. Arundel Barker, who accompanies her brother-in-law to England, wrote just as they were approaching Glenelg that he had been well ' enough, notwithstanding some very bad weather, to be on deck that morning before breakfast.' fTIHE Dean of Adelaide, who is now on a visit to Melbourne, -*- preached at St. Peter's Church on 20th March, and in tho course of his sermon, from Matt. xix. 2, took occasion to con trast our Lord's avoidance in his ministry of excitement and needless publicity with the method adopted by 'popular revivalists' in our own day. ' ' These last,' he said, ' ' before their appearance tell their friends of their coming ; there is much advertising, many placards; expectation is excited; an active local agency is appointed, with functions very similar to those connected with a theatrical troupe ; no arts are neglected to get up an excitement, and when the teacher comes vulgar measures of all kinds are resorted to in order to draw audiences. The popular revivalist comes, and he goes away again. There has been much talk, much confusion, and no little noise, but what of practical benefit has he left behind 1 He himself had wit nessed all this with grief in the colony from which he had lately come. When one of these teachers appeared recently, all that he had just described had taken place, and the preaching had consisted of the denunciation of all and sundry to every possible doom, coupled with the promise of salvation of the select few. This was a sad travesty. Instead of men listening for the divine voice, they hung on the lips of the human preacher, but there was no sign of a divine or permanent cure. With Jesus all was different. He rejoiced in a casual audience. Multitudes were a distress to Him. When possible He removed Himself from them.' ? T\7E are grieved to record that one of the masons working at ' » the Cathedral lost his life by an accident on Saturday, 19 th March. The name of the man was Joseph Gammie, a native of Scotland, and forty-five years of age. He had been for upwards of twenty years in the colony, but learnt his trade — of which he was a thorough master — in London. He was a strictly sober man ; married, with, a grown-up family, one of his sons having just completed his apprenticeship to his father's trade. The accident occurred soon after six in the morning, just as work was commenced. It was attributable to the deceased's own default in not seeing to a block of stone (which he had placed on edge for convenience of working one part of it) being securely balanced, before commencing to work it. In con sequence, the stone, which was a very large one, fell over towards him and jammed him against the foundation wall of the Cathedral, close to which he was working, completely crushing his legs. He was at once removed to the hospital, where it was decided to amputate both legs, but he died from exhaustion and loss of blood before the operation was completed. TN reply to a statement made in the JBendigo Independent of ?*- 7th March, but repudiated by a public meeting called for the purpose at Elmore, a few days later, that the Bishop had made political allusions, betraying a party bias, in a sermon preached at that township, his lordship writes to Mr. Jennings, of Elmore, to the following effect : — ' ' I did refer to the general moral character of our political life, as I believe every teacher of morals and religion is bound to do ; but of the relative merits of the two political parties in Victoria, and of their relative positions in this world or the next, I said not one word. I was equally silent as to the relative merits of rich and poor men, of paid and unpaid representatives, as members of our colonial Legislature.' ¥E are requested to state that as the ' Superannuation of the Clergy' Committee will not hold their meeting till the second week in May, ruridecanal chapters and members of the Church Assembly have another month in which to send in information or suggestions in reply to the circular from the chairman of the committee. AN apologist for 'George Eliot' in the Standard (London), ?£*? makes the following remarks upon the charges of scepticism and Positivism brought against that writer : — ' ' She may have disapproved of much which the Church of England allows or enjoins, but she never publicly identified herself with the enemies of the Church. She never wrote a word which detracts from the dignity of its mission. She never sanctioned a sneer at the sincerity of its devoted ministers. She was acquainted with the tenets of the philosophy of Positivism and the religion of humanity, as are many persons who neither hold the one nor believe in the other. Mr. Spencer's influence upon George Eliot has been absurdly exaggerated. Not less exaggerated has been her adherence to the school of Comte. George Eliot knew human nature too well to believe that it can ever dispense with the assistance and the stimulus of religion, or that it can substi tute for a religion based upon a distinct faith a speculative series of loose generalisations. There are no novels in our language which are imbued with the spirit of a more tender regard for the English Church, as the teacher and guide of the people, than those of George Eliot. There are none in which more gracious or generous portraits of the English clergy are drawn. Her immense practical wisdom and deep knowledge of human nature acted as safeguards against the encouragement of any attempt to replace among her fellow-creatures an inspiring and ennobling faith by a narrow and intolerant philosophy.' 