THE REyISED *EBY¢TESTAMEN'T.f LEOTUR1 B1Y DOI. MOONR0 OU1E. TUBrE andhurst correspondent of the Mol bournib9ry eil pWfhe''r "th^tl ighit'ef. Dr; Moorhouao, Bishop of Melbourne, de livered a locture'ioc-y'!lhs Doctrinal Effects of the Now Vetorlon of 'tle Now Testament," at st. Piai? BohAbltqo?,,?| hllu :U1 audie neumberoin afo'Be lO6 people, The' lecturer was listeoned-to-with profound attention. The.1 Rov, C al.onl .M.'Culloclh occupied tile clair. Dr. Moorhouso re marked that he had "not undertaken the task at this pihrtic'ilai' tini~bt6'i''itcIeo tie sblcholaialltiPo0 th O-liwhs lihfd.boo.'tiristtld' with tile wOrk of reviaton-ft, cronsidering tho.company engagod, d noon'could venture on that. Th?itlitIo 'f thei leituroe~sh;uld have beeot'i ThBDfiift idffli.dde'dfy ofitlH New Version,"lbbt he IVyps,afraid this title might mislead some of: tlemn!, and that they might, imagin l)p ,iean t.that. therew iaP, .drift in the.minds of the trnailratos .. This would be wrong, as th6ro was not the ghost of. drift. He (Dr,!Moorhlouo):had taken some little-pains with this pew .version. Some p'eople picked out fatourito aBsage , and oondemtni'di:them ',nHe' bhd read th? whole,of tho now vsrsionl but,a timo, would not permitof moreal he ouldoly solgetatew *of the pausages by way of iilustrtio oi .In the fifth' chaptber 'of ?.atlUiew, the232nd verse, the words "hell fire" were changed to "hell of fire." The translators appeared to be a little 'timid 'and consdrVative, ~tf'tluii was excusable ivwbln the nature.of tlho baonk they were engagoedon was considered, and the wonder was they were not imore coo. servative. He thought-the -word "hell" shouldu not .have: been. left in i the,versioqn, but that the Greek 'word in the margiu,, '! Gehenna;' i should have beeti.usod,." The1 10th verse of the fifst chapter bf Epheinhs. was also greatly hlauged,' ind it how told them that Christ ame' intbo. this .world and took our flesh that he 'mightoso improve the minds.of all that .thoy should reflooct His beautiful image, and .aauma up all things in Ohrist. In th'e 1thl verso,.6th chapter of Romans, the article.'" the " was inserted, and theworls;.'' the many "meant the whole osmas of humanity, which briought them to the oanoluiibu' that God's loved was universal, . In. James' ii,,' 14,! the word " faith " occurs,.: .Therow' s' no .doubt faith could save; but a man having faith who hath not works also could' not be saved, and this was borne in thei' iiwv translation, After some referehoo to the 'insortion of the word' " th'" in several places, the lecturer said thad the iew"'version adccehtu ated ' wondorfully tiO value 'of. thie spiritual inreligion. Thorowas a great change notice; able in John v., where the whole of the' fourth *verse wbhich' rolated. to 'th'o angel of the Lord troubling the waters of a certain pool was ommitted, Thia passage did not exist in tile anbiqnit version, and its omission waeB the .woloome removal of a burden. He said this, not because' he did noI believe in tlio mniraculous, for Jesus Christ was the greatest miracle ; but this was :: 'irie le: of a peculiar charlicter. Soveral other expressions used in the old version had,disappearsdaltogethler, There were Bome' wh?o wore in the habit b?fmnlk.? .ing mnuoi of conversion in their preaching,. There were only twqe.passages in which this 'favourite word "conversion " now occurrod-in the Acts and in James,, The word roally.moin! turning from good.to evil,' or frdm evil to good,nd'it was now rendered "tlrned." Exceopt ye turn, ye shall in nq wise eiiteri thoe'kingdom' heavelin excePt ye.trrrn and booome truthfully independent, like little children, yeo shllnot find the kingdom.of .heaven, 'The turning from&' willulness to dependence waas more perfect wheri it was done slowly aiid silently than whleon adi6 suddeUnly nd'ridijiily. '.i'hb'net result 'of 'the wiork' Iaa a drift 'orrtendency to obliterate the sterner statements of the old Iversion, . The alterations .woro. not made caprioldiisly,' nor.had iaiy effort boon made to adapt the texb, either to thoeoup. posed historical necessitios of tie first coi. tury, or to the beliefs andspoculatlons of the nineteenth century. If any ohango had been made in the text,'it.?a?asmbido on the authority of more: anioent' and reliable manuscripts and versions, and compelled by the demands ofat more accuratb seholar ship. The now version. as a thoroughly honest one, and this being the case it was surely very interesting to observe thiit the drift of changes coincidod with tho drift of modern 'thought. It proved, with all its faults, that the drift of modern thought was healthy and truthful, In this case it was to be hoped all mein would be asioore, and acientists and tlihologiaus by onlarging knowledge would load to the increase of faith-a faith whloh .Is made ?ll ti mo nure conldbont and assured, quite as much,, by what it loses as by what it gains. (Loud: and prolonged.applatuso.), ,, 