INTERCOLONIAL TELEGRAMS. NEW SOUTH WALES. (FOR OUR OWN OOBIlEHrONDENTB.) SYDNEY. MONDAY, The City Corporation have decided to adhere to their resolution that the Government should be required to form the whole of the street, whatever its width, where tramways are laid down. As regards George street west, however, they made an exception, and agreed to pay a proportion of the cost, in accordance with the proposition of the Government The Street will be laid with wooden cubes from kerb to kerb. Archbishop Vaughan is now on a pastoral tour through the southern districts of the colony. There is an angry feeling in the Clarence district on account of the omission of the Clarence and New England Railway from the Government financial proposals. The Ministry are accused of breaking their promise. An important mining else, Quail v. Har shall, which relates to Quail's fabulously rich claim at Barmedman, Temora, has been amicably settled. Very large interests were involved. In the case of the schooner Retriever, which was lately stranded on the south reef at the Heads, the Marine Board found that the vessel was kept too close in shore, and they reprimanded and cautioned the master, Captain James Wakelin. The Eleven of England left for Orange this morning. They will play there on Tuesday and Wednesday, and at Bathurst on Thursday, Friday, and Saturday. The gross receipts of the cricket matches at Maitland and Newcastle were exactly the same amount, namely, £16410s. ' Mr. C. J. Roberts to-day presented the Corporation of Sydney with an oil painting of Viscount Sydney, after whom the city is named. The picture is the gift of Mr. J. Henniker Heaton. The ship La Hogue, on her voyage from London, (fell in with icebergs near the Crozet Islands, which made navigation difficult during the dark nights. The barque Ousuri, from Melbourne, which entered the Heads on Saturday, in consequence of adverse winds, approached the quarantine station too closely, and ran some risk of being quarantined, She was kept in suspense until yesterday, when the Government medical inspector having pronounced the vessel clean and healthy, she was allowed to come up. The B.B. India anchored at Port Stephens yesterday owing to bad weather. She made a good run of five days from New Caledonian ports. Her cargo consists of 600 tons of copper ore. The overdue barque Michael Hutchinson, bound from London with a general cargo of merchandise, has arrived safely at Newcastle, after a passage of 125 days. Senior-constable Murphy and Constable Norton apprehended a man named Searle at Yass, on Saturday night, for drunkenness. The prisoner offered a slight resistance, whereupon Constable Murphy struck him with a loaded whip on the left side of his head, rendering him insensible. Searle has been unconscious ever since, and is now dying. A landslip occurred to-day at the works on one of the sections of the Nepean Water- works. A considerable weight of earth fell upon a labourer named J. Brooke, causing severe injuries to his back, and completely paralysing his lower extremities, The man now lies in the Infirmary in a critical condition. The rainfall of the colony up to the present time has only been 40in., or 6in. below the average. The weather to-day has been very hot and dusty. Arrived Cheviot, ss., Norfolk, s.s., from Melbourne ; Harriet, schooner, from South Sea Islands ; Bella Mary, barque, from New Zealand ; Skyro, from Adelaide ; Carnatic barque, from Brisbane ; Princess Louise, from the Solomon Islands. Sailed Wentworth, s.s., for Melbourne; Annie Moore, schooner, for Melbourne, via Vi Wollongong. ALBURY, MONDAY. The engine taking the mail train to Sydney yesterday broke down just after leaving Albury. The train was a heavy one, and was brought back to the terminus with difficulty. Another engine started with the train after a delay of 40 minutes. WILCANNIA, MONDAY. The river has fallen to 7ft. 6in. at Wilcannia, but it is 18ft. at Menindie. The feeders above this point are all falling except the Barwon at Mungundi, where it is 10ft., and stationary. The steamer Corowa, which has been stuck CO miles below Wilcannia since May last, is now here loading wool for Melbourne, A high wind has been blowing all the fore noon, and the glass has been 104deg. in the the shade. HAY, MONDAY. The steamer Moira and the barge Golconda sailed to-day for Echuca with GOO bales of wool, consigned to Messrs. Permewan, ? Wright, and Co., Limited. The steamer Enterprise has arrived. WAGGA WAGGA, MONDAY. The Wagga Gold Cup for 1882 will be presented by Mr. A. G. Jones. The settling on the late race meeting took place on Saturday. The principal prize-takers were Mr. W. Forrester, £353 ; Mr. J. Mitchell, £313 ; Mr. H. J. Bowler, £243 and Mr. J. Kean, £230. A cruel practical joke is reported to have been played upon a youth who recently visited some country relations in this district. He was taken out opossum shooting by some of his young friends, who had previously arranged that one of their number should climb a tree and personate a ghost by cover- ing himself with a sheet. Suddenly the alarm was given, and the conspirators de- camped in feigned alarm, but soon recover- ing their courage, they persuaded their young guest to fire at the ghost, having previously taken the precaution to see that his gun was only loaded with powder. The ghost descending from the tree, approached the party, and BO terrified the lad that he became insensible, and was fully six weeks before he regained his customary health. 