EPITOME OF NEWS. We compile the following Summary of Colonial events from the various journals to hand:— Mary McCaffie, the young woman who was arrested in Gippsland for imposing upon a number of charitably inclined ladies and others, pleaded guilty (saye the Melbourne Telegraph) to a charge of that nature preferred against her at the City Court. Mrs. Jane Adams, one of the victims of accused's blandishments, informed the Bench that the girl called at her residence on the 3rd November, stat ing she was a new arrival from Scotland ; that she had a piano which she wished to dispose of ; and, after some further con versation, finally induced Mrs. Adams to advance ber a sum of money on the in strument. Accused then disappeared, and she never saw her again. She subse quently learnt, from enquiries instituted, that the auppused piano had no existence. As it qpas proved that accused had suc cessfully practised the same imposition on several other persons, and had also served a sentence of six montliB, despite her protestations of amendment if dis charged, the Bench ordered her to be sent to gaol for 12 months. A curious case waB dealt with at the Albnry Police court on Friday last. The local papers report that a young woman named Eveline Halliday, alias Matthews, was brought up charged with stealing a marriage certificate and some other ar ticles, the property of a man named O'SulIivan. The evidence went to show that prisoner had altered the date of the certificate and substituted ber own name and that of a man named Mat thews for the names originally en tered on the certificate, and Baid she was a married woman. On being ar rested, prisoner refused to give up the certificate, and said she "would sooner eat it." The prisoner was sentenced to two months' imprisonment. At the Melbourne city police court, on Friday morning (says the Melbourne Argus) William Watkios was charged with endeavouring to impose upon Mrs. Henningham, of Henningham'» Hotel, in Swanston-street, by tender ing a valueless note for £L in payment for drink, and with wilfully breaking a plate-glass window at the hotel, valued at £2 10s. The prosecutrix stated that the prisoner went to the hotel in company with another man, and called for two glasses of English ale. The liquor was served, and the prisoner tendered what appeared to be a £l-note in payment. Mrs. Henningham discovered the note to be a valueless note belonging to an Adelaide tailor, sbe sent for Constable Dnross, but before that officer's arrival the prisoner put his hand through the plate glass window. At the time of getting the drinks the prisoner said that he had no bmailer change upon hitn. A cabman r£o searched the outside of the hotel Oft after the prisoner was removed found wo similar " flash" notes in the gutter. The Bench sentenced the prisoner to six mouths' imprisonment with hard labour on the first charge, and fined him 40s., with 50s, damages, or a month's cumu lative imprisonment, in the second case. On Sunday last (says the Gundagai ? Truss), Miss Smith, of Big Ben Creek, while riding into Gundagai to attend di vine service in the Wesleyan Church, had eiiarrow escape from a very severe accident- She was riding across the SobtjoGundagai flat when her horse sud denly, shied and threw her. Her skirt, catching in the saddle, she was dragged | along the ground for some distance, and tree. A relative of hers named Daniel fr Smith saw the accident, and went to her assistance, but before he could reach her the skirt fortunately gave way and thus j!5 released her from her perilous position. * There is a large bootmakers' strike at Ballarat, and Melbourne men are sup porting it. _ » ■' young man recently bathing in the Murrumbidgee, seeing a number of ladies approach, drowned himself from motives of delicacy. The manner in which certain money lenders "skin" their clients is further il lustrated by the following in reference to ' the absconder, Mr. Blarney, related by the Ballarat Star " A respectable Corner gentleman informed us that it is a well-known fact that to one local money lender, from whom Mr. Blarney had bor rowed £50 in his extremity, he was pay ing interest amounting to £2 10s. per week ; to another, £2 per week for a loan of £40 ; and to another £5 per week for a for a loan of £300, being a total payment of £9 10s. per week as interest on £390 borrowed. Our informant, who was making no secret of the subject, gave us the particulars in the presence of some re spectable brokers, and seemed to have no scarcity of further details of a like kind ; hut the auditors got tired of listening to such sickening disclosures, and apparently came to the conclusion that the solution of the mystery as to where Mr. Blarney's money went was now obtained, and that$ erring as he had been, he had evidently left behind him some whose ethics were not of a much higher order than his own." Water is again getting scarce in Syd ^hree ladies have paBsed the Univer sity examination for B.A., at Melbourne. The total receipts of the Marcus Clarke fund to date are £997. '* efforts to recover the bodies of the ; victims of the late Queensland boat acci t dent have been futile. , ' A seaman belonging to the Coonanbara, 4 km lately drowned at Newcastle. ThB Melbourne Age has apologised, faad admitted it was an error in stating irregularities existed in the Union . Jfentworth, Tuesday.—News was re of a terrible death having occurred fotwo young children near Thackaringa, " to the South Australian border. A Campbell, whose husband is away •mrnng, was living in a tent about half a fWfoim a Government dam, with her fonng children, and requiring some **kt,jshe, with the three eldest, wentto theiuu and on her returning she found burnt to ashes and the bodies of little ones charred to ?,nde™ a fire near the tent when she j «« a high wind was blowing, ht a spark was carried on to the TwXon fanned into a flame. bell, as she was at the dem t commence burning, but she urn fast enough to save the bodies of tho two young Nero recently d/ow"e te bathing, were found, both ,i„ each others arms, ianwood, of Mndgee, is exer- j leideaofbis being regarded , %Xnanasas«pportor.of fc to the Western Post he Ito correct Mr. Buchanan. (Whatever to do with his % voted for him in my Ikelytodoso, unless be In an article on the Melbourne Univer sity course the Argus observes :—But there are one or two principles which we may fairly lay down for the consideration of the University authorities. We be lieve that, when a boy has passed the matriculation examination, he should be placed in a position to "specialise." He should be well and carefully taught in the one subject which he is to make his chief study, and he should be able to pursue the knowledge ef that subject without the distracting thought that he must "get up" several other subjects for which he has no taste. For our own part, we have always maintained that modern languages should be introduced into the course, and these, together with Latin might fairly represent one of the courses of the first year. Again, assuming that Latin is maintained as an essential part of he course—and we think it should — would not it, coupled with mather5»tics and logic, form quite sufficient wcLk for another first year course for the ordinary student ? History, when treated with originality, no doubt forms a suitable sub ject for University teaching, but it is not suitable till a later stage of the student's career, when ho is able to draw conclu sions from the facts which lie should have leisure to resd up for himself. According to the present system, the multiplicity of subjects effectually precludes the possibi lity of attaining eminence in any one. However brilliant may be a young man's capacity in any one branch, it is certain that he can at present not utilise those capacities to their legitimate extent. It matters little whether we turn out pood classics, or mathematicians, or logicians, or historians, but we protest against trying to turn out masters of all the sciences. The jack of all trades is pro verbially the maBter of none. The Western Stab. (Qd.) Bays:—A True Story : This about bulls, is illus trative of the pure friendship which helps to make life worth the. living, comes to us from the West. Simplex was travel ling with a small mob of choice bulls for sale. Feed bad, and long stages for water. Arrives at a station owned by one of his old friends named Large heart, and thus discourses him. " Had to leave four of the best of them knocked up, about five miles back; look after them for me old man and you can have i one for your trouble, they are worth forty notes a-piece." After the lapse of a few weeks Simplex returns, and enquires anxiously for his bulls, when he learns that " one died, one got lost, one strayed on to 's run and looked so poor and mean that they cut him, and the one YOU GAVE ME IS IN THE HERD AS FIT AS A FIDDLE !" Another strange lunacy case is attract ing attention at Ballarat. A young wo man soon after her confinement became ill, and a doctor who visited ber pro nounced her insane, and two other medi cal men signed a certificate of lunacy. The woman was arrested, though the po lice thought her quite sane. In the court she answered all questions rationally and sensibly. She was removed to the hospi tal for treatment. The medical man wbo signed tbe original certificate of lunacy afterwards pronounced the woman quiet and harmless, and more a subject for the hospital than a lunatic asylum. It is stated that this is the fourth or fifth case in which certificates of lunacy have been called in question by the Ballarat Bench. The patient is now in the hospital'.' The E. NEWS says :—A Chief Justice in Danger : Yesterday was a Tuesday that might have become historical. After the duties of the day in King-street palace of justice were over, a weary Chief Justice sought the quietude of his home. Scorn- ing display he took a humble hansom and was jogging along Boomerang-street when he was aware of a commotion. Affrighted horses reared and plunged ; those attached to a 'bus nearly overturned it ; several cabs were endangered, and his own forced to stand still till passed the corporation steam roller. In the in- nocence of his heart the worthy knigbt imagined this an uncommon occurrence in Sydney streets, and now proclaims what every one else knew before, that the steam roller and the tramways are the two greatest nuisances and sources of danger to be found in the streets of Syd- ney. If, instead of a fright, the obser- vant old gentleman had been rolled on the macadam, and more or less shaken bodily as well as mentally, the city offi- cers wonld perhaps have discovered that in Victorian cities and elsewhere the steam rollers are only employed at night, and when they could do no mischief. Yesterday afternoon (remarks Thurs day's Newcastle Herald) the District Coroner held an inquest at tbe Folly, North Waratah, on the body of a young child named Emma Oakley, aged one year and eleven months, who had been drowned in a drain-pipe waterhole near its father's premises the previous afternoon. The evidence of both parents, Dr. Hill, and a neighbour, named Mrs. Torpey, was taken, and a verdict of accidental death returned. It appeared that on tbe previous evening the little girl bad taken her tea at ber pa rents' table as usual, and afterwards was lifted from Iter chair, and walked outside as usual. Being missed shortly afterwards, search was made, resulting in her body being found, head downwards, in the waterhole, one hand tightly clasping a (tin can, which she bad apparently been trying to fill with water. The Braidwood Dispatch says :—An other Death from Sunstroke : About ten days ago we reported a death at Warri from sunstroke, and now we have another death to announce from a similar cause. It appears that on Wednesday last a boy named George Bond, about thirteen years of age, son of Mr. Alfred Bond, of Jerra batgully, was out shepherding, and on his return home on the evening of that day complained of pains in the head. On Friday, when at Major's Creek, Dr. Lle wellyn prescribed for him, and was of opinion that he was suffering from sun stroke. The boy died on Saturday, and Senior Coustable O'Brien, of Major's Creek, at once sent word to Mr. Sub In spector Keegan, who was absent from town, but Senior Constable Tracey lost no time iu informing Mr. Bunn, the Co roner, who, however, did not think that under the circumstauces it was necessary that an inquest should be held. The lad was buried at Major's Creek on Sunday afternoon. It is most extraordinary that there should be bo many cases of sunstroke •;n different parts of Australia this season before the summer has fairly set in, and before we have had any hot weather to speak of. In America and the old coun try the summer has been in the same way most remarkably prolific in sunstrokes, and the canse must be owing to some of those pernicons atmospherical conditions which so unaccountably affect vegetation of all kinds, the effects of which are be coming as apparent here as they have been in the Northern hemisphere during the past summer. „ A number of wine and spirit merchants in Melbourne are to be prosecuted for selling colonial spirits under false labels. The Rockhampton Capricorntan Bays: —Liberal Policy: And yet we live, and the colony progresses ! Ground down and oppressed by a dogmatic squatting Government, the hapless victims of in famous schemers for the aggrandisement of syndicates and other ravenous specu lators, our people yet prosper, and mani fest unbounded confidence in the future of the colony. The Premier's reckless schemes, and the ruinous consequences of the proposed transcontinental railway, are constantly descanted on by the dis organised remnants of the Great Liberal party, and yet nobody seems greatly alarmed. What folly it must be for land buyers to psy the rapidly advancing prices they have recently given in Rock hampton, when the utter ruin of the town most be consummated within five years 1 When all the Peak Downs and Spriogsure wool goes with the produce of the more Western country along the transcontinen tal railway to Point Parker, what will be the value of East-street frontages then ? And when all the white men have been supplanted by hordes of coolies, what will be the value of working men's allotments on Athelstane Range ? At the Police Court on Saturday (re marks the same journal), before the Po lice Magistrate, two.half caste girls named Annie Day, aged about thirteen years, and Lizzie Bodkin, teu or eleven years old, were brought up under the Reforma tory Schools Act, charged with being ne glected children. Constable Glackin de posed that on Friday be arrested the children in the kitchen of the Union Hotel, and he asked them would they like to go to school. They replied in the af firmative provided they would be allowed to return to the hotel. The witness interviewed Mr. C. Nash, the landlord of the hotel, who said the children did not go to school, but he found them in food and clothes, and they slept in a bedroom ^ at night. The constable stated he had seen the girls in different parts of the dis trict for the last four or five years, and had never known them to have a fixed place of abode ; an aboriginal known as Mrs. Day was the mother of one girl, and " Kitty" was the mother of the girl Bod kin ; both children were intelligent, and speak good English. Constable O'Rcurke corroborated the evidence as to what had occurred when the children were arrested. The Police Magistrate ordered the girl Day to be sent to the Reformatory Too woomba, for two years, and the other girl for four years. A fatal accident (says the Gympie cor respondent of the Brisbane Courier), happened early last week to a man named Charles Oehle, working on a farm on the Imbil Road. While endeavouring to catch a horse the animal euddenly swerved round, and kicked him violently in the abdomen. The unfortunate man was brought into the hospital, but never ral lied ; he died early on Saturday morning. The deceased was an Austrian, and twenty-five years of age.—A fatal acci dent happened on Tuesday morning to a man employed on the railway line, named Niels Hansen. He was engaged at the Slaty Creek siding, some nineteen miles from Gympie, coupling some trucks at tached to the locomotive, when he was struck by one of them while it was in mo tion, and seriously injured. He was brought on to Gympie by the train, but died about three hours after being ad mitted to the hospital. Deceased was a Swede, a married man, and thirty years of age. The Capricornian saysThe Aus tralian Mutual Provident Society, it is J stated, has made a concession to its clients i which Northern Queenslanders will, with out doubt, highly appreciate, and which will lead to increase its business, by abolishing all extra premiums for resi dence in any part of Australia. Hitherto a charge of one per cent, per annum on the sum assured has been made from re- : sidence North of the 25th parallel of South latitude, the limit in Queensland , beiug the 22nd parallel; but this has j been removed, and all the society's mem bers throughout the Australian colonies are now placed on the same footing as regards residence therein. To the So ciety's members in the North of this ' colony the concession must prove a valuable one, relieving them, as it does, j of a heavy extra cost for life assurance, : while those seeking to be assured in the society can do so on the same terms as re sidents in Brisbane, Sydney, or elsewhere in Australia. A Dunolly telegram to the Melbourne Argus states that an old man named Pethick was admitted on Saturday after noon to the hospital suffering from para lysis. He was found in Simpson's pad dock, where he was working, by some lads, who were returning home from the bush, and who were attracted towards the sufferer by the barking of his little dog. He was speechless, insensibe, and covered with bulldog ants, by which he had been bitten all over the body and head, and his mouth being open he was attacked also in that part. Assistance was obtained, and the unfortunate man brought to the hospital, where he lin gered till two o'clock this afternoon, and then died. The Goulburn Herald relates that a young fellow, a settler of that district, who has been on'the annual shearing tour, came into Goulburn the other day for medical assistance. He was suffering from pleuro-pnemonia, and he gives the following report of the state of affairs at the station where he was last at work:— The station is situate between the Lach lan and the Murrumbidgee, about 160 miles from Hay, which is the nearest place for a doctor. There were 62 shear ers at work, of whom nearly all were more or less affected by sickness; and when the young man left they had all hurried away to escape from the place except 13 who were in bed too ill to leave and two others who remained to wait on them. The cause of the sickness was the badness of the water and the bad accommodation, the men having to sleep in an apartment about 30 feet by 18. The water was so bad that although lime add ashes were applied, and it was latterly strained through a cloth, it could hardly be used. Although considerable sums of money are earned in the shearing season, this incident will serve to show that the men have many privations and hardships to undergo. William Bolton, a young man well dressed (remarks Wednesday's E. News), was very leniently dealt with by the Cen tral Police Court this morning. He pleaded guilty to a charge of cruelly ill treating a cow. The cruelty, according to the evidence of a constable and an other witness, was one of the moat wanton nature. The accused it was stated had twisted the cow's tail, beaten it on the head and body with a rope, and although lie did not say one word in defence, the Bench fined him £2 only, with the alter native of one month in gaol. A slight shock of earthquake was felt recently at Maryborough, Va. The Victorian Legislative Council are disposed to fight on the Chinese Bill. " JSgles" in the Australasian writes : —A professional gentleman, camped for business purposes in the Boomer district, borrowed his cook's horse for a visit to the township; Calling at the Royal, he tied his 8tee<|. to the fence and entered. Meeting convivial acquaintances, he Bpent an evening more jovial than instructive, and forgot alkabout his unfortunate horse. Nest morning a question arose as to what had become of the animal. " There be is, tied to tlie fence," said one of his friends. " (-*h, no," said Linkcbain, " that's a white horse; mine was brown." There had been a fall of snow in the night, eand what had fallen on the cook's horse had frozen there. Also:—A gentleman of the squatting persuasion liafl occasion during the preva lence of the la re low priceB of stock to visit the cemetery where lay the mortal remains of his father-in-law, to the ownership of whose large station he had succeeded. Tapping the Wave mournfully with bis cane, and restraining a few tears, he so liloquised—" Ah ! Donald, old boy, what would y« >u say if you could rise up now and find; fat bullocks selling at 40s. per head ?" At the Police Court, Montreal, on the 17th Nov. (reports the Moruya Exa miner), Charles Smith was charged, on information laid by Senior Constable Berry, with indecent assault on Annie | Hay, a girl ten years of age, at the school : house, Curea, Tilba Tilba. Defendant was i teacher of the half-time Bchcol at that | place, and on Friday, 30th ultimo, com mitted the assault complained of. The evidence of the girl was very clear, but a slight difference existed between her's and that of her sister, the one having sworn the school house door was shut dur ing the time, the other that it was open. Defendant pleaded not guilty, and on be ing asked by the Bench, elected to be summarily dealt with, and was found guilty, and fined £2, or 14 days in the lock-up. The fine was paid. = An inquest was held to-day (remarks Thursday's E. News) at the White Lion Hotel as to the cause of death of Mary A. M'Gregor, aged 52 years, a native of Hal ifax, in Nova Scotia, and the wife of Peter M'Gregor, superintendent of a sta tion. M'Gregor deposed that he had been married 35 years, but had no family. Had been lodging for a few weeks at 212, Riley-street, and, in company with his wife, he went to a lecture at the Protest ant Hall on Tuesday evening, and as they were returning through Hyde Park a vio lent thunderstorm came on, and they walked quickly to escape the rain. Bis wife complained of weakness in her legs, and he assisted her into the Cambridge Club Hotel, placed her on a sofa, and gave her a glass of water. She then com- : plained of a pain in her chest, and wit ness sent for a doctor, and at deceased's request he went for Mrs. Beard, with whom they lodged. On his return she was dead. She had always been in good health, and had never been under any medical treatment for any illness or dis ease. About a fortnight ago, when they were at the Glebe, she was frightened by a man rushing at her, as she thought it was "the stabber." Nothing occurred that night to frighten her except the thunder and lightning. Dr. Marshall de posed that hs was called into the hotel un Tuesday night, and Mrs. M'Gregor was then dead. He had since made a post mortem examination, and found all the organs healthy except the aorta, which was enlarged. He was of opinion the canse of death was syncope, probably caused by shock from fright. The Jury returned a verdict of death from natural causes. The Yass Courier says :—A Cowardly Act : On last Saturday evening, between seven and eight o'clock, one of the most cowardly acts that ever came under our notice was perpetrated by a well-known and prominent member of the police force. It appears that a man named Philip Searle, apparently about forty-five years of age, who, we believe, had been lying in the entrance between Mr. Leseberg's and Mr. Latham's shops in Cooma-street during the greater part of Saturday after noon, was tinder arrest by this " senior ! constable" foe drunkenness, and, as the latter was entering the doorway to the lock-up with his charge, Searle offered some slight resistance, when the police man strnck him a blow with a whip on the head, thereby inflicting such a severe wound that Searle became quite uncon scious, and had remained in that state up to the time we went to press Isst night. Two of the doctors have attended on him, but not the slightest hope is entertained of his recovery.—The man died the fol lowing day, and at the inquest the jury ; returned the following verdict :—"That ; the deceased came by bis death from a blow given by Senior Constable Murpliy, on Saturday night, 2Cth instant, while conveying deceased to the lock-up." Murphy was therefore committed to take his trial at the next Assizes, bail being granted, prisoner in £80 and two sureties of £40 each. The court room was crowded during the whole time the inquest lasted—nearly six and a half hours. Heavy draught horses are worth £105 per pair in Sydney. The Mount Alexander Mail reports that a lamentable accident lately occurred to Mrs. Laver, a resident of Chinaman's Creek. She retired to bed, but took a : newspaper with her and began to read, j While so engaged she fell asleep, and the paper caught fire, setting alight to the curtains and burned her dreadfully about the face and bands. On awaking, she screamed for help, and her son succeeded in extinguishing the flames, but not until the' unfortunate lady was much injured, and the fnrniture in the bedroom burned. There were two young children sleeping in the room, bnt as if by a miracle, they escaped without any serious injury, though their hair was singed. Mrs. Laver was brought to the hospital, her face be ing almost unrecognisable. A telegram to the E. News informs us that, on Tuesday, a trooper named Am brose MiuBoal was charged at the Mudgee police court with allowing a prisoner named Breyson to escape from his cus tody, whilst escorting him from Gnlgong to Coonamble a few weeks ago. The de fence showed that Constable Minsoal, after travelling in the coach to Mun dooran, asked to be relieved by a local policeman, and again at Curbin lie made a similar request, but in both instances be was refused. Minsoal had been a day and two nights on the coach without re6t or sleep, and removed the irons from the prisoner's legs to enable him to assist in pushing the coach up some sandy patches, as the horses were fresh and likely to jib. When these horses were exchanged for quieter ones the constable neglected to replace the irons, and, being exhausted, fell asleep and his prisoner slipped away and has not since been found. Minsoal was ordered to pay a fine of 50s. Harris, accountant in the Sydney Lands Department, was committed for trial on three charges of forgery last Thursday; bail refused. < The Brisbane Observer says that a somewhat remarkable phenomenon re cently happened at the spiritualistic meeting at the Town HalL During the discussion consequent to the lecture, an elderly man, unaccustomed to public speaking, rose and propounded a rather novel theory of human development. He said he was attended by a spirit who in this way told him many things, and fre quently urged him to speak a foreign lan j guage, utterly unknown to him. It was evident that the man was speaking under some strange excitement, and after a few more words in the same strain he sat down. In less than a minute he rose again, and spoke in the moBt fluent manner for two or three minutes in a language unknown to any one present. The incident made a profound impression on the meeting, as it was patent to all that the words were distinctly pronounced, and clearly modu lated, and not a heterogeneous mixture of sounds that any trickster might emit. When the man resumed his seat, Mr. Widdop enquired the substance of what be said. The reply was that be did not know the language, but was impressed in English that it was a prayer to the heavenly father that men living on the Earth planet might be enlightened by spiritual knowledge. The Wide Bay News Bays :■—A Lady Overboard : On Wednesday night last, as the steamer Queensland was coming down tbe Fitzroy River, the sndden disappear-! ance of one of the passengers was re ported, and nothing has since been heard to account satisfactorily for ber fate. The passenger in question was a black gin, in the service of a lady on board, and when last seen was on tbe bridge of the steamer, near tbe mouth of the river. 1 She was a native of the Rockhampton' district, and it is presumed she jumped overboard, but whether she reached land or not is not known. The BBrsBAKE Observer says :—A scene occurred at the Brisbane Police Court on Wednesday afternoon, whilst the case against Frank Gash, for having com mitted a criminal offence on the girl Chesterfield was being heard. The Po lice Magistrate thought that Dr. Thomp son should be called ps a witness in the case, but Inspector Lewis, who was con ducting the prosecution, objected, saying that he would never call two doctors again in any case he was conducting, and further stating that the responsibility of the case rested on him. The P.M. thought differently as to the responsi bility, and said that as long as he was on the Bench he intended to hear every wit ness, either for or against the case, and it was his opinion that Dr. Thompson should be called. Mr. Swanwick, who was conducting the defence, here inter polated that he intended to call Dr. Thompson for the defence, if he was not called for the prosecution. Mr. Lewis, who evidently did not believe in being interfered with, then informed tbe Bench that if he could not conduct the case as he thought proper, he would have no thing more to do with it, and his Worship could get a barrister or attorney to finish the case. He then walked out of the Court. The P.M. adjourned the further hearing of the charge. Is the liberty of the subject to be imperilled because the P. M. and Inspector Lewis lose their tem pers 1 Mr. Reid's " extraordinary disclosures" in reference to the resumption of land at Darling Harbour did not prove (remarks Thursday's Echo) to be of a very sensa tional character, although they were none the lees important as affecting the public interests. It had gone forth that the hon. member for East Sydney was going to rip open something like another Mil burn Creek scandal, and the interest thus excited was indicated by an attendance of betweent CO and 70 mepibers, even in the early part of tbe sitting. Mr. Reid made a very long and somewhat rambling speech (half of which was addressed to the strangers' gallery, for he has already contracted the improper habit of tnruing his back upon the Speaker and the re porters), and he repeated himself a great deal during the hour he occupied the at tention of the House. The points of liis address were very clear, and might have been effectually dealt with iu a more con cise manner. The Wagga correspondent of the Arccs writes :—" A cruel practical joke is re ported to have been played upon a youth who recently visited some country rela tions in this district. He was taken out opossum-shooting by some of his young friends, who had previously arranged that one of their number should climb a tree and personate a gho6t by covering himself with a sheet. Suddenly the alarm was given, and the conspirators de camped in feigned alarm, but soon reco vering their courage, they persuaded their young guest to fire at the ghost, having previously taken the precaution to see that his gun was only loaded with powder. The ghost, descending from the tree, ap proached the party, and so terrified the lad that he became insensible, and was fully six weeks before he regained his customary health." The Aegcs states that the Acting Chief Commissioner of Police has directed pro ceedings to be taken against the numer- ' mis promoters of racing sweeps in the last Victorian Racing Club Spring Meeting, and up to the present the detective police have succeeded in obtaining sufficient evidence to warrant at least two offenders being summoned to appear at the District Police Court to answer charges of contra vening the statute. Informations were sworn before Mr. Call, P.M., yesterday, by Detective O'Callaghan against Messrs. | F. C. Goyder, and Luis A. Pereira, charg ing them with having carried on an illegal sweep under the title of the " Leviathan Adamastor Company" on the last Mel bourne Cup, and during the afternoon summonses were issued and served upon 1 the defendants. The Bendigo Independent relates that a rather singular accident took place on Saturday, as a special goods train was coming from Inglewood to i Sandhurst. Somewhere near Marong I the driver of the locomotive (O'Keefe) saw a bull jump the railway fence and i rush up to the line. As the train neared 1 the bull the latter deliberately rushed at it with his head down. Of course the ! animal was killed, the body being cut to ■ pieces. In consequence of the inter ruption, the second truck jumped off the j line, resulting in some slight damage. : After a short delay, the truck was re- ! placed on the line, and the train pro- > ceeded on its journey. I The Catholic Record office, Ade- ! laide, lias been burnt down. About < £1500 worth of property was destroyed. The other day, says the Tumct and i Adelong Times, a comparatively light heifer, slaughtered by a local butcher, had kidneys of an unusual weight of 331b., and measuring 14in. through. A man named Seyd was found dead in a bed at the Enfield Hotel, Enfield, Va., last Friday night, with » bullet through bis heart. He had been despond ent at having no employment. —: 1 A girl, apparently European, recently ; dropped two pieces of paper over the fence, clcee to the Volunteer camp at\ ' Parihaka, New Zealand, stating that the ! writer was tired of living with the Maoris, and feared being taken back into the bush ' with them, and asking the finder to have the note delivered to her mother, who wsb a European. The Tenterfield Independent says : —Death of a Waterloo Veteran : An other of the few survivors of the memor able battle of Waterloo, Mr. John Eggert, died at his residence, Tenterfield, on the 9th instant, at the ripe old age of 87. We believe deceased was under General Blncher and took part in the final con 1 test between the two great armies. At that time he was twenty years of age. I The old man was tolerably strong until a < short time before his demiBe, when he I had to succumb to worn out nature. His wife died a few years back after be I ing married over fifty yean. A Mrs. Lowry (says the Borrow a News) was recently bitten by a carpet snake. When a short distance down the I garden path, Mrs. Lowry felt that she had stepped on something strangely cold, when, to her surprise and dread, she saw a large snake, of the brown and carpet species under her feet. Stepping to one side, the reptile twined itself round both her legs and bit her near the instep of the 1 left foot. Mr. Lowry with a razor scoured the place bitten. The leg was bandaged I so as to prevent the circulation of the > blood, and a poultice of onions applied to the wound. The patient was kept awake by exercise and stimulants, and though in a very prostrate condition she has re covered. A frost occurred at Upper Swan and Emu Creek, in the Warwick district, on the 22nd Nov. Mr. Darley evidently intends (says the Echo) to get as much work out of the ve terans in the Legislative Council during this month as tbey have performed dur | ing the whole previous portion of the 1 session. Not content with getting the Council to agree to making Tuesday an additional sitting day, lie intends next ! week to move that Friday be another ad ditional Bitting day. At the recent Melbourne General Ses sions, a youth named Geo. Bold, charged with forging and uttering Bcrip certificates in the name of the Victoria Assurance . Company, was found guilty of uttering, with recommendation to mercy on account of his youth. He was sentenced to one year's hard labour. The Echo says :—Mr. Copeland, in the railway debate last niglit, said that he could not vote for the North Shore branch, because he did not know enough about it. Surely a poor reason for an I honorable and learned member to ad vance ! i The election of a member for the elec torate of Newtown, to fill the vacaucy oc | casioned by the acceptance of the office of I Postmaster General by Mr. S. C. Brown, and that gentleman's appointment to the I Legislative Council, took place last Thurs day, and resulted in the return of Mr. | Joseph Mitchell by a very large majority. Mr. Mitchell polled 1091 votes, while Mr. Dalveen, the other candidate, secured 346, rather more than the number required to entitle him to be repaid his deposit of £40. | At the Maitland Sessions last Thursday I James Stokes, a coloured man, was sen | tenced to two years hard labour for inde | cently assaulting a little girl. At the same Sessions Mr. District Court | Judge Cohen was congratulated by the legal profession on his elevation to the Bench. I Professor Denton has found in a shaft at Temora a fossil animal known to be the inhabitant only of the ocean, proving the locality must at some time have been an arm of the sea. Mr. Baker was defeated at Carcoar last Thursday; Mr. Campbell was returned by a majority of 150. At the declaration of the poll, Mr. Baker desired to thank the friends who had supported and worked hard for him, and asserted one of the chief causes of his defeat was the cruel and atrocious conduct of the Government. Almost at the last moment, when it was found that he had laid his cause before the constituency, that lie had the popular voice, and that, almost to a certainty, he would be returned, they had commenced criminal proceedings against him. That course ought to have been pursued at first, if done at all, three weeks ago. The Government should not Lave waited till the present time. By the malignant pro ceedings of the Government, they had damned him in the eyes of the public. It was a most atrocious act, and one un- i worthy of persons calling themselves gen- ' ilemen. He desired to say that it was his intention to have the Milburn Creek affair thoroughly ventilated, and enquired into in a must satisfactory manner, at the earliest possible moment. That accom plished, it was then his intention, the first time a vacancy occurred for Carcoar, to come forward, and endeavour to regain his seat for that electorate. He appeared before them, for the first time in his life, a defeated candidate, having been elected ten times for this and other constituencies. He had nothing further to say, and wished their great electorate every success and , prosperity. 1 The Victorian Government intend to take action regarding the distribution of the Kelly Reward Fund immediately af ter the Christmas holidays. Judge Cohen, in the course of hearing the cases at the District Court at New castle, last Tuesday, expressed himself strongly iu favour of ca sa motions, be lieving they afforded a sure means for creditors getting their rights when all other means failed, especially where debtors were in a position to pay, but were not honest enough to do so. At Carcoar Mr. Baker described the G REN fell Record as an " obscure coun try journal." This is what that journal says in reply:—" A few years ago the Record was the property of the said Honorable Ezekiel Alexander Baker, and the obscure town in which the said ob scure journal is published has provided : liini and his family with many a square meal, and if the town is remarkable for I its obscurity, it is no less so for the con- ■ tiding natnre of its inhabitants." Some medals and certificates from the Adelaide Exhibition have been received in Melbourne. The former are very unfavourably criticised in regard both to their intrinsic value and workman ship. The board appointed to investigate the 1 claim of £5000 made by Mrs. Jones, of Glenrowan notoriety, for the destruction of her property and the loss of her son, estimate the value of the buildings at £280, and the costs bring the award up to £305. The Border Post says —A sad acci dent occurred at Wodonga last Saturday. A lad named Boyd, about ten years old, fell off a load of wood which was being carted down the main street, and the wheel of the vehicle went over his head, killing him almost instantaneously. ' A young m charged, at tn*>^ with sending a letter ^ that he would "burn evety^ of one Francis Corrigan. Thb--^.. for the defence (says the Bakxkk) potr>»^ out that the Act bearing on such matters —10 and 11 Vic., c. 66—specified the offences punishable under the statute as follows:—" To threaten to kill or murder any other person, or to burn or destroy any house, barn, or other buildings or any rick or stack of grain, hay, or straw, or other agricultural produceor " knowingly to aid or abet the com mission of the said offence." The threat to burn " every rag and atick" clearly did not come witbin the above clause of the statute, and therefore contended that the case must be dismissed. The police ma gistrate considered the objection fatal, and the case was dismissed. The Dubbo Dispatch says:—On Thurs day last, the dead body of a blackfellow, named Simon, was discovered near Bourke under circumstances which indi cated that deceased had met his end through foul-play. On the head of the corpse were several tomahawk wounds, and subsequent enquiry elicited the fact that deceased had been working at War raweena woolshed with several other blackfellows and gins, all employed in picking up fleeces. After they were paid j off, they went to an hotel and purchased some grog, the bigger share of which was appropriated by Simon and Billy Can, who separated them selves from the rest, and soon became far advanced in intoxi cation. Billy Can has since disappeared and suspicion points to him as the mur derer of Simon. When found, the corpse was in such a state of decomposition that it was instantly buried. The police are in quest of the supposed murderer. His Excellency Lord Augustus Loftus, Lady Augustus Loftus, and his Honor Sir James Martin, C. J,, were the guests of Sir Hemy Parkes at Falconbridge on Saturday. Father Henneberty has induced 60,000 Roman Catholics in the Australian colo nies to become teetotallers, and, according to a Victorian journal, not more than 1 per cent have broken their pledge. From a return lately laid before the Legislative Assembly, on the motion of Mr. Murray, it appears that the amount received by the Colonial Treasurer for mineral leases of tin lands in the North ern districts from the 1st January, 1871, to the eud of 1880, amounted to £158,210. Of this sum £148,129 was derived from leases under the Crotvn Lands Occupa tion Act of 1861, £3059 waB for tem porary rentals in cases where the appli cation had not been approved ; and £ i 028 was for the approved leases under the Mining Act of 1874. The Mercury says .—Messrs. E. Cap per and Sons, ironmongers, High-street, West Maitland, have shown us a very aim pie contrivance in the shape of a fan for attaching to sewing machines, the use of which should prove valuable in warm cli mates. The fan is flxed in a wooden bar or handle about eight or nine inches long, and the handle is fitted underneath the table of the machine by means of a cop per wire. A piece of string is attached to a bar over the machine and fastened to the treadle. When the treadle is in play the fan works with the machine, and the person working it gets a constant cur rent off resh air. The apparatus is sim plicity itself and has no delicBte mechan ism to get out of order. It can be taken off when not required, aud does not prove Buy obstacle to the working of the ma chine. When its advantage becomes known, there is little doubt that its ub« will become almost general. When Sir George Strahan took a seat in the Victorian Speaker's galleiy last Thursday night he was invited by resolu tion of the House to take his seat in the chamber. Mr. A. T. Clark raised a point that the Crown could not be admitted in the House during their deliberations, and that never since the reign of Charles I. had the Crown been admitted, aud there fore Sir George Strahan could not be al lowed within. The Speaker said the question did not arise, and Sir George was then accommodated with a seat near the Speaker. A monster petition is to be presented to the Legislative Council praying for al teration in the Licensing Bill. It is understood that in the Broad water murder case, recently tried in Bris bane, there were nine for acquittal and three against. The Bishop of Ballsrat leaves shortly for Europe on account of ill-healtb. The dry season will hasten the harvest in the North of South Australia several weeks before the usual time. A fair ave rage yield is expected, together with au excellent sample of grain. At Adelaide laBt Friday morning three constables went to arrest a youth at his parents' house for deserting the service of his employer, when they were set upon by the parents and sister of the lad and severely maltreated. The whole family were arrested, but are out on bail. Wagga Wagga, Saturday.—The Police have received intelligence of the arrest of a man, name supposed to be Andrew Digman, long wanted, and as the accom plice of Campbell in the murder of Pohi man Brothers at Narandera, some years ag°. The police have already arrested four or five men, supposed to be Andrew Digman, from time to time, but are now thoroughly satisfied that they have tho right man. A roan named Jonathan Clutterbuck was recently found dead in Bullock Creek, fifty miles from Norwood, in Queensland. He had apparently died of thirst. The Queensland Times says :—A fatal accident occurred in the Rosewood Scrub on Sunday last, the victim being a lad named Charles Duhs. a step-son of Wm. Schmidtchen, a farmer who resides on the Marburg road and just within the scrub. The deceased who was a fine little fellow about ten years of age, had gone to Sunday-school about nine o'clock that morning in company with several other elder children of the family, and when returning, about half-past ten o'clock, a couple of native hears were spied in a box-tree near the edge of the scrub. The little fellow wanted one of the others to climb the tree and get them down. They declined or were afraid, when be said that he would go up himself. He did so, and succeeded in shaking the younger bear off the limb to which he was clinging, but the old one went higher up the tree. We are told that the lad must have climbed to a height of 40ft. from the ground in pursuit of the bear, and while trying to shake her down the limb on which she was, and on which be was standing, gave way suddenly. A smaller branch which he was holding by also broke. In his fall he struck another limb about 10ft. lower, and it too gave way. He fell head-foremost on to a piece of sapling. His companions picked him up, but he only drew one heavy breath and died. Blood was oozing from the nose and ears, the skull was fractured, aud two wounds in the head were visible. 