COMMERCIAL REFORil IN ENGLAND. The prospect of. getting rid of the multi farious evils that cluster round tho English bankruptcy system, to which we adverted in a previous article, has certainly brightened of late, but whether it will be again obscured by adverse circumstances we cannot pretend to say. The story of tentative legislation in the same direction is so full of surprises that even the most sanguine n 111 perforce be content to hope and fear. NeTertheless, many circum stances concur to favour the probability of success on this occasion. Hostility to the present law ha3 been greatly intensi fied by several disgraceful revelations of the wanton perversion and abuse of which it is so susceptible, while matters have been further brought to a head by the incessant hammering at the door of reform and the insistent demands of the mercantile community for redress. During four successive sessions Lord Cairns could not secure the passage of amending and consolidating measures, and it may be presumed he grew weary of making the attempt, though it can in no wke be avouched that his zealous interest in the subject ha3 diminished one wit. In 1S80 the Conservative Attorney-GenerJ, Sir John Holler, brought in a Bill to the same effect as those submitted to the House of Lords in the first instance, and almost simultaneously another issued from tho mercantile portion of the House of Commons. When Mr. Gladstone acceded to power these two measures were referred to a large and influential Select ComW mittce, which, after consideration^ advised the'r withdrawal, and tho in* trodaction m their stead of a OOQX« prehersivo measure erabciyng tha re* solutions cet forth ;u their spcolal report presented in July lajt. It is hardlj doubtful tb -it the Bankruptcy Law Amende ment E^l promise 1 in tho Queen's Speech u'U proceed on the lines of tho Com* rrHtce'a r: commendation. Tho pro* triuenco t,Iven in tho Spc::h to tha subject is some as3uranco of the in- porteuco attached to it by tho Ministry.' The question is indeed more than ripe foa immed'ato diccucsior?, and tho seasoa opportune for the demolition of a system condemned by ita irnato viciousness. Ta grapple with the gigantic evils admittedly playing havoc with tho commercial morality of England ia f?r from being a facile task ; yet, earnestly sot about,' obstacles that are apparently formidabla will gradually disappear. Tho thro-3 things to bo sccomplishrd by any sound system of bankruptcy law arc—' First, It will collect and distribute speedily and cheaply tho prcjeity of tho bankrupt; among hia creditors according to thoie rights and priorities. Sc-condly, it will institute and carry through bach an examlcatJon of tl~o ban Inapt himself, hia conduct, aflaiia, and tho circun- stances o£ his failure, as wiH effectually distinguish in the process of final discharge between honest and unfortunate and re :kloss and fraudulent insolvents. And tb;rdly, all this will be done by a sK'{ul blending of he functions of the public tribunal, seek-*' ng only the ends of justice, and tha iction of the private creator intent nr'Hy on lessening his own bad debt by nek'ng the most of the bankrupt's assets.11, Whether or not all this can be achieve & it once remains to be seer. The likeHV lood is that in tbe ePort to attain what ia nost pressingly needful something will aave to be caoiificed. This would, how aver, be matter for regret, inasmuch as not merely crucial amendment, but consolida* tion, and preferably codification, of tho law of bankruptcy Is glaringly requisite. Tha chief blot on the system is, aa we hava shown in a former article, the easiness with which fraud can be committed whilg the practice of liquidation and composition by resolution only of creditors enduroav1 No such arrangement by resolution will hereafter, should tho law be altered in tha direction indicated, be allowable. It will have to be by deed, sanctioned in writing by the majority of the creditors. This was one of the proposals made familiar bj Lord Cairns's measures. Under tha present system the majority in a liquida* tion by prrangoment may defeat the claim of a creditor who perchance knew nothinj of tho proceedings until they were over^ Nothing of this kind is henceforth to ba permitted. An insolvent w'U require ta make an application to tho Court, whlctt' may then appoint a receiver until tha. creditors assemble under It? direction^ After this nothing short of the assent of a majority — signified by deccl 'requiring the trustee to administer tha estate according to the law of bank* ruptcy,' or 'a deed providing for tha payment of a dividend of at least 5s.', in the pound on the debts' — accepting an arrangement with the debtor will pre« vent the insolvency becoming a formal bankruptcy. Other recommendations of the Committee enjoin the enactment of conditions which will compel a debtor to make a clean breast of the whole of hid affairs. In the event of his statements being in any particular unsatisfactory, tha Court may require him to amend them speedily. A further safeguard against hasty or fraudulent 'whitewashing' la provided by the stipulation that dua notice must be given of a debtor's appli« cation for a discharge, which may,' however, be challenged by a creditos on the ground ' that tho deed oE arrangement, the statement of liabilities,' or the statement of assets is de fective or not bona fide, and the Court in is discretion will give judgment ac« cordingly.' But in all this there is na Btringent requirement, as in Scotland and France, compelling traders to keep theis books properly, and no fixed minimum aa to dividend payable precedent to dla« charge. Most likely these and kindred objections will bo pressed on the attention of Parliament, if they are not actually forestalled by tho inclusion in tho Bi'l of provisions calculated to obviate them. It has indeed been pointed out that tha resolutions adopted by the Select Com« mittee do not effectually cover a class o£ cases which is perhaps the-most scandalous of all. Should it appear that they fall short in this respect, the addition of curative provisions Bpccially intended to) correct reckless trading, which is tanta* mount to swindling, will be effected without serious opposition. Tho London bankers' and merchants' memorial plainly indicated the source of rnuch dangerous! mkchief. 'It is a fact,' it declared, ' that every year there 13 an increasing number of cases in which the grievous and dangerous scandal is exhibited of men fo'Ung for vast liabilities, and finding it easy, in consequence of the defects of tha present law, to get thoir speedy dtscharga by the payment of no dividend, or a dividend of some small fraction of a pound, or even shilling, and without being subjected to any efficient investigation of the'r affairs, or of their conduct and pro ceedings which have led to their insol vency.' It has frequently been urged thatmere palliatives cannot reach offenders guilty of such preconcerted misconduct and stained by criminal acts. Something akin to the French way of doaling with debtors who have traded recklessly oc failed to keep proper books ha3 beea advocated, Tho French law emphatically calls a spade a spade in matters relating to bankruptcy, and admits of no distinction between such improvident; speculation, with its attendant false pre tences and other evils, and thevban of common swindling. Bearing irr mind .- infamous cases, which, like tho Collie one, must have lowered English merchants in the eyes of many foreigners, we do nofc think any law would be too harsh which made more rugged to all debtors, and particularly perilous to defaulting, fraudu lent, and over-speculative onfs, tha hitherto too smooth road to pecuniary freedom. ? \ Government Exhibitions foh G^uls.— In another column we publish a lettel from a correspon^.t-nt under the slguatura 'G, S,' compkining of the way la ?which the recent .examination of candi dates for the Government exhibitions for girla was conducted. Our corrt '.pondent'a remarks certainly have some force in them. As to the relative merit'? of the candidates m the hte competition Tre are not, of course, able to speak, and 'we readily a-?niit that those who are examined are not a!way3 ths best judges of the value of their own papers As, however, the exhibitions for girl3 are open to scholars attending other schools ai ?well as to those attending the Advanced School for Girh, it ia very undea'-able that any one connected Y,lth the Educa tion Department, a3 the iDapector General is, should have anything to do with the examinations If, a3 our correspondent surest] 'some better principle than adding up the marks'1 haa been discovered for fixing tha jositicn of the candidates, this should certainly be made public, and it un doubtedly furnishes a very strong reason ?why the examinations should be con ducted by totally disinterested persona. We know it is not alwaja an easy matter to arrange for examinations in ao Email a community as ours : but ?we imagine little difficulty would Le found in. appointing a Board of competent persons to deal with the com petitions for these exhibitions and for the. other prizes in the gift of the Education Department. The perMyuid of the Board should be partially changed, say every second year, and the examiners thus ap pointed should have the Bole right of determining the position of the candi dates. Such a Board might, of course, make mistakes, but if the members were persons of known abji:ty and integrity, their decisions would, ?we believe, be generally accepted as satisfactory. We call attention to this matter now, so that the practice to -which our correspondent very fairly objects may be amended in the future. The smallnes3 of our community makes it the more necessary that in regard to public compe titions for Government prizes the arrange ments should be such as not to afford the vestige of a suspicion that anything like favouritism has bt an shown to particular candidates. Thh IscoiOTG Mail Sthamhh.— The E.M.3. Bohilla sailed from A'.bany at 6 a.m. on Wed neaday. She may, therefore, be expected t? arrive at Glenelg on Saturday afternoon. Exbcctitb Contort.. — Hia Excellency the Governor held a Council on Wednesday, at which two Ministers were present. H M.S. Mihasda.— This tt&t; vewel w?i early nnder way on Wednesday morning, and under easy steam she shaped a course down the Golf. Daring her stay here the officers have been favourably impressed with the place, its sur rounding, and the civility with which they Lave been received oi a'l hand*. AirOTHHR FlBB IS HlJtDLBT-STBBBT.— A fire which burnt with great iatscaity for a consider able time broke oat on the premises of Mr. Ealph, bootmaker, between 1 and half-past 1 this morning. The premises are situated in Hindley-street, three doors from Victoria street, and nearly opposite the Coffee Palace. The fire wai first reported at tbe Police 8tation by Constable Terrell, who noticed the flames start up, althoagh he wu some dis tance away at the time. One of the police on the beat in Hindley-3treet had p?«sed the place a few minutes before and had not then noticed any sign of fire. Before the arrival of the reels, however, the fre had gained great power, and the wrole of the centre and back part of the buildirjj were blazing away fiercely, and the flames were shcotk-3 through the roof in an alarming manner. In about a quarter of an hoar there were two reels on the ground, which were followed very soon afterwards by two more, and a splendid fores of water feeing properly directed on to the burning building it was not long before the mastery was gained by the fire- j men. Fears were entertained for the adjoining j shop of Mrs. Vincent, baker and confec- j tioner, but as the dividirg wall ia a very thick j one the flames were kepS to the one place. The firemen found it necessary, however, to break into Mrs. Vincent's for the puiposa of play ing a hose on to the neighbouring house, and con siderable damp ge was done to her place by water. Mr. Ralph's establishment ia completely gutted. We were unable to ascertain it he is insured. Reels Nob. 1, 2, 3, and 7 were present, under the direction of the Deputy-3uperintendent of Fire Brigades. A large body of police was on the ground, and as the number of spec tators was comparatively small there was no difficulty ia preserving order. It is con jectured that the fixe first broke out in tbe back part of the premises, and that it had been smouldering there- for some time before it was discovered. Some persons were in the house at the time the flames were first noticed, but they happily escaped unhurt. Adhlude Hospital— The following gentle men were on Wednesday respp Dinted by the Executive Council memtais of the Board of Management of the Adelaide Hospital: — Drs. Wyatt, Mayo, W. Gossf, Clindenirs, and Way, Messrs. J. Whyte, J.P., and M. Saloa-, J.P., the Mayor of Adelaide, Hon. J. Col'-tra. M.P., Hon. T. King, M.P. (Minister of Edueitioi), Er. 0. Gosae, Mr. T. D. Smeaton, J.P.. Dr. Thomas, Mm. Dr. Campbell, M.L.O., and Mr. F. Base do w, M.P. Thh Comxissiokhb op Crows La*db.— Mr. PS - ford, we undent rad, Intends to leive' Mel bourne tc-day and to rrich Millicent oa Satur day evening. He will there ta joined by tbe Snrveyor-Geneial, who ia now in the South-East district, and with whom the Commissioner will inspect the drained lands, the management of which has now reverted to the Crown Lands Department. Dkath ot Bahom Oamot?.— On? telegi-ims today convey the news of the death of Baron Gamoyt. The late peer was born in London In 1793, and was consequently in hw eighty-third year at the time of h:t dcith. In 1833 he was returned for Orford to ths House cf Oommor'). This position he resigned in the following year, and afterwards tried to regain, bat without ?access. In 1829 be became, upon the death of Mr. Biddulp, as the heir of his greatgrand mother, the senior coheir of the last Lord of Camoys, and in his favour Her Majesty was pleased to determine the abeyance of the Barony of Camojs by summoning him to Parliament. Inis seat had been vacant ever since the fifteenth century. Since lS-td he held until recently, with the exception of one year, the position of Chamberlain in the Queen'* House bold. He married Min Towneley in 1821, and had twelve children, the eldest of whom— Thomas S tenor— was born in 1824. /WHT7AL Statistics fob 18S0. — In another column we publish the first instalment of tbe annual statistics for 1S&0\. The table* are com iled from the official records, and every effotk has been made to secure their accuracy ; bat we are. of coarse, dependent upon the retinas published from time to time in the Guzttle, and for their correctness we cannot always vouch. As has been the c ise heretofore, our statistics appear several months before the time at which the ' Statistical Register'' is usually published. The figurei which we give t-day relate to population and land sale 3. Pawcs ArvBEir SAaeKS1 Hoira.— The Superintendent of this Home (Mr. G. Hills) in foxiM us tbat he b\a received gifta of books for the use of the inmates from Lieutenant Goalen, B.N., and Mr. J. HL Angas. The former gentle man tent foarteen volumes of Byron, fifteen volumes of Dicker*, ninety numbers of Black kooJ, and 400 numbers of Blaekvcoi and other books. CHAstBBB or Oojiubbch. — The quarterly meeting of the Chamber of Commerce wan held on Wednesday, January 19. - The only business done was tbe adoption cf the quarterly report of the committee, which made reference to the Colonial Conference to be held in England in February next, and of the appointment of Mejars. W. G. Cuthbertson and John Gordon as Escth Australian delegates. Samples cf wool grown ai Alice Springs were forwarded for inspection by the Postmaster-General. Acadbmt of Music.— The pantomime of ' Nursery Rhymes' wa3 repeated list evening tt this place of amusement to a moderate audi ence, considering the counter-attractions c! present drawing. Tha Waxworks and exhibi tion of curiosities still continue to be fairly patronised. Pobt Dock OoHPAST^-The half-yearly meet ing of tbe Port Dock Company was held in the Exchange ATbUration-room, Pirie itreer, on Wedneiday afternoon, Janniry 19, the Hon. J. Fisher, MX.C, in the cnair. The Directors reported as to the completion of the works and the openirj of the dock. The contract for ! i? -edging the channel from the inside of the ! Company's Eridge to the dock had been com- j ple'rd, and there wa3 now a depth of 16 fees at ' lowwite-. Ou+nde the Company's bridge the J approach from the river had beea dredged to a j drpth of 17 fcit, leaving only a narrow bar j remaining tinder tbe old bridge, on the removal I of which Bhips of any draught could come into j thedeck. A shed andofficca had been built on the ! toufh-w it couer of the deck. Two lerge j stares for Me3srs. Elder, Smith, & Co. and D. and J. Fowler, were 'now being erected on sites j facing the dock, and were fast approaching com- j pletion.'The South Australian Company's Bridge was now the or'y obstruction, and active atspa were fceirjg taken for its removal, lne r iiainss of the dc-k, although comparatively small, were very satisfactory, taking into account the imj cisibUity of getting ships of deep draught through the Company's Bridge. From the large j amount of business which bid been offered to J the dc 2k, the Directors felt confident that as : goon as the old bridge wai removed the share holders might confidently expe:t a gat-ifactory return for their outhy. The CHinnan, in moving the adoption of the report, explained the nature of the obi~'uciiori cinci by the bridge, and conversationally informed the shareholders what stepi the Company intended to tike t j endeavour to effect its removal. The balance -she et, which was also presented, showed a balance to the credit of the profit and loss r count of £l,S10 19j. 4d. The report and balance-sheet were adopted. The Auditor's re muneiation for the half-year was fixed at five guineas. Mr. G. W. Smith was re-el :ti I Auditor. SH.iwrH2BS' SocitTT. — Cjnsideiible friction is caused at timei in the relations of ship owners and Insurance Companies owing to the unsatisfac* ory state of the law respecting the loadline. We have previously stated that the Board of Trade refuse on the one hand to fix the freeboard for a shipowner, and on the other subject him to legal proceedings if he does not allow as much as their surveyors consider neces sary. The President of the Bcird of Trsde (the Bight Hon. J. Chamberlain) b« promised to remedy the anomaly by fresh legislation, but meanwhile the state of the law oc'-.ion un pleasantness between underwriters and ship owners where +hey d'ler n tj the loac'ine. We are informed that in consequence of com plaints in this direction rome local shipowners propose framing a protective Society ro attend to their interests in the matter. Captain Brinsden has bc?n rommissioned to write to Melbourne for information concerning the working of a kindred Society, and upon the reply further steps may be taken. Adelaide Lira Asstjbahcb aud Gcaeahteb Socebtt. — At a special meeting of the share holders oi'the above Company, held on Wednes day morning, January 19, Mr. W. Scott was elected without opposition to the vacancy on the Board of Directors caused by the death of the late Sir G. S. Kingston. The Chairman of the meeting (the Hon. J. Colton), in referring to the deceased knight, said that Sir George Kingston had been connected with the Com pany as a Director from its first formation, about fifteen years ago, and during half of that period had occupied the position of Chairman of the Board. Having had the honour to at-t with Sir George, he could say that the deceased had always been rejular in hi3 attendance, and very careful in the discharge of the duties of hia position. The Directors all regretted very much the loaa they had sustained by his death. MEZBOussaRxHiEinoa. — A telegram received by Mr. Ocatea, on January 19, from Mr. E. E. N. Twopenny, in Melbourne, says: — 'Note that Canowie got on8 second prize and two third', instead of two thirds only, aa previously on ? counted. Following awards are published tc day : — Bennett, fifth order of merit for carved emu eggs ; Tannert, second for basketware j Polhill, fourth for portmanteaus ; Weat-Erjkine fourth for breakwater model.' ' Sottth-Eastess Stab' ^?'Mini.c. - Tivs almanac, which bis been issued by the pupric tcrs of the -S. E. Star, 5s a very useful publirv tion, and contains a l'-ge amount of valuable information. Besides that which ia ordioirily comprised in a publication of the kind the book includes the Crown Iinr1! Act and the Act to extend the jurisdiction of Local Courfi, pjwed duriDg the Int se:3ion, hints on flower garden ing, a farm calendar, the Game and Fencing Acts, a sketch of the S. E. Districts, and an account of the lo- al cricket reason. All these nnnot fail to render the almanac of much service to perron in the district. LUNATIC ASYLUM VISITORS.— The following visitors to the Adelaide and Parkside Lunatic Asylum were re-appointed for one year by the Executive Council which sat on Wednesday: — Drs. Moore, Phillips, and W. Gosse, Mr. R. Rees, M.P., Mr. W. Cavenagh, M.P., and the Mayor of Adelaide. Tr^j Chops in \A4 South-east. — The South Eastern Star of January 18 says :—' Harvest operations are now in full swing, but the yield in most instances iri the Mount Gambier District will be very light. At out Kalangadoo tbe yield is more promisicj, and fifteen bushels to the acre is being reaped on some of the holdings. The price for new wheat, good milling samples, is from 3s. 3d. to 3s. 6d. per bushel.' Tps Wbeck of tfs Hfhhfohd. — The an nouncement of the sale of the wreck of the stranded ship Hereford (according to the Argus) drew a large attendance at the Exchange Auction Booms on Citurdiy mo:ning. The majority of thoee prrsent appeared to be attracted by curi osity as to the amount the wreck would fetch. A number of we'.-krown gentlemen representing tbe shipping interest were gathered in animated knots near the auctioneer's rostrum, and the competition was entirely coi fined to them. Mr. S. P. Lord conducted the 83le. The condition set out that the wreck and cargo should be knocked down to the highest bidder, terms net ca»h on the fall of the hammer. ^U usual con signees' rights were reserved. The bidding stertcd at £3,^00, and progressed by thousmds until £8,000 was reached. The bidding then went on slowly, each advance (with three exceptions) being £1CO. At £8,450 the bidding appeared to cease, and the wreck was nearly knocked down at that figure, but other bids of £50 were taken until £8,6CO was reached, at which price the property fell to Mr. Hugh Thomson, tanner, of 44, Flizabeth-itreet. The prrchaser of the wreck of the Hereford made arrangements through Messrs. John Blyth & Co. with Messrs. James Deane & Co. to dispatch a steamer on Saturday night with men and gear to the wreck, and also for the steamer Blackboy to bring up some salvage cargo. Very little time appears to have been lost, for the Blackboy was reported aa having errived at the Heads at twenty minutes to 6 o'clock last night with a full cargo from the wrecked vessel. Mr. James Patirson's steamer Rescue was also sent to the wreck with men and gear, but owing to the sea getting too heavy she returned yesterday with only a small quantity of cargo. SOUTH AUSTRALIAN FARMERS' ASSOCIATION.— A meeting of the Clinton Branch was held at the Clinton Public Boom on Saturday, January 15. The Chairman (Mr. A. S. Packer) presided. Two new members were elected, and three others were nominated. Eeceived from General Secretary petition re lailway wheat tariff, cir cular requesting names of ofSV^j of the branch, and other inforrrition. It was rerolved thit in the' opinion of the branch the subscription of members should remain the same as previously. Letter received from the Treasurer, stating that it had been intended to provide funds for wharf, &c;, at Wills's Creek, but that the intention was abandoned. The members present considered that the matter had been grossly neglected by the members for the district, as it was believed that through the:r cegk:t the ir?m was allowed to be struck oat. It was resolved that the Secretary write to the other branches in the Electoral District, asking them to co-operate in getting nen returned at the forthcoming elec tions who would properly attend to local mat ters of the kind. Fqz*i- B»\t-. — lie City Coroner cDa:taenced an inquest at tbe Destitute Asjlum on Wednes day morning, January 19, on the body of the man who was found lying deid in the olive plantation on the previous c?»y. Evident 3 wts taken with reference to the discovery of the body, on which a handkerchief was found beariag thentme'W. Keynolds'' on it. Ins inquest was adjourned till next Monday, owing to an illness contracted by Dr. O'Connell while zcakirjg ffce r --e;t-i:i?r1(m examination. I/BBTBrcnvB Fihh nt Stdxht.— We abridge the following account from the Sydnty Morning Herald of January 12: — 'A fire, which has resulted in the destruction of a very large amount of valosble propert/, occurred this morning in Barwjk- street. Eoon after midnight flames were discovered ia the warehouse of M. Bechet, general importer, situated close to the Savings Bark (from which- baildirj it is separated by a space of about six or eight felt). the Daily Telegraph Offico adjoining the pre mises on the other side. By the time the fire men arrived and got to work the fira had ob tained such hold of the building and its con tend, and was burning so ft-?ioualy, that there was no hope cf saving any portion of the pro perty. The grandeur of the sc3ne as the flames rolled out of evei/ window rid hole and from the roof of the spacious building equalled that of the Victoria Theatre on the night it suc cumtrd to a simil-r fate. The flemei shot high Into the air, and showers of sparks were carried by the wind for some considerable distance. The rcofs of the buildings adjoining M Bechet's establishment were just dtcbing fire from the shower of sparks rained upon them when the hose was r?ken through the Daily Telegraph Office, and tte incipient flames were quenched. Shortly before 1 o'clock the burn ing building presented a grandl) terrible sight. The stone walls stood firmly, thoagh the slate roof hei a ambled and fallen In, and through the aperturf 1 in it could be seen great rafters reddening into chw»lf while the burnt ghosts of chandeliers swayed to and fro, and now and then a great beim would fall like a giant torch. Cracks opened in the outer walls, and once or twice a panic eeiz;d the crowd — a panic which, owing to the presence of the police, only result: d in a little cruihirj and swaying, but which otherwise might have been the death of more than one. The wind; was in the eaat, aud so the sparks fell for the most ps^t bvmless; but still arxiety for the safety of the surrounding buildings lasted, until at 2 a.m. the fire wpi got well under. Consternation was great, ps might have been expected, in the Ttlf graph Office. The compositor*' frames and criej were removed, and owing to the confusion it was for a little time difficult to say whether the paper would be fcsued to-day. Subsequently the usual work of a newspapsr offics was carried on almcsi bt if no great fire was raging in the immediate vicinity. M. Beihet's warehouse was completely guttr d, and n floor aft?r floor, laden heavMy with expersive and irflamm^ble goods, eank down to preset re the blaze which, bnrstiag forth at every opening, drew together the enor mous crowd which tbrorjed Ydrk, Barrack, and G:orge ttree+i, exclamation of admiration roie freely from those f ssembled. At half-past 1 o'clcck a srr'-- i: shower fell, and this, seeing that the building was completely gutted, enabled tbe firemen to get tbe flames under, until at 2 a.m. bare hot wall? surrounding a great ratts of smouldering dt^rW showed that the fight was over, and that tie Savings Bank and the many warehouse! near at band were safe.' Inere being suspicious circumstances in connection with the fire the inquest is being held with closed doors. Captthb or Sthvb Fvrt's Bbothsb. — The Echuca correspondent of the Argus, writirjj on Jannaiy 15, nys: — 'A very important arrest was made early thiB mornirg near Perrjooota Station, New South Wales, by Constable Corkill, a fcot p olicem&n; stationed at Echuca. On Saturday morning If it a young man made his appearance at Tcollen, situated on the main Hurrsy-rosd, about twenty miles north of Heathcote, and, brandishing a revolver, pro claimed tint he was ' Steve Hart's brother, and the people of Heathcote would know so next day.' The man did not go to Heathcote, but took a westerly direction intend, striking the main Sandhurst and Heathcote road at a place called Kcowsley, situated about fourteen miles from Heathcote. There the young desperado stuck up a Chinaman, and robbed| him of £5 in cash and a watch and cbvin. The Chinaman, with three or four compatriots, cultivate an extensive garden on the Wild Duck Oreek, near Kimbolton, and take their produce to the Sand hurst rrsrket. Since the outr ige the police of Echnci, Sandhurst, Heathcote, Goornong- El more, and Rochester hate been on the alert, whilst the trcopers at Gunbower and Terrick Terrick have been constantly scouring the plains west of Echuca, for it was believed that tbje thief would make to the Tcrricks to see a young man named Bichard Hart (bro her of the bush ranger), who lived with a Kt. Cunningham, Terrick Terrick. It turned out that Hart himself was the highway robtsr, and he was returning from Greta across '.country to the Terricka when he committetl .- the offences. Constable Corkill found a trace of his man last night, and followed it up cqintinuoualy. He learnt that Hart hai crowed; the Muriay at Perricootp, forty miles down' the river from Echuca, last night, and this morning Corkill Bwam his horse across the stream at the same place. He found his man about two miles from the Pe.riccDta Station, making eastward, and arrested him. Hart said he was going up country, that he had robbed one Chinaman of £3, and that he hai thrown his revolver into the Campaspe at the Clare Inn. He said he had reached Echuca on 8unday last, and stayed there for two days, after having walked from Knowsley, fully sixty miles. Hart was brought into Echuca and placed in the lock-up. He i? a youth of about twenty, and villanous-looking. He stated that he had riken to the New South Wales side of the river tjcause there were too many troopers after him in Victoria. He couldi he observed, 'see the beggars a mile and a half away across the plains, but took gcod care they would not eee him.' Corstable Corkill deserves credit for the arrest, for the fe'low, if at large, would probably develop into a dingeroas ruffian. Hart did not attempt to resist the police when arrested. He at first gave his came as William Barr, and then said it was John Cunningham.' Cole's CiEcrs.— There was another crowded attendance at Cole's Circus and Menagerie on Wednesday evening, when everything passed off perfectly to the sitisfaction of the spectators. Miss Millie Tumour's wonderful balancing on the swinging tiapeze evoked considerable ap plause, and the athletic sports of the Living stone Brothers were heartily rewarded. The 'Congress of Living Wonders,' which were viewed after the circus entertainment, were ex tensively patronised, and the Indians nme in for a large share of the curiosity manifested by thoje present. Ceicket.— The Couth Adelaides on Wednes day made 100 against the Hindmarsh's 256, and the South Australians 23 againat the North Adelaides' 274. The Theathb Royal'.— ' Pink Dominoes' was played for the list time on Wednesday evening, and was received with continual rounds of laughter. To-night the management intend presenting the drama of ' It's Never too Late to Mend,' which, it will be remembered, was produced here some years ago. The play is founded upon the beat romance ever written, having its scenes laid in Australia. Mk. J. L. Haix.— We understand that Mr. J. L. -Hall, the comedian, has decided to settle with his family in Adelaide, having leased the fine premises on North-terrace known as Botanic House, which he intends to carry on a3 a public boarding-house, under the manage ment of Mrs. Hall, who will retire from the stage. Blood Poisosijco. — Dr. O'Connell, in con ducting the post-mortem examination on the body of the man found dead on Tunday, pricked a finger with the needle he was using, and blood-poison was the result. The doctor is at present progressing' favour *bly, though not out of danger. South ArsraALiAS Eifls Otra.— The half yearly meeting of the members of this Club will be held at the Prince Alfred Hotel this evening. McCahthy Reubf FrxD.— The concert to be given on Friday evening next fcy the Adelaide Mohawk Minstrel*, on behalf of the above fund, should be well attended. The company have j issued a good programme, and the memb3rs of J the Robert Enamit Band have kindly offered to ; play on the occasion. I New Eotal Cbows Miimro Ooitfant.— The ! manager reports that in consequence of having j to dean out the toiler and do sundry repiirs to j machinery contractors have been delayed in ? sinking shaft; but all is now right again, anl sinking is resumed. In future the toiler will i require less frequent cleansing, as fresh water is now being used in place of water from the mine. : Thh Atdixga.— This steamer, it will be seen by advertisement, will in all probability make a special trip to Meltourse on or about tha 22nd : instant, instead of on the 29th, as previously : advertised. i Thb Dssrrrrn Asn.nt.— Mr. E. G. Bosisto ) asks those who are willing to assist him in j getting up a concert for the entertainment of ? the jr=ateacf tie Destitute Asylom. 