TOWN TALK. Keuter telegraphs that business was entirely suspended in the United States on Monday, on tho occasion of the interment o£ the late President Gar field at Cleveland, Ohio, and that the deepest gloom overspread tho nation. The funeral was attended by nearly all tho prominent public men of tho States, and the utmost order and reverence marked tho conduct of the vast concourse-over 70,000 persona-during tho solemn proceedings. British sympathy was shown by the partial suspension of busiuess in London and other large centres of population throughout tho day. In the Legislative Council yesterday tho hon. G. F. Belcher vindicated himself from the chargo preferred against him by Mr Roes, in tho Assembly, of improperly becoming possessed of laud near tho Lara railway station. Tho hon. gentleman gave a full and complete exposition of the affair, which is fully reported in our Parliamentary proceed ngs. r The Supply Bill passed last night, for £076,000, . provides £25,000 for charitable institutions ; £155,000 for municipalities; for Botanical and Domain gardens, £2500 ; for public parks, gardens, and reserves, £23,000; for the extirpation of rabbits, £2500; anil for education, £143,000. The hou. tho Treasurer last night, in reply to Mr Johnstone, stated that no provision was made on tho Estimates for building a new Courthouse at Geelong. Mr Berry last night, in Committee of Supply, said the liberal Opposition would not imitate the laches {of the conservatives, but would assist the Government to obtain : tho supplies deemed necessary. , Yesterday forenoon the dead body of the man found floating in the bay on Sunday . morning was identified by Mrs Edwin Bdtler, of Orr-street, Catlton, as that of her husband, aged 27 years. He appears to iavo left his home on Wednesday, the 21st inst., to visit a friend in Melbourne, in order to get a letter of introduction to a Geeloog resident, with tho view of 'obtaining admis. | sion to the hospital. Since then nothing I was hoard of his whereabouts until his ap pearance on boacd the steamer Alert on Friday, and the finding nf the body on Son day morning. A magisterial enquiry was held on the body yesterday afternoon, when it was decided that death was caused by drowning, but that there wat uo evidence to Bhow how tho deceased got into the water. The recent mission of the Rev. Father Henneherry, the stirring advocate of tempe rance principles, appears to have had a bene ficial effect in tho Western District. Many of tho publicans in the districts stretching from Colac to Portland are complaining of the absence from their bars of former regular customers, and their receipts during the past .three months have exhibitcda large decreaso. There has been also a noticeable increase in tho domaod for those liquors known as " soft tack." Thishasgiven an opportunity to an enterprising cordial manufacturer at Warr nambool to ,mako a new temperanco bovo ;rage called "The Honneborry wine,'* and the demand for it latterly has exceeded the supply. Tho opening sales of tho ensuing wool season will be held about tho 18th October. ^ The human skull found a fetv weeks since in a private garden in Cbilwell was buried . yesterday with theremains of the man Butler, who was found drowned in the bay on Sun day last. j The quarterly meeting of the Sons of Tem- ' perance was held last night, when arrange ments were made for a pienio to Queensciiff, by water, on tho 9th November. ? The Ballarat town and city firo brigades [have decided to hold their ' annual pio-nic this year at Queensciiff, on the 20th October next. The friends of the' Rev. Chaa. Clark, the popular lecturer, will bo interested In know ing that ho is at present locatod at Notting ham England. By tho Christian World of the 11th August we notice that tho rev. gentleman has received and accepted an in vitation to become the pastor of the Haven Green church. Alyoung woman named Emma Worzeldine was arrested yesterday evening by Sergeant O'Heare, and lodged in the lockup on a charge of vagrancy. Miss Worzeldine was arrested on a warrant signed by the magis trates at Ballarat. The following accident oases wereattendad to at tho hospital yesterday : - David M'Arthur, aged 15 years, a resident of Geelong, was treated for a sprained ankle, caused by slipping on the pavement through treading upon a piece of orange peel. Con stable Keegan had a sprained wrist dressed, the injury being caused in tho barrack yard by a fall, owing to tho constable trip ping over a fence lying on the ground: Thomas Larkin, aged 31 years, a resident of Modewarrc, had a splinter taken out of one of his fingers, tho injury being sustained whilst Larkin was lifting a rail off the ground. A public meeting of tho inhabitants of Kensington and Wnllington was held in the Temperance Hall on ' Monday evening, to consider tho advisability of start ing a free library. Mr Sparks oc cupied tho chair, and Mr Wallace was appointed secretary pro (em. It was explained that the hon. G. F. Belcher and Mr J. F, Levien, tho member for tho dis trict, had kindly promised to use their influence in assisting to 03tablish tho library, and that tho trustees for tho Tempcronce Hnll would, pending tho erection of a suit able building, allow the use of their hall for tho purposes of a free library at a moderate rental. The secretary was instructed to write to Messrs Belcher and Levien, request ing them to use their influence iu obtaining a portion of the building and book grant voted by Parliament for the support of freo libraries throughout the country districts A. provisional committee,consisting of Messrs Sparks, Brain, Knight, Wallacc, Beaumont, and Ash, was then appointed to mako tho necessary preliminary arrangements, and the meeting adjourned until Monday, the 3rd proximo. The Mayor attended at tho Polico Coart yesterday raor"ing, when "De mau ^ charged with having been drunk and die orderly, aud discharged with a caution. We learu that the trustees of the New General Cemetery are making a special effort to collect: funds, to enablo them to effect much-needed improvements therein. As there is no'doubt that these are very mnch required, it is to be hoped that the appeal which is now being made to the frieuds of those who have thero found a last resting place will meet with a liberal response. The second of a series of lectures by the Rev. A. M. Moore, on " Tho Confession of Faith," was delivered last evening in the Reformed Presbyterian Church, Fenwick street. There were about 150 persons present. The lecturer dwelt at length on the redemption, tho atonement, predestina tion, and original sin, as taught by " The Confession of Faith," and urged his hearers to believe them as so taught. He denounced broad churchism,and thought Christians had no more right to hold broad or loose views in religion than in morals. Ho exhorted the congregation to adhere firmly to " The Con fession of Faith" and its doctrines. The lecture was brought to a close by tho Rev. A. M. Moore pronouncing tho benediction. A meeting of the North Geelong Crickot. Club was held last evening at tho Eureka Hotel, Mr Wilcox in tho chair. Thero were about 20 members present. Several new members wero elected, and tho following were appointed office- bearers:-Geueral Com mittee-Messrs M'Shane, Baker, Duncan, Hargraves, Trait, and Cunningham ; second Eleven Match Committee-Messrs M'Shane, Cunningham, and Friend ; captain of the Second Eleven, Mr M'Shane ; vice-captain, Mr Friend. The weather yesterday was CIobo and muggy, and threatening rain. In tho ovoning soveral drizzling showers foil. Wo understand that the Mirror of Eng land, a panoramic exhibition which made a tour of the colonies six or seven years sinco, will bo again brought to Geelong shortly. Messrs Ducker and Co. havo within the last few days sold tho following properties : Fairfield Hall, Myers-street cast, for £725, and Leura, Jhe lato residence of Mr F. G. Thomas, in Noble-street west, for £525 ; also two cottages iu Yarra-stroet, for £325 and £1S0 respectively ; a cottage in William Place for £40, and a cottage in Albert Place for £50. Four Chinese converts wero baptised as Christians by Dr Steele, on Sunday," at St. Stephen's Church, Sydney. In the case of tho firo which occurred at Sydney on Friday, on tho premises of Messis Gottschalk and Marsdoii, tho jury returned an opon verdict, but expressed dissatisfac tion with the manner in which both mem bers of tho firm gave their evidence. The sad fate of tho lato President Gar* field was spoken of at the meeting of the Ballarat City Council on Monday, and it was resolved to forward to Washington, through the Imperial Government, tho council's con dolence witli the States in their national misfortune. Tho Horsham Times, in referring to tho departure from Horsham of Air D. E. Martin, states that he has been appointed as tho successor of M r A. R. Wallis, in tho Department of Agriculture. A presentation was mado to Mr Martin beforo leaving Hor sham. ®Afc tho annual meeting of tho Ballarat Turf Club, held on Monday night, it was re solved to hold a Christmas race meeting on tho 26th and 28th December, and on the 27th to unite with tho yachting and rowing clubs to assist at the regatta to be held on ho lake on that date. A little girl named Julia Croker, an orphan, died suddenly at Ballarat on Mon- day from tho effects of some poisonous liquid she had got hold of and drunk on Sunday afternoon. The child was living with in elderly woman named Mrs Anderson. A strange discovery was mado on Monday by a gentleman whilst visiting his wife's grave at the Rookwood Cemetery, New South Wales. Ho found open an empty coffin, bearing tho-marks of having been re cently disinterred. The lid was gone, evi dently by having been violently wrenched open, and the heads of the screws were broken. The matter, has been, placed in the hands of the polico. A complimentary banquet was given on Monday night, at Sydney, to Michael Rash, the Clarenco River sculler. About 60 per sons were present: "Rush, who waB"'enthu-; siastically cheered, remarked, in responding to the toast of his health, that as he beat Laycock in the race for the championship in the fastest time on record, he considered ho defeated his opponent on his merits. Ho also stated that he intended to retire from owing. The following circular to head teachers of state schools has been issued by: the Educa tion department:-" It having.bean . ropre- : sented to the hon. the Minister of Public ; Instruction that the circular re the resting of female and pupil teachers has been dis regarded in a great many schools, head teachers are now informed that it is the ' Minister's desire that the instruction as "to female teachers not being required to.,stand for a longor period than an hour and a half ? at a time ii to be strictly complied with." Daring the recent voyage of the immi grant ship Nineveh a practical joke was perpetrated whioh has led since to unhappy consequences. One of the young female immigrants dressed herself io a sheet, pre tending to be a ghost. At dead of night she stalked through the sleeping girls, whom she aroused. In one instance - the, shock was so severe that a girl lost her reason and became hopelessly insane. She was ex amined on the arrival of the ship by medical men, on.whose certificate she has been sent to the asylum. ' An extraordinary charge was preferred at the police court, Sydney, by a woman named Annie Delsohn, against her huBband, whom sheaccnBedbf attempting to murder her. She Btated that he presented a loaded revolver at her head, and used a threat that he would shoot her dead. The complainant, who is an attractivo young woman, deposed that she had been only a fortnight married. Her husband compelled her against her will to marry him by presenting a revolver at her head, and threatening to shoot her unless she complied. She was afraid of her life owing to his vio lence. The case was remanded after the defendant had been boand over to .keep tho peace towards a lad named Mnrray,, whom he had also threatened to shoot. ~ Tim native difficulty in New Zealand is again causing much anxiety. The Maoris at Parihaka, the head quarters of Te Whiti, the native prophet, are in a very disturbed condition, and talk openly of resisting by force the occupation of the Waimato Plains. Owing to the threatening aspect of affairs the Government has determined to strengthen tho forces on tho West Coast, and advertisements have been inserted calling for recruits to the armed constabu lary. A prompt response has been received, and a large number of trained men have offered their services. The Native-Mini ster, Mr Rolleston, is now on a visit to tho Plains, and ho reports that all is quiet there, but the Government deem it necessary to take precautions against any outbreak of the natives. " We have received the tirst number of "The Early Closer," a well printed paper devoted . to the interests of men employed in the * warehouses and Bhops of the metropolis. A special meeting of the North Geelong Football Club will be held this evening at the Eureka Hotel. Tliia ovening the anDual meeting of the Geelong Swimming Club will bo held at the Free Library; Tho annual meeting of tho GeeloDg and Western District Fish Acclimatising Society will be held in the Meohanics' Institute class-room this evening. The Grand National Exhibition, under the auspices of the Ballarat Agricultural and Pastoral Society, will be held on the 27th and 28th October. Entries for tho exhibition must be made on or before tho 15th October. Attention is called to an advertisement in another column informing those who have agreed to contribute articles to the miscel laneous auction, on Saturday afternoon, in connection with the bazaar in tho exhibition building, that live stock and perishable: goods will bo sent for on Saturday morning.' It also {appears that, however absurd or valueless tho donation may be, tho donor's name will not bo recorded in connection therewith. On Saturday next there will bo a football match on the Corio cricket ground between the Carlton Brewery and Newtown antl Chilwell Firo Brigades. The summer bathing Beason at tho Geelong Sea Bathing Company's Batha will commence next Saturday. Tho scale of chargeB ia published in our advertising columns. Tenders are invited by the Postmaster General for a supply of tolegraph poles. 