[?] Church, of England General Synod. Thursday, Octobee 13. WIDOWS AND ORPHANS OF CLERGY. Eev. Canon Selwyn moved, — ' Whereas it is expedient to take advantage of every means by which the church in the various dioceses may be more closely united together, and to avoid anything which places a barrier in the way of the clergy freely moving from one diocese to another, as may at times be expedient, this synod thinks it desirable that a committee should be appointed to consider and report, at a later period of the session, whether any, and if so, what steps can be taken to prepare the way for a general system, under which provision may be made for the widows and orphans of the clergy, as well as, if possible, for aged and infirm clergy.' Bev. Canon King seconded the resolution. The resolution was agreed to, and on the motion of Rev. Canon Selwyn, a committee ot thirteen, representing the ? various dioceses, was formed. THE ABORIGINAL HEATHEN. The Bishop of Perth moved—' That it is advisable that the work of the evangelization of the aboriginal heathen ill the northern and north-western portions of this continent be taken up unitedly by all tho dicvesos in Australia and Tas mania.' After debate the ro»lun«i vras tl;m amended so as to in clude mission work th touch Australia and adjacent islands, and was passed in the fallowing terms,—' That it iB advisable that the work of the evangelization of the aboriginal heathen on this continent and adjacent islands be taken up unitedly by all the dioceses in Australia and Tas mania; and that it beau instruction to the Board of Missions that it is expedient to make a new and immediate effort to secure the co-operation of the Baid dioceses in aboriginal mission work.' ECCLESIASTICAL ORGANIZATION. ? Mr. Alexander Gordon moved, — ' That a select com mittee be appointed to prepare and submit to the synod general rules— First, for the formation of provinces; second, for the formation of provincial synods in those pro vinces ; and third, for regulating the position and status inter se of provincial metropolitans.' The Bishop of Melbourne seconded the resolution. He thought it would be conceded that no one of the bishops had more interest in what the synod was about to do than he himself. He had very little to say in respect of letters patent. He could wish that they should be kicked into a limbo from which they would never emerge. They did not affect our future. No more letters patent-would be issued by the Crown. Our future could not depend on them. Every future bishop that was got for Australia would come into office with some other authority. What were the members of the synod here to-day for? They were here in view of a serious crisis. There was a bishop over this diocese venerated and beloved by everv member of it; a man of calm, cool, keen intelligence; a man of high character, of singular personal influence ; a man he should be proud to call himself a suffragan of — such a man as that coming to nearly the close, in all human probability, of an episcopate such as this, left them in no unperplexed position as to the choice of his successor. God forbid that they should be anticipating an end which might be far away, hut with the state of the metropolitan's health and other circumstances, they could not conceal from themselves that the diocese of Sydney might be called upon at any moment 1 without the help of letters patent, without anything to set them in motion but their own motion, to appoint a Bishop of Sydney, and he asked the synod what they were going to do. If the dipcese of Sydney acted alone they could not expect that the other dioceses would fall in with whatever . they might desire to do. That was an impossibility. And what he desired to do was to give all the help in his power to construct such a system as should be reasonable and right for the future guidance of all the Australian dioceses, and in doing so he would say half a-dozen words about the letters patent. He recognized that those letters patent in dicated the intention of the Crown to make Sydney the Metropolitan of Australia, and in view of that intention it was his bounden duty to do all he could, and he would do all he could, to keep Sydney in the premier position in these colonies. (Hear, near.) It was a question for him how that could be done in conformity with fundamental ecclesi astical principles, and Mr. Gordon would find in him a vigorous co-operator in putting this matter through on a ground that would be mutually applicable to all of them. With regard to this Gene ral Synod, it was a representative and august assembly, and in assisting to deal with the question now before them, the very humblest member was going to do ail act which would affect, and they could not tell how power* fully or for how long, all generations of men and the whole Church of God in this wide continent of Australia. (Cheers.) The name given to the present Bishop of Sydnev in calling him primate was a name that implied not only a metropolitan, but a good deal more. A prima te was a man who was at the head of several metropolitans.. He hoped this title would remain with the Bishop of Sydnev ; he hoped that he would not only he a metropo litan, but the head of metropolitans; he hoped that this would always be the primatical see of Australia. But if it were, he would ask the synod to remember that the diocese of Sydney could not elect the pri mate. It was an impossibility. There might be com- } promises found, and he hoped there would be comprises found, whereby the diocese of Sydney would not be deprived of its proper voice in the election of a man who was to be primate |of all Australia ; but if he was to be primate of all Australia, and to receive the allegiance of the bishops of Australia, it could not be imagined that those bishops would put themselves under a man who was elected by the diocese - of Sydney. (Cheers.) Tzie resolution was agreed to, and the following names were chosen as those of the committee : — Bishops of Mel bourne, Newcastle, Goulburn, Bathurst, Perth, and Bris bane; Archdeacon of Hobart, Archdeacon Farr, Arch deacon Child, Mr. J. W. Rogers, Q.C., Hon. T, IV A'Beckett, Canon Allwood, and tne mover (Mr. Alexander Gordon). ecclesiastical offences. Rev. Canon King moved, — ' This synod resolves that it is highly desirable that in the dioceses of Australia and Tasmania there should be a properly constituted diocesan tribunal for the trial of ecclesiastical offences.' ' The motion was passed. executive council. Rev. Canon Selwyn moved, — ' Whereas it is desirable that there should be some recognised body to act for and on behalf of this synod in the intervals between its sessions, an ' executive council shall be, and is hereby constituted, whose duty it shall be to communicate the determinations of this synod to the various dioceses, to carry out its resolutions, to conduct such correspondence as may be necessary for for warding the work of the synod, and to prepare and arrange, as far as possible, any business proposed to be brought before it at each session ; Buch council to consist of the following members : — The primate, and one clerical and one lay repre sentative from each diocese, five to form a quorum.' After discussion, the resolution was amended, and passed in the following form : — ' Whereas it is desirable that there ; should be some recognized body to act for and on behalf of this synod in the intervals between its sessions, a committee shall be, and is hereby constituted, whose duty it shall be to communicate the determinations of synod to the various dioceses, to cany out its resolutions, to conduct such correspondence as may be necessary for forwarding the work of the synod, and to prepare and arrange, as far as possible, any business proposed to be brought before it at each session ; such committee to consist of the following members: — The primate, or his representative ; together with three clerical and three lay representatives, elected by. 1 the ey nod at each cession. Any vacancies occurring through death, resignation, incapacity, or disqualification, shall be filled by the Primate.' FINANCE COMMITTEE. Mr. Shepherd Smith moved, — ' That a Finance Com mittee be appointed, consisting of Mr. Alexander Stuart, Bod. W. H. Suttor, and Hon. G. H. Cox.' The motion was passed. Friday, Octoeee 14. THE REVISED VERSION. 'Ven. Archdeacon Fare, moved, — 'That this synod flesirea to convey its thanks, through the Archbishop of Canterbury, to the Right Rev. the Lord Bishop of Glouces ter and Bristol, and the company associated with him in ihe revision of the authorized version of the New Testa ment; and, satisfied of the faithfulness of the revised translation to the authentic Greek manuscripts, approves of the use of such revised version in churches, provided the consent of the bishop of the diocese be given tor such ?«o, on the written application of the minister ftn4 parishioners of any parish, or members of any extra* parochial congregation; duly certified to the bishop.' The first paragraph Wifl put to the synod and passed. Archdeacon Farr replied ; and the second part of the resolution was then, by leave ot the synod, withdrawn. order foe the burial of the dead. The Yen. Archdeacon Farr moved,—' Whereas the Con ▼ecation of Canterbury recommends that the following notice be added to the order for the burial of the dead ( Vide Convocation Prayer Book) : — Nevertheless in cases In which neither of the aforesaid offices may be used, it shall not be unlawful for the minister to use, after the body has been laid into the earth, prayers taken from the Book of Common Prayer, and portions of Holy Scripture, approved by the Ordinary, so that they may not be a part of the Order for the Burial of the Bead, nor of the Order of the Administration of * Holy Communion ; ' and whereas in the Burials Act there is a clause which gives effect to this proposed Rubric, and gives authority to the bishops in England to draw up a form for their respective dioceses, and a form has been drawn up by the Lord Bishop of Ely for use in his diocese, a copy ef which is laid upon the table, and the form has been adopted for use in the diocese of Adelaide by the Lord Bishop of Adelaide at the request of his diocesan synod, X move that this form is approved of by the General Synod for use in the diocese of Adelaide.' The Bishop of Ballarat moved, as an amendment cn the resolution, — 'That all the words after the word * Whereas' . be omitted, and that the following words be inserted: — 'It is desirable that a form of burial service should be drawn up according to law, for use. in cases where the office of the burial of the dead may not be used ; this synod, having received with respect the courteous communication of the Lord Bishop of Adelaide, refers the question of the preparation of such form to the committee of the House of Bishops already appointed to consider the preparation of special offices and forms of prayer.' ' After some further discussion the resolution was with drawn in favour of the amendment moved by the Bishop of Ballarat, and that amendment was then put and passed. relations of thb church to other churches. Archdeacon Hales moved, — 'That the Right Reve rends the Bishops of the Dioceses in Australia and Tas mania, if they so approve and determine, be requested to draw up such rules as in their wisdom, guided by the Spirit of God, they may deem suitable ' for the regulation of the relations of the church to other branches of the Church of Christ.' ' The Bishop of Ballarat moved the following amend - Hient, — ' That this synod desires to record its deep sympathy with all true branches and members of the Church of Christ on earth, by whatever name or system of organiza tion they may be distinguished,, but is of opinion that the mode of practically expressing this sympathy is not a fit subject for the framing of formal regulations.' He shrank from framing these regulations, for he was quite sure any attempt to do so would only be a failure, and then harm instead of good would be done to the great cause of Christian charity. The Bishop of Melbourne said the members of other churches did not -desire to enter into communion with the members of the Chnrch of England. They would like the Church of England, by one or two single acts, to recognise them in come way or other as ministers of Christ to the people among whom they served. They did not wish to exchange pulpits. He was against an exchange of pulpits. If in any future synod a gentleman brought forward a resolution to the effect that there should be not an exchange of pulpits but simply a symbolical act implving that the members of the Church of England felt eternal sympathy towards those who with high Christian character were exercising their ministry among Christian people, and that to signify this the bishops were requested from time to time as they should see fit to indicate a union by such means; he would vote for it with all his heart. He would support the amendment moved by the Bishop of Ballarat. Borne further remarks were made, and with the consent of the synod the resolution was then withdrawn in favour of the amendment moved by the Bishop of Ballarat. The amendment was then passed. Monday, October 17. resignation. The Bishop of Goulburn announced the resignation of the Hon. Charles Campbell as member of the synod. The resignation was accepted, and Mr. W. C. Harris allowed to take his seat in the synod in the place of the Hon. C. Campbell. TOTE OF THANKS. The Bishop of Goulburn moved,— 'That this synod desires to put on record the expression of its grateful admi ration of the munificence of the Hon. John Campbell towards the church in New South Wales by devoting the sum of £10,000 for the endowment of a new diocese in Riverina, and trusts that the weal thy members of the church will emulate his princely liberality in thus aiding the church in Australia.' (Cheers.) The motion was carried by acclamation. marriage regulations. The Bishop of Perth brought up the following report of the committee appointed to prepare regulations affecting marriage within the dioceses in Australia and Tasmania in such form as may seem most expedient to it : — ' Your committee have taken into consideration the subject submitted to them, and recommend — 1. That no marriage should be celebrated by the clergy otherwise than after the publication of banns or by a license issued or sanctioned by the Bishop. 2. That when the usual method of the publication of banns shall prove, in any diocese, owing to special circumstances, impracticable, they shall be published as directed by the bishop of the diocese. 3. That no marriage be celebrated otherwise than in a church or accustomed place of public worship, except when the parties concerned reside more than four miles from such church or place of public worship, or when special permission shall nave been granted by the bishop of the diocese; provided that in urgent cases when reference to the bishop is practically impossible the clergyman shall act on his discretion and forthwith report the circumstances to the bishop. 4. That in all matters of detail connected with the solemnization of matrimony such as the hour of solemnization, the previous residence lot the parties, a second solemnzistion in mixed marriages, &e.;, the authority of the bishop in each diocese should be regarded as decisive and final. 5. That, subject to the approval of the bishop in each diocese, it is desirable that all licensed clergymen should be surrogates, and that the fee for the marriage license (if any) shoidd be moderate, so as to bring the marriage license within the reach of all classes of church people. 6. That before taking a declara tion each clergyman shall satisfy himself that the parties fully understand the nature of the declaration they are about to make.' The report was read and received. THE 6ERYICES OF THE CHURCH. The Rev. C. F. Garnsey moved,—' That, in the opinion of this synod, it is desirable that the services of the church, asproviued is the Prayer Book, Bhoald be carried out in the I churches of the dioceses in Australia and Tasmania where ' practicable.' ' - Archdeacon Child seconded the motion. After some desultory discussion the motion was by leave withdrawn. the canons of 1604. The Rev. W. S. Wilson moved,— 'That although the canons ot 1604 are not held, to be binding on the church in the dioceses of Australia and Tasmania, yet it is convenient that such provisions of the same as have not been super seded by enactments made by any authority of the church in England, or by any regulations adopted by any ej nod of the said dioceses, or as are not in their nature inapplicable to the altered circumstances of the church in these colonies, shall be observed in the ordering of the church, until other order be taken ; and that a committee of this synod be appointed to draw up for presentation to next General Synod a code of canons in lieu thereof, for the general discipline of the church in these dioceses, in all matters in .which uniformity of rule is desirable, leaving it to the diocesan and provincial synods to regulate such other matters aemay be more fitly dealt with therein,' A lengthened discussion followed, in the course of which the opinion was expressed by several speakers that the canons were always in force where they were not contrary to statute law. Eventually the motion was negatived by a large majority on a show of hands. The synod adjourned at 11 p.m. Tuesday, October 18. formation of provinces. The minutes of the previous sitting having been read, Mr. Alexander Gordon moved the second reading of Determination I.— 'General rules for the formation of provinces and the regulation of matters connected there I with.' These resolutions had not been arrived at on the ground of what was usually called a compromise-r-a sort of 1 give and take principle. The committee had adopted certain leading principles and submitted them to the synod to endorse. They had first of all decided that whatever course they adopted would not in any way interfere with the pre sent status of the Bishop of Sydney. They also agreed to recognise the history of the church in this colony, which made it evident that the See of Sydney was historically the mother see of the colonial sees, and consequently the bishop of that see should stand in the relation ship of primacy or priority towards the bishops of the other sees. The third point they agreed upon was that it was desirable that the sees of the church in Aus tralia and Tasmania should be grouped as far as possible in provinces. After considerable debate, the determination was read the second time. The synod then went into committee for the consideration of the determination in detail. The title was postponed. Clause 1. ' Without prejudice, and subject to the position and rights of the present Bishop of Sydney as metropolitan and primate, the Bishop of Sydney for the time being shall, in conformity with the past history of the church in Aus tralia, and for the purposes of these rules, be held to be primate of the dioceses constituting the General Synod, with all the powers and authorities conferred on the primate by the constitution of the General Synod, and by the deter minations thereof ; and shall also be ex officio president of the General Synod.' The clause as printed was agreed to. Clause 2 : ' The primate shall have such authority over the metropolitans of provinces formed under these rules, and over the bishops of dioceses not included in any such provinces as the General Synod may within the powers conferred on it by the constitution from time to time determine. Ard the metropolitans of provinces formed under these rules shall have such authority over the bishops of .such .provinces as the General Synod may, within the powers so conferred on it as aforesaid, from time to time determine.' The clause as printed was agreed to. Clause 3. After discussion the clause was agreed to in the following amended form : — ' When the see of Sydney stiall next become vacant the dioceses within the colony of New South Wales shall be treated as having been formed into a province under these rules by the style of the Province of New South Wales, the Bishop of Sydney being metropo litan thereof. And on the see of Sydney becoming vacant the synod of the diocese shall nominate, in such manner as may to them seem expedient, three duly qualified persons to the bishops of the said province ; and the said bishops, or a majority of them, shall nominate two of such persons to the bishops of Australia and Tasmania. And whichever of such two persons the said bishops or a majority of them shall elect shall be primate, and shall also be metropo litan of the said province and bishop of Sydney. Provided always that it shall be competent for the synod of the diocese of Sydney, in place of the above nomination of three qualified persons, to appoint a committee to act with the bishops of the province, and with the bishops of the dioceses in Australia and Tasmania, or with committees of such bishops appointed by them respectively; and such diocesan committee and bishops, or their committees, shall have power by concurrent majorities to elect a duly qualified person who shall be primate, and shall also be metropolitan of the said province and bishop of Sydney.' Clause 4 was agreed to, as follows : — ' When the bishops, clergy, and laity of three or more dioceses shall desire to be formed into a province, such desire being evidenced by reso lutions duly passed by the synods of the several dioceses, they shall submit to the primate proposals for the formation of the province, which proposals shall include a provision if the province is conterminous with a colony, for making tne capital city of the colony the see of the metro politan bishop, and if tne province is not conterminous with a colony then for leaving the determination of the see of the metropolitan bishop to the bishops of the proposed pro vince, or the majority of them; and the primate snail forthwith bring such proposals before the bisnops of Aus tralia and Tasmania, and if the proposals are assented to by a majority of such bishops, the formation of the province shall take place ; but if the proposals are not assented to by a majority of such bishops, the matter shall be referred to the General Synod at its next meeting, whether ordinary or specially called for the purpose of dealing with the refer ence.' Clause 5 was agreed to as printed, namely : — ' The forma tion of a province shall be certified by means of a declaration in writing under the hand and seal of the primate, and under the hands and seals of the bishops of the province to be formed. And there shall be annexed to such declaration a schedule containing the proposals for the formation of the province as assented to. And the province shall be taken to be formed from the date of the declaration, which declara tion shall be executed in duplicate ; one part to be kept in the registry of the diocese of Sydney, and the other part to be kept in the registry of the metropolitan diocese of the province.' Clause 6. — ' Whenever the see of the metropolitan of a province except in the case of Sydney shall become vacant, the synod of the diocese shall nominate in such manner as may to them seem expedient, two duly qualified persons to the bishops of the province. And whichever of such two per sons the said bishops or a majority of them shall elect shall be the metropolitan and bishop of the metropolitical see.' The Bishop of Ballarat proposed to add the following proviso : — 'Provided always that it shall be competent for the synod of the said diocese in place of the above nomination of two qualified persons to appoint a committee [ to act with the bishops of the province or with a committee appointed by the said bishops, and such diocesan committee of the said bishops or their committee shall have power by | concurrent majorities to elect a duly qualified person who [ shall be metropolitan of the said province. Ihe amendment was adopted, and the clause agreed to in its amended form. Clause 7 — ' No bishop shall be consecrated to any diocese within a province without the consent of the metropolitan of that province' — was negatived as being provided for in a previous determination, and therefore unnecessary. Clauses 8, 'No change Bhall be made in a province formed under these rules as to its extent or otherwise except with the sanction and under the direction ot the General ' Synod ; ' and 9, ' Rule III. of determination I. of General Synod, session 1872, is.hereby repealed' — were agreed to as printed. Clause 10. ' So 60on as conveniently may be after the formation of a province, the bishopB and clerical and lay representatives of the church in the several dioceses of the province shall meet under the presidency of the metro politan thereof, and shall agree upon the constitution of the provincial synod of the said province.' Mr. Rogers proposed 'the following as an addition: — ' But it shall not be necessary for the action of the pro vinces, or of the metropolitan, or of the bishop thereof, that any such constitution should have been first agreed to.' The nwpndmftnt was agreed to, and the clause passed as amended. . . Clause 11—' That such constitution shall, as nearly as the circumstances of the case will permit, be framed on the flflTi of the constitution of the General Synod. Provided always that the powers of the Provincial Synod shall be limited to matters and things concerning the order and good government of the church in the province ; and that no ordinance or other determination of the Provincial Synod fihnll contravene any determination of the General Synod. And provided also that due provision shall be made to enable the Provincial Synod to accept the determinations of the General Synod'— was agreed to as printed. An interpretation clause having been added on the motion of Mr Rogers, the House resumed, and the determination was reported with amendments. The adoption of the report was made an order of the day for the next sitting, then to take precedence of other business. The synod adjourned at 11.35 p.m. The ceremony of laying the corner stone of the enlarge ment of All Saints' Church, Woollahra, was performed on Saturday afternoon by the Right Rev. Dr. Moorhouse, Bishop of Melbourne. The enlargement will complete the full length of the nave in accordance with the plans pre pared by the architect of the church, Mr. BlacEett. The contractor for the main portion of the building, Mr. Kirk ham, also has the contract for the extension, which is expected to coBt £4000, exclusive of the cost of the tower. Prior to the ceremony of laying the stone, a special service, in which part waB taken by the Bishop of Mel bourne, the Rev. H. Wallace Mort, M.A., incumbent of All Sainte', the Rev. Dr. Corlette, and several of the dele gates to tne General Synod, was held in the church. In the course of an address delivered by Dr. Moorhouse, he said that some people contended that all this church building was a mistake, and that the world had about out grown its former ? theological ideas. He had iieaid a cultured man proclaim on a Melbourne platform, ' Religion belongs to the next world, and morality belongs to this ; I care nothing about the next world, and therefore I have done with religion.' The first impression was one of absolute astonishment and bewilderment as to where that gentleman had got his idea of religion, because, if our religion should have nothing to do with the next world, we were faced by the very remarkable fact that, at the very time the religion of the Israelites was at its purest, it had. no religion at all. He supposed that the gentleman he re ferred to, being a man of culture, had read and approved of Bishop Warburton's statement that there was nothing explicitly contained in the Pentateuch about the future life, so that at the time the religion of the Israelites was at its purest it had no religion^ at all. A single moment's thought should . have convinced that gentleman of the absurdity of the statement. Is there a God, we asked? The gentleman was disposed to grant that there was. If there be a God, He was our Creator and Preserver, and, therefore, as we were related to Him as creature to Creator, upon that relationship was built this duty, that we should love Him with our whole heart, not in the 'next world only, but in this, in every act of oar life, in every feeling of our heart, and with every word of our lips. He could easily understand it being objected that if before we did or said, or felt anything, we had to put to ourselves the question, ' How would God have me to do this?' it would take away all the spontaneity of our life. They would all admit that the dutiful child ever puts before its eyes the will of the godly parent. But the child did not pause before saying or doing anything to ask, ' What would my father have me to do *r' The child has lived under the influence of the father's example and pre cept until the will and precepts of the father have become a part of the mental state of the child, and inspires all its thoughts and feelings and actions. Doubtless the child is unconscious that such is the case until some great temptation arises. So would it be with us if we lived day by day in the presence, and under the will, of the Heavenly Father, until, when we have some strong temptation, we should find that will standing as a giant in the way. No morality could be effective, no morality could be perfect, unless it was built upon religion. Some people talked about utilitarian morality, and that if a man did well, it was to be from the motive that he should deny himself for the good of the greater number. If a man be good that consideration would have great weight, but he did not believe that that conside ration would, ever make a man good. We heard a great deal of men sacrificing themselves for the public good, but he supposed that here, as in the neighbouring colony, there were ominous whispers from the vasty deep that statesmendid not always appoint men to public offices for their merits, and that farmers, and selectors, and miners sometimes acted for their own, and not for their neighbours' good. If there be no morality but that of utilitarianism, there would be no morality that would influence men's lives. But if a man loved his brother for the sake of their Father in Heaven, and in the faith and hope that God would assist him in his weakness, he did believe that morality would influence a man's life. A man ought to tell the truth, but if he did only on the utilitarian ground ; if only on that ground he recognised that honesty was the best policy ; if, as Whately said, a man had no higher principle than that, it would not be given to him in the moment of temptation to see that that was the truth. Holding 6uch views as these, he believed that in the building and enlargement of churches they were doing a work which would last for all time. The day would never dawn that would see the church and the gospel fade, j After the service the chief stone of the extension was for mally laid by the Bishop, who said : ' I lay this as a chief corner stone of the enlargement of All Saints' Church ; in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost.' Beneath the stone were placed copies of the news papers of the day, and a scroll giving the particulars of the extension, and the names of the incumbent and office bearers of the church. A collection was made in aid of the building fund. The Rev. Dr. Kelynack rose, after the delivery of the Bishop of Melbourne's lecture in the Protestant Hall on the 14th instant, for the purpose of making a statement to the audience on behalf of the Young Men's Chrstian Association. He said that the duty with which he had been charged was of a business character, and he desired to put the facts in relation thereto in a manner that should be at once compact and clear and telling. What ho had to Bay touched on the successful work of this Y. M. C. A. in the past, and was in the nature of an appeal that it should be placed in a position in which it would more worthily fulfil its mission in the future. In a word, it had furnished an agency outside all the churches, but working in cordial co- operation to promote the interests of all that laid the basis of a claim, for the support of every denomination, and the sympathy of every citizen who was anxious to speed the moral and re ligious well-being of this metropolis. The present mem bership of the society was 600. But it had been greatly hampered in its movements by the want of a suitable building of its own— a building that should adequately pro vide for all its legitimate requirements, and that should also in its architectural style and character be worthy of Sydney and of this the parent colony of the Australian group. To state in brief what this meant, he would say it meant this. It meant a good central position in the city, it meant a first-class building that should provide a good lecture hall, a spacious reading-room and good class - room — it meant, to his mind, that there should be provision for gymnastic exercises and amusements of a quieter type, so that the young men might find in it what they wanted for their lighter moments as well as for their more sober hours, and thus be saved from seeking their pleasure in places and surrounded by associations that are not un attended with peril. Now that was confessedly a noble ideal. But the .committee of the association had had_ it before them for a long time rattier as a glorious dream than as a possible reality. They knew that central sites were costly, and that a local habitation for this society such as he had sketched was altogether beyond the resources of their limited ex chequer. fiut the dream, he was happy to saj, was beginning to take a definite shape. Three gentlemen had secured a splendid central site within gunshot of the i Cathedral and Tewn Hall, at a cost of £13,000, a nd held the same for the use of this association, so soon as it wp a prepared to take over the purchase, and erect suitable premises thereon. The legal firm of W. Russell and Sons had promised their services _ without cost in the matter of conveyancing ; and Mr. Thomas Rowe, the architect, with like grace, has offered to prepare the plan of the building, and to superintend its erection, for nothing. Encouraging as all this seems, however, the expenditure that has to be paid in carrying out the project he had named would be at least £25,000, and, with becoming prudence, the gentleman who had secured the site, stipulated that a sufficient sum should be raised before attempting to build as will secure the institution from 1 such a debt as would be embarrassing to its future opera tions ; and to do this will require that at least £16,000 be secured before a stone is laid. The gentlemen who insist upon this condition are, as you will judge by it, prudent men ; but their generosity is as great as their prudence. One of them, the Hon. John Frazer, has promised, as the pledge of his good wishes in the matter, the noble sum of £2 000. Another, the Hon. S. D. Goidon, has followed with the handsome offer of £1000 ; and three others have engaged to contribute £500 each, while what adds to the grace of these generous offers is that they came unsolicited and unsought. Catching nspiration from such worthy examples^ 25 members I of the association, at a recent meeting, promised ' to contribute various sums, which make Up a total of another £1000. Thus you will see that the subscrip tion list stands at the present at the figure of £5500. In round numbers, £10,000 more was wanted. It might be thought that this was a large amount. So it was. But when he looked round upon the wealth repre sented in that gathering; when he saw bo many rich merchants, and thriving professional gentlemen, ana suc cessful tradespeople, and well-to-do every bodies ; and what he thought of that great constituency which was outside — even in the face of this £10,000 he was disposed to ask,— ' But what is this among 60 many /' He might be sanguine — that was a fault of his temperament. But with a cause that was so good and so strong in its claims ; with money just now flowing in upon us with such a steady stream, that the difficulty with people was to find how to'invest it safely and well ; and with a community ' around us which, with all its faults, was not slow to respond to any worthy appeal — he thought he did but speak the words of soberness when he said that if they did not get the £10,000 to-night, they would get a good instalment of it. They wanted the large sums, and they wanted the small sums. £800 was contributed before the meeting separated. One of the greatest causes of anxiety and annoyance t& the present Government (writes our St. Petersburg corre spondent under date of August 9) is the constant falling away of the people from the orthodox church, and the multiplication of divers forms of dissent. The Oolos has lately called the attention of its readers to this deplorable fact by publishing an article of Mr. Modestoff, a dis tinguished writer, who has lately travelled through Russia, with the purpose of getting more intimately acquainted with the New Rascolnik sects. ' There is no doubt,' says Mr. Modestoff, 'that the cause of the constant tendency to fall away from the national church is to be sought in the incapacity of the same to satisfy the religious wants of the people, and in the degrada tion of the clergy, who, instead of enlightening and moralizing their flock, give the example of every vice. Among the forms of heresy now extant, there are some in which great tendencies to materialism and realism can be traced, though these are not frequent; the generality of these dissenters, on the contrary, incline to an exaggerated mysticism, and seek fantastic explanations of the Holy Scripture.' In the Government of Saratofi, Mr, Modestoff had occasion to study a sect of the first category, in which the influence of the Nihilists is very visible. These people believe in eternal life only upon earth, and that they will continue to live only m their posterity. They deny the divinity of Christ, and believe in no other God but visible Nature; they admit, however, the principles of good and evil, which they consider as equally powerful, and destined to exist in eternal strife. They teach communism, and consider capitalists as dangerous animals, which are to be exterminated as such. There are so many of these new sects now in Russia that no one knows their number, the completely veloped minds of the people, especially during these sad times of trouble and misery, in stinctively seek some consolation in religion, and the orthodox church in its present form no longer satisfying these cravings for light and help, the people turn from it, call their priests antichrist, and make a religionjfor themselves. The sects of the Starvers, Molocans, and many others of which I have formerly spoken, and which differ from the established church only in some detail of exterior worship, are not dangerous, and, little by little, have come to be tolerated, though not encouraged ; but these later sects, especially the Nie-nashi — whose doctrines are pure mate rialism, and hardy denial of all faith or religion whatever —are severely pursued by the Government. It is, however, a positive fact that these dissenters multiply with the most alarming rapidity, and the only real and efficacious remedy would be the radical reform of the clergy, and the replacing of vicious and incapable priests by such men as are sent by European nations among the heathen as missionaries, men whose whole soul is in their work, and who. preach the Gospel by their lives and examples; who teach in the schools, and take a fatherly interest in the private life of the individuals confided to their care. Such men .would become the friends of the poor, benighted, simple, kind-hearted, peasants; and, once having gained their confidence, would have little trouble in proving to them that the Christian religion is the best ; and there is no say ing what influence a clever, well- educated, moral person might have in the remote villages of the interior. The field of action is illimitable, and such men could be found ; if life were rendered supportable to thnm and their families, hundreds would be ready to set to work. But the Russian Administration never will understand that the workman is worthy of his hire, and upon nothing is this strange, this foolish economy practised to such an extent as in the affairs of public education, and the pay ment of the small clergy (village priests, deacons, &c.;). The sum annually expended by Russia for these important objects is so mean compared to that spent by other nations, that it surprises every foreigner who becomes acquainted with the Russian budget. To sustain innu merable useless monasteries and their idle and immoral occupants, to build and adorn churches and cathedrals, the splendour of which is an anachronism in our time, to keep in order hundreds of palaces, uninhnVHtofl except by legions of servants, countless millions are yearly wasted ; but be sure that the famous ' reduction of the State expenses ' will not comprehend any of these things. This question of the ignorance, rapacity, and general worthlessness of the Russian clergy is at this very moment being agitated by the Holy Synod. Even the con servative mindjof the present head of the synod, Mr. Pobedo nossoff, can no longer ignore the- instances of crimes and abuses committed all over the empire by priests. But the means taken by the Holy Synod to remedy this evil bear the usual mark of impracticability. Severe punishments, even dismissal, are to be visited upon priests convicted of habitual drunkenness; but no measures whatever are taken against vices that are ten times worse than the habit of intoxication, such as rioting, debauchery, gambling, receiving bribes, &c.; My readers will probably find that I am always harping upon the same string ; but this question lies at the very root of all our present calamities. Upon the solution of it depends the whole future of Russia, whether she is to remain in Asiatic barbarism or to come forth and take her place as equal among the European civilized nations. It is just to say that among the Russian priests there are many good, harmless men, who neither drink nor * swear nor gamble ; but their qualities, with very few excep tions, are all negative. They have no energy, no living interest in their duties. They are meek «nfl gentle, read the prayers in church when the time comes, children, marry conples, bury the dead ; but is all. They can give no spiritual food to their flocks, they cannot explain away their doubts, or encourage than in their troubles. The best among them are but automats, -««««- and insignificant puppets, without an idea in their heads but the desire of vegetating in peace and quietness. The monotonous round of duties, requiring no effort whatever (no sermons are required), but a punctuality in cxtenor forms, soon paralyzes miJ extin guishes any spark which might have been latent in the Mid which an active and responsible career would perhaps have developed into a flame, which would have lighted and vaimedi 