An Associate of the Kellys.: Xsniah or " Wild" Wright, the most notB^, i assooiatonf theKcllys/is upon vhis Irial for, horae-stoaling, nndt the Victorian police, wil 1; not be sorry to seo liimi put in Bomo'SHfc; placo,' Probiibly no single man over gave' the for'oo so many nnd such sovoro .pummel-: lings. Bnfore any hair grew on Iiis face lis; wns (ho bete hoir «f tho Mansfiuld constables,. Whenever iliey'? hlid' to' arrost him, tlioy geuerdlly received.*} considerftblo nmoiint ofi rou^h truaiuiont, and nomeiiraea bo would' stack throe or four of them in a heap before; they.soourod him-to 'the- great delight of' his Admiring*.sympathisers./vHo was a groat, reoper, and could fnirly claim to bo on " aore-a-day/: man.ll:.;. :i As. ,. a wresiler -.few could tocklo him. i iHe went into Riverina for the shearing; for several years, and soon bnonmo knnvrn both for his quaint expres sions and irrepressible rowdiness. Though not a f=cinntifio fi^btur, bis. bony s rnnjjth and endurance, made him , an, awkward opponent. - He frequently walked into a hut lull of total stiMngera, and-; asked whether "any flash man would oaro about a round or two "-but' be. was very seldom accom modated. As most men >.bave'a . favourite exolamation when excited, Isniah had bis ;; generally it- was " Hi ' for ' Hogan !" or " Hoganls ghost!" v In ifaot, thevtuythioal; Ho<;an( seemed to bo hisv patron: saint on all' oritinftl ocoa.iions, and'to that? personage his;, pcean of : victory -was always addressed. : Wright, would fi^huany:man.foi; pure.love.; it was quito immaterial ;to him .whether: there.'.vvns any'point: at issue. 'As an'indica tion of his endurance, on 0110 oconsion when the frost lay thiok on llio ground,: ho swnrn in mile in. the Murruoibidgee rbofure break-'i ! fast,' for a' ridiculously,- small wager. . For 1 ,phvsiodl power and dare- devil recklessness, 1 " Wild " Wright is a remiirkable character, | 'and irbushranging brooks .out again in the:i north-oast orni:. part v oi . Vioioria, lie, more I ithon any other man, is likely to: bo vita i loador.-Bulletin. ,, ' . 