Those I1011. members of the Assembly who spoke on Mr. Fergusson's motion on Tttesday night appear to be impressed with two lead ing ideas, one being tbnt tho Land Laws of tbo colony aro radically bad; &c.;, tbo other that it is not their business to improve tbom. They wero nearly unanimous on these two joints," the only absolute dissentient from either or both of them being the Minister for Lands, who' was at all events consistent in bis 'belief that tbo existing system is working well, and that there is, therefore, no necessity to disturb it. Miv. Fbrguson cortainly put s.omething praotieal before the' Houso in moving, that except within certain epecifio localities, no moro land sbonld be sold by auction after tho 1st of next January, for a poriod of two years' and. a half. Mr. Forster went further than this, for be pro posed, as an amendment, that no laud shall bo sold " until an Act; ia passed wbich will " placo tbo lnnd system of the colony on a "more satisfactory basis." One or two lion, members expressed tbe opinion tbat the debate which took on Mr. Fergusson's motion would . havo a beneficial effect, but it appears to us.' that , the time of tbo House wo'iild have been much better occupied in (lealing with somo practical legislation, so much of-.which is in arrears, and is likely tb remain so until the end of the Bession, With tbe exception of some interesting statistics which Mr. Brodribb submitted there-was nothing said which had not been said before dnring- tbo innumerable debates which bavo taken' place on the Land ques tion, nnd the result of the discussion on, Tuesday night will bo simply nil. Besides stopping the sale of land by auction, Mr.i Fergusson wants to give squnlters ii longer, tenure, and in consideration of such a conces sion ho would raiso their. rents to Cd per acre, and the hon. member considers that such an increased rental wonld be willingly paid, and that by snob a course an annual revenue of ono nnd a-half millions sterling wonld be obtained. Furthermore, tho hon. member holds the opinion that in ten years' time the State would get from £10 to £15 for tho land which is now sold for £1 per acre. The theory of onr land policy has been that no tenure should bo given to pastoral tenants which would interfere with the settlement of the country for agricultural purposes, but Mr. Fergusson contended that this had not been realised. There have been 32,000,000 of acres alienated, andoutof this large amount of land only about 700,000 acres havo been cultivated and Mr. Fergusson's conten tion is that considering the comparatively small amount of agriculture wbich is carried on, that interest should not receive the large consideration which it has hitherto dono. In reply to Mr. Fergusson, Mr. Hoskins pointed out that a rental of Gd. per acre would be ruin to somo squatters, and the hon. gentleman defended tho sale of land, on tho groand that tho money obtained was expended in improve ments throughout tho colony. On this latter point Mr. Hoskin's said — " With the pro- " ceeds of .the land sold tlicy had greatly " benefited tho couutry by making roads, " erecting bridges, nnd constructing railways, " by which means they increased the value of " tho land taken up by conditional pur- " chasers." This, however, does not exactly meet the objection taken by Mr. Fergusson to the sale of land by auction. - If the valne of the land ia increased to the conditional pur chasers it is also increased to tho actual buyer, who in reality has a certain proportion of his money returned to him by its expenditure on improvements by which he is personally bene fited. And then the question arises about raising money to expend on improvements by the sale of laud, which if it was retainod would increase so much in value as to bring in from five to fifteen times ns much ns it is sold for. According to Mr. Fergusson, the State wonld get £10 to £15 per annum in ten years for what it now disposes of for £1, nnd tho policy of selling at such a low price for the mere purpose of obtaining cash is not a good one, considering how high tho credit of the colony stands in tho London money market. If £100 is wanted for ten years, it can bo obtained for less than ! per cent., but nt that rate it would only cost £10, nnd if instead of selling 100 acres of land to get the money the groand was retained, the public would obtain £1000, thero would be a clear gain of £8G0 at the end of tho ten years, after paying back the £100 borrowed along with tho interest. This is, as wo understand Mr. Fergusson, tho purport of his argument, nnd while it is not likely that hi3 minimum price of £10 per aero would be realised at tho end of ten years, there is still a most important issue raised if his calculation is reduced by 50 per ccnt. or even moro than that. Mr. Garrett, who is regarded as an authority on the land question, stated, however, that lie saw no folly in selling the lands, if they devoted the proceeds to making railways and roads and ho holds the opinion that thero has not been half a million of tho money so obtained expended in any other way. Notwithstand ing these viows, tho hon. member was one of thoso who on Tuesday night expressed general satisfaction with tho existing laws. According to him two sections of the public aro engaged in a scramble " to gobblo " up tho land for their own use," and while this is going on " tho general interests " of the country ns involved in its settlement J' wore being sacrificed." If this is the exist ing condition of things something should bo done to rectify it, hut if a man holding the position in politics which Mr. Garrett does, declines to interfere, how can it bo expected that any cbango for the better will take place. Tho hon. member for Camden was not tho only speaker who found fault with tho law ; for, ns a fact, every one who spoke on Mr. Fergusson's motion, with the exception of Mr. Hoskins, had somo exception to take. Mr. Day called' attention to an advertisement which offered 12,000 acres for sale in one block on the 10th of October next, and tho hon. member considers that this is a matter which should rcceivo the attention of Parlia ment. Tho land, Mr. Day states, will be sold nt tbo upset price, as the block is so largo that thero will be no bid above £1 per acre, so that if Mr. Fergusson's calculation is correct, there will he a loss to the Stato of £117,320 ou tho transaction nt the end of ton years. Among the other speakers who condemned tho Land Laws wore Mr. Fitzpatrick, Mr. Copelaud, Mr. Garvan, Mr. Bodei, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. M'Elhone, nnd Mr. Brodribb, each of whom had somo special objection to raise, but they all appeared to bo of the opinion that Parliament should wait for a more convenient season to attempt making any alteration. In this respect they wero no doubt right, for any effort to bring about an amendment in tho Land Laws this session would ho altogether useless, nnd for this reason a debate such as that which took place on Tuesday night can only bo regarded ns very like a wasto of time. It is not likely that Mr. Day's refcrcnco to tho proposed sale of 12,000 ncres " iu ono line" will interfero with the disposal of thnt large area, or that tbo sta tistics which Mr, Brodribb read respecting a number of runs which were advertised by Messrs. Richardson and Wrench between the years 18 08 and 187-1 will alter tho system under which such sales are advertised, which may be described by the homely saying about selling " a pig in a poke." Somo of the runs referred to by Mr. Brodribb contained some of the most valuable pastoral lands iu the colony, bat no one knew anytking'about them, and it was not until some speculative spirits went and spiod them out that they found purchasers at the Government price, and many of tbom -changed hands again at enormous advances on what the State re ceived. No doubt, Mr. Brodribb could have onlightenod hon. members respecting tho high premiums which were paid for now runs by thoso who originally took them up, the secret of the advanco in valuo being that tho second vendors could sell with a guarantee as to the quality of the runs. Mr: Cqpeland expressed tho opinion that the whole question of alienating tiio Crown lands ' must bo re opened before long, and whoever does re-open and satisfactorily settle it will do the Stato a service for which his memory - as a legislator should be held -in grateful remembrance: - ; It.is to he regretted that tho Minister for Railways did not accept the motion of Dr. Tarrant for the appointment of a Select Com mittee to inquire into tho working of the tramways in connection with tho- Sydney nnd suburban traffic. Tho tramways are un doubtedly a groat public convenience, and the Minister deserves the warmest commenda tion for the vigor ke lias displayed .in their construction, bnt it is a mistake to nssume that because they have resulted so successfully therefore it is impossible to improve them. Dr. Tarrant is not opposed to tho policy of build ing and extending the tramways ; his object is to mako them as convenient as circum stances will permit. It is scarcely fair, there fore, that his motion should havo been re ceived . in "a hostile spirit. "We all know that the tramways are far from perfect, nnd it is no- reflection upon the Department to say so. The Minister and his officers would have been something more than human if they had organised sack an undertaking without faults. Dr. Tarrant thinks tho rolling-stock is antiquated, tho motors unsuitable, and tho casualties larger than they ought to be, and he considers the best way to remedy" these and other defects would be to appoint' a Select Committee with power to call for persons and papers. Mr. Lackey's reply is in part an admission of the defects, and in part a denial. He does not claim that every thing is perfect, bnt that every possible raeanB is being taken to make things perfect, and that it iH not fair nndcr tho circumstances to " sit upon " his department. "With respect to the rolling stock, he contents himself by stating that no exertions wero spared to get the best, but tho project was started in a hurry, and he does not deny that it will be possible to make improvements in this direc tion. The accidents, lie thinks, have not been excessive, there being only one to every 303,800 passengers in Sydney, while on the English railways there was ono to every 71,490passengers. Such a comparison is, bow- ever, quite fallacious. On most of thcEnglish lines as many trains run in one day as run over the Sydney tramways'in a month. With such enormous traffic tiio liability to accident is, of coarse, greater ; and it is no proof because our accidents are less that thcreforo our management is better. The real point at issue, however, is not whether the carriages are the best that can bo got, or tho accidents as few as they should be, hut whether we aro to continuo the use of the present motors. On this point Mr. Lackey says : — " In New York they had not the " same gradients as in the city of Sydney, " where powerful motors were required. He " believed our motors wero n3 successful as " could have been obtained for the heavy " traffic that existed here. They had an-. " swered admirably, as all must admit who " had seen them working on race days and " dnring tho holidays." Dr. Tarrant thinks tho Committeo should inquire whether elec tricity or horse traction should not be sub stituted for steam ; and Dr. Rmwick main tains that " smaller cars starting oftener and " drawn by horses or driven by compressed " air would bp quite as useful and far more " conducive to the public safety, and " more in keepiug with tbo legitimate " purpose of the highways of tho city." If wo turn to the London Board of Trade report, we find that the regulations bearing upon street motors stipulate that there aball be no visiblo smoke nor steam, no visible fire, no visible working parts, and no noise. In the motors now in use every one of these conditions ia violated. Either, there fore, tho London Board of Trado is wrong, or the motors we have in uso are of the worst possible description. The steep gradients, no doubt, render it necessary that ponderous engines should be used if ono or more car riages bavo to be drawn ; hut because they aro heavy, they need not snort and puff and roar as if they had a mission to wake the dead. There is, howover, no reason why the eugines should draw the carriages at all. If compressed air wero used tho com bined engine nnd ear might he adopted. The machinery in that caso is underneath the carriage, aud every passenger who gets in gives so much additional grip. Tiio result is that these cars will go up almost any gradient, and as they run singly they can be started at frequent intervals, nnd so accommodnto them selves to the traffic. Mr. Lackey Btates that for experimental purposes the Government havo sent homo for three different descriptions of motor. It is to be hoped that the com pressed air engine and car is amongst the number. Tho present motors, heavy as they are, are often brought to a standstill on the gradients in Liverpool and Oxford streets. It would bo utterly impossible for them to ascend a steeper incline, and tho result is that no tramway can ever be taken through the populous suburbs of Woolloomooloo and along tho Double Bay-road, ono of tho bc3t paying omuibus routes in Sydney. Under such circumstnnces, tho motors at pre sent in use not only fail in tho con ditions held to be essential by tho best known authority, but they will not actually do tho work required of thein. How tho Minis ter can regard tho motors ns successful under such circumstances is a mystery which we need not attempt to solve. It appears to us that a full and complete inquiry is just what is required, not in a fault-finding or hostile spirit, but to assist tho Minister in making moro perfect ono of tho most important works which has over been undertaken in tho city. The business o£ tbe House of Assembly com menced yesterday, ns usual, with tbe asking nud answering of a nurabar of questions, some of tbom of considerable public interest, particularly thoso on tbe small- pox and storage of explosives ques tions On tho motion of Sir Henry Pnrkes, the first order of the day (further consideration of the Licensing Hill in committee was nostnnnml. iu order tbat the House might consider tbo amend ments made by tbo Council in the Influx of Chinese Restriction Bill. The Houso then went into committee on these amendments, and tho Premier stated that in order to effect a compromise the Government wore willing to accept tho amendment of tho Upper Chamber in omitting the second (the quarantining clause) of tho Bill, and at the con- elusion of his speech lie moved n resolution to that effect. In the discussion which followed a warm passage of arms occurred between Sir Henry l'arkcs nnd Mr. Fitzpatrick, the former char"- ing tho latter with being guilty of "un mitigated insolence." Tho consideration of the various clauses of the Bill was proceeded with, and tho Government carried nil tlicir points ultimately sending back tho Bill with the main clauses which had boon struck out by the Council reinstated, with tho exception of the second clause, which they abandoned. Some minor amendments of the Council in several of the clauses were agreed to. There wa3 a strong fight over tho 17th clause (the holding of real estate), which was the only one that the Houso divided upon, nnd it was car ried by 39 votes to 21. In this condition it will be sent .back to the Upper House. The House then went into Committee on the Par liamentary Evidences Bill, and agreed to the various amendments by the Council in that measure, Sir Henry Parkcs stated that the Govern ment would go on with tho Licensing Bill to-day, and wonld continue its consideration from day to day until it was through. Tho House adjourned at 20 minutes to II. 'In the course of his remarks last evening on tho Chineso Bill, when making special roferenoo to certain hon. members who professed to be groat friends of the Chineso, nnd opeuly stated that thoy were quite as good as tho Europeans, or the mem bers of that House, Sir Henry Partes said - ho wonld narrate an anecdote which had, some years ago, come within hi3 own knowledge. On ' the occasion in question a party of two or three gentle men were discussing the Chinese question, nnd ono of them was stoutly maintaining, like somo mem bers of that House, that the Chinaman avas ns important an item of humanity, nnd as good a citizen, as moral and virtuous and worthy a man as any European. The arguments were bein» stoutly o'ombattod on tbo other side, to the apparent indignation of r tho Mongolian's friend, . when tho party arrived at the coach which" they had lo take to reach some not very distant place. '.'It was found lo contaiu two or three China men, when thnir would-be friond drew - back, and positively refused to ride with; them, although ho lad so stoutly sluek up for them in argument. Tho rest of the party,, however, although not altogether disposed to look upon "John" in the light of a brother, got into the coach with them, and wcro drivoD away, leaving their friend on the roadside lo walk on behind rather than he would ride in tho same vehicle with his pretondod friends. Tho anecdote clioited considerable amusement. 'In speaking of tho Chineso last niglifc, ;Mr. Jacob said ho lmd bad a conversation with Mr, Quong Tart, who had5 onlightenod" him on somo subjects going on in. the Interior, of tho great Chinese Empiro. They, had been talking,' too. about the Influx of Chinese Restriction Bill, when Quong Tart had made use of the following ex pression Tho Chinese people did not want tho ii#ngl!Sh to como to their country, but thev insisted upon doing so, and broke in the door with a cannon ball. Now yon want to shut U3,"( of . Australia ; wo want to como in nnd the time may arrive when we, too, shall' come to you nnd demand entrance, and if it is refused, break open your door with a cannon ball " Hon. members, however, seemed in no way im- pressed by tbi3 contingent Chinese threat, which did not have the effect of striking out the "tor- rible" clauses to which several hon. members took exception. \- In the division list upon the last clause of the Chinese Bill the name of Mr. Jacob was omitted when the numbers were announced last evening in the Assembly. The hon. member complained to the Speaker of the omission, and Sir George Wigrnm Allen gave instructions that the corree. tion should be made, nnd the hon. member's name recorded with the noes, as he desired. Tho divi- sion therefore, when -published in the records of the Honse, will be — Ayes, 39 ; noes, 21. Dr. Ross has given notice of hi3 intention to',a«k the Secretary for Lands— 1. Is it true that ou or about the year 1S72 n circular was issued by the Surveyor-General, or from the Survey Office, to lessees of Crown lands, apprising them that they could purchase from 4000 to 04,000 ncres of land on payment of sixpence per acre ; if so, will he lay a copy of the document upon the table of the House ? .2. Have any 'applicants applied for land under the directions of tnc circular j if so, the area so applied for, and the amount paid for the same I Mr. Turner yesterday presented to the House of Assembly the petition passed at the public meeting at the Temperance Hall a few nights ngo with regard to the Influx of Chinese Bill, nsking tbat the Bill be restore ! to its original condition. Mr. Turner asked that the petition might be received, but the Speaker ruled that it was informal, inns- much ns it contnined no prayer, and referred to proceedings that had taken place in one or other of the Houses of Parliament. Sir Ilenry Parkes announced in' tho Assembly last night that it was his intention to proceed with tho consideration of tho Licensing Bill in committee this afternoon, and goon with the measure day by day until it was finally dealt with. It was intimated to the Ilonse of Assembly yesterday afternoon, by means of n message from His Excellency the Governor, that the Royal Assent had been given to the Matrimonial and DivorceJCauses Act passed last session. During tho voyage ot the immigrant ship Nine veh, ono of the female passengers died, and for somo timo afterwards nn alarm was nightly occasioned by a supposed ghostly visitant, which kept its vigils in the single girls' compartment of tho ship. The spectre was that of a fomale form robed in apparel similar to that worn by tbo deceased in life, and tho white face aod thin hands of the apparition heightened the fears of the girls that it came from the unseen world. The ghost would mnkc its appcarnncc at 3 o'clock in tbe morning, nnd glide right round the berths, touching the facC3 of tho awakened sleepers, who were too paralysed with fear to call out or seize the figure, which, however, always seemed to have too much resemblance to corporeal proportions to bo n spirit of health or goblin (lamncd. At last the general terror became so much increased tbat a number of the girls were too much afraid to go to bed, and ono night kept walch in company until tho ghost appeared as usual, A . rush wns made to capture it, but in the con fusion the female who had so long played her cruel practical joke in this guise, escaped to her berth, and when a search was made, posilivo proof of ber identity was wanting. There was, however, sufficient circumstantial evidence to etuse llio suspected person to be placed under sur veillance for tho remainder of the voyage, and after this, it is needless to say, the ghost was seen nomorc. A few days afterwards, however, anotherof the female Immigrants developed symptoms of in sanity, nnd her incoherent exclamations showed tbat the fright concerning tho alleged Bpectrnl appear ances had preyed greatly upon, and perhaps un hinged, her mind. On the arrival of the Nineveh nt Sydnoy the unfortunate young woman was re moved to Gladesville, where she is said to have become 60 ill that her life is in danger. An inquiry into the hoax perpetrated on the voyage wns made yesterday nt the Immigration Office, where official reticence is maintained ; but from what wo have been able to glean from outside sources it was found impossible to sheet home the reprehensible practices described to the supposed culprit, so that it is difficult to see that anything further can ba done tn the matter. The Legislative Council met nt tho usual hour yesterday afternoon, and proceeded with the de spatch of business. The Justices Appeal Bill and tho Evidence iu Summary Convictions Bill was read a third time. The Navigation Law Amend ment Bill v.-ns further considered in committee, nnd wa3 read n third timo. The Ringbarking Bill was read a second time, nnd the three first clauses passed through committee. The House, on tbo motion of Sir John Robertson, adjourned at 9.15 until 4.30 to-day. The Medical Board reported no fresh cases of variola yesterday, nnd the fact tends to suggest tho possibility of the spread being materially checked, although it is perhaps too soan to ex press the fullest assurance as to the probabilities of the last case having appeared, at any rate for some time to como. Another change in the weather took place yes terday nfternoon. The forenoon was clear, but at about 2 p.m. the sky became overcast, and nt 6 p.m. a heavy rain set in, which continued at in tervals till midnight. The chnnge has been general. News reaches us that rain fell at Bathurst.Braidwood, Bellinger Heads, Ballina, Clarence Heads, Graf ton, Macleay Heads, Terara, nnd Wollongong. It was showery with fresh S.S.E. winds nt Ulladulla and Jerris Bay. Heavy thunderstorms aro reported from Tnrec and Moruya, Rain was threatening at I'ort Stephens, Seal Rooks, Nambucea Heads, South Head, Kiama, Bateman's Bay, nnd Eden, Tho barometer at Sydney had risen last night to 30'3, b Mr. O'Connor has given notice of asking the Government if it i3 their intention to throw open tho Pyrmont Bridge free to the public. The Paddington Literary and Debating Society gave their fir3t entertainment on Monday, in tho Ulanmirc Hail, the Rev. P. F. M'Kcnzic, president of the new society, in tho chair. Tho long pro gramme gave satisfaction to a full honse. Mr. A. S, Appleton played two piano solos, Mrs, Do Giay was the able accompanist, aud Mr. R. E. Phillip's conducted the choruses. The young chorus ladies and the church choir to which "they beloDgnro to be congratulated on their bright, pleasant voices. A comie interlude, called " Furnished Apartments," mado great fun, anil without being invidious, Mr. Charlie Harris is worthy of mention for his very enjoyable " old gentleman." A largo number of pictures have been forwarded to the Garden Palace for exhibition bv tho Art society ot Now South Wales, on Monday next. An important announcement appears in our adver tising columns concerning the Art Union of this society, which will be drawn at the private view of tho Exhibition, at 2.30 p.m. on Saturday next. The Marine Board sat yesterday to hoar further evidence respecting the recont collision between the steamers Hero and Jforga, off Bradley's Head. The witnesses examined were — Frank Bernard, who had charge of the wheel on board the Hero at the time of the accident j Ernest Fey, third mate of that vessel, who was in charge of the telegraph ; James Anderson, the engineer ; and Geo. Nicholas, the boatswain of- tho Hero. Captain M'Gee was afterwards re-called and re-exammcd. JIo said when lie left Smith's wharf ho gave the order "slow ahead," and soon afterwards " half-speed . ahead." When lie first observed the Hct'ga trying to cross his bows— witioit lie thought sho should not have done — he slowed the engines, then slopped Ihcm, nnd immediately afterwards gave tho order " full speed astern," which was uttended to as quickly ns possible. Tho Board, after henring . Messrs. Want and Johnson, who appeared on either side for tho respective owners, reserved their deci sion until next day. The Minister of Justioo has arranged the Judge ships for ilia ensuing Circuit Courts as follows Mudgee and Bathurst Circuits, His Honor tho Chief Justice; Wngga, Albury, and Deniliquin, Sir William Manning ; Dubbo nnd Grafton, Mr. District Court Judge Dowling, vice Mr. Justice Hai'grave, who is indisposed. Tho Yass and Gonlbnrn Circuits will be presided over by Mr. C. J. Manning, aoting-Judgo, A meoting was bold at Newcastle on Tuesday, having for its object the acknowledgment of tho donation of £1000 from the Rev. James Couttr, M.A., towards the establishment of a sailors' home, and to carry out the object of the donation. Alder man Wallace moved the formal resolution of thanks to the donor, which was suitably responded to by Mr. Ooutts, and Mr. II. J. Brown moved thnt the time had arrived for commencing tho erection of a sailors' home, and carrying out the wishes of the Rev. Jas. Coutt3. Several subscriptions in aid of tho object havo been handed iu, amongst others ono of £50 from Messrs. J. nnd A, Brown. : Complaints having been mado by somo residents on the North Shore, oE tho unseemly conduct of a . lot of ' grown-up lads, who assemble together on Sundays to play pitch and loss during tho time of Divino service, the police have been instructed to suppress the evil, Three boys, . named Jamos Druitt, Thomas Sharp, and Thomns Willis, having been eauglit in -the net last Sunday, wero brought before tho Bench nt the Water Police Court yoster- day, when each of the offenders was fined 10s, and cautioned not to repent the offence, Tho Eight Honrs' Demonstration, to bo held in tho Parrnmntln Park on Monday next, proraisrs to be n great success, Over 12 trades will la represented in tho procession, which will louvo Sydney early in tho morning, and tho day will bo spent in picniciug, athlolic sports, kc, For the ' sports eomo substantial prizes itavo been given, by ynrious gentlemen, whose" liberality is publicly acknowledged ia our ad vertising columns. The ' committca ' o£ tho movement desire to cnll nttention to the fact th it others are using the name of the Eight flours' . Demonstration for various harbour picnics, and thnt they have no connection with any outing o' her than thnt to tho Parramatta Park, to which visitor's and others will be conveyed by five special t ains on Monday, starting between the hours of 3.30 p.m. nnd noon. Tho mayor of Newcastle has received a letter f om Sir lienry Parkes, in reply to one asking the Colonial Secretary to visit! that city. He states that he laid tho invitation before his colleagues, who decided thereupon to visit Newcastle, in the hope that the visit would make' them better acquainted with the resources of the district. The dite of the visit is fixed for 17th October. Two labouring men, named Jnme3 Buckley nnd William Jeffreys, were severely dealt with at the Water Police Court, yesterday, for disorderly conduct, using obscene language in the public s'reets, and- assaulting tho police. Buckley was fined £(i, and sent to gaol besides for two months, nnd Jeffreys had also to pay fines amounting to £6. The Modern High School, Bourke-street, Moore Park, broke up for the Michaelmas vacation yes terday, after the usual examinations had been concluded. These examinations showed that the Sihool, as a whole, presented a standard of attain ment quite up to the average of any metropolitan school j that the education was eminently prac- tie il, producing good results, especially in those subjects necessary to boys in active life, and that several pupils could be sent up to tho coming University examinations with probability of success. This institution is steaauy increasing in numbers and popularity, and the educational staff has been recently increased. The members of the Newtown Fire Brigade held t'nir annual picnic at Corrcy's Gardens, Botany, yesterday. The brigade, with their fire engine nnd a large number of cab3 and 'buses, left their sta tion at Newtown at a quarter to 10 o'clock, and, niter a pleasant drive, arrived safely at their desti nation. Cricket, dancing, and sports of various Id ids Were then indulged in until lnnch time, when an excellent repast was provided. This took place at half-past 1 o'clock, and about 90 persons, includ- i.i" Superintendents Lane (New'own), Gorman (St. Leonards), C. Bown (Insurance Brigade), W.J. Lucas, M.L.C., and Mr. Whately (Mayor of Newtown), Bit down to table. Tho usual loyal toasts were proposed and duly and enthusiastically honored, and several of a private interest wore similarly re- cived. After luuoh the sports were resumed, and cintinucd until the hour for returning home arrived. The journey back was in every way en- joyable, nnd nothing occurred to mar the perfect success of the entertainment. Robert Richardson, a middle-aged man, living at Ultimo-strect, was brought to the Infirmary yesterday evening, suffering from two wounds in the epigastrium, one about tho ensiform cartilage, aid not very deep, nnd tho other over the stomach, about 3 inches deep nnd 1 inch long, extending downwards in a slanting direction. He was under the influence of drink, nnd said ho was pitched out of a hotel by a publican. Dr. Mofillt admitted him into the institution. A Frenchpolisber named Peter Fisher, rcsidiug at Chippendale, wag taken to the Infirmary yester day afternoon, suffering from a punctured wound oa the breast, the external opening of which was lialt-an-incu long, exienuing n a uuptu ul nearly two inches. Considerable hemorrhage had occurred, and tho patient complained of pain attendant on breathing. The wound is stated to be the result of n stab by n man in Kent- street. He was attended to by Dr. Sinclair, subsequent to which the man went home. The usual Wednesday evening temperance meet ing of the Mariners' "Church Reading Room was fairly attended last night, notwithstanding tho heavy showers which fell, causing outdoor visiting anything but pleasant from tho muddy streets and pathways. In the nbsence of the Rev. T. Gain- ford, Mr. William Gainforcl took tho chair, and forcibly enlarged on the evils of intemperance, nnd Contrasted tho benefits arising from total absti nence. His remarks were attentively listened to by the audience, including several ladies. Num bers of persons, sailors and landsmen, aro induced by those meetings to sign the pledge and become steady members of tbe community. The lecture delivered under the auspices of the Pharmaceutical Society, at tho Technical College, School of Arts, by Mr. Fred. Wright, M.P.S., on Tuesday evening, was on " The Atomic Theory," not " Materia Mcdica," ns stated in our issue of yesterday. The subject was ably handled by the lecturer, who was accorded a hearty vole of thanks at the conclusion of his remarks. The secretary of the Juvenile Industrial Exhibition tobeopenedat Bathurst on And November, reports that that exhibition promises to be a great succcus. Wo are requested to draw attention to tiro fact that in truding exhibitors should forward applications for spice at once, in fact before the end of the curren t month. Persons desirous of obtaining licenses for places within the city for tho slaughter of calves, iambs, and sucking pigs must npply in writing to the Town Clerk. The Operative Stonemasons meet at tho lodge room, Albion Hotel, at S a.m. on Monday, 3rd instant, to march to the rendezvous of tho Eight-Hour Demon stration. Mr. James Greenwood, M.A., will ieoturo nt tho Theatre Royal on Sunday evening on "Standards of Faith, and how they are interpreted." The Berrimn District Races will be run on tho new course, near the Moss Vale Railway Station, on Thursday and Friday, 20th and 2tst October. Tho programme of the meeting is published in our adver tising columns. Nominations for the Broivlcy and Berrima Handicaps must bo in by 1 1 til proximo. We have received from Mr. F. Winks, of George- street, a copy of a scoring book for cricket clubs, tho specialty being that it ia so arranged as to tako in a lull score on one page, tho result of a match being shown in detail at a single glance. It is published at is. There is also a cheaper edition, founded on the same principle, for fld. The Sydney edition of tho Australasian Skctcher for September is to hand. Tho illustrations are well executed, nnd treat ou subjects of prominent public Interest. Hesperian, tho winner of tho Sydney Metro politan, is sketched from life, and tho destruction of the Swnn'spit Lighthouse makes a striking picture j but tbe pride of place is givon to a meet of tho Mel bourne hounds, near Brighton. It is a double pago picture, and has a number of very passable likenesses of Hunt Club members. Select assortments of Bpirits will make manifesta tions at Kobbins' Rooms, Park-street, to-night. The ordinary fortnightly meeting of tho Trades and Labour Council will bo hold at the Royal Hyde Park Hotel at 7.30 o'clock this evening. Tho Art Society's second aunnal exhibition will open at tbo Garden I'alaco on Monday next, at 10 a,Ti. To- morrow there will bo a prlvato view, when artist members and subscribers to the Art Union will bo admitted, when tho drawing and selection of prizes will sake place. The first annual general mcotiug of tho Coffee Tavern Company will be held at 3 p.m. to-day, at the Coffee Tavern, 257 Pllt-strect. 