PRAYERLESS CHRISTIANITY AND CHRIST- LESS LECTURES. TO THE EDITOR. Sir—Mr. R. Searle, in reply to my letter to you on this subject, asks, " How dare he make such statements ? " His rather imperiously worded question is not difficult to answer. I dared to make them because they were the naked truth, which God laid it upon my conscience to write. The vows of the Lord's minister are upon me to " fight the good fight of faith " everywhere, and, whilst I tarry in this city, I will fight ein wherever I find it or can strike it with " the sword of the Spirit." Nor dare I fear any man's frown in doing this. Neither do I seek to please men, for, if I yec pleased men, I should not be the servant of Christ." I do not wish to injure any man, or wound unnecessarily, yet I must speak and do those things which I know are right and pleasing to God. But, in doing this, I do not forget that the servant cannot expect better treatment than his Lord received when engaged in His earthly ministry. The Church of His day hated Him for this very thing, and to its leaders He said—" Now ye seek to kill me, a man that hath told you the truth, which I have heard of God." And so it is in this generation. To 6peak the truth and to keep a conscience is all that is needed to make innumerable enemies of persons whom one has neither seen nor spoken to. Faithful reproof of sin is a cap which fits so many heads that many will put it on, saying that you must have intended it tor them, and they will declare you a villain for your pains in making it. When the bow is drawn at a venture the arrow of truth often finds its way between the joints of a friend's armor. But a friend should not forget that " open rebuke is better than secret love," and that "faithful are the wounds of a friend, but the kisses of an enemy are deceitful." And I am the friend of all who are the Lord's friends, whether they recognise it or not. He has said, " Ye are my friends, if ye do whatsoever I command you." And surely His command to all those who love Him is clearly, " Watch ye at every season, making supplication, that ye may escape all these things that shall come to pass, and to stand before the Son of man." (Luke xxi. 36.) And the great Apostle Paul enforces this precept throughout all his divinely inspired teaching; and, after uttering that thrilling command to Christians in all ages, "Put on the whole armor of God," he adds, " with all prayer and supplication at all seasons in the Spirit, and watching thereunto in all perseverance and supplication for all the saints" (Ephesians vi. 18). Does Mr. Searle, or the Association, dispute the com maud of the Lord, and say it only applies to " appointed times for prayer," and that supplication addressed to Him is out of place at any season ? If so, with whom do they contend ? Certainly not with me. It is with the Lord Jesus Christ, whose name they bear; but whose orders they, in that case, do not obey; for His command is " at all seasons" to pray. Mr. Searle seems to justify the omission of all recognition of God, or supplication for His blessing, at the Town Hall lectures of the Young Men's Christian Association, on the ground that they are "intellectual lectures intended to give mental stimulus," and taunts me, in a contemptuous " forsooth," with requiring that these "intellectual lectures" should be turned into " devotional meetings." This is neither right, true, brotherly, nor godly. First—Why should the Association not pray lor God's blessing on " mental stimulus" in the Town Hall ? He says that they do pray over such intellectual food at " the ordinary Association lectures in Gawler-place." Then why leave the Lord out at the extraordinary lectures in King William- street? Are they saints at home, and something else abroad ? Is the atmosphere of the Town Hall too pure for their piety, or the opposite? Or what is the reason that prayer is deemed necessary or expedient in a small hall, but is otherwise in a large hall? Surely, if it is right and desirable in one place, it is equally so in the other. But perhaps the Town Hall " mental stimulus" is of a different kind to that imparted in Gawler-place. I cannot tell. Yet I could imagine some reason for making a difference, if it were so. For instance, were it a kind of intellectual pure water and good food which composed the " stimulus" at Gawler-place, it would be right to ask blessing from God to rest upon it. But, if it were a kind of intellectual champagre or whisky supper which composed the " stimulus" at the Town Hall, it would be quite right to leave the Lord out of the question : for that kind of thing belongs to quite another person. . . , Second—It is not correct, nor is it brotherly, to insinuate that I am a foe to " intellectual lectures,' or to pure "mental stimulus." I will venture to say that my whole career gives that a denial, for I have been an intellectual toiler all my life, and have never spared labor in communicating freely to others what I have gained at much cost to myself. My literary work and platform work have received the approval of master minds, competent to judge in such matters, and, most of all, met with God's approval, of which I have many proofs* I do not deserve, and should not have had hurled at me an insinuation that I am a patron of intellectual barrenness. i J Third—It is not godly to write as Mr. Searle does of "devotional meetings." Is it "according to godliness" to put " mental stimulus" and prayer in such contrast, as if they should at any time be separated, or as if one were of inferior importance to the other t What Christian dares to compare the almost omnipotent power of true praver with the feeble vaporings of man's strongest intellectual stimulus t When the first disciples " continued stedfastly in prayer the Pentecostal baptism of the Holy Ghost was the result, and " there were added to them in that any about three thousand souls." (Acts ii.) Nor did the blessing decrease but " the Lord added to them day by day those that were being saved"—and on one ot these davs no less than "five thousand men were so added. (Acts iv. 4.) What comparison is there between the "mental stimulus" of a Christies* lecture upon a dead Christless politician and the salvation ot tens of thousands of immortal souls from present sin and future perdition ? May the Lord have mercy upon any of His children who dare to compare them, we are living in an age of intellectual prideandmental intoxication, and it should not be from the Christian ranks such voices should be heard to add to the world s mental drunkenness and conceit. " Mental stimulus " standing by itself, is only a kind of spiritual husks at the best, which never can satisfy the hunger of a man's soul. We have need to remind ourselves of the divine word. "For seeing that in the wisdom of God the world through its wisdom knew not God, it was God's good pleasure through the foolishness of the preaching to save them that believe. (1 Cor. i. 21). But, ere I close, there is another question of Mr. Searle's which must be answered. He says, "If I read Tennyson to my young men, or join inagame of cricket with them, without first immediately falling on my knees, am I to be called Christless ?" Now, this is rather a childish question, and a man in Christ Jesus ought "to put away childish things." But after all, if Tennyson is pure and good " mental stimulus ;" why not ask God to bless his thoughts to them when he has gathered his young men around him, at a quiet hour—for Tennyson's poems cannot well be read in business hours ? Then as to a game of cricket with these same young men, why not gather them around on a fine Saturday afternoon and kneel down on the green carpet of God's cathedral for five minutes and thank Him before beginning the game and why, not at its close when hundreds may be standing around, raise a hymn of praise to God and speak a loving word from Him to men? Why not? I believe the Lord never laid upon us an unseemly or an impracticable command, and His word is " Watch ye at every season, making supplication." And if a man cannot " see Jesus " in any of his recreations, let him cease to find pleasure in them ; for who can tell the moment when he may be summoned to " stand before the Son of Man ?" Let me remind Mr. Searle that he has not disputed a single statement nor answered a single argument in my letter. He has simply either misconceived or misrepresented my expressions. And he has certainly abused me, as if I were a bitter foe instead of a true friend to all that is good in the Young Men's Christian Association work and constitution, against which I did not write a single word. On the contrary, I wrote what I now repeat—" I have written with a sincere desire for the welfare of the Association and the fulfilment of its true mission." Nor has he attempted to answer the larger portion of the letter, which was a criticism of what I asserted and proved to be " a Christless lecture." In conclusion, I will not follow Mr. Searle's ex ample in saying that " Christian charity has no place in his mind," for I believe him to be a sincere Christian man, who has made a great mistake, and will see and acknowledge one day that I am right, and actuated by right motives in this matter. May the Lord bless him and the Association also, I say from my heart; and may we a'l remember that Paul is but expressing his Lord's commands when he says—" I desire therefore that men pray in every place, lifting up holy hands, without wrath and disputing." (I Timothy ii. 8.) I am, faithfully vours, JOHN ALEX. DOWIE. Adelaide, September 13th, 1881. 