BS.0 ABBBIM'S NEW YORK LETTER. A "busy weeka very; "busy week.com mencing with the.fiibjate t o .'our patriot dead, and ending with the .gmnfl re-union of 1,500 eaw-bones, gathered from all parts of the land., and whose ' learned ' discussions on sphymograms, autopsies, chry*ophcmic acid, pains, and aches, dislocations,. collisions, amputations, contagious (lieaseB, and all sorts of diseases that make mankind continually miserable, was something :marvfellous to listen to, as indeed it was incomprehensible to hear. Then there was the ase'seiobling of the Masonic Grand Lodge, and' the election of a Grand Master ;aiid a number of lesser officers. The Hicksite Quakers had a peaceful meeting; and the refuse vagabonds who went to. the , Goss and Kyan fight, and who escaped the penitentiary they so eminently deserved, are all, I am happy to state, at liome, and, considering the circumstances, as well as could possibly be expected. Nothing astonishes me now; I am prepared for almost any kind of sacrilege. What .say you to seizing the bones" of a saint in New York ? none of your humbug saints, made out of wax and papier mache, but a real, geniune, bona fide saint, one of whose toe nails is worth more, from a sanitary stand point, than the assembled wisdom of the 1,500 doctors who were just gathered here in solemn conclave. The . saint, nicely, boxed, and in about as good condition as a saint could be ex pected to be who had been under the sod for 1,400 years arrived herefrom Home last week. His pedigree, was complete, and his cannoniza tion properly authenticate d. Though coining from Borne I suspect he was not a native Italian, for the name on the coffin was " Saint Driscolius." Now, the " ins " could never deceive any main who had knocked about every part of . Ireland, from the Currah of Kildare to Bantry Bay. Stripped of its Latin appendage, there is no doubt but the saint's name was, originally, Patrick or Ter rance Driscoli; but that makes no difference ; he was a good, genuine saint nevertheless, and was able to cure anything, from cholera mor bus to trichinosis. I never knew before that there was a duty on saints. Instead of en couraging the. importation of these beneficent ghosts, the miserable Government has actually laid a duty on them. Bight across from New York, in the State of New Jersey, we have the shin-bone of a saint that can cure a broken leg any time ; and as for fits, well, it's of no nse for any one to tiy and have fit s where that shin-bone is, for St. Benedict would knock them higher than a kite. When Bristow was Secretary of the Treasury, he admitted St. Benedict free of duty, expecting, no doubt when the Presidential contest came off, that the good saint would not forget him ; but, I regret to add, the saint went hack on him, that Bristow was beaten, though there is no doubt but a small piece of St.J3enedict's shin bone would have pulled him thro.ugh. The difficulty. with regard to the appraisement of St- .Driscoli appears to be that no one but a Bishop can break the seals on the sarcophagus; for a custom- house officer to attempt it would be sacrilege, and the chances are two to one if he attempted it, that the saint would knock him down; or perhaps an ex plosion would take place, worse than nitro glycerine, that would blow the custom-house into smythereeris, and teach these official re probates that saints, especially Irish saints, are not to be fooled with. The bones of St. Driscoli are encased in costly silks and velvets, and the duty on the raw material would be fifty dollars. A Mr. McSoorley, who appears as the guardian of his saintship's bones, has taken an appeal to the Secretary of the Treasury j and as our worthy Secretary is known to have a pretty good opinion of saints in general, .1 hope St. Driscoll's hat may be chalked Duty JFree. Another romance has been discovered, but unfortunately not. until the impostor was laid in his grave. A few years ago a stranger of distinguished appearance arrived in New York, and as he sported a wealth of Dun dreary whiskers, and spoke three or four languages fluently, it was not long before he gained a footing in good society. He passed for a distinguished medical practitioner, and artfully hinted that he washeir to a baronetcy, and so it was understood in the circle in which he moved. In the due course of time he captivated the affections of a veiy worthy lady, who. sighed for one of his magnifi cent apartments in his castle on the Rhine. Remarkable as it. may seem, the Baron did not long for. the sight of bis native land. America was good enough for him. Matiers went on iii this way several years; and to give the Baron his due, be conducted himself as well as a Baron could be expected to do whose remittances from abroad were irregular, and who was frequently short of cash ; but one day Death stepped in and walked off wit h the Baron, and" then came the discovery of his successful fraud, which had stood un challenged- for twenty years. The Baron was a barber—only this and nothing more; but no doubt he was just as good a nobleman as nine tenths of the titled vagabonds who float upon, the surface of American society, or capture the fortunes of our American heiresses while travelling abroad. A few years ago a lovely girl in Western New York was discovered who had a phe nomenal voice. Her parents were poor, her relations were poor, and none of .them were able to assist her. By the aid of a member of Congress in her district she found.her way to to. the city, of Washington, and there pro cured a situation in one of the Government departments. White there she attracted the attention of a distinguished statesman, who was understood to be a candidate for the Presidency, and he took her under his pro tection, and eent her abroad. Years of long j and patient study followed, and under careful and experienced teachers, her voice ripened | into an organ of wonderful brilliancy. After years of struggle at last the supreme hour of i trial came, and with "it her triumph, and j the poor American girl found herself the ; lion of the saloons of London and Paris, j Milan and Naples greeted her, and for a j time it seemed as if she had the whole ! world at her feet. While in Florence it was her fo-tune in an evil hour to meet one I of those titled rascals who are constantly on the lookout for just such game. The unfor tunate prima donna became infatuated with 1 this scoundrel, and against the protest of her i mother, her sisters, and herfriends, he married J her. From the hour they left the altar the high spirited American girl seemed to have lost all control of heiself, and as if under the spirit of witoheiy she followed him .like a -j spaniel. No abuse or neglect could shake I her infatuation. She went upon the stage, i and he took every penny of her earnings, j denying her even the commonest necessaries i of life. She appeared in New York in one of j the .most popular operas of the -day, but her j heart was breaking, and after a desperate ■struggle against fate she was obliged to leave the stage, and though dying her mother and her sisters were denied admission to her. A few days ago she passed the dark shadow of the valley, with none whom she loved near her, a poor wreck, cast like driftwood upon the shore. The wheat syndicate is looking anxiously towards settling dry. The approach of har vest has brought only partial relief, and freights for Europe are still ruinously low. The struggle between the great foreign buyers and the great grain sharks has been a des perate one. The wheat-grabbers counted on the necessities of nearly a hundred millions of people. The starvation in Ireland gave them . the most unqualified joy. They were in hopes it would extend all over Europe. The cry o iataiBhing TnillioiiB -was like music to their ears, aiid they deliberately eat down to jJlan' how to (iapture the 183,600,000 "o£ 'surplus wheat which' the United States had "to offer to the different, nations of ,the'earth. The' wildest days . of the (Jold-room epesulation never showed Anything like it. Large and small banks and capitalists in eyeiy quarter of the land were drawn intb the speculation, and then slowly but surely they began to draw tlie serpent folds all over the globe. Here in New York we have been paying eight and nine dollars for flour Worth five and six. Europe, too, has been compelled to pay its tribute. Hundreds of sliipr haveheen kept ib idleness j much suffering has followed, but we are in hope that the day of reckoning is not far off, and that,r before sixty days are past, the villains engaged in this nefarious business will be involved in one common rain. 