COURSING. SOUTH AUSTRALIAN COURSING CLUB. Patron—His Excellency Sir William Jervois, G.O.HG,&c.; President—Mr. E. Barr Smith. Vice-Presidents—Hon G. 0. Hawker, Messrs. 0. Price, L. Browne, and Win. Gilbert. Treasurer —Mr. W. B. Bonneevell, M.P. Committee— Messrs. J. L. Stirling, M.P., W. B. Eoanserell, MP., J. Hart, O. H. T. Hart, 0. Pearce, W. Blinman, N. Wbeaton, W. Billin, M. Pepper, A. B. Malcom, Hon. B. 0. Baker, Messrs. T. Murray, W. Pile, P. Waits, E. Bowman, W. K. Sirnms, T. Irish, O. Coleman, D. MoLean, John SpeDcer, Dr. Stirling, Messrs. Won. Phillis, and C. Downer. Stewards—Messrs. C. Price, W. B. EonDsevell, UP, AB. Malcom, N. Wheaton, C. Pearoe, I. Irish, and O. H. T. Hart. Flag Steward—Mr. Malcom. Field Stewards Messrs. T. Irish, O. Pearce, W. Gilbert, W. Phillis, W. Blinman, and Hon. B. 0. Baker. Slip Btewarit^Mr. Billin. Blipper—G. Small. Hon. Jndge—Mr. J. L. Stirling, M.P. Hon. Secretary—Mr. F. W. Davis. IBB BCCKLAND PARK BTAKZ8. For sixteen all-aged greyhounds at £6 Ss. each. Winner to receive £36 and stiver collar; runner-np, £.0; third and fourth dogs, £6 each. Mr. W. Blinman's w.b. Beatrice, by Tumult—Cash Down, beat Mr. W. S. Billin'a bd.b. Lucia, by Prince Charley—Fly. Mr. C. Fearce's bl.w.b. Batafla, by Tumult—Cash Down, best Mr. T. Irish's bkw.d. Plunger, by Domestic—Semiramls. Mr. C. J. Reynolds ns. Mr. Samuel's bd.b. Water witch, by Shoveslong—Cinderella, beat Mr. V. Mo bean ns. Mr. 6. Rankin's bk w b. Black Bess, by Glencoe. I Mr. W. 8. Blllln's wf.d Borneo, by Jack Fly, beat Mr. F. W. Whitens. Mr. W. B. Bonnsevell's w.btb. Bosalba, by Wisdom—'Whlmslc -.l. Mr. W. Pulsfotd's bd.w.d. Chorister, by Shovealong —Cinderella, be„t Mr. A. Hewer ns. Pulsford'a bd.b. Bravo, by Brace—Sbarkere. Mr. C. Fearce's r.w.b. Radiant, by Tumnlt -Lady, ran a bye. Mr. W. PhU'is's bk.w.b. Needle, by Brttle—Fly, beat Mr. W. £. Bapple's bLw.b. Lady Melissa, by Jack—Mon. e. Mr. Crane's w.b. Gazelle, by Catchem—Fiddle, beat Mr. W. B. Bonnsevell's f.w.b. Ro Wro, by L'A.ml— Blvldre. n, Eeatilce beat Eitafla. Watemitch beat Borneo. Radiant beat Chorlater. Needle beat Gaielle. ni. Watctwltch beat Beatrice. Radiant be^t -Needle. IV. Mr. C. J. Reynolds ns. Mr. Samael'a bd-b. Watir witcb. by Shovealong—Cinderella, beat Mr. C. Fearce'a r.w.b. Radiant, by Tnmnlt—Lady, and won. Id response to an invitation from the pro prietor, Mr. Leonard Browne, the Sonth e.as tralian Oonraing Club met on the Buckland Park Estate on Tuesday, to ran off a sixteen dog stake. Members and visitors from Adelaide made the journey via Virginia, and in making Idle most complete arrangements for showing every hospitality to his guests Mr. Browne had provided breaklsst at the principal hotel in the township. This having been partaken of, the "doggy" men journeyed on some six or seven miles to the woolsbed, the place appointed to start proceedings at. The weather conld not have been improved opon, and had hares proved an absent feature in the proceed ings spectators wooid not have grudged the time spent in strolling after Mr. Stirling and the slipper through the beautiful paddocks forming part of the Mate. Buckland Park is eminently snited for coursing, the ground being soft and free from stone, while hares ,&re; as plentiful as blackberries, and those unfortunate enough to pop up within slipping distance of the dogs on Thursday were found in almost every esse equal to the proverbial boy in a lolly shop at staying. Owing to a fear on Mr. Browne's part that the furry tribe would not muster in sufficient force at this time of the year to admit of a larger stake being decided, the stake ran on Thursday was limited to sixteen dogs, though, as matters turned out, Mr. Browne's fears on this score proved unwarranted. In an ordinary year, however, Jnly would not prove a enitable month for conning at Bsckland Park; but on Thunday the veriest grumbler could have found nothing to complain of, and many present ex preued tbemaelve* to (die effeot that the day i was the beat they had had with long tails in tile ] colony, and all will look forwaid with pleasant anticipations to the next meeting, for which the Oiub will owe their thanks to Mr. Leonard Browne. Shortly after the appointed time the first brace of dogs were plaoed In the hands of G. Small, the slipper, bat they weie" not nnooupled until an hoar had been spent in beating the paddook. Hares were popping up in all directions daring this time, bat they seleoted s safe distance from the dogs for breaking cover at, and the delay occasioned was becoming somewhat wearisome to the walking portion of the field when an opportunity to let go occurred. The first attempt resulted in a " no course," and a fresh paddook was tried. A creek in the centre famished three very pretty trials, and another prolifio spot being discovered shortly afterwards, Mr. Stirling had succeeded in deciding the first round, when an adjournmt nt was made to a corner in the paddook marked by an anoient ohimney, where a very substantial open-air lunch was discussed by members. At the oon elusion of the serions portion of thie performance, Mr. W. B. Bonnsevell, M.P., called upon the company to drink the health of Mr. Leonard Browne, to whose kindness they were indebted for the very enjoyable day's sport they were having. Mr. Bonnsevell, as an en thusiastic coarser, dwelt on the advantages to health, fco., accruing to those who gave up an occasional day to the enjoyment of the apart, and remarked that only the kind co-operation of a few more gentlemen like Mr. Browne was required to place conning in Sonth Australia upon a very firm footing. Mr. Browne, in re timing thanks, hoped the Club would look npon the present meeting as the first of an annual aeriea. In the future, however, he thought they would do better to visit Bnckland Park in April or May. as at the present time of the year the floods often rendered bares particularly scarce, and the ground too wet for walking. On Mr. Stirling taking eontrol of affairs again, three very pretty courses were quickly ran off, and then fresh ground was sought, the journey from paddock 5o paddook being made easy to those on wheels or horseback by the forethought of the pro prietor in having two or three panels of the wire fence cut, and a flag hoisted to mark the spot. Hares appeared in regularity iu the two last paddocks tried, and by 5 o'clock the stake bad been won by Water witch, a bitch rauniog in the same interest as Chorister, though not nominated in Mr. Polsford's name. In all her courses WBterwitch displayed superiority over her opponent, theugb when put in the slips for the final tussle, Radiant had had, by reason of her gruelling with Ohorister and Needle, so much of the powder taken out of her that her defeat was easily explained. The winner is somewhat small, but she is a very clever fast bitch, that earned honours in the Springtrn Puppy Stakes, which fell to her share in 1880. She is a full sister to Ohorister, being by Shove along out of Cinderella. Shevealong appears to have a story attached to him, and the story is told in different ways, but if Ohoir Boy and Quiver are bis parents the success of his progeny is not surprising. Mr. J. L. Stirling, M.P., made a most impartial and skilful Judge, always being where his dogs were, and evidently pos sessing the entire confidence of the field. Mr. A. B. Maloom acted as flag steward, and Messrs. O. Pearce and T. Irish rendered the Judge valu able assistance by doing their best to keep over-anxiona spectators from getting in the way. G. Small did the slipping, and though once or twice fault was found with him for BOt "letting go" in the morning when the hare was rather out of distance, his work wss well done. Tie attendance was confined to the sterner sex during the morning, bat after lnnoh the Misses Jervois accompanied Mrs. Browne on horseback to the ground, and remained to the conolnsion of the proceedings. Among the visitors were several members of the Legislature, and we also noticed Mr. Charles Price, of Hindmarsh Island, taking a lively interest in the eport, which owes its saecessf ai inauguration in a great measure to the help given by him to the newly formed club. First Bound.—After a no-course between Beatrice and Lucia, Ratafia and Plunger were clipped to b strong bare, which gave them a splendid run. Batafia had a little the best of it all through, and wound up with a kill. Waterwitch got a long lead of Blaok Bess, owing to the latter getting unsighted in the early part of the course, but the briudle showed great superiority throughout the coarse, and won with lots in hand. Beatrice was faster in going to the hare than Luoia, and she had done the greater part ef the work when puss found shelter iu the creek and ended a very pretty oourse. fiesaeba and Borneo were »long time in Mips before a hare started. Borneo led up, but once she got in the puppy worked her game beautifully, and she looked all over a winner nntil they got into the bushes. Then her light frame was all against her, and Borneo, working off the soore against him, won a very stoutly contested trial Chorister made a good beginning with Bravo, though he ran rather unsteadily, and as he got unsighted, the latter part of the trial, whioh was all in favbur of Bnvo, was not taken into amount by the Judge. Tbe doge got after a second hare, whioh Bravo killed. Needle led to the hare by several lengths and scored very rapidly. The other hitch got possession for the turn, when Needle Crew away again, and thongh she received tbe go-by, she killed before Lady Melissa Jhad a chance ;of making up the ground lost at the beginning. Gazelle led up, when Boaiere got in and worked puss very nicely in the bnshee, bnt tbe white bad the pace of her in the open; though she could notjgo fast enough to turn the bare, her superiority of Boaiere was undoubted. First lies.—Beatrice and Ratafia proved very evenly matched. Beatrice was fastest from the slips, but on Ratafia getting in they ran a splendid exchanging course until Ratafia fell. She qa'.okly recovered her self, but the hare making good her escape in the creek the flag went up for Beatrice. The trial between Romeo and Water witch was very short The dog was fastest from slips, but he tell, and Waterwitoh getting pos session, she pnt puss about in brilliant style, and killed without giving Borneo the ghost of a chance of counterbalancing his bad luck. Needle and Gazelle were unsighted, but Gazelle aoon saw her quarry, and Needle made up her lost ground in fine style. Tbey worked the hare all round the paddock, and after a long course Needle outstayed her opponent and gained the Judge's verdict. Radiant showed great supe riority over Chorister when they started a strong hsre, the brindle running very shiftily. When he settled down, however, Chorister worked very cleverly, and he was doing as he liked when the hare got away at the end ot a regular gruellet. The advantage gained by Radiant at the opening, however, oaused the Judge to decide in his favour. Second Ties.—Waterwitch led Beatrice up, and getting well placed did nearly all the work, and won a very pretty trial. Bad.ant was faster and cleverer than Needle till they worked round a house, .with Needle in possession. Afterwards they emerged from here and crossed into another paddock, Needle being lengths to the good and doing all the work herself; but the Judge decided the coone at the time he lost eight of them, and in favoar of Badiant. Deciding Coarse.—After writing here for an hoar Waterwltch and Badiant were dipped to a grand hare in the centre of the ground. The bitch led np, running in brilliant rifle, beat Badiant in the most decisive manner at every part of a very long coarse, at the end of which the hare beat both dogs. 