LAUNCESTON POLICE COURT. FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 18. Before Ii. T. A. Murray, Esq., P.M., and uenry Edgell, Esq.. J.P. Drunk and Incapable.--IMary IlMurphy, alias Mary O'Neil, charged on the above count, was I found guilty, and fined 5s, or in default 24 hours' solitary confinement. Assault.-Hamilton Couming was charged with having, on the 14th inst., assaulted Richard Archer, son. The defendant pleaded not guilty. Richard Archer deposed that he wis in Mr Cuming's office on the 14th inst. sitting on a chair, and made a representation about mining affairs which defendant said was false ; witness said that was a lie, and the defendant then got up and struck him several blows about the head. To defendant-Did not call you a d-d liar ; was annoyed at defendant sueing witness for mining calls. William Aikenhead deposed he was at Mr Cuming's office last Monday afternoon, when a somewhat angry altercation took place between the defendant and complainant with reference to some charges connected with mining; defen dant charged Archer with making false state ments; Archer retorted it was a lie; defendant then jumped up, and said lie would not stand that, and struck Archer several blows; defen dant then pushed Archer out ihto the street; Archer called defendant a blackguard, and said lie would make him pay for it. Defendant made an explanation, stating he acted under strong provocation, and that Archer had called him a -- liar. The Benchl found the defendant guilty, and fined him £1, and costs 10sa d. Brcech of the Masters and Servants A: - Robert Rawson v. Edward Kennett.-The parties not appearing, the case was dismissed, witlh costs 7s 6d. Wilfub Damage.-Mieliael M'Fadden w s charged by George Ghost with having, on the 14th inst., wilfully broken a flower stand, d oing damage to the extent of £1. The case was allow6d to be withdrawn on payment of colts, 7s 6dil,. Lar?eny.-John Lucas, brought up on remand from the 2nd inst., was charged with stealing out of a vehicle four hooks, the property of Mr H. A. Thompson. The defendant, a mere lad, was, on the application of Mr Superintendent Coulter, granted a discharge. The Bench read the lad a severe lecture, pointing out the con sequences that must result from persistence in such a career, and also by being a good lad a honourable career was open before him. The boy, who appeared very intelligent, expressed his contrition, and was h nded over to his mother, who was in Court. 