MRS. JUDSON'S GHOST. Dr. Wayland, in his "Life of Judson,"has but feebly portrayed the scene of Mrs. Jud son's funeral. Our dedks were crowded with sailors of all nations, and every' flag was at half.mast, while a long line of boats took ours in tow, and on arrival at the whar. the clergy of every denomination formed the head of the procession, which moved through the main street, while all "the shops were closed. My recollections of Dr. Judsoin are of the moatagreeable kind. Deeply afflicted as ;he was by his lose, he still maintained a cheer-. ful demeanour, impressing all of as with love and veneration for his character. His life was a constant sermen. But scenes like'that of the death And fune. ral they had lately witnessed ýprepareod the minds of the crew for the access of super. stition. Soon after leaving St. Helena the second mate called me suddenly in the night. Thepoor fellow's tone evinced'that hewas as much frightened as were the sailors, who, lie said, had seen a ghost. " Mrs. Judson'~ , sir; we can all see it in the foretop." "Pahaw I" " "Captain, do come on 'deck, and yen will see for yourself," replied Mr Brenson. (' 'Well, as I had never seen a ghost, I com plied with his requset, and walkingiutodthe waist, where the watch were gathered in stupefied' amazement, they pointed their trembling fingers to the foretop. whispering, in hiished voices, "There she islook at her. Yes, there she was, a perfect figure ofra woman in a white dress, with outatretched arim and "ghastly, face. I will confess that no little astonishment was 'combined' with my incredulity. I had been awnkened from a soundsleep to behold this 'visitation with half-opened eyes. But in a moment I saw the cause of th'e'singular deception. "Boys,"I said, "who will go with'me into the fretop and speak to her? " There were brave men among the crew who would have gone aloft en my order to send down a royal yard, even if they thought the mnast might go over the side, but now none of; them would stir. At last I'said, "Do you think it is my place to go up there nd 'stoe. the top.gallant studding-sails ?" They then understood the meaning of the apparition. "This sail,' which, When not in use, was lashed against" the fore-topmast rigging, got adrift, and spreading itself across to the. fore mast head, had assumed the ,weird and unearthly appearance of a ~host. "So this puzzle for metaphysicians was solved. Had I sent the men below anid gone np. and stowed the sail myself, as I was' tehipted' 'to do, no 'argument would' ever have. on' vinced them that they ,had not seen the ghost of Mrs. Judason;-Ciptain 'John 'Cod. man, in Haoper's Magazine. 