'fi - ' I Music and the Bama, I "La Filio du Tambour Major" continnoa to draw J largo hoUsen at tho Theatre .Royal, whioh it would I hot do if it did not give uuliraitod satisfaction, j Musically arid spectacularly it has' boen successful, j nnd wo suppose it has. also been successful in a ! financial sense,- notwithstanding tho heavy ex I penacfl oonnoctod with its porformanco. A now 'j version of auothor of Offenbach's operas, "lift 1 Boulangci-o à doo Eous," brought out ut tho Globo I Theatre on the 16rh of last April, wo com \ mond to tho consideration of tho managor "; of tao company now playing at th© ThcctreKoyal. j This opera ia Baid by tho London musical journals to î contain much graooful music, and to afford oppor ? tunitios for tho display of humorous aoting and picturesque costumes, condition?, which go ulong way in tho direction of embellishing an opera. Tho story Or plot of thepioco is stated in tho OKCHESTBA to bo this:-"A young hairdresser, Barnuoillo, hau boon ont carly in tho morning to attend his avoca tions, nnd ia Buoposod to bo implicated in soma plot. His awecthoart loinotto iö 'j in despair. To savo him from tho wily I old Copper and hin cheap apprentice, La Boulangoro ! drosses tho hairdresser in a suit of lirory belonging ' to tho footman »ho han boon ablo to not up in con \ sequonce of her gains in Mississippi stock. Tho two ? women quarrel over tho good-looking young barb<v, "Í bnt peaoo is finally mads, and all ends 3fvtisfaotor¡ly." ¡ Tho music ie said to bo in the well-known stylo of 'i Offenbaah, that ia, sparkling, piquant, and grace 1 ful. * Au interesting event ocourrod on Thnraday j in Mr. A. Huonorboin's pianoforte warehouse I in Gcorge-Btroot, in thia oity. A nußibor of A ladies and gentleman assembled by invitation to " hoar Mr. F. J. Halliwoll, a baBs vocalist, who waa '1 for 10 yoara profaaaor of singing at the UnivorHity of i Oxford, and who brings with him to tho colonies an j exoellent reputation, gained at tho Crystal Palace j and Charlos Hallo'H world-famous concorta, &o.; Ho Í has also had tho honour of ainprinpr, by special com i maud, before H.E.II. PrinooH3 Louise of Lorne, Í H.B.II, tho Duko of Connaught, and ll li.II. Prinoo I Leopold, with signal sucoBsa. Mr. HalHwell poa I BGReea a. musical and fino deop baas voioo, highly I oultivated, and his stylo ia eevor«]y olaaaical, I froo from all attempts at conventionalism, ! and full of dramatio forco and energy. Ho I sang "Honour in Arms," from "Sarnoon" j splendidly; and ateo " Now Heaven in Falleat j Glory," from tho "Creation;" "Tho Erl Kine," ¡3 by Schubert; "I Fear no Foo," by Pinuti ; and ^ "Qui Sdgno non Sacoonde," from tho "Magic ! Flute." Tho last eong waa unnyr with exquisite j.j dolicrtoy aud oxproasiou, and was redolent of ljrio ^ beauty, lt haunts our memory liko a ghost ?? aa wo write. A Unto solo ou airs from ¡j Vorài'ti "Masked Ball," arranged by Pfinzini, ¡j was finely playod by Signor Pagnotti and Mr. ij C. B. Fostor, tho latter of whom aotod^ au aouom paniat throughout, with that tact find brilliant oxe Jj outivo skill which ho invariably displays at conoorta, ¡5 Two violoncello solos by Signor Boniah, of the ? , Tkoatro lioyal orchoutra, wera parformod to tho i groat delight of all. who hoard them. Ono of thoso I was an original fantasia, and tho other a C&prioo; i Hongroise by Buuklor. Tho execution of thone :| pieces by Signor Boniah was abovo ftvultfind .! criticism, for it waa matchless, faultless, and delight ;j ful. Thoao compositions combine a groat varioty of II technical dillicultios with strains of beautiful melody, I] all of which woro exquisitely rendered. Mr. A. ii Huonorboin fully redeemed tho promiso mentioned in big printed oiroulnr, namely, that of affordiuç thoso !] who attendod a great musical troat. Tho rows of y pianos and othor musiau.1 instrumenta in tho ohow Ú rooms, and th9 exquisito tonos of Mr.. HnlliwoH'n (j voice and of SiRUor Boman's violoncello, mado us j n ftinoy that wo had (jot into a temple of Apollo, in t| Btofjd of tho showrooms of a pianoforte warohouoe. j w Signor and Signora Fabris gavo a concert on j i| Thnruday nio*ht at tho Burwood Sohool of Artn, I Whioh wao very sueoontínl. Thoao artiatos woro l| assisted by Mr. O. B. Fobter as pianist, Mrs. O. I», fl FoBtor, Mr. Soloinr.n, Mr. lt, Wilkipsou, MiisB p Shonrin, and othorB. AV i th so many exoollont i| inuBioians tho conceit could not bo othorwino than fc\ Baoooafiful. 'A niuaical ontortaiiimont will be Rtvon in tho old ñ ^hibition Bnildiucr, Prinoo Alfrod Park, on Tuesday |; oyening neat, in connection with tho Orango oolobrn p won of tho 12th of July ; and on fiátuf day (thin) |j ovoning Wilhomj'n conoorfc oompany will qommoneo a Si ii season of concerta in tho Masonio ITall. Tho latter ia a mungal event of no ordinary importance. " Pftti.enoo, or Bnnthorne"a Brido," is tho titlo of a now opora brought out at tho Opera Comiqno on tho 23rd of laBt April. Mr. Gilbert hpa -written the libretto, and Mr. Sullivan has composed tho music. Tho OBCHESTKA thus describes tho plot of tho work : " Bnnthorne, a poet of the fleshly sohool, while to himself a humbug, aa ho presently leila the audience, ia ao fond of admiration that ho submits to bo fol lowod by a train of rapturous clamozola whithorsoovor he BOOB, clothed fn wondrously out and olingdnff garments of a)3thotio form, playing upon musical instrumenta of classic cmd medkeval shape. Whon one Grosvenor, an idyllic poet, comea upon tho scone, ho whoso misajon it is to inewire every maidon who looka upon his face with maddening and hopeless love-tho two poota faco each other, in this way, and Bunthorno, under tho threat of a ' nephew's curso,' induces Grosvenor to cut his hßir and become a com mon-place young man. He hopea by thia meana to obtain undisputed posaeasion of Pationco, tho village milkmaid. Tho aîsthotio maidenB chango with Gros venor, and beoomo common-placo also. They rcanmo thoirlove for tho officer a of tho 35th Dragoon Guards, whom they had alighted, and Bnnthorne gets no bride. Tho music to this work ia tho happiest inspi ration Mr. Sullivan haa had in all hisliko offert». It io beautifully aoorod, and full of that rhythm whioh dolightstho ear and sotB the feet in motion." Dramatically there ÍB little that is new to chronicle. At tho Gaiety " Diplomacy" still holds ita placo ÍB public estimation, and large audiences nightly as semble to witness tho excellent representations of Messrs, Eoovoa, Tithoradgo, Catea, and Forboa, MisB Mayor, Mra. M. Stammers, Mies Kato Ardon, and Mies Alma Santon. The oomody is in itself excellent, and it would bo difficult to imagine it botter playod. Thozo is i» truth a goodly company how at tho bright, pretty little Gaiety, and Hook forward with regret to the time when it must bo dissolved. At the Qpera Honao Mr. J. L. Hall has boen de lighting audienoea by bia wonderful impersonations of well-known oharaotors. Ile opened in " Our Girls," and it is needless to say that his Captain Gi'ngah waa up to hie old form. Ho ia woll supported by tho Misses L. and A. Marah, Maggie Pordo, Mr. J, Herford, and generally a vory good company, ßinoa then "Kind to a Fault." with Mr. Hell aa Parkorj and Mr, Bopiuman os Prank Goldsworthy, haB boen presented. Each night tho 'oomody has boen followed by tho burlesque, Lurline," in which Mr, Hall has kept the house in roars with his wonderful impersonation of Senesohal. Miis Maggie Ford, tho Miaaos March, Mia» Nolly G íoonloaa, end others sang and danced, to tho groat amusement and general pleasure of fair houses. At tho Queen's, Mr. J. B. Stoole has appeared, and haB made a vory favourable impression in a drama by Watts Phillipa ontitlod "Tho Huguenot Captain." Ibis a rather indefinito kind ol' melodrama, aa rojjards ploli and aequenoo of story, but with a good deal of action, especially with muskets, leg«, and swords. It ia, on tho whole, an entertaining play, and amusca considerable audienoea nightly. Mr. Stoole, aa tho Hngonot Captain, exhibita hiafcriouio power of no mean order. Misa Marian Willis was an admi rable support,-and deolaimod with all her accustomed force and effectiveness. Misa Nollie Montague waa also v*ry sucoesaful, and well sustained the reputa tion she hus gained aa a clever and- painstaking actress. Mr. W. H. Loako concluded hi3 Adelaide season r.t tho Theatre Rovsl on Saturday lant. On Monday Mr. William Hoakiua opoaod iu " Formosa." At Carner'a Theatre, Adelaide, Thompson's Zulu War Diorama has had asncneasful run. J. R. Greville and Grattan Iuipga are playing at the Mclbourno Theatre Beyal. " The Iriah Doteotivo " ia announced for- to-niKht(Sfttnrday). " H.M.S. PinLforo " ÍB still being produced at the Molbourno Opora Houao uudor tho dirootion of Mr. J. C. Williamaon. Mies Alica Hoon, a Victorian oan tatrieo, enacts tho part of Josephine. Attho Bijou Theatre, Molbourno, tho over-popular comedian, Fred. Marshall, is now in tho olovonfch vraok of hia 3eaaon, and ia drawing crowded housoa to witnoan hia impersonation of " Qailp." 