I THE OPERA-HOUSE. I "HAMLET." j Hamlet was produced at this house on Saturday evening with a tolerably strong cast Herr Bandmann interpretation of the character of the melancholy Prince is so well known to Melbourne playgoers that it is unnecessary to describe it. Enough to say that he was called before the curtain at the end of four out of the five acts. He is to be complimented also for restoring to the acting version two very important passages. The first is that in which Hamlet surprises his uncle at his prayers, and exclaims, "Now might I don't pay," but is restrained from killing his father's murderer by the reflection that his victim would go straight to heaven ; whereas the late king had been sent out of the world " with all his crimes broad blown, as fresh as May." And it may be remarked, in passing, that if Shakespeare had been a Roman Catholic-, lie, on some fanciful theorists assume, he would never havefalleninto themis takeof imagining that Claudius would proceed straight to Paradise, without first of all passing through purgatory. The second passage restored is that in which Hamlet acknowledges that he has been actually mad, and pleads his temporary insanity as an excuse for the wrongs he has done Laertes : " This presence knows, and you must needs have heard, Bow I was punished with a Boro distraction. What I have done That might your nature, honour, and exception Roughly awake, I hope proclaim was madness. Was t Hamlet wrongM Laertes? Never Hamlet : If Hamlet from himself be taken away, And when he's not himself does wrong LaortoS, Thou lUnilct does it not, Hamlet domes he Who does It, then? The madness." At this point, as Dr. Conolly says, " the conviction becomes irresistible that the madness of Hamlet therein depicted has been a real madness." Among other variations upon the ordinary method of presenting the tragedy may be mentioned the introduction of a court jester and his youthful associates, and when Hamlet sinks into a chair after the departure of the king and queen and their retinue in the second scene of the first act, the fool, standing at the back of the scene, lays his forefinger on his own forehead, and by a gesture signifies to his companions that Hamlet is a little touched. And in the last act Fortinbras and the English ambassadors are brought, and a military funeral is decreed to the body of the Prince. The great success of the evening was achieved by Miss Beaudet, who, although suffering from a severe indisposition, and playing contrary to medical advice, took the house by storm in Ophelia's mad scene. A more touching and admirable rendering of this trying situation has never been seen upon the Melbourne boards. An acute critic has remarked that while Constance is frantic, and Lear is made Ophelia is insane. " Her sweet mind lies in fragments before me- a pitiful spectacle. Her wild, rambling fancies ; her aimless, broken speeches; her quick transitions from gaiety to sadness-each equally purposeless and causeleBB ; her snatches of old ballads, such as perhaps her nurse sang her to sleep with in her infancy are all be true to the life that we forget to wonder and can only weep." Miss Beaudet's sweet girlish face is singularly well adapted to pourtray that of the rose of May;" and the accents of her voice are as pathetic as the pretty bubble which Shakspeare puts into the mouth of this defect and wretched lady." There was nothing stage or un- natural in her distraction. She might have wandered on to the stage, like Cowper's " Crazy Kate," unconscious of the audience, recognising none of the persons present, and turning everything " to favour and to pretty ncBS." Her fantastic attitudes and movements were full of simple grace and unpre- meditated winsomeness, and the reality of her derangement was almost painful. As she faltered forth her fragments of song with tears in her voice and a far-off look in her wistful eyes, the spell of a dead silence was laid upon the audience, and when she disappeared from view through an arch at the back of the stage, the pent-up feelings of the spectators, many of whom had been moved to tears, found relief in such a tumult of applause as is only occasionally heard within the walls of a theatre. Nor did it cease until Miss Beaudet re- appeared, not as directly acknowledging it, but as repeating the valediction, " Good night, sweet ladies, good night," which she had Uttered when making her exit. Still better, if possible, was the next scene, in which she distributes floral remembrances, and in which the recollection of the father she has lost floats across her wildered brain like a strain of plaintive music, and she associates with his death the withering of the violets she has loved. "There's fun for you," she exclaimed," and laying her hand upon her heart she adds, "And here's some for me." Once, as she looks into her brother's face, a faint gleam of recognition passes over her own ; but it is like the snowflake on a river that Burns speaks of, " a moment 'white, then gone for ever." Or it might be compared to the sudden flash of a meteor light across the blackness of a midnight sky, illuminating it for a brief instant, and then by its vanish- ing away causing the darkness to appear more profound than it was before, Tender and touching in the extreme were the accents in which she delivered the words, " Gramercy on his soul I-and of all Christian souls, I pray God. God be with' you," and glided off the scene, with the restlessness of mind and movement which characterises this form of insanity, Again the applause was glamourous and prolonged, and it did not abate until Miss Beaudet re-appeared for a moment. She was also called before the curtain at the end of the act. Mr. B. Fairclough gave an excellent reading of the part of the Ghost. It was solemn and impressive, without monotony on the one hand or exaggeration on the other. The Polonius of Mr. Musgrove is the best we have had since the late J. C. Lambert quitted the Melbourne stage, and with a little more dignity it would leave nothing to be desired. Why Herr Bandmann should forget that Hamlet is a perfect gentleman as well as a Prince, and should ridicule the King's lord chamberlain while he is reciting the qualifications of the actors, and why he should call him a calf to his face, is altogether unintelligible. A sad might have done this, but not the courteous and noble-minded heir to the Danish throne, Mr. Nunn was too noisy and boisterous as Horatio, especially in the ghost scene. If the apparition was of such an awful character as to beating Marcellus and Bernardo " almost to jelly with the act of fear," it might be expected to have a corresponding effect upon one who had known the late King in life, and who would transfer to his spirit some of the respect he exhibited towards him in life, in' stead of shouting at him. Do actors, as a general rule, study the character they are to present, or do they content themselves with merely committing to memory the words 2 Mr. Stuart O'Brien, who plays the King, does not always succeed in doing this, and it interfered with the effectiveness of his performance on Saturday evening. The Queen found a suitable representative in Miss June, whose best scene was that in the closet with her son. The first speech of Laertes was very well given by Mr. Cathcart; and we were glad to find the character of Osric restored to the stage by Miss Jessie Raymond, who enters into the frivolity and finicalnesB of the [part with characteristic intelligence, and made quite a feature of it. Her example, might be advantageously followed by all who have small parts entrusted to them, " Hamlet" will be repeated this evening, when it is to be hoped it will be played more closely, as before the close of the performance on Saturday evening half the audience were obliged to leave in order to catch the last of the suburban trains. "Romeo and Juliet" is announced for Tuesday, and "East Lynne" for Thursday evening next The old Customs-house, Hastings, having been undermined by high tides, fell into the sea on August 12, with a great; crash, 