WAL.T.A.BGO, WEDNESDAY. JANUARY 19,1881. We are pleased to learn tbat tbe people of Mooota are now pretty unanigtpps in their desire to bare the line of railway from Wallaroo to Moonta adapted to the Locomotive. No stronger argument can be used in favour of tbe carrying out of this work than a reference to ±he large jftaiouiit* of traffic, that is carried on by means of %}*e present horse power liiie. We take the^ following figures on ifte subject from a~ leading article published in tlijs journal on ; September 25, 1878, %biJMiSg^|^**t6rai trade of Wallaroo for the eight years ending ^lat Dec. 1877j which show tbat in 18^0 tbe total amount of goods traffic on tbe jjfnonta line'was/^ore 22,050 toqi; goods, 3,732 tons'} in 1871, ore 25,320 tons, goods, tbns, goods, 5,031,40115; 1873j ore,30,39i tons, goods, 9j3&&ns-; 187^ ore,^$T4 tone, goods, 8,866 tonb 5 «"% 27,591 tons, goodfl, 5,809 tons ; 1878, o*e,08j>g5 tons, goodf, 6^00 tons, j 1877, ore, 27,300 tons, goods, 4,505 tons; being a.grand total of 266,794 tons, or*> yearly average of S3,319 tons. This isJeayingflfjt -of tbe question tbe(in one eense) tnoreimptirfc ant item of passenger traffic. Seeing tlmt made it would co&t; ^comparatively little t6 prepare the line for locomotive purposes, < 4nd there <jan be uo doubt tbat subse-; <juently it iTOHldproretobe &a; ecoaom ical ft ep,«s a hght locpmotire could be: out, a saving could be effected by doing away with the horsepower line to. Kadina, as if all the lines could be used by the locomotive, an engine would be fully ^employed with the local lines. That :Moptita requires better accommodation than is at present provided there can It bo doubt. It has a population,including the Mines, more than equal to the remain ing portion of the Peninsula, and yet, at present it is in a state of semi-isolation. Persons wishing'to go to Adelaide leave there at 12.50 p.m., but although Kadina is only 11 miles distant as the crow flies, j it is two hours afterwards before a start is made for that place. Again, mails and | passengers arrive at Kadina at 1.30 p.m. ! but do not reach Moonta until after three | o'clock. Now, as it has been decided to | move in this matter, and as there can be . little doubt it would be of advantage to | the three towns, and Moonta in particu lar, for the reasons given it is to be hoped nil concerned with work together har moniously in urging upon the Govern ment the necessity of carrying out the much needed work. NOTWITHSTANDING the eccentricities, of our Government, it is always gratifying to record any item of praise which may fall to tbem | from those in the neighbouring colonies. We hare instinctively a kind of parental regard for tbose who represent us, although their chief may at times makes grievous blunders in floating loans, or, in bis generosity, whilst dealing with what belong to others, consent to aid Mr Berry to the extent of £7,000 in clearing his district of phylloxera. We may abuse them ourselves, but we do not like to find others doing so. Wo find from perusing the columns of the *' Auktralasian" that the manner in which'the House got through the business of the Short Session, has been greatly admired, and it must be particularly gratifying to Mr Fowler and his very large circle of friends to find that the action taken by hiiu is viewed on such a favourable light by those so well able to judge. The above journal says:-"The short special session lately held by the South Australian Parlia ment to validate the steps taken by the Go vernment, in accordance with the. agree*^ ment lately entered into "at the Mel bourne Intercolonial Conference, was in several respects a noticeable one. . In deed, were it not that some of its more especial characteristics might, possibly, be owir,g to the desire of members to get through the business, and to escape from the unwonted demands of work in the midst of the holiday season, we should be almost sanguine enough to regard it as indicating a new political departure. It was not only that there was a marked disposition to lay aside party spirit and to discuss the ques tion before them amicable and on their merits. It was not only that though some important constitutional question regarding the course taken by the Government were raised, and properly raised, they were dealt with without the.least desire to use them as weapons of party warfare. Neither was it only that remaikable personal good feeling was exhibitel on both sides of both Houses, and that in the .Upper House a long standing feud between two conspicuous politicians was healed by a reconciliation. But what st'urctc us as tbe particularly hopeful aspect of. tbe debates was" the disposition to discuss intercolonial questions in an intercolonial spirit, aloof from tbe petty feeling of provincialism which so often defaces our Parliameniry discussions. Both Houses evidently shared in the desire .ex pressed by the Government to draw the ties of association between the colonies closer together. It is pleasant tq notice 'such a symptom in "the Parliament of an Australian colony* andthe more so because it has hither to been so fare. It would not be fur to end this short notipe without reference to the masterly ispeeeferpf $IrF<j«ler, the able colleague of MrMaun ^t tUe late conference Mr Fowler showed a knowledge, of his sub ject and * capacity of gelling with it in the spirit -of -a statesman, which fully entitled him to the commendation he received, and which-marked him out as a rising^figure in South-Australian politics/' 1 Why is it that a large number of men regard red hot protectionists as their friends? Noth ing can be more abs«ft<L Whilst every iqdf}P£i$ent should be offered to colonial manufacturers tbprp seeing op reason why they should be protected in such a way as to enable them.to resort to all kinds of objec tionable practices for their own advancement. The " European Mail" of Dec. 3, gives a striking jllifgtfation of this in a, paragraph poligy^fXienMny^^^ '. bless ingp :«>f ^rbtection'' are w.ell illustrated by ca^eawhich are just reported from Germany, atodjfbipb afford striking instances of Herr Bismarck's P°U?y . Foreigners are better treated thgn hi# own CGjjpfrymen under, the recent protectionist laws. At the ' of Novembertwo German railways required, jtbf #np 000 tons and the other 3,10Q tons of steel rails, gqd ibe German maoufaotupere woijldnqt supply the® #pder ^.p^rldn^ttbewoj^s, Attbe verysamp-time a^rtoiaa offer vai received ia this country j tosupply the Lynn and Fakenba'm Bailway, j iujNorJoIk, witb.8,000 tonsof railsat£8 per j to]?, dplivprfd. Itthay thus be rousideied that Prinze 0i8inarehfp;;.k£S a present to tbe hOmesteel manafact.yrers o? $2 to $$ $8 fief tcCPrery time a GcMnan order NowopdfivQermanmanufacturers cantake | foreign contractsinph |pw figures?' It ! rasjy soapy,0b | the price^ of steel rails does not concern the working mlui." It«af not directly, but it does it*. diM^^i^^^^S^gost^ unenlighienedlnll undifini^PH^^^il^ena which have to, be bprne by the people, will be increased or decrea^d% ? -eppf-e|jponding degree with public «if»nditore vW^gi$iie&tiy;,'ifc shoglfl j be their object'to advocate measures that will insure economy in public as well as in - their private * affairs-tbis should be doite i even if $o feigber purpose than self interest i is in 'vieww.: tiered thatthemovemeutsof^/olteclipfjistti, at presenilis only getting the tbin end of the j wedge in, and if the policy is pursued will insf££$e the present enormous expenditure in ' connection wifi? the customs.. Better by: far to sweep thecolony of -CnetOfp Houses and Custom House Officers land let tboge wfco pan best afford iit. bear. ,the burden of tbp eountry, This, bowever, will never be -done so long as tho persOns wbp should be the natural ^enemies' of protection lend its adr voeates theiri&pport; ; V From advertisement it wilt be seen Professor ' Pepper appears in JLadiaa on Thursday, Friday and Saturday, and we would call special attention to his grand Illuminated Matinee for children, which willbe held on Friday afternoon.. This ia said bythose who have bad the pleasure of see* ing it, to be vSiy grand. /. I We would remind the people of Eadina that J Hiss EllaCarrington's "Stray. Leaves'.''company j perform at Kadina this (Wednesday) evening, and at Wallaroo on Thursday and Friday even-: ings, . . | The following have been the successful j tenderers for the supplies to destitute poor4' on I the Peninsula:-Kadina, Mr T. H. Hal!j Moonta. W. B. Burpee; Wallaroo, J. Bath. Our. report of the Kadiua Corporation, and ortier matters of local interest, have been unavoid ably held over. We regret to say that many people in the town are at present suffering from dysentery. The changeable weather no doubt has a great deal to do with it. On Monday morning last a sister of Mrs Bollmeyer of the Commercial Hotel, died, only three days, after she was first at tacked. We have receivedtlie " Border Watch*' alman ac and directory. It is an extensive work having 120 pages, and besides the calendar and South Eastern directory, contains information on pro bate and succession duties, customs, railway, telegraph-and other tariffs, Gardner's calendar, and a vast amount of other useful information. . A rather serious accident occurred on Saturday night last to Mr Uriah Woods, farmer, near Wallaroo. Mr Woods with his wife and a neigh bour, Mrs Andrews, had been in the town making some purchases, and were returning bome. Mr Woods stopped opposite the Commercial Hotel, and got oat of the cartfor a few miuutee. After getting up again the horse, impatient to be off, started before he had time to get hold of the reins properly, and turned short round the corner of Mr Pulford's chaff store. The sudden turn on to the footpath caused the cart to capsize. Mrs Andrews, who was holding a baby in her arms waB thrown under the horse, and ic endeavouring to save the child received some severe bruises, as did also Mrs Woods. Mr Woods was rendered insensible, his injuries being of a more serious nature. Fortunately it was bright moonlight and a number of persons were ready to rentier assistance in a few minutes. The sufferers were ! /conveyed to the Commercial Hotel where every kindness was shown them. Dr Q-osse was soon in attendance and dressed the wounds that had been received. Oa Sunday morning Mrs Woods and Mrs AndrewB bad recovered sufficiently to be conveyed home, but it was thought necessary o remove Mr Woods to the Hospital. We have repeatedly called the attention of oattleandgoat owners to the necessity of preventing those animals from straying in the town. It will be seen by the report of the Wallaroo Police Court in another column, that it cost two indi viduals collectively £1 10s on Monday last for neglecting thiB law in respect of' goats, and another person was mulcted in 25s for allowing cattle to stray. As, according to the by-laws of the town and the clauses of the Impounding Act which apply to it, persons can not possibly be allowed to let their cattle or goats stray in the town, it is to be hoped those interested will take warning and endeavour to prevent 'a recur rence of the evil, as there is little doubt in future cases move severe penalties will be inflicted. A guilty conscience is not a jery desirable pos session, but there is an old Scotch saying that " its an ill wind that blaws naebody gude," and, as the case we are going to refer to proves, thi s fully applies to a troublesome conscience. . It is not unusual for hard working miners who have not bad luok on their aide, to find at the end of a contract that Instead of having anything to take in addition to the " fiistf' they are in debt to the mine. In instances of this kind , there does not eeem to be much reason for being troubled, but {ihere are doubtless many cases where there' never lias beep an endeavour made on the part of the Workman toperform his part honestly, and con sequently there is ample cause for reflection. A jbort time tfep Manager of the Wallaroo Mines, received an aqonyoiQns letter, enclosed .vith which W£g a £5 note. There was nothing in the letter to show who the writer was, biut be stated that he had been employed on the mine and . had left it in debt, bat his conscience had troubled , him and he felt bound to send the money in order te : obtain relief. What a blessing it would be if |li©re were a fewtnore of such consciences knock ing around, and ^ seising- on*' to individuals whom we could name. We have received from Mr W. T. Montgomery the report" of the Irish Relief Fund. But we . feel sotgeifb^t sqrprised to find that no mention i is made of W«Haroo fcavjtyg cqntjributed although I the first of the Peninsula (towns th*t moved in the matter. It appears as if the amounts for and Wallaroo were pat together and to tt)® credit of the former, as we do not remember the pui|| of $8§ 12s 3d haying bepq collected there. Jt is to be hopecj the Secretory will rectify this error. To give an idea of the sacpps| of the fqad we ^aote the following from Mr j|ontgpa)Bi?ypsjf&rt; ?-*' Tl?e total repejpts were £§,45§ 4s 6d. Tn the above sum I have1 not included the amount collected at i£apund&, which reached the handsome-figure of £420, and was forwarded direct, making a total -realized in fhfa cobny of ^8,875 4s $d. On June 3d, 1879, ib? populqtiqn qt yictorfa if as an <f ber contributions to the fund amounted to close on £3§,00Q, being an average per head of 8|d. On gfte s&Sie; date the census returns show that 2few goqtb Wales had a population of 712,019 persons, sod ber gross contributions came to a little over £31,000, or ah avei^ge of 10-pence tbreeeeventlis per head. On December 31';" 1878;. ttie population of South Australia wa? fOQghty ^t|jflat®4 a$ §|2,Q0Q, making a,n average donation per- head of 8Jd. 3 and ; Qneensland with her . 210,510 persons gave orer £11,000, or an ayerage of 13£d. Taking joto consideration the *d»tive wealth of each of ^glgnlpi, rfftjlt ia tfrat Queensland was the largest jspi»t|iboto^ 8014th' Australia stands second, 3?ew South Wales third, and Victoria fourth." .* A ireek back (says an;. English eon ahidy^e^kgosrp ii Iiondon society, and liying a£ tjje ^est $pd ^»as applied $Q for assistance for a - poor girl wbp 411 grea| distress. Being of " a sympathetic "nature, she iru utonil/ itfttftated, but beiog alio of a practical one, she inquired into the case. Lj£he discovered that the poor girt a y earallo wfed Jjer for dress, and coij33:not afford more than five new evening dresses.] It may readily be imagined'that .no aid was given. The/lady quickly returned to horcarriage and drove away. Professor Pepper, the-celebrated Scientifie ! Lecturer, appeared at Wallaroo on/Monday and Tuesday evenings with Bis ghoBt illusion. On ; Monday evening in opening, the Professor j referred to the promise".he: made when in Wallaroo previously to, if possible, visit the town once more/before leaving the'^dloriy, when he' intended to introdace to the audience an illasion of his own invention -which had astonished the people of London seventeen yeara ago. He remarked in humorous terms to the difference that existed between himself and the dog in the fable, who .' lost the substance. in grasping at the ehaddow." By his (the Professor's) ghost he had in four months realised the handsome Bum of £12,000. He, however, pointed out the difficulties which he had met with in protecting the patent. The entertainment opened with the beautiful story of Pygmalion and Galatea. But by far the most beautiful part was the exhibition of Statuary, the group which appeared to attract the greatest amount of attention being '* the Mourners." " A walk through London" was most entertaining and instructive, from the excellent way in which the Professor explained the different views. The comic part of the entertainment was the " Barber worried by ghosts" and the Shaddow Pantomime. In the former the gentleman who took the part of the un fortunate hair cutter was a deal more " spry', than the usual rue of barbers now a days. On Tuesday night the Professor opened by ex plaining the wonders of the telophone and phonograph, which were highly applauded,. as were also the '? Christmas Greetings." The harried tragedy committed in Sydney some years ago known as " Fisher's murder" was shown, the " ghost" playing a prommcnt part. Banquo's ghost was also shown and the Professor, with considerable dramatic effect, gave that part of Macbeth's speech at the banquet when he rose to drink the health of the murderer Banquo, and was confronted by his ghost. The trying story of " the babes in the wood" was illustrated and was loudly applauded, but we must confess to a previous ignorance concerning the development of those celebrated individuals. Had they been equal in size to the Professor's, the Robin's was no mean task when they undertook to " cover them with leaves." The views of Afghanistan were grand, and combined with the graphic description provided by the Professor were an entertainment in themselves. The entertainment closed with an exhibition ol Jarley's waxworks and the mirth provoking ehaddow pantomime. This evening the Professor favors Wallaroo with another entertainment, of different dis cription ending with a short lecture on the '' end of the world." Doubtless a large number will avail themselves of the treat that is in store. We hare to record another narrow escape from an accident through the want of a proper passenger station at Wallaroo. On Monday last two gentlemen from Moonta who were unacquanted with the absurd system in force here were waiting in the Bmall passenger station from which the usual bus start?. They intending to go by- the 2. 20 train natuarally supposed that the train would leave from the same place, consequently 'did not bother walking about the ehenting ground. But unfortunately as both were sitting peacefully chatting the train started. They »t once seized their carpet bags and rushed across the intervening space. Throwing their luggage into a truck, they managed to grasp the iron railing of the gangway, but as both were hanging together ,tlie train had proceeded some distance before they were quite out of danger. This is only one of many cases that daily ocour, and which will undoubtedly sooner or later end in a serious accident to some intending passenger; who will have good reason for a claim upon the Gov ernment. There will certainly be abundance of work in a short time for all who may be seeking employ ment, It will be teen that the .Wallaroo Mines pro prietors are inviting tenders for the repair of a ' part of the Main Drain. The work 'is to-be let in a way that will suit small contractors, and plans and specifications may be seen at the Town 1 Clerk's. office, Kadina .or Wallaroo, and at the 1 Mines Office. In addition tp. tl4s there is room ! ffa are told for any number of miners on the mine. The local Boad.Board are inviting tenders for thirteen contracts in different parts of the dis tricts. As will be seen by advertisement, large quantities of grubbing is open, so thatnat^ith; gt^ndfog the qtigaUffactp^y nature of the harvest, there is little likelihood of an abundance of work during the usually dull winter months. Ihe following statistics of felonies and misdemeanors, brought under the notice of the "Vyallaroo police Oflurt, will np doubt be persued with interest by many of oar readers. During the year 1879; five persons (sailors) were committed for trial at the Supreme Court fof a felonious assault' oji the pbUfsg,' two other offenders were sent on for iris} for lake pretences. T*»e felonies, daring theyearjustpast, have I been confined to 5 cases of larceny un I jr £5i ] resulting in 3 convictions and 2 ldismtss-.0.9, also | a,juvenile offender convicted, Ther^ 'hate Ho felonies gf a serious phqi^ptar, «or afc? bigh misdemeanors lience no committals to the I Supreme Court. The larceny '<M|get qjbQve I referred te were disposed of under the Minor Offences Procedure Act as well as one case of an aggravated assault. Turning to the Police Court business we find that 145 oases "have been heard and determined.during the yegf ^y the local Magistrates. The case; tender t^e police Act numbering no less thag 52, whilst 20 persons,- prinoipirily saiiore, have been mulcted in the usual' penalty (for inebriete assaults number 13; Merchant. Shipping Act 18. Fifteen families"have been deserted, nine of these cases iwere determined by tije Qpyrt» ftl)4 t^e r^a|ning -flRripaicably apd 2 dismissed. The increases eg compared with,last #ear are-~ under. Police Act, 10; Assaults, -10'? -Merchant Shipping. Act, 15 j owing no doubt to the i ifiuz of the jwheat" ships last season)-©runk people ctfYictqria wince perceptihly when they happen to be regarded in'R^'second Addle" ligbt* fhe Australasian in writing on Mr Mann*#: Qeen speech during the short Session. says-" That was r&thcra; s ignific&nt; statement which was made by Mr Mann, the Treasurer of Sooth Austral:a, when supporting the arrangements the Govern ment had entered into at the the course of his remarks he |?Ab reg^J® theintercolonial railway connexion, thO pol>%of South Australia, he contended, should Be*; to draw the bonds of anion close with New South Wales, as her policy had more sympathy with theirs. Cotrnnumcatioo with Melbourne waB a secondary consideration." On these grounds he proceeded to jnstify-the formation of a railway to WentiVorfti to iSSeFffieNe w South Wales' line and the Victorian line at that point. " The ad ditional distance to Melbourne via Wentworth, as I against Border Town, was only about 75 mileB, while as regards Sydney there was an advantage of 300 miles." But it is not so much the particular matter of discussion to which we desire to draw at tention as the general principle that com munication with Melbourne is a secondary consideration, owing to the closer resemblance of the policy of New South Wales to that of South Australia. To this point has the isolating policy of Berry ism brought Victoria, that the neighbouring colonies regard com munication with her metropolis as only a secondary matter. The instance is of importance as showing bow the feeling is ripening in the adjoining colonies that may make the formation of a union amongst themselves to the exclusion of this colony an actual fact before we know where we are. Mr Berry looks on at the possibility with easy fatuous complacency, but we think there is too much common sense in the mind of the public to allow thiB silly sentiment to become a general one. That the views of the South Australian Government on the desirability of drawing closer to New South Wales are shared by the Parliament we may infer from the fact that the bill to give effect to ths convention made with Sir Henry Parkes was carried through both Houses without opposi tion." Colonists when visiting this great metropolis (says the European, Mail) invariably like to see the East of London, and learn for themselves whether it is really that den of infamy which has been represented to them times out of ?umber. Many have been surprised to find that several parts of this district are only a shade removed from the West End, though they have expressdd their regret at the destitution to be found round about the docks, and in the more populous districts of Shoreditch, Poplar, and Whitechapel. Although far removed from the scene, there are not a few who would like to give practical proof of their sympathy, and to such we would recommend the London Cottage Mission, which has tor the past ten years been doing a good work amongst the poor of East London. It has sought to relievo them two-fold, in seeking to raise them lo the highest of all attainments, viz., a religious life, and at the same time it has not been unmindful of their temporal wants. The last two winters, when the depression in trade and the severity of the weather caused so large a number of families to want even the common necessaries of life, this mission came forward and gave over 20.000 hungry children and a large number of men and women " Irish stew dinners." In addition to to this a roast beef and plum pudding dinner was given to the aged poor, besides several " free teaB." Winter is again upon us, and promises to be long and Bevere, and as the London Cottage Mission still seeks to mitigate the sufferings of the poor during the winter months with weekly Irish srew dinners, which will commence at once, we hope benevolent colonists will contribute liberally to its funds, which are, unfortunately, very low. The offices are at 44 JTinsbury Pavement, and here Mr Waller Austin, the hoo. see., will be very glad to receive sub scriptions. The Caruaqulieen, barque, which, it will be remembered was on Tiparra reef some years ago, and was afterwards towed to Wallaroo and discharged, has been in trouble again on her voyage from Antwerp to Sydney; The " Aua traliau Shipping News" states that while off the j south coast of Tasmauia she encountered, on Dec. 28 a hurricane from the westward, which compelled her to heave to; while doing this the maintopsail yard carried away, and fell, bringing with it the upper yqrda as well, and smashing the bulwarks; the men were then set to work to cut the wreck adrift, and while doing this a sea1 came over ber port side which smashed the two I lifeboats and longboat, started the gig from her lashings, stove in and gutted cjeofehouse, be sides other qiinor (fcmaga on deck; the lower fore topsail and foresail were torn to ribbons, and several of the crew much injured ; other heavy sea were shipped at intervals during the day, each of which did further damage, but by ih^nait the gale took off, and she wa$ cabled to get sail on her again, $t *?as (bund, on resuming her voyage, that the cargo had shifted over to starboard. The Maryborough Advertiser bears the follow-? ing testimony to Mr Mtlngr $fep.h?P^ power;-> " An qM oa^n nailed William Sutherland, aged f5, with Wt eye destroyed, and only able to dis tingui b light from darkness with the right, was in the hospital at Mount Gambier, South Aus tralia, when, hearing the account of. Mr Milne? Stephen's cures read to him Age news paper, he fbtrfQ^d ffcp bold project of walking 300 Kites to see him. He did this expecting to find Mr Stephen in Melbourne, but accidently met him in Maryborough. The poor fellow was so blind that he had to be led to a chair. After Mr Stephen bad breathed into his eye he joyfully exclaimed that lie could see everything in the. room distinctly, and on leaving ti\e$pa?tiQent two gentlemen M^ed .hkf> If he coitfd see, vlien he replied that he caqld see that he bad his baudker chief in one hand and hi? stick in the other. An other aged man,named Edward Howard, from XfeCallum's Creek, so blind in' both eyea ii^t' he; could only distingnish the £gqi? qf 4 map.,' fpflnd his sight ^Cj^pqly lestofeif,, ajid nPQurstely desrr; ?rib,ed 3 e.q^jl picture bimging o?e? thedoor,jn the presence of several witnesses." - Shebp Traffic IN; TSB,NORTH.-^Daring September between 50,000 and 60.Q0Q sheep wero carried by special' , 4^ » correspondent telegraph# to-d^y, wltober 4tb, that the no diiainutJoa. Ko fewer than ei^ht specials ran yesterday ladenentirety 8h«ejr. ^ . .... ' - 1;. : 