I MY LOVE i iBr E. Ltxx Lutiox, AuTnon op " " FATntciL Kembali/," "Tbe AtoXe.iext or Isam Dos- das," " Under "VTniou Lord?" &c.; Chapter XXVIII. — A New Thread. Christmas came, ant! with it ho droppod inn- inRS of that objectionable fninUy which owned 'those noisy Doves as its most prominent mom hers. The two brothors left in England come down-for tho vacation, and tho Cowley boys caroh as well ; tho startling costtimcs doviscd and exe cuted in tho dork days of -autumn woro brought to Dgiit and puhiicity — to mo KC'U U of certain unfriendly critics of whom old Mrs. Morshcud was tho chief ; and tho rousing reveille at Sbcrrardino woho np Highwood to full and fast activity. Tho weather fortunately continued fair and frosty, and skating was tho order of tho day, whilo dancing and round games, snap-dragon and charades, in ndc tho ovenings "go" in such sort that "tho fan might bo said to ovorflow at all four cornors.. Tho wbolo placo was astir vitli tho- gniotics of tho season ; and tho examplo sot by tho family at Sbcrrardino scorned to ho infectious, and to pass from honse to houso, liko measles or hooping-cough, in orderly succession. ' Even Mr. BranscomLo'was not proof against tho- contagion of thia gay epidemic. -Having already - greatly relaxed tho sovcrity of his mourning, he relaxed it now still moro because of tho season and its claims. Ho could not, ho said, throw the chill of his gloom over this joy ous time ; and lie thought ho showed bis devo tion to his sainted Matilda beet by doing that which would ho most congenial to her sentiments wcro sho ablo to d'roct him viva voce. His duughtor, his dear Stella, must not he too much shut tip now. . It was touching and pretty to seo her wish for isolation from tho crowd and hor desiro for quiet companionship with liim alone. Dear child i she lived but in his sight ! And of course that would be his wish also, as it -was his solo source of pleasure ;but ho must do violenco to himself that ho might do good to her. Therefore, he and his daughter would nccopt whatever invitations wcro afloat; and thoy even went tii Sherrardino, where niitnrnlly one so aiagant und£artistio a« Mr. Branscombo. did not feel he bad any real business to be. " Bnt that is tho worst of a country society,'" he. said, when discussing theso things with Horlensia. Lyon. " If you go to ono placo yon mii3t to all, clso you mako enemies by showing favor." It was all-for his daughter, Wropoatccl to tho world with bland nnd painful resignation; to Ilortonsiawith an appcaranco of liait'-concoalod" chagrin, chagrin vory clearly concealed and: very artfully displayed — all for hor. palo checks, peaked shoulders, bluc-cncirclcd oyos, and tho health which had run down so visibly, hut to which tha hidden disoaso had not yot given its name. So it might be. Wo havo no right to look behind a man's "words for his motives ; bnt for an unwilling sacrifice, ns he made himself out to bo, Mr. Branscombo was certainly what tho Pcnne- fathor girls called "awfully jolly," though ho was so " awfully stilted and humbugging and affected," as 'well. Still ho was decidedly jolly; and anyone would havo said ho enjoyed hisa ori fice liko the rest of them. All this", however, did poor Stella no appreci able good. Though not apparently so much do- prcstcd, sho was just as palo and thin as over, .and not oven a half romping tarn at "Sir Bogcr do Covcrley" did moro than bring tho color into hor faco for just so long es the exer tion lasted. Wlion hor breath camo back tho soft pink roses in hor chcekB faded into tho normal pallor of her present .condition, and sho looked oven moro fragilo and dia phanous than before. Dr. Quigloy was looking after her in his own way, but silently.- Ho was waiting for spriug time— and beyond ; waiting until sundry things should doclars themselves more plainly than at "prcscat, before ho again took on himBolf tho unauthorised direction of events. He was waiting and watching vigilantly, and for moro things than ono. But ha took no ono into his confidence, .mil tlio revelations con veyed by those lteon eyes and' that active brain remained his own proporty only,, shared and sus pected by noiie. ' " Supremo !" That was Vnlontino Cowley's present working word— the traction engine which drow-tho whole verbal laud, the caniol which was ladon with all tho dispersed straws of admiration. Everylhing of whicii ho approved was " supremo dhd this Christmas timo Stella Branscombo, who bad always 'been . " nice," was" supremest of tlio supremo. Tho truth was, Vnlontino Cowloy had suddenly bocamo a ' now " man. Ho bad fallon -under influences which, as he said, had comploted his being. To his former magnificent . muscularity and worship of- manly strength ho had added a passion for blue china, Queen Anno architecture, Morris's papers, Kosctti'e poems, Buskin's proso, : half tones in blue and green, earnestness iu men and tender stillness in women — with a sublime contempt for tfpdo, luxury, tbo doctrine of evolution and tho fourth dimension. . Ho had met a certain man of mark— one of tho leaders of this school— just as ho was casting his boyish mental skin nnd becom ing moro manly and rcflectivo, just as ho was slipping liko a hermit crab from ono intellectual shell to another, getting tired of play and casting about for "work" and "his life's moaning." And this man had cultivated hira on his own lines and made him, intellectually, a new crea ture—having, as bo Eaid, completed his being, loaving hira his muscles, but adding thereto reverence for art, and knowledgo of tho time mcatiing'of poetry. Having thus gone past tho point when noisy hoydens woro his chosen chums, Yal. had entered on tho lines of refinement and iddalistio woman hood ; of saints ill their swootness and of ladies in their grace ; even of blossoms tenderly blighted and delicate to tho verge -of sickliness. And Stella, who was jnst as beautiful now in the days of her pallor as sho had been in tboso of hor fresh- ncss — though beautiful in a different way, ana with moro sonl about her, said"\'al — seemed to him just tho Jrind of thing that ho liked best of ali, and just tlio person for whoso appreciation nature had fitted hira. Gip and Tip wero still awfully jolly and awfully nice ; tho best girls in tho world , and with tho least nonsense about them tlmt could be ; but Stella Branscombo tonchod a higher level than they ootild over aspire to reach. Gip aud Pip wore of :the arrested, uon-doveloping class ; while for .Stella all manner of spiritual progress might be expected ; and Gip and Pip laughed too much and too loud, and had eyes far too-bright and hold and wandering for his taste as it stood now, whilo Stella's sweat, low, tender tones and mild, sad, steadfast oyes sooraod to him the very perfection of their kind. Vi'boreforc, after they had mot once 0)1 the Ice, dipped their fingors together into tbo blazing brandy of snap-dragon, and laughed at tho ghast- lincss gathered round tlio bluo light made of the salt so liberally ladled in; after they had waltzed till they were tired, and acted lovers in a char.ido —Valentine pronounced her "Supremo;" and made Georgio Pcnnefather free of his vordiot-. To which Georgie, laughing as if it were a small battery of guns fired off in a salute, said in a shrill voice: "Why, Vail aro you going to bo ono of those duffers who go in for. washed-out faces and sentimental voices f I thought you had moro nqiti in yon than tliat ! Stolla Branscombo is all very well in her way, but hor way was ncvor too much of a good thing, and now it is less so than ever. I would as soon make love to a ghost at once, if I wore a man, as to her. I don't know indeed but that the ghost would bo tlio betiorfuu of tho two !" ' " Ton-incorrigible young person !" said Valen tine, his gaiety a little forced. "And you' incomprehensible individual !" re torted Goorgio, hor rattling laugh as little really spontaneous as his smile. . . , A littlr, off-room at Sherrardino .opened, on to the drawingroom, where at thia moment dancing was going on. Gip and Pip always called it, in their audacious way, "Thospoohiiig-room ;" and held themselves frets to rally any ono who might be found thuioin, and to assume whatever they chcso beyond the patent fact -of occupancy. Dancing being to Valentine, in his -now character of pre-Kaffaclitc enthusiast, a rather vulgar and decidedly unpoetic exercise, and Stella being tired, tho two were sitting quietly in a cornor playing at "spillikins"— not. a very intellectual gamo— whero Stella was perpetually keeping Valentine from' committing suicide by trying for tho Trident when too much involved or for tho Pipo when certain to shake. Sinco sho had got over tbe first pain of Cyril's letter to Eandolph — reading his silence a3 renun ciation even of her memory— Stella had honestly and heroically done her bc3t to live down her pain and to be in all .things liko other girls. So long 'as it bod been a mutual heart-break beivfacu bcr and her lost Love she bad carried her sorrowSlnd . Published by special arriugeiaontwlth thoauthor. Ail rights reserved. her flag of fealty ; but now when she believed her-1 self if not obsolutoly forgotten — who can really forgot? — yef. resolutely set aside, tbe determined to bmy hor sorrow deep in bar own breast, and ovon to do bcr best tp mako hersolf forgot that sho had othcreauso for active grief than that— suffi ciently heavy in itself— of bordear mother's death. Sho know, that for her own part sho 6bould lovo Cyril all lier lifo, and lovo him only. Ho other affection would ever take tho placo of this, which sho had worn as her glory and now woro as hor cross. But sho would not go abont tbo "world as a love- lorn damsoi, wearing tbe willow and bidding for sym pathy. Sho wonld bo no "Blighted Boing" whom tha gentle would pity nnd tho cynical doriilc. And now that papa liad thought it good for hcrto go again into aociety, sho would go liko any cue clso, and foreo hersolf at least to appear to tako- interest in all that went on ; though.sho had no moro real' ploasuro therein, and derived no moro. moral sustcnanco thorofrom, than does tho starving man ' "whoa the typical, slono is tossed into his lap . for bread. Good- natural she ..had always beon ; over ready to play chess' with beginnora or draughts with children, to- rattle off waltzes or quadrilles for others to dance to, and to count hor marriages in boziquo and her points in piquet with tho sthpid and the old. But now sho was oven more good-natured and. more helpful, if that wore possible. Mil on ever anyone was wanted to do a kind turn to others, or to do what was un pleasant to hersolf, Stolla Branscombo came to the front and took up all tho littlo fardels in a row, shouldering them without a murmur. If a horo had to bo got out of tho way Stella took him on her own hands and off tho necks of tbo rest; if there wero too many in a set, and somo ono had to givo up, Stella was that somo ono; if there was an uncomfortable bit of duty to be dono in tbe parish, Stella wa3 "asked to do it, and sho always did whnt sho was asked. Young as sho was, sbo was getting to hold that impersonal kind of place which belongs to tho " altruistic " natures — to be a kind of youthful social grandmother to all who camo' for help in moments of noed,-' and from whom no ono was turnod away unsatisfied. Still Bho felt that beyond all this shohad'to find some moro absorbing occupation than ovon sooial attractions gave her— something that should mako her quite forget her own troublo in tho activity of serious well-doing. Helping papa had failed to console hur. Shornevor quite understood why, hut sho knew that' it had 5 ancl fihe did not f col as if being a kind of social fairy godmother was tho exact ultimate of her aspirations or abilities. But all this" was by tho'liyo. " What sho' had to do in tho immediate present was to mako liorsolf generally usoful - and -universally' amiablo, to thrust back Cyril dcop, deep into tho recesses of her thoughts — as l'ar iu.tho background as was possible— and to forgot herself all ronnd. And she fulfiliod her solf-imposed task to the letter. Over bis spillikins," which served as a pretence, Valentino fixed his dark oyes on tho sweot fair fuco before liira bending over tho table with nil Stella Dranscombe's sincerity of interest in tlio thing in hand. Ilo looked at her -long nnd ardently, then suddenly, without preface or warning, lio asked, .in a soft, sentimontal kind of way. "Tell'mo, Miss-Branscorabe, what isyouridoal ofiifo?" it Stolla, who had nover gone into abstrnco'qnos- tions of this kind, even under her father's frothy tuition, looked up with a puzzled face, and then said : . " What do you incatr?" "Your ideal of life," repeated Yalantino, as if repetition wcro explanation, and a puzzle said twice ft'er gave its own key in tho echo. " I do not know that X have any," sho said, in a pretty hesitating way, feeling dreadfully ,donso and silly. " I have novor thought of it. I sup. pose ono ought to do what good ono can — to bo as usoful to others and as sincoro to ourselves as is possible. I cannot givo any othor answor. What is your ideal ? Then I ahull know better what you moan hy yourquestion." "Mine?" returned Valentine. "My ideal of fo is Earnestness — tlio worship of tho tender and tho beautiful— tho bringing of religiousness and spirituality into our daily doings, liko dear old George Herbert— striving after the hotter way through tbo culture of pootry by means of lovo and art." An odd littlo movement of repulsion passed al most like a shudder over Stolla. " 1 do not think I care much for.poetry," she said naively. " I think X. liko somcihing . more practical." "Oh !"ho returned, in an.aggrioved tone; 'land you look tho very soul of poetry in jtpur own person ! You not caro for poetry?— you who arc made to be -a man's muse, to inspire his loftiest thoughts, his noblest aspirations I" " I sincorcly hope not," said Stella, with curious gravity. " I do not think that is my function at all." "No! What then? Where does your great gift of infiucncolie ?" ho askod cagorly. He had made a bad sbot by bis first guess, but supremo as slto was he must know in what censor ho might burn his incenso, and by what liturgy intone bis devotions. "I aui so matter of fact," sho said, ob if accus- ingbersclf of a fault. "Tcaro so much moro for roalities than for all this kind or thing, as I just said. I would caro to do gohd to tbo poor, to help the sorrowful, to nurso the sick— anything of that kind— so much more than to write poetry or ovon' inspire it !". " You might still bo practical, yet inspire tho poet ; and with ono of his loftiest themes 1" answered Valentine, warmly. " Tho gracious Ladyes of tho past — the sweet chatelaines who walked iu their gardens and sat in their bowers, boro also tho, castlo keys at tboir girdles, wcro servers of bread, and leeches in tbeir degree. Tho Ladyc of La Gnrayo was tho Lady Bountiful of whom you paint tho outlines so delicately, so deliriously." " But I do not think I should over caro to in spire a poot at all," persisted Stolla. "A man ought to lead such a much freer and healthier, .more out-of-doors and practical life than- poets and artists can do. To mo, health and strength ami energy aro snch grand things !" " In man perhaps, not in woman," said Valen tine, entangled in his' sentimental crazo for want of hmmatine and for relaxed fibre. "A woman sboul 1 be a dainty, tender, delicate creature, all soul and spirit— a low- voiced, sweet-faced, fragile saint, to be taken care of by her husband," to whom sho should be at pnee his Egoria and his charge— her pure counsels his fount of inspiration and the guidance of bis life, while his strength gives hor service and protection." Stella looked at her companion with frank sur- priso. Sho forgot oven tho " thirty " Trident, at which she had beon so delicately- working! and which was ono of the great prizes of their odd little game. " You say all this sho said. " I thought you cared only for fun and gaiety, and that what you liked best in woman was good humor and high spirit3 and all that kind of thing — girls who could walk and ride and row, .ind woro hover tired and never and, nnd whoso whole lives were juat liko so much danco music." "No! a thousand times no!" answered Valen tine, with strapgo energy. " Womon of that kind aro good to Inugb with, i grant. .. They are first- rate fun, and capital fellows all through; but the supromo to idealise and idolise is of a very different typo. My ideal would bo a girl, pale, slender, gentlo, fair, reminding ono of a lily that hud been a littlo bowed under the weight of a passing storm, of a blush-rose surcharged with the tears of tho morning ; of a saintly martyr, floating in tho still Jake, her hair, spread out liko an aureola about her; of aU things tender au<( suit and plaintive, to whom I should minister — sbo demanding caro bocauso of hor-sublirao weak-' ness, und 1 sli'ong nnd reverent, proud to givo hor oil my knees tho service of my life. That is my idhal woman ; and I would givo her your form and features." . 1 "'would you?" said Stolla, with tho most rifiiple, tho most sincere amazoinent. "How odd f" ' Nothing being' further from her thoughts than loving, nothing was farther from hor perceptions than being made love to. And if any ono had told hor. that this was Valentino Cowley's method of making lovo sho would havo thought her in formant was dreaming, or perhaps wilfully trying to deceive her. At this moment, and before Valentino could answer, the music ceased in tho drawingroom, and Eandolph Mackenzie camo lumbering through the doorway, bringing Gip on his arm. In their quality of hostesses sbo and Tip were look ing after "laggards and beating np partners for the next dance. Immediately bobind theso two camo in Pip witlj Mil — moro constant to theorig- : innl type than his elder brother had shown him- j self to be. But then he was thrco years younger;1 j hc had not tho steadying prospect of futuro in- t-bcritance andfamily headship to put a littlo more, ballast into him "r and-ho-had-notyielddd to the. -influences of Albert Jones and tho lovo of blue Chinsq Ho was slill In tbo era of tomboys and fun. Thero wore no flaws in tho Ponpofathor pottery for him, anil bo saw-no beauty in saints destitute of hnimatino and with fibres all rolaxod; and poetry was simple bosb, whon not an uglier word still. His brother's new vein of sentimen tality surprised him as mnch as it surprised tho Doves, but ho supposed ho would work out of it again. If Bo did not, ho was a good follow spoilt, said Mil ; and ho wondorcd how ho oould bo sttcb a duffer to bo taken in by ouo who himself was nothing bnt a duffer aU round. However, 'that was his own affair, and if ho 'liked it lot him go thopaco till ho got tired 1 Just now ho seemed to bo going tho paco at a hand. gallop, to jitdgo by his faco, which was tho first thing thoy saw as tho four camo surging through tho doorway, Ean dolph and Gip leading. "I say, you pair of spoons," shouted Gip ; "what aro yon doing hero when you ought to bo doing your duty by Augusta Latrobo, who has beon playing for us liko nn angel. "What's the uzo of you both if you don't danco when you should ? Spooning timo- novor cmncs till after supper." " Ono can't ho always dancing, Gip, said Val entine a sbado testily. "And Miss'Brahscomho was tired." " TLon M|ss Branscombo raigkt bo content to be tired for herself, without carrying off ono of our partners to keop her company I" said Gip with a grimace- "Tboro's Hortonsia Lyon been sitting out, and littlo Lucy Grey, and half a dozen othor girls; and hero aro you carrying ou over spillikins instead of doing your duty liko a man ! England expects ovcry man to do his duty. Do you mind that, Mr. Val ! Wo don't allow laggards at Sher rardino !" Sho laugbod whan sho said all this in bcr usual boisterous and extensive way; but bor oyes wero painfully bright and her laugh unmusically hard. ' Valentino changed color, and for a moment looked as if h6 was going to bo angry. He seamed to thidk bettor Of it betimes, and put on tho most amiablo faco at his command. . "Vll right, Gip I I'll do my duty noxt timo liko a man," ho laughed ; "and you shall bo my Brit annia." And at this thoy all .laughed, as at an exquisite joko ; all aavo Eandolph Mackcnzio —who was looking liko a . man standing at tho bar of tho Old 'Bailoy Waiting for his sontcnco, and . Stolla— who wished sbo was not so obtuse, and conld seo whoro tbo fun was which amusod othors so mnch. But the spell was broken for Valontine ; the charm flown for tho evening. Ilo folt somothing like. an enchanted princo who had . boon pormittod 'to como out of that rough-skinned hafik in which ho was onclosod, and to appear as a lovoly young man for a moment ; hut who must now go back ,to hia husk and his hide, and bounco more tho moro lout, if not tho Beast of his daily appearance. Ho was no longer Valentino tho poetic, tho adorer of tho ideal, but Vol; tho choson chum of a noisy, wild andsomowhat vulgar, tomboy; to whoso "business" ho had to play, koeping in the same lines as hors and with tbe liko method. Tho two sitting at tho littlo table got np, and all six wont .into tho drawingroom, wboro Stolla undertook to play tho noxt sot of quadrillos, and Eandolph said ho wonld turn ovor tho leaves of her music book. Colonel Monoypcnny had just beon doing tho liko olfico for Mrs. Latrobo, though indeed sho had scarcaly ncodod his assistonco, see ing that her waltz had occupied only ono pago, and thoro woro no leaves to turn. Bnt as sud denly us Vslontino Cowloy's declaration of his ideal to Strila Branscombo, as much -without profaco or warning, tho Colonel had aban doned his displeased attitude towards tho fair-faced widow, and to-night had dovotod himsolf to hor as if thoro had ncvor been a shadow of coolness botween thorn. And as taking no notico and lotting things slido wcro tho main points of Augusta's philosophy, sbo lmd accepted his atlcntious with tho most delightful and swcet-tompcrcd forgiveness of past rudeness, and nover seemed to remember that to-day had bad a yesterday or might havo a to-morrow. Hortensia was sitting botwocn hor father and Mr. Branscombo. a mcok and sclf-donying littlo Puritan,, professing quietness and prcforring lofty convcrso to all this loud and mindloss gaioty. And ovon whon a whist tablo was formed, sho wont off into-tho "spoonlngroom" with the elders, better pleased to wittcli a gamo of which sbo know neither tho rules nor tbo valuo of this cards, but whore Mr. Branscombo. wus an authority; than to tako part in any of tho fun going on among tho rest. With all tboso odd littlo'kings", howovor, tho rosc-colorcd thread of mirth'and merriment ran on tho wliolo smooth and straight ; and only Ean dolph kept a saddened faco, oy frit as if. his heart bad leaden weights which dragged it down and made it heavy. Gip, who had got back hor old playfellow, was as bright as it was lior nature to bo ; and Pip, who had had no snch twitch as had mado hor sister fool as if things had gone vory crooked souobow within tho lost half-hour, was all that Pip over wus. Thus tho evening passed in an apparent cloud of silvorand gold floating over a sky all of bluo and roso color ; and only whon all tho guests had gone and tho two Doves were safo in their own rooms with cach'othcr was tho secret displayed. " I Bay, Patrick," began her sister, as sho brushed her fino hair with vigor; "what did you think of Vol. and Stella to-night? Is ita caso ? Looks liko it, doesn't it ?" " Ycfi, I think he's awful nuts on hor, I do, in deed, George," said Pip, gravely. There was silence for afow moments. " Those horrid, quiot, sly girls 1" burst out Gip, with strango passion. "They carry everything off and pretend they don't want to I Of all things iu ttte/fvorld I bate most a quiet flirt; and f am stiro 'Stolla Branscombo is a quiot flirt — I am sure of it from to-night." "Sol think, loo, George ; nasty moan thing 1" said Pip with sympathetic cnorgy. " Why can not she ho honest and above-hoard I ' and why csnuot she keep to hor own spoons? Wo didn't interfere with Cyril whon ho was humbugging about, and wo don't want 'that great long lout of a Eandolph, who is as much in lovo with her as ho can be. Sho might -leavo Val and Mil to ns instead of coming in with hor sly ways and spoiling all our fun. They'll be no good to anyone if thoy got spoons on a girl ; anil' that's -what- will bo tho end if things go on liko this !" ..." " It is too bad of hor !" returned Gip. "Girls who poach on othor girls' manors deserve to bo shot 1" . Which was a tolerably strong sentiment" for rattling Georgio Pennofathcr, she whoso good, humor was as proverbial as her fatness; aud whose- amiability and vulgarity were hold to he in equal measure one with tho otber. But when tho jado winces docs -it not show that she is -galled? . . . Chapter XXIX.— On Guard. The now thread laid on tho night of that little danco at Sherrardino was not suffered to loso it- self in confused tangles and knots whieh fastened nothing. It was vory evident to Valentino Cowley that Stella's soul was not mado, at least in tho way in which ho held souls should go, and he sot himself to tho task- of moulding that dolicato ' particle according to his otvn ideas. It seemed, to him also that it would bo tho most driightfnl thing in tho world to have Stella Branscombo as his own private and particular friend — his soul's sistor — whom bo could lovo without fear and worship without stint, whilo being also to her tho spiritual Prometheus whom "sbo in hor turn would lovo and worship. Liko all the world ho. know that sho and Cyril Ponsonby had been - engaged ;. and, . also ' like ail tho world, ho could sco for-- .himsolf how much sho had suffered through tho, cancelling of that engagement— tbo reason boing as patent oa tho fact. :And this littlo "drama, wherein tho girl had playod so sad and so Bwoot a part) - filled him with the most intense desire to make up for tho loss of hor lover by the gift iff a spiritual brother — a handsome, strong and muscular young Promethoua who wonH mako "her soul and comfort her- heart. Acting, then, with this intention over in view, Valentine soon mado himself conspicuous by tho exclusive devotion which ho paid to Strila Brans combo when they mot in public, which was often, and by the hetidlong manner in which ho con ducted his spiritual husbandry. He had ingra tiated himself to a marvellous extent with Mr. Branscombo, who professed .to find. in him tho Ideal Youth— Adonis.in boating flannels and An- tinous in .cricket costume. Just such another as ho himself had beon at tbo samo age, ho used to say when discussing tho yonng hrir to tho Cowloy ostatos— handsome, well-born, strong and "intel lectual, all itt. ono— an athlete," a' poet, and a .modern' English gentleman complete. Tes; Mr. .Valentine Cowley was just snch another as he Jiimsolf had beon; and as ho would havo". desired .his son should have .been had fortune boon kind, enough to present him with-an heir.- .And,..feel- " 1 -' . ... _ r 1 ing for the young fellow as ho did, ho enconragod him to come to Beira-hill as often as ho wishod,t though, strangely enough, when ho did como ho was for the most put relegated to tho core of Strila unassisted, whose soul bo might, tnakei without interruption, while Mr. Branaoomho dovotod himsolf to Hortonsia or hia music; as things might chanco. "Whon it was to his muso tho poor grub had a bad time of it ; for, with a mind fixed 'on that spiritual husbandman' who to him was nothing moro nor loss than a poacher, Eandolph was not quite up to his nsnal mark of moohanical accuracy; and Prosporo's riogant forulo was both sharp and heavy. - j \- Qigbwood began to talk ; as of course was id bo oxpoctod, and to laugh- in ita witless sIcoyo at that wcak-hackod theory of maidoa constancy and broken hearts. Stolla Brans combo had mado , fuss enongh about hor dis appointment, they said, moaning that hag health had run down and that hor facet had grown palo and thin; hut now thoy a!( wagered— somo of them thoir. hoods and others sixponcos — she would pnli up again and -be quite horsolf before another month- was out 1 - Ono nail would drivo out anothor in tho approved way tested by conturics, thoy Bald, with tho cruel snoor of poqplo who speak at random, applying general principlos liko quack blisters, without stopping to inquire into symptoioB-or to soarcU into causes. ... I This littio sop of gossip camo at a timo.ofl doarth in " duobs," and tho affair between Cyril's- lost' lovo and Gip's favorite chum bogan to bt discussed ns a forogono conclusion and evident arrangemont according to tho way of poopio who aro on low diet in tho matter of their noighhorsl doings. Tbo only gossipers who scouted tbo ideal of any gravo meaning in all this attention .worot . tho Doves, and thoy maintained that thoro was not moro, in it than thero was in tho ! man in tha moon. Val thought no moro of Stella Brans-j combo than ho did of any othor good-lookingj girl— only sho was not so good-looking after nllJ and had gano off no end "of late I ' Sho was fairly nice to talk to, and hot snch a stupid as to think ovory inan."gono" who spoko to hor ; and o( courso Val likod to talk to hor. , But thoro was no more in it than this. . - AU this they snid in public in tho loudest and clearest voices, and with - tho wildest cascades of laughter ; but in private, botwdtn thomsolvesj thoy. struck another noto, and declined the useless tronblo of trying to dccoive each othorj /During this timo of hor playfellow's aecCsston'.Gip had enongh to do to hold up her head, square hea shoulders ajid' mako boliovo not to mind, as n bravo girl should. " "Sho bad also onough to do to refrain from girding at Val for his .inconstancy; and twitting Stolla for her slyness. But sbo did. Sho had a certain amount of maidenly prido, foz aU hof wildness, and Bho carried her- fox- liko a Spartan — Pip- alone knowing what she hod hot neath her clonk. '- Eandolph Mackcnzio on his sido was made miserablo by this sontimOntal fancy of Vol's. Tho guard which had hitherto been provisional bocamo now a fact and nn anxious cbargo. Had Stella beon Cyril's portablo and saioabin property, given unto his safe keeping till caUod for, and had Valontino Cowley boon a burglar with akolo- ton koys and a dark lantern, Eandolph could not havo been moro constant in -his attendance ; moro vigilant in his character of provontivo of-' ficdr and private dotoctivo ; moro. watchful against dangerous chancosand advantages, gained hy boldness on tho ono sido and granted by nogli- gonee on tho othor. Under tho pressure of tha momont tho young follow developed a koonness ol porcoption and craftiness of policy really worths of Mnchiavolli himself. Ho was nbiqaitous too ; so that botwocn thotwo Stollawaswoll providod with cavaliers, and sho at loast hnd no reason 'to complain, aa Georgio Fonnofathor said, with two ' burning chocks and flashing oyos, and' a jorky littlo angry toss of Bor curly head. AE of which manifestations of fooling struck Stella as odd, to say "tho least of it, "and such as sha could not quito understand. . , , Noithor could sho understand how it was thai sho and hor fatlior wcro so almost entirely sopa-j rated of Into. From having kept hor so dose a prisoner in tho studio, and so continually at work as ho had -dono in tho first months after hoe dear mother's death, ho had now not oniyj censed to desire hor prcsonce, bnt bo even, socmod activoly annoyod when she entered! tho Templo of tho Muses— unless sho brought' Hortonsia Lyon . in her band. .Ho .and his grub scorned to got an together - in porfoot harmony ; . and ovor . sinco Mr. Brans-, combo had wrltten a littlo pouq called ' My, Caliban, and Eandolph had not seemed to see tha porsonal application; Prospero' had forgiven thai mooncalf, -having worked off his ill-humor against, him according to the method of poots in goneratj And as, further," tho little devotoo'anppliod the stimulus of flattery and applause wanting to thel poet, tha mechanical perfection of Caliban was all that ho desired. Thns Stella was ono too many in the Templo, savo in hor quality as tho assigned! causo for.Horlcnsia's daily prcsonoo ; and MrJ Branscombo was not sorry when Valontino CowJ loy camo to tho front as a possiblo future aspi rant and present lightenor of so much doad-J weight of duty. The education of Hortonsia, Lyon's extremely interesting mind! and sympa thetic nature was, according to him, tho workf given him by Divino Proridonco at this momont j and, as a dovout bclicvqr in direction, ho dovotod! himsolf with zeal to the task assignod him. - - Hdpod, then, by her father, Valentine Cowloy! was for ovor with Stella." In riding ho was on onoj . sido of her if Randolph was on tho other. In skat- ing sbo somohow found hersolf ever betwoien tbessj two, each as careful of hor as if she had boon al costly piece of Salviati glass insnfiSciohtly packbd.l In tho ovening Val danced twice with hor. fon once with any ono olso ; and whon she sat tint or played for tho rest ho gonorally found' himsolfl sitting too, turning ovor tho pages of tho-musioj book at the wrong places/or discoursing in modorn| terms on tho supromo bounty of quietness and tho! supremo oioquenco of" silence. Yot go where bo' would, and do what ho wonld, the lumb'oridg form:' of Eandolph Mackeuzio ever ohtrndod itself like a huge iceberg betweon.him and the.Bun, cooling his blood by tho vory forco of propinquity, ondj- making him moro angry than ho dorod to confoss! or could wholly concoaL All tho same, people talked ; and tho "duok " flow -up to tho Laurels, and Mrs. Morshcad, as all snch ducks always did. ; .. ! . '. . ' 