?I jfofcejfaifc |§|-ARTNEB&; xfijS^ A TRUE STORY. .' . !§pfQBY A^QOXJNTRY ATTORNEY.; ?.(.-;;-;?. h ? ? » ' ,:' '\ * CHAPTER VIII. ' , ' When Mr. Parohmpnt loft Slooum he had ,not entirely severed his oonneotion with the , 'distnot; and a fow days previously to the proposal of marnage made by Mr. Hooky, bo had returned for some temporary purpose of hia own. When he had been in business at Slooum ho had boon the legal adviser of Mrs. Hardgrove ; and therefore it was only natural ' that she should employ him to arrange - the neoeesary preliminary sottlomont before making tho leap in the dark whioh a matri- - monial venture usually is. Aooordingly, ho called upon Sir. Hooky, and that gentle-; man'reooived him with the lofty oourteav whioh wad his distinguishing oharaoteristib.' 'lam happy to bs informed,' observed; Mr. Parohmont,. after some preliminary oon vorsoition, ' that this is purely a lovo matoh.' ! ' Oh, oortainly,' hastily intorposod Mr.' Hopiy, ' one of those spontaneous develop-1 ffiontB of tho tender passion of which poots; dream 3 and whioh only niiddlo agodrnon who have searohed vainly, during a barrsniQvo nnd forty weary yoara of loveless oxistonoo, for v. ' Bympivthy, can fully appreciate.' 'Just so,' said Mr.' J?arohmont, 'theBo 1 noblo sontimonta do you infinite honour, Mr. Hooky; allow mo to grasp 'yojir hand and eongratulato you upon having nobly won a woman who, in Bpito of her povorty, is aliko Worthy of Silas Hooky Esquire and worthy of the elevated sontimonts of whioh, lio is such a ohoico oxponont.' * 'Poverty ! Mr. Parchmont, I don't oxaotly, understand.' ' ''Nay, nay, affect not ignorarioo of thnt| whioh must bo known to' you in common, with all thoso who aro privileged abovo the common herd 'in being admitted to tho intimaoy of tho fair widow of Pine Villa.' : 'Upon my soul, Mr. Parohmont, you aro epoakingi. in enigmas, 'will you bo good enough to explain ?' 'Well, well, a8 you porsist in your assumed ignoranoe, I will bogin at tho beginning. You must know, then, that when old Hordgrovo died ho made a will. But, hero— I have the draft with mo, it will: explain all.'' gilaa Hooky road tho draft will, and then said : ' Mr. Parohment, this is roally most ex traordinary.' 'The very' words I 'used to the late; lamented Hardgrow,' remarked Mr. Paroh -mont. . 1 ' The infernal old aooundrol 1' . said Mr.* Hooky. ' ' The infamous oldhoary .headed assassin,'1 said Mr. Parohment. 'Then she will bo absolutely penniless,' said Hooky. * ? ' '* Absolutely,!' said Parohmont. 'But sho must have saved something from hor inoome,' continued Hooky. 'It was all invested in tho HnppyGo Iiuoky Bank,' returned Parohmont. 'And that institution has smashed,' mused Hooky. ' Smashed,' assented Parohment. _ 'Mr. Piirohmont,' said Hooky in tones of tho saddest melanoholy, 'my belief in human nature is shattered^ Human por footibility is a basoloss dream. I feel that tho poetry of existonoe is a thing of the, , past, and that selfishness and ogotistn . havo '? » - taken the plaoe of that tondor consideration for others, whioh it is my oonsolation to think that I, at least, have kept evor freah and unsulliod. My mind is made up. I will saorifioe myself on tho.altar of duty. If I were to marry Mrs. Hardgrove, and then, to die, I would never forgive mysolf . What would beoome of hor under these oiroum Btanoes? I shudder to think of it. No,' continued the eloquent Hooky, as ho warmed to_ the subject, 'I will nfivor oonsent to injure tho woman I lovo by asking her to share my poverty. Sho ia froo— free as tho- air! ToUTjor that Silas Hooky, Esquiro, while his heart is breaking; yet rooognisos ?the imperative oalla of that unwritten oode of :????? honour whioh rewards this . sacrifice. jToll , her,' he oontinued in broken aooonts, ' that Silas Hooky Esquiro will not stand in the way of her marrying some ono who shall be worthy of her ; somo one who may give her the wealth whioh hs has not to offer; but who oannot bestow upon her the wealth of affection which honooforth will bo buried in this blighted heart,'? and Mr. Hooky struok that part of his anatomy which is supposod to .oovoi? the organ of tho affections. Mr.. Parohmont was deeply moved by suoh solf iibnogation on tho part of Hooky. Ho could hardly find words to express his sense of the estimation in whioh he held that gentleman, and, in taking his leave, his agitation was apparent in tho faot that he had to cough several times to keep down the \- ,. lump in his throat. However, he seemed to ' reoover himself very quickly, and, by the .t; , time hohad gained tho street, his face bore more indication of langhtor than of tears. . Aa for Mr. Hooky, ho congratulated himBelf npon the ability and address with whioh. he had rotired from a somewhat diffloult .position. Upon leaving Mr. Hooky's offioe, Mr. Parohmont returned to Pino Villa, and re ported tho result of his interview with that oonBoientious gontleman. ' And.so, after nil his protestations, he ? . refuses to marry mo F' said Mrs. Hardgrove. ' Well, he did not absolutely refuao ; but ho said that you wore f roe, whioh is tanta mount to tho samo thing.' ||, ? ? ' ' Thq^ faithless man 1 Aftor oxhaustlng the language of lovo in protestation of his affeotion, and nearly killing my poor oat, ho now withdraws ; but I will bo, at loast, * '? avenged. Mr. Hooky shall not trifle with . ? my -affections with impunity ; and Mr. Walker shall be my advisor. I shall sue ..' . him forbreaoh of promise— damages £2000.' ' Tho quostion is,' observed Mr. Paroh , ment, smiling, as he, helpod himsolf to another lump of sugar, ' how much damage ? have you sustained F' ' Xos, trno, lot mo boo,' musod'tho widow, 'ono afternoon wustod iu. listening to his depuration — that is so muoh to tho debit; but against that I muBt simply pluoo tho value of tho amusement the interviow afforded mo — and then, I think,' I will roally remain, on this count, Mr, Hooky's debtor.' ' Toui,o^'ainIy,Jb'aririot proyo , liquidated damages ^sre.^saia, Mr.'.Parbhment..; ? ' ;- '.' No,* clearly. n;oti':thonl must, fall bapfc upon tho ; dainago '3ono to ' my o^t,' ' and at tho remihlaopnoes.induoBd by tho mention of that unfortunate animal, the two oonspira tors, for siioli thoy unddiibtedly'wero.'lauKhed heartily. : ' ' -y ?-?.?;.???????-? °: ,-,..; , '. \\.. CHAPTER IX. .';?.;??:!- Tub morning after the events rolated in the laBt ohaptor was a very important ; one for Mr. Walker; as the post'broughli tho intelligence of tho doath of hia unolo, to whoBO bounty, he was indebted for His annuity; and, ho thus learnt, that ho was tho owner of several' extensive oattlo stations in' Queensland, and 120,000 sheep in Biverlna. Just as he was finishing tho perusal of .this letter, Mr. Hooky stepped in, and he 'was about to inform that gentleman of his good fortune, when the latter opened tho conver sation by relating his interview with -Mr. Parohmont. 'Jim's feelings at this reoital wore of a very mixod nature, indeed; but, suoh as they were, thoy led him to make up his mind to say nothing at all about his succession to his, unolo' s property. His foelings with rogard to Hoo^r wore thoBo of mixod envy and oontompt. If Hooky was to bo boliovod, Mrs. Hardgrovo was in love with that ostute gentloman 5 and Jim's hoart was bursting with envy, whilo ho had' groat difficulty in resisting his inclination to kick tho Bolf- oomplaoon't narrator, as he proooodod to unfold the position' of- nffairo in his own peouliar stylo. The conduct of Hooky ho considorod in tho last 'degree oon* tomptiblo. ''Tho will, as oxplainod by Hooky, ?was .simply, infamous. ? Tho prinoipal f eaturo of it wbb, that within throe years from tho death of tho tostator, his widow wbb to marry a man worth £40,000, and of an ago at least oqual- to that which tho tostator would havo reached had ho lived until tbfi date mon- 1 tioned ; failing which the whole of the pro perty was to bo rssied in trustees for the bonefitcf ine Kiirk, and for the propagation, of tho Gospel among the Sandwion Islanders. Suoh. a monstrous will Jim had never hoard of in his life ; andbo waa burning with indig nation as he took up his pen to write a lottor to Mrs. Hardgrove, asking her to marry him right off, explaining that he knew hor posi tion nnd that he was now a wealthy man and an infinite number of other things whioh flqshed through his brain, warmed his imagination, and tinged with eoultur do rose his future. But he did not go very far in his epistolary adventure before he stopped, rubbed the bridge of his noae thoughtfully with the handle of his pen, and said to him self— ' H— m !' rubbed tho light side of his rioso, and then, with an air of profound con viotion said — 'Ohl' toro the letter into a thousand pieoes and walked out. Ho wont straight to Pine Villa where he found Mrs. Hardgrovo working in the gardon with » large straw hat on and looking more charming than over. 'Mrs Hardgrbve, T have oomo to say good-bye.' ' : 'You surprise me Mr. Walker' — and tho voice seemed a little tremulous— ' but why. ihould I be surprised, aa I am going to leave the dear old place mysolf.' 'I havo hoard of your misfortunos, Mrs.. Hardgrove, and I can only say if I oan be of iny service to you in any way, you have only to command me.' */? . Mrs. Hardgrovo wishing to turn tho obn rcrsation, said: 'We,' then oorreoting her 3olf, ' I was going to say we shall miss you rery mupb — but I mean tho sooioty of Slooum will — will miss you,' and tho widow vory aoarly broke down. , . ' ' The sooioty of Slooum would'nt miss me,'; mid Jim, in desperation, ' if I had as muoh, inducement to stay as Mr. Hooky has ? ' ; 'What induoement do you moan?' in juired the lady, blushing, in Bpite of her self. , ' I mean the rogard of one whom he has oof tho sense to appreoiate, or the soul to be worthy of.' 'I will not affeot to misunderstand yon, Mr. Walker, but you must surely have a low opinion of me if you think I over boBtqwod a thought upon Mr. Hooky. I , confess, that before I knew that I was utterly ruined, by thereoentbankfailuro,.I allowed myself to play with tho sensitive and tender nature of ;hat dolightf ul oroature, knowing that I was perfectly safo from hia attontiona so Boon as ie was'informod of my position.' 'It was a dangorous game to Iplay, Mrs.' Hardgrove.' ' But I know tho man too well to be at all darmed. I oonfess it was an imprudont thing ;o do — perhapa unwomanly; but I was« Irawn into it by the comioal surroundings of ;ho position ; and, indeed, I had need to soieo ivery opportunity of forgetting my unhappy ot.' * . She was nervously tearing arose topieooa ; oaf by leaf it. wus falling at hor feet, and it leomodtts if she were throwing away, some ;endor reoolleotion with each bloom. i_'Aro youthen so vory unhappy?' said Tim looking into, her oyos, whilo he caught me of her hands in both of his. No reply md but a faint attempt to draw hor hand iway. 'Mrs.. Hardgrove,' said Jim in a low rbioo, ' you know,' hotter than I oan tell you, vhat my feelings are. Before I dared to lope that I might over oven touoh your hand . folt attracted towards yon. It was not ovo,_f or then such a feeling was impossible ; jutit was a fasoination. I oould no moro janish your imago from my hoart than I lould stop its pulses from beating— as thoy lo now— when I was oonaoioua of your pre lonoo. For months I lived a hopoloss fife, ind ooncoalod from overy ourious eye tho ?asaion whioh was consuming mo. But from rou I oould not hide my hoart, and Isomo imos dreamed that you woro not displeased it my presumption. When you oallod at my jffloo, after that unfortunate letter, youfound no plunged in the deepest abyss of misery md solf-abasomont. I never , oould forgive nysolf, but you forgavo mo without asking. [ thought, I fanoied, Borne subtle , instinct seemed to whisper that I was not altogether indifferent to .you; and thon the feolings of C know not what, wbioh was mixed of love, ind fasoination,1 and despair, seemed at once to take possession of mo. I folt that I was not worthy of you. It was not so muoh your wealth, but tho consciousness that I had played an unworthy part. That my llf 0 wns 1 living lio, weighed upon my. hoart. Tho taliBmau-of lovo had Bhowod mo my position in nil its deformity, and how oould I, sailing as I was, under f also colours, daro to pretend to tho hand of a lady such as you without laying myself open to tho suspicion of marry ing her for hor money.' 'And whon Mr. Hooky enlightened you as to my .poverty,' said Mrs. Hardgrovo, as she made anothor feoblo attempt to releaso herhnnd, 'you oamo to say good-bye.' ' I oame to know my fate, Mrs. Hard grove' f to know if you loved Mr. Hooky as ho led me to believe.' Mrs. Hardgrovo at this point snatohed away hor h&hd;, and mado a little feminine gosturo expressive' of disdain. . .. , ., . ' , , 'Don't insult mo, please, Mr. Walker; don't mention tho namo of Hooky coupled with mino, unloss ,you wish. me. to leave you; It was as muoh, to punish, you for, having allowed yoursolf to bo_ led by suoh a man; that I gave him permission to bostow npon mo his JoutuBoino addrossoB. I hate nnd dospiso him so muoh that I fool as if I oould almost llato you for bohig his partnpr.' ' I am not roally hia partner,' said Walker in explanation; 'wo were only working together to got at the foolish public But I need hot tell you I am ,hqarti;y oahamod of 'oven that pleoo of dialngonuona- - uobs.':\; . ,'? ;' '?''::.?'? ..????? .-. ' '' ' ' '' And how long is it sinoo your oonsblonpe ; bogan to trouble youf' sold the lady, smiling. ' '??? 'Sihoo I felt 'that I really loved,ybu, ond might hope for a return.' ' 1 , '.' And when was that P' : ; «'Whon I; fanoied that this little hand,' said Jim, again making prisoner the hand in , question ; ' whon I fanoied that, this little : hand roturnod the proaauro of my own.' : '? 'Then you lovod mo slnoo yesterday mornlngP', : ' I hop'od slnoe yoBtorday morning'.' V And you loved mo sinoo when t' . ' 'Slnoe the beginning of creation,'-' said Jim, impulsively, 'fbr I believe wo wire formed for oaoh other.' ' ' , By that timo they wore seated on a rufltio form, Under the shade of an oriental plane, . and for some moments there was oomploto' 'sUenae as the lovers looked out over, the! divorsifiod prospoot of green pasture and wooded slope. Pino Villa was situated about ' two miles out of Slooum, upon a Blight pie-'; yation, whioh. gave a charming pro8peot,pfi wood and wold. , The smoke of the Slooum hoarthB oould bo seen stealing into the air over tho tops of tho trofs, whilo tho reoutn bent forms of sheep and oattle were ; diminished by the perapootivo into' blotohes of oolour. Neithor spoka. Jim had poured out his whole heart in a torrent of words, of whioh ho hardly know the meaning, and waited for a responao. Ho watohed the ox- ' prossivo faoo of his companion, as a variety of emotions seemed to strivo with. oaoh. other for the mastery. Of what , waa she thinking while- Bhe. looked out into the- distanoe with those sad, steadfast; eyes ? what memories wero rising, like tho ghosts of a dead past, of thoso years of love loss asUtsocs rrifh that hard^ old maoj'.of hor warm affeotlons orushea and blighted by ber hopeloBs lif e P of tho now vista of ppssi- i bilities oponing beforo her in the lovo of a man who was worthy to bo onakrinod in the innermost heart of a trno woman ?? :; What ever woro hor thoughts they woro tinged with sadness j and Her oyos filled with the tears whioh she oould not suppress. Jim: was moved with a sympathetic feeling aa ho drew hor to his hoart ; and ho was assured of his answer, for sho smilod through hor. tears when he kissedher,as a mute soal of their compact. We shall now loavo the two lovers to talk over matters moro interesting to1 thomBolvos than to anybody elso whilo wo enlighten our readers as to somo other things whioh havo had a considerable bearing on this history. . ? ? I Jim, like ' most other people had a father and' mother; but, unlike, the goner-j ality of men, he had also a half-sister, about throe years youngor than himself. Hia mother died when he was an infant; and hia father married the lady who took oharge of the motherless boy, and who bestowed as muoh love upon him as sho lavished upon her own ohild. This is not tho usual way of stepmothers; but, tho second Mta. Walker was a kind woman, and she had a heart big enough for both of her children, as she very properly. oalled them. The unolo, old Jook hlaoPhoraon, as ho was familiarly oalled, was Ms mother's brothor. To thiB eooentrip old baohelor Jim was indebted for his annuity,' whioh wns, at first, only £100 ; but when MaoFherson heard, accidentally, that Jim gave up £76 of this amount' tp his step mother and Bister, to help them to keop bouse with tbeir own. small income, ho mado Jim an allowance of £200 a year and gave a like annuity to his stepmother. It is aa well to mention theso littlo traits about old Jook ; for he prided himself upon boing the meanest man in Australia, and ho would baok himself to travol from the Gulf of Carpentaria to Melbourne oheapor than any man in the ooloniea. . ? ' Now, nlthongu Jim was a very kind hearted follow, and so good to hia half-sister and stepmother, ho was, liko.most young men, a vory bad correspondent. Sinoo leav ing Melbourne ho had' only written once to his' sister Mary, and the amount of informa tion sho had derivod from that epistlo was of tho smallest. But Mary Walkor had a good correspondent in Mrs. Hardgrovo, who had been an old sohoolmate of hers ; and, as is the wont of women, thoy wrote each other most religiously every week long letters containing all sorts of feminine information, and,' possibly, some little feminine soandal. It was a souroe of pure and unalloyed enjoymont to these two unregonerate women to '.tnink that they , had a sooret, and that tho'iporot had something to do with a man. That Jim was porfootly unobnsoious of being the subjeot of a fominino plot added a zest to their secret understanding whioh was simply delicious. Wo must now return to tho lovers, whom wo havo left long enough alone to get over their first raptures nnd ..to settle down, to an interesting oonvorsatlonEin whioh dehghtf ul plans of love in a oottago . appeared the aomo of terrestrial bliss. ; ,; 'My dear Nolly,' said Jim, as the lovers; rose to stroll through the garden, armin arm, 'yqu have made me the happiest man in the world, and tho only thing that pnezlos mo is how it has all come about.' ' . . Mrs. Hardgrovo' looked up with an aroh. smile, nnd said : 'Havo you, then, so littlo confidence in your own merits as to be troubled with doubts on the siibjoot ??'.' ' I havo no doubt that I adore you, my darling; but I oanlt imagine what you can seo in mo to mako it worth your while to say you lovo me.' 'Aro you not a kind-hearted, honest, good-looking, unselfish dear boy,- that I have known for the last — let me think — ' , . ' Twonty-four hours,' suggested Jim, aa. he squeozed her hand. ' No,' laughed ths widow, joyously, whilo a plight blush Bu&usod; hor oheok at Jim's evidently increasing boldness. ' Well,' thought Jim, ' I havo only been In Slooum for six months, and it oan't be more than that.' '? Six months, my lovo 1' ho hazarded. _'No; guoss again,' said hiB oompanion, with a smile whioh made Jim's heart boat at high prooBure. ' I givo it np,' sighed Jim ; ' but havo oompassion on my ignoranoe, and don't koop mo longor in suspense.' ' Two years,' said tho widow. ' Two years I' eohood Jim. ' Why, you must be a witoh,' ho remarked in tones of affected horror, whilo ho made a motion as if ho woro about to fly from her ; but whioh, by a dexterous flank movoment, he obanged into enciroling her waist witffhis right arm; ' And who was your wrotohod informant, my love P' .' A young lady.' ' Alas I the mystery is thiokoning. I am a doomed man,'.' groaned Jim, as his eyes sparkled, with a mixture of mystifioation and delight. ' And hor name — what is hor unfortunate name P' ?_' Polly Walker,'1 said tho widow demurely, while a lurking smile made her beautiful eyes brightert han ovor. ' What !' oriod Jim, eagorly ; ' dear old Polly, my sister; I didn't know that you knew her.' ' Wo were sohoolmatea, and havo boon in oonatant .oorrospondenoo ever sinoo. we loft school. About six months sinoo, I sont her a sweetheart from, Slooum, and sho, returned the compliment by drawing suoh vivid pio turoa of your mental and mural perf options that I mad,o up my mind that you woro alto gothor too good for.mo, and I deterininod to leayo you severely aluno.' ? 'Whioh you aooordujgly did,' intorjeotea . : ?' ' 1 : ' 1 '' ' ' ' ' ;' ' ' ' 'Which I aooordingly did,' said1 the! widow, 'until—' : . . . ;./ , : 'UhUlwhatP' ???: ?.??'.; -'f-: ;; 'Until I oould see that you were' going; to break your heart about it.' , . .1 'And then you took compassion on me.' j ' Those two misguided peoplo were looking' at oaoh other as if they were tho sole o6bu pants of, the tTniverso. Tha garden in whioh they were loitering wot their Eden. ''Hero was no forbidden fruit and no sorpont tempting. to unknown .delights. They loved oaoh other nnd that to thorn l waa ' bliss enough; but thoir love was pure, and tlngod with a ohivalrous rogard for everything that was best and holiost in woman on his part ; while she oredited her lovor with all the manly virtuos of a Bayard, ' ian$ ptur et latu rtproche.' Their interesting Uit -& tile was interrupted by a light step on the gravel, and a diaoreet oough. whioh heralded tho appoaranoo of a. young lady who tried to look Tory unoonsoioua'na the lov'org aooom panled her baok to the house. . * ' Jind-so^i Polly/'sald' ffim to hia sister, ' you and,Ne)ly^-I mean Mrs. Hardgrovo— have been engaged in a oonspiraoy.' ' 'Oil I -don't be bashful, Jim,' laughed his sister; 'oall her Nelly; I always oall her Nelly ; she likes it. As for tho oonspiraoy I obnfesa my share of it; but I hope you won't feel very muoh ; annoyed ' about it. Poor boy 1' she oontinued, in a tono of assumed melanoholy, ' it has oost you 'your heart ; and you oould ill spore that, for it is about allyouhavatoboBtow.' ' ' . 'To punish you two oonspirators,' ; said' ?Tim, severoly, 'I shall keep from you a most profound sooret until— well, until this young woman here ohanges her namo from Mrs. Hardgrovo to Mrs. Walkor.' ? 'And I,' said Mrs. Hardgrove, with an egmjiiiffsuroption of gravity, ' to punish you for attempting to pu'^rV- cs/'wili 'loc' you remain, for three weoks, in profound ignor anoe of a' oiroumstanoo whioh is of very great importance to us both.' ? - * ? '?? In three weeks we are to be married,' said Jim. What the wdow said, In reply, was loat in the noise of shutting tho door as thoy entered the house ; but possibly tho maroh of events will in due oourse reveal her anawor. - 'i (To be continued.) ' ' '-f^ 