The Advertiser FRIDAY, JULY 1, 1881. The parting on Wednesday evening between Mr. Commissioner Hamilton and the police force, with which he has been connected for nearly thirty years, deserves more than a passiEg notice. As our readers aie aware, Mr. Hamilton recently obtained twelve months' leave of absence, stating at tLcfame time his intention to resign his com* lEKuti of the force altogether at the end of that period. Meanwhile Mr, Peterswald, ?who has been many years in the public fctrvice, and during most of the time has held a commission in the police, will be, as Le ie liow Acting-Commissioner. The Itftve-taking to which we have referred was specially interesting, as it was associated with the most expressive manifestations of kindly feeling between the officers and men of the constabulary and their late commander, and called forth recollections of the early days of the colony and tie history of the South Australian police daring a period extending ovor a couple of generations. The address and the beautiful casket enclosing it presented to Mr. Hamilton by those who have co long served under him will doubtless be cherished by him as an invaluable souvenir, ever re calling many years of useful life, and afford ing lasting proof of the place he holds in the esteem of those who regarded him as a wise and considerate officer and a real friend. The hope that be may be spared many years to enjoy these pleasant recol lections and in a quiet way render service to bis adopted country will be echoed by the colonists generally. It may eafely be assumed that no officer can to such a degree win the re- Gpect and affection of those under him without being judicious and capable ?s wall as kind and careful of their feeling* and welfare. An officer who knows his duty and what is due to himself and those over him, as well as those under his command, who exact? implicit obedience, and real though not exaggerated discipline, may ex cite temporary enmities or passing'feelings of anger; but if he be not unreasonable, harsh, or what is worse offensive in manner, and especially if his real goodness of dispo sition is known, he will establish the most enduring hold upon the liking of his subordinate officers and men, because that liking is partly or principally founded npon respect, It is the weak official who makes enemies, because unstable, vacillating, and liable to yield to personal influences, he cannot avoid doing injustice and displaying favoritism; and of those who serve under him the most zealous and intelligent will necessarily be most certain to become discontented and exasperated. Mr. Hamilton's statement that he appealed to the love of his men instead of to their fear, and found that the best plan, is quite consistent with what is required in on efficient officer, and with that discipline which is far removed from the absurdities and the exactions of the martinet. It is not surprising that Mr. Hamilton felt somewhat affected when parting from a force he had served with for nearly half a long lifetime, and that he felt some diffi culty in delivering those judicious, thought ful, and admirable observations of which in our leport of the proceedings at the drill fibed we have given an abstract. He referred to the disorganised state of the force when he joined it twenty-nine years ago, and to the state of discipline in which he leaves it. There may be many old colonists who will regard this portion of the Commis sioner's remarks as reflecting npon officers of the force who prior to the advent of Major Warburton and Mr. Hamilton did good service to the courtly. Discipline is certainly most es?eiitial in any force, but it is not everything. In reply to a preposterous question once put in the House of Assembly Mr. Hamilton gravely reported to the Government that "the duties of the detective force are the detection of crime," and be was accused by the indignant querist of flippancy. Careless of drawing such a serious imputation upon ourselves we will express an opinion that the chief duty of a police force is to catch thieves and other offenders; and the Adelaide police have never fulfilled this duty better than during tha first fifteen years of the colony's existence. Since then the force has passed through various phases. At one time it was very much like a mere imita tion of a military body, and its real objects seemed to be lost sight o! in the desire for drill, parade and show. We have long since changed all that Fifteen years ago the Thunderbolt scare put the'people of Adelaide out of all conceit of the police. For months three very young men of very animposmg proportions kept house holders and persons obliged to move about at night time in a constant state of alarm. This trio, armed with revolvers, broke into houses and robbed them, maltreated and terrified women, stopped pedestrians aad eased them of their valuables and spare each, and fixed upon those who tried to escape or resisted, wounding several and permanently maiming one. All this time the police seemed perfectly powerless to stop the evil, till at last the three scoundrels who ? had caused so much uneasiness were by some accident cap tured and convicted. Tiien came a Police Commission; and since that time the force has gone on improving, and if not perfect, fairly justifies the pride Mr. Hamilton and Acting-Gommissioner Peters* wald take in it When old colonists look back to the days of Tolmer and Alford, and the smart cap tures made by those and other plucky and able officers, and some of the good men under them, it is only fair to remember that the impression now made upon the public mind by a clever arrest or the sldlf al detection of a crime is necessarily some what ephemeral, whereas in the good old times the colonists had little else to talk or think about. In sheeting home to the guilty parties come of the worst murders that have been committed in South Aus tralia ; in captures of criminals in the far bush, after hundreds of miles hard riding; in taking burglars and other felons in and about the city and suburbs, our police have exhibited zegl, determina tion, and intelligence that merit warm approbation. It should not be forgotten too that they are often maimed and inj ured, and only recently a constable lost his life in the discharge of bis duty. Mr. Hamilton, in addressing his men, spoke of the abuse and ridicule heaped upon the police. This is sow hardly true in South Australia except with regard to larrikins and the scum of the community. Of course one can laugh at a cartoon at the expense of the police or of any other functionaries, and it is not alone among the gods that stage joke 3 of which the bluebottles are the sub jects excite laughter; but these plea santries mean little or nothing. People look at Punch or go to the Theatre for amusement, and ere equally ready to be merry whether about doctors, lawyers, or policemen. There are doubtless querulous complaints against the constables just as there are against every class of officials and every institution in the State; and being human and therefore fallible, the police sometimes lay themselves fairly open to adverse criticism. Their wisest part is to profit by unfavorable comment that is deserved, and bear unjust strictures as other public servants do, meanwhile so con ducting themselves as to show that they are undeserved. Thoughtful men will agree with Mr. Hamilton that moral and physical qualities of a very high order are necessary to make a good reliable policeman; and it would be difficult to over-estimate the obligations under which the citizens are to the conservators of law and order—to calculate to how great an extent security of life and property, the comfort and safety with which we transact our daily business, enjoy the social inter course of life, and travel, or simply more about our own neighborhoods, are due to an efficient police force. In commenting a few days ago on the con dition of the Fijians under British rule we dealt principally with the question of abase of power by the chiefs, and the unreasonable exactions made bj them upon the people. We propose now to direct attention to an institution peculiar to the Crown colony of Fiji, and known as the Bose or Veibose. It ie composed of the principal chiefs, the Rokoe, the satire magistrates, and others who bring with them a train of followers, fpaititig an aggregate number of about a thousand persons. The Base may be re garded as a kind of nondescript parlia ment without legislative powers. To an mind its character might best be conveyed as a compa?ni of parliament, board of advice, aai country fair. It does not precise!/ cor respond with any of these, but possessed some of the characteristics of each. Then are twenty-seven of these assembliejp held every year, viz., the Bose Vaka Turaga,or Great Bose, and two smaller .Boaes, in each of the thirteen provinces into which Fiji is divided. The Great Base is opened by the Governor in person, and the Com missioner for Native Affairs, an assistant, and an English magistrate attend the sittings to watch and take note of proceed ings. It meets in November, and continues in session for a month or more. The avowed purpose of the Bose is to give the chiefs and native officials an opportunity of discussing the condition and wants of the people and of ranking re presentations to die Government Bat unfortunately it has degenerated into an occasion for the exchange of pre sents, for high feasting, and licentiousness. In consequence of the enormous attend ance and die peculiar custom of the country, which requires that the district in which the Bose is held should provide food, resi dence, and presents for the visitors, it becomes a most grievous burden upon the people of the district. Every day during the sessions of the Bose a "feast" is provided, which feast is available foe tha guests all day long, and serves them for all their meals. A Tillage or tribe will pro vide the feast on one day, another village ox tribe on another; and so on day after day, till all the people of the district hava contributed. The property of the people consists to a great extent of stores of food; and to such lengths is the feast ing at the Boses carried that these stores are frequently exhausted and the whole district impoverished. Some idea may be formed of the tax thus imposed upon the people when it is said that immediately upon the decision of one Bose being arrived at as to where the next shall be held, the people of the district are required to begin to make preparations— manufacturing mats, cloth, and ether presents, building houses, and cultivating and providing stores of food. Before tha Bose Vaka Turaga these preparations go on for ten or eleven months. Much of tha food in the district is "tabu," and it is thus unlawful for such food to be sold. It is stored for the feasts of the Bose, and the people are therefore greatly restricted in their dealings, and frequently undergo real hardships for lack of the means of barter. It is easy to understand that, in such a primitive state of society as that existing in Fiji, the financial cost of the Bose is a most serious consideration, and as the chiefs via with each other in making sumptuous pro vision for the entertainment of the guests, and it has become a matter of MnMtirm for one district not to be outdone by another, the burden falls with increasing weight upon the much-enduring people who have to provide the ways aad means. A writer on the spot, referring to arrangements already made for the Bose at Ba, to be held next November, says, "The women in tha poverty-stricken district of Yasawa are ordered to make 4,000 or 5,000 mats. Each adult male at Ba, and I suppose at Xasawa* is required to find one pig, and some of them several pigs each, besides sail mat, turtle, yams, yakoma, &c.;, &c.; It is said that they arealreadyout in the bush cutting timber, which has to be hauled down from the bills, to build houses for tha Bcce. While the people of BaandEs pro vinces are wretchedly poor and badly sup plied with food and clothes, they are obliged, under dread of pains and penalties, to collect large quantities of food aad native property, in order that their chiefs may m&ke; a grander display of mamS and eolevus than was made at Lav. The Eoko of Ba i 6 said to have boasted that Loaia. loma province shall not surpass his." The visitors on their part bring presents, which have been supplied by the people of their districts, as a kind of return or exchange for the hospitality they receive. But the best of these presents get into the hands of the chiefs and Government officials, and the generality of the people are little profited by them. Bat great asjis the financial burden of the Bose there is a still more weighty charge against it, viz., the demoralizing influence of some of tha practices which have sprung up in connec tion with it Speaking of the last Bose the Fiji Times of April 30, after having severely commented upon the refusal to admit representatives of the press, and the non-publication of the usual official notes of the business, thus proceeds—"Tfak dearest aspiration of Maafas heart was that in every particular the iau Bose should out rival that held at Bau in the previous year. In this he was so peculiarly successful that it was 'by merit raised to that bad emi nence' that has since made jt notorious even in the annals of Fijian licentiousness and debauchery. It is" asserted that drunkenness and immorality were its dia tinguislring features; that the dfdEiberative business simply served as a cloak, ?nder cover of which the people assenffiled to* gether for the purpose of indulgence jp the moet degrading vice; and that to such a pitch did the evil attain that written appli cation was made to the local chiefs by some of the better disposed for the removal of the loose women out of the town. There can be no question as to the necessity for reformation in a system that admits of such disgraceful licence." With such a picture of the excesses that have lately characterised the Boses before us, we are aot surprised that a strong and increasing feeling of dissatisfaction is mani. festing itself both among Europeans -and Fijians who have any idea of justice and sense of decency. Yet the Base in itself may be a very useful institution ; and stripped of abuses may serve a valu able end. If prudently used as a means of securing the co-operation of the chub with the Government, and of allowing the state ment of any grievance, and the discussion of measures for the interests of the colony, it might be an invaluable aid to any roler. In former days the chiefs used to meet from time to time to discuss the affairs of state; and, having no large number of followers, their visit was sot a burden to the people ; their conduct was marked by decorum; they discussed the business and returned to their homes. It is only under the festering influences of Sir Arthur Gordon's policy that the abuses above described hive fprucg up; and while it would per haps be unfair to lay the entire blame upon that policy, it is impossible to deny that it is chargeable with a very grave responsibility in the matter. Prudence and morality alike demand the instant and complete suppression of such orgies as ap pear to have taken place. And if England is not to come under the reproach of ruling over a crueUy-wronjted and impoverished people in her colony of Fiji then most also be restrictions imposed as to the number of persons attending the Bose and supported by the labor and property of the people. It ought never to be the case that the native people have to look back to the days when. they were under the rule of Cakobau and the chiefs as die time of justice and pros perity, contrasted-with the oppression and poverty of the days of British rule. Sir Arthur Gordon's policy in somethings has .. done well for Fiji, and these blots on its character should be promptly "removed. We hare received from the Treasurer'a Department the approximate statement of tiietevenneef the Government of South Australia for the year and quarter ended 30tii June, 1881. The total falls aoout £-27 000 short of the estimate presented to Paxfiament "by the Treasurer, the Hon. G. Minn, last October. The greater part of this deficiency appears under the head of Customs, which yielded nearly £20,090 Ibsb than was expected. Probate and succession duties are always uncertain, and during the financial year just concluded the re venue gained from this source between £6,000 and £7,000 lea than the estimate. Edu cation is disappointing to the extent of a trifle over £2,000. Other items show a deficiency of from £1,000 downwards. On the other hand, in some lines the tions of the Government have been well ?within the mark. Receipts from railways ?nd tramways axe nearly £6,000 above the estimate; the Waterworks are a trifle mote thin £6,000 in excess of what wbs xeckoned on from that source of revenue; licences yield more than £7,000 beyond the sum set down under that head; and fines, fees, end forfeitures are between £2,000 and £3,000 better than expectations. . The revenue altogether amounts to -' £2,010,654 108. 10d., the estimate hay . icg been £2,037,719. Considering the season we have passed through this result is eminently satisfactory, and will doubtless be appealed to as a proof that we do not neediresh taxation for revenue pur poses, however necessary it may be in \- order to adjust the incidence of taxation. Should the next harvest turn out as well as the season so far gives good reason to ?xpect ?we may confidently rely upon the deficit being completely extinguished, and that the Government will be in a better JitMnwia] position than for many years past. The following is the statement:— PaEseogers by tie John Elder, which tails fiat London to-day, are rwnhwtncl by adver- Uaeiaeut that ti?y nmt embark per steam* -launch little Orient, which leaves tie Becav ptore jetty oh the arrival of the 11.30 train 'from Adelaide ibis iimming ? The pnmaonai directors of the Large B&y; Lacd and Investment Oompaoy (limited), pro ?oeeded to allot the shares ou Thursday evening. We ace inlonned that 80,859 shares were applied ?tor. Tte allotment notices will be posted as ??ily as potable. We bare been asked by the secretary of the Forest Board to notify that Mr. Bro*a'a book on Fcieet Coltere may te had free on ?pp!icstioo s bat he desire* it to be understood ttat sufficient stamps to cover postage should ?leo be forwarded, as wwca applicants hare teglected this ceeessary point The number of births and deaths regis tered in the General Begister Office daring the ?week ended Saturday, Jane 85, was—Births, 131 mates,. 123 females ; deaths, 29 mates, 16 females; total, 254 birth*. 45 deaths; excess of trirtba, SOS. In the district of Adelaide the numbers were—Births, 35 males, 30 females; ?deaths, 16 males, 10 females; t0ta1,65 births, 26 deaths; excess of births, 39. Among the passengers by the California man is Protector Wiiliani Deuton, a geologist of fai£h repute in tbe United States, who has bees lecturing (sajs the Melbourne Argwi) with great ecesees in the principal cities of America, and is visiting Australia for the same purpose. He is cue of these scientist* whs deny that there if toy necessary conflict between religion and science, ??**^ who oonte&d; that religion ahot&ld; b.ccme scientific, and science truly religious. The new notes Issued thia day by the Sack of Sooth Australia will be different in cotacaud Etjle from tLose hitherto used, and lacetionsiy known as the * fire- grates.1' Tbe old etjle cf black printing on a white surface in place of the rariegated colors has beat reverted to, and each note bears upon its snrfase a repre tentalioa of tbe sesr bank buildings, and a head, eurrounded by a crown of vines and wheat ears, -f^tobolicslof South Australia. The notes are {Tinted by Messrs. Bradbury & 00.,0f London. Kb Boorer was tlie prospectus of the Xargs Say Investment Company issued thin state* were applied for to three times the cumber which were to be issued. The prospectus cf the Lady Alice Gold alining Company was .published on Thursday, and before n?aa the whole of the 19,000 shires had been applied for. Jlr. W. J. 8. Stacy, the broker to tbe company, ' informs us that he was positively obliged in teams of the proipectas to close the list at that ?aely hoar, or applications might hive been received fer doable the number ol share*. Mr. Rowland Rees, one of the candi- cates for the representation of the district of Yatala in the place of Mr. David Morray, who>e ?:at has recently been declared want by the Coartfor the trial o*l>isputedEetunis,aildrefsed * ixrga meeting of electors at Salisbury on Ifamacsay evening. Mr. Rees explained his views on ?? leading political subject! of tbe day, and entiaced the policy at the recently ionsed Adminitteatien in an oir^aii^nt eve^ah A vote of tbacks was accorded to him. It was mentioned at the mcetingthat Means. Oavenajh ?nd Murray both intended to content tne elec tion. A little boy named Arthur Watsos, who isengtgedmthem?ehin&*oom at the Btgitter xSBoe, whilst at work on Thursday morning had iris fingers crushed between two machine roller*. . It appears that the boy was working at a folding ? -machine, and seeing one of the ?beets deviate from ite right course, he tried with hta left hand to put it straight, but the rollers caught his fia £et* and drew them in, crashing them rather severely. Although the machine was at onoe stopped, some little fime elapsed before his fin ?crs were released, and tbe little sufferer was at found that theinjuries were not of such a serious satnre as was at first thought. It was a matter of enrprise to many per ffflu who had fieen the Bint Torrena on rftorrfay morning represented by merely a tarbia torrent, to notice in the evening a fine ebeetof water, extending as far as die eye ?ccold reach east and west of the Adelaide IMcge. TTe are informed that all bat one of ihe rfnices as tte dam hare been clo?ed, and certainly the broad stream now visible cives rise to pleasant anticipations of the enjoyment to be experienced on the river when tbe final *rrangementrthall have been made. Wa under stand the remaining slnue wHI be closed to-day The number of births registered in South Australia daring tbe month of May last was SI 2, making a total for the year up to tbe end of thatnonth of 4^32. The number of deaths was M 9, the total np to the end of- the month feting 1600. Tbe number of birthe in tbe city of Adelaide for the moath was 114, and of deaths 57 j Baking a total for the year np to the end o! Hay of 5a births and 442 deaths in the city. Tbe rate per cent, of births in the entire colony for (be month was-313, and of deaths -128. The cate percent of births in the city for the same period was-30, and of deaths-20; the mortality cf tbe city being considerably greater than that of the colony. The remains of the late Mr. Aaron Solly, who was killed in tie Adelaide railway station jard on Tuesday moruing, Jane 28. by being run over by an engine, were removed from his late residence, Hmth ternee cemetery on Thursday afternoon. In ?*dfttoti to the chief moaraeria large number tStS"*" 4 *? **? cemetery. oTat- SSi I**?^? toot of the deeeued &*££££? eollln to it. rastlngitooe. ?aesea?wn? ? T?ry?ldaerTaot of tbe ?SaSSSStfl 11** ????%???* by all who ?neKongbt into eontan with him. In consequence of the recent decision against Mr. June* Crocker, of Port Adelaide, ia the Supreme Court, a letter of sympathy signed by a Dumber of tbe leading residents of Port Adelaide is about lo be presented to him. After ?nwnfi preliminary remaxka the letter spates that the writers offer to Mr. Crocker their ainoere eympa&y; wife him in consequence of the tenons lasses reaultang to him Irom the action. " Without presuming to give an opinion on the justioe or injustice of the verdist," they desire to assure him that their confidence in him remains the same, and that they would con tinue to hold him in toe esteem with which they hare always regarded him. Matters relating to the sunken Govern scent baxge at Cape Jervii still remain t? ttatu quo. Mcesrs, Stalling & Co. have not yet done " considering their position," and the Marine Board are unable to obtain a settlement of the quetticn. No attempt hu been made to lift the barge, which is valued at £6,000, since it went down nearly nine months ago, it does aot appear that an effort will be made, and no agreement haa beeu come to a? to the settle tceiit fef the loss. At the meeting of the Marine I Board on Thursday a letter on the subject was re reived from tbe board's solicitors, which meiely intimated that the writers were " giving the matter their constant aud careful atten tion." The Supreme Court sat in Banco on Thursday. Jn Calleney v. Evan aud others, an action by one trustee against hia co-tiustees for breach of trust, judg ment was given in terms of an arrangement arrived at between the parties. Applications for new trials in tbe cases rf Banbury v. Smith and MoLaohlan v. Jeffets and another were refused. Judgment was reserved in a special case from the Insolvency Court as to the validity of a poet-nuptial settlement by P.O. Naah,an in solvent. Two articled clerks were allowed to present themselves for examination at the next law f-r* """?*""? although they had not given the usual notice. The court will sit this mom ing. The adjourned general meeting of share holders in the Adelaide and Goodwood Tramway Company was held at the office of the company, Currie-street, on Thursday morning, June 30. Shareholders were present representing 1,270 shares. The chairman reported that three acres of land south of the Goodwood Railway Station had been purchased for £625, and that the directors were about to order the iron plant for the tramway from England. A telegram would be sent home in tbe course of a week for this purpose. He stated that the Hob. J, G. Bamtsy, MLG.,had promised to introduce a Bill into t} pany to conttruot die tramline, but in new of his position as Commissioner of Public Works it was probable that; some hmH??! member would ictrosnee the Bill. A meeting of the congregation of Good wood Pieabyterian Church waa held on Monday evening, Jane 87. The Bey. D. Baton, of Obaln>et? Church, presided. A oode of rules for tbe management of the affairs of the congrega tion waa adopted. Mr.A.Hendry,oabehalfof the proriaio?al committee, read a report, and laid before the meeting a financial statement. The latter showed that the receipts since the commencement of the eaaae amounted to £150 14a. Id.; tbe expenditure, £149 ScSd.; leaving £10 Us. 10d. in tbe treasurer* hands. The present liability (including £800 mortgage debt, and £50 to be paid to the home mission fund; £29] Bs. Kd. The following members of the co?gregatiQS were chosen for managers:— Mrasrs. D. Batriok (preodoot). A. Oaodry (secretary), W. Woodaide (treasurer), W, Ful ton, D.F. Patrick, and SSmaUwood Motions were passed adopting use of organ and choiae of ah) inn book. The house committee met at the Chil dren's Hospital on Thursday, June 80, tb? Hon. Or. Campbell in the chair. The matron's report showed that the average number of in patient* during the past month had been St; present Eumber,3s; admissions. 13; disoharges, 10; one death. Attention having been direoted to the damage and annoyanoe caused bj the trespass of dogs in the hospital grounds, it waa resolved to insert a notice is the daily papers to the effect that in f ature ell animals found trespaseiDg would be destroyed. Xhe committee thankfully acknowledged the receipt of the following gifts, since the last meeting:- Sevenbtahmafowle, Mr. J. ELAngaa; parcel ot dothing. Mis. A. Campbell; a bookshelf, Mr. Caica; jam, books, and toys, Mrs .Fowler; three "tin* biscuit*, Meats A. Murray & Sons; pictures, Mrs. Wjatt ;atoo, the sum of £3 10s. from lira. Fulkr, of the Hadaworth School, being proceeds cf a sale (A work by her pupils. The stencilling above the windows in the o!d Exhibition Bvilding was begun on Thursday aftenoor, and the bniiding, which hat already been painted inside, ia vow being deooraied without. Already the change is so great that it ia more tfcao doubtful whethsr the agricul tural society will reoofcniee Ueir own property. Alibcughthe rain retarded tbe outride works <3o?icg tbe day, the flooring ?m proceeded with with unabated vigor, Mr. Hack being £4eSer mined to have tbe whole main annexe complete for the reception of Britith and foreign exhibits on Monday morning, when the Cnstoma authorities will also take possession. The arrangements for tbe coo ductenbip of the band music are not yet de finitely completed. Lieutenant Oagutoa being about to submit an offer to the executive for the Military Band. To-day the mayor and corporation will visit the building, and on Saturday it will be thrown opes to the pubiie from 2 to 5 in the afternoon free of charge. Now that the winter has set in, and the iuride of mt?care v oecesaarilr preferred to the exterior, it would be well if the present system cf orererewdicg ?aeh esuveyasee* waa some what cbeckfcd. Several complaints have reached us from gentlemen who?e foelisga of gallantry prevent their refusing to comply with frequent requests to ** ride outside to make room for a lacy," it being customary to stop a tram wnen the tuide is oneomfortably, and often illegally, full, to pick up ladies and cbildrsD, who cannut be expected to ride cratside. To leave the w&rm; interior and risk catching a cold on the knife board in order to accommodate one of ths weaker sex is a risky proceeding, while to retaiu ctee teat to tbe exoluaioa of a lady i* equally uopleazant. The authorities cannectei with thtee public carriages shou'.d give the eouducton iaetructions not to pull up for ladies when the ear is full inside. We ate informed that on a | net day aa many aa twenty people are often | packed into a space legalised to aeajaunadate but fourteen. The Adelaide Fire Brigade, under the cirecticn'of Mr. A. J. Baker, turned out for prac tice on Thursday evening, June 30, at 6 o'cloos Cn the roll being called it was found that there were eiiteen firemen,three horse-reels, and two ! lacd reels pretest. After tbe ezMniaation of the band-reele, the three borae-reelr, each with five men in attendance, were started et the sarce time to different plugs, tbe > Pittance being about 100 yard?. Eacl reel ran ?S 250 jatda of hose, opened the fire plugs, screwed down the hydrants, and bad toe water playing within two minutes. Ko. 1 resl waa first to play, Ko. 4 second, and Ko. 2 third. In the second trial, No. 2 reel was first, Ko. 4 teoood, and Ko. J third. The ho*e was then rolled up, and the men were exereieed ia the use of the scaling ladders, and they all displaced great activity, and worked with much epir.lt. Although tbe sight wjs , datk and the roads very muddy, the drill, which 1 lasted for an hoar find a h&lf;, 'appeared to be enjoyed by the men, to whom, at its oondasion, Mr. Baker addressed a few words, compliment ing them on the discipline and the smtrtnesa they had displayed. It is announced in our Kno-liith telegrams to-day that Captain Erakiue ia to sooceeu Com nxdoie Wilson in command of Her Majesty's ships on the Australian station, and will hoist hU flag on board ELM& Kelson, 7,000 tana, 13 gune. In the British House of Commons clauses 5 and 6 of the Irish loud Bill have passed thtcugh committee. The officials of the Irish Lend League have issued an appeal to their rjmpathiscra for more money with which ti cany on operations. Up to the present time the sum subscribed is only £8,000. The cricket match between eleven of Cambridge and eleren df Oxford hag ended in an easy victory for the latter by 135 runs. Midhat Pasha, the late Governor of Bmyma, and eight other persons have been found guilty of the crime of murder ing the late SultanMbdul Aziz, five yean ago. AU have been condemned to death with the exception of Izie* Sayd, who has been fcenteneed to ten years' penal servi tude. Johacn Mort, editor of the German newspaper in London, Die Freiheit, has been sentenced to sixteen months' imprisonment with bard labor for publishing seditions matter in that paper. Hostile demonstrations against tbe French having taken place io the State of Tripoli, the French Government have sent a eommuiticalion to the Potto demanding that tbe demorj,tiatton fee immediately stopped. In thelxn onmarlatWallaroocopperhas declined in price 10s. per ton, and is iiow quoted at £63 10b. The new hall of the Fort Lincoln Insti tute was opened on Wednesday, June 29, by Mr. Browne, tie president. There was a fair at tendance of spectators although the weather waa unfavorable. Mr. Browne delivered an address explanatory of tbe movement which was brought to a successful conclusion by the ceremonies of tbe day, in tbe course of which 1 be stated rfcat tbe total cost including f umitnre j amounted to £900. Attentions had been made open tbe original design, and the work waa well carried out by Messrs. Garret* and Boos. It was also stated tbet tbe committee of the institute bad reeentty pur chased a ptano at a oost ?f £90, and 400 new books had been ordertd,and were expeated to arrive eosn. Tbe library consists of 3JDOO volumes, embracing all department* of litera ture. X hearty vote of tbaaka m, on $be ?notion of Mr. Davis on beba'.f of the cam milter, accorded (o Mr. Otborae, the boa. jeeretary, and to Bit. Stone, tbe ecaaio artist, cor the valuable services they had tendered to the institute. Xne Bey. Mr. Mather mered, and Mr. Bhew seconded, a vote of thanks to the president foe his untiring energy oq behalf of the institute. The motion ni carried. The proceedings of the day were continued in the eceuing by en amateur performance in die hall. The feiee of?? Box aaAflot" was well received, as were tkosonga by lira. Frost,Miaaea MeeFar lane and 6. and O. Simmons, and a burlesque of '??La Somnambula." The performers re oeired well-merited applause, and at the Ofmclnwon of the entertainment He. and Mo. Gsnett of the Pier Hotel invited them and a few friends to a complimentary sapper. The hall ia a plain bat substantial and commodious bnildirg. Xhe interior dimenaions. aie6sft.by 30ft. with a domed ceiling Sift high. The scenery and fittings of the stage are fiat-class, and reflect great credit on the akill of Mr. George Stone, the artist and designer. "For Borne weeks," says the Border Watch of Jane 29, "the esoepedes of same mischief-loving fleet footed larrikin, whoooca etonally parades the streets of Mount Gambler at a late boor with something white over him, has been tie eabjectof a good deal of table-talk and no little alarm to the timid. Most people have a strong antipathy to meeting a white rag moving abent in the dark, and so far no one who haa encountered 'the ghoaf ha* had the pluck to attempt his capture. Last Sunday night a burly eoaohdriver waa vowing in the Mount Oambier Hotel stables that if he only got a sight of tbe miscreant he would make it warm for him. On turning out to go horns between 10 and IE o'clock he found 'the ghost 1 waiting at die comer of the hotel, instead, however, of ruining at the dread object; his ?oarage took tefnge in hia heeb, and before he got backed up the ghost wasgene. Many of the stories about the rhort are undoubtedly imaginary, but there ii enffi eiact reality about the affair to warrant v* in urging that decided atepa ehonid be taken t j stop the nnuanoa. So Car no gnat harm has been done, bat eeruxu coneeqaenoea may ensue if Borne person in delicate health or of estra nervous temperament ia frightened. We hops the polioe and the town council will co-operate in ferreting out the miscreant and stopping his games." The latest addition to Mr. Wivell'e Art Gallery ia a picture by Greufeld entitled ** fihecp-ahearing in Germany." This work has jsat arrived from the Melbourne KxbibHioo, and haa been moat favorably criticised wherever it has bees shown. It washangfora time at the Kojal Academy of Berlin whence it mi sent to Sydney, iawhicbeity it excited a j great amount ot interest. The scene represents the inside of a German shearing-abed. where j several shearers, all except one being women, are engaged at their touaoria! work. On the left are two elderly ladies who hare brought a pet sheep to the barbers, and an beutly em ploy ed in diaeoaaing the latest news while their wooUychargeisbeuigdifestedofitesapsrflaaas clothing. The faces of the old ladies form a renacaabty clever study ani are very lifelike. On the right is a capital figure of an old woman, who is standing up with her hands an her hips -taking a spell." Botering the door is an old man beating a thickly fleeced sheep in his arms, the weight of which appears to be almost too pipi^i tor him; both man and miaif * are good natural studies. A pair of cooks disputing the ponatssipn of a corner roost are also well drawn —the whole picture farming a emtefol and in toreetiog work. The artist has evidently a leaning towards the old school style, and has succeeded in contrasting toe lights and shades ia the present picture with admirable effect. Mr. Wivell has priced tee work ia question at £600, end considers it one of the best pieturet he haa exhibited in hia gallery. In addition to the picture named,** Daybreak off the Hebrides" and all the art union prizae are at the present tune on view. The inquest on the body of the man supposed to be named Frank Sessett, who died on board the nchooner Mague. on June 27, was tctuajod by die city oorooer at the Port Admiral Hotel, Pott Adelaide, on Thursday aitctfiooo, Jane 30. Mr. H. Graves waa for*. man of the jury. Captain MoLeod, 000 of the jar; men, was absent wit* his vessel, aad his excuse was accepted. Inspector Sullivan having explained that uo ahipmaaters weald have been called on the jury had the constable not been tew to his work, a diacDesioaarose aa to whetaer | ?!?????—? juror should be sworn in. The coroner | decided to have another juror, though one of ! the others objected to it, and protaatud against ; it on the ground that toe ce?r jaror had not ; tcentbebody of deceased. J. Derrick,laborer, 1 ol Feet Adelaide, gave evidence to she effect I tLat fee thought the deceased waa ?raak Bennett, i tVncerly ol the atiip Gateudo, from which i be ran away. Had been m conatpondenoe with , him ftr some time, and his (Bennett'*) last ! Utter stated that he waa coming do an. He bad j betn for some time eaaptaved in the Gawter ' ranges. Inspector Sullivan said that UoustaMe , atcOord, of Streaky Bay, had telegraphed to | tbe tiled tl*l the man I'nak Bcuuett went to i lLat place from Fort Adelaide in September I lant, and had been employed in the Os trier rssgea ty Mr. Sehleok. Bariy in the preasat 1 mouth he said he waa going to Adrlside to meet ? his brother, who waa supposed to be coming out | Jrom England. Oaptain XuUoch.of tbe Magnet, j stated that the deceased stored ?way in his vet eel wLen he went to Streaky Say. Ibe jury . fom.d that the deceased. Frank or Arthur Uea ? Lett, died from natural causes. Tfce induction of the Rot. F. E. Coghlan, 8.A., as incumbent of St. Luke's Ohareb, 1 Whitmore-cquare, took place in the church on | Thursday evening, Jute 30. Owing to toe i inclement state ot tbe weather tbe congregation 1 ?.-e* set a large oce. The serrioe waa conducted bj the Key. Mr. French, tbe lesions bsing read : by tfce Very Bevere&d; Dean Ba'?;i, 8.1*., and ! the Yen. Archdeacon Marrjat, Mi. TJjs ' Arebdeeoon presented the Hey. Sir. Ooghlaa aa ' dnly appointed to the cure of souls ia the j parish, and after prayer* on behalf of the tew incumbent of St. Luke's hid been offered, toe O^an commscdud him to the oflectionato levercuceof the cingrtga tico. The cermou was preached by Aroitdeauoa Marryat, who chose for his text the words, "Brethren, pray for us,"_l. Thessalonians v., 25. The preacher began by describing the early days of the Christian Church, and followed with a reference to the corruptions which gradually grew up and finally overspread Christendom, until the reformation came to purify the church. In the present day he said the reformed Church of England, clinging to the old and true faith, was doing a noble work, and the vitality which it displayed, the seal of its ministers, and the- wonderful christianising influence it exerted upon the people had recently been acknow ledged" in a moEt ample and eatiifyiug manner by Nonconformist ministers. The Church of Ergland ?yen in the ejes of its rivals was a great living power, the cburch of" the nation still, and the church upon which to a very large 1 extent the religious character of tbe people depended. The venerable archdesoon then pro ' ccidi/d to point out the datiea of the paruh of ' £t. Lube's and its new incumbeat, remiadiag I tbe cougregiticn that in the appointment of ' their new minister they were really making a ! new etert in the work of Cliriet. He closed au ! icpieuive termon by exhorting them to assist ; tbe new incumbent with their prayers and their ! practical co-operation in canrying out tbe j Outlet of his high office. During the even irg the choir of the church aaag several anthems in a creditable manner. An adjourned meeting of the Presbytery ! of South Australia waa held on Wednesday, j June 29. The meeting was constituted ! by prayer by tbe moderator (Bey. Thos. Gray, of Mount Pleasant). Sedemnt—The moderator, Beva. J. Lyail and D. Paton, ?LA. 8.D., Messrs. T. D. Pearson, T. F.Monteith,aud Dr. Boberison, and the clerk of Presbytery (Bey. 3. Hall Angus). Apologies were received and sustained for the absenoe of the Beys. Alex. Law and Boot. Mitchell. It waa intimated that tbe ueual official notice of the moderation at Bt. Andrew's Church had been transmitted by tbe clerk of Presbytery, and had teen daly served on Sunday, June 12 and 19. The ttev. D. Peton (moderator of St. Andrew's Kirk etmen) reported that a meeting of the oongre (btiou was held on Tuesday, June 21, at which Le had presided, when after sermon and the utual explanations it was proposed, eeoonded, and unanimously agreed, that the name of the Bey. Robert A. Galdwell, of Mount Gambier, be SDferted in tfce call from St. Andrew's congrega tion, and Messrs. W. Skethewayand O. W. Fowler were appointed commissioners to repre sent the consregation at the meeting of Presby tery on Wednesday, June 29. Thirty-six Etrfibei? and nice adherents signed the call tiat eveuitg, aud fitty-four members and fifty-five aibtrcnts had eigned it since, ?o that the signatures now number IE4. Mr. Mtnteith (teprcventative elder;, in the abt'eco of the coromU?iouers, who were unable to be present, referred to the fact that tbe call addreaeed to the Bey. B. A. OaldwcU wsa the unanimous expression of the people's ttirds. Tbe Key. J. tyall ctereopon moved that the conduct of tie moderator be approved, that the call be sustained, and that the same be forwarded at once to the clerk of the Hamilton Frebbjtery; that an intimation of the facts be given to Mr. OeldweU, and the call be com needed to his favorable consideration This was seconded by the Bey. J. Hall Angus, and agreed to. The Hon. S. W. Griffith, the leader of tte Opposition in Queensland received an tn- Umsiaatio weleomeon bia return to Brisbane on tbe 20th of June, after visiting Bnglaodinortter to be present at the enquiry before the steel tails commfsajan. A iaige number of members of Parliament went down the river to meet Idm. Mr. Griffith said that some of the diaetos?KS made before the ooamiasion were most lamentable, and that unless his Ideas of morality aad honesty differed feom those of ordinarily facnest men he did net think -the tnuaaebena could be jnaftHJed. . Mr. W. Hemmant. who bad originally petaaouedthe legtalatore to* enquire into toe chazgoa, was equally emphatic. He observed that in 1;:? petitino be bad Bfokan of the tcanaaMMiu co. r. plained of ?* a fraud, bat fae faadeiuca cia o'nded that they involved a caaapin-y. The statements subsequently made at a pub! ? nteeiiDgat the Brisbane Town Hall were coa aidered by the Premier as sufficiently Important to warrant an immediate coaectioa. Mr. T. M'Bwraith accordingly addiessed the following letter to the J3risbaue Courier :—" In his apeeoh at the town hall, Mr. Griffith is reported to have said, that the greatest .otutaolea ware tbrown in his way, end the most strenuous cflorts were made by the gentlemen who represented Mr. M'fiwtaXth as his counsel to exclude him (Mr. Griffith) from the inquiry, bat they were unraeeessf al, and he was there. For this statement there is do foundation in f aot. My counsel were instructed that Mr. Griffith would appear and be present daring die pro ceedings. Neither to me nor any body else did they ever express any objection to his presenoe, and so far from trying to exclude biin, their most strenuous exertions were used to make him take a more prominent part than ha ssemad inclined to do. As to anather statement made by Mr. Griffith that the ' most strenuous efforts were made to exclude most important evidence,' this is an fllnsion ?ure to be dispelled when the evidence is published. The Commissioners' report, with evidence, is on board the Oacso, and will be printed as eooa as her mail is de livered." The New Zealand correspondent of the Melbourne Argus, writing under date of Wel lington, Hay 81, aays:—ln the year 1670-83 we had 1,166 miles of Railway open, on which 3,488 men were employed, the four-weekly expanses being £34,144 (or 74 per cent, on gross ceoeipts), and the net profit 2| par cent. Forth*year 1880-61 we had 1,270 muss of railway open, and 3,177 men employed, the four-weekly expenses being £26,8! 0 (or only 02 per cent of the gross receipts), and the net profit 3J per cent. Thus with 104 miles mote railway we employed 811 fewer man, and saved £5,705 per four weeks, or as nearly as possible £76,000 per annum. The net profits for the financial year ended 31st March last amounted to about £315.000 —a very substantial contribution to revenue. On the only completed line, the main trunk railway of the South bland—the "Amberiey- Eingston," which passes through Chriitehorefa, Timaru, Oamara, Ounedin, and InvercugiU, extending over 770 miles—the net profit was dote upon 6 per cent, that railway thus meet ing the whole interest on its cost, although hampered with the cost of several unprofitable branches and "political" lines, wfaieh do not nearly pay even bare working ?rp^m?^ t much leas anything towards interest or east. The North bland railways an still in half a dozen unconnected seettons, sad therefore cannot be yet expected to pay well, nor will they until the separate links of the chain are joined together, and the fine in land country thoroughly opened Jap. A suecuons endeavor is now being made to effect this by means of private companies, whose efforts would.be supplemented by substan tial awirtanw bom Government in the shape of land grants or guarantee*. Of these incipient enterprises the mott promising, so far, v the Wellington and Foxton railway, which is esti mated oast £450.000, and has had £53,000 or so of public money already expended on it. A company has betn formed to carry on this sus pended work, and shares to the value of over £SC,CCO have been taken op in the Wellington dbtiict alone. Ministers will seek parliamen tary sanction to hand over the work already done, and to make grants of land to tke extent required, to enable the company to float the remainder of its shares on the Lxl? market, notable goaoanteea of boom fides bung of course exacted. Tun ?me, if constructed, will form part of the main trunk line through the North Island—from Wellington to Wanganoi, Xaranaki, Napier, acd Auckland- acd will open op some of the fii>eit tend in the whole colony. A similar effort v being mede in the case of the proposed railway from the east to the west coast of theSootn bland1, bat this is estimated to cost £l£oo,ood. with lets assured advantages, andjat present the negotiations are only in a very earl/ stage. The third important railway about which the pmblio mind is agitated v the Otago Central, of which the estimated coat is £I*lo,ooo, and on which ever £100.C00 has already been spent. This has Dot jet attained tbegprivate company stage, the promoters fontinning to be sanguine of getting it made with money bammed by the colony, So far, however, these expectations seem to stand bet a remote chance of being realised. The storage of electric force ia the sub ject of the following letter, taken from the London Tima of May 16 :—Permit me, through the Timtt, to record tire aocomptishment of a fact unparalleled in the annals of modern science. A short time ago yoar able Paris cotrespondent annonaeed the diasovery by M. Oanitle Faure of tbe practical means of storing electric energy and rendering it portable, so as to be applied to many pmveses hitherto con sidered, if not impossible, extremely difficult. Tbepoblio sconce at the Ooaiiu d'Boooura?A ment pour linduttrie, which was presided over by the do%tn of the French Academy of Science, M. J. 11. Datnaa, and at which were present some of our eminent English scientists, proved that M. Faures discovery win no mere laboratory experiment, but cnbstautially one of great practical utility. 1 was myself one of the many sceptics, and would not on mere j htrtny believe and) statement* as were being published in the Paris press. Bat conviction came by personal verification, and thecrairn rog point of all has jnst been attained. It is ! tills I wish to record. On Monday last, ia Para, a Fame battery, or pile teandsire, was cbatged with the eleotric fluid direotfrom the ordinary Grove battery, and in my pretence. It may te more eosnomMaUy done from a ! Gramme or Sionwns machine. Toe receptacle ; coDtisted of four Faure batteries, each about : 5 in. diameter and 10 in. high, forming a 1 cylindrical leaden vessel, and containing 1 alternate sheets of metallic laad and minium ! wrapped in felt awi rolled into a spiral, wettei 1 with acidulated water, and the whole placed ia a iquare wooden box, mcamring abont one casio foot and weighing some 76 lb. This was pro ' tected by a loose wooden cover, through which : tfce electrcdes (in lead) protruded, and war a 1 flattened down for convenience of rranspsrt. Tfcis box of ** electric energy" was handed to an by M. Fanre, at my regutxt, with the object ol : submitting it for examination and measurement ,: to onr eminent electrician. Sir William Tnom ecD, F.K.B, at the University of Glasgow. I had tbe box by me all through the journey from : Paris on Tuesday night, including a five boat..' I 11 a m. on Wednesday, after running tbe gauut : let of Cartcms and polios authorities, whosa-: -' pidously looked abkance, and seemed to doubt ? n>y statementthatroy box only held "condensed lightning," and contained no infernal machine ' cr new explonre destined to iltontnte sums diabolical socialistic tragedy. From time to 1 time on the journey I tatted the force of the discharge, and tound it to have well . tnat?teiaed its energy. From Zoodon to Glasgow required only another 10 hour*, aud finally, in shoot 73 hoaa Irom the time of charging in Paris, I had the satisfaction of presepttog to Sir William Thornton M. Faure's : rare cfrering of a *? box of electrioity," intact and potent, holding by measurement within ! that small space of one cubic foit a power equivalent to oearlr one miHioa of loot pounds! This wonderful box is now de posited in tbe laboratory of the Glasgow Oni ' versify under the vigilant eye of its director, and being submitted to a aeries of taste and i measurements, the result* of some of whiah ' made Sir Wfliiam exclaim, * Why, it's * little : ; witch." I must not, however, trespass on ' Sir William's ground as to the scientific re- i wilts, which doubtless he himself will give to j tbe public through the proper channels. But . I I must generally say that tbe advantages to science and humanity at targe which this dis- > I coveiy (or rather perfection ol Mr. G. Plante's discovery) is destfaed to afford are of such transcendent importance that we cannot for the present form any correct estimate of their j : magnitude. In short, I have only to add that ? i ita future seems as certain as its stated force is j potential and as brilliant as its own bright light. But whatever nay be the practical re sult* obtained, I have tbe satisfaction of record ing that for the first fine to my knowledge in the history of tbe universe has a box of electric energy nearly equivalent to a million of j pounds, contained within less than a cubic foot j of space, intact and potential, been transported I from France or elsewhere to Great Britain. We have received Mr. Ja& Williams's pocket diary for the current month. A committee meeting of the South Aus tralian Courting Club is to be held at the Prince Alfred Hotel thuafterooon. We understand that a Shipping Company is being formed at Pot Wakefield', the abject i of the promoters being to purchase the coasting craft trading to that port. I We bave noticed in the shop of Mr. Hegedoro.of Hindlej-atreet, a portrait of tUe Emperor of Germany painted By one of Mr. Bagcdcrn employes. The likeness is a fair one, end reflects credit on the artist. > ] Bartley Campbell's drama "TheGafyey Slftve" was repeated for the last time a? the Tbeatte Royal on Thursday evening, And was j well received by all who were nresaftit. This ' evening Mr. W.H.Leake istotate?is benefit, ; ahd adonble bill will be pxetented/namely. ?' My Partner," and t^"OoraicM?po?hew." j In spite of the indemaaGy of the weather there.was a crowded honseat Gamer's Theatre on Thursday evening, wlfan Mr. T*"?^pton t-ook bis (srewell benefit Tieprioelpal gift was a bandson^ base, valnedj as £K,whu£ was ob tained by Mr. Bean. y?b-nght and toHnorrow nlcht the last craMg perlomwwies wHl> given, and totnotu* afterawen ? aaaUns?is sainouneed,sAwhloh/ aW jry?Mld artandmgwiU receive a parting g)& Hint snakOie diorama ] wmt??An^i^ortAdsUUe,and|ovi to leaving tor WesfernAustcanaaeoantrytoar will be made. / j £ Customs j 5_j000 .rebate and Sue—_-i e-n__t.ee ._! 17,0- Valine _ ...J 12,850 _duea__iu ... ...I 20,000 -___,_______., __. —Orom Xaada ...j 86,925 Senta—Ordinary ... 655 J-ceucea ... _.. 18.815! Postages and Ttle- grapbs ... __..! 138,000 Sines, Fees, and For-! teitaies ~ ...| 45,107 Sale tt Govunrntnt I Property— ... 2,000, -Bei__ir___tB-_- aid -. m.\ 38,4671 Miaoellan-i-i ...| 7,6001 Interest and Ex-j I _-nge ".__. _ 44JJC0 _a_n? and Tiam- Mmjk ... ... 431J0OO "Waterwaaa-a ...! 56,000 Tana Balm.- ...j 683,000 CntBligation ...J 2,000 8.037.719 ; Revenue; -* far Heads of Eeoeipt. 18 ao 4Li | |iea__tedi Bscbu-ss. ; Quarter | Year ended ended 'June 80,'June 30, | 1881. { 1881. j £ I £ 113,268, 515,680 8.532 10.425 8,8-8| 13828 6.726 17JB88 14,484,' 88,083 36\. 1.872 5.3i2j 85.683 35.980 136.010 12£16 47^56 84.1 2.331 1 9,839 33,__6 1.616 9,689 30£__ 45,783 99,850 435,9 iO 81,114 62.16. 141^22 553.283 923 3*91* 4_. J 80S!l < 010.6Sl 