? IRELAND. MISS ANNA PABNELL. (Weekly Freeman.) On Sunday, 6th March, a large and enthusiastic land meeting, under the auspices of the local branch of the Ladies' Land League, was held in the town of Keadae. The weather was very favourable, and large numbers of the fair sex poured in from the surrounding districts. Miss Anna Parnell came from Carriok- on- Shannon, where she arrived the previous night, at about two o'clock. From Lsitrim to Keadae the road was in several places spanned by arches, and some very tasteful banners, bearing appropriate mottoes, were displayed. As Miss Parnell entered the town she was accompanied by a procession of not less than three thousand young ladies, and presented with the following address:— We, the executive of the Keadae branch of the Ladies' Land League, tender you the warmest expression of our gratitude for coming amongst us. We offer you a eead mille faillhe. Any words of ours can but feebly represent the intense feeling of gratitude towards your family enkindled in the hearts of the Irish people by the repeated heroic and noble exertions on their behalf made not only by Mr. 0. S. Parnell, but also by Mrs. and Miss Fanny Parnell; and we cordially appreciate the fact that the early part of your public, careet gives strong indications of surpassing both Mrs. and Miss Fanny Parnell (if surpassed they oan be) in the endeavour to obtain for the down- trodden people of this country their jnst rights. We wish your career a brilliant success, and promise to give the movement inaugurated by you our most cordial support. The Irish people are fully sensible of the fact that, but for the personal sacrifices made by your noble brother in crossing thousands of miles of ocean, [in the midst of the most inclement season, and pleading throughout the cities of the United States and Canada the cause of the poor, starved, and struggling Irish peasant, hundreds of thousands of our people would have died of hunger during the past year. We attribute the benefits derived from all the relief committees to his advocacy. To his consistent and continuous advocacy in and out of Parliament the advanced state not only of the land question, but also the other public questions of the day, is principally owing. With C. S. Parnell pleading our cause in Parliament, Mrs. and Miss Fanny Parnell in America, and you here in Ireland, our cause is sure to prosper. The name of Mr. Parnell is indelibly printed in the hearts of the people of this country; even the children at the knees of their mothers at the Irish firesides, during their playful amusements, adopt such phases as " Three cheers for, success to, and Q-od bless Mr. Parnell"— emblematic of the Irish shamrock. Freedom perceives the three leaders, and cries—" Oh, do not sever a type that blends three Godsent friends—Charles, Fanny, and Anna Parnell, for ever?" The proceedings commenced at about two o'clock, p.m. The chair was taken by Mrs. Gilleran, President of the Manorhamilton branch of the Ladies' Land League. Amongst those present were— Mrs. Ellen M'Dermott, president of the Carrick-on-Shannon branch; Miss Mary Jane M'Dermott, Miss Anna Moran, Miss Mary Gallagher, Miss Barrett, Mrs. Kelly, Mrs. Walsh, president of the Keadue branch, &c.; After Mrs. Gilleran had thanked the meeting for the honour conferred on her, Miss Kate Ward proposed— That we pledge ourselveB to give by every means within our reach active co-operation to Miss Anna Parnell and the other patriotic ladies of the Irish National Land League in their laudable endeavour to assist evicted tenants, and thereby mitigate the evils of distress and misery, as well as the families of those who may suffer imprisonment on account of connection with the Land League. Miss Lynch, Manorhamilton, seconded the resolution, which was passed. Miss Kate Gillooly proposed— That we hereby enter our strongest and most emphatic protest against the arrest of Michael Davitt, as we believe ' that. this cowardly and unprecedented conduct of an alien Government is principally due. to the circumstance, that the . imprisoned patriot advocated the propriety of female co-operation in connection with the Land League movement as essentially necessary at the present crisis to a full and complete overthrow of landlordism in Ireland. Miss Eliza Jane M'Givney seconded the resolution, which was carried. Miss .Mary Lee proposed— v That we protest against the ,action of an alien Parliament, who are totally unacquainted with Ireland, in forcing coercion against the expressed wish of their faithful representatives, thereby plaoing the liberties of the Irish people at the inercies of spies i and informers. : Miss Bridget Kelly seconded the resolution. .•'• : Miss Anna Parnell osald—Ladies and gentlemen—I am veiypleased iowee that ( Mr. Forster haB entirely fMledinpottdng all the Land Lea^dia other parts of the 'oiS^i^^'^^jMi^ i so, but he may Ropopmmon. In here and pat us Into' prlwni^ we «houIA make the best UBB of the time left as that we can. I think that the objects of the Ladies' Land Leagae are so plain that it is no harm to repeat them. Our first duty is to see when a landlord comes down with all the powers of the law on any of his tenants—we should see that none of the tenants suffer, and no one who can help it be idle. Every effort should be made to make evictions as little fatal as possible. A few weeks ago there was an eviction. A force of police was sent to carry out the sedtence of murder —a force of Irishmen were found to take part in the daty. A Voice—They were always for the dirty work. Miss Parnell—If there is such a place as the next world, I think anyone helping to turn out starving tenantry wants a great deal of saving in it. One old woman was not able to walk. Two of the constabulary took her in their arms and left her on the roadside. (GroanB.) There was a priest there, and he raised his voice to warn the constabulary of the danger they incurred in prying out the eviction. They did not it oat, and Mr. Gladstone waB infonned that the priest had interfered. When they dare to treat a parish priest thus, it will not do to stand aside. We are willing to brave imprisonment and all the other terrors the Government hold over the heads of thoBe at the mercy of the landlords. You have had a Land League for a long time in Keadue. When you hear of an eviction, find out all you can about it. We require to know all details that we may be able to help them. During the past winter very many women have been imprisoned in Connaught without any cause. The reason is that " Buckshot Forster" knows that thus he has us at his mercy more than in any other way. If the women are taken there is no one to take care of the children. Mr. Forster said he got more trouble from the women than from anyone else. I am not surprised. Gladstone, Bright, and Forster know that the children are the first victims. I believe they are deliberating the effect of the feelings of the Irish people to make them loose their self-control and make them succumb to acts of violence. Young females, do your best to be mothers to those whose mothers are imprisoned, that Mr. Forster may be disappointed. It may be that some mothers will give trouble to the process- servers. All animals, the lion, tiger, and wolf, turn to defend their young. When an Irish mother does the same, Forster calls it brutality. Great efforts should be made to collect books for those in prison—it will keep up their courage. (Cheers for Parnell and Davitt). There is another thing I would like to see. If it were not Sunday, I would like to see all the young ladies with half a stocking in their pockets to show when their relatives are imprisoned that they will have a good pair of stockings to wear. Mr. Forster would not imprison so many in order to keep them from wearing them. I was thinking if I was sent to prison what I should like least, and I thought cold feet. When I am taken I hope someone else will knit stockings for me. When Miss Parnell had concluded, loud cheers were given for Mr. Parnell and Mr. Davitt. The resolution was passed. Miss Ward proposed a vote of thanks to the president. Mrs. Gilleran hoped they would disperse quietly, and thus give the British Government no hold on them. The meeting then dispersed. THE ARCHBISHOP OF OASHEL ON IRELAND AND FEAN0E. (Dublin Weekly Freeman.) An article appeared in the Tablet of the 5th March headed " Ireland and France," in which, referring to Mr. Parnell, Irish Catholics are warned against following " irresponsible leaders who despise and insult their religion as an outsworn superstition, into thp quagmire of Jacobinical alliances and revolu-' tionary conspiracy." His Graoe the Most Rev. Dr. Croke addressed thereupon a letter to the editor of the Tablet, which that paper suppressed.: It is certainly strange conduct for a.".religious" journal to attack men and their actions, and then to refuse to publish % vindication of them, even from an archbishop. Ordinary persons would consider thiB grossly unjust, no matter what their opinion of the merits of the subject under discussion. We now print the letter of his Grace the Archbishop, and the article in externo to which it refers. (To the Editor of the London Tablet.) The Palace, Thurles, 10th March. SIB,—A clerical friend has just called my attention to an article in this week's Tablet entitled " Ireland and France." Any public; print or periodical, no matter under what colours it may sail, that would deliberately erpreBB ^ome, atleast, of thtf sentimentB, and strive to give^ciirrenc^ to the patent mis- ^preseihtation ^lustorio .analogue contained in that article", Ujiotfittj think, for admittance into OT house, j^mm^rn^. I pray you, then, to cease sending me vow. paper. The Tablet is very solicitous indeed about the faith and morals of the Irfrii people. Let its pious concern on thatBOOM be put to rest. The faith and morals of our people were never, thank God, in less pern than they are to-day; and the sympathetic Saxon who wrote the article I complain of •will, no doubt, be greatly consoled bv the assurance which I venture to give him. namely—that the real or fancied coquetting of one or more Irish agitators with French poets or incendiaries is not likely to do any serious damage to the cause which he has so disinterestedly taken to his heart.—I am sir 1 your faithful servant, ' t T. W. CBOKB, Archbishop of CasheL The following is the article in the Tablet referred to in the above letter :— It is a hackneyed saying that history ig philosophy teaching by experience. But, like many other wise saws, the dictum expresses what rather ought to be than wliat is. It is in the lives of nations as it is in the lives of the individual men and women of whom nations are composed. Warnings, cautions, encouragements are strewn in abundance in our path. But how seldom and how little are they heeded ! It is not easy to be wise after the event. It is not easy to be wise at any time. The charge brought, not without reason, against the restored Bourbons, tha they had forgotten nothing and learnt nothing, is of only too general application, and yet there are some lessons of so stern a character that even the most unreflecting might be reasonably expected to lay them to heart. A burnt child, it is said, dreads the fire. How much more should a burnt nation dread it ? It is now well-nigh a century since Catholic Ireland was scorched, scorched severely, in that great conflagration described by Burke as kindled from hell, which then raged so fiercely in France. It was natural at the time, perhaps, that Irishmen should turn with longing expectation to that country. For a hundred years they had groaned under the most iniquitous system of penal laws the world has ever seen. Anfl the word of Revolution was—Emancipation. We breathe, whether we will or not, the air of our century. And|the quick susceptible Hibernian nature experienced to the full the influences that were in the moral atmosphere. Oppressed, plundered, insulted, Ireland saw with wonder a great nation shake oS the corrupt and tyrannous regime under which every vestige of liberty had disappeared, and the State (according to Louis XIV.'s insolent boast) had become synonomous with the sovereign. One of the noblest and purest of English poets has described for us in immortal verse the emotions which thrilled through generous spirits when the crash of the falling Bastille startled Europe how " From the wreck A golden palace rose, or seemed to rise, The appointed seat of equitable law And mild paternal sway ;" how the wind seemed everywhere to waft to those that sat in darkness and the shadow of eath the glad tidings, Be joyful all ye nations, in all lands, Ye that are capable of joy be glad, Henceforth whate'er is wanting to your- In others ye shall promptly find, and all Enriched by mutual and reflected wealth Shall with one heart honour their commonkind." Woodsworth himself, as we know, shared to the full these golden dreams, these expectations of Saturnian days and universal brotherhood, to find, too late, like the ancient Roman, that the liberty he had worshipped was a shade. It was natural, then we say, that Irishmen should be fired by thoBe fond anticipations, and should regard the French Bevolution as the star to liberty for their own country. It was natural, too, that the strength of assAsiation should be ressed into the service of patriotism. It ay be worth while to quote here a portion f the document in whioh Wolfe Tone ketched the objects of the Confederation nown as the " United Irishmen." " Our society will not call itself a Whiff Club or a Bevolution Society.. Let its name be the ' Irish Brotherhood.* Let its aim be to make the light of philantrophy—a pale and ineffectual light—converge, and by converging kindle into ardent, energetic, enthusiastic love for Ireland, that genuine, unadulterated enthusiasm which descends, from a luminous head to a burning heart, and impels the spirit of man to exertions unequivocally great. What is our end? The rights "of man in Ireland! The greatest happiness , of the greatest numbers in this island J' the inherent and indefeasible claims of every free nationtorestin this nation; the will and power to be happy; to pursue the common weal as an individual pursues his private welfare, and to stand in insulated independence an imperatorial people." Such was the seductive programme with whioh the movement started that was to issue in the rebellion of 98 and to kindle a flame not to be extinguished save by the blood of sixty-six thousand Irishmen. It is needless to go through the details of the dreary and sickening story; to recall, how, in spite of the warnings of the Episoopate, Irish Catholics, guided by the ProteBtant Wolfe Tone, allowed themselves to seek an alliance with the Atheistic Jaoobins of France; how the bishops* in return for their wholesome counsels, were written down by that somewhat dubious personage and his intimate friends as " d——-d scoundrels"; how the Catholic committee ceased to exist/and a "Committee of 'Pnblio Safety" (ominous sounding name !) assumed toact on behaltof lrish patriots; "without distdnction'of creed." . Let as speak no more of it. It is enough to remark that the terriblB vengeanoe taken upon the rebels in 1798 was Jjy no means the worst result of this unhappy movement. Far worse was the entire discredit which it cast upon the Catholic cause, discredit which did more than anything else to strengthen the sovereign who then sat upon the English throne and his successor in their persistent refusal of justice to Ireland. The great Catholic body " is not connected with lie revolutionary movement," the Viceroy bore witness in 1792. But for at least a quarter of a century the stigma of revolution attached to Irish Catholics at large, and constituted their heaviest disability. Well might one of the greatest of Ireland's sons, the foremost champion of Catholic Emancipation, "with the hand of death upon him," as he expressed it, counsel his countrymen to "keep aloof from democratic agitation." Such was the advice of the illustrious Grattan, who bad seen enough of the fruits of democratic agitation to estimate it justly. Mr. Parnell's advice is different. He seeks allies for Ireland in the motly crowd of Communists and Atheists which rallies round M. de Rochfort; in the great but most unstable genius who, first a Royalist and then a Bonapartist, now poses as the champion of a Government which banishes and robs monks and nuns, which insults and tramples on the crucifix, which burns to turn holy matrimony into mere concubinage, and 'which pronounces by the mouth of M. Gambetta that its enemy is Clericalism, the insulting nick-name for the Catholic religion—a needless assurance indeed, for its acts sufficiently show it. It is the story of Wolfe Tone over again. Nay, there is even a curious similarity between the language of tbe two men. We cited just now some of the words of the founder of the United Irishmen. Compare them with the following utterance of his successor. We quote from Mr. Parnell's telegram, which appeared in Monday's issue:— " I addressed a letter to Victor Hugo, in which I pointed out that the nobility of heart, the deep sympathy with human suffering, which has distinguished him through life, had encouraged me to invoke his powerful advocacy in defence of the suffering Irish people. The Irish question is not a sectarian question in its aspect. It is a purely social question. It is the cause of five millions of working men. . . . We appeal to the conscience of all good men, without distinction of creed, of party, or of nationality, to aid us in shaming the Government of England into doing justice to our people. We appeal to those honoured men who have known how to awaken the sympathy of mankind for less miserable nations, and we shall not appeal in vain when we ask that their voice shall be raised on behalf of a brave but unfortunate people." The issue before Catholic Ireland now is of such gravity, and touches us as Catholics so nearly, that it is our duty to speak plainly. It is precisely the same issue that was before the Catholic people of Ireland in the last decade of the last century. And it is this: Will they follow irresponsible leaders, who despise and insult their religion as an outworn superstition, into the quagmire of Jacobinical alliances and revolutionary conspiracy, or will they, as true children of the Church, listen to the voice of authority which comes to them from their only safe guides—the bishops, who watch for their souls as those that must give account ? There are no men living who feel one-hundreth part of the solicitude for their flocks which animates the venerable prelacy of Ireland ; nowhere is such keen appreciation to be found, whether of the wrongs of that deeply-injured country or of the true remedies for those wrongs. There are no men living who are more entirely cut off from all possibility of really sympathising with a Catholic people than those avowed enemies of all that is Catholic, to whom Mr. Parnell is now paying court, for ends upon which I disdain to speculate. Non tali auxilio non defensoribus istis. Will justice to Ireland be worked out ? It is the terrible lesson of one of the most terrible chapters in Ireland's history. And we will not believe that it will be thrown away. What fellowship hath he that believeth with an infidel, or Catholic Irishmen with atheistic Jaoobins? THE BISHOP OF MEATH AND THE LAND MOVEMENT. On Patrick* 8 Day the foundation-stone of a new church in St. Mary's parish, Drogheda, was blessed by Dr. Nulty, the bishop of the diocese." On entering the town the bishop was presented with an address from the Drogheda Land League. The Drogheda Argus, referring to this incident, says:— At Dublin Gate, the principal entrance to the town, from the county Meath, a deputation from the Drogheda branch of the Land League advanced to the front to present his lordship with an address of welcome. The carriage and procession immediately stopped, and his lordship and the attendant clergymen alighted. The deputation, was introduced by the Very Rev. Thomas Allen, P.P., St. Mary's. His lordship said that he could hardly find words to express his feelings of gratitude to the people of Drogheda for the Ugh honour and mark of public appreciation bestowed upon him on that day. He was most grateful for the address presented to him, and for the language in which it was couched, and he accepted it as the highest honour he ever enjoyed. In the letter which he recently addressed to the world, and to which the addreBS had referred, -he but gave expression to their feelings as veil as hisown. On the land question, as also on all others which affeoted the wellhang of their belovedlreland, they all-^ priests and people—thought and felt the aame. The priests andthe people were now, as in days gone by, united together, and, come weal or woe, they would ever and always be so. (Loud cheers.) The priests and the people were united for Ireland's just rights. He was glad that his letter had met with such attention and hearty approval. In this old town, long ago, thejpriests had been then, as now, united with the people, and when the miscreant Cromwell massacred the people, priests and friars were butchered with the people, and commingled their blood in one common stream. They were united still. Referring to the lpnd question, his lordship expressed himself in favour of making the people of Ireland peasant proprietors. No man ought pay more than a just rent. No man ought take the farm from which a tenant who pays a just rent was evicted. Any man who does so was a traitor to his country. After a little while the landed proprietors will see the wisdom of submitting to what was just and fair. The people wanted no more than that, and on that account they were certain to succeed. The legislature would not, without pressure from without, concede to the people any of their just rights, and according to the movement of the times the legislature would accept accomplished facts. Let the people—and he was sure that they would follow his injunctions—let them not discredit or stain the fair fame of their cause by acts of violence or assassination. Such crimes were of the greatest injury to the cause of the people, or to any cause. All they may do is—while they protect the person of an offender against the cause of the people, they will hold him in contempt and scorn. It was impossible for any traitor to his country to bear and outlive the scorn of the whole nation. He may rejoice and rest secure in the air of coercion, but there was no man strong enough to withstand the scorn of a nation. His lordship then referred to the proverbial peace and good order prevailing in Drogheda in terms of praise and congratulation. Last week he waB delighted at reading that the Lord Chief Baron Palles was at the Drogheda assizes presented with white gloves, in testimony of the stainless purity of the criminal calendar, and that there were no offences to be tried before him. Let them go on and persevere in the same orderly and peaceful manner, and let them have courage and not be dispirited at the events of recent legislation; let there be no traitors, and then their success was certain. (Loud cheers.) He only did his duty in raising his voice in defence of his countrymen, and there was no bishop in Ireland but would do the same. Whenever an oppressor or a tyrant was to be found, his lordship said he would raise his voice and be the protector and defender of his people, and if they could not denounce the criminal, they oould, at least, scorn and detest the offence. His lordship remarked that during his career in the priesthood he witnessed evictions the most cruel and heartless in connection with thedand system. He spoke from personal experience of three scenes of which he was an actual observer, and of the mischief and sufferings entailed by them. From his first entering on the mission he was with the people, and would be so to the last, and he hoped that, in the goodneBS and wisdom of the Almighty, the prieBts and people of Ireland would, as in days gone by, cling together like the ivy, through good or ill. In conclusion, his lordship thanked the gentle men of the deputation for their address, and he bestowed on them his benediction, which they all knelt down in the public street to receive with uncovered heads and reverential mien. THE LAND LEAGUE FUND. We have received (says the Nation) the sum of £5 from Miss Charlotte G. O'Brien for the funds of the Land League. Ac companying the subscription was a letter which, as it was private, we asked the writer's leave to publish. In reply to our request we have received the following letter, which, we are sure, our readers will peruse with all the greater pleasure when they know it comes from the daughter of the illustrious William Smith O'Brien :— Ardanoir, ^ Foynes. in Deae my last Sib,—I note, . which have •. • forgoten"4hirt was ° private, but - Fsaid^f you can publish this, in which I can say that every day convinces me more deeply, not only of the necessity of the League, but of the righteousness of the cause. I believe it has been given to Michael Davitt to start a movement which is destined to pull to the ground, and not only in Ireland, a system near to slavery in its evils. That there was wrongmixed with the League, especially in its early stages, is, I fear, certain; but we may thank the Government for this, at least—that it is likely to purge away our dross, and leave the movement purer and stronger than before. If the country can come through the next two months stainless—if it can choose rather to suffer wrong than to sin—it will be a greater victory than Ireland has ever yet scored. Yours faithfnlly, C. G. O'Bbxen. The usual weekly meeting of the Land League was held on Tuesday evening, 19th March, in the offices of the League, Upper Sackville-street. Mr. Thomas Sexton, M.P., occupied the chair; and Mr. Brennan announced that the subscriptions received durine the week had!' amounted to the handsome (Bum of £2354.10s. 2d. Of this sum £2000 ha4 been received from the Land and Labour League, America, per Son. P. A. Collins; and£l02 from the Utioa branch of thi Land League. j Mr. . Brennan justly thoughtthatthe £2000 was a sufficient answer to the sneers of a section of the press which said that the financial position of the League had been reversed. A large number of eviction cases were dealt with, and relief voted. The usual weekly meeting of the Land League was held on Tuesday evening, 22nd March, in the offices of the League, Upper Sackville-street. An encouraging feature of the meeting was the occupancy of the chair by the Bev. Harold Rylatt, Unitarian minister, of Belfast, whose patriotic, uncompromising speeches in the North of Ireland on the land question have recently attracted much attention. Several new members were elected. Mr. Thomas Brennan announced that, Bince the last meeting, £550 18s. 3d. had been received, and of this £100 had come from Temora gold-field, New South Wales, and £40 from the Rev. E. P. Coffey, Wellington, New Zealand. Prom the tone of all the speeches, and from the report of the progress made in the provinces, it is evident that coercion has merely resulted in strengthening the hands of the Land League leaders. ABCHBISHOP M'CABE ON THE LADIES' LAND LEAGUE AND MB. PABNELL. Recently a Pastoral from Archbishop M'Cabe was read at all the churches in Dublin. In it his Grace said :— Let no man, very rev. Fathers, accuse us of want of sympathy with the great question of justice which now appeals for settlement to the Legislature of these kingdoms. The cause is a just and holy one, and carries with it the blessings of religion. Amongst the terrible mistakes made in former times by the rulers of this unhappy land, there is none, perhaps, which will exceed in folly that which will now be committed if the vital question relative to the tenure of land be not settled now and for ever on principles of justice to all concerned. So convinced are we that the full and honest settlement of this angry controversy is essential to the temporal happiness and moral and religious interests of our fellow-countrymen, that if the sacrifice of our blood could lead to the consummation of this grand act of justice, we would, without a moment's hesitation, make that sacrifice. The Irish bishop has no ambition to gratify ; he has no worldly fortune to advance ; he has no patrons to flatter. The only objects which demand the exercise of all his powers of mind and body are the glory of God and the happiness, temporal and spiritual, of the people from whom he sprung, and whose welfare is essentially bound up with his whole life. But this fact must not make him " a dumb dog, opening not his mouth." If he sees the wolf approaching the fold, no false consideration for the susceptibilities of the flock must awe him into silence. The Good Shepherd laid down His life for His flock, and the freedom of His warnings led Him to Calvaiy. If His representatives on earth fail in their duty through fear of encountering the hostility of men, woe to them, for God will demand the blood of the fold at their hands. Whilst, therefore, we bless the end now aimed at, we must now again proclaim from the housetop that some of the means employed in the struggle cannot receive the sanction of religion. We have already alluded to one of the means so employed; let us now turn to the last expedient resorted to. The modesty of her daughters was the ancient glory of Ireland. The splendour of the purity of St. Brigid won for her the sublime title of the Mary of Ireland. Her spiritual ohildren were worthy of their mother's fame, and Ireland shone out more brightly by the chastity of her daughters than even by the learning or labours of her most distinguished sons. Like Mary, their place was the seclusion of home. If charity drew them out of doors, their work was done with speed, and their voices were not heard in the world's thoroughfares. This sacred retirement was so dear to St. Paul that he commanded the holy women of his day, even in the church, to cover their headB with the veil of modesty out of reverence for the angels. But all this is now to be lie ^ people, KAAolahathair be they daughters matrons raofrnn• or n* of virgins, our n*mnaova Catho- are called forth, under the flimsy pretest of oharity, to take their stand in the noisy arena of public life. The pretext of charity is merely assumed, for already we have holy associations of men and women, who, with the full blessing of religion, do the works of mercy, corporal and spiritual, for the poor and afflicted; and even the harsh laws now coming into force have mercifully provided for the families of those who fall under their power. No, rev. Fathers, not at the call of oharity are the women of Ireland invited to come before the world. They are asked to forget the modesty of their sex, and the high dignity of their womanhood, by leaders who teem utterly reckless of consequences, and who, by that recklessness, have brought misery on many families. God grant that they may not have brought defeat on the cause which .they appeared to advocate! Very rev. dear Fathers, set your faces against this dishonouring attempt, and do not tolerate in your sodalitie* uie woman who so far disavows her birthright of modesty as to parade hemelf before the public gaze in a oharaoter so unworthy a child crfMary. This attempt at degrading the women of Ireland comes very 1 appropriately from men who have drawn the country into her present terribly deplorable Condition, where, deprived offthefiBafeguards of the Constitution, her people,tfaay beoome the prey of theispy and informer.'; It comes from men who sent their egenta tip fawn on notorious anfliM'' and revolutionists ; and thaje^agenia, &> espape the oclium of their politeness of a most illustrious soldier of France. Possibly they did not report to their followers the advice given to them on the occasion of their visit by his Eminence. The O irdinal recommended them before .11 things to avoid giving to the c m use of Ireland the character of a revolt agrainst law and authority, and to adhere to the counsels and directions of the bishops who had received instructions from the Sovereign Pontiff. Had this advice been followed, many poor men now locked up in prison would be in the midst of their friends, and engaged in their honeBt callings. Possibly, too, they did not say that the great French Marshal was'' very reserved " on the occasion, having previously " made up his mind, before accepting their visit, to be completely neutral as to politics." To forward their own views, these same agents were not ashamed to misrepresent tbe history of a diocese, whose prelates in former times were the glory of the Irish Church—prelates prepared to sacrifice their lives for God and His people, but yet not afraid to warn that same people when misled by false friends and dangerous advisers. These, very rev. Fathers, and others, are sources whence come great dangers to the faith of our country. Let us pray to the Most High that he may arise and scatter the enemies of His holy cause. Let us pray that the wisdom of the Divine Spirit may direct the councils of our rulers ; that the charity of the Holy Ghost may bind together for ever the priests and the people of Ireland, and that, united in faith and charity, they may form one grand body, with Christ our Lord for its glorious head. LETTEB OF MB. A. M. SULLIVAN, M.P. The following letter on the above subject appeared in the Freeman :— House of Commons Library, 4th March. DEAR SIB,—I cannot help thinking, a tall events hoping, that on calm reflection and on fuller and more accurate information his Grace the Most Rev. Dr. M'Cabe will frankly own and sincerely regret the oruel wrong he haB, in a moment of error, done pure and devoted Catholic ladies who belong to the " Ladies' Land League." They have brothers, fathers, husbands, or children who cannot, without dereliction of duty, allow such imputations as his to pass unnoticed. Most heartily I for one share the hope that even in works of charity and patriotism the women of Ireland will show, as they have always shown, that they know what is womanly —that is to say, what is gentle, modest, pure, and holy; and sony should I be tosee imported into our country the pagan theories preached elsewhere that weuld put an ignoble, masculine character on women. There is, however, another extreme on this question; and the suggestion that the ladies of the organisation above referred to have "put aside the veil of modesty" and put on the mask of hypocrisy is a very Berious matter. It is a terribly dangerous thing for any man, especially an exalted prelate of the Church, to impnte motives—to assume to read the inner heart of others—where the possibility of mistake means the possibility of that which, thank God, no prelate or priest would wilfully commit—the bearing of false witness against one's neighbour. When, therefore, Dr. M'Cabe declares, in any sense or in any degree, of members of my family—or, fos that matter, of my country women in general who have so nobly responded to the call of Christian charity and Christian patriotism— that they are dishonest and untruthful—that is to sav, using false or flimsy pretexts as to their motives and actions—I put it to him as a matter of conscience whether he is justified in thus publicly insulting and wronging some of the most exemplary and devoted children of the Church, known to their pastors as models of every virtue that exalts and adorns the Christian woman. His Grace says—" The pretext of charity is merely assumed, for already we have holy associations of men and women who, with the fall blessing of religion, do the works of mercy, corporal and spiritual, for the poor and afflicted." I cannot see the teguitur here. Why charity must be only a pretext because we have also those holy associations of men and women is surely not clear. Why should there not be room for a special organisation to meet a special call of necessity f If everything should be left to the ordinary "holy associations of men and woman," what about the Ladies' League started sixteen months ago by the Duchess of Marlborough? Why were not the works of mercy, corporal and spiritnal, left to those holy associations by the duchess and the ladies whom she assembled at the Castle P Many of those estimable ladies were Catholics, known to enjoy his Grace's high friend* ship and favour. Did he denounce them in a pastoral? Did he dive into their secret hearts, and undertake to pronounce on their interior motives ? There was another organisation—the Mansion House Committee—well able to do the work without an opposition or rival body. Did his Graoe say a word to those ladies accordingly P Their lady- leader held public meetings, assembled the reporters, and made speeches. Did his Grace think of St. Sridgid all this time, or tell the Catholic ladies of that Itfagoe that "their place was the seclosita of home F* There were hot wanting those who discerned in the . good 'Unoheaifc league, in her' public meetings and speeches;' and her opposition,telegrams to England, America, and A-ugtr&fla;," a political as .well ;as aoharitable: motive. Nevertheless, was anyoDe «o unmanly as t» her «he thad of modesty",*' or that she J^/imerdyaMumea people, and shouting that rthsy would " lick' BbyJj^Bh beggars." App^er'.jppslie4.at Wi! arid "made .' a tlow' wifcH,- ihi9 i. i, (beI^1 ^[hipnj iais^ed'lflip. The soidier tneii ran^^ards A ^ fcibft& i n'ear Ulcere lie stdodj striking at every H6W iiliiih his' belt at Jthe iepoAini;' tffcich; gtrtfdk'him on the 'ndse-flad i&ripflted; Tu&j; dowa. : • While on the ground hfe «#aa'kicked.! B»i however, Buoceeded-in-gettin^itp, struck j <tte«Jf his asSailaata 'with At stick? ifad-ran off.! T^ey foIIowed, shouting, "Catch the ;Irish| h ." Deponent topkrefuge jus. fihop'in i the. street. They partly wrecked/the house,| and he barely escape! through, a sidedoar 1 ^ith htt life. An army pensioner, named Grady, deposed that no p^rson had given' the soldiers offence. Ho remonfetratedwith thBffl,~attd one of them Md ^tTie worild; have Irish blood befpre. he- would go to, barracks. Immediately kftejtrthis one of them j was rushing down Barrack-Street, and a: little girl was coming out of one of the houses, : -when the eoldier tan towlffdahft and struck her with the buclde-of-his waist-belt on the side of the. head. She fell'on the road. Witnesa caught hold of-the soldier whodid it, but he made an attempt to strike him with the belt, .and he had to let him go. He made a complaint of the affair at the barracks, but it'was taken no notice of. Colour-sergeant Gostello, who was: Bent ; for, swore that the men were sober, except a corporal, who was subsequently arrested for being (bunk. He heard civilians call the soldiers nasty names, which excited his men. This, however, was Contradicted by several witnesses. The police complain that when they report the misconduct of the men to the picket they usually take no notice. Last night the police had to escort to his house a gentleman who, with his wife, was taking his usual evening walk. . DRUMMING - IN ST. PATRICK'S DAY. On Monday, 21st March, in the southern division of the police court, a number of respectable tradesmen, belonging to the City of Dublin Brass Band, where summoned, at the instance of Sergeant Grant, 92 B, with having prevented free traffic in George's-streefc (South), Aungier-street, and Graftonstreot, on the night of the 16th, between 11 and 12 o'clock. The defendants were described as Michael Judge, Arran-quay; Michael Cleary, Patrick-street; Michael Nolan, Watling-street; William Curran, Markes-atreet; James Dunbar, Clanbrassil- street; William Jones, Watlingstreet; Samuel Irwin, Denzille-street; David Dunne, Ship - street ; John Dunne, James' -street; Michael Kane, and John Dunne, St. James'-walk. Mr. Samuel Anderson, Crown Solicitor, prosecuted, and Mr. J. J. Walsh defended. Sergeant Grant, 92 B, deposed that on the evening of the 16th, he saw the Dublin Brass Band coming down Christ Church-place. Mr. Judge was conducting it, and all the defendants -were members of the band. None others were in uniform, and they were all playing instruments. They passed by the castle, where they did not play. They did not play until they came to Dame-street. They then turned into South Great George'sstreet, and the crowd was then, including all, about 300 persons. This was about a quarter past eleven o'clock at night. Mr. Anderson—Now, what effect had that on the traffic ? Two tram-cars were stopped, and the street was blocked up. I pointed this out to Mr. Judge. The crowd became very disorderly, and commenced to shout and cheer. And, now, could the foot passengers get down the street ? They could not. The band turned into York-street, and then ceased to play. They then came out of Torkstreet on to the Green, and commenced again playing at Grafton-street. The crowd-numbered about 400 persons. Mr. Anderson—Were the crowd walking— marching with them 1 Yes, walking after theband. The crowd turned into Suffolkstreet, and were disorderly by.JiieBing at St. Andrew's Church; and wjben passing Up !again by the castle and tfie .Express Office, they hissed. Mr. Woodlock—Did you see anybody obstructed after leaving Suffolk-street ? No, sir, not after that. Cross-examined by Mr. -Walsh for the defendants—Did not tell the band not to play' passing the Castle, as, ph , account oi'thfe mourning,' ho bands werepla;' ~ in the castle, pa one oceasionhe. Mr. Judge, the leader; of the band, not to play, and they did not play; isome of the tram-cars wereonthe aiding®; witness never recollected before on St. .Patrick's Eve a ,band playing, butinetthem'frequentlvon Patrick's Bay.' 'Mr.-Woodlook^I remember; on 6neocCasipn, : when Xtatffed inTtorife-^tj^t/^forrfb'ciloit, in^he morning being "vroke out';ipf iayi slBepby a .^by^^d of bufimtiss.' J ' Mir. 'WaUfo—I' Tibpe would notinfluenceyp^r jufjgqugtf WW-' C^^^ppU^^^idgnpe was.- giwsn^aad) brating a time-honoured' ©ustetn. > Onto of the bandsmen stated 4fcey were inthe habit of playing in the street on theaiimveraaryofSt.Patrick for *fche last feeteii ! yMra. Mr. WaWhreferrfed tdthe'faitthiit alargemiUtafry vi^iv^i- ana aeyeral other cerembtifejj jbWseflsimilar n_ pbitra'ciipns^and i'it. they / ' .wjftre Lii'x btfcitpsecutea. Sfi-. ^^e^spnaaiq'tnesp . e W not iitherto been ihierierpd With, when they.had gpW at. reasonable " pura into the a^urbia, but lie askedthe ench to say that, these ;men should not select the narrow streets of the.oity in the middle: of the night,, and cause a complete obstruction, and that such a nuisance should not be tolerated. Mr. Woodlook said heinust hold that the bandsmen going through the street taunt have known that they had three" or four hundred persons at their tail, and that it was likely to cause considerable obstruction. It was not much.of a moral offence, but it caused a nuisance, and the defendants should,be more thoughtful of other persons. He had seen in the newspapers persons whom no one would have expected had found fault with bands playing. He fined them each 10s. for the obstruction in George's-street, and would allow the other cases to stand over. abstain from a work of charity any more than the •wife of our estimable Catholic Lord Chancellor f In plain truth, his Grace the Arohbiflbop does not like the Land League or Mr. Parneil, and that is the whole etoiy. No one, certainly no Catholic, will deny him the light to hold the political views he honestly deems the best, but Catholics like myself have a right to complain when he allows his political prejudices to go so far as to cnielly wound and utterly misrepresent our sisters and wires. _ It is a.fair opinion to hold that women are, nnless under very exceptional oircumstances indeed, out of plaoe on what we call " the _ ubljo platform." That has ever been my opinion. But I will tell his Grace what gome of us, as Catholic parents, have learned to regard as even more trying than the committee rooms of the Ladies' Land League for our daughters, and that is the public parade of them in crowded bazaars, day and evening, obliged to accost and attract the fancy fair patronage of utter strangers. This is an ordeal our wives and daughters cheerfully undergo in the cause of charity. Those who look sourly on the objects of those bazaars—who dislike our churches, our orphanages, our schools—may see, or fancy they see, dreadful laok of modesty, sad want of sacred retirement, in all this. _ Yet how far from justice would such a judgment be! I can especially speak, and am, in fact, bound and called upon to speak, for at least one of those ladies touched by the monstrous imputations of Dr. M'Cabe. I can truly say that to her the ideas his Grace would attribute to her are odious and repulsive; that, shrinking sensitively in ordinary cases from even the slightest publicity, she has, purely and exclusively in the spirit of Christian charity, allied with love of country, given her humble aid to the work of the Ladies' Jjtnd League; that is to say, solely to relieving the wives and children of evicted or imprisoned Irish peasants. Knowing, as I do, her every thought and motive in this matter, I know how utterly unfounded and indefensible are the imputations contained in the Arohbishop's letter, and I feel I should be unworthy of my position if I failed to repel them with all the force and indignation I may UBB, dealing with an utterance of his Grace the Most Rev. Dr. M'Cabe.—Yours very truly, A. M. SULLIVAN. THE ARCHBISHOP OF CASHEL ON DB. M'CABE'S PASTORAL. The Freeman of Thursday has the following:— We have received for publication the following letter, which has been addressed to Mr. A. M. Sullivan, M.P., by his Grace the Archbishop of Cashel:— TO A. M. BULLRVAU, ESQ., M.P. DUBLIN, 16th March. MY DB&B; ME. SULLIVAN,—I congratulate you very heartily on the timely and, under the peculiarly provoking circumstances of the case, very temperate, and, withal, touching letter that appears over your name in this day's 'Freeman. I adopt universally the sentiments you so admirably expressed ; and I am delighted to find that someone of mark has at last stepped forward from the ranks of the laity to vindicate the character of the good Irish ladies who have become Land Leaguers, and to challenge publicly the " monstrous imputations" cast on them by the Archbishop of Dublin. His Grace will not be allowed in future, I apprehend, to use his lance so freely as he has hitherto done, or to ventilate unquestioned the peculiar political theories which he . is known to hold in opposition to the cherished convictions of the great and, . indeed, overwhelming majority of the Irish priests and people. It is a satisfaction, however, to feel that his Grace's political likings or dislikings, . though possibly of some consequence elsewhere, carry with them very little weight or significance, exoept with a select few in Ireland. 1 remain, my dear Mr. Sullivan, your very faithful servant, +.T. W. CHOKE, Archbishop of Cashel. THE LADIES' NATIONAL LAND LEAGUE. The Freeman of Saturday, 19th March, •eays:— Yesterday a meeting of the Ladies' Irish National Land League was held at the office, 39 'Upper Sackville-street. There was a large attendance, and several new members were enrolled. The secretary read a report, in which subscriptions to the amount of £137 "14B. were acknowledged since last meeting, and which stated that 46 fresh evictions had been brought under the notice of the League, 'besides threats of 84 intended evictions. The following resolution w£s passed: "That " whiereas this meeting has been informed that ' Mr. Moore, of Moore Hall, Arra, oounty IMtayjo, intends to evict 45 families, including I persons, we hereby protest against ''Jmffijj^i Hot of inhumanity, and request the !Fr$n<m's Journal to give publicity to this J J iMolution." * A vote of thanks was passed ! " -' jbls Grace the Archbishop of Caaheland " .A. M. Sullivan, M.P., forthsir defence . „ A vote :of • thanks was. als6 P passed |o jthe frienflswho have, oolleptedand i- the use of the prisoners. I'^fmeetipigthaitcparated. ' . v; mss " SU8P&CXS; " IK KTI.MAINHAM, ; > itgias jwiaoneri Kilmrittlifcm have by in imfofer 'eif ^endi. ^k 'Wremiat^ Preferring the governor down, protest against its being represented that Kilmainham is an Arcadia, and that a moderately liberal dietary compensates for the confinement within Btone walls and the dreadful monotonous prison routine. At eight o'clock every evening the gas is turned out, and from, that hour until seven o'clock next morning the prisoners are confined to their cells. la Mr. Boyton's case a bilious attack has prevented him from sleeping until after midnight on many evenings. Mr. Nally complains that the bands have started him from his sleep on one or two occasions. The Ladies' Land League have earned the gratitude of all the prisoners by their thoughtful consideration, though some games which have been reported as sent to them have not yet been received. Mr. Boyton has received information that a Government inspector has, apparently without any authority, searched his house at Kildare, where he, as a mining engineer, has a large laboratory, with some valuable electrical and explosive appliances. He does not know what has been confiscated by the Government, and cannot conceive the motive for this outrage. The American Consul, the Hon. B. H. Burrowes, had an interview of an hour's duration with Mr. Boyton on Thursday, for the purpose of obtaining full information from him on the alien question. All the prisoners, being Catholics, had fish for their dinner yesterday, with a pint of stout or beer. Two of them, who are teetotallers, had a couple of oranges in place of the stout or beer. " BETAKING POSSESSION." The Freeman correspondent gives the following report of a case heard at the recent Ardrahan sessions. Writing on Monday, he says :-rv-\ At the sessions held here to-day, Michael Fallon, farmer, Moneen, was charged by Mr. A. Fersse, Roxborough, with taking forcible possession of a house and land at Moneen, from which he was evicted by Mr. Fersse on the 10th of November last. During the day great excitement prevailed in the village. A number of Land Leaguers gathered in front of the court house and cheered. Mr. Franks, E.M., Gort, and S. Taylor, Esq., presided. Mr. Persse swore—I live in Roxborough. I am an agent to Mr. Persse, who owns the lands of Moneen. I evicted Fallon from the lands at Moneen on the 10th of last November for non- payment of rent. I have the sheriff's order (produced). After Fallon's wife and family were evicted the man put a padlock on the door and gave me the key. Fallon then entered the workhouse. I came back in three days after and found Fallon and his family in possession of the house. I can't say how he got there. Mr. Franks (to Fallon)—Why did you enter the house ? Because I was unjustly evicted, and I have a right to the land as long as I pay a fair rent. Who put you into the house ? How did you get there P No one put me in. I went in by the same way I was put out—by the door. What right had you to go back? A good right. Do you think I was to allow myself and my helpless children to die beside the ditch while I pay Griffith's valuation ? Did you cultivate the land since you got back ? I did, and will die in the house where I was horn sooner than leave it. I must send you to gaol if you don't give up possession. You can do that if you like. It is nothing strange now to go to gaol; but still, you see, no matter whether you Send me or not, I won't give up possession. The landlords think, because they can send us to gaol, they can buUv us into submission. That day is passed. you break the look ? No, sir; I was in the workhouse-when the lock was broken. The police saw the lock broken. I now tell you, Fallon, for the last time, if you don't give up possession'I will send you to gaol. I tell you, sir, you can do as you like. I won't leave under any circumstances. I am willing to pay a-fair rent, but am in such a poor state that I aan't pay the rent at present; but a friend will pay it for me sooner than see myself and my family flung on the roadside to die. Mr. Franks to Mr. Shaw—What are we to do with this man? I think it is a mistake to bring on this oase. Fine him. . Mr. Franks—I must now fine you or send you to gaol. Are you ahle to pay a fine? You could hang me for a shilling, so you can do your worst, and -send me to gaol* hut I'll come out victorious in the end in spite of landlord tyranny. month to „ . . j „ . the end. Willy ougive me time for. a.,week togetthefeef '..,'. .':," No time for Land Leaguers—you must go to. gaol. , , After further remarks from the bench and Fallon, the latter was removed to j&e; police station. •, '.' / ^ As soon as the deoisioh was made known outside, some members of the Lund .League paid the-fine, fmd Fallon, on leaving the police station, was loudly iheered. ... i,.- . : _ . In the evening Gallon ^M' psoqrisd t^hifl residence flUtfd . greaj; !PaimeUandjuhie Laiid ~ heai^ng^fTtius ouean orMmsersirp^ Xipng—, T—^ in The British > farliameat 'hM - given Ireland -the>• second • .i itutdiaenV"*! coercion. ®ie Arma the measure. On Thursday week it passed through committee, without, of course, any amendments being moved. On Friday, Earl Spenoer formally moved the third reading, upon which Lord Dansany took occasion to pass a censure on the Government for not arresting the leaders of the Land League, and for not treating the Kilmainham prisoners more harshly than they are now being treated. Lord Dunraven took advantage of the opportunity to say that trial by jury in Ireland had failed, and that it was & mistaken kindness on the part of England to continue the system. After these expressions of lordly regard for Ireland the bill waB read a third time. On Monday the royal assent was given by commission to the measure, and Ireland for five years is now to know the blessings of another ArmB Act. Kilmainham is still receiving " suspects." The Irish executive are continuing the arrests which they commenced last week (says the Nation of 19thMaroh) with the hope that the imprisonment of some few Irishmen for eighteen months will break the spirit of the Irish race and destroy the organisation that has done so much already for the Irish farmer. In the second edition of our last issue we gave the names of the latest arrests up to that time. Since then the authorities have seen fit to "reasonably suspect" Mr. Jeremiah Downing, a respectable shopkeeper and farmer of Castletownbere; Mr. Timothy Connor Brosnan, the secretary of the Castleisland Land League; Mr. Edward Slevin, land -Stewart, of Thomastown, Hollymount, county Mayo; Mr. Martin Hogan, vice-president of the Ratbkeale (Limerick) Land League ; and Mr. P. J. Sheridan, the active and able organiser of the Land League, who was one of the traversers in the recent State trials. Further arrests are expected as we write, and, as a sign of the times, the statement may be noted that ordinary prisoners are being removed from Richmond, and that the cells there are beiDg boarded for the reception, so it is anticipated, of the men arrested under the Coercion Act. For the present (says the Nation of 26th March) the Irish Executive seem satisfied with the number of arrests that have been made under the Coercion Act. No further " suspects" have been lodged in Kilmainham, the total number now being confined there reaching thirty-two. During the week the prisoners have been visited daily either by personal friends or by prominent members of the Land League. Mr. D. O'Connor, who is one of the " suspects," was conveyed from Dublin on Thursday week to give evidence in a case at the Mayo assizes, and he has since been brought back. The Irish people -have had a fair sample shown to them during the week of the "merciful provision" that has been made by the Government for the families of those who have been "reasonably suspected" by the authorities in Dublin Castle. On Saturday last Mrs. Daly, of Crossmolina, in the Ballina union, wife of one of the prisoners in Kilmainham, applied for out-door relief for herself and five children, the youngest being only one month old. One of the guardians suggested that da. per week should be granted, but economy, or something else, prevented a larger sum than 3s. 6d. per week from being allowed. "Merciful provision" in this case amounted to the magnificent sum of one penny per day for each of the family. And. yet there are some people who hold that there iB no need for a Land League to assist the victims of coercion. At the Land League meeting on Tuesday, Mr. Thomas Brennan announced that Mrs. Daly and her .family would be amply provided for, and in the same way the families of other, prisoners would be cared for wherever it might be necessary. FILLING THE GAPS. The Irish Times says:— The Castleisland Land League has appointed the Rev. Arthur Murphy, Catholic curate, president, in place of Mr. Kenny, who was arrested under the Coercion Act. Guardians have also been appointed to look after Kenny's wife and chUdren duririg his incarceration. • The Freeman prints the following letter, as having »i>een sent to the secretary of the Loughlea LandLeagae, on the news reaohing Kiltulla that Mr. Martin O'-Hallorkn, secretary of the Kiltulla Land League, had been arrested:— /'•' Kiltnlia, 8th March, 1881. DKAB Sm,-^TAYING gust .heard of the arcest>of Mr. O'Halloran, our fearless and Jti&itexwted; local aeoretary, and, belie vine ^lAWia fllA Hmn t» IWIM ainuJl ' ,« ' uueroum. we Bhallttonttane in'the patti of duty, anithe touuemnst^o!on,aniid joy.;andweJ,:^T.* we,«wfl» our isle a aationireeand l^sareSrelaad !-Toors, da.* T. DOLAH. MB. BOYTON'FL AMERICAN OMZEJRETRR^ The Freeman of Saturdav^l^- Daring the day the Hon". BMj'amin IT Barrows, American Consul at Dubfin^LS Mr. Boyton at Kilmainham g ^ l ^ X down in writing the particulaS, of C ^ . and his nationality. When leZnTIf promised to despatch a report on theTuW The Irish Times of Monday says The Government have, we understand „„ objection to the release of Michael BOJC from Kilmainham if he will consent at to leave the country. It is said that a qS intimation was before conveyed him that W. stirring up a social strife at Land Lea«Z meetings was incompatible with the riifhtsof an alien who was merely a guest within these shores, and that the authorities would be rind to facilitate his departure in every wav if he would consent to go. It was only after these offers proved ineffectual that the Government were obliged to interfere and restrain him from doing further mischief. The Irish Times of Wednesday says Last night Mr. Patrick Joseph Sheridan one of the traversers in the recent abortive State trials, also a prominent member of the Land League, and one of its active organisers was, by virtue of the provisions of the Coer' cion Act, incarcerated in Kilmainham gaol with the twenty-nine other "suspects." Mr. Sheridan was in Dublin on Monday, and left by the night mail for his home at Tubbercurry, county Sligo, in the full expectation of arrest. He rightly judged the situation for he had only been a few hours with his family when he was, on yesterday morning taken into custody. The Evening Telegraph of Tuesday says :— John O'Kane was arrested this morning at Parranes under the Coercion Act. He had been absent from home since the passine of 6 the Act.| A PBIS0NER NOMINATED A P.L.G. Wednesday's papers say:— Daniel O'Connor, one of the prisoners arrested under the Coercion Act, has been nominated as a guardian in the Claremorrij Union. HOW IRELAND ANSWERS COERCION. The correspondent of the Cork Examiner, writing from Castleisland on Wednesday week, says :—" One of the most imposing demonstrations recorded in connection with the Land League took place here to- day. Four hundred men, with spades, shovels, and pikes, gathered on the farm of Mr. P. D. Kenny, P.L.G., president of the Castleisland League, who was imprisoned a fortnight since under the Coercion Act. This body of men, with one hundred horses, worked together on a ten-acre field. Some horses were carting the manure from the farmyard, while twenty ploughs and ten harrows worked steadily in the field. The men working had each gang under a steward; thus the work of several days was accomplished in a few hours. At one o'clock p.m. the work was finished, and the men, refusing to take any nourishment, formed into a procession. First came the Revs. A. Murphy, C.C., and D. M'Gillicuddy, C.C., in a car, followed by four hundred farmers and labourers, three deep, bearing the various implements of labour with which they worked; then came one hundred horses and carts, with ploughs and harrows, each cart being decorated with green branches. In this order the procession proceeded to Castleisland, a distance of a mile, through the town by the market-place. Cheer after cheer rent the air as the procession passed. Having halted in front of the Land League rooms, the people were addressed from the windows by the Bev. A. Murphy, G.C., president. He said— ' My friends, on the part of Mr. Kenny and the Land League I thank you very rnnch. You have done good work today^—a work which you will feel proud of all your lives—(cheers)—a work which your children will point back to with pride. To-day you have sown the Land League seeds, and when they have grown into maturity be sure and hold the harvest. (Great cheering.) When Mr. Kenny will read to-day's proceedings it will cheer him in his lonely cell. My heart fills with joy when I see before me such a splendid body of brave men, with willing hearts and strong arms, ever willing to use themina just cause.' (Cheers.) Bev. D. M'Gillicuddy also thanked the people at some length, after which he advised them to go to. their respective homeB, which they did,,cheering for the Land League and Mr. Kenny." RUFFIANLY CONDUCT OF ENGLISH SOLDIERS. The correspondent of the Daily Express, writing from Dungarvan on last Saturday. says:— , < At the Dungarvan petty sessions court today, informations were sworn against .severs! men of the 37th Begiment, who committed assaults lipon several of the townspeople bit snghfcj one; of whom—a girl .Aged twelW/ named Hayes—lies dangerously hurt, and a gentlemannamed O'Farrell narrowly«ecapei being .killed. Jflrom this gentleman's evidence it appeaw thafciseveralsoldiere took off their waist- belts, and, without ttw slightest provocation, rushed through: the streets; striking indiscriminately with their belts at the towns- 