AT THE LAND-OFFICE, GUNNING, On Wednesday, 11th May. .COUNTRY LOTS. Lot A, 110 acres, county King, parish Dalton, on the road from Gunning to Dal ton, lying between James Browne's con ditional purchase portion No. 276 of 401 acres and S. Brown's conditional purchase portion No. 229 of 40 acres. Lot B, 10 acres 30 perches, county King, parish Dixon, lying between the road from Gundaroo to Gunning and the west bound. ary of G. Reynolds' portion No. 6 of 80 acres. Lot 0, 80 acres, county King, parish Mundoonen, adjacent to the west bound aries of M. Hately's conditional purchase portion No. 148 of 40 acres, and R. Hately's conditional purchase portion No. 142 of 40 acres. Lots D and E 40 acres each, lot F 70 acres, county King, parish Narrawa, on and near the right bank of Narrawa Creek, and adjoining the west and south boundaries of W. Dodd's conditional purchase portion No. 22, and the north boundary of G. Pin ning's conditional purchase portion No. 87, each of 40 acres. Lot G, 88 acres 1 rood, county Ifiug, parish Rabnor, on the right bank of Pres ton's Creek, and lying between it and the road from Boorowa to Gunning, and partly surrounding J. T. Preston's portion No. 4 of 88 acres. Upset price, £1 5/- per acre. A GooD Wonat.-The recently-published report of the Now South Wales Zoological Society shows much progress in the work of naturalising game and song birds and of introducing the salmon, trout, and perch into the rivers and streams of New South Wales. Ill fact the application for birds, salmon and trout ova, are so numerous that the society would require treble its present income to meet the demands made upon it for birds only. Every true Australian sportsman must fool indebted to the society for their unwearying efforts at increasing the variety of fish and game in tb:iI country, where there exist such abundant facilities for so doing. The report is full of interesting information respecting the introduction of the trout into our rivers and streams, and it is stated that from the liberal manner in which funds are being provided there is every probability of the rivers and streams of Now South Wales being well stocked in a few years with this most delicious fish. The society on the 23rd of October last received from Mr. Livingstone of the United States fish commission 50,000 salmon ovai; these were allotted to Mr. Andrew Brown, the most successful pisciculturist in the colony. But unfortunately, owing to defective or bad packing and the very severe shaking the ova received from the oscillation of the train in going up the mountains, the ova were all more or less crushed, and consequently destroyed. This was a great disappointment, as Captain Chevalier's report to the committee on the state of the ova when it arrived in Sydney was that every care had booeen taken of the packages whilst in the ice-room of the Zealandia, and that they were lauded in fair condition. As illustrating the difliculties encountered by Mr. Brown in connexion with his piscicultural labours, it may be mentioned that on the 20th August the committee received a letter from SMr. Andrew Brown in reference to some trout ova from Tasmania placed at his disposal, and stating that he had erected the necessary breeding- boxes for trout and salmon ova ; a letter of the same date was also received from Mr. Andrew Brown, reporting that "he had just discovered, to his great annoyance, that a large number of fish had been destroyed in his pond and stream, including eels and other fish, besides a trout, which he intended to forward to the society, in order to show how successful he had been in breeding from the ova, and also that he might gain their sympathy in the loss he had sustained. The fish had been poisoned, he believed, from the discharge into the water of noxious matters from works higher up the stream. He hoped to get this vile nuisance abated; but if there was any doubt of his being able to do so, lie intended to remove the ova to a separate stream three miles distant." The trout alluded to when received by the society weighed 4 lbs., and measured 2 feet 1~ inches long. It has been presented by the society to the Aus tralian museum. Mr. Andrew Brown fur ther reported, on the 12th October, "that the trout were making appearance in the hatching-box, not in great numbers, but sufficient to show that the evil poison had gone out of the stream." On the 2nd December Mr. Andrew Brown informed the committee " that he had that day successfully carried thirteen young trout to a stream about three miles from Bowonfels, and that he had a few, but not many, in the breeding-box, where they would be kept a little longer." Such gentlemen as SMr. Walter Bradley, to whose disinterested exertions the society owes so much of its usefulness, must ex perience considerable pleasure at its con tinued success. iMr. Bradley remarked at the annual meeting that the members had very great reason to congratulate them selves upon the result of their various ex periments. The song-birds had done well in every part of the country to which they had been sent, and the fish that they had distributed had been successfutl. He had no doubt that when they had larger means at their command, they could successfully introduce salmon, trout, perch, and other fish into our inland streams. Those gentle men who had some interest in the country would then have the gratification of knowing that there was sport to be had here, and they need not scarch for it in other coun tries. Mr. Bradley is a true sportsman, one of a class which can never become too numerous. Hamlet did not believe in ghosts till that of his fither spoke. It is the proper way to treat ghosts. Make them tell who and what they are and show their credentials. A now verb has appeared in Bloomington, Ill. A paper there speaks of a convivial citizen who was " shuttered " home. 