OUB AMUSEMENTS. "Have a care of your entertainments."— Siiakespbre. Theatre Royal. "School," on the playground and in the class-room, is capital fun at the Royal. Queen's Theatre. Thfi hnncrrv fl.nd hl<inrlt.hir«f.r monf. ixri+.h Viiq " Voa fit fnm ' the bewitching and fascinating little Jack ; the humorous old Dame Dimple ; the amusing rascals, Antifat and Grosserboi, with their attendent fairies, amazons, kings, queens, princes, and prin cesses, havetaken their departure, andtheplaceihereof shall know them no more. Farewell, one and all, says Mr. Punch, andmay the Christmas of 1881 see you all back again to once more amuse and delight us. To-morrow (Saturday) will be produced a drama of a highly startling and sensational nature, founded on the working of a society that sprung into existence on the establishment of the Mormon Church in Salt Lake City. The plot turns on the scheming of the terrible Destroying Angels commissioned by Brigliam Young, and known as " The Danites." Having for their object bloodshed and rapine, these ruthless fanatics carried out the orders of their High Priest, Brigham Young — the man of many wives — one of whose mildest actions was the instigation of the celebrated Mountain Meadow Massacre. Mr. Punch has "no sympathy with Secret Societies that have for their motto assassination, and for their weapons treachery, cowardice, and cunning ; but, like the stories of the dread three of Venice, such horrors, when they belong to the past, possess an interest fascinating though terrible ; and the insight to be gained into the working of the " Danites " will be attractive to many. The drama is well written, the scenes powerfully worked out, and the denoummt satisfactory. With the strong cast that made the per formance such a creditable one in Melbourne, the new drama should prove highly successful in Sydney. Gaiety Theatre. Mr. Punch would like to ask his old friend Mr. Marshall when he's going to stop astonishing the public. It's not fair or Christian like, Marshall ! and blighted affections, measles, tight boots, or pecuniary embarassment are as nothing when compared with the disappoint ment of those who nightly murmur curses, not loud, but deep, at the Gaiety not being three times its size, so as to let everyone in who wishes to see you. And who can wonder ? for the masterly perform ance of "The Deal Boatman" is one of the cleverest and most genuine pieces of acting seen for many a year in this city. Like a glowing landscape placed on the canvas by the skill of the artist, the picture of Jacob Vance is charming in its rich colouring, delicate shading, and bold treatment. Rare in its humour, touching in its pathos, terrible in its anger and suffering, the portrait of the old fisherman, as depicted by Mr. Marshall, in turns convulsed the audi ence with laughter, and moved them to tears ; and the ovation accorded him at the conclusion of each act was a fitting recognition of his power to sway the feelings of a large number of fellow-creatures. Miss Marion Melrose also rose to a high standard of excellence by her touching and beautiful conception of the part of the fisherman's idolized child. The character is one that requires a very finished style of acting, quiet and subdued, yet dashed with a vein of the all- absorbing passion of love in its struggle against duty, and was very effectively carried out by Miss Melrose. The remainder of the caste was made with great judgment, with two tri fling exceptions. "The Old Story" is cleverly told by Byron, and the amusing character of Waverley Brown affords an op portunity for Mr. Marshall to delight his audience with his lighter and more familiar style of light comedy acting. Mr. Emmett, as Thompson, from town, achieved a success by his cool matter of fact way of overcoming difficulties, and his make up was one of the most perfect things of its kind Mr. Punch has witnessed for some time. By the aid of the " Deal Boatman" the treasurer at the Gaiety will be able to tell "The Old Story" for a long time to come. Opera House. Mr. Punch hears more with sorrow than surprise that the popular comedian Mr. James South has not met with success at the Opera House, and is about to turn his attention to other ventures. An array of empty seats is very pleasant when one's travelling in a railway carriage with his sweetheart ; but not much so when you have put on new pieces at a theatre and want to pay your Company the compliment of a glance at the " ghost." Thomson's Zulu War. Wars have been from time immemorial, and the very best cannot now ante-date their discontinuance. But to historians aud to heroes must belong the glory and prestige of such human and (according to some theorists) humanitarian slaughter. Mr. W H. Thompson is, in this case, both hero and historian — he has seen, endured, known, and described. On Monday next his panorama of the Zulu war will be presented again for public approval ; and Mr. Punch, who has good ideas on things in general, and especially on those effected by the theory and practice of " wheels within wheels," predicts unlimited success to the School of Arts season. Strauss Band. j The appearance of this powerful band of musicians at the old ! Exhibition has created quite a furore in musical circles, and tbe j attendauce has been very large, Mr. Punch only reiterates public , opinion when he states that nothing approaching such a mnsical j treat has been heard in the Colony before. Every musician is an j artist, and plays about a thousand instruments with cousuinate skill, | and when you see forty or fifty men of such genius all hlowiug together, j you feel inclined to lay down and die — but don't. Life's too pleasant j to part with easily whilst the Strauss Baud is in Sydney. j 