THE STORY-TELLER WOMEN ARE STRANGE. By F. W. BOBINSON, AUTHOS OF V GBAKDJCOTHKB'S WORST," " POOE zbpd," etc. CHAPTER XYIH. CONVALESCENT. The reader will thank us for not dwelling too long over the details of Clara DarreU's illness. Suffice it to eay that it was sharp and dangerous, but not a protracted malady, although getting back the strength was a pro cess somewhat difficult of accomplishment for Dr. Lambertson, who had once more taken the complete charge of his patient. Before a week had elapsed Clara Darrell was allowed to sit up in her room and see, for a few minntes at a time, those friends who had been solicitous concerning her ; and here at stated intervals and stated hoars there filed in, one by one, those in whom she was in terested — whom she had loved, or feared, or, distrusted, as the case might be— and all of whom were anxious to see her. They were the elements of her life, and had had their influence upon it foi better or worse ; and in the early days of her convalescence, and in her great weakness accompanying it, she regarded them with a faint interest as one might have done characters in a book or play, and hardly as if they were part and parcel of her world stilL As her strength came slowly back her interest in them became more acute, the complications of the position began to reassert themselves upon her mind and trouble it, and the old worries rose again like ghosts that could not rest in their graves. It was her father whom she saw first, and greeted with a sad smile. He was very humble and con trite, and nervous with fifty warnings from the doctor to recollect. He stopped only a few moments daring the first interview, and seemed eager to oe gone as soon as ne naa stepped into the room. Don't fret about anything, my child — don't think I am opposed to anything,' he said very hurriedly. ' You can do exactly as yoU like.' ' I can return to the stage, then ?' she asked in mild surprise. ' If yon ware strong enough to. be Colum bine in tbe pantomime this evening at Drory Lane, I should not object, he said. 1 Only to see yon strong again, Clara, is all I care about.' You are very kind, dear dad,' answered his daughter. It. has been all my doings,' he added ; 1 have been a perfect brute. I did not consider anything.' Ah ! yes — you did, she said. I have only myself to blame for acting rashly and selfishly, and forgetting you. You are still at the hotel? I am staying here. ' Staying — in this house ?' inquired Clara, wonderingly. Yes, my dear. I bribed the landlady down stairs to vacate the parlours, where X am ex tremely comfortable, where Don't yon feel so well ?' he asked, as his daughter stared at him intently and changed colour suddenly. 1 Yes — yes ! I am just the same,' cried Clara ; but I am trying to remember something.' 'Don't try to do anything half so ridicu lous,' implored the Colonel. ' There, good-bye for the present. I am wearying you. I'll send Mrs. MacAlister upstairs, shall I?' ' If you will, please,' was the slow reply. After Mrs. MacAlister had seen Clara, and assured her there was not much chance of a meeting between husband and wife, with the wife a prisoner to one room: at the top of tfce house, Clara rested in peace for that day. On the following morning Mr. Harvey Grange, without a word of opposition from Colonel Darrell- whose permission had been most graciously accorded — was allowed to see Clara for exactly ten minutes by the Colonel'|i big chronometer. Colonel Darrell waited for him to descend, and asked him into the .front par lour. ' You will understand, Mr. Archstone,' said the Colonel, 'that I have made no concessions — no promises — no anything— by having per mitted this interview between you and my daughter. I will take it for granted that you are attached to my child, and I — I don't want to be the implacable father of the play.' Ah ! bnt the implacable father always says, ' Bless you, my children !" at tbe end of the The proprietors of " The Wekij Times » l.ayo purchased the side right of publishing this tote w V YktorU. piece, if you remember, jOolonel/ said Ernest Archstone quietly and ggestively. i I don't remember anything about the play house. I haven's heed inside a theatre, for— oh! yes, I have, he eaid, reooff ecting his visit to the Gwynne ; 'but I haven't sat a play out for many long years.' ; a wish you would come and see me m the new piece. I should be glad of your opinion, Colonel.' 't ' What good would it do you? And what's . my opinion worth to anybody ?' asked the Colonel. , There's a difference of opinion in the Press as to whether J am a great actor or can really act at all, said young Archstone, shrugging bis shoulders. ' And you, coming fresh from India, as it were, would regard the whole matter impartially, and let me "know my self." It is not as if you were a novice in dramatic circles — your old love and study of the stage would be of benefit to me.' 'How do yon know? Who the devil has told you that I ever cared fpr anything of the kind"?' cried the Colonel. "Surely Clara— — Mrs. MacAlister was my informant, Mr. Archstone said. 1 Only yesterday she said she could remember your passion for theatri cal society — your intense interest in anything and everything that appertained to ui. ' She said that ?' ' Yes.' ' She knows too much, then,' remarked the. Colonel sullenly. Ernest Archstone was extremely anxious to please the Colonel, and he saw with dismay that the officer's face was shadowing, and his brow taking ugly furrows into it. ' I am aware that you have turned against us now, Colonel Darrell, he said very quickly, that your prejudice against the actor extends now to a dislike of him who acts. Forgive my alluding to the theatre at all.' 'Say no more about it, sir,' said the Colonel, very thoughtful still and not think ing of ' Harvey Graige. My own father is the same, continued the actor. 'I should have known that there is no one more bitter against the playhouse than he who has given it up for good. But is it just ?' 'I do not want to argue the point, Mr. Archstone — I am not thinking about it,' said the Colonel. My father married an actress — a Spanish lady — when he was in" the States many years ago. And yet he does not understand my passion for the great art I love so well,' said Ernest. ' Your father married an actress ?' ' Yes. ' When he was very young, I suppose ?' Not very young.' And your mother — where is she ?' ' Dead V You are quite sure of that ?' Young Archstone looked very much astonished — for an instant there flitted across his mind the suspicion that Colonel Darrell might not be quite right in his head. My mother died some seven years since,' he answered. ' You remember her, then ? ' Perfectly— she was a good mother. My father has not been happy since her death,' he added. ' He has had no reason to regret marrying an actress — she was always a good and faithful wife to him.' ' She left the stage when she was married, . I suppose?' ' Yes.' ' Ah ! Good morning, Mr. Archstone.' ' I may see Clara again ?T 'Yes — presently, \ answered the Colonel; ' but don't come round half a dozen times a day, unless you wish to arouse my active opposition. And — tell your father you are coming.' " ' Certainly.' I don't want him to think damn it! and, without waiting to explain the reason for this burst of profanity, Colonel Darrell darted into his front parlour and shut the door behind him; whilst Harvey Grange, backing in dismay; plumped upon the feet of Mr. Splatterdash, who also burst into bad language on the spur of the moment, and before he could muster up a sickly smile of recognition. ' Oh ! is that you, Splatterdash ? . I hope I haven't hurt .you,' said young Archstone, politely. ' All right, sir — I'll be back in a minute,' was the reply of a short, foxy individual in shabby garments and a brand-new hat, as he leaned against the door and rubbed his left foot with his hand. No one shall say after this that you're a light comedmn, Mr. Grange. Ha 1 ha ! See ?' Yes— I see the joke, such aa it is,' an swered the actor. 'It is not a nice time for a joke,' said Splatterdash with a heavy sigh, ' for I believe that benefit of mine will bring me to an early grave.' What's the matter now ?' P 'What's the matter?' exclaimed Splatter dash, jumping about the doorstep now in his excitement ; ' hanged if old Moses does not want the money for his gas before be me the house at all — and his own wsn are to be in the pay-boxes — and God knows what. Ah ! when a man's down, keep him -down — that's the rule, sir. Stamp on him — stamp bim out— bowl him over. He's been the sup port of half the theatrical world in his time, but never mind that ; he's done more for the education of the people in the higViAr class of drama than any man who has iiexistcd yet; he's done wonders for them — but he's down, sir, Derry-down — very down, I should say.' Mr. Splatterdash had been in the public- house line before speculating in theatres, aud had been always ignorant, and fussy, and boastful, but it was only of late days that he had become maudlin, and a chronic nuisance at the bars of tbe various Strand restaurants, where myriads of his friends and acquaint ances strove vainly slake their thirsts — aud his — between the hours of three and five p.m. He was a man whom in the days of prosperity and many theatres, Ernest Arch stone had hot known, but for all that he was enrolled for the man's benefit, and had pro mised to play Borneo to Mies Galveston's Juliet in the balcony scenes— possibly as much for his own" pleasure as for the. satisfaction of Spiatterdato's committee and Splatterdash. Ernest was anxious to get away, and even to \ get his companion away before -toe Colonel j humd his maunderings. > I 'How's Miss Galveston toismorniDg?' ' KplftflfardArii r ' «ptMgnly and eagerty. Will Mis ptayfor met Is there theghost of a chanoe of her keeping her promise V t I can't say. Bnt she's better.' ' There's? a clear three weeks— sbe ought to pull round— aitybody Can pull round in three, weeks/ said Splatterdash ; ' bht if sire don't I rely npon you, Grange, just the same.' > ' I shall not play if she declines/ was the reply. 'There's not another Juliet on toe stage, and'— - Oh ! good gracious 1 Look here, Grange,' cried Splatterdash, bursting into tears, 'you'll never throw a fellow over, too?' ' You shall not lose by my absence — but'-r- Gome and have a drink, and let us talk it over.' Yes— let ns talk it over.' And away went Mr. Splatterdash and ' Har vey Grange' arm-in-arm, with the bronze features of Colonel Darrell glowering over the wire blind at them. Who's the bid boy in the front parlour ? asked Splatterdash, as toe actor raised his hat. ' Colonel Darrell.' ' By George, so it is — I should not have known him.' ' You knew him once, then ?' Oh ! yes — I should think I did. And he's Clara Galveston's father, too,' he added. Why, she'll never act fcr me now ! It's all up. I think, Grange, I shall drown myself this evening, if you'll not mention it to any body at present.' Kely upon my discretion.' Thank you. And I think I'll have a nip of warm brandy now — it's a hitter day.' CHAPTER XIX. a new besolye. When Clara Darrell was pronounced out of danger she grew rapidly strong. We have already had occasion to assert there was much on her mind still, and this stood in the way of her advancement to her old health and spirits. With the return of her father to England toad followed complications and distress — each seemed to have acted for the worst, and yet each had set about it with the best intentions. What was to come of it in the end, when she teas well and strong, she did not know. Like many wiser folk than she, she did not see her way. Her visitors did her a little good — but then Kitty West minster was in high spirits again, and Ernest Archstone was allowed to see her twice a week, and this seemed a fair augury for the future had not the Colonel's face shadowed at the least hint of what might happen presently. The aunts were still at the hotel, patient and firm women, biding their time, and re£olved not to go back to Derbyshire till there was :a clear understanding between them and their niece, and she should not misjudge them auy more. Clara Darrell was not strong enough to encounter thera yet, and the old disinclina tion to face them seemed only gathering in force. She thought sometimes that she would be glad to see the lonely woman in the upstairs room once more - but she had not expressed this wish even to Mrs. MacAlister. Bnt toe wish' preyed npon her and troubled her. In the pure heart of the daughter there lay the self-reproach that she had gone disguised and unknown to her mother and had seen her at her worst. What would happen, what would be the result of telling her toe truth, and that husband and daughter were in the same house with her? Might not the mother's heart soften then ? Might not toe, Clara Darrell,' be even the means of bringing her to a better and healthier frame of mind ? At least it was the daughter's duty to attempt it before she went away fcr good. A failure it was possible it might be — a terrible and sad failure — but it would for ever be upon her conscience that she had not made, the effort should she remain supine and unacknowledged. Surely it was something more than chance wmcQ naa orougnt tnree omasa lives to gether under the same roof? — lives that should have been knit as one, and yet were as wide asunder as tbepoles. One morning she surprised, her father by reverting to the subject. He looked in after breakfast to inquire after her health before taking his usual, morning walk, and she suddenly startled him in this wise — 'You remember speaking to me of my mother, dad ? she said. Yes, my dear, and I wish I had not,' he replied ; it ' was a great mistake of mine, and added to the excitement of that un fortunate day. I am a dreadful blunderer, I am afraid/ he added, with a sigh. ' Can you tell me what became of her ?' ' I have never taken the trouble to inquire,' he answered, ' toe was not worth inquiring after, Clara. What woman is who ' In God's name, sir, remember she is my mother,' exclaimed Clara Darrell, with such sudden excitement displaying itself that the Colonel's eyes distended and his lower jaw dropped a little in his bewilderment. ' If — if all this has excited you too much/ stammered the Colonel, after a pause, ' it would have been better that I had not told you of this mother.' I am not so sure of that/ the daughter answered. 4 It is bringing a woman back from the dead-; but there — there/ seeing his daughter flinch again, '.do not let us talk of her! What is the use? ' Ah ! what is the use ?' she echoed back. But the mother was none toe less on the mind of the daughter, although dismissed as a subject for discussion for that day. 1 1 must see her again,' she said? to Mrs. MacAlister ; ' I must tell her who I am.' I don't see the necessity,' answered Mrs. MacAlister, very thoughtfully. ' She has not had a fair chance to prove she is a mother to me,' eaid Clare, ' I - would be very glad to hear her Eay toe is sorry for her past life, and for the blight she cast on his ' Your father's V asked Mrs. MacAlister. 'Yes.' 'JDon't you think in the few yearseince we have been together here toe would have said as much to me ?' No.' ' She might deceive you by a false display of sentiment — by an affectation of regret,' said" Mrs." MacAlister ; ' and you might side with the mother then in lieu of the father.' No-r-that is not likely. It would under auy circumstances be. a bad exchange,' said toe old actress, 'even under toe circumstances of her penitence.' Do you think toeu-— \- Oh IdouotOTTWB1pgteud me/ Said Mrs" bf'Alister; ' I have not tried to think Abont it < much.- '.I do not profess to have fathomed all i the deaths of your mother's character, Clara j — she is strange certainly.' ' I vrill see her again,' said Clarp; 'would not you?' I will not offer any advice on the subject,' Mrs. MacAlister answered very cautiously,' save this — take your time, and think the matter seriously over. It is an important step; and you are not strong, enough .to undertake the task yet.' ' I am not getting strong because of this uncertainty/ said Clare. ' I feel I may be an agent for good here — that something I may say or do— that she may say or do — may change the whole tenor oi her life.' 'Oryonrs? i Yea.1 ' Or your father's?' '-That may be even possible.' I will tell you one thing. You need not dream of any reconciliation between them. That would -be romance and sheer waste of time,' said Mrs. MacAlister. Clara sighed heavily. ' I do not dream of that/ Clara replied ; : but my father might say one day ' Tell her I forgive her.' Would not that Be- some con solation to her ?' ' Nothing consoles her now but 'But what?' asked Clara eagerly, as Mrs. MacAlister came to a full stop. 'But brandy and water,' was the hard reply. -f Oh 1 you are cruel — you do not like my mother — yon do not sympathise with me.' ' I am afraid of you a little/ was the evasive answer, ' and of the result of the experiment a great deal.' 'And yon would not make an effort in my place, then ?' Mrs. MacAlister thought deeply for an instant again, and then proved herself as strange a woman as her listener — as all the rest of her sex, shall we say, remembering our headline ? Yes, I would/ she answered. ' My dear, inconsistent, true-hearted old friend,' cried Clara, embracing her. In your place, because it is your duty, child/ said Mrs. MacAlister ; not that I have great faith in the experiment, and am not prepared to croak forth a few more harsh warnings.' ' I will go to her.' \- ' Yes — yes — when you are strong.' ' I am going at the first opportunity.' Mrs. MacAlister regarded her with no small dismay. She had had experience of Clara DarreU's impulses before ; toe knew how prone our heroine was to act quickly and without much heed to tbe consequences that might ensue; but she had not looked for action so thoroughly decisive in so weak a woman. My dear, you will remember it was the last interview with your mother which made you ill,' she said. \- ' This will make me strong, I am confident. I have a mission to fulfil.' And failing in it ? ' I shaU be no worse, was the reply. ' I shall have done my best, and so resigned to the result.' ' You are sure of this ?' ' Quite sure.' 'T wish I was,' said Mrs. MacAlister, dryly. ' I shaU be very brief — I shaU tell her the whole truth very plainly, and in a few words. I shall tell her when she is alone/ added Clara, meaningly. ' My dear, I would not be a party to the interview for the world,' said Mrs. MacAlister, as toe went away to reflect upon toe Galves ton experiment. She wondered when it would take place, also — probably in the evening after Clara DarreU had arranged her plans — or rehearsed, perhaps, being a born actress, some neat lime set speecn tnat snouia strike home to a heart of complex material. But Clara Darrell had no particular plan of acting in her mind and speech to make. She wanted to know the whole, truth, and to face the truth. That was all, and it was pro bable that she would pot give way again. As Mrs. MacAlister passed into the drawing-room, Clara walked slowly and quietly upstairs, astonished that her bosom did not flatter any more rapidly, and that she felt so methodical and business like over this new crisis. She did not even knock at the door of toe front room, but turned the handle of the door and entered, as if the place were home — as it might have been — and ceremony were superfluous. Mrs. Cuthbert was as she had left her last ; it was the same figure, worn and wasted and rouged, with the playbooks heaped about toe table, and the brandy-end-water within easy reach of the hand. The invalid elevated her eyebrows with surprise as her visitor came towards her. Miss Galveston,' she said, coldly and languidly ; ' dear me, I had no idea you were going to honour me this morning with a visit. Mrs. MacAlister did hot tell me anything about it/ ' I have been ill, and staying here since I saw you last/ Clara began. ' I did not know it. Mrs. MacAlister is sly, and tells me nothing of what is going on in this house. Not fever, I hope ?' toe &bked;, a little anxiously. Unless it was brain lever — no.' 4Sit down, then, Miss Galveston.' ' My name is not Galveston,' said Clara, advancing more closely to her mother. 4 1 have come to tell you- that my name is Darrell, and I am your daughter Clara !' (to bk coktikoed.) ' . MissCaling goes for the first time to view the sea at Dieppe. At her departure for home, her sister reccommeuds her to carry back some sea-water in a bottle. She goes down to the tome and fills her phial with water. " Better not fill it up. like thai, missy," said a sailor, " bekase, it being low water now, when the tide rises it'll burst your bottle." Miss Caliug, quite convinced, pours out half the water aud departs. 