SUMMARY FOR EUROPE. POLITICAL SUMMARY. The Government have made good pro- gress with their measures during the past fortnight, and the Assembly has shown every desire to further their efforts to shorten the session. Three nights were devoted to an examination of the ques- tions suggested by Sir Bryan O'Loghlen's budget, which was described in our last summary. As the Opposition had little or nothing to find fault with, the debate excited scarcely any attention, Mr. Berry discussed chiefly his own prophecies, made a year ago, and showed how largely they had been borne out by actual results. He claimed to have steered the colony into a "safe financial port." With the view to provoke a quarrel with the Legislative Council, which he appeared to fancy would pro- vide Parliament and the country with needful entertainment, he counselled the Government to combine the Amended Land Tax Bill (a permanent measure) with the bill to temporarily prolong the tobacco and beer duties. Last session the Upper House rejected Mr. Berry's amended land tax as an incomplete and still decidedly harsh proposal. The sug- gestion fell flat, and the Premier was cheered when he stated that he should not act upon it. The tobacco and beer duties must be renewed without delay, but it is not at all clear that the Govern- ment will find time to amend the land tax this session. The tax in its new form will be applied to town as well as country lands. Hitherto the former have been exempt. Mr. Murray Smith, who followed Mr. Bony, thought the late Treasurer had no great roason to boast of tho success of his budget of 1880-1, bo causo it was the only one out of four ?which had turned out oven approximately correct ; moreovor, it was only right in tlio grand total, for the rovonuo was under-estimated by him in soino re- spects and over-estimated in others. Sir John O'shanassy, who spoko just before the debate terminated, dealt principally with tho loan proposals of tho Government. It appeared to him injudicious to go to the London market for a fresh loan of £4,000,000 about the Banio time that wo should want to renew £8,000,000 worth of debentures. Sir Bryan O'Loghlen said that the two matters would be kept distinct. Tho now loan was wanted immediately ; the first series of old debentures would not expire until 1883, and the last batch did not fall duo until 1885. The Govern- ment adhered to their idea to offer the present bondholders . por cent. ? debentures at par,_ to tako the place of tho sixes now in existence as the latter mature. With the adoption of a formal vote, the debate was con- cluded. On September 30, and on iho following Tuesday, a portion of the estimates for the Chief Secretary's de- partment was voted. One of the items discussed was the salary proposed to bo allowed to the acting agent-general. It has not yet been passed. When Colonel PaBloy consented to lill the office, on the retirement of Mr Childers, the Service Government decided that the rate of payment should bo £1,500 a year, but through an ovorsight the vote was not put on tho estimates of last year, and Government this seBsion asked for £3,000, or two years' salary, but only part of the special allowance will bo required should an ngent-general bo sent home at tho close of the session. For tho promotion of their financial schemes in London, the Govern- ment will require to appoint an agent general in the course of the next throe or four montlis. Tho second reading of tho £4,000,000 Loan Bill was moved in the Legislative Assembly on Thursday by Sir Bryan O'Loghlen in a romarkably clear and well arranged Bpeech. The schedule of con- templated works is given elsewhere in tho summary. Out of the £2,732,055 pro- vided for railways, nearly £500,000 will bo required on account of lines alroady authorised, or to further equip tho Hob son's Bay Railway. The urgent works on all railways aro estimated at £278,000, ¿mt fully £1,000,000, to come out of some future loan, will bo re- quisite to bring existing lines up to the point of perfection. The frank- ness with which Sir Bryan O'Loghlen made this admission produced a favor- able impression on hon. members, who nevertheless were somewhat taken aback lo learn that so muchmonoy should be re- quired to equip lines now in UBO. The Hob Bun's Bay rolling-stock is to be thoroughly renovated, at a cost of about £80,000, por- tion of which has already been laid out. Tho permanent way is also to bo strength- ened. The total sum which will bo available out of the proposed loan for new lines will be £2,235,000, which" will con- struct about 300 miles of tho ordinary typo of railway, and about 300 miles of light lines-or so-called tramways-at a cost of £2,500 a mile. These "extra light" lines will be laid with 501b. steel rails, strong enough to carry the carriages and_ trucks now in use, but special loco- motives will have to be constructed for .them. Out of the last loan there is a sum of nearly £2,000,000 yet unexpended,and a yearand three-quarters willprobablyelapso before tho authorised lineB are finished. In the meantime it is necessary to pro- ceed with the new loan, in order that the Burveys of extensions of a pressing charac- ter may not be delayed. The loan Is to ho floated at 4 per cent. In explanation of the items for public buildings, water supply, and harbour im- provements, Sir Bryan O'Loghlen stated that the sum of £225,000, asked for the Yan Yean, will pay for tho Introduction of the waters of Silvery Creek and King Parrot Creek. The Government propose to make a good start with Sir John Coode's scheme for the improvement of ihe Gipps Land Lakos Entrance, and the execution of harbour works at Warrnam- bool and Portland. At Portland prison labour will be employed, and the £42,000 allotted to that place will thus be made to produco £80,000 worth of work. At Belfast £28,000 will be spent. A charge of 3s. per ton on all goods exported from the several ports will pay the interest on iho monoy proposed to be spent. Should a measurement rate bo found unfair in its operation, an ad valorem chargo will bo substituted. In the course of his speech, the Premier confessed that if tho Government had been awaro of the facts now within thoir knowledge they would have proposed a loan of £5,000,000, instead of £4,000,000, for the equipment of the present railways alono would require £1,000,000. A chorus of hon. members called upon the Government to ask for the extra million at once, and Sir Bryan O'Loghlon buoyed Jip their hopes for a few momonts with ino assurance that if the House wished io have the money the Government could ,n.r_.¿ resist the demand. But hon. JneniL rr_?must bo prepared to provide, out of rovonuo, the additional interest, and must give up all hopes of the aboli- tion of the duties on tobacco, boor, &c;, lor some years to come. These considera- tions checked the ardour¡¡of the country representatives. The debate on the Bccond reading of the Loan Bill will bo proceeded with to-day. A temporary loan bill, to provide for -Ho application 0£ £054,000 from the » v5'a7ioan acc°unt of 1878 and the con- solidated revenue to works of a similar character to those authorised by the Loan Act of 1878, hos been passed through all stages in the Assembly The money will be refunded from tho new loan whon floated A bill JB to bo brought in for the croa tion of inland wator supply trusts- bodies to be elected by local municipalities Government will advance thom monoy on loan for the execution of approvod schemes of water conservation, and tho trust will bo empowered to lovy rates to pay interest and cost of management The sum to bo providod for expenditure by these triiBta out of the now loan will bo £300,000 The rovenuo roturas for the quarter ended Septombor 30 are given in another portion of the summary There is an increase of £197,293 compared with the corresponding poriod of 1880, and the improvement in all branches of tho revenue referrod to by Sir Bryan O'Loghlon in his budget spooch is fully borne out A proposed new Btanding order is under the consideration of tho Assembly It has been introduced for tho purpose of putting a Btop to tho objectionable prac- tico lion members have adopted of moving tho adjournment of the House before the regular business is called on, in order to debato answers given to ques- tions by Ministers or to bring forward matters of complaint of which notice has not been given No member, unless he bo a Minister of tho Crown, is to bo allowed prior to 11 o'clock to move " that tho House do now adjourn," unless on his rising to make such motion six other members shall riso in thoir places and require the motion to bo proposed The names of such othor mombora aro to be taken down by the clerk, and entered on the Votes and Proceedings It is further provided that if the motion for adjournment be moved, the dis- cussion is to be limited to the one sub lect brought forward by the mover. 'J ho Assembly has affirmed each of the separato parts of the proposal, but the resolution, as a wholo, has yet to be agreed to The piojeot mooted in the Railway de- partment for tho abolition of periodical tickets on the Buburban railways, and the adoption of uniform fares, will bo abandoned, or greatly modified Several changes liavo boon made in the general ataff Mr Elsdon retires from tho position of general managor and engineer in chief to that of ongineer tn chief alone Mr Anderson has been gazetted general troflio manager, and the district managers aro made his assistants The board appointed to inquire into the charge of insubordination brought against Mr. R. G Ford, engineer of construc- tion, has reported againBt that officer, but recommended his caso to tho considera- tion of tho Munster, on the ground of his past services SOCIAL AND GENERAL The colony of Victoria ia still happily free from the dreaded disease of small pox, which has not yet been got under control in Sydney. One or two alarms have been raised in the country by provincial medical men "frighted with false fire,' but in each instance the sus- pected diseuse has been found to be of a harmless nature The experiments m vacci- nating with animal lymph have resulted in two successful cases out of 20 The effortB made m the Australian colonies to raise a fund to asBiBt the families who suffered through tbe recent great storm in the Shetland Islands appear to have been very successful Victoria has already Bent home £300 to relievo the distress, and another £150 is now m band ready for despatch, but it is hoped that by the time the next mail leaves this amount will be increased to £200 When this Bum has been reached, the sub- scription lists will be closed Tasmania has forwarded £200 towards the same object, and in Adelaide £00 has been promised by the South Australian Caledonian Society The subscriptions in New Zealand are expected to be larger than those of the other colonies, as there are so many people there from the Shetland Islands The annual conveisazione of the Boyal Society took place last week There were present a large number of ladies and gentle men Mr Lllery, president of tho society, delivered the annual address, referring to the principal scientific éventa of the paat 12 months The planisphere, or map of the Btars visible in the southern sky, compiled at the Observatory and engraved by Mr W. Slight, of the Lands department, was ex- hibited m one of the ante rooms, and elicited very complimentary remarks Telephones, an electric fire alarm, a phonograph, a polar- ising apparatus, and several electric batteries, also ministered to the entertainment of the numerouB visitors The ninth annual ball in aid of the funds of the Melbourne Hospital took place on the Gth inst, in the Town hall The company did not number more than 500 His Excel- lency the Governor, accompanied by Lord Hervey Phipps and Captain Le Patourel, arrived at 9 o clock, and dancing waa at once commenced The first quadrille was com- posed of the Governor and MIBS Meares, the Mayor of Melbourne and Mrs Garton, Mr H J Hart and Mrs RamBay, Lord Hervey PhippB and Miss Rosenthal, Captain Le Patourel and Miss Hart, Mr A. Marks and Mrs Kbon, Mr J Garton and Miss Garton, Mr A Rowan and MIBS Robertson It was mentioned in last Bummary that an anonymouB donor had promised the mumu cent donation of £5,000 to the Cathedral building fund provided certain specified con ditioiiB were complied with A meeting of churchmen to take action on this generous offer was held at Biehopacourt on Wednes day afternoon, the 5th mat, the Biahop pre Biding There were preaent-Tho Dean of Melbourne, Sir W T Stawell, Sir Charles Sladen, Sir George r Verdon, the Hon Dr Hearn, Mr Joseph Clarke, and about 30 other lay members of the church The Bishop announced that since the delivery of bis address at the Church Assembly the lar-e sum of £18,7G0 had been subscribed, partly in cash and partly in the shape of undertakings for the payment of annual instalments Amongst the cash donations was one of £5,000 received from the Hon Henry Miller, while Mr Joseph Clarke had given, in addi tion to a previous donation of £1000, a sub scription of £5 000, paj able in annual metal ments of £1,000 J ho meeting was con gratulatcd by tbo Bishop on the improved prospects of the fund and an influential committee was appointed for the purpose of making a canvaBs for further subscriptions Since the meeting at BishopBCOurt a large number of additional subscriptions have been received At St Paul a Church on Sunday morning, the 1st lUBt, Dr Moorhouse addressed a largo congregation on behalf of the Church of England and Presbyterian Pastoral Aid Society He referred, in gratifying terms, to the tendency observable at the present time towards the distribution of wealth in its proper channels No worthier object, he said, could enlist the sympathies of Christian men and women than the dissemination of the glad tidings of redemption On tho following 'Wednesday evening, the Bishop presided at the annual meeting of tho Church Missionary Society, in the Assembly hall, and delivered an earnest address, advocating renewed efforts on behalf of the Chinese missions. The Rev J Cain gave a resume of his missionary experiences in Asia during the past 12 years. One great obstacle in the way of the Christian missionaries, he said, was the flood of atheistic literature from Christian England and America. He assured the meeting that he had himself come across copies of Bradlaugh's vile newspaper, the National Reformer, in some of the remotest villages of India. On the afternoon of Monday, the 20th ult, a conference of representatives of Buburban municipalities and the Central Board of Health waB held to determine the Bite of the proposed Hospital for Contagious Diseases Dr. Youl presided, and informed the meeting that a piece of land had been reserved for this special purpose at Sandridge Bend He Btated that he proposed to erect a wooden building Bimply to provide accommodation for the medical office, kitchen, and diapen aary , but the patientB would be kept in tenta, and the whole fenced in Tho Bite at Sandridge was opposed by the town clerk of that borough, and a general discussion ensued, the majority of the representatives seeming to favour the site Belected As it tranepired, however, that none of the councils had metaince the circulars convening the conference had been issued, no decision was arrived at It waa however, understood that the matter was to be considered at once, and the decision of the councils forwarded to the Central Board of Health without delay Dr Youl then intimated that if the mojontv ogreed with the Bite and con sented to pay their share of the expense, he would at once proceed with the erection of tho building A Ucj i'ition frimtheresi dent« of Sandridge wuiud on tho Premier a few days ago and protested rtgiirmt the solee tion of a site for the bos. tal in their neigh bourhood Ihey cxpreabel their fears that a general depreciation of properly would ensue m the establishment of such an institution in the vicinity Since then several of the local councils (including that of Sandridge) have agreed to the proposal of the Central Board of nealtb Certain alterations in the mode of conduct mg examinations, su^ested by the council of the University, have formed the subject of debate at two recent meetings of the senate. Mr A Leeper, principal of Trinity College, in moving the adoption of the alterations on Tuesday, October 4, explained that m the alterations proposed, chapter 7 referring to examiners in laws, was repealed, because it was thought desirable to have the examina tionB of all kinds dealt with as uniformly as poBBible Section 0 of chapter C, which set forth that the professors and lecturers should conduct all University examinations, waa aUo repealed, in order that the council might, if they thought necessary, appoint co examiners with the professors or lecturers, and that they might go outside the University BtnfT for co examiners if thought advisable By the alterations it would al BO be necessary for a student to be paBsed by two examiners in the Barae way as it required the consent of two before the student could be plucked In place of section 5, chapter 6 it was proposed to insert the following - Tho person dollverlng lectures In any s tbjeot sl all bo the ixamlnor for that subject In all ordinary and 1 onour examinations and i i addition to the examiner tho council may appoint co oxaminers not exceeding two In number (or each subject and the said examiners and co examiners shall bo tho board ot examiners for that subject II for any subject no co examiner bo appointed the decision ot the examiDor B1 all bo final Professors Andrew, Halford, and Elkington having addressed themselves to the question, the debate was adjourned until the following Triday, when Mr L E Morris and Dr Heam spoke at some length in favour of the general principles embodied in the proposed altera tiona 'lhe matter will be further considered at u meeting to be held on Thursday next The Melbourne Presbytery assembled on Tuesdaj, October 4, and discussed the pro pnety or otherwise of establishing a second congregation in East Melbourne A dispute huvn g arisen between the Rev Mr Scott minister of Chalmers Church, and a section ol li ia congregation, the latter applied to the preabjtery for permission to form another congregation The presbytery referred the petitioners request to a sub committee whoso report waa presented by the Rev Dr Macdonald on Tuesday last It was favourable to the ¡.ranting of the application, but a strong feeling waa manifested against ita adoption Dr Morrison, the Rev Charlea Strong, and the llev Mr Cooper were con spicuous m their opposition, the contention being that it »as most impolitic to sanction the eecesBion of a section of a congregation that might become disBatisQed with their pastor After a lengthy debate, the report waB adopted by 14 votes to 11, and, the Kev Dr Macdonald having been appointed mode rator to the new congregation, the presbytery adjourned for a fortnight The new con gregation, numbering 220 persons, met for the lirBt time on Sunday last in the East Mel bourne Orderlyroom The Rev V R. M WilBon officiated in the morning and the Rev Dr Macdonald in the evening Dr Macdonald announced that there would be a public meeting in the Orderly room on Tuea day (thiB) night for the purpose of carrying out the lawB in respect to the constitution and orgameation of a Presbyterian church The discovery of a forged Crown grant has proved a source of alarm to those who lend money upon this kind of security The number of forged deeds extant, BO far as is known at present, is two, and there ia no reason to believe that more than a few can ever have been in existence As imita tions of properly executed grants the for genes are almost perfect They are not blank forms, stolen from the Lands department and subsequently filled np, but they have been printed by or on ac count of the forger, for his own purposes, the signatures have been cleverly imitated, and the seals, which are genuine, must have been transferred from other documents lhe grants are understood to have been forged by a clerk m a country attorney s office They were used by him to obtain advances for imaginary per sons from hiB employer s clients The deeds were accepted as good security for a consider able amount of money They were accom panied, in one case at least, by an apparently valid mortgage deed, now ascertained to baye been forged Had the mortgage been registered, the fraud would at once have been detected but it is not at all an nncom mon practice to lend money on deeds and Bi m ply lock them up in a safe The present forgery was discovered when the grant reached Melbourne, and was examined in the Crown Lands office Suspicion points to a law clerk named Hoskins, who resided for some time at Maryborough, and who dia a_pue_red in July last uador somewhat myato nous circumstances A notification of HoBkinBB death appeared in the Times of India on the 22nd of Auguat last and it waa republiahed m the Maryborough Advertiser, but it was thought at the time to be not genuine An extraordinary poisoning case at HealeB ville baa aroused public curiosity from the mysterious nature of its Burroundmgs Frank Kenny IB a selector m the neighbourhood of Healesville and Thomas King the manager of a squatting station in the aame locality Kenny gives the following account of what occurred -On the afternoon of the 27th ult, Kenny overtook King and his two sons as tbey were placing Borne sheep on the common All bad tea together, and subsequently the elder King took a paper packet from his pocket containing two pieces of cake, which he asked Kenny to eat -he latter declined for himself, but afterwards consented to take the cake home to hiB children His little son and daughter did partake of the cake, with fatal re suits m the former case Tortunately for the girl, Bhe took the precaution of extracting what Bhe called the "yellow pille of the cake, but her brother Thomas aged 13, partook of it in its entirety A snort time after eating the cake he was seized with a fit, became black in the face, and died the same evening The Govern ment analytical chemist hua examined the stomach of the deceased and discovered the preBence of strychnine, and Dr Neild haa stated in evidence that he was thoroughly BatiBÛed the cause of the boys death waa strychnine poisoning The coromal enquiry into the circumstances of the case is not yet concluded On the evening of last Sunday week a eerious complaint was made against a police constable at the city lock np by a respectable young girl named Emma Devries, residing with her parents in Little Collins street Sho Btated that at about half past 0pm, when returning to her home through Little Collins street after having Been eome friends to an omnibus in Eli re. beth Btreet, a constable, who was standing in the shade of a doorway, spoke to her and Baid, " Oh, see where the burglars have been at work, at the same time pointing to the door bhe turned to look, when he caught her in his arms and dragged her into a right of way, where he at- tempted to commit an assault upon her She struggled and attempted to scream, but he kept his hand across her mouth and pre tented her They continued struggling for some minutes when the constable became alarmed at the noise of approach ing footsteps and released her, and in getting an ay Bhe alleges that Bhe picked up his hat and Baw the number 8 074 upon it She at once went to the lock up and reported the matter to Constable Hart As no redress could be afforded her there she went home, and shortly afterwards returned with her mother and brother Con Btable Harris, a recent addition to the force, had in the meantime entered the lock up with a prisoner and on the girl appearing Bhe at once identified him as the man who had aB saul ed her The constable s clothes were dirty and disarranged, and as his number corresponded with that previously given the officer in charge took down the statement made by the girl The constable appeared on summons before the City Bench yesterday, and the evidence of the prOBecutrix having been taken, the further hearing of the case was adjourned until to morrow A warrant has been issued for the arrest of Patrick James Kennedy, a commercial traveller in the employment of Messrs R Harper and Co merchants, 1 lindera lane on a charge of embezzlement Some two or three months ago Kennedy absconded from the colony leaving a deficiency of between £200 and £300 in his accounts, and the matter having been reported to the pohco, efforts were made to trace the offender After Borae little delay Kennedy was traced to Dunedin New Zealand, and instruc tions were at once forwarded to koep him under surveillance until the warrant could be forwarded for his arrest lhe necessary extradition warrant and depositions were ob tamed and plain clothes Constable Ball waa despotched by the laBt outgoing steamer to Now Zealand to bring the delinquent back Although no cable intelligence haa come to hand up to the present it is understood that Kennedy has been arrested At the Theatre Royal the spectacular drama of ' The World waa brought to a termina tion on the 3Gth September after a fairly successful run of seven weeks, and on the next night Mr D H Harkuis, an actor new to Australia opened a series of Shakapeanan pla) siu" Hamlet Mr Harkius has a good presence, a fine voice with an American accent, and very high elocutionary abilities. He has applied himself with enthusiusm to the study of the great dramatist, and presents a read- ing of the character both high-class and interesting. Herr Bandmann, after an absence from Melbourne of 12 years, opened at the Opera-house on the night of the 1st inst, in "Narcisse," ana was most en- thusiastically received. The piece waa well put on, and the principal characters called before the curtain at the termination of each act. Herr Bandmann is ably sup- ported by Miss Louise Beaudet, Miss Juno, and Mr. Cathcart At the Bijou Theatre the juvenile represen- tation of "TnmbourMajof holds the boards, and ia likely to do so for some time. A concert waa given on the 27th nit. in the Prahran Town-hall in aid of the All Saints' Church Union Library aud Building fund. MiBB Kate Thayer, Miss Christian, Mr. ]?. Lineker, together with Hr. Hy. Cartis and string quartet, and assisted by a number of amateurs, gave good effect to various musical selections, under the drection of Mr. Joseph Summers, the organist at that church. The hall wns full. Tile Melbourne Lied ertafel gave theirl45th concert (gentlemen only) in the Atheuoum-hnll on the 29th alt. The IteisBiger trio, op. 167, by Messrs. Vogt, Curtis, and Montague ; Liatz's transcription of Schubert's Krl-King, by Herr Colonna, and selections from Mayer and Schumann, by Herr Goldenatedt, were amongst the notice- able numbers of a successful entertainment. An extra Bociul evening was given in the Mel- bourne Athenamm on the 3rd October by the members of the MetropolitanLiedertafel.being their 70th concert. The occasion waa for the benefit of the widow of a deceased einging member. There waa a large attendance, and a generally satisfactory performance of a well-mixed programme. The first of six festival concerts in which Herr Wilhelmj will make his farewell appearances in Mel- bourne took place last Saturday night in the Town-hall. Each night ia to be cha racteriaed by special selections from the works of a great composer. At the first concert, or Wagner night, there were eelectionB from " Tannhäuaer, " the "MeiBterBinger," and "theFlying Dutch- man." MiBB Marie Gouron, vocalist, and Herr Wilhelmj, violinist, were the Bolo performers. There was an efficient orchestra, and aleo a choras of about 100 amateur volunteer Bingera, who displayed great intelli- gence. A concerto by Bruch and the Egmont Overture by Beethoven were also played. The general reBult waa very gratifying. Herr Vogrich, pianist and conductor, displayed the higheBtartiBtic qualities in each capacity. Tbe MuBical Association held a monthly meeting at Glen's Rooms on Saturday even- ing, the 8th inst. THE REVENUE RETURNS. The revenue returns for the quarter and year ending September 30, 1881, were pub- lished in the Governmeni Gazette of the 30th ult. The following is a comparative state- ment of the net revenue received during the quarters and years ending September 30, 1880 and 1881 respectively : I.-CCBIOMS. Spirits .. Wine Iiecr and cider Tobacco and snuff Cigars Tea. 8ugar and mo Coffee, chicory, cocoa, and clio colato .. Opium Klee Hops Wait Pried and pre- served frultsand vegetables Live stock Articles subject to od valorem du tlos All other articles Wharfago rates Total customs. II.-Excis» ARD INLAND RltVENlll!. Spirits distilled In Victoria.. Auctioneers' cences .. All other licences Licensing Act No. 600--per cent ago Duties on estates of deceased per Bons Duties on bank notes .. Land tax .. Stamp duty Tobacco duties Heer duties Quarter ended 108,773 10,056 6,671 13,820 4,050 22,171 22,102 8,711 6,227 6,013 1.448 V 87,021 63,813 0,521, 13,028 163 1,260 61 12,970 £ 108,817 10,834 0,004 16,023 6,887 28,420 10,232 8,077 4,602 8,220 1,118 110,060 76,780 0,071 Year endod £ 887,291 84,718 26,478 40,013 14,503 70,318 00,636 12,801 20,133 12,303 0,279 81,835 40,201 III.-TBRMTO RIAL. Alienation Crown landB by auction.. Alienation Crown lands by licence andleaso, ic. Li céneos and leases other than agri cultural :-Fees under licences, and rcnU under leases .. Pastoral occupa, tion-Rents ol runs, &c; Miners rights .. Business licences.. Leases of aurifer- ous and mineral lands .. Water-right and searching cences, &c.; Total territorial IV.-PUBLIC WORKS. Railway income., Water Supply Yon Yean Do., on the gold fields Do., Geelong .. Dock dues, ¿io. .. V. - POUTS ARD HAIISOUHS. Tonnage .. Pilotage at out porta .. VI.-POST AND TE i.roRAPuOtTicos. Postase .. Commission or money orders.. Electric telegraph Total post and telegraph offices VII.-F»M. Customs and Har- bour Depart- ments .. Mining Depart- ment .. LandB Curator of estates of deceased per All other fees .. Total fees Vin.-FIRES. Suprcmoond other Courts .. Other fines and forfeitures Total fines IX.-MIBCELLAKE ous. Bents, exclusivo ol lands Government prin- ter Penal Establish ments Industrialand Re- formatory schools Salo of Govern- ment proporty.. Master In Lunacy Mint charges Interest on Public Account In tercet on Invest- ments .. Intorost on loans to local bodies Surplus Mlutsttb Bldy returned Contribution by tho Melbourne Corporation niaintenanco of public gardens, &c.; All other receipts 02,771 11,202 810,482 16,400 2,961 1,859 1.1 18,923 181 1,090 22,103 0,504 31,605 28,438 14,654 20.010 14,824 6,280 35,230 22,121 105,327 100,908 430,302 43,934 29,215 65,439 22,922 83,778 02,025 11,183 21,010 21,405 7,615 41,854 83,701 305,080 240,140 25,693 863,047 10,4So| 603,707 22,005 08,070 6,273 10,184! 04,764 1,1 8,014 2,000 278 9,716 1430,438 03,677 10,450 0,072 4,404 62,421 7,409 11,23a 4,003 87,273 21,832 125,911 120,880 550,160 110,105 597,900 25,272 12,605 1630,907 07,027 10,052 7,028 4,147 21,000 18,016 7,097 421 39,409 2,457 2,121 Total revenua.. Not Incrcaso on the quarter .. Net Incrcaso on tho year .J 10,407 149 2,077 2,095 247 731 1,296 2,887 1,042 X.I 5,314 197,203 0,250 7,812 8,258 4,800 10,834 6,349 204,505 8,100 890 39,882 1,963 61,824 2,108 8,127 935 11,815 8,417 1,187 7,573 6,040 9,052 60,485 12,418 10,072 In the first place, it will be seen that there is an increase of £197,293 on the last quarter as compared with the corresponding period of 1880 Tho net increase on the year is £791,609 Moat of the Customs items have yielded more than they did during the last quarter of the previoua year lhe quarters increase under this head ia £00 338 Hie largest increases ure- Articles subject to ad vatorem duties, £28 729 , all other articles, £21893 , tea, £0 255 , and tobacco and Bnuff, £2102. lhe principal decrease was £2,930 on Bugar and molasses The excise and inland revenue receipts f >r the quarter show an increase of £47,355 The beer duties account for £20 916 of the increase, and the tobacco duties for £14 544 1 he only decrease ia that of land tax, £3 689 lhe territorial revenue for the last three months has increased by£15,201. Alienation of Crown landa by licence and lease, ka, brought £13,621 additional, but there was a shrinkage on licences and rents under leaseB of £3 605 In the Public Works department there has been an increase of £55 389, the chief item being £52,565 additional railway income lhe post and telegraph receipts for the quarter were augmented by £0 812 Com paring the income for the past year with that of its predecessor, it will be found that the net revenue for 1880 was £4 613 025, and for 1881 it has been £o,304 635, or an increase of £791 CO», There have been increases in all the departments without exception The very large increase in the excise and inland revenue receipts is accounted for by £83 395 from beer duties, £38,402 from to bacco duties, and £52 042 from duties on estatoB of deceased per»ona The Victorian RailwajB have yielded £191 558 more than in the preceding 12 months lhe postage re ceiptB are better by £15 919, and those of tbo Telegraph department by £8 328 £36 2-54 of the increase on the year s receipts ia derived from interest on public account THE TOUR MILLIONS L04.N. The following works, proposed to be executed out of the £4,000,000 loan, are con- tained in the second schedule of the Loan Bill - For the construction of railways and works connected therewith (Including rolling Stock) already authorised by Parliament, or of such olhor rullnajs and works cou nectcd therewith (Including rolling stout) as larllament may hy any act direct and for tho repaying into tho consolidated revouuo or tho railway loan account 1878, any sums advanced thero from, expended and to ho oxpended on nnj such railways or works connected therewith (Including rolling stock) « £2,732,035 For ro[ aylng to tho railway loan account. 1678 certain moneys Issued out of said account under tbo provisions of act No 085 In payment ol various waterworks and ol Melbourne and Hobsons Bay debentures .. 70 For tho orectlon of state school buildings throughout tho colony 200,000 TowardB tho construction of tho nouses of Parliament and ol tho Law Courts _ 200/ Towards works iuconnoxlon with tho Yan Yoan Water Supply 225,000 Tonnrds loanB for wator Bupply In country districts In such sums as tho Govornor In Council may direct 800,000 Towards works iii connexion with the doe long and Coliban waterworks - 10 000 Towards works necessary for tho opening of tho entranco to tbo Gipps Land Lakes 00,000 Towards Warrnambool Harbour Improve ment Works 120,000 Towards Belfast and Fortland harbours Improvement works 70,000 £4,000,000 THE TEMPORARY LOAN. The following IB a hat of the works to be oxecuted with the proceeds of the £654,000 loan to bo temporarily borrowed from the consolidated revenue or out of the railway loan account of 1878 - Additional works connected with existing railways _ _ £278,000 Towards orectlon ol Btato school buildings throughout tho colony 80 000 Towards Yan Yean Waterworks extension _ 00,000 Towards Geelong and Coliban Waterworks extension 0,000 Advances hy way ol loan towards Water Supply In country districts 150,000 Molbourno and Hobsons Day United Kail way debentures 1882 - 20 400 Bendito Water» orks debentures 1882 00 000 Total . £051,400 THE PRINCES AT FIJI The FIJI papers received by way of New Zealand record the arrival at Tiji of the VCBSCIS of the detached squadron with their Royal HighneaaeB Prince Albert Victor and Prince George of Walea Thesquadron reached Levuka early on the morning of Saturday, the 3rd ult, and the Royal Princes and officers of the squadron met with an enthusiastic recep tion On their arrival in port an im mense number of boats turned out to meet them Every description of craft that would carry a Bail was put into requisition, and soon the bay waa dotted by amall schooners, cutters, skiffs, and pulling boats while a large number of native canoes lent í variety to the scene and wonderfully assisted its picturesque effect Lvery vessel in har bour was dressed with bunting, festoons of Hags and the cnaignB of all nations were Btretched from building to building, and dis played from every house and ilagstaff on shoro In the afternoon His Excellency the Governor visited the vice admiral on board the flagBhip On Sunday the Princes were the guests of Mr and Mra Des Voux, at Got eminent house, and in the afternoon they attended native service at Nasova. On Monday afternoon a meeting waa ar ranged at Nasova to allow the Inative chiefs to make the acquaintance of Bau na Mala buna na Marama, and about half past 3 o clock the parade ground presented a picturesque appearance His Excellency the Governor, the Earl of Cranwilliam, the PrinceB, and the captains, commandera, and many officers of the squadron were preaent and the flanks, right and left, were ulled in by high Tijian chiefs After huge pileB of every description of magiti had been presented to the visitors by the Fijiana, the vuni Valu roBe, and, m the namea of the assembled chiefs and people, heartily welcomed the Princes to 1'iji, at the Bame time presenting a magnificent tabua, which waB received and acknowledged with an appropriate expression of thanks by Ina Royal Highness Prince Albert In Levuka every means was taken to prove the thorough and hearty satisfaction which the visit of the Princes ga\ o to every section of Her Majesty a subjects The squadron left Tiji on the 10th ult NATIVE AITAIRS IN NEW ZEALAND The reports to hand as to the Btato of feeling among the diBaffected natives in Now Zealand are of a very conflicting character One account states that "the natives at Panbaka are very sullen, and evidently deBire no intercourse with Europeans lbey thoroughly believe it is now time to leave off talking and commence action lohn held a meeting recently, and de livered a long speech He told the natives they were merely to resiBt the Constabulary at the fences, and were on n0 account to use firearms until they were tired on by the Con stabulary A correspondent of tho Lyltelton Times, telegraphing from Wanganui, BtateB, after making careful inquiries, that " he is strongly of opinion that, without being positively despe rate, the Bituation is extremely critical " Te Whit!, in lecturing some of his im- pulsive young men who were preparing to BurpriBe the Constabulary camp, spoke UB foi IOWB -"If jou kill live Pakehas they get 10 to HU their placeB, but if five Maoris are killed there are none to fill theirs The Maoris are hemmed in on every Bide by Europeans, and if you fight and kill all the men in the camp hundreds of Europeans will come and take their places 1 ho result is timt you will be killed, and the PakehaB will have all the land ' The young mon wore in- fluenced by Te Whiti s words, and did not make the raid they had intended lhe settlers who have recently commenced the work of making homesteads for them eelves at Ngakumukumi have determined to bring their families to New Plymouth for the present, until native affairs are more Bettled. Mr John Hall, the Premier, and Major Atkinson, the colonial Treasurer have gone to Panbaka, to conault with the Minister for native affairs (Mr W Rolleston), on the native difficulty. THE MELBOURNE INTERNATIONAL EXHIBITION. At a meeting of the commissioners of the Melbourne International Lxhibition, held on the 30th of September, the final report of the Executive Committee was received, and the final report of the commissioners to the Chief Secretary agreed to The executive s report stated tuat the silver and gold medals for tho United Kingdom and Germany were forwarded by the Lusitania on the 20th September, and that the bronze medals for the same countries would be shipped by the Liguria on the 5th October lhe medals for Trance, Italy, Switzerland, and the Netherlands had been handed over to the respective commissioners, and those for India, tho MauntiuB, and the Australaaian colonies had been delivered or viere waiting instructions It waa calculated that the winding up o£ the buBineBB of the commission would be finally completed by the end of December next ?\\\tth reference to the Bpecial gold meda! which the commissioners proposed to award ' to the unsuccessful nominees for the 1 m peror oi Geimany a prize, the oxeeutive re commended tluti a medal similar to th ti struck to com memórate the laying of the foundation stone of the rxhibition building be adopted , and this, after some discussion wiis carried The final report of the commissioners gave a brief history of the origin, progress, and close of the Exhibition It BIBO contained tho following statistical information - Number of countries and colonies which exhibited 33 Total number of exhi bitore, 12,791 , and of exhibits, 32 000, awards made by jurors-3,270 hrst- class 2 430 Becond CIOBB, 1,877 third class 1,035 fourth class, 733 fifth class, and 209 honourable mentions , prizes granted-494 gold medals 1 501 silver do , 1,013 bronze do , and 6 081 diplomas In addition to these awards, l18 gold medals, 292 silver do , 420 bronze do , 5 copies of " official record ' bound in morocco 240 diplomas, and 48 albums were awarded for Bervices Trora a statement of accounts appended, it appeared that the total coat of tho buildings, Le , waa £210 360 Tho re ceipta to 30th June amounted to £329,920, nnn the expenditure to£318 411 The balance of 111,480 left has been since reduced by pay- ments to ¿b28 Mr Dow B motion, that special gold medals be (¡ranted to the Victorian Agricultural Societies who took first class prizes for col lecthe exhibits, was negatived by a large majority Votes of thanks to the president (tho Hon W J Clarke) and to the vice presidents (Messrs Casey and Munro) for their services were passed, and the meeting terminated THE TARHT COMMISSION This Royal commission has been appointed for tho purposo of inquiring into the inci dence and working of the present Cuetoms tariff of thiB colony, " especially with regard to the continued inclusion therein of items which, while neither yielding any consider able amount of revenue, nor adequately pro tecting any Victorian industry, at the same time seriously hamper the operations of trade , and further, to devise means of afford ing relief by discontinuing such items m the tariff, and, if necessary, adding others in lieu thereof 1 liera aro 22 commissioners, including protectionist and freetrado mern berB of Parliament, and representatives of the Chamber of Commerce, the Chamber of Manufactures, the National Agricultural Society, and the mining industry, and Mr J MiramB, M LA, is chairman The com miBBion held their first meeting at the Customs house on the 29th of September, and a second on the 4th Both BittingB were directed to the transaction of preliminar} business It was determined that they should ordinarily meet on Tuesdai, Wednesday, aud Thursday afternoons, at the CUB tom 3 house, and that the inquiry Bhonld be divided into two main parts, vi? -rirat, taxea for revenue and taxes for protection, and that each of these should be BeparatedintotwoBubdivisionB, vi? , " necessaries of life,' and " luxuries of life Rules and standing orders for the conduct of tbe inquiry were drawn up by a sub com nuttee and adopted It waa also agreed that the items in the tariff should be conBidored in the order into which they had been arranged by the landing waitera, who have classed them under trades headings One of the members, Mr Tucker, M L A., an ultra protectionist, said that if the scope of their commission allowed thom to inter fere with the protective policy of the country he would decline to act, and be asked the chairman for an explana tion of the terms of the commission The chairman, in reply, Bald ho waa dia tinctly of opinion that they were not appointed to interfere with the policy of the country The terms of tho commission gave tbem full acope to inquire into all the circum- stances of the tariff practically, but not with any abstract reference to the question of free trade or protection They were there to do practical work for the benefit of the com- mercial community without interfering with the policy of the country AGRICULTURE The rainfall reported a fortnight ago proved to be moro partial than country reports depicted it The North eaBtern district UBually receives a good many showers in the early spring, and rams ofthat character having oc curred atintervals up to the present time, the crops are promising fairly. The early Bown have tillered well, and the more forward are 2ft high The late sown are in many places tbin on tbe ground, and not more than bin high , hut they are healthy, and in the evont of rain coming in quantity and at once they will yield as fair a return as can be expected in the warmer districts from late Bown wheats of what are properly winter varieties In the North western district the condition of the greater bulk of the cropB IB far from satis factory In the Boort and adjacent districts moBt of the crops bave for some weeks past been going back In exceptional cases where the conditions of soil are naturally favour- able, crops here and there are fair, but adviceB of the 8th from Borne of the driest localities speak of the wheats as just alive, and of the oats in a less promising manner On the Wimmera and Richardson, the crops aro for the most part in the Bame critical state A good downfall at this juncture would ensure at least an average harvest, but should it not come the reBult will be exten sively disastrous Experiences serve to in Bpire farmers with a hope of the ultimate success of their crops In 1809, the winter and spring had much of the character of the present season Bat on the 7th of October ram commenced to fall, and in the three last months of the year occurred Hoods, which converted crops tbat were seemingly failures into more than average good ones, many of the wheats that had been given up eventually yielding from 20 to 25 bushels Sales of high class shorthorns continue to be made at prices that, compared with Eng lish rates, should be deemed highly satisfnc tory MeBBrs Richard Gibson and Co have sold to Mesera, Cleve, Tink, and Co , of South Comongin station, Bulloo River, Queensland 250 pure Bborthorn heifers, of the famous IT brand bred by Messrs Robertson Bros .Colac, alBO, the pure shorthorn sires 11th Duke of Rockingham, red, calved 20th September, 1880, got by Wetherby Winsome 2nd (40,905) dam Lady Rockingham 8th, by The Bean, Cherry Oxford 7th, white, calved 19th October 1879, got by Oxford Cherry Duke (32,010), dam Matilda 14th by Earl of Geneva (31,068), also, 10th Duke of Alvie, roan, calved 3rd October, 1880, got by Oxford Cherry Duke (32 016), dam Duchess of Alvie, by Duke of Brunswick (23 937) These cattle bave been purchased to form tho nucleus of a stud herd m Queensland, at prices ranging from 150 to 350 guineas each, and are all picked specimens, possessing ia a marked degree the Btylo and character of the famous Colac shorthornB MeBSrs Macdermott Bros and Scarr have sold on account of the Hon William M Culloch, his grand bull calf Lord IIillhnrBt to Mr Walter Douglas, of Inveralochy, Goulburn, New South Walea, at a high figure Lord Hillhurat ia by Duke of Oxford 3lBt (33 713). imported, dam Rose of Hillhurst (imported) by 3rd Duke of Hill hurst (30,975), Duke of Oxford is by Baron Oxford 4th (25,580), hiB dam being Grand Duchess of Oxford 11th THE SMALL POX EPIDEMIC IN SYDNEY During the fortnight 13 fresh cases of small pox have been discovered, most of these being in Pyrmont, a suburb of Sydney In one family a mother (Mrs Dunford) and her four children have been attacked Marie EvanB, a child of six years of age, has died during the fortnight, making the 19th death from the diBeBBO Bince its outbreak The Government bave been holding an inquiry into the subject of compulsory vaccination and re vaccination, and a number of members of the medical pro- fession in Sydney have been examined be- fore the Cabinet The medical Btaff report that a very considerable proportion of the inmates of almost all the houses visited are still unvaccinated SPORTING The principal event on the turf since our IaBt summary haB been the Spring Meeting of the Melbourne Hunt Club, which waa held at Tlemington on the 1st of October The weather was fine, and there was a very attractive programme, but the a'tendance was not so large as was anticipated, this waB doubtless owing to the near approach of our great racing carnival, and a two dais meeting to be held this week at Caulfield, in which many first class horses aro engaged The proceedings were commenced by a Han dicap Hurdle Race, for which eight sported Bilk Rhesus was Btronglj supported by tho public, but ho cut a sorry figure all the way, and Vi OB never prominent Marie made the running, but shirked the hurdle in the straight Black Prince a verj line eon of Pnnco William, ran weil forward during the race, and coming awaj at tho IaBt jump won in a canter, Don Pedro second, and tho favourite a very bad third The Corinthian Handicap for gentlemen rulers brought a good field, Pirate, who had been backed on the course, winning easily. Sea King second, and terrifie tlnrd The Hunt Club Cup had a fair held, JJ phon having the cull in the bettim. He went away with the lead, nnd maintained it for a con Biderable distance At the turn homo he was challenged by Mr. J, O, Inglis on old Ni ni hook, and the two left the re- mainder of the held Instead of following the steeplechase cou roo they entered the rails on the scraping sheds Bide of the last jump and thereby missed tl.e laat obstacle 1 he judge had left the box when the third liorso pussed tho post, und consequently did not place him Under the circumstances the stewards ordered the race to be run after the Plying Stakes na if it had never taken place IiacketB of Niuibook, of course, grumbled, but there was no help for it. In the ruu off. Young Deceiver, a very plain looking son of Smolcnsko, and who was judiciously ridden by Mr J Simson, beat Nimbook at the finish Mr A Chirnside, who rode Hands Down, received a heavy fall at the jump opposite the stand, but waa fortunately not hurt- The popular master of the Ballarat Hounds received a round of cheers as he was dragged from under the horse, and rode lum back to the saddling paddock The Ghost was made a hot favourite for the Handicap 1 lat Race, for which there waa a good field Hie uncertain Napper Tandy happened to be in a good humour, and gallop- ing like a racehorBo won a good race from the favourite, who had Cantala in close attend- ance for third place Notwithstanding the Bteadier carried by Intrepid in the Open Steeplechase, he was freely backed by the public, and Euchre was supported by numeroua friends The favourite cut up very badi), and was out of it from the start Actress made moat of the running, and then gateway to Euchre, who WOB patiently ridden, the 1 ttter atna on in the Btraight and beat the maro comfort ablj by two lengths îsunnyktrk beat the favorite l!uz?a easily for the Selling Race. Hie Plying Stakca brought out a number of candidates for the Maribyrnong Plate, at the V R C, Spring Meeting Tangle waa made firBt favourite, Prince George, Lesbia, Misa Panic, and others also receiving warm Bupport Tangle got away well, and for half the diBtance was very pro- minent , at the distance post, Prince George, answering gamely, carno through his horses on the outside and beat the favourite on the poBt, Lesbia third, and the rest together Tho Adelaide Hunt Club held ita annual meeting on tho 1st of Octo- ber Iho Selling Steeplechase waa won by Momolong, and the Maiden Steeplechase bj Regal Roebuck beat Buccaneer for the Hunt Club Cup, Bound to win won the Hunter B 1 lat Race, Wait a while the Mem- bers Hurdle Race, Hamlot the Drag Cup, and Roebuck the Hunters' Stakes A two days meeting was held by the Marjborough and Carisbrook Turf Club on the 28th and 29th of September Adele, by Fireworks, won the Maiden Plate , and Afghan, by lhe Ace, carried off the Maryborough and Carlbrook Handicap Gonzigo beat Afghan the aecond day for tho lallarook Handicap, and Zanga won the Hurdle Race The Stowards Cup waa an easy thing for Little King, and Bush- man beat a email field for tho Town Plate. Hie intercolonial horses engaged in the ap- proaching bpnng MeetinR of tbo V R C are arriving, and mattera just now aro busy in connexion with the great event Mr Mayo has filed a claim against the A J C , under the new Equity Act, for the BtakeB in the race in which he and his horse Elastic and the jockey were diaquahfied The football season waa practically brought to a close on the 1st of October, by a match between the Melbourne and Carlton clubs, which ended in a draw, each side obtaining a goal The cricket season was opened on the same day by a number of scratch matches, but none of any great importance have yet been played _ THE WEATHER. During the first half of the past fortnight it was generally fine, with moderato north and north easterly winds, followed by strong west and south westerly winda and dull and equally weather and light rain showers ex- tending over the greater part of the inland and Riverine districts, while in Borne of the Coast districts heavy rain fell The wind then veered round to east and north east, and it became fine and very warm, with a few light rain Bhowers on the 9th The highest temperature at Melbourne, 82 8deg. waa recorded on the 1st, the lowest, 35 4deg, on tho 7th, with a severo frost in the early morning Rain fell to the amount of 0 Sim , making the total rainfall anice the beginning of the year 1314in , as compared with 19 27m , tho average for the same period m the preceding 23 years LABOUR MAKKBT. The building tradeB continue to have more work than they can well accomplish. Most of the other tradeB aro in a fairly prosperous state. There is, however, one exception, and that is bootmaking This mduatry has been Buffer- ing for some time from over-production, whiUt its intercolonial trade is hampored by the protective duty on leathers and other articles which the manufacturers regard as raw materials The demand for domestic servants far exceeds the supply. This is accounted for by various reasons There are now v cr) few of the clasB referred to amongst our immigrants, whilst moat of those who emigrated to the colony in former years have got married, and the girls of colonial birth, who might be expected to fill their places, arc, to u great extent, absorbed by our clothing factories lhe following are the rates of wages - Domestic Servants -For Town-Gonoral servants, £50 to £35 per nnnum, housemaids, £30 to £36 por annum, romalo cooks, from £35 to £00 per annum ; malo cooks, from 30s to 80s por wcok , nursornalds, £25 to £30 per annum, laundresses, £35 to £52 per annum For Hotels-Cooks malo and tórnalo, £50 to £b0per annum, housemaids, £30 to £35 do tor Stations-First-class married couples for homo sla tiona, £70 to £00 per annum , second class do , with children, £10 to £50 per do , cooks, £50 lo £00 per do , housemaids, £35 to £10 per do For Farms-Hen cooks, £60 per nnnum, married couples, £00 to £70 per do , women servants, £30 to £35 per do , farming men, 20s per week , milkiucn, 20s per do , ploughmen, about 20s per do IV alters for hotels, 26s to 85s per week, grocers' assistants, 15s to 30s do , goueral store do , 20s to 40B do , nursery go\ erncsscB, £80 to £40 per annum, finishing do , £00 to £100 do Station UandB - Stockmon rccclvo from £00 to £75 per annum, shepherds, 16s to 20s per weok, ordi- när) noikingmcn 16s to 20s per do , drovers, 25s to 40s per do , gardeners, 15a to 25s per do Building lrades -Stonemasons, 10s per day; plasterers brlcklnvcrs, slaters, 10s per do , car j enters 10s per do . labourors, 7B pur do , plek and shovel men, OS Oil per do The days work Is eight hours Bootmakers -Tho following aro tho nominal rates . -For making children s peg boots tho rato is Od per pair, bo)s lOd , women's, Is . and mon's, Is 3d ; tbo samo rates are paid (or finishing In Borne of tho hist order shops tho rates paid aro -Wellingtons, 10s , elastics, 7s Od , closing, 8s lllghor rates oro paid lu first and second class ' bespoke shops ' linkers - First-claa workmen (foremen) avorago £3 per neck , second hands, £2 to £2 2s lil Inferior shops tho rates arc slightly lower Uutchors -Shopmen roceivo from 86s to 40s por week, bojs, 16B to 20s por weok, slaughtormon rccelvo from 40s. to 60s pcrwoek, small goods mon (pork butchers) rccclvo 30s to 40s. per week, all with rations -rassflnishors and Coppersmiths -In tho engine fitting shops thcro is a lair supply ot workuion, tbo wat,cs aro from 0s to 12s per day Tbo samo ratos are paid in tho flue brassflniBhlng shops Cabinetmakers -The earnings of the men employed In this trado aro very variable lu soma of the best shops In Melbourne the wages paid nro na high as £3 10s per week, whilo In Interior establishments tho men rccciv o from £2 10s to £3 per weok lu tho country tho wages paid aro still less Olothlng factories -Where the work Is dono on tho premises tlio w agos eamod aro as follows -Tnllorossos, £1 to £1 16s per week, pressers, £2 to £216s , ana upwards From 12s. to £1 Is carnod at shirt making In factory hours, hut tho greater portion Is taken homo Clothing machinists corn from 15s to 30s per week in factory hours Coopors.-Most ol tho work In this trade Is dono by tho piece, the wages fixed by tho trado aro 10s per day of 10 hours Tallon casks aro modo at 5s to 6s Od for thirds, and 4s Od for fourths Coaehbulldcrs -Smiths roeoivc from £2 10s to £3 5s lorwiel. llodymakers-Most of this work Is dono bj tho plcco Tho arcrago earnings of good hands aro from £210s to as high as £3 por wook Whoolors Most of tills work IB dono by tho pleco, tho wages mado aro from £2 10s to £3 per weok Painters ro- ceivo from Ss to 10s per day Trimmers got from £210s to £3 10s per week Vycemou cam from £1 5s to£1 10B per week Tho rato of labour lu this trado Is 10 hours per day Snipers -In all tho host establishments well quali- fied draporB assistants carn from £2 10s to £4 par week Carpet salesmen obtain about tbo some ratos TJ] holBtorers, £210s to £3 and £4 nor wook Manilo maltors, 16s to 20s per wcok Milliners from 86s to £3 10s per wcok Needlewomen and dressmakers rom 15s to 20s perweck rorrlors - Firat-clnBB Dromon get £2159 por wcok ; door mon rccelvo from £1 10s. to £2 por wook Farriers for tho country reçoive from 20s to 80s por week, with their hoard and lodging Orooms In livery stables get from 80s to 40s por week, coachmen roceivo from 85s to 60s por do Gardeners - Tho men In this trado aro not well paid In situations near town tho ratos oro from 80s to 40s per week without rations Tho ratos willi rations aro 15s to 20s Ycry good mon get 25s per week Halters-BodymakorB got 18s to 20s per dosen for regulars, and 12s to 14s per dozon for low crowns Finishers get 22ir to 24s per dozen (or silk 1 als, 20s por dozon for pullo vor, and 12s to 14s per dozen (or low crown Iron Trades -FlttorS recolvo from Ds to 12s por day, turners from 10s por da, bollormakors and platen, from Us to 18s per do , rlvotors from 9s to 11s per do , blacksmiths, from 10s to 13s por do ; hammermen from 7s to 8s por do , and moulders from 10s to 12s Jewellers.-In tho manufacturing fowollem estab- lishments tho workmen recclvo from £216s to £3 16s For tho flnor work the wages rango liighor Qood tradesmen can gctfull employment JNuvvlcs-Tho roto paid tbo men omplojod on tho Government railways Is Cs Od per day Miners-Tlio averago rates for minors aro£2 per week (or surface minors, and £2 6s (or underground work In some outljlng districts higher rates aro obtained, but only 1 y a (ovv mon 1 nlnters and Glaziers-1 air tradesmen raeolvo D9 per da) , riumbors and gasflttcrs rocclv o £3 per wcok ol olght hours per day > Printers, _o - Tho rato poid In this trado Is l8 per 1,000 Io manufacturing »tationere establishments lithographers aro pal 1 £2 10a to £3 15s. per week, bindera, £2 to £3 per week , paper rulers, £3 to £3 10a. per week. The demand fur labour in these trades la limited, an i is at present tally supplied, içood head men get higher rates In the binding and lithographing departments. Stevedores* Men, &AI-Lumpers;' wages aro 12s per day at prcaont. Engineers in tug boats and donkey tocino drivers rccclro £18 per month Ship Carj>entcrs -Tho rute paid in this trule is 13a Per day ol ci^ht hours Work is irregular Sailors on board ocean going ships and steamers meit o £4 103 per month le coasting vessels tho rate is £5 per mouth Men nToivo £d per month ir coasting steamers Trimmers get £7, and firemen £9 lo coasting Btcamers Saddlers -The earnings oro about £215s per week Tho commoner sorts of work aro not paid for so well and1 wages \arj from 25B to 35s per week The work in this trado Is ni no hours per day Tanners ard Curriers - Bcamsmcn rccelvo 40s to 60s per week, shcdsincn, 42s to 45s per do , tanners, 3Bs to 45s per do -time 10 hours per day Curriers, at piecework, can carn from 50s to 70s per week Tailors -In al order Bhops tho ruto paid is lOd per hour In second class shops the earnings aro from £210«. to £3 per week. In factories (he rates ^a^y, the man bolng often poid by the piece Whore wages arepaid, tho rato is 40s per week iu factory hours Tinsmiths carn from £2 to £3 por weok, iron workers, £210s to £3 per do , galvanisera, £3 per do Host of tho work in this trado is dono by tho plcoo Watchmakers carn from £3 10s to £5 por week The supply of labour In this trado Is moro than equal to the demand INTERCOLONIAL, NEW SOUTH WALES. The revenue returns for the quarter ending September 30 disclose a very large increase on the returns for the correaponding quarter of last year under almoBt every head. The total revenue for the quarter amounts to £1,700,902, being £485,855 in exeeBS of the revenue for the corresponding quarter of last year. The total revenue for the past three quarters of the current year amounts to £4,793,729, which shows an increase of £1,405,004 on the corresponding nine monthB of 1880 The Customs during the past quar- ter jielded £398 925, being an increase of £82,000 The receipts from spirits show an increase of £27,202, wine, £3,050, to- bacco and cigars, £1,147, and tea, £3,513, Specific duties show an increase of no less than £21,238 On all other articles under the head of Customs there are increases, except on Bngar, molasses, and malt on which Blight reductions are apparent The stamp duties are £15,000 in excess of the amount obtained daring the correaponding quarter of last year The land revenue shows an increase of no lees than £285,014, the total revenue being £621,912 for the quarter The railwaj re ceiptshaveadvancedfrom£279,&95 to £3 jfa 151 the Foat office returns from £71,033 to £102,507, pilotage and harbour feea show an improvement of £2,G87, and feea of office, General miscellaneous receipts, fines and for citurea, all exhibit an improvement TheLegielativeCouncil have agreed with the Aeaembh's amendment in the Influx of Clnneso Restriction Bill, limiting the number of Chinese arriving in the colony by sea to one Chinese for e\ery 100 tons of the ship a burden The Council has also passed the Ringbarking on Crown Lands Reguli tion Bill through committee, Is. Gd per acre has been agreed upon as the amount of compensation to be paid for ring barking as an improvement The Legis- lative Aaaembly have been occupied in con Sldoring the Licensing Bill in committee, the hour at which public housea are to be opened has been fixed at 7 a m , and that for closing at 11 p ra , at present they open at b a ra , and close at 12 p m A bill has been read a first time to prohibit the importation into the colony of grape vines, vine cuttings, and grapea, with the view of preventing the introduction of the phylloxera The Government intend to ask Parliament to vote a sum of money for Mra Henrietta SehmalfasB, the only surviving sister of the late Dr Leichhardt A remittance for her has already been sent to Cottbus, m Prussia, m advance of the vote The annual report of the Sydney Codea Tavern ahowa a loss on the year a trade of £1,100 Business, however, ia stated to be Bteadily improving The Becond annual exhibition of the Art Society of New South Wales has been opened by Lady Augustus Loftua The most am- bitions of the oil paintings is a acene on the GeorgeB' River, by 1 lelding A fund haa been started in Sydney in aid of the Bufftrera by the Shetland fisheries dis aster '1 he initiate e waa taken by the courn.il of the Highland Society, who intend to hold a public meeting to bring the movement pro minently before the city A concert in aid of the funds IB also to he given Accidenta on the steam tramways of Sj dney are of frequent occurrence On Sunday, the 2nd inst, a collision occurred between two of he trams, the whole of the paaaengera being t everely shaken One had both thighs frac inred,and another a contusion of the left hip A subsequent inquiry into the causes of the accident resulted in the dismissal of the driver and conductor, and the disrating of the fireman. SOUTH AUSTRALIA. An approximate statement of the revenue for the quarter ending 30th September is as tollos B - Trom CuBtoms, £150,729, from lullwaya and tramways, £10-1,017, land sales, £208,119, rentB and licencea, £17,0« The total revenue for the quarter is estimated to amount to £609,831 In the Legislative Assembly, the Treasurer (Mr Glyde) submitted bis new taxation pro- posais. Ha proposed a land and property tax of Cd. on every 20a of the annual assessed value of all property under a £30 valuation This waa estimated to produce £3b,700 on the land at present occupied, and £50,009 on personal property The duties on tea, coffee, chocolate, cocoa, rice, cornaacka, and wool packs were proposed to be aboliahed The Treasurer a scheme was not very favourably received, and on a subsequent evening tho Chief Secretary (Mr J C Bray) an nonnced that the Government had de- cided to abandon it for this session The Imprint and Building Societies Bills have been paaaed, and the Council s amendments in the Marino Board Bill have been adopted The Government baa obtained leave to in- troduce a Civil Servico Act, abolishing re tiring allowances altogether after December 81,1881 All officers who remain in the ser vice subsequent to that date will, when they resign, receive a retiring allowance calculated up to the close of the preaent j ear. X'he Estimates have been paaaed without a single reduction An influential company ia being formed to Srospect the country from the Burra to the order for metala and minerals The Baptist Asaociationhaa negatived a mo tion affirming the desirability of imparting Bible instruction in Btate achoola during regular school houra A large moeting of the citizens of Adelaide has been held, at which resolutions were passed in favour of religious instruction during school hours, and demand- ing a poll of parents to be taken on the sub- ject, under the direction of the Education de partment The collection of painting? and worka of art lent to the Exhibition by Her Mijesty the Queen, H li,H tho Prince of Wales, and tho trustees of the South Kensington Museum, will be reahipped to England about the middle of next month The Government have adopted the recom- mendation of the Sparrows Commission to pay Cd per dozen for Bparrowa heads, and 2a Cd per 100 for eggs Postmasters and constables in the infested districts will pay the money to the bird destruyera The want of rain in the northern farming districts continues to be severely felt Cases are reported in winch the crops are injured beyond tho poaaibility of recovery, and over a large extent of country the wheat plant ia feeble, and must soon succumb unless rain should come, In the older areas, not ao far north, mattera are mnch better The report of the 1 orest Board whtch has just been issued shows that during the year 232,000 treea had been raised successfully, and nearly 800 acres of land had been ro Burned and planted The operations of the hoard had been largely Bupplemeuted by pri vate personB, farmers, and othera, who had OBBistcd in planting along the roads, reserves ki. It was estimated that after making an nllownnce for bad seasona, firea, failures, Le , the plantations at present estahlshed will, in live years time bo worth £100,000 The con Bcrvator of the forests, Mr I E Brown, was complimented by the board for his Bkilful and energetic mina0ement of the various reserves QUELNSLAND The revenue for the quarter just endod was £o78,000, and tho expenditure £291,000 The net increase upon the receipts during the corresponding quarter of laat j ear waa £93,000 There waa an increase under every head excepting exciao and licencea, the largest being on the receipts from hnd, which showed an increase of £44,000 The incroaso from pastoral renta amounted to £2o 000, from cuBtoms £13,000 Ihe expenditure during the quarter Bhowa a decreaso of £14,000 principally t.nder the schedules and on public worka The Legislative Council have paaaed the Legal Practitioners Bill, which amalgam itea tho two brancliea of the profession, through committee In the Legislative Aasomblv the Colonial Sugar Refining Company a Bill b ia passed through committee, a new clause having been inserted milking it compulsory for the company to Bpend £200 000 within five yearB The Irienuial Parliament Bill introduced by Mr Griffith, Q C , baa been negatived by 22 to 17 votes A motion by a private member for the abolition of Btate BcholarshipB and exhibitions in connexion with the grammar schools of the colony was also negatived by 21 to l8 votes Tho Pharmacy Bill haB pasaed through committee with amendments The Sir Wra Wallace, barque, has arrived at Townsville, from Plymouth, with immi- grants An elderly man, named Wm Pillinger, a splitter, residing at Mount Gravatt haa been brutally murdered in the road near his home A school teacher, a lodger in Pillingers house, has been arrested on suspicion MONETARY AND COMMERCIAL. The Argus Office, Monday Evening The R M S S Cathay, with the Australian and New Zealand mails for England and the East, left Williamstown railway pier at 1 o'clock of the afternoon of the 28th ult The Bteamship Liguria, of the Orient Uno, left the bay for London on the 6th ins t., at a quarter to 1 p m , and cleared Fort Phillip Heads at 10 minutes past 4 pm. The R.M S S Venetia with the English mails via Suez to date August 26, and also the mails from India and China, arrived on the morning of the 3rd inet., from Galle This steamer had une weather all the way, and has made an excellent run, and as she was enabled to leave Galle two days m advance of time-table date, her maila were landed in little moro than 36 days from London This l8 about the quickest time in which they have ever been received here, and business people had ample opportunity of replying to their correspon dence by the Orient Bteamship Liguria The Orient steamBbip Chimborazo arrived here on the Cth inst, her dates being Ply mouth August 20, and Cape Town 14th nit A Bell Coleman refrigerator has been fitted up m the Bteamer on this voyage In the ABBembly, the intervening period since wo last wrote has been chiefly taken up with the discussion of Sir Bryan O Loghien a budget, which commenced on the 27th ult, and was closed on the 29th The debate, however, was deprived of its party interest by the open- ing Btateinent made by Mr Berry that it was not the intention of his side of the House to Bubmit any adverse motion In explanation of the items for public buüdmgB, water supply, and barbour ira provements, Sir Bryan O Loghien stated that the Houses of Parliament would co3t when the existing contract was completed, £500,000, and the law courtB £320,000 On theae two buildings £200 000 will be spent out of the new loan 1 or state schools, for which £200,000 is set down, an annual expenditure of £50,000 will be required for the future The sum of £225,000 asked for the Yan Yean will pay for the introduction of the waters of Silvery Creek and King Parrot Creek The Government propoao to make a good start with Sir John Coode 8 Bohemo for the improvement of the Gippa Land Lakca Entrance and the execution of har boar works at Warrnambool and Portland The Bccond reading of the £4 000 000 Loan Bill was moved m the Legislative As sembly on the Gth mat by Sir Bryan O Loghien, in an able apeecb Out of the £2 732,0o5 provided for railways, nearly 500 000 will be required on account of lines already authonaed, or to further equip the Hobson a Bay Railway Tho urgent worka on all railways are es ti mated at £278 000, but fully £1,000 000, to come out of some future loan, will be re quiBite to thoroughly equip all the hues now m use The total sum which will be avail able out of the proposed loan for new lines will be £2,23J,000, which will construct about 300 miles of the ordinary type of railway and about 300 miles of light lines-or BO called tramwaja Iheae "extra light linea will be laid with 501b steel rails Out of the last loan there ia a sum of nearly £2 000,000 yet unexpended , and a year and three quartera will probably elapae before the authonaed linea are finished in the mean- time it is neceasary to proceed with the now loan, in order that the surveys of exten Bions of a pressing character shall not be do layed A statement of the receipts and ox penditure of the Yan Yean Water Supply Department for the year ending June 30, 1881, was laid on the table of the Assembly on the evening of tho 5th The amount of the ratea collected was £95 636, and minor items brought the total receipts up to £101310 On the expenditure aide there appear the following items -Pur- chase ot pipes, £2O,0JG , works of construe tion, £13 450 , repairs, £G 3GS, management, £9,426, total, £52 65016a 7d .leaving asurplua of £48 69b to be paid into the consolidated revenue According to the balance sheet the total expenditure on account of con Btruction to June 30 waa £1572,334 on account of maintenance £79,060, und for management £153 449 Portion of the permanent expenditure was defrayed out of votea or loans The total revenue derived from the Yan Yean since the reservoir was completed amounted on Tuno 30 to £1,634 749, or within £150,000 of the total ex penditure on construction and management. An illustration of the folly of imposing taxes for mere protective purposes has been afforded by the result of the Berry Btock tax. A return of its working supplied by the Com miBBioner of Customs BIIOWS that during the year ending June 30, 18S1, the amount re ceived was £39 377 8a Gd , viz , £2:> 002 18i 6d lor aheep and £11371 10s for cattle During the months of July and August last, the amount collected was £0 77110s Cd , £3,945 Ila 6d being for sheep, and £2 829 for cattle It will tims be seen that au estimate made bj Mr Anderson the traffic manager of the rail wajB, of the falling off in tho railway rey^aue (Bay £40,000) equals tho total amount of revenuo derived from the tax The bu3inea3 of themeat presorvingcompanieainboth Victoria and New bonth Y\ alea is also aaid to have been very prejudicially affected by tho tax A statement of accounts appended to the final report Bent to the Chief becrotary by the Inhibition commisaionera shows that the total receipts up to the 30th of June amounted to £321 920 Gs Gd , and the expenditure to £318 141, which left a credit balance of £11 434 15a On the 30th September the credit balaneo had been reduced to £G2S and the amount that will be loft unexpended when all claims are settled is estimated at £299 We learn that the Merchant Shipping and Underwriters Association who are act ing on behalf of the underwriters of the cargo of coffee Bhipped by the Bontin alias I erret, from SantoB to Marseilles, afterwarda taken on by act of barratry to Cape JLown, there sold, and the proceeds appropriated by Henderson, have received information b> cable from their principals that notice has been given to the London branch of the Standard Bank of British South Africa not to honour or pay any bills on it which are the reBult of auch aale and that they have com menced an action here to recover the money paid into the Standard Bank In toe general markets notwithstanding that owing to the want of ram very gravo fears have of late been entertained for the safety of the late sown crops, and the effect upon biiBineas in consequence, a very fair trade inquiry has been experienced since wo last wrote Many articleB previously neglected have come into more promm ence, and thus an impression has beca gaining ground that as the season advances the market will bo stimulated to greater activity, and the long prevailing dulnesa be disaipated at last Little or no speculation in merchandise baa, however, arisen, and transactions OB a rulo, have been of moderate extent, seldom if ever going beyond the limit of ordinary requirements Jute gooda have been neglected In breadatuffa both wheat and Hour havo had considerable attention Ihe retuma for the past two weeka give the receipts at Melbourne and shipping porta of Wilhamatown and Sandridge aa 4,822 bags of flour and 10 000 baga of wheat, the Bhipmenta for the Borne period amounting to 7 931 bags of flour The total exports for the j ear now come up to 136 937 baga of Hour, and 730 243 baga of wheat Sugars during the laat 10 days have had an improving ten- dency No amvalB hore aro reported, but tho 1 mpre/a reached Adelaide from Mauritius on the let inst In teas modorate business has been done in congous though only at low ratea The Bale of Indian teas last week WUB a moat successful one, and an advance of 2d to 3d waa aecurod on previouB buBineaa Operationa otherwise havo been unimportant. The wool sales have not yet commenced here In station properties we note the following business -Messrs Peck, Hudson, and Raynor report having Bold Tom a Lake Station, in the Lachlan DiBtrict, New South Walea, with 20 105 sheep, for MeaarB John Wilkinson and Co to ilessrs Hearn and Boadle Aleasra James furner and Son report having sold by private con tract on account of Messrs D mallison Brothcra, their MinBtrelhaugh and Innes fail estates, near Harrow, comprising about 1,000 acres of freehold, Mr Ldwanl Willis, of Koolumurt, being the purchaser Messrs Dennys, Lascelles, Austin, and Co , Geelong, report the sale for Mesara Strach in, Murray, Shannon, and Co, of their North Marlbed, lowma and Linsdonue runs in the Mallee district of Victoria, comprising 101000 ncrea Crown landa and 323 aerea freehold Btocked with 2 GaO sheep Mr Chorlea Bronn reports having sold on account of Mr Lloyd Jones his run in the Albert District, New South Wales, known as Table Top, containing about 19,200 acres, to Messrs. li. Kdward Brodribb and Co., at a Batisfactory price. This run ad- joins MeBara. Urodribb'a Teltiwongce station. Messrs. James Turner and Son report having sold by private contract, under in- structions from Mr Duncan MacGregor, the well- known Mount Margaret station, situate in the South tiregory and Warrego districts of Queensland, consisting of 30 blocks of country, having a total area of about 1,750 Bquaro miles, together with 12,000 head of cattle, 100 horses, plant, &c;, to Mesara. Moodie, Donaldson, Inglis, and Co,, of Panjee station, New South Wale3. Messrs. Macdermott Bros, and Scarr report having sold, on account of Mr. F. O. Smith, his runs, known as Cabul, Herat, Afghanistan, Candahar, and Kiva, in the Gregory North DiBtrict, Queensland, containing an estimated area of 342 Bquaro miles, to a Victorian buyer. Messrs. Powers, Rutherford, and Co. have Bold the following freehold and station pro- perties :-On account of Mesara. A. and A. Mack, the Prairie Estate, containing about 8,702 acres of freehold land, to Mr. O. Edwick. The Terricks Estate, containing about 5,301 aerea of freehold land, to Mr. A. F. Kelly. Both properties are near Mitiamo. Also on account of Messrs. Webb and Co., their Woomargama station, near Albury, in the Murrumbidgee district, New South Wales, with 23,500 sheep, horses, improve- ments, and working plant, &c;, to Mrs. L. A. Splatt. Mr. CharlesBrownfinconjunctionwith Messrs. Brown and Seward, Echuca) reports having sold the runs in the Albert district, New South Walea, known as Mount Wood, Terewinda Plains Nos. 1 and 2, Terewinda N. and N.E. No. 1, and Tarrawonda, contain- ing about 353,000 acres, to Mesara. Moore, Dorwood, and Co., of Echuca, at a satisfac- tory price. Messrs. Macdermott Bros, and Scarr report having sold, on account of Messrs. Kennedy, Powal, and Currie, their Noranside station, in the Burke district of Queensland, comprising an area of 500 square miles, together with 2,000 head of cattle, horses, and all improvements, Mr. Thomas Laidley being the purchaser, at a Batisfactory price. MeBara. Hepburn and Rowe, Ballarat, report tho sale by private contract, on ac- count of Mr. L. M. Calvert, of his Spring-hill and Richmond-plains stations, near Wedder- burn, with about 1,020 acres ot purchased land, 8,000 sheep, 2,100 lamba, horses, cattle, Btation plant, &c;, with vendor's right to Crown lands, to Mr. Henry Gore, of King- ston, at a satisfactory price for cash. Exchange.-The banks' selling rate on London for GO days' sight drafts rangea from J to J per cent, premium. Their buying rates rule at i per cent, dis- count. The following aro the ratea allowed for depoBit interest:-On deposit fixed for three months, 2 per cent, per annum ; for six months, 2i per cent.; and for 12 months, 3 per cent. Discount ratea rule at 5 to 6 and 7 for three to four months' bills. The clearances of gold during the fortnight havo amounted to 12,418oz. The total ex- ports since the beginning of this year have been 290,428oz., while for the corresponding period ol last year they were 150,598o,!. 1'rom returns issued by the Customs depart- ment we note the following particulars : Importa for the quarter ending March 31, £3,010,453; quarter ending June 30, £2,744,939; total, £5,701,392. Exporta for the quarter ending March 31, £3,290,415 ; quarter ending Jnne 30, £3,0C2,470; total, £G,358,885. For the half-year ending June 30,1880, the total returns for the port were :-Imports, , £5,095,851 : exports, £5,191,453. Under both headings the present year shows considerable improvement over last, and it is satisfactory to find that the general impression regarding the improvement in trade has been borne out by the official returns, By the maila to hand we have dates from London to 2fith August, from Calcutta to Gth September, from Colombo to 13th September, from Batavia to 10th September, from Manilla to 22nd August, from the Cape to 14th Sep- tember, PUBLIC COMPANIES. Australian Alliance Assurance Company. Tnis company held their nineteenth annual meeting on the 30th September, at their offices, Collins-street west. On the motion of the chairman (Mr. John Halfey), seconded by Mr. John White, the directors' report aud balance-sheet, which were both highly satis- factory, were adopted. Mr. D. E. VVilkie waa re-elected as a director. Permewan, Wright, and Co.-The half yearly meeting of this company was held on the 30th September, at Scott's Hotol, Mr. A. M. Greenfield presiding, There waa no report to submit, the object of the meeting being simply to declare a dividend. The chairman said that the business of the com- pany both in Melbourne and in Sydney waa in a moat nourishing state. It was resolved that an interim dividend at the rate of 15 per cent, per annum be paid for the half-year. Female Model Lodgiug-houBO Company. A meeting of the promoters of this company was held on tho 30th September. Tha pros- pectus waa adopted, and directions were given for registering the company. Melbourne Meat Preaerving Company (Limited).-The 2Sth general meeting of the above company was held on tho 3rd October, at their offices, Queen-street. The directora report and balance-sheet were adopted. The chairman (Mr. H. N. Loughnan) said the report was not BO satisfactory as they could bave wished, yet it waa encouraging to know that they bad reduced the debit balance nearly one-half since laat meeting. Colonial Bank of Australasia.-At a special meeting Mr. Joseph Clarke was unanimously elected as a director in place of tho Hon. W. J. Clarko, who resigned prior to his de- parture for Europe. Colonial Permanent Building and Invest- ment Society.-The 13th general meeting of shareholders waa held on the 4th October. A dividend of 5 per cent, was declared for the last six months. In April last an interim dividend of 10 per cent, was declared. The Australian Fresh Meat Company.-On the 6th October about 40 gentlemen lunched on beef and mutton tinned from six to nine months ago by this company, and it waa unanimously declared that the company had achieved a great success in meat-preserving. Als and Stout.-Bulk ales havo only boen noticed (or the BUpply of actual wants, and sales have been of trilling extent. Bass's maintains our quotation of £3 109\. (or small lot«. Tlio Carlisle Company's Is valued at £7 16s. Atohoson and Son's brings £3. M'Kwau's Is quoted at £715s., and Bules of Altkou's aro men. tloocd at £7 15s. to £8. Bottled ales havo had nothing beyond a fair demand for trado purposes, aud prices show Jlttlo chango on late quotations. Foster's is moving at 11B. Road's dog's hoad is disposed of at 11B. For Porter's bulldog brand, wo quota 10s. Od. Burko's triangle is saloablo at 10s. 3d. to 10s. Od. Stone's Is quitted at 10s. to 10s. 3d. There IB a good business dono in M'Ewan's at 10s. Tcnnent's is steady at 9s. Blood's Is selling at 8s. Od. to 8s. Od. Bottled stouts aro In good request. Burko's And buyers at 10s. to 10s. 3d. Edmond'a pig brand is quoted at 10s. to 10s. 8d. Bead's dog's head bringB 10s. Tho bulldog brand commands 0s. Od. Sales of boar's head can he mode at 0s. Od. to 9s 0d. Coombes' Is quoted at 9s. 8d. Foster's Guiunesi ranges from 9s. to 9s. Od. O'Drlort's dagger finds a ready sale at 03. Blood's Is disposed of at B3. Od. to 8s. Od. Bagging.-Tho market for jute goods Is still exceedingly slow, and sales havo boen of tho moat trilling character for somo time past.. Cornsacks have been quito neglected, and as tar as wo can leam scarcely a transaction >hos been recorded (or some timo past. Wo continuo to_ quote 0S. In bond to arrive ; thero Is nothing doing (or local uso. Woolpacks havo likow-lsobcennoglectod, and ovou (or trado purpoics little l8 allowed to reach US lu the way of sales. Quotations stand at 2s. 8d. In bond. Vlctorian-mado packs aro offering at 3s. 2d. Bran bags are disposed ol at 7s. 1^(1. Gunnies aro nominal at 0s. 3d. Under dato 6th September, Messrs F. W. Heilgers and Co , Calcutta, report of that markot as follows :-Sales ot corosacks havo transpired, tho quotation (or which Is 38.8r. (or fieptcmb=r.October dollvery. lu woolpacks, bran bags, and oro bags nothing has boon dono ; tbo prices (or them aro-woolpacks, 1.0.Or., equal to 2i. OJd. per plcco; bran bags, 23r,; oro bags, lOr. The. inulto sailed heneo (or Adelaide and Sydney on 31st August. Tho Samarkand has arrived, and lias com- menced loading, making with tho Falstaff two ships on tho berth (or Adelaide. Tho City of Cashmere loads for New Zealand. Largo quintillas of cornsacks and bran-hags aro in course of shipment (or tho colonies by theso veteéis. Tha Rialto, tho only vessel cleurod, takes 1,402,750 cornsacks, 140,160 brau bags,_ to Adelaide, and 50,000 bran bags to Sydney. Boots aud Shoes.-There la a moderato business doing in these goods. Ou Thursday, the 20th ult., an extensivo salo was hold. Thero waa a good attona anco o( bu>ers, and the following prices wero roalisod : -Girls' 70 bola, brought 23. Od., Sä. Od ; do. 7-0 cop. too lace, 2s. Dd., 2s. 6d.; do. 7-0 almas, 8s. Id!, 3s. 8d.; do. 1013 high-lace, 4B. Id., Is 4d.; do, 10 13 almsB, 4s. 3d., 4s. Od.; maids' half high-lace, 5s. Id : women's hats., 5s. lid., 0s. Od.; do. calf almas, 5a. lOd. to 09. 3d.; do. kid M.B., 5s. lid., 8s ; do. lasting, 6s. 3d , 7s.; men's M.B. E.S., 83. Od.; do, call shoes, 7s. Od ; do. do. almas, 0s. Od., 7a. Od.; voutba' M.ß. E.S., 5s. Id, 5s. Od. Yesterday 1S3 packages wero sold publicly. Polak's broDZO kids _ S , reamed 83. 3d and 7s. 10d.; levant do., O'. 2d ; do. lastings, 3 to 7. at 5s. Od.; do. 3 to 5, at 5s 8d.; Talk's do., 3 to 7, at 5s. 8J.; do. S to 5, at 03 ; best do., 7s. 2d. and 7s. 3J.; do. licsBlans, 7s. bil ; do. I'olak's boat, Cs. 8d. and ti). 9J.; do lasting shoes, 0s.9d.; maids'do., 4s. lid ; 10 to 13 hessians, 5s ; do. 7 to 0, at 4s. Od ; 10 to 10 mock lace, 5s ; 7 to 0 do., 4s. Id.; do. in button, 10 to 13, 5s. 2d ; 7 to 10, at 4s. Od.; 10 to 13 alpine bala , 6B ; 7 to 10 at 4s. Od ; 2 to 5 lovant bats., Is. Od.; 2 to 6 kids, 2s. 3d. to 2s. Od.; children's, 2s. Dd.; mock button, Ss ; do. fy. straps, 2s. 5d. to 29. lid ; ladicB' Grecian allppers, 2s. Oil. ; also, colonial goods as under-Maids' cai( almas, 4s. Od.; women's do , 63 3d. to Gs ; 10 to l8 do., 8s. 0J. to 4s ; 7 to 0. do , 3s Od ; do. high lace, 39. 8d.; maids' do , 4s lid.; men's grain hals , Us Oil ; do. lace, Gs ; men's almas, 6a. Od. to 8s. 3J ; do. bluchers, 4s. Od. and 63. to 09.; women's (y. kid, 09. Id.; do. cashmore, 8s. Id. to33. 4d.; do. prunella, 4s. 2d. and 4s. 3d. Candles have advanced, nnd owing to tlio continuous rise in the vuluo of tallow at home, the probability is that still higher rates will bo required. A» tho frtock Í9, in a great mousuro, withdrawn (rum the market (or iho present, it Is almost luqwESiblo to given tollable quotation (or Imported brands. On Tuesday, tho 27th ult, howover, SJJ. was obtained at auction (or Schiedam, a drouin Btanco which shows that the market Is now begin- ning to he affected by tho mov ement ; at tho samo timo damaged candles wiro Bold at BJ J. For Jcuar's and other brands in conti fal our Sid. to 8}d. Is required. 600 boxts of Jcnar's wero som privately laat week, anil on TucBday, the 4th Inst., Schiedams won) quitted at 8Jd. Private telegrams adviso Jcnar"sag having rison to Cid. In Loudon. Tho Nora Com- pany's aro quoted at lOjd.; but the Btock is Tory light. Stocks In bond this week amount to S chests and 8,813 boxes. Vlctorlan-made candios aro going off steadily, as It Is clear that, Bhould tallow fo higher, a further rise In candles is made necessary, Irantimc, Kitchen's pctrollncs aro quoted at Sid. to 8 Jil., this maker's star brand being got rid ol at 7jd. to 7H. The Apollo Oompiny's Apollo candios aro goto» off steadily at 8jd. to 83d., whllo their comet brand brings 7jd. to 7Jd. Cements.-There is no largo business doing In Fort, land, tho heavy shipments advised having for Bomo timo restricted tho demand. Knight, Bevan, and Co.'s has thcreforo to a great extent only a nominal quota- tion of 10s. Od. to 16s Od. In other brands business has oponed at a reduction, DOO barrels of White's having been cleared off publicly at 15s Od. to Ka. Od. This week SOO c&sbB; Lumburg factory cement were sold publicly at 12s. Od. to 13s. Od. Plaster of ParlB, which has been tory ecarco, has been this week dia poscd of by auction, and as high as 20s. was realised for 100 barrels. Chemicals -There Is little ol Interest to refer to, sales being of tho most limited character. Soda crystals ara quoted at 8s. to 8s. 3d. for largo paresis. Trado sales of Victorian are making at 0). Carbonato maintains a quotation of 14s. Caustic soda Is offered at 13s. for 60 per conk and 14s for 70 per cent. Flowers of sulphur aro now quoted at 15s. Tartario acid Is saleable at l8, lid. to 2s. Cream of tartar is worth 1B. ed. to Is. Od. Prepared opium is valued at 26». Chicory shows no chango whatever. There Ia a moderato demand, and tbo trado continues to be supplied at fijd. In tins and 6ii. per lb in casks and bags. Coffoo has a fair trado Inquiry at unaltered rates. Plantation, according to Bamplo, ia disposed of at 10}d. to lOJd. Java plantation is quoted at »}d., and for native Ceylon 8d. Is accepted. Under date Colombo, September 13, a private communication states regarding this product :-" There la no change to report In our markot, and prices are firmer than when wo last wroto, at 60r. for crops. We havo nartod with a largo crop of about l,700owt. at this Hint, and wo do not think there is much chance of the price going below this for lino coffee." Confectionery.-Assortments of Victorian aro moving off Bteadlly at Old. Candled peel finds buyers at lOd. to Is. 2d. Jujubes are quitted Is., Is. Id. Cordage.-AB was fully anticipated tho very high cost of Manilla homp bas compelled mnnuiacturerB hero toadvanco prices of thla description, though there is no chango announced ou Now Zoaland qualities. Best Manilla hemp Victoria-made rope, is now quoted at £01 ; cordago Blues, at £72 ; lashing, at £04 ; and flat ropes at £70 to £87. Kew Zealand fUx-mado rope Bells at £43. Lines can bo purchased at 42a., but for cordage sizes 60s. Is wanted. Lashing can bo bought at 40s. Seaming twines reallBo from la. to la. ljd. Shop twines bring from Od. to lid. Fish.-Wo report a fair trado demand, but notwith- standing the vory favourable nature of home advices, tho market has not been greatly stimulated. Ling is moving at 6Jd. to ijtl. Half-barrols white herrings are quoted at 28s. to 30s. lib. herrings In tina brinsr Os. 0d. to 7s. Bed herrings In tins aro dlspo3od of at 2Ss. to 82s. lib. salmon is in Blow Balo, and no special business la reported ; wo quoto 03. to 0s. 3d. Halves sardines are well held, and the Btock having bocomo concentrated, dealers havo difficulty in executing orders. Wo quoto for halves 10s. Quarters aro soiling freely at 6s. ljd. to Da. Si), lib. oysters havo had a considerable Inquiry, and numerous sales havo boen made at 7s Od. Wo now quote 8s, with a Arm market. Lobsters aro worth from Ss. Od. to 8s. Od. Fruits.-At a public solo last week a most unex- pected declino on raisins WOB submitted to. Tho cir- cumstance was all tbo moro surprising, as proviouBly, through tbo caro and caution oxulblted, holders suc- ceeded In establishing an Improvement. Córranla, howov or, havo been neglected, and scarcely any busi- ness can bo reported. Wo quoto 5¡d. to 6J,d. for good samples, and sales have been making at the price. At auction on Tuesday, tho 27th ult, consldorahlo parcels of raisins of very fair quality Indeed wore offered publicly, but as tbe tiado evidently felt llttlo dis- position to oporate, unless at a reduction on previous ruling rates, the auctioneers wero compelled to accept 0j¡d. for Kleines, 0|d. for Valencias, and "id. tor sultanas. Since then, however, holders have refused to sell at those rates, and Bionics have been dlsposod ' of at all prices ranging from 6JJ. to 7Jd. Valónelos have this week been sold at 7d. to 7id. Sultanas wore agola sold publicly this nook at71d., though holders gonorally refuse to look at tho price, and wo quote from 7Jd. to 8d. Muscatels range from gd. to IB. Figs aro saleable at Od. to lid. Dried apples aro disposed of at 7d. Flour and Orals.-Immediately after tho departure of tho lost moll steamer llttlo of lmportanco was allowed to come before us with rcspoct to broad staffa. Owing to tho weakness evinced in tho homo market at tho closo of tho previous week, business last week oponed dull and heavy, and Borne difficulty was experienced in supporting values, notwithstand- ing that supplies from tbe country districts bad been very moderate. On Wednesday morning, the 23th ult., however, English telegrama advisou an iinox pected advanco in London, and an improving tendency aftcrwardB was experienced. Operations in- wheat during tho week though thus stimulated, how- ever, wore not cliaracterisod by any largo Bales, nnd millers operated but sparingly, though well known to he exceedingly ' boro of Btock Towards the close of last week an Improved feeling arose, which led to largor sales, and lu all about 6,700 bogs nero quitted, chiefly at 6s. Od., the latter being paid for fine samples. Thla wook an improved In- quiry bos been porceptlblo, conséquent on tho further advanco advised in the homo markets, and a much moro satltiiactory business has been done, both privately and at auction. For although tho week's supply showB a great incrcaso on the provloui, yet that lias caused llttlo Inconvonlenco, as it ia known that by far tho greater portion Is intended for export On Monday business opened with a firmer fooling Early in the day »mall parcels of wheat were Bold at 6B. 7d, but the prlco hardening, is. 7Jd. waa asked by tho close of the diy. On Tuos day no business was doue at auction. Buyers, however, Bhowed moro eagerness to oporate Crlvalciy, and 6s 7d. was offering freely forlargo lines, ut only in one Instanco could wo hear of Its ac-, contonee, when n line of 3 000 baza changed hinds On Wodncsdny, nu improved demand was apparent, and some nttbor largo parcels changed hands. A line of 8,600 hogs under negotiation at the. close of busi- ness hour« tho night-before, was closed for In the morning at 6a. 7d. Subsequently another parcel of 1,0C0 bags was taken up at 6s. 7d. Under the lnmroer, l.OsO b*>g8 wero also cloired off, 1,000 of which went In ono lino at 6s. 7d., and ECO In smaller panels at 6s. 7d., the balaneo realising 5s. 6}d. to 6s 0}d On Thursday at auction 600 bags were cleared off at prices rising from 6s. 3fd. for common to Es. 7d. for primo. A Uno of 1,000 bags of primo waa disposed' of privately at 5s. 7iL, and sovcral good pareóla wero under offer. On Friday sales of off wheat transpired at 6B. 0)d., and a lino of 10C0 bags One was placed at 6s. 7di, at which there Is a firm market. Flour in like manner, though comparatively little noticed In tho early part of last week, waa largely dealt' In towards the oloso. Ort Friday and Saturday a movement Bet lo, which carried off 760 tons (360 tons being to ono buyer), at £11 6s, short terina, inoklog tim market vory much firmer this week, with Un advancing! tendency. No largo lines havo been quitted, though £11 6s. nos paid on Monday for a line of 60 tons, and £11 7s. Od to £11 10s. was obtained for a smaller lot. On Tuesday, £11 70. Gd. was realised at auction and TI vatcly. On Wodncsday no actual sales woro effected, but a firm quotation of £11 6B. to £1110s. was maintained. On Thuisday we reported tho quittance of 230 tons for shipment on private terms, whllo 60 tons changed hands for local uso at £117s. Od. Since then, only ~a trade business has boon dono at our quotation of £11 7s. Gd to £11 10a., at which tho markot. closes quiet hut firm Our quotation for wheat in Adelaide is Da. 4d. nor buahol. Our latest quotation for Adelaide vvlicat in London ia 60s. per quarter ox warehouse Country BuppUoa during the fortnight amount to 4,822 bags of flour, and 10,000 bags of wheat at Melbourno and shipping ports, tbe ship- ments during the Bamo period being ' given as 7,031 boga of flour. Heavy shipment«, ho wovor, aro Btlll making, though-not yet cleared at the Customs. Tho total exporta for tho year now amount to 130,037 bags of flour and 730.243 hogs of wheat- In feeding g.alns, oots latterly have hail improved attention, and tho markot previously show- ing wcikncss, haa Improved again. Last week about 3,600 bass wera quitted at prices rising from 3s. 2d. to 3B. 4d. and 8s. 0Jd, This week, on Tuosday, under the hammer, at the various sales, 2,500 bags (2,000 ' bogs betng-Now-Zealand), wero cleared off at prices ranting from 3s. 3d , 3s. 4)d , and up to Si Old. On ' Wednesday, about 760 bags wore.disposed of publicly - at prices rising from Ss 2Jd. to 3s. 7d., tho latter being paid for One milling. Privately about 1,800 bags found buyers at 3s. 4d. to 3s. 4Jd., and up to 3). Od. Slnco thon a moderato demand has oxlsted, and quotations stand, Sa. 3d. tu 3SJ 7d., With a firm' market. Maize, affected by short supplie«, rose to 4s. 3d. to 4s. 4d., at Which only a very ordinary trade demand could homet. On Tuesday last, however,i 1.CC0 bags were sold at 4s. 2d., by auction: to arrive, at-which the prlco has tinco continued. Malting barley has had an-lmprovod-lnqulry, and somogood lines bave been placed. Primo samplos havo bean' quitted at Ss. 7d. to 8s. 8d" while aocond qualities have been disposed of at 88. 6d. to 83.'Od. -Bran has been in request at 15d. and 15"d. Pollard has bcen qulttcd at Is. iú. Victorian oatmeal has been reduced, to £18. Victorian pearl barloy ia moving at £20. Gunpowder.-We report, a aomowbst quiet trado demand, and ordinary requirements aro supplied at* about late rates. Mali's is quitted at 7Jd. to 8d.' KalmcsV and Curtis and Harvey's meet with pur-' chasers at 7d. to 7JU, while other brands make 7d. to 7jd. ' Hops have not been marked by the slightest '. appearauoe of aotlvlty, Bales being restricted to t|io'' mero execution of trado orders. Tasmanian are quoted at Is. lid. to 2s. 2d. Victorian make Is. Od. to l8.' lOd. Kent are moving quietly at 2s. 3d. Bavarian i are nominal at 2s. Od. . , ' Malt.-Since Wo lost wrote little has transpired with. reSfH-ct to Imported- descrlptions, which wo quoto ut IO?. Od. to Ile. 'Victorian-made lias a fair trade in- quiry at our quotation cf 6a. Od. Metals.-Pig Iron is improving ia value again, owiDgtotho continuous advance taking place In tim homo market A eulpmcot of 100 tons lias been token up hero at £4 12J. Od., and since then purchases hive been mado at £4 15s. mid £5, Galvanised Iron is golnc; , off ficely. Further telegrams havo boen received from Loudon regarding this iron, which advleq tho .quotattofi for second brands as haling boen advanced to £17 16s. Later telegrams advlso stock hw Ing rlson to £21, tho advance on Orb being 20s. Tho Improve- ment has had a good effect boro, and Bales hare been mado at prices which could not have been realised a bhort tlinoogo. 100 cases or Emu brand (20 g»ugo)havo been placed at £20 10s. ; 100 cases Davis' 20-gau.to have also been taken up at £20 10s.; Orb, 21 gauge, is quoted at £20103. ; 00 casca of this brand, 2'J gauge, hav o found a purchasor at £21 15s, and holders of .this latter brand, now rcqulro £22 for assorted In- voices. 60 cases Stork hate also boon placod at £21. Bar and rod Iron is moving at £0 to £11. Shoot Iron is selling quietly ; assortments of Nos. 8 to l8 aro quitted at £11, while for Kos. 20 to 20, £13 la ob- tained. Plato iron Is in fair request ; wo quoto £11. Hoop iron for trade purposes is offered at £0 10s. Nos. 0, 7, and 8 drawn fencing wires aro In request ; eales aro making at £13, £13 10s, and £11, thus show- ing on improv ement. In lead, eliot Is Btcady at £33 ; shcot brings £21. Tin plates aro offered at 10 per cent advance on invoice tor good assortments; v.o quote ISs. Gd. for parcels, and 10s. for Brrall, lots of I C. coke. Muntz metal Is slow at 71d. Ëwbink's nails are disposed of at 20 per cent, off list prices. French nails aro valued at los.; American nails bring 2ls. Collina's and Sbarpc'a heavy axes aro soiling at GGs. Anica's shovels are offered at 65s. Day'd D-Il. shovelB, 34ln. to 361n., 42s.; other makers', Bamo Bizcp, 30s. to 30s. In hollovvarc, Baled coutinuo to bo reported, ot 30 per cent, off list. Oils-Operations in oil havo been trifling. Tho demand for Kerosene having dropiied to a mere trade lLquiry, llttlo of consequence has como before ua, and with the oxccptlon of a Bale of 6t0 cases of calcium light at a cuiiccf-s'on on 12'd.} wo havo bad no sjieclal sties whatever to notice. Test oils generally oro quoted at 12'd to 12Jd , a reduction being mado on largo lines. Stocks in bond this week amount to 47,053 cases. Castor oil U moving quietly nt 33. au. Under dato Calcutta, Boptimbcr 6, Messrs. F. W. Hcllgcrs wnto :-" Coator oil continue« Urin, and in good demand. From Ennpo sumo extensive orders have como in, part o( whl .h aro ?_?] to bo executed, but porUculais ore kept prívalo. Tho nqulry (rom your part of tho world has also set In afreah, so that values oro well maintained at 9 Sr. for good Beconds, equal to 2s. 8Jd. per gallon, ( o.h ; 9 4r. for ordinary, equal to 2e. 7»d. do ; 0 2r. for thirds, equal to 2s. 71rt. do." Other olhfaro In lair request. Utiseod oil is salcablo at 8s. Od. in drums, and 8s. Cd. in wood. Colta Onds bnv crs at 4s 3d. In drums, and 4s In cask. Olivo is quitted at 5s. 3d. in drums, wbllo 5s. Is ob- tained in bulk. Chincso oil Is steady at 8s. 2d. Polar oil is quoted at prices ranging from £30 to oilmen's Stores.-Wo rcjwrt a steady though quiet trodolnquiry, but nothing more, and quotations for or- dinary wanta aro well sustained. PickleBoro moving at 8B. Od. for red cross, brand ; Imported oro soiling at Os. Od. to 10J. Od., and up to 12s.; assorted bottled fruits oro quoted at 128. and black currants aro got rid of at 13s. ; lib. jams, rod cross brand, are quoted at 6s. to Os. (k1.; Balad oil, quart«, .realises 18s. to 22s. and 24s.; pints bring 0s. 6d. to 12s. 6d., and halves oro going oU at 6s. Od. to 7s. Od.; castor oil, pints, can bo purchased at 8s., half-pints at 4s. Od.; sauces range (rom 6s. to 12s.; capers aro moving at 7s. to 7s. Od. [Bryant and Hay's Testas aro worth 4s. 8d- ; Wood's vestas aro quoted at 6s.; Palmer's command 4s. 8d.; B, Boll's aro Arm at 4s. to 4s. ljd.; (or Boll and Black's, 4s. Od. and 4s. 7Jd. Is asked. Colman's mustard Is saleable atSJd. per lb. (or 71b. tins; lib. tins roaliso 10s. 3d ; and Jib. tins command 5s. Od. Keen's D.S.F. Is moving at 18s. Od. in lib. tins, and Ol. Od. in Jib. tins. Colman's white and blue starch la quoted at 5Jd.; Orlando Jones's Is worth 6Jd. Thumb bluo ralos at HJd. Sago bringa 2,d. Macaroni and vermicelli aro valued at lOd, Black popper is going oU In small lots at OJd. to 7d.; white popper is hi lair demand at Od. and 0}d. Provisions.-Tlio auctioneers report this week: Cheese-Supplies still como forward slowly, and primo sorts are short of demand. Prices at the nubile Bale ranged (rom Bjil. to Cid. per lb. (or good to prime quality, and (rom 4d. to 6d. per lb. (or medium, with good demand; Inferior was slack at (ram ljd.- to 3d. per lb. Butter,-Potted-Thero was only a small supply forward, and prices wero firm at a slight adva-co on Jost week's ratea, ranging from 7jd. to 7j.d, por lb. (or primo; medium to good is in fair demand at from 5d. to CJil. per lb.; inferior dull at from 2d. to 3Jd. per lb. Fresh-Thora was a full tupply forward, and prices all round wero Arm at full late rates. Prlvato dairies' ranged from 7Jd. to Od. por Ib., and collectors' lots from 7d. to 8Jd. per lb.; in- ferior lotB at lowor rates. Hams.-Bd. to 7Jd. per lb. for country cured. Bacon, 8Jd. to 6d. do. _ _____ Quicksilver.-Btocks aro very light, but wrThavo no chango lu values to report Tho quotation stands at 2s. Id. Rice_Patna continues to bo neglected, and only tho most trifling lots tor actual requirements can be moved oU. Wo continuo to quote for trado parcels In bond £14 6s. to £14 10s, and for quantities £13 10s. to £13 15s. Is a (ah- quotation at tho present time. Duty-paid lots aro offered at £21. Dressed rico moves very slowly Indeed, tho demand being unimportant, and confined to supplying actual wanta. Boedhi Rajah is disposed of at £20 to £20 10s. Mel- bourne-dressed Java realises £24 10s. to £20. Japan dressed Is offered at £28 to £24. Bangkok brings £21, and Rangoon £20. Saigon Is la slow Silo at £20. Bait-The low prices ruling direct moro attention to this product Some largo parcels havo been do* snatched to Sydney, and that clrcumstanco has tondod to relievo and steady tho market. Coarso Liverpool is quoted In parcels at 75s. About 800 tons havo boon sold oí lato at about this prico, and for smallor lots 77s. Od. may bo got. Vcrdln's uno Liverpool ia worth 80s. to 82s Od. London Uno stoved is saloiblo, In small lots, at 95s. Two lines of 50 tons each were sold lately at 87s. Od. Sugar.-Notwithstanding tho vory light stocka held, operations In this market aro of a very ordinary character, and It la (ound to bo avery difficult matter Indeed to excite the slightest animation, though a decided Improvement has beea noticeable Victorian refined qualities have had better attention, and on one day last neck alone as much as 180 tons wero placed. Quotations aro maintained. No. 1 brings £33, Ko. 2 Is quitted at £34, and Ko. 8 sells at £30. In other descriptions wo note the following bus! ness :-Last wook wo reported sales to tho extent o( about 8,000 packages. This week, on Monday, business opened with tho sale of whites at 353., ami of brewings, which aro v ory scarce, at up to 37s. On Tuesday, at auction, a firm tono was presented ; 4,010 packages Queensland (ound buyers at 85s. for whites, 32s. Od. (or grainy yellows, 20s. to 823. (or yellow counters, 32s. to 32s. Od. (or greys, 28s. to 28s. Od. (or solt counters, 27s. Od. (or browns. Sales of Mauritius whites aro reported privately at 35s. On Wednesday we reported trado sales at 35s. 61. (or hard dry whites, which aro in request (or manufacturing. 000 pocket« whites were also disposed of at up to 359. 300 pockets low yellows have been placed at up to 81s. Hattons nero'sold at 269. (3d. 156 bogs oi damaged Mau- ritius, cleared off at auction, realised 27s to 32s Od. On Thursday COO pockets Mauritius yellows wero quitted at a full price, and medium whites wero placed at Sis. 550 pockets Queensland wero dis- posed of at £28 to £20 10s. (or counters, and £32 10s for groyB. Brewers' aro in request, and rations are likewise wanted. Tho Queensland yield of sugar Is turning out badly, andtboprodnction la nownot likely to reach within 4,000 tons of tho original estimate Since thcu nothing of any special Interest has trans- pired! Tbo arrival at Adelaide o( tho Einpreza on tho 1st lust. waB advised. Tea.-The low prices ruling (or congous has Induood buyers togo heavily Into stock. A very satisfactory trade has been dono in all descriptions of teas. Prices aro a shado lower (or medium sorts, and (rom ¿d. to Id. (or common leafy qualities; medium sccntvd pekoes realise fiirly wall, and are not plentiful. At the public raice about 12,000 packages havo changed hands curing tho last 14 days. Indian Teas.-A vory succcsiful auction salo was held on tho 0th lust., vvuo-r. 1,800 half-chests nero eagerly computed for, ovory Uno Belling at au advance over last auction silos of about 2d. to 2}d. per lb, tho highest pilco being 2i (¡lil. per lb In bond, and common broken leal and r-ouchongs wero well Bought after at from 1B. Id. to li. 2d. Somo largo private sales haye also boen reported, amounting to nearly 800 hjK-chosts. Quotations: Broken Hat, OJd. to 7d.; leafy comtnou. 7id. to 0d.; common to good common, Od. to 10^d.; good ordinary to flavoury katsovvs, ltd. to Is ; medium to (Ino, le. Old. to Is. 2d.; lino to finest, Is. 3d. to l8 6d ; iliolce, Is. Od. to Is. "ii.; choicest, 13. 8.1. to ,1s. >9d.; scented orange pekooa-choleo Foo-chow, 1B. Id. to Is. 7d.; do. Canton, lid.; gunpowder, Can- ton, lOd. r 1 imher.-Only a very modorato business has been done tinco no lest wrote On Friday, tho SOtli nit, tho cargo ol cedar, ex Adelaide, was disposed o(, wbon li logsTjreught 48s. per lOOIt. super., 11 do., 891, ; 10 do., 37s. Od ; 10 do., 33s.; 10 do, at 83s. 3d. ; 50 i-o., at30s.; 40do., 29s. Kx Southern Cross, 21,000ft. Tasmanian hardwood, 3 x 2, a x 2, 0 x 2, 4x3, 0 x 3, 8 x 3, 4 x 4, 6 x 4, 0 x 4, 10 x 4, 5 x 5, 0 x 5, 10 x 5, 0 x 0, 8 x 0, 10 x 0, 0 x 0, 8 x 8, 10x8. were qulttod at 03. toSs. 0d. per 100ft super. On Tuesday sorao considerable parcels wero placed on the market. Tho cargo of Norwegian timbor ox Saturoue, 1,277,0171t., was disposed of at for 1-out whlto weall)orhoards, 6a. Od. to Gi. G1, per 100ft llueal ; 0 x j whlto T _ O headed realised 0s. to 03\. Bd. d». ; 0 x I whlto T _, G, 7s. 3d. to 7s. du.; 0 x 3 do , 8s. Ud. to 83. 3d da. ;Or. red T i G beaded, 0] 8d. to 5s. Od. do. ; 0 x -J rod Til), 7s. Od do. ; 0 X j ild., 03. Od. do. ; 0 x le do., 12s. UJ. do. ; 4Jft. pfekots, £9 103. per 1,000 ; lit. do., £8 10s do ; ex Barrabool-cedar planks and hoards, at forbin, and 111" , 4d. per loot super.: Ula., 4Jd. do.; Iln., 4d. 3-lOtha do.; Jin. and Jin., i\d. do., (ace ' measure ; at the Kew Dock, the cargo ex Zephyr, ' (or 44,0O0It. sawn hardwood, 8 x 1, S x 2, 4 x 2, 5 x 2, 0 X 2, 8 X 2, 9 x 2, 8 x 8, 4 x 3, 5 x 3, 0 x 8, 8 x 8, 9 X 8, 4 x 4, 6 x 4, 7 x 4, 0 x 6, at 0s. 0d. to 8s. per 100ft BUpor; 5ft. piling», 13s. 0d. per 100 ; 0(t do., 14s. 3d. ; cart-shafts, 8s. 8Ü. per pair; ox Woga, (rom Frederlckstadt, brand S and W, CB8 pieces 0 x 8 rod doilB, at 4d. lMOtbs to 4{d. per foot lineal ; 4,230 sawn picket«, at £6 2s Oil. per 1,000; 4,170 sawn laths, 80s. Cd. per 1,000; ll,400(t box boards, 3s. lOOIt. lineal ; 270,094ft flooring, lining, and weather- ' boardB, at from 12a. Oil. to 5s. Od. per 100ft. haeal. Ou Friday, the 7th, ox Leura, Un. cedar boards and Bcantlihg, 6}d per foot super ; Jin. boards, Id. 9-lOlhs do., (ace measure ; Western Australian Jarrah and kami logs, planks, and flitches, 14s- Od. per 100ft. super. Ex Gulf of. Finland, 2,103 9x8 Baltic red deals, H.n.H. brand, 4id. to 4d. 5-lOths per (oot 0 x 3 ; 10 logB cedar, 45s. per 100ft super.; 10 logs do., 43s. do; 14 logs do., 40s. do.; l8 sawn cedar fltUhos, 40s. do. Ex David Brown, 183,017ft. whlto pine. Shelving, at £13 Cs. to £16 7s. 0J.; 8,500ft. clear while pine shelving, at £10; 18,133ft. T. and G. celling, at £11 ; 80,1191t. Michigan clear pine, £18 to' £1815s.; 29,054ft Canada clear pine. £10 123. Bd. per 1,0001t. super.; 90,000 4tt. spruco laths, at 88s. _x TlllloBakor, 27,22S(t. white pine shelving, £14 6s. to ' £1416s.; 29,189ft T. and O. celling, at £11 ; 2Z,640tt. Canada clear pino, at £1010s. to £17 6s ; 201 spruce deals, 0 x 8 and 11 x 3, at 4d. 7-10ths per foot 0x8; 27,0004ft, spruce laths, at 38s., , , Tobacco.-Victorian-mado goods havo a vory ordi- nary trado demand, and wo aro not apprised of any chango in quotations which havo hitherto ruled (or flat worlc at Is. k1, to Is. Od. (or common to Is. 8d. (or ordinary, and 2s. (k1, (or Uno qualities, In bond. Imported brands havo (or some time been kept oil, thb market This week, however, It was announced .hy tile agent-(or Cameron's i goods. Watson, ll'Gltl, and Cp.'s, Over tho Water tens, '-e, the principal holders here, that they will now offer at an advauco' of2d.cn flat work and IM. on twist, anticipating, moreover, that OU tho arrival o( tho next American rma|l anirthcrrtse will bo made'necessary. Imme .tUately laftci wards It was reported that caasiJcr able sales o( Cameron's, Haven, < and 8t. Andrew's twist, also Blackswan, as well as Two Seas,1 had been «fleeted, and thero Is little (car, therefore, of ?tho - Improvement required J holng ? i established. Quolatlonsaro ¡-Common quality flat work, 8d. to 10(1.; , medium, up to In. ; good, 18d. ; Uno to best, la. 2d. to Js. 6d.; navy tobacoocs (High Admiral) bring up to le 7jd.; twists aro saleable at Is. Id. and Is.3d.and Is. , 5d. ; aromática and nav les, Is. to Is Od. and up to 2s ; Manilla cheroots and cigar», Ko. 2, 60s.; Nueva Havannah, 07». Od. and 70s.; Nuevo Cortadas are quoted at 07s. fld. to 70s.-stacks aro considerable ; Bwies cigars are valued at 80s. for Ormond's ; up to 83s. Is obtainable (or Frossard's ; Tavcraey's are moTlng at 82s. Od.-the stock of Svvias is Hkowlao con- siderable ; German cigars are In good demand at 303. to UOs ; Homburg sell at up to £10 ; gonulno Havan i ah bring £12 upwards Wines and Spirits.-In wlnco little beyond a routine nqulry haB been experienced, htierrica have been diBpOBcd ol at £28, £42, £31, £37, £52, and £56, and ports havo been moving at £22, £32, £10, £18, £54. £02, and £78. Champagnes aro lu (air rcquoBt at all prices, ranging from 27B. Gd. to 60s. (or common to good, 60s. to 76s. (or fair to good, and 82s. Od. to 100s. for fine to superior. An auction sale of Uno clanto was held last neck, when 180 casos wero quilled at up to 51B., mid SO cases at up to 41s. UrniidltB In bulk arc only noticed for trado purposes, and no si Lclal talcs can ho reported, though deuuud for medium quain H a led to the quittance of a few parcels at Of. Quotations aro supported, and alio» iiltlecliangc :-HenneFsy'iil87fj, 13s. to 13s.Od pergal ; dp. 1877, 12s. Od ; Marten's 1877 S, 11s. to l18. 6d., do. datk, 12s ; Otard's 1875, 12s. Od.; do , 1878, 103. Od. ; Barrlatson'a, 83. to 10s ; Marctt's, 9s.; Denis Mouulc's, Da.; Chompagno Vlnoyarda', 8B. to 8a. Od.; Jules Itobln's lfc7S dark, 8s. 3d.; do. 1E03 do., 13s 0d ; Renault's, nominal at 8s 0J.; Biaquit Dubouchrj's, 7f. 9d. to 8s ; La Grande Marque, 83 3d. to 83 01.; Mcukcw's, 8s. Cd ; La Grande Marquo, 83 ; Vine grew era', 8s; Lucien Bollol'«, 7a. Cd. to 9ä. Od.; Associated Vinoyards', 7a., old is quitted at 83 ; Alboit'e, 7B. lo 7a. 3d. ; Dulary'a, 7a ; Central VInejardB', 0s. ; Prunlcr'B, Cs. to C3 8d.; Rlümrd and Mullet's, 6s. ed.; Gaspard's, 5s, 01. dso brandies hav e been moro noticed. 2,500 casca of llen ncesj'a were taken last week in parcela, and 600 cisea have been quitted this week at 3is 0d. Mirtoll's Is moving at 33s. to 34s. Otards has been going olí at 2l)s. Denis Mounie's bringa 31s ; Mcukuw's, 28a. Marctt's commands 308. Renault's brings 23s. Luden Bellet s Is movlog, and our quotation 21s. is sustained. Richard and Mullers sails at 10s. Other brands range from 10s. to 223. Rum Is In slow sale. R.W.i>. and Lemon Hart's j brand oro quoted at 3s. Gd.; Queensland rum is worth 2s. Cd. Geneva hos not been rnarkod by much activity. JDKZ la steady at 16s 3J. to 15s. Od. for 16 bottles, pealed and lahollcd. Vondcnburg hell brand 1B steady at 14s. OJ. ; Meeds'» key brand meets with favour at 14s. 3d. Whisky moves off very frcclv, and a good business is dono, though no large lines aro taken up. Thom and Cameron's whisky la quitted at 3s. Od. to 3s. 10d.; John Ross aud Co.'s, Is quoted at Blinilar ratcB; values generally, according to brand, range from 4s to 4s 8d., 4s. Od. to 6s. 3d., and up to 6a. Dunvllle'e bringa up to 5s. Od , with a fair inquiry. William Jarnleson's la quoted at 6a. Gd. Klrkcr, Greer, and Co.'ti Loch Pim brand 1B saleable at 6s. 7Jd. in hulk ; wa quoto 18a. lu case. Vint's brings 6a. 3d. to I.e. Od. in hulk, and 18s. in case. Encore brand sella at 10s. Od. cote, and Os. bulk. Planet brand, In bulk, very old, is quitted for trado purposes ; wo quote Os. Od. to 10s. Ford's Castle Blond finds buyers at Os. Od. to 10s., the latter v cry old. Walkcr'B bulk maintains quota- tion of 8s. to 8a. Gd., and IBs. Od. case. Usher's old ratted Glenlivet Is quoted at 7B. Od. to 8a. 8d., and special reserve has boen Bold to arrive at 10B. Standard brings 7s. Cd. to 8s. Cd. Innes and Grlcve'B Uara Var commands 6s. Or).; their very old sells at 12s. DunviUe'a easo con- tinues to go off at 18s. to 18s Od., according to quantity ; sales aro making steadily. Royal Blond 1« moving freely at 19s. Od. to 10s. Od. Lome whisky bas good sales at IBs. to 18a. Od. Standard soils at 18s. Cd. Thlstlo Blond realises 19a. to 209. A steady business Is dono In Mitchell's at 22s. to 21s. Bull whisky is disposed of at 40a. Sir It. Burnett's old tout is quitted at 12s. to 12s. Gd. in retail lots. MELBOURNE WOOL AND STATION PRODUCE REPORT. Messrs. II. Goureunouau and Co. (LIUITKD) report I Wool-The transactions during tbo fortnight havo been confined to the clearing out ol the last remnants of tho old clip preparatory to tho commencement of tho new Bcason, which opens to-morrow, tho 12th Inst, when the first sale will be held at our ware- houses. We notice that several new buyers havo arrived, and tho attendance at our auctions this season promises to be larger and more representa- tive Uian on any previous occasion, tho con i tinenta! contingent bolng numorous and lnfluou tioL Many French and German manufacturers hitherto not represented in thla market ore now availing thomsotves of the facilities offered them by tbo direct steam communication via the Suez Canal with their principal ports, which will onablo them to obtain delivery of their purchases at their factories within Blx or boven weeks after the wool leaves Melbourne This advantage to the mill-owner is obvious, aa he is thus able to place bis new goods in the market fully two months earlier than had he awaited tho offering of tho now clip at tho Lon- don February Balea. The grower also dorlvos on equal benefit In increased competition, tho re- sult of which Ia evidenced by the comparison of tbo prlcoB obtaloed bore and thoso realised In Lon- don for the Bamo wools. This year we shall offer on increased numbor of superior clips, a largo proportion of which, principally from tho neighbouring colonlos, aro now submitted for the first time lu Melbourne, and wo fool confident that largo sales will bo mado it growers will be reasonable in their expectations. We learn by cablegram that tho third sorios of colonial wool sales torrninatod in London on the 7th Inst. Tho tono of the markot was firm at the close, especially for medium and washed mcrlnoos, which aro Jd. per lb. above opening rotea. Good western llccco has sold wo!!, and superior washed crossbred has improved fully Id. per lb., but Inferior sorts, notably coarse greasy crosshrcdB and faulty scouroda, have been depressed throughout the aeries. The total quantity Bold amouuts to 310,000 bales, and 46,000 bales havo boen bought In and hold over tor the next eales, which are fixed for the 22nd November. The following vessels havo cleared with wool on board Bince our lost summary, dated 27th Soptembor, viz.:-Cathay, s.S., 1,114 holes, on September 28, and Liguria. B.B., 1,151 bales, on 6th October. Freiguts to London por Bailing vessels are ruling at £d. per lb. for greasy, and 3d. per lb. for washed ; and por steamers, via Suez Canal, Bd. per lb. for greasy, and Id. per lb. for washed. REVIEW OE THE STOCK AND SHARE MARKET. Thcro has been a decided falling off In tho amount of business done in the mining market. Tho continual flotation of new companlos, and the large amount of calls now requiring to bo provided evory month, lias produced ita inevltabloresult-dulneas, even In respect of gold-getting companies, and depression ia others. There has not, howover, been any considerable general fall In prices, holders exhibiting great firm- ness in most cases, and were the market relieved for a timo from the now company mania, business would doubtlcEB soon improve. In debentures, banks, O as, Insurance, and other companies a moderate busluoBS has been transacted, generally at full previous rates. Tho Govornmont havo given notlco of o four millions loan for railways and other purposes, further particu- lars of which will hu found in anither column. Tbo new bank at Ballarat bos altered its namo from " Tho Mining and Agricultural Bank" to "Tho Joint Stock Bank of Victoria." Tbo following ara tho principal quotations mado and business done during tho past fortnight : Debentures.-Victorian Government Blx por cents., duo 1SS0, held for £112 10s. Do., due 1885, sold at £100 to £109 5B ; Bonds, due 1883, at £101; and do. live per cento , due lbOl, at £110; do. four por cents, (btock) had sale at £103, and offered at £104. Banks.-Australasia in request at £78. Australian Deposit and Mortgago (£26 share) held for £30 5s. ; Do. (£5 shore) Bold at £5 14a ; Australian Freehold had eolc ut 64s., and cloao buyer at Bamo ; Australa- sian Agency and Banking Corporation changed bands to good extent from 403. Od. to 60s., and ono lot quitted at 403. Ballarat (paid), buyer £7 10a. Colonial sold at £0 4s. to £0 5s.: and Omi merdai at £6 14s. to £5 l63 Od., closing at £515s. City of Mclhourno Bold nt 05s. to 05s. Od., and now Usuo at 32a to 323. Od. Joint Stock Bank of Vietona nominal at 103. seller, 133. buyer. Land Credit, buyer 28s. Land Mortgage sold at 40s i Gd. National, Melbourne Register, sold at £810s to £8 10s. Cd., and Natloml, Adelaide Itcglator, at £8 lSe. Gd. to £8 14s. Kew South Wales sold at £02. New Zealand offered at £25 for Mclbourno, and at £24 10s. tor New Zealand Kcglster. Oriental, Boiler £20. Union, Boiler £04 5s. Victoria, sollor £38 10s. Gas.-Ballarat cold at (£14, buyer eamo. Bendigo, buyer £010s., Ecllcr .£0 12s. Brighton sold at 27s. Od. Dixon'* ncgicetcd. Metropolitan Bold at £3 7a. Od. to £8 Es. Insurance.-Australian Alliance, buyer £0 10a., ecllcr £016s. Colonial Mutual Fire uold at Sa. Od. to 7s., and hu} or at latter. Indemnity sold at 31s. Gd. to 80s., and ecllcr at 30s. Od. National Fire sold at IDs. Southern, buyer 20s , seller 21a. Victoria Fire, seller £012s. Od., and do. Lito, ecllcr £7. Miscellaneous.-Australasian Mortgage and Agency EOldatOlB. Ballarat Woollen Mills, scllor 20s. Brew- ing and Malting Bold at 60s. Deniliquin and Moama Hillway, seller £7. Langlands Foundry Co., buyer £14 15s , Boiler £10. Melbourno Woollen Mills Bold at 33i. to SOB. Model Lodging-house sold at £10 103. to £17. M'Culloch Carrying, Boiler. £108 10a. Mutual Store, buyer 00a. New Zealand Loan and Agency, buyer £0 6s, seller £0 ' 12s Gd. Fermowon, VVrigbt, and Co. sold at 08s. Tramway and Omnibus Bold at 80s.; do, new issue, seller 74s. Trustees, Executors, and Agency auld at 40a. Victoria Ice, buyor £19. West End Brewery sold at Us. to 12s. Od., closing 12s. 9d. buyer, 13s. Od. seller. 'Jin Mines.-Cornwall Bold at 3s. Od. to 33. Cumber- land, seller 818 j and West do, at 3s. Gd. KrnproBS Victoria sold at Ga Od. to 6s. to 68. Od. Jingellic sold at GH., closing sollor 6s. Od., buyor 0s. 3d. Montagu Extended sold at 5s. to 5s. 3d. Mount Bischoff, buyer £60, seller £02, Mount Ramsay sold at 2a. 3d. to 23. Gd. Orient Bold from 4B. Od. to l63. Gd , and closed at 13s. Od. buyer. Prince George sold at 39. to 29. Gd. Stanhope, buvcr£515e., seller £0 6s. Gold Mines, Ballarat, &o.-Al; Perthshire sold from 16B, Bd. to 18s. Australasian Extended sold at 80s. to 308\. Band aud Albion Consols sold from £9133. to £0 17B. to £0 8s. Band and Barton United sold at 17s. to 17s. Od. Balmoral (8s. paid), buyer 12a. Berry Consols Bold from 84s. Gd. to 769., closing at 783. Do. Kxtendod sold at 20s. to 27s. Od. Black Horse Unltod bad small business at 40s. to 41s. Burko's-flat sold at 4s. 2d. to 4s. Gd. Buninyong Estate Bold at ,13a. Od. to 14s. to KB. Od. Carisbrook United sold at 80s. Gd. to 2ds. Od. ' City of Ballarat sold at £4 12a. Od. to £4 15s,, prior to issue of new shares. Clover-hill Bold at 23a. to 22s. Crown Cross "United Bold at 21B. Curran's sold at 5s. Duke's sold from 70s. to 80s. to 83s.; Duko Consols at 49. 3d. to 8s. 3d.; Duke Estáte at £810 to £360; and Duke No. 1 at 10s. to 10s. Od., Egerton sold largely at from £5 10s. to £4 4s. Od. Goldbrook, seller 17s. Golden Stream spld at 233. to 20s. Haddon Valley sold at 12s. Hepburn Home Paddock rose from £8 10s. to £10 103 , receded to £3, and cloro at £812s. Hepburn Consols sold at 003. to 03s. to 00s.; Hepburn No. 1 at 289. to 203. to 22s. to 24B. Od.; Do. No, 2 and 3 nominal at 27s. Bo. Estate sold from 22a. Sd. to 25a. Gd. tu 22s. Homebush United' cold at Sis. to 82s. Gd. to 768. Kong AJcng sold at Ila. Gd. to 14s. to 12s. Od. Langridge Extended Bold at 03. Gd. to b3, Gd. Long Tunnel, bli) cr'£05, seller £07 10s. Lone;Tunnel Extended Bola from£135s to£06s.to£10. Lone Hand nominal at £12*Buller; Lord.Harry at 42s. Od.: and Lord Clj do at 10a Gd. Loughlin's sold from £8 l63, to £0 Os. to£8 18s. to £10. Madame Deny sold ii oin £14 7e. to £13 17a. to £14 6s. to £14 t2s. Od. Newington, poid,nomlual at 7s. Gd.; new Bold at 4s. to 3s. Cd. Kew Australasian sold at £9 103. to £10. doting bny'cr'£10 2a. Now North Clunes, adler' £8 5s. New Kurth HomobuBh add at 17s."Od. to 13).; paid up wanted at 218. New Koh-i-noor, Boiler 303. North Australasian sold at 45s, to 37s. to 41a. North Bond eold at 4Ga. te 40s. North Birthday sold at 14s. to 15s. North Long Tunnel, seller 4s. (k1. Parker's United told from 38s. to 3(13. to 87B. Cd.' Queen's Birth. ' day sold from £10 to £2010a. to £17,clostng at£17 6s. Rlbing Star sold at 80s. ' * Rlulorl, seller £0 5)., buyor £0. Serjeant's Freehold sold at 27B. to 25s. Seven-, hills Extended sold at 75s. to 78s. Spring-bill Loads sold at 11s. Gd, to ills. Od. (South ciuues, seller £7. South Homebush sold at 13s. to 0s. Gd. Sydenham, seller 4B. Gd. Union, Amherst, seller 17s. Union Ex- tended, Talbot, told at 0s. -Od. to 63.' Gd. Victoria, Day leaford, sold al Is. Od. to 2s. to Is. lOd. Wilson's, seller 0» Gd. Working Miners sold from £8 2a.-Gd. io, £8 ,16s. yorkshire sold at 81. 3d. Young Band Extended spld from 51s. to 42'. Sandhurst.-Acadia Catherine nominal at 17s. Bel- mont and Saxby Bold at 63s. to, 60S. to 54s. GJ. Catherine Reef United sold at 25s. to 25s. Od. to 22s. Craven's Bold at C3, to 69.' Eastwood nominal at 17s. Cd. Ellenborough Bold at 38s. to 35s., and Ellcunero No. 1 from 80s. to 31s. Oil. to 88s. lo 36s. Empresa of India sold at 4s! 3d. to 4s. Od. Frederick tho Great nominal at 93 scllor. Carden Gully United solu at £5 12i. Gd. to £5 2s. Gd. Garibaldi sold at 18s. to 15s. Od. G. O. Consolidated sold at Es. to 7B. Gd. Jobneon'saud WobBter's, buyer Is. 3d,,eellor4s 'Jd. La Belle Bold at 25s. Gd., and close at 2Js. Lndy Barkly, seller 13a. Od. Lazarus, seller 8s New Chum Consolidated Eold from 61s. to 453. New Chum Hallways, buyer Ila-, seller 13s. New St. Mungo Bold at 5". Gd. to 6B. North Hansel Monday Botdat 1R. 5d., and closu at 1B. 3d. North bbenandouh had sales at Ile. l>d. to 13s , but close ut 10s. Od noller. Old Chum, buyer C3. Gd , teller 03. Princess Allco Bold at 8s. 9d. to D8., closing at Es. 3d. Princess Dagmar, buyer 7a, seller 8». U0E0 ni Denmark, Boiler 2a 2d. Sadowa enid at 20s. to 27s. South Catherine Bold at 33 Od. Shamrock, teller Es. Shenandoah auld atOs. 3d. to 10s. lo I,H. Snob's W11 sold at 7s lud. to 89. to 7B. Gd. South St. Muiyo sold at 103. Gd. to 103. St. Mungo sold at 27s. Gd. to 2Cs Gd. "United Devonshire sold at 10E. Cd. York and Durham bold at 19s. 0d. to 20A, but close ut 18s. 0d. Dividends_Black norso United, Is. per 10,000th thcro; Queen's Iilithdoy, 2s Od. per0,000th share; Ellenborough, l8 per 24,G00tb share ; Eastwood's, Gd. per 24,000th thura; New Chum Consolidate J, Is. per 28,0C0th shore; Aevv Chum and Victoria, Od. per 25 OCOth tharo ; Old Worl Irg Minoru", Is Od. per G,C0ct!i Eharc ; Band and Albion Consols, 2s. Od. per 22,460lh «hare; Bocccourto, la. per 0,000th share ; Lone Hand, 8?. per 12,000th slinro; Now Australasian, 89\. per lO,C00th ' Bhare ; Parker's United, l8, per 20,CC0lh ti aio ; Black-hill, Od, per shore. SHIPPING AND FREIGHT RUPORT Mr. S Di BKII and Co. report:-" _UI.n" ii past (ortnlght freighting mattera generally aro «iv out any alteration to rqiort Tho now sinsonS has been arriving Ircoly, but ontaldo ot Blilnm»i per steamers nono hua gone forward, tho bulk ol ik wool being stowed in the wool warehouses r»»*.' the first Bales to Uko place on tho 12th inat. wh? shipments will he freely modo by Balling ships onT home loading berth, BO as to reach tho Lon.u! February sales. OWIDB to this no sailing ship hu ¿Ï to dato been despatched hence to London within, wool. Rates to London per sailing ahlps are ban* maintained, and wo seo no reason to look Iori? alteration. Thoy aro as loliow :-Wool, M andi/ per lb. (or greasy and scoured ronéctlvri'.. sklnB, S<1\. per lb.; tallow, 60s; leather? 7"! to 76s ; tin, copper, and ores, nominally Is.-¿ti VU ton of 20owt Prospects for tho approaching mS, season aro not so bright at present as wo trusted thm would have been, owing to tho protracted dryweitl»? but a seasonable downfall may still raise them to lut season's surplus. If not better. South Austrau? although labouring under tho »ame drawback loo?, forward to a heavy surplus, and wo trust the Bama n_i be realised. Forward charters havo been condurW and further inquiries are being moda on a basis of Iron! 60s. to 52s. 6d. to tho channol for orders. Coal ritZ (rom Kowcostle (N S W.) continuo weak, anil u» nominally as (ollow :-Dong Kong, 17s 6d ; Shansbi 21s.; Manila, 17s.: Java, 18s ; Singapore, 21s - Sahw 22s.; Yokohama, 21s ; Mauritius, 23s,; Colombo iS'. Bombay, 22s ; Ban Francisco, 12s. ed " ' "*> STOCKS IN BOND. Tho following were tha stocks In bond at Melbonm. on October 1 :-Brandy-4,700 hhd., 28,002 ,_¿¡, rum-985 hhd., 634 coses; geneva-11 hhd., les?» cases(4 gallons), 1,191 green cases (2 gallons); whlskr 3,488 hhd., 21,127 oases ; gio (sweetened)-?> d7 1,003 coses; cordials-1,029 coses; spirits ol w"e_u casks : other spirits-83} hhd., 8,000 cases ; wins!. 2,24SJ hhd., 18,420 cases; boor-092 hhd., 17(ñí cases and casks; tobacco (tnanuracturod)-225 quirt», tierces, 2 keg!, 1,605 three quarter boxes and bom' 3,600 coses ; do. (umnanuticturod)-839 tierces oí? and casks, 201 casos, 017hoxos, 184 hales ; clgara-fti coses; condies-6 chests and cases, 8,813 bow keroseno-47,035 cases; coona and cbocolato-iM1 packagos ; coffee-1,009 bags, 40 tierces, 89 car« 805 barrels; chicory-242 packages; opium-¡ia packages; oats- 21,136 bags; hopi-87 packu&r; rIco-49,273 bags, 170tons; salt-10,871 bafn;ilnS -010 caBks, 1,276 cases; tea-1,416 cheeta, 1656M hoK.cbcats, 169.010 boxes ; sugar, Mauritins-)» bogs, 860 pockets ; other ports-88,435 baskets, 3 Ml bags, 180 mats ; refinery-720 tons, 5,740 cues' ci casks. _ SHIPPING OP THE FORTNIGHT. PORT OF MELBOURNE. AattrvALs .in Cuuiuiiraa smes OUR LAST BDIIIIUT [B.. British ; A., American; Au., Austrian; Di' Danish; D., Dutch ; F., French ; Ch., Chilian; p' Portuguese; Pr., Porurlon; I., Hallan; N., Nor! steamer.] Sept. AnnivitD. 27\. Boturnus, G. bq., 008, O. Schado, Christiana, -AndcrBon and Marshall. 27\. Blloro, B. bq., 1,727, W. Clayton, London.-Joh Blyth and Co. 29\. David Brown, A. Bh., 005, Jos. N. Pondloton, B» ton.-Kewell and Co. 30\. AmalO, G. s.s , Rudolph Frenzen, Hamburg.-W. Crosby and Co. Oct. 1\. Gulf of Finland, B.s.s., 2,223, Jos. Brock, London.. Dalgety, Blackwood, and Co. 2\. Vonetla, R.M.S.S., 2,720, A. B. Danloll, Gallo, it -Goo. Withers. 2, Tllllo Bakor, A. bq., 710,1. B. Boynton, Bostoo.. Kowell and Co. 8\. The Lord Warden, B. ali., 1,237, O. F. Coot London.-J. H. Whlto and Co. 8\. Cassiope, B. sh , 1,669, W. Withors, Llwpool. Vlrgoe, Bon, and Chapman. i. Collingwood, B.sh , 1,011,0.N. Forbes, London,. W. Crosby and Co. 6\. Cardigan Castle, B. sh., 1,200, Lewis Davies, Leo. don.-Wm. M'CulIoctl and Co. 0\. Cblmborazo, s.S., 8,847, J. F. Ruthven, London. Gibbs, Bright, and Co. Sopt. Ct-EAnED OUT. 28\. C«Uiay, R.M.B.S., 2,083, W. M. Rabble, Oalle.-Q, Withers. Oct. 4\. Liguria, B s.S., 4,000, O. K. Conlan, London, vii Adelaide_Gibbs, Bright, and Co. SHIPS CLEARED OUT WITH COLONIAL PRODUCE. TORT OF MELBOURHE. SEPT. 28. Cathay, for Point de Galle.-8 ra apparel and efftcil, 4 cs 2 cks biscuits, 80 bgs pollard, 11 pes plankiog,3a diugs, 1 cs bags, 28 cs provisions, _c" 81 cs merchin. diso, 2 csfrult, 57 cs potatoes, 1 cs cheese, 3 cs books ird ropers, 8 cs furs, 6 cs wine, 645 bgs flour, 10 cs hep. Wn mineral waters, 1 hhd. whisky, 8 cka tailor, 1,114 blB wool, 284 bis leather, and 27 boxes trcsj-t tbipment (value £121,041) OCT. 4. Liguria, for London via Adela!do.-28 tons 15 cut rough copper, 1,151 bis wool, 232 pipes tallow, 80 bj leather, 13 bis basils, 99 bis skins, 780 bgs ilour.il tks soeds, 72 pkgs merchandise and effects, 11 ita Fpecle (valuo £42,099), and thrco bxs conh__t, 4,282oz. 12dwt. of gold (value £17,130). PASSENGERS SINCE THE DEPAE. TUEE OF THE LAST MAIL. Bun. 28. Cathay, R.M.B.S., (or Galle, _c. Passcntro saloon : For Bombay-Miss Mordt, Mr. B. O'Briti For Madras-Messrs. K. BchlfTmoyor and W.D Maltbj. ForBrlndlsl-Mrs. FiBhcr, Misses FlBher (two), i_ tw 0 children. For Southampton-non. F. S. and Mu O'Grady, Mr. and Mrs. W. Atkinson, Mrs. Vcitet, Miss Stead, lira Carlyon, Mesara O. St. Barbe, 0, B. G. Carl] on, and A. T. J. Carlyon. OCT. 4. Liguria, B.s, for London, via Suez and Nipla Pasjengers-- saloon : For London- Mr. J. L. Re«, Mr. M. V. Hodge, Hon. J. H. and Mrs. Saodiliadi Mr. A. Lj on, Mrs. Fleming, Miss Fleming, Mr. ni Mrs. J. O. Lloyd, Miss Lloyd, Charles Lloyd, lien. Lloyd, Ada Lloyd, Miss Rattray, Mrs. Cumming, 10. anti Mrs. J. H. Ireland and infant, Francis Ram, Q> tain do Steiger, James Mills, O. W. Francis ; and li locond, 43 third, and 02 in tho Bteerage. STOCK AND SHARE LIST. MOKDAY, OCT. 10. 270100 580020 230G0O 812900 042881 100000 176000 200000 157000 162000 9729000 50D78O 500000 500000 23100 Viet. Gov. 8 per cents., due 1889 Viet. Gov. 6 per cents., due 1886 Viet Gov. 6 per cents., duo 1883 Viet. Gov. 5 per cents., due 1894 Viet Gov. 4jier cent, stack.. Mclboumo Corporation 6 per cent. Melbourne Corporation 6 per cent Metropolitan Gas 6 per cent. M. and H.B.U. Railway 6 per cent M. and H.B.U. Railway 5 per cent. Kew South Wales 5 per cent .. Kow South Wales i por cent .. Kew Zealand i per cent. Queensland 4 per cent Mclb. Moat-presorvlng 6 per cent _|£ Hil«!! IM un ii 60000 25000 400250 350000 1000000 600000 126000 1000000 1600000 120000O 1600000 1000000 ( 176000 60000 86000 14891 2980 80000 657210 25000 ' 60000 10250 6000O «0000 41760 7000 lOOOOo! PUBLIO Conr_rm_. BANKS. Bal. Bankg. (Llmity 10 Do., newlBsuo .. Colonial of Austral. Commercial of Aus- tralia (Limited) .. 2|Mclb. Bank Con», ration (Limited).. Kational of Austral- asia 20|Kcw Bouth Wales ( Victoria (Mot.rog.li 1 Do. (London reg.) Land Mortgago 10 Kew Zealand 55Union ¿("Australasia .. 26|Orlental .. London Chartered o( Australia City oí Melbourne.. OAS co-r-ruis, Ballarat .. Bendigo .. Castlemaine.. Daylesford (Limited) Geelong .. Metropolitan iHSimAKcn. Australasian Lifo . Australian Alliance National Flro Insur. Southon! Insurance Victoria Lifo & Gen. Victoria Insuranco (Limited).. -ISCCLI.lNEOOa . Gipps Lnd. Steam K. 6 Mell). Mcat-Prcarvg. lTrusteca", Execu- tors', and Agency. 20 Victorian leo lUlLWAVS, 4lDcnIUquin & Moama I»? I 3« UVJiüii ' Including bonus, t -na bonus. 