OUR AMUSEMENTS. " Have a care of your entertainments"— Shakespere. Theatre Boyal. " Ours " is making matters at this theatre look as they ought to be. Opera House. " The King of the Tranquil Valley " is dead, but his ghost didn't walk. How (li lard. Queen's Theatre. " Nothing succeeds like success," but success such as the pantomime at the Queen's has achieved is only merited by efforts as gigantic as those made by Greville, the King of Theatrical Lessees. Not one night since the pantomime season commenced has there been a seat vacant in any part of the house, which is always crowded with happy and amused audiences of adults and children. The only people who complain are the doctors, and they say the youngsters have been too busy talking about Jack and the Giants to find time to have such trifles, as the measles or other like childish ailments. Those parents who have neglected making their children happy for the remainder of the year 1881 should avail themselves of the first opportunity to take their youngsters to the Queen's, as Christmas cannot last the whole twelve months, and, despite its popularity, the pantomime will shortly be withdrawn. Afterwards, another treat is in store, as the powerful drama of " The Danites," is to be produced on the same scale of magnificence that it was in Melbourne, from which eity the following artistes will arrive to support the present com pany: Miss Annie Mayor, Mr. and Mrs. Palmer, Mr. Theodore Hamilton, Mr. J. J. Wallace, and Mr. Elliott. Gaiety Theatre. Actors, like £5 notes, and Members of Parliament, have a limit to their powers of endurance, and Mr. Marshall has found that too much of "Quilp"is not good for his moral well-being. He finds himself sticking pins into and pouring hot water over his private friends, and generally becoming demoralised, so in spite of tears and protestations from the general public, the little monster will make his final bow for a time. To-night (Saturday) Byron's Farcical Comedy, in 3 Acts, " Uncle," will be produced for the first time in Australia. To attempt to praise Mr. Marshall in comedy is as un necessary as it would be to tell King David of Mudgee that he'll never be knighted ; and Mr. Punch will only say a great treat is in store for those who attend the Gaiety, on Saturday night, to witness Mr. Marshall's acting in " Paul Beaumont." Miss Marion Melrose, whose beautiful interpretation of dear Little Nell has endeared her to thousands, will appear as Mrs. Beaumont, a part that affords full scope for her undoubted power. Hero and Leander. Like Cock Bobin, the scarcity of water, and Ninian Melville's views on Protection, are "familiarly familiar;" but Hero and Leander brought to Sydney, colonized and localised, is a novelty that will be offered to the public at the Opera House, to-night (Saturday), when a burlesque of that name will be produced under the management of Mr. James South. The libretto is the work of a Sydney lady ; the music being composed by Mr. Thiodon, and Mr. Punch hopes the whole will prove a great success. Strauss Band. This powerful band, which has been creating such a furore in Mel bourne, is coming over in several ships to Sydney ; and will blow the old Exhibition building to fragments on the 26th instant. Mr. God win has applied for permission to fence in the whole of Bedfern and several other suburbs, so that the public can't hear the music for nothing, the Strauss Band, even when it plays in a whisper, being heard for miles around. Mr. Punch has tried hard to remember the names of one or two out of the hundred or so instruments played upon, but has ignobly failed. He can, however, assure every man, woman, and child interested in the matter that, once they near the band, they won't care two straws about the Christian or other names of any monster in the band. Botany. Don't forget Frank Smith and the attractions at Sir Joseph Banks Hotel on Anniversary Day. a 