? NEW SOUTH WALES. Sydney, September 18. A complimentary picnic was tendered to Captain Onslow, M L.C., and Mrs. Onslow, at Campbelltown, on Saturday, as a mark of the esteem in which they are held by the nsidentaef tbe district. About 300 persons were present including several members of Parliament. The weather to-day is very warm and dasty, quite summer-like. The Queen's Theatre was well attended on Saturday night, when Charles Bean's version of "Louis XL" was performed, in which the character of the French monarch wu represented by Mr. J. Dewhurst. D'Arcy Bead, opened the Victoria Hall, Castlereagh-streetr,. with a ghost entertainment. Offenbach's comio opera *' Madame Favart" was produoed at the Boyal to a good house by Masgrove'r Opera Company. The music is lively and: sparkling, and the opera went welL Miss Pattie Laverne as Madame Favart appeared to more advantage than in any previous opera played by the company in Sydney. Mr. Fred Mervin also bad a good reception. About 2,009 persons were present at the Garden Palaoe on Saturday afternoon, when Sir Michael Costa's _«ratoriO' "Eli" was effectively rendered by the Sydney Musical Union. The principal parte were sustained by MisB Annis Montague, Miss St. Clair* Messrs. Charles Turner, John Bushelle, and O. J. Holdingdale. Monsieur Budolphe, the French billiardplayer, opened a series of billiard exhibitions on. Saturday evening, at the Royal Exchange Hoto'-, in the presenoe of a considerable number of spectators. • There is a speculative enquiry for tobaeco.bus holders refuse to sell, exoept at an advance. Galvanized iron, Stork brand, is offered at £22. Breadstuffs are unchanged. ..... Arrived, September 17—City of Adelaide, Bells, barque, from Lyttelton; Edith May, schooner, from Blsff Harbour; Menmuir, from Foochow. September 18—E. J. Videl, from the South Seas. • Departures, September 17—City of Adelaide, Chicklay, Honolulu; Ousuri, for Melbourne; Malcolm, for Hobart. Septembsr 18—Ohiltoa, for Hongkong; TAsman, for Hobart. Wilcannia, September 17. The open-air meeting held this afternoon to urge upon the Government to inclade an extension of the railway to "Wilcannia in their policy was a complete failure. Only about thirty persons attended, not a single representative from any leading firm being present. Hr Coe, the late complainant in the.. Police Court sgainst the Bev. Wm. Webster, addressed the meeting, which, not caring to listen to him, was adjourned sine die. Only twenty points of run have fallen at the diggings, but the weather is threatening. 