FROM EXILE. ' PAEIS, 3rd. SEPIEMBEB. 187-9. (A Moth$r>.8pealc3t) ; • AH, dear God, when will it ba da*? ? I oannot sleep, I cannot pray. ' Tossing, I watch the silent Btars Mount np from*the horizon bars: Orion with his flaming sword, Proud.,(J^ieftain oi tha^loriousioida ; . . Auriga up theJofty arch Pursuing still hie stately march— So patient and so calm are they. Ah, -dear God I when will itbe day? —Oh Mary, mother! Hark'! I hear A cock crow through the silence dear 1 The .dawn's faint orimeon streaks the east, And, afar off, I oa)oh the least Low murmur of the city's stir As Bhe shakes off the dreams of her 1 List! there's a sound of hurrying feet Far down below me in the street. Thank God 1 the weary night is past— The morning comes—'tis day at last. Wake, Bosal ie! Awake; arise I The sun is up, it gilds the skies. She does not-stir. The young sleep, sound As dead jnen in their graves profound. Ho, Bosalie! At last P Now haste! To-day there is no time to waste. Bring me freeh water. Braid my hair. Hand me the glass. Once I was fair Ae thou art. Now I look so old It seems my death-knell should.be (oiled. 111? No! (I want no-wine.) So pale? Like a white ghost, so wan and frail ? Well, that's not strange. All night I lay Waiting and watching for the day. But—there! I'll drinkit; it.may make My cheeks burn brighter for his sake Who comes tc-day. My boy! my boy 1 How can I bear the unwonted joy ?— I, who for eight loDg years have wept Whild happier mothers smiling elepfc; While others decfeed their- eons first-born For dance, or fete, or bridal morn; Or proudly emlled to Efe -.hem stand The etateiiest pillars of the land!— For he, so gallant and so gay, a young and debonair ap they, y beauufu?, brave boy,.my life, ent down in the unequal strife! The right or wrong? Oh, what care I? The good God judgeth up on high. nd now He gives him baok to me! •tremble so—I scarce can see. How full the streets are ! I will wait His coming here beside this gate, From which I watched bim as he went Eigbt jears ago, to banishment. I will sit down. Speak, Bosalie, when You see a band of stalwart men, With one fair boy among them—one With bright hair shining in the sun, Red, smiling lips, and eager eyes, Blue as the blue of summer skies. My boy! my boy! Why come they not t Oh Son of God! hast Thou forgot Thy Mother's agony P Yet she, Was she not stronger far than we* We common mothers ? Could she know From her far heights such pain and woe ?— Hun further down the street, and see If they're not coming, Bosalie. Mother of Chriet! how lag the hours! What ? just beyond the convent towers, Ahd coming straight this way ? Oh heart, Be still and strong, and bear ;thy part, Thy new part bravely. Hark! I hear Above the city's hum the near, Slow tread of marching feet; I see- Nay, I can not see, Rosalie—- Your eyes are younger. Is he there, My Antoine, with his sunny hair ? It is like gold; it shines in. the sun ; Surely you eee it ? What ? Not one— Not one bright head ? "All old, old men,' Grey-haired, grey-bearded, gaunt? Then -r-then He has not come—he is ill, or dead! Oh God, that I were in thy stead !| My son I my son! Who touches me ? Your pardon, sir. I am not she For whom you look. Go farther on Ere yet the daylight shall be gone/ "Mother!" Who calls me. "motherP You? You are not he—my Antoine. You Are a grey-bearded man, and he Is a mere boy. You mistake me For some one else. I'm sorry, sir. God bless you! Soon you will find her For whom you seek. But.l—ah! I— Still must I call and none reply? You—kiss me ? Antoine ? Oh, my eon! Thdu art mine own, my banished one! GENIUS OF ONE SOBT—Successful business people (says M. K. D. in the Ledger) are bom } not> taught. Their genius is individual as that of a painter or a sculptor, a poet or a musiciac. Give this kind ot man five pounds to start with, and you will find him prosperous and comfortable in incredibly short period of time, and, that without having been dishonest or a miner. That money must be made by meanness or dishonesty is only a self-comforting fallacy which people who have not the power, of taking the tide whicb le^da on to fortune at its turn, like to take to their hearts. Wh«n you have been cheated, it is ten to one that it was by some unlucky person who would probably have been more honest had he been" richer. Oh, yes, it is actual genius—this power of making a shilling double itself, when in the hands of most men it would diminish like the " jolly sixpence" of the old drinking song. How many people have been " set up ia business" by their friends and failed; while one poor young woman rose pennilesB from her pillow one morniagi took the last of her flour and sugar and made a batchof little sweet cakes before the children, who were te be her customers, were ready for school,, and so laid the foundatloa for one of the largest confectionery manufactories In the world. And a poor little fellow, who had not the use of his limbB, beginning with a few papers, gradually built up a great publishinghouse, 'I do not tell these anecdotes because I believe that everybody can make money who tries to do ae. Eoonomy and hard work will not do it, although they will do xauch. . It is the power of seizing upon chances as they come; of calculating results; of refraining from dangerous speculations and entering into advantageous ones; it is in being neither over bold nor cowardly. In fact, it' is something nobody cm learn* any more .than he could learn to compose B?ethoven 4 a music, or paint Coweggio'e pictures, or write Shakspearcf's plays. Some good men have the power, and so have some bad men, some refined persons, some coarae person*. A.hd assuredly thoBe who have it should rejoice ; and let those who have it not refrain from sneering at it. I pever do. Awards on celestial chemistry, int^e latest number of th'e Edinburgh Review, diicusses Mr. Norman Lockyer's theory pf the evolution of the stars baaed npon the clasufipation of their colours proposed by the Roman astronomer, Secchi, just .before his death, nearly three years agQ. By means of the spectroscopej Secchi separated thp stars inty four classes; Fir at, those shining wHfy a white or blnish light ; second, yello^ sUra; third, Biara of a'reddish t int, wlth> peculiar columnar "spectrum ; and? fourth, "blood-red atars. MrT Lockyer tfcnks^M'these cUspes ^represent shpcesdvsi ^steps of progress in stellar existence from vigour to decay, the whitest and brightest stars being presumably the hottest and the' youngest, while the reddest are the coolest and the oldest. This theory ia criticised on many grounda, and reference is made to the change of colour. in Sirius, the dog-star, as disposing of ths view that a roiy tint indicates stellar decadence. If' that view were correct, Sirius ought now to be ruddier than in ancient times ; whereas there ia clear historical evidenceth»t ttis star, which is how brilliantly wtttqi redder than the ; planet Mftt onlj t^othousand yean ftgo. —Harper 1 Monthly. 