THE NEED OF REVIVAL. By Theodore L. Cuyler, D.D. A vigorous article in a late number of the Independent discussed the " dearth of revivals.'' So important a topio calls for further discussion. It is not a theme for vapid rhetoric, but for grave reflection. It is awakening wide and anxious thought among the people of God in all denominations. That there is such a dearth of what we usually designate as " revivals" is a fact beyond dispute. The official statistics of the churches prove it; the religious journals confirm it; for no special awakenings occur in the churches without being communicated, sooner or later, to the religious press, Another fact of which 1 reel quite sure is, that a majority of the members who have been received into our evangelical churches during the last forty years have been converted in seasons of revival. This doeB not apply to every church, for in some churches there has been a slow and steady ingathering of members without any peculiar periodical excitement. Upon such nocks the converting influences of the Spirit have descended like the dew, without any alteration of drought, followed by periodic showers I of greater or less frequency. Many of these j conversions have been in the Sabbath-school I and among the children of Christian parents who were faithful to their obligations. The church in the house has fed the church in the sanctuary. Occasional conversions among adults have occurred from the regular preaching of the Word; and it has been the habit of these churches to work on in this slow but rather uniform method. An eminent and useful pastor once said to the late Dr. Spencer : " After I was settled over my church, for about fifteen years we used to receive into the church, on confession of their I faith, about fifteen or twenty persons every year. We had no revival. Then there was a great revival, and we received in six months I more than all we had received in three years, After that we had very few gradual admissions, and so it has been for the last twenty years, Every few years we have a revival, and after it a dearth, and then another revival. And now, j if anybody should ask me which system I prefer, I should have no hesitation in saying the old one. I know it is not for me to choose. God is a Sovereign, and sends His Spirit as He chooses, but u ,4- I t am sure that ii i our prosperity, r on | the whole, was greater and our converts wore better under the old system." This was an important and valuable testimony. It corresponds with the opinions and experiences of some other pastors. But the sagacious minister to whom it was addressed (Dr. Spencer) was himself a firm believer in genuine, carefully-managed revivals. He some times received a hundred members into his flock at one communion season as the fruits of such awakenings. My own humble judgment has coincided with Dr. Spencer, whom I regard as one of the most sagacious physicians of souls in these modern days. He was progressive, without being extravagant and fanatical. My experiences have tallied with his also, Fully three-fourths of all the two thousand persons whom I have been permitted to receive into i • the Church of Christ „ have , been received , during the seasons of unusual prayer and activity. The year or two after these revivals have not witnessed many accessions. This can » be accounted • for from the -Li fact that ii a lame portion of the most impressible people have i been awakened during the period of revival; and also from the unquestionable fact that seasons of unwonted religious activity in any one direction 0 are apt i to be ° followed r. n j by , n J seasons J of comparative repose. Equally true is it that the Holy Spirit is poured out at one time with more power than at another time. This holds true with the ;i„„i • a . • . . individual experiences of most Christians. Hiven in the early church at Jerusalem there were three thousand souls converted in one day, and we do not read of any such day's work there afterward. We do notf read that a reaction followed in any of these converts; nor have ever observed any reaction in my church after seasons of deep and powerful revival. There has been a falling off in the , » . " I number of conversions (just as there was at Jerusalem), but I have not detected a falling off in the piety of the church. oh, 1 . r . . . , „ ihe alarming feature in the present aspect of the evangelical churches is that the number of accessions is so small—whether by the gradual system or the periodic revival method. Last year the total increase in the number of communicants in the Presbyterian Church (exelusive of the Presbyterian Church, South), was only 4,200. This does not i, include J. • the T> " U I. ' P's" or the Cumberland Presbyterians. But when i" we cocsider that it includes 5,400 individual congregations, and shows that there was less than one addition to each church, the statement is absolutely appalling Some statistics equally tartling were presented at the Congregational Council. These two denominations are probably no worse off than the Baptists, Methodists, and Dutch and German Wormed, if the Dottom tacts were carefully brought out; for, while there is more or less addition each year to the front rank of the church armies, tZ y ® I map rear, e by ,r deaths <>n and desertions, i m o r t a l i t a t th The dearth of revivals has left the great evangelical bodies of the land almost at a standstill as to numbers. New churches are spring ing up i» the West, but some old ones in the East are decaying or dying out. The falling off in church attendance" ov« the land is undemable. All attempt to conceal or falsify such tacts are both cowardly and criminal. The first for our churches to do is to face them. When the returned exiles of Jerusalem were made to f Kd „r see tile distress of the city, they soon rang out the cry, " Let us rise up and rebuild 1" He not to be branded as a croaker or a pessimist who uses unpalatable truth, either as a lancet „„ 0 „„„„f Tf ^ uij r 1 or as a purge. If we should succeed by the arts of arithmetic m blinding ourselves, we cannot deceive God. Whatever the causes of this widespread spiritual decision, mo St M S M ?dly it o ^ t to 3 be stopped. If " soepticism is m the air," then 1 [ into that air must ascend more fervent prayer to the Almighty throne. The faith that freezes in a cold atmosphere has no warming, living Christ at its heart. If ugly ice-floes of worldliness and loose doctrine and unbelief clog the Church's bow, then more persistent prayer, activity, and godly living must put the power into the engine to sweep the ice away, tf^The Gospel is as true and the atoning blood of Christ as precious as when Paul preached them. The Spirit of God is as mighty as when Edwards, Finney, or Nettleton invoked His aid. Sin is just as damnable, and salvation just as desirable. If our churches are sickly and enfeebled, they must purge away their sins, take God's tonics, and get well. The disease has been running for some time, and I trust, has about reached his head. The Omnipotent JeBus says: " Arise, take up thy bed, and walk !" Just as soon as each church—yes, and each Christian—grasps his right arm, our feet and ankle-bones will receive strength. Machinery is but mockery. We need the Holy Ghost. We need more of Christ in our souls and our daily lives. When we have him the revival has begun. This terrible '' dearth" will end to-morrow, if God's people only do their duty— New York Independent. 