SPORTING NOTES. . Notwithstanding that a large number of ' - sporting men had not had time to return from Warrnambool, the attendance at Ken sington Park races on Saturday last was surprisingly large, and the lessee, Mr. Cox. must have made a handsome profit after defrayingail the incidental expenses. The sport itself, however, was somewhat shy, but a dif- fferenfc result could hardly have been expeeted, seeing that there wore no less tliarqtwo pony races, a similar number of trotting races, as well as a selling race, on the programme. Everyone was glad to see the gentleman who races under the nam e dc course of " Mr. H. Bun-ill" have a winning turn in the Steeple chase, with Gayfield, a daughter of King Alfred, who has often disappointed her friends. On this occasion the mare left no doubt about her ultimate success, as she led almost from end to end ; but if old Turpin, who was coming very fast at the finish, had r»nf f flio t.1 — J2 i i .uvsv vuiuitttu alliums J.C11C/C Uitl JJJLSu ItlllH round, we opine the mare would not have had such a runaway victory. Ranger and Pangee (who recently won at Wyndham and Caulfield) furnished the other places, but, as a matter of fact, nothing had the ghost of a chance with Gayfield, and we congratulate her owner upon his merited success. There was a bit of a "bobbery" in connection with the May Handicap, for which Bandalbion's jockey weighed out, and then an attempt was made to scratch her, upon the plea that her party had been forestalled in the market, and thai there was no money to be obtained. Of course, it was a very hard case for her party but if stewards of race meetings were to allow such things, no end of complications would arise. It is not so long ago since a well- bred two-year-old was disqualified at Fleming ton for being scratched after her iockev had weighed out, and, therefore, the stewards of Kensington Parkacted equitably as well lightly when they decided that Bandal® bion must go to the post. Kaoing mort ,be ducted by the roles Jail d«n for the guidance of stewards, and though t Shiontf0-6' ?ss 8 llani ease for liarid- , ainer, it niust he borne in mind « Jf stretward3 h< hardly any option in thq matter. It is needless to say that thq mnob — Mtagpamc»a— bmm— amm fc»anrhrir improved Bon of Barbarian and Vanity had things pretty well all his own way, but a wretched start gave him a long advantage over the others, and he cantered koine in front of Young Fireworks (who was left at the post), The Admiral, and iheiothers. Nothing else of moment occurred during the afternoon, beyond the fact that the " fielders "must have had a long way the worst u! it, as the favourites in nearly every instance came in first. Of course there are any number of race sneetings to be decided all over the colony on Tuesday next (Her Majesty's natal day), but £he one that more immediately claims the i attention of the Melbourne sporting public | is the annual meeting of the popular Mel- j bourne Hunt Club, which takes place, as i usual, at Flemington. Year by year, thanks to its admirable management, this club have : increased in popularity, and a capital entries i have been made, we think tbs.i, with " Queen's : weather," the attendance will be the largest j the'Ciub have been favoured with for many j years Mr, Barnard has not been free : together from committing faults in com- ; "piling the respective handicaps, but, never- ; theless, we hold the opinion that s capital ; «fcay s racing will ensue, it must be borne m snind that as the acceptances have to be made seale, it is almost useless to express an opinion as to how the various events will terminate, and therefore we shall con fine ourselves to merely indicating the horses we think to be best in. For the Hurdle Race our choice falls upon either Cumber land or Jack Tar; and in the Queen's Birth day Stakes, Haidee of the Hills, Billilla, and Langulac look as well as anything. If Tnr pin is in anything like his old form, he must be very hard to beat for the Steeplechase; and previous running shows that the Corin thian Handicap will be a very near thing bet ween Robbie Burns and Scotia. The Flying Stakes is a very hard race to pick, tut Bilhlla. Xianeulae, and Coolvrie appear the most dangerous on paper. However, backers will do well to defer investing until the horses weigh out. There was no formal settling -over the Warrnambool Winter Steeplechase Meet ing this year. The stakes were handed over m the secretary's office on Satur day last, and represented the sum of .£7'J8, which was distributed as fol lows ; — Maiden Plate, £40, Messrs. Rut- ledge Brothers. Maiden Steeplechase, £60, Air. R. Wilson. Handicap Hurdles, £150, Mr. M. Loughiiti; second money, £15, Mr. J. Seliy; third money, £5, Mr. E. G. Rex. Flying Stakes, £30, Mr. W. Ross. Selling Hurdles, £30, Mr. E. G. Rex. Handi cap Hurdles, £60, Mr. M. Moran. Handicap Flat, £50: Mr. E. G. Rex; 'second money, £18, Mr. J. D. Whitehead. Grand National Steeplechase, £250, Mr. M. Moran; second money, £20, Mr. M. Loughlin. Selling Flat Race, £30, Mr. J. Scobie. Selling Steeple chase, £40, Mr. C. Wilson. Mr. E. Weekes is still adding to the list of horses he is purchasing for the Indian market, as he has recently secured the steeplechaser Starlight. This horse, who is by Smuggler, was formerly the property of Mr: W. M'Millan, of the Cranbourne district, and twro years in succession won the double — Hurdle and Steeple — at Cranbourne. as well as, with lOst 71b, appropriating the Steeple chase at the Y.R.C. Autumn Meeting of 1S70. The highly-bred Odd Trick, by King of Clubs from Whirligig, who so cleverly ap propriated one of the big handicaps at Sandhurst in December last, and the Y.R.C. Midsummer Handicap on New Year's Day, left for Adelaide on Monday last by the steamship Claud Hamilton. The horse, who Is greatly fancied by his friends for the Ade laide Queen's Birthday Cup, has arrived afely at his destination. At the Singleton (N.S.W.) races on the 17th and ISth inst., the Singleton Handicap, three-quarters of a mile, was won by Euroka (8st), with Gleam (7st 12ib) second, and Hesitation (7st 41b) third. The Mayor's Cup fell to Queensberry, with Psyche and Faro next ; and the Jockey Club Handicap, one mile and a half, fell to Gleam (8st 121b), Vesper Sst 31b) and Bosher (6st 21b) filling the other two situations. The Forced Handi cap, won by Hesitation, with Avenel second, wound up what must have been an interesting meeting. By electric telegraph we learn that the spring meeting of the Hawkesbury Race Club has been fixed for Thursday and Satur day. the 25th and 27th August, and that an excellent programme will shortly be an nounced. The Tasmanian hears that Mr. Agnew, during his recent visit to Sydney, refused 100 guineas profit for his fine yearling colt Hobart, own brother to the game Melbourne, and purchased at Mr. Phillips's sale at Mel bourne in March last. The colt was to have been nominated for the A.J.C. Derby and Leger, but his name does not appear in the list to hand. The appended opinion by the Sporting Life > referring to a letter from one of its corre spondents, will be read with interest : — " A jockey is quite justified in easing liis horse when he finds pursuit hopeless, in order to keep liiin as fresh as possible for future en- gaTcments, unless he has special oiders to ride him out for a place. Tliose who back horses for places must put up witn the risk. The annual sale of the Lindenow horses passed off very satisfactorily at Kirk's Bazaar, on Tuesday iasi, under the management of Messrs. M'Culloeh, Campbell, and Co., the . average for the thirtv-six lots disposed of being £35 15s. Don Quixote, by Don Giovanni out of the dam of Don Silva, Zephyr, and Success, brought the highest figure of the sale, namely, 105 guineas ; and Devilshoof, by Don Giovanni out of a mare by President, brought the next, 71 guineas. The autumn meeting of the popular Wynd- h am Racing Club takes place this afternoon (Saturday), on its pleasant little course, and tis Mr. Vowles seems lo have very fairly r,p- ponioned the weights, some first -class sport may reasonably be anticipated. Intending vifiiord are reminded that a special train at excursion fares will leave Spencer street at 12.30 p.m. for the course, and will take np uf .--sehgsss at Footseray and Williamstown J unction, returning at half-past 5. The Ooleraine Queen s Birtnaay meeting will take place on Tuesday and Wednesday iiexfc. and judging from all Prehear, tbe meefc- feg will be a very prosperous one. On Thursday, the 13th inst., Mr. John Field, of Gaislock, ,keld his second annual j sale ef thoroughbred stock, at Goodridge's I Yafcds, Deloraine, Tasmania, wheu there was an excellent attendance. Mr. W. Dodery. of. | the firm of W. T. Bell- occupied the rostrum, but though he Cffea all his persuafive powers, the bidding for the thoroughbred stock was irather limited. Old Castle Hill, who did not look so well as usual, was passed in at £130, and The British Workman went back at 75 guineas. Mr. J. G. Greig purchased a two- i year-old filly by St. Albans out of a Peter j Wilkms mare, running back to the famous ; Whizgig, for the sum cf £85. Mr. Reibey ! eould not resist purchasing a brother to | StcCkwell for 40 guineas, and also another yearling by St. Albans out of the dam ! of the game Flying Dutchman who : ran two dead heats with Saladin for the Australian Cup, for 20 guineas. This colt, however compared unfavourably with Stock well's brother, as, like Dutchman him self, he seemed to lack size. Mr. R. O'Connor purchased a fine colt by St. Albans out of The West for 45 guineas, and a nice filly out ; oi juecepnon ror oo guineas, ana ootn nave, i we believe, gone into Poole's stable, Deloraine, : to be trained (remarks the Examiner). Mr. Erskine Parker picked up a decided bargain ; in the yearling filly by St. Alblbs out of r Calstoek's dam for 3p guineas, as, judging from appearances, he will have no cause to regret his bargain. Mr. Frank Kearney pur chased a useful gelding by Castle Hill, and Mr. George Meredith purchased a yearling by : St. Albans out of Wayfarer's dam. These were all the horses that were sold ; but Mr. W. T. Burt- purchased, privately, a yeariingcy St. Albans out of Pussy, by Cervus out of Cora, \- by Boiardo, at a price vwhich did not transpire. j The following amounts were paid over at the settling in connection with the Warwick (Queensland) races : — Mr. J. Williams, £l<82 le. 6d. ; Mr. J. Finnie. £114 12s. 6d. : Mr. C. ' Bugden, £108 ; Mr. C. Baker £87 ; Mr. J. P. i Jost, £12 12s, 6d. ; Hon. J. P. Bell, £10 14s. ; ' Mr. W. Dunlop, £7 7s. ; total, £472 7s. 6d. : Mr. Williams's cheque is due to the excellence ' of his fine colt Detective, by Melbourne out ; of Daphne, by Ladykirk ; and Eclipse was ; the principal contributor to Mr. Finnie's : cheque ; whilst the accident which left Decoy ; in the possession of the Turf Club Handicap brought Mr. Bugden's cheque up to £108. » From the Warwick % Argus of the 10th we : take the following : — " We understand that : Mr. Charles Baker, of Tattersall's Bazaar, has purchased Othello from the Hon. M. H. ; Moreton for the sum of £300. It is also re- ; ported that Sydney has changed hands to Mr. ; W. D. Coutis, for £400, without his engage- ; ments." I We hear that the well-known horse Derby, ; by Ferryman from Chrysolite, died recently in the St. Arnaud district. I The steamship South Australian, which left on Tuesday last, had on board the race- horses Darebin, Richmond, President, Plevna, | Billy Nutts, and Beadsman. The horses j arrived safely on Thursday. ? It will be remembered that about a fort j night ago we received the intelligence that ; j the Two Thousand Guineas Stakes had been I won by the Duke of Westminster's Peregrine, i with the two American colts, Iriquois and . Don Fulano, second and third. The Sporting ' Life thus refers to the winner " An outsider : for the Guineas and Derby has been intro duced in the Russley-trained Peregrine, who was not one of those allowed to leave Robert Peck's stable when the Duke of Westminster's horses were sold at Tattersall's last back-end. Peregrine, who has not yet run in public, is a great, fine, upstanding colt by Pero" Gomez : out of Adelaide, who, if looks go for any- , thing, may not unreasonably be expected to | take rank with the best of his year. He finds friends for the Two Tho usand Guineas ; at 20 to 1, and for the Derby he has been | backed at 1,000 to 30." j At a recent committee meeting of the Aus- tralian Jockey Club it was decided to increase \ the amount of the added money to the Great ! Metropolitan Stakes to £100, and that the | second horse should receive £500, and the third horse £50 from the prize. We hear : that the first forfeit will only be £1, and this : should have the effect of inducing an un- usually large number of nominations. The ? committee also purpose enlarging the saddling-paddock, and making other improve ments before the next meeting comes round. A number of horses did slow work on the ? Adelaide course on Friday morning, the 13th 1 Inst., says a South Australian contemporary, i" Mr Wilson's charges — Savanaka, Progress, and Spanish Lady — look very rough and ; tucked after their knocking about in the s steamer, the three-year-old especially present- ; Ing a very woebegone appearance as she ac- \ companied her companions in what is called i " the St. Albans Waltz." Mata, who did a I slashing gallop on Thursday, cantered, and \ he looks as well as his best friends could ; wish. Suwarrow did the slowest of canters ! in clothing. Lothair was walking about with j his injured foot bandaged up. He was lame when he cantered on Thursday. Visitors to the Warrnambool races have often an opportunity of acquiring good horses on the course. Two purchases were nniie on Wednesday at the amateur meeting by Mr. Orr, of Ballarat. One was Mr. Phillips's Spring, who was bought for £230, and the other, Mr. F. Tczer's Norong, at a price with held. Both purchases were effected through Messrs. Archibald and Bateman. The folio wiug stakes won at the S.A.J.C. Autumn Meeting were paid over to winners 1 at 4 the secretary's office on I2th May : — Start ' Stakes, R. Howie's Lothair, £85 ; A. H. j Pegler's Cock-of-the-Walk, £5. South Aus tralian Stakes, C. L. Macdonald's The 1 Israelite, £290 ; R. Love's Topaz, £20 ; R. i Holland (breeder of the winner), £30. Han- ! dic&p; Hurdle Race, W. Gordon's Beppo, 1 £115 ; R. T. Reid's Acrobat, £20. Selling ; Plate, D Grant's Mountaineer, £50. Flying I Handicap. H. Haines's Camballo, £114 : T. Jackson's Silver Thread, £3. Maiden Plate, R.. T. Reid's Acrobat, £72 ; C.L. Macdonald's ' The King's Own, £3. Nursery Handicap, T. ; Y/alkfer'jf The Moor, £150 ; W. B. Rounse- j velle's Henrietta, £5. Adelaide Cup, J. 1L Hill's Totalis ator, £885; W. Pile's Roths child, £504 Jno. Crozier jun's. Venus, £10. ! Selling Hurdle Race, E. C. Bowling's Jack's the Lad, £60 ; B. Coleman's Veno, £2. AU- Aged Stakes, E. Love's Topaz, £75 ; A. A, Fiulay s ResalC The Hurdle Race, Robertson Bros'. Marie, £78; R- Acrobat, £3. Corinthian Cup, Coleman s Crystal, £25; D. O'Dea s D.O.D., £o- Steeplechase, B. T- Re's Intrepid, £271 W. Boord's Sultan, £20. Goodwood Handi cap, D. O'Dea's D.O.D., £265 g J- E. Savfll s Miss Harriet, £5. S. A. J.G. Handicap, J. E- Savin's Miss Harriet, £12o; H. Xeends Blue Ribbon, £5. Total, £2,3ol. The Maffra Turf Club races came off on Thursday, the 12thinst. With his accustomed courtesy and liberality, and his wish to promo the public enjoyment, H. Gordon Glassfo , Esq., g nerously placed tbe splendid groun at Mewburn Park, than which a finer piece of convincing ground could not be found in t e district, at the disposal of the club for the day. It was pleasing observe that the ladies attended in fair numbers, and a good many equestriennes were to be seen on the ground. The attendance during the day must have reached 800 at the least. Napoleon (4 yrs, Sst) beat five others for the Maiden Plate, and the Hurdle Race, one mile and a half, fell to Kelpa (aged, 9st), Turpin (Sst 91b) second, and Napoleon (Sst) third, the other starters being Locust (Sst 71b) and Ragged jsck (yst 41dj. ine Jiuaiidr wuaao J-I.auvuv.ajj, one and a half, brought a field of seven to the post, and the race was landed by Outlaw (8st 31b), Miss Laura (8st) second, and Black Prince (9st 71b) third. Chatterbox (2 yrs, 7st 41b) won tbe Maffra Flatter, half a mile, beating Little Duchess (8st 121b), Ivy (6st I21b), and six others. The Handicap Steeplechase, about two miles, was unex pectedly won by Paddy's Land (9st 31b), beat ing Roekek(13st, second). Trap (9st 4ib, third), Priam (lOst 21b), Turpin (9st), and Orange man (9st). The other events decided at the meeting were of purely local interest. Mr. W. C. Yuille, the well-known stock and station agent, reports having sold Mr. W. J. Clarke's Fernando '"to Mr. J. A. Roberts at a satisfactory price. The colt, by Tubal Cain from Lurline, recently won by Mr. Gill in Mr. S. Gardiner's art union, was submitted for sale by public auction, at Kirk's Bazaar, in the early part of the week, but failing to reach the reserve placed upon him, was bought in. The colt, in all probability, will be placed in tbe hands of Mr. Heywood, who was so fortunate with old Rover for Mr. Gill. The Hawkesbury Race Club announce that foals now eligible for the Mares' Produce Stakes of 1883 are to be described to the H.R.C. or V.R.C. secretary by "4 p.m. on the 1st June, with an entrance fee of 1 sov. This is a stake of 5 sovs each for starters only, with 100 sovs added by the H.R.C., and 50 sovs for the breeder of the winning horse; for three-year-olds, the produce of the 373 mares nominated in June, 1880; colts 8st 71b, fillies Sst; the winner of the A.J.C. Champagne Stakes to carry 31b penalty, the winner of the A.J.C. Sires' Produce Stakes to carry 51b penalty, or the winner of both to cairy 71b penalty ; one mile and a quarter. Messrs Ford and Newton, of Christchurch, Nev Zealand, have disposed of the Tubal Caia-Fortress filly, the best (the Pauline filly perhaps excepted) ot the recent Bundoora ship ment, to the well-known breeder, Mr. Allan M'Lean, of Tuki Tuki, Napier. Mr. M'Lean is to be congratulated on bis purchase, who has every appearance of making a very fast filly, and will, from her breeding, be invalu able by-and-by as a brood mare. Talking of the Bundoora lot, it may interest some of our readers to know that Mr. Hardiner s reserve on the Calumny colt was no less than £1,500. Mr. E. Cutts has sold the Traducer- Raupo colt to the Hon. G. M'Lean. He pro ceeds at once to undergo his preparation under J. Kean's care near Gamaru. A valuable mare, owned by Mr. Archibald M'Lean, of Napier, New Zealand, died on Sunday, the 1st May, under extraordinary circumstances. She was opened, when the upper part of a sheep's skull, four and a half inches by four, was found in her stomach. The case is believed to be without parallel. On the 3rd May, at the Resident Magis trate's Court, Canterbury, New Zealand, the adjourned case against George Hobbs and William Goodwin was heard. They were charged with gambling on the Christchurch racecourse by means of a machine known as the " totalisator." The information had been laid by Alfred Drake, a well-known bookmaker, and the action was sought to be brought within the meaning of tbe Vagrant Act, 1866, section 4, which lays down that anyone playing at any game of chance for money in any open or public place shall be liable to imprisonment, with hard labour, for a period not exceeding twelve months. Con stable Gorman, Messrs Sigismund Franck, F. Davie, and G. Stead, testified to seeing the totalisator" worked on the course in question. After counsel had been heard on both sides, the Bench reserved their decision, but ultimately tbe police magistrate, Mr. Whitefoot, gave judgment. He said that the majority of the magistrates on the bench were agreed — first, that the racecourse is an open or public place within the meaning of the "Vagrant Act ; but second, that tbe totalisator is practically a large open betting book, used voluntarily by the public, Is more of a recording than a gambling machine, and on the present occasion was not used for the purpose of a game of chance. He further hoped that the complainant would appeal. The case was then dismissed. Mr. Stringer gave notice of his intention to appeal, on the point whether or not the machine had been used for gambling. A two miles trotting match, for £50 a- side, will take place at Kensington Park on the 4t|h June, between the well-known trotting horses, Mr. Robbins's Brown Hawk and Mr. Clarke's Nellie. Mr. M. Solomon acts as stakeholder. The following horses were scratched, Thurs day, for the Melbourne Hunt Club Meeting : — Attache, Cora, and Robin Hood for the Flying Stakes; Morning Star and Attache for "the Corinthian Flat Race; Aspen and Attache for the Queen's Birthday Stakes. E be Hon. J. White, well known in connec tion with Chester, Roodee, Democrat, Martin- dale, and other celebrities, sailed from Sydney yesterday by the Californian mail steamer en route for England. 