THE GREY RANGE DIGGINGS. THE Mount Drown a diggings are reported to bo a failure. This, very probably, is really the enso, although it is impossible, owin" to the want of water and other drawbacks to extensive, far Jess exhaustive, prospecting Winch must exist in such a desert, that its auriferous resources can have had a fair trial But even if gold exists there in abundance' the hardships, the dangers and difficulties which diggers must necesarily encounter in so waterless, barren, and desolate a region I will prevent a numerous population from' ' settling in it. There has been some loss of human life already, and unless men will take the advice of those who aro acquainted with the nature of the country and refrain from rushing thither, it is to be feared there will be still more. Many horses have died from the want of water, sheer sfcarvaticn, and the over fatigue to which they have been subjected. The heat in that part of the continent during the summer months is almost intolerable, and there will be only a very brief timo during the year namely from June to about the end of Sep tember, when it will bo at all safe to venture to visit it, But the rainfall is very uncer tain, and during the period mentioned it is as likely as not that it may be so light as to be quite insufficient to provide onough water for any number of men and animals. The fact that gold does exist in the Grey Ranges, in which Mount Browne is situated, has led the people of South Australia to consider whether it may not also be found in tho mountainous country in their own colony running parallel with tho Barrier and Groy ranges; and no doubt attempts will bo made to prospect them. They are undoubtedly metalliferous, but whether they contain "old in quantities that will pay for the searching for it is a problem that remains to bo solved. However there can be littlo doubt that efforts will bo made to set the question at rest; antl our advice to those who may feel themselves touched with tho Mount Browne mania is to wait until tho expio , rations from Adelaide have been made, and I then to bo very careful of trusting to any reports of successful results. Tho further people keep away from such howling and in hospitable wildernesses the better it will bo for them. CABLE0IIA3Q.-Our cablegrams state that no material change has taken place in the condition of tho Earl of Beaconslield. Further distur bances have occurred in Ireland. A serious riot has taken place in Clogher, County Tyrone. bomo constables were assisting a process-server when a crowd gathered and became so violent that the officers fared u«pon them, killing two and wounding several others. The Greek Govern nient have addressed a note to the Great Powers justifying their decision to decline tho offer for tho settlement of tho frontier question. THE FUNERAL OF MR. JAMES MOORE. - The funeral of Mr. James Moore took placo shortly after four o'clock yesterday after noon, and was largely attended. Previous to the procession starting from Mr Moore's late resi dence, the Rev. P. Ussher, of the Golden-square Wesleyan Church offered up prayer. At the head of the procession were the Revs. A. R. Edgar, P. Ussher, and Dr. Nish. Next came Mr Sayer, the undertaker, followed by the coffin, which was borne from the deceaBed gentleman s residence by relays of Mr. Moore's late employes. Tho pall bearers were Messrs. R. Clark, R. Burrowes, J. Quick, and H. McColl, Ms.L.A., and Messrs A. Mackay, T. J. Connelly, the Mayor (Mr. P. Hayes), and the town clerk, Mr. Denovan, the chief mour uers being Mr. Thompson Moore, brother of de ceased, and Mr. Strickland. About 400 people followed on foot, and there were about fifty vehicles in tho rear. On reaching the grave, the Rev. A. R. Edgar read the funeral service 0£ the Wesleyan Church, of which Mr. Moore was a member, and the Rev. Dr. Nish delivered a very impressive prayer. The funeral was one of the largest which has taken place in the district for some time, and, as an evidence of the popularity of the deceased gentleman, it may be mentioned that there were members of every representative body present. At the inquest, which was held by Mr. Strickland yesterday morning, a verdict or accidental death was returned. Tim INWARD MAIL.-'The R.M.S. Hydaspes, we are luformed by a memo from, the telegraph o/iice reached tho Heads at four o'clock yester day afternoon. She was expected to arrive in the Bay shortly after half-past six o'clock. THE NORTH Melbouqnb ELECTION.-Mr. CJuiuIan, the constitutional candidato foi North Melbourne, addressed a crowded meetiufr of electors at the Hotham Town- hall on Saturday , The. meeting (remarks tho Argus) afforded a striking contrast to that of Mr, alunro on tho previous evening. It was ex ceptionally orderly and quiet, and Mr. Quinlan received a hearing such as is rarely accorded to candidates, J«o interruptions worthy of note occurred until a prominent Liberal, Mr, Kelly, stood up to speak. He, however, put a stop to much of the hostility to himself by avowiue that, pronounced Liberal as he was, ho would support Mr. Quinlan as a true Liberal, and he urged the electors to record their emphatic pro test against the candidature of Mr. Miwro. A vote of confidence in the candidate was carried unanimously, and amid continued cheering, Mr. W. Maunson 13 still in the field, and continues to address the electors, EASTER F^ir,-Tho general committee met last night at the office, and a considerable amount of business was attended to. Everything i8 working in a most satisfactory manner. The various sub-committees report roost sanguinelv on the work allotted to them. The shows this year will be of a first class character, and the profession, we are creditably informed will sur pass all previous processions. " Jack in the green, army of giants, four beautiful trained ostriches, and a pet baby elephant, are novelties seldom seen, Tueaday's programme will include two tugs of war-Australia v. the world, and married v. single. The married will be captained by a gentleman well known in cattle circles and the single by an equally well known legal mana ger; a large amount of money is already staked on the Iesult. The Chinamau's go as-you- please will no doubt be one of the most amusing races ever witnessed. A meeting of amateurs is called for Wednesday night to arrange the pro gramme for Richardson's Show, and tenders are called for the erection of fencing, etc., and deco rating the Cora Exchange for the doll show Rifle MATCH COMMITTEE-A meeting of the Bendigo Eifles match committee was held last evening when Sergeant J. Fly (hon. sec.) re ported the results of tho second and third class oompehhons as , .follows Second Class - Debne.jjjJ, with 10 handicap; Waugh, 55, with 4n- e^ICa? ' ' Snow, G2, tiff rifle . A. JSlhs, JQ, wi_th 3 handicap ; an(i C, Adams', 43, off ritln. Pri7.ite Snow having mado tho re quisite '20 point3 was declared tho winnci of tho second class medal. This competitor, although ,1 young shot, has made rapid progress as a marksman. Having started in tho present series of matches with olovon points haudieap, he has boen gradually reduced to scratch, and in that position has taken places amongst tho highest scorers. Third Class.-Strode, 5G; Stephens, 4G; A. Stair, 39 points. A communi cation was received from tho Ballarut Rangors declining to firs tho roturn match with the Bondigo Killes on Good Friday or Easter Mon day, as several of their team would bo absent. It was agreed that a handicap match should tako place at Back Creek butts ou Good Friday, open to all members of tho corps, for money prizes; sides to be chosou by tho senior officers present on tho ground. The next competition for tho lirst-class was fixed to tako placo on the 9th and 11th inst., and for tho second and third classes on tho 10th and 18th inst. Ranges wero lixed at 400, 500, and GOO yards, and tho hours of tiring as usual. VAKEIAMENT,--Both Houses of Parliamant will meet to-day. The present week will bo im portant in politics, as in all probability it will witness the opening of negotiations between the two Houses on tho subject of reform. Tho Coun cil has now placed tho Ministerial Reform Bill in the same position which its own bill occupies in tho Lower House, and its next step will be to ask for tho appointment of a joint committee. Ministers (says tho Argun) aro by no means favorable to this courso, as they think it would be wiser for each Houso to consider and recon sider tho bill, and for tho conferenco to tako placo as tho last resort after tho two bodies had exhausted themselves. However, there is a Keneral expectation that tho invitation of the Council will be acceded to, the feeling in the Assembly being strongly in favour of accepting the overture. Li IT. POLICIES AND INSURANCE COMPANIES. The facilities which liavo beon offered of late years by insurance companies to tho heads of families for taking out life policies have induced largo numbers of people to avail themselves of tho opportunities afforded for making provision for thoir wives and ohildreu in tho future. It is a matter though in which thoro is frequently much procrastination. Many instances might bo given where tho most disastrous re sults have onsued to tho remaining mombers of a family, whon tho breadwiuuor has boen re moved suddenly by death, and Bimply be cause ho failed to carry out his intontion with regard to insuring his life. Tho case of tho late Mr. .lames Mooro is ono in point, although it is gratifying to find that through tho exercise of forethought in former years the result is not what it otherwiso mieht liavo been. As we stated yesterday, his lifo v.'as insured for £1,000 in the Victoria Company. About a month ago ho resolved to take out another policy for -£500 in tho Australian Widows' Insurance Society. Ho mentioned tho matter to Beveral friends, but put it off from day to day, until Thursday last, when ho was examined by Dr. J. Boyd, and passed. Two days later ho lost his lifo, and through tho necessary documents not having had time to go through tho head ofllcc, the policy is, of course, rendered null and void. WAS HE USED TO PREACH?-A man named Monti was summoned at tho Police Court yesterday by his wife, from >vhom ho had been separatod, for unlawful as sault. Tho case was a very trumpery one, and tho defendant had evidently great causo to be aggrieved. Ho was relating, with; much earnestness and eloquenco, the manner in which ho had boen treated, and when ho had proceeded for about five minutes, Mr. Webster stopped him with tho question as to whether he had bean used to preach, for, said Mr." Webster, "if you would turn preacher you would very soon make a fortune." Mr. Brown, who appeared on the defendant's behalf, explained that ho had been very harshly treated by his wife, who would not allow oven his children to speak to him, and ho no doubt felt his position very keenly, and consequently spoke warmly ou the subject. Tun INTERCOLONIAL MATCII. -Tho Viotorian Eleven resumed their innings yesterday, and scored 174. This with their first innings gives a total of 3G5. Tho South Australians in their first iunings scored 1G3, aud yesterday when they required 2Q2 to get ii) order to win, they had lost eight wickets for 51 runs. THE WEATHER.-Yesterday morning was somewhat ould, aud the iky was cloudy and slightly threatening. In tho afternoon there was a cool wind blowing, but the day was withal pleasant and agreeable. The thermometer re gistered at Messrs. Joseph and Co's., Pall Mall, as follows :-9 a.m., 59*; 12 a.m., GG°; 3 p.m., 70°; G p.m., G3°; maximum, 7S°; mini mum, 47°; Barometer-9 a.m., 29°30(); G p.m., 29 '310. FRIDAY'S BENCH.-Mr Brown does not appear to have a very good opinion of the powors of Justico of the Peace in grasping hold of legal inattora. At the police court yesterday, when ho was applying for an adjournment of a case, Friday was suggested as a good day on which it could bo heard, but Mr Brown said he was " not going to argue abstruse law points before a Friday's bench." STEALING TWO CIIAIRS.-A case came before the City Police Court yesterday, in which Mrs. Traeey was charged by Miss M'Allan with stealing two oliairs, and two deal boards. It appeared from the prosecutrix's evidenoe that Miss M'Allan's brother had a distress warrant in his house in Deoember last, and Miss M'Allan got Mrs. Traeey to take charge of the furniture which belonged to her (Miss M'Allan). Prose cutrix also stayed with Mrs. Traeey for a time, but afterwards left Sandhurst for the country. On returning she found that Mrs. Traeey had removed, and-subsequently found the chairs which wore her property at the railway station. Some things, however, had been left in the house, and the prosecutrix broke in au(J obtained what belonged to her. According to the evi dence of the defendant, tho prosecutrix lodged at her place as a boarder, but waB not able to pay for her board. She accordingly gave the chairs to Mrs. Traeey in part payment, but not being able to pay for futuro board at Mrs. Traeey's house, she had to leave. Mrs. Traeey at tho ond of Iqst mouth discovered that the boarding house did not pay at}d gave it up. Mr. Webster remarked that both parties had been guilty of breaking the law, the one in entering the houso, and tho other in retaining the pro perty, Ho dismissed the oaso, but recommended them in the futuro to koop within the law. LICENSING BENCH.-Mr. Webster, P.M., pre sided at the Licensing Court yesterday, and grantod the following applications for transfer of license ;-Robert Williamson to James Hogan, Suburban Hotel, White Hills road;Henry Valance to Catherine M'Mahon, Volunteer Hotel, Wil liamson-street, for temporary lioenso was grantod to William Manning of tho Somebush Hotel, Mitiamo, for tho races at the Terricks on the 18th, and a stage oarriage license (eight passengers), was granted to Alfred Shadbolt, to run between Sandhurst and Sebastiau. JURY LIST REVISION COURT.-Mr. Webster, P.M., and Mr. Edwards, 'J,P., presided at the Jury list Revision Court yesterday, when several alterations and exemptions were made, A SEyKRE SENTENCE.-As a rule Mr Webster shows a very commendablo desire to suppress larrikinism, and yesterday when three members of this olass of society were before him on a charge of unlawful assault, he did not in any way lessen the severity with which he usually visits like offences. .Three youths named Con way, Tully, and Landry, were oharged with assaulting William Abernethy, proprietor of the Cheshire Arms Hotel, aud Mr. Motteram, who appeared for the oomplainant, explained that the defendants had previously becij before the bench, and he hoped that Mr. Webster would not inflict a fino, but deal with them in a dif ferent way. After hearing the evidence, which proved that the prisoners had been guilty of a cowardly attack on Abernethy, tho bench sen tenced each of the defendants to three months' imprisonment with hard labor. There is no doubt tlfat fines have no effect whatever upon larrikinism, and that imprisonment with hard labor, or flogging, if the justioeo had the power to inllict Buoh a feutence, are thp oufy r^eans which may possibly prove effectual in suppress ing this extensive evil. THE COUNTY COURT.-Very fair progress wa3 made yesterday with the cases set down for hearing. The whole of tho undefended cases were disposed of, and a commencement made with tho defended flase3, The Court will re sume at ten o'clock this morning, . EARLY CLOSING ASSOCIATION.-A special meeting of members of the above association was held last night in tho Beehive Exchange; Mr. W. J. Parry in tho chair. The chairman, in opening the meeting, referred to the apathy shown by members in the affairs of tho associa tion, and the manner it was supported. The association was in debt, owing to tho small amounts contributed by members, several of the principal houses not having paid for the past three months. The late picnic, he regretted to say, had resulted jn a loss financially, but he believed had done a detil of gopd towards estab lishing tho movement. An appeal was now made to those who reaped the advantages of the association, to pay their subscriptions and enable tbecommitteetodischarge existing liabilities. He trusted that members would do thoir beRt to assist the committee to wipe out the debt. A letter was received from one of the music firms, in reference to the extension of the half holiday, A similar request was received from tho hair dressers. The alteration of rules was deferred to next meeting; also the election of paid secretary. . HAYDN'S "CREATION."-We are informed that the tickets for tho forthcoming performance of the "Creation" are going off well, and there is every probability of the theatre being crowded on Good Friday evening.: A rehearsal of the ' oratorio took place on Sunday afternoon with great success,' and as all engaged in the pro duction are taking a great interest in it, a musical treat of a higG ordermay be anticipated. There [ will bo no rehearsal this evening, tho next taking place on Sunday. Tho chojr will meet as usual to-aiqht, MB. G. TIUJKF.AU.-Mr. G. Thurcau, of Sandhurst, is at present officially inspecting tho mineral deposits o£ Tasmania. On tho «.iui ultimo ho left Launcestoti for Mount Liiseholl, after visiting which ho will visit tho bismuth and tin deposits in tho vicinity of Mounthamsay, and then proceed to tho West Coast to inspect tho goldfields at tho Pieman, and tho deposits at Mount Heemskirk. Mr. Thureau (says the Examiner) will probably return overland along the North Wont coast, and inspect tho iron ore deposits at tho Glythe, galena at tho Penguin, copper at tho Forth, and other mineral deposits on tho cnaat. On return to Lauiiceatou lie will arrango hiH programme for other mineral dis triets. " A SPECULATOR'S DODUK.-Tho "first robbers in Tusmauian mining circles appear to bo quite as keenly alive to their interests as those belong ing to more prominent goUUieUls. Tho Ilobart Mercury says:-Somo of those engaged in manufacturing mining companies and at their wits' oiul to induco peoplo to part with money for scrip, have, as an inducement to wary capi talists, hit 011 the notable dodge of oiroulating a report that His Excellency Sir Hour}* Lefroy had utilised his inspection of tho goldlields to in vest largely in mining shares, and tho manufact urers of such a canard will insist 011 it that it is true. Even tho authority of tho last Gazette has been quoted. A search lias revealed the possi bility of an investor living at Lefroy having boon taken for His Excellency. Somo bright genius may liavo misread 4,J\>hn O'liara, Lefroy," as "John Henry Lefroy." At any rate wo aro in a position to say that the Governor ha3 not in vested, mid does not jntend to invest a sixpence in mines in Tasmania. BOOTHS,-The publicans' booths and fancy stalls for tho coming Easter Fair will be dis posed of by auction to-day at Messrs. J. Andrew and Co.'s rooms, and should ensure prices far in advance of former years, in consequence of the additional attraction provided for tho amuse ment of the publie 011 Tuesday, tho second day of tho fair. Thoro is every probability (says tho Evening Post) that the census papers will not bo deticient in tho quality of humor, especially thoso in re ference toudneation; a subject many liavo very hazy views upou, as tho following liiatauuu may ? show ;-A clergyman riding through a district fained as much for tho wildness of its inhabitants as tho ruggod uaturo of its scenery, inquired at a hut if the children attended any school. "Well, no," said tho sturdy farmer, " I teaches theboys to fight, and the mother teaches the girls to dance. They don't need auy inoro eddication in this district." Tho minister rodo on, meditating 011 tho diversity of humau opinion. A SUBSTANTIAL GIIOST.-Lately Stawell has had its "ghost." but, as we learn from tho Pleasant Greek News, tho mystery is now solved. Our contemporary mentions that tho house alleged to bo visited by uncanny crea tures is that occupied by Mr. Ingram and his family, in Patrick-street, and tho inmates wero occasioned considerable uneasiness by tho senseless freaks of the ghost. It appears that several yming men wero on the watch lato on Wednesday night, in order to ascertain if tho noises hoard wero tho result of human agoucy or not. At about half-past twelve o'clock a ghost was seen to rise from the ground in tho most approved cthoreal manner, with tho usual white sheet garinenturo, and as it advanced towards the house in question emit strange groausand cries.- The watchers, hoivevor, went towards tho figuro, which trusting to its ghostly habiliments aud cries, and to tho innate superstition of human nature, also advanced to wards them. As soon as tlio figure camo within reach it was grasped, and on the sheet boint; torn off disclosed the features and form of a young woman who resides in the neighborhood. After talking to tho culprit well, the watchers allowed her to go homo. The suddenness of the apparition, and its seeming to come out of the earth, is accounted for by the fact that 011 the allotment of laud from which tho "ghost" camo there once stood a publichouse, which was recently removed. Tho cellar of this building furnished a good hiding-place whilst the sheet was being donned. A NEW VINE.-A French explorer, M. Lecart, who is at present on the banks of the Niger, writes home from "Konndian (Gangaran), July 25," that he has discovered a new vino, which promises to be of great economical value, lie says the fruit of the vine is excellent aud abundant, its cultivation very easy, its roots tuberose and perennial, while its branches are annual. It can be cultivated as easily as the dahlia. Ho himself had been eating the large grapes of the vine for eight days, aud found them exoellent, and he suggests that its culture ought to be attempted in all vine-growing coun tries, as a possible remedy against tho phyl loxera. He is sending home seeds for experi ment, both in Frauce and Algeria, and will bring home specimens of the plant at all stages. It was not without danger that M. Lecart has been able to make this discovery, as he states that tho people of theSoudau are in a state of great excitument and apprehension at the many attempts of white people to penetrate into their country. The story of tho last expedition sent by France into the south of Algeria has spread to all parts, and the couviotiou of the natives is that the travellers are collecting information preparatory to conquest, perhaps the natives are not very far wrong. NEW LIFE-SAVINO MATTHAHS.-A trial of a life-saviug mattrasa preseuted to the Victoriau Humane Sooiety by Captain Romano, of the ship Europa, took place atHegarcy's Baths, St. liilda, on Saturday. The mattrass, which is one of tho kind supplied tb all sailors of the Italian navy, is (ilied with a fibrous article called tiphaktifolia. It appears (tho Arijus says) to be equal to down for sleeping purposes, and is so buoyant when throwu into the water that any person taking hold of it can maintain himself afloat with tho most perfect ease. A man- who was a good swimmer experimented with it first on Saturday, aud showed that it Was ono of the most perfeot of the life-saving apparatus yet exhibited in this colony. He was then joined by another man, aud it bore the two almost as well as it had borne one. It was stated that the mattrass retains its buoyancy for auy length of time in the water. MUNICIPAL ENDOWMENT.-Tho Government will push on this week with the balance of the vote§ tint have not yet been dealt with; intro duoo tho additional estimates, and then the Apr priation Bill. It is anticipated (says the Aye) that considerable discussion will arise over the endowment question. The Government have a very clear duty in the mattor. As Mr. Berry pointed out the other day, the Cabinet cannot mako bricks without straw. The House will be well advised as to the stato of the finances, aud a clear policy will ba enunciated. It will be shown that the local governments throughout the colony have been notified that endowments must bo gradually decreased, and that tho pro. posal of the Government is only a fair and reasonable advance in the direction indicated long ago. If, in tho face of s clear statement, tho House insists on the Government keeping up the old subsidy, they will have to do so, it being purely a question for the House to decide. In the event of the old payments being insisted on, tho Assembly will also have to provide the means of paymeut, as the Government cannot Day into one pocket unless they take it out of another. Should the House display an incli nation to meet the Government and help them out of the difficulty, it is probable that all reasonable objections may be overcome by giving to the western shires half-rates, and in other special cases, on good cause boing shown, mov ing them Into a higher class. NEW SYSTEM OF GRAVE CULTURE.-The San Mateo (California) Journal says On the Alpine .Rauch, occupied by Charles B. Sears, there is a vineyard of several thousand vines of all de scription of grapes, foreign and domestic. For six or seven years tho vines have been each year scientifically, as it is called, pruned by cutting bask to tho traditional two or three buds, and the ground has been regularly ploughed and highly cultivated. Tho vines resisted all this ; kind treatment aud refused to bear well, al .though making eaoh year a magnificent growth ! 'of wood aud showing a very fine healthy stock : and root. An experiment was tried with the vineyard this year; a small portion was prunod $nd pqltiyated in the usual manner, the larger portion being left entirely ijnpruned and uncultivated. The restjlt is romarkable. In the latter portion of the vine yard the ground is fairly covered with fine well ripening grapes, making a yield far beyond the ordinary crop of average grapevines, while in the pruned and cultivated portion the wine ex hibit but few bunches of perfect grapes. This Creat success seems attributable to two causes, chiefly first, that cultivation and prqning caused too great growth of wood, thus drawing away from tho fruit- bearing tendency ; second, tho pruning caused the vines to have a high, straight stem, thus elevating the fruit from the ground into the cool moist touches of the fogs at times ; while letting' tho vines run caused them to spread out flat on the- ground, and the grapes lying immediately upon the warm earth, and in contact with it, are thus sheltered from the ad verse influences operating higher above, and were thus fully developed aud ripened. A matrimonial ageSC-v has been established in Sydney. It will bo seen by advertisement that a bazaar is to be opened to-morrow in the Temperance Hall by Mr. Quick, M.L.A., in connection with the Methodist Free Churoh. All ohildren accom panied by their parents will be admitted free of charge. Northeott's Hand will be in attendance. 