SPORTING NOTES. FLEMINGTON TRAINING. Br SKIRMISHER. .. Monday. vuinioy sent unnary, wiio looks and goon woll niooium work. P.G. cantorcd and run a strong milo m good stylo. fciuotliHayor and llarpol frm cantered and ran a fairly good mile, both looking protty well. Lroolco sent Attacho a milo and a half at a gontlo pace, with a strong finish over throo furlongs, Chatterer and Kivorton wont use- ful work «n the tan. Nautilus cantered, look ing woll on it. Prince Goorgo, looking vory went a gontlo cantor, Deakin sent Btllilla, Darobin, Sunbeam and Tornblo Billy easy work. Tho Dorby colt, although looking bright, mollow, and fresh, lias only done vory easy work for near a wcolc. Davis Bonfc Cormalua lialf-paco ; Josophino a good mile, Kcspito and Sportsman also did good work. All looking aud going woll. Glascock sent Groy Potorand Skylark, in compAny with Jollot Postmaster, schooling well oncc8» ull moving and jumping Lang's Commotion, Pell Moll, and Pollio went strong work. They all appear a trifle on tho light side. Morrison's two-ycar-olds, Alexander, Czar, Don Quixoto' and Lowlandor, liavo boon doing good work; and look 'well. Wellington, looking yory woll aftor his recent heavy on gagcinonts, was eantoring. Moran had First Love doing medium work. Sho looks liko a good hunter, but is full big yet. (Gazollo; looking muscular and bright, wont strong work, Hieroglyph, looking well, but vory big, wont modjum work. Hurley sent' Supple Jack, looking protty woll, a gontlo cantor. Tho Hawk aud Quivol cantorcd and spurted. Mnlion sent Syphon strong and long work, Eros, going (part of tho journoy. Bushman cantorcd and ran a strong onco round. . Prptwick on Saturday sent A. B.C. a strong gallop in company with Advonturor. Tho little inaro was found to havo injured hor shouldor during tlio gallop, and walked homo lame. I did nut soolior porfonn this morning though Adventurer did a nice sweat. Ho is much iiuprovod. Goodman sont tho Now Zaalandor Hillarius a medium twico round, moving frcoly, but looking soft. SirModrea and Soinnuo, iu heavy clothing, cantorcd a milo and a half, and pick ing up Idulium wont another two rounds at nfstrong paco, Sir Modrod moving vory gaily and frosh, and Somuus appoaring to labor vory heavily at- tlio latter part of tho journey, whllo Idalium was left a long way behind. Sohnan sent Warlock four miles at a cantor in heavy rugs, whon ho was picked up by Corino for a fifth milo which was gob over in good stylo, tho Cup horso blowing, vory hard at tho finish, , Savior's string, consisting of Adolo, Bella- drum aud Muroury cantorcd, and Her Majesty wnlkod. Sullivan rodo Tho Ghost usoful work in com pany with Outlaw, who wont a sweat. Ycend sent Bluo Ribbon, looking big and fresh, a nice fthroo-milo cantor. Intrepid, looking vory well sinco his spoil, was led a gontlo canter. Walsh, in chargo of tho now arrivals from Queensland, sent Warhawk (who looks hard as nails, though vory light, aftor his recont racing) a vory gontlo cantor. Lord Clifden, a big-framed animal, also looking light, though hard, did gontlo work in a hood. Tho two- yoar-old Sir Ollvor, a good looking colt up to weight, cantered iu company with Advont. 