:i|. TflfEl/BOUMfd. 'ova 'dwif coiSRispoNbBitT.V .. ,>v . Saturday evening! . Let pblitioSperish until Tuesday. Discussion 'jtf'tlljHjSiWWto'fiitiritf 1st bedoftlrij; rirtuseiUing. Actually, there is little change— this hiivifig'bdoh a- wot dull Saturday— in the aspeot of the situa tion.' > . , The .Oolomal Seorotary of South Australia to- day'itelegrnphed : to the Victorian GoVornrtient with respect- to the reception' of the .Royal Priiioes. He suggested that n lunah should be prepared for, the .Royal visitors on their arrival at Oasterton at .half-past 1 o'clock ou Friday noxt, and thnt arrangements should be. made for their accommodation at Hamilton, and their es cort from the border.- It is of course, understood that the South Australian eohveyaridfri will convoy the Royal party, which numbers 'seven, through to, Hamilton. Air Berfy directed; that His Excellency the Governor should bo Com- municated '.with, with a view of determining" the made of reception, and it is presumed that Lord phipps as A.D.C., or Captain Le Patoureli; will be dospotched to receive our ghosts. The Vic torian Goverrimont will furnish them with an escort, which, I believe, is to he h peeler- per Prince, and satisfactory ntfarighm'eritk' irill be made for their entertainment eu route. . : . By devious courses I hdvo continued to; arrive at some facte with raspeot to the existing Police Cerrimisiiori which may interest yen. Please understand that the following restime of- the Commission's history and intents, is not in any respeot authoritative. It is based partly on de ductions, partly by comparing various sources of information, partly on approved facts. Its an ticipations of the future may be regarded as partly prophetic, partly inspired, but though you will find what is subsequent to be generally borne out by the facts, I would not wrong the .Commissidn by anticipating its report. ' Briefly m possible, the Commission was apf pointed to enquire into the general organisation of the police force, as well as how fair the Koliy outbreak and the handling of the force wh'ioh led to' its issue was affected or controlled by the principles on wiilch the police as a body , were divided: , "'Inypursuing'Ihis enquiry,': mucli evidence hSs been TpWen, tyith : w hich .all; lire familiar ( and "life points for consideration are in what direction does. that- evidence point, and; what must be 1 its issues'!.' It will be feiriemb'er'ed that thepVob'eed- irigidf the Commission ! liav'e KeCn ''complicated by' two "mdt t ersao rrt o w h a t foreign .to its Original inients.' j The first was .the OhiefSe6fetnfy's..de; airp.th'nttor the- preservation of the moiralb of tliaVfoiciSj.' Sub-Inspeotor 0'Cqriiior'e squabble ..".(ftv rVntiiin Standiall should hfvnnrtnirftrl inin. and'a'ipfbgress report upon it ' rendered;,; and ecqnjdfyV.tbat the OommiSSibn should'. keep in view', the justice or otherwise of the awards made by. the Kelly Reward Board. The firat;pf. these lias interrupted the prooeodings of ..the iCdmraisr sionj and thrown them into a side- track; .the second-may first be more readily dbalt With; r ob \- The Commission, as far as -I- .can ltarrifr'om its members, feel that as the Reward Board has not absolutely resigned its Junctions,- it would be, an (impertinence to. intrude upon thein, but nevertheless, they will in, their final .general;, re port on the, management of thelorce, make, .re commendations,, which will ;be of, value -.as, a guide to the Goverhment and to Parliament; -as to'the" proportionate services reudered.by.ih- divid'uals! 'That general report will aisb'oontairi sugge'sti'dhd'ds to the iilduilliiigand equipment of tile force, its arlnament, Arid tltejresh distri bution of its respdimibility', which sdem .to,.be weli, thought out, and should, bo' Valuable/'and hipre"especially,.will it urge upon Parliament the necessity of maintaining a thorough' petumnent SBrveiliaoce of-the dangerous: classes-in-the North Eastern district, under a Bystem of mounted patrol) which while not harrying them, will.be more- watchfully efflcient than the exist ing plan of endeavouring to control resideuts iu the mountain forests,; by means of; isolated sta tions in towns and villages. ,-.... But before this. general report can'be arrived at, which must bo some months hence, at least . two progress reports must be submitted. The evidence shows that sub-inspector O'Connor' came here t6 act with us while still remaining in 'the service of. arid reporting to the Government \- of Queensland." At the .first blush of his novel honours his relations withOnptain Siandish were of a friendly ' character, but -as the lapse of time matUred'acquaintancB, the , rose of youth; wore off. jMr: O'Connor corresponded ; with' his Go vernment to the effect that insidious jiltOmpts were being made to break up'the h'omogeuity of L!- ...i« sansrafo Kir tmnkflra frnm hin nrtrt. 111H pttllj UUU ooj/wa-vw ... trot -by spreading them oyer districts . wider apart. ' Meantime Captain Statidikli's jieh did riot rust| and he also made repr'esentatibris to the Queensland-Government with respeot to his ..sub ordinate.- The result of all this- was that; Mr O'Connor was instructed to return to Queens land',' -whither lie wtis on . his- , way - When-, the Kelly a brpkejout at Glenrowan, and;Mr;Ohoraley was charged with the selection of other trackers. Thia, so far, is 'in evidence, but wanting corro boration" of stateriiehts arising, out Of ,.this squabble j which appears to conflict, the Coriimis- sion have requested the Government of Queens land to supply them with the documerits,. show ing ,what actually transpiredj in the oorrespon- denbP! of, ihe . contestants and determinirig'ihore dearly Air O'Connor's position and the extent of his Subordination, to the Victorian authorities Pandin" the 'receipt of these, Which' hiive'been promised and-' will arrivenext week, the Com mission Will not proceed with their report. . Tha rievt rioint' the Commission will take ub oh Tuesday will be the conduct of Cons. Armstrong who was in charge of the party in Sherritt's; hut at the time of the lattar's murder.: ; There is something peculiar about this, for Constable Armstrong has a reputation in the force' for dari'ng;gallaritry amounting to foolhardine8s,and as the other, constables engaged with him at'tlie time desire greatly to be present at his ex amination— which wish may be conceded— there may be a surprise in store in thia direotion or at least: an .explanation of a proceeding which at present is not comprehended. The next phase will probably be the enquiry into the, status and management of the detective force! for the smart mtu of tlie latter are olamor- for 'an investigation of Inspector Aloutfort'a etatement, cnat uioy "u p" uf and pine for an opportunity to refute the charge. This matter is, however, likely to be deferred , to the tail of the enquiry, as after the conclusion of the O'Connor case and somo further evidence, the Commission anticipate visiting ATansflold, , Beeohworth and -Wsngaratta, mainly to dotormine , the opinions of civilians in those districts, and . will then hark back upon Alelbourne, and pro- j ceed with the cross-examination of Captain, Standish and Messrs Nicholson and Sadlior. ; Thus you will see that thiB Commission is doing good, careful, temperate work, and in a few days we may know more of its conclusions and -; intents. The trial of tlio old woman, Elizabeth Ann I Smith, for feloniously and unlawfully setting; fire to an engine house belonging to the Borougli ; of Stawell was continued to-day. She conduoted I her csbo with marked ability, and her pointod; and' intelligent stylo of cross-examining witnesses j was generally noticed in court. She made a brief and i.igoriious defence appealing to , the justioa and humanity of the jury, and contend ing that the building must have been destroyed by Bwagmen or loafers. His Honor's summing no was ad'velfBo to list oSsd. The iury retired to oonsider their verdict, and had not returned into court up to" tt late hour.- The present is the prisoner's third trial, she having been tried twice at -Ararat, the jury disagreeing on each occasion. There is Very littlo nows of importance with jlregSrdJo Bmall-ppx. Dr Androws, of Albury, wnd ls public vaccinator at Wodonga, haa been requested to devote special attention to the instrpptions given by tbo department in tho event pf small. pox making its appsarance-in liis vacci- nitiPri distHcb. - He lias' also boen asked to co operate to his utmost ability with the' health officer from Sydney. ; With regard to the inquiry as td whether ' the Board of Health advises doolaring the Chinese ports infected, the Presi dent states that under tho circumstances indi cated by the Under-Socrotary of the Board such a course would not be nd vised. This deoision has boau telegraphed to Sir Henry Parkes. A somewhat serious street uccident occurred in' Queoti'Streot this morning. A horse and trap bolted down tho street, from the intersection of Col. ins-street towards Flindors-atreet, and came into collision with a horse and waggonette. One of the shafts of the trap ran about a foot into the near side of tho waggonette horse aud killed it. Commercial, — Breadstuff's are firm, with a tendency 011 tho part of holderB to demand very high rates for wheat, a line of policy which must tell unfavourably upon the market in the end. Quotations are 5b 4d to 6s 5d, but for very prime lines 6S Cd is demanded, without, however, ineet- iug with any respo nee Flour is moving at Lll ius ana uix xos, nccoratng to size ot parcel. Stock and Share Market.— Alessrs Gavin G. Brown and Co. report sales of Band of Hope and Albion Consols, L9 7a ; Central, Windmill Hill, ; Sandhurst, 8s ; Ellesmore No. 1, Sand hurst, 60s ; - Garibaldi, . New Churn, 32s Gd ; Hepburn, Home Paddock,' Smeaton, L7 9s, L7 10s ; .North Kohinoor, Ballarat, 14s ; Norths Shenandoah:, Sandhurst, LtO Gs j Working Miners, Homebush, 07s; Shenandoah, Sand hurst, 16s 6d. 