¿THE HOLY SPIRIT CONVINCING THE WORLD. BY THE REV. n. P. LIDDON, D.D. * And when He is como Ho will reprove the world /of ein, and of righfcoouanosa, and of jnd(rmeit\>."! r ""^JOHN XVi. 8. ," In this Gospel our Lord ia speaking, just bo ' fore His own. death, of the work oí tho Holy Ghost, *the.Oosi>fortor, who waB to doEoend up_ou tho apos tuVs whim He Hiraeolf had ascended into Haavon. -ftïc I depart," soya onr Lord, "I will send Him Oanio yon ; and when He is oomo Ho will roprovo (or oonvinoe) tho world." And thia passage is ohoooa for the Gospel, booauao Whitonntido ia now drawing ^n, and it is timo to bogin to think what blcBainga we owe to tho coming: of tho Holy Spirit, that wo . may tho hotter enior, heart and aoul, intv tho joy- o£ the Whitsun foativah Obaorvo hero that tho ''Holy Spirit is to do a oortain work on or for the "{World. And by " tho world," in pass&gca; liko thia, ia meant, of course, not the world of nature-not -.even tho entiro human race, but mankind so far as "mankind is 'gcnorally oppoeed to tho mind of God, 'The word " world," in thia aenso, is not morely a description ; it ia noa implied condemnation. It deans human lifo, BO far as it ia in opposition to tho .life of Jesus Christ and Hia truo disciploa. Soo how .thia opposition runa through our Lord B sayings .about this world. a Yo.," Ho aaya to Baa diBciplos, " are not of tho world, even aa I am not of the "'tforlcL." "If yo were of the world, tho world would lora its own, hut because yo aro not of tho world, but I havo chosan you out of tho world, therefore the world hatcthyou." Or, a;rain, in Hia prayer to the Father-'* I pray not for the world, but fox thom whom Thou hast given He that they may bo Thine." Again, to the disciples-** P¿aco 1 brava with you. My peace I give unto yon. Not as tho world givoth give I unto you." Again, speaking of tho cruci- fixion, " Yo shall weep and lament, but tho world ah all rejoice." Again, with roferonoo to the Com- forter-" Tho Spirit of truth whom the world cannot receive, beoauso it eeeth Him not neither knowoth Him, but ye, My disciplcB, know Him, for Ho dwol leth with you, and shall bo in you." Obaorvo how much our Lord says to tho disciplea about tho blessings which they would reccivo from tho coraing Of the Comforter. With thom the Comforter, whom ,the world cannot receive, is to abido for ovor. JCBUS 'Himself will Eond the Comforter to thom from tho Father. The Comforter will teach thora all things. The Comforter will bring all tho paat sayinfiB of Christ to their rcmombrnnco. Ho will talco of the worda nnd works of Christ, and ohow the truo mean- ing of thom to thom. Ho will guide thora into all tho truth. He will nhow thom tho things to come. .Now ace hero, fir.it of all, tho work of the ilToly Spirit upon tho Jowiah world of tho age of the apos- tles. It ÍB natural to aait to v/h-J-t particular aia to what righteouanoBB-to what judgment-waa our Lord immediately rcforrins ? This question ia an- swered by His own worda which follow oloaoly af tor warda. " Of Bin, because (or in that) they baliovo not on Mo: o£ rightsousneaa in that I go to tho Pather and yo BOO me no moro ; of jndgmont, in that , the. prince of thia world is judged." Tho Jewish world of that generation had to bo convinced of one .particular sin-the ein of not believing in our Lord Jesus ChTint: "of em, in that they boliovo not on jte." Unbelief then-at any rate, Buch unbeuyf as that of the «Town who heard and aaw our Lord-ia sin .according to His own entimoto. It ia not mordy a variety of mental porauaoion difioring only from faith in that it rejects that whioh faith accepta. It ia not merely an act of tho mind : it io an act of tho will, and an act of an intrinaioally perverso oharaotor.i It ia not a misfortune liko a fovcr caught in an in-( feoted house, or an accident incurred when travel-) fing by the railway. Wo cannot holp these thinga. They como upon na from without, and we aro their' viotimB. But a man can help bolievinir what ho does -believe-oan help disbelieving what ho doea not bo- liovo, at any rato, within largo limita. That fe, ho <B originally renponaiblo for being in the state of Xnia.d which, in the event, rejecta or accepta the irniho of faith. Paith, according to our Lord's teach- ing, is a test of man'o moral oharaotor. Faith, Uko Tnibpliof, io &3 muoh, or ratbor moro, a moral thnn a, genial act. Woboiievo-partly, at any rate-that hieh onr moral nature niakoa ua wish to believe. Wo díanoliovc-partly, at any rate-that whioh, na «re foxeaco, will involve unwelcome resulta for no, poing morally euoh OB wo aro. The Jewa had over-' whelming ovidenoo boforo then, to show that JOJUB Christ wau tho Messiah promised in their own prophota ; but thoy did not wish to boliovo in a ^eaoherwho had made thom diasatiañed with them-, Solves, and waa likely to mako thom atill moro BO ; nd accordingly thoy did not boliovo in Him. Their . willa wore able-moro than ablo-to overmaster their lindoratandings, and BO our Lord'a teaching and Works went for nothing with them, or rathor, only onh&nced; their guilt. '* If," Ho aaid, " I hod not como and apokon to them, thoy had not had ain, but now thoy have no doak for their ein. If I had not don« among thom Itho worka whioh nono other did, they had not had ain; but now have thoy both noon tad hated both Mo and My Eather." And the Jewish world of that generation hod io bo fionvinoodof ricrhtoousnoso, tho rightoouaneas of our Lord Joans Christ Himoolr. " Ho ahnll oonvinoo the ipbrldof ridhtoouanoas, beoanoe I go to tho Father, and yo Deo Mo no moro." Tho Jowu know what righteonsnoos was, but they had poraiatontly assorted that our Lord waa nos rightaona. On tho oontrary, thoy eaid that Ho waa a oinnor, and that God Would not hoarHio prayora. Thoy explained Hin miracles by naying that Ho waa in loaguo with Bool Xobnb. They donounood.aa blasphemy, His claim to bo what Ho loally waa; and, wliou Ho was put to a flfliMnofnl doath, thoy rogardod Ihia ao a proof vouch ¿ttfod from Hoavon that they had boon right all along, V Onroed is cvory ono that haugoth on a troo." That waa tho titlo whioh thoy road on His oroaa na con- firming thoir own oatimato of Him, . And once moro. The Holy fiplrit waa to convince the Jewish worlcl, or thoso rnombors of it who ad- mitted of conviction, of tho reality of fntnro judg- ment, in that tho prinoe of thin world WOB jndgod. Tho unaoon personal spirit of evil, who had tho tfower oí death, wau judged by God whoa doath wan ooiignorod by pho rosurrnotlqn of Jeouo Christ. Satan |aä don« ma ntmoat at tho birth of Christ, at tho temptation of Christ, atoooh atop in our Lord'B mi- nistry, at tho closing Boenoa of the Passion, to frus- trate tho work of tho divino Rcdeomor among men. Satan, from the first, otrugglod to rid himself of an onomy who threatened the independence and integrity of hie own kingdom of un- righteousness. And thoreforo ho - entorod into the heart of tho traitor Judaa ; and thore- foro ho Btirrod up the chief priests and Pbarisooa againnt our Lord; and thoreforo ho roused tho pas- sions ofi^he pooplo to cry, *' Crucify Him I Crucify Him I" " This is your hour," aaid our Lord, " and tho power of darkness." But at tho rouurrootion, Satan, liko lightning, fell from tho hoavon of em- pire. Jeaua Christ went upon tho lion and the adder: tho young lion and the dragon Ho trod under His foot. All the social combinations, ali the podantio speculations, all the passionate resolves, whioh had for the moment triumphed on Calvary, faded away, end wcro na though thoy had not boon. Aa our Lord aaid, in an oarlior review of tho iasno of the confliofc, "When a strong man armed keopoth hia palaoo, bia goods aro at poaoo; but when a stronger than ho shall como uDon him, and overcome him, ho takoth from him all hia armoury wherein he trusted, and divideth the apoila." Tho piinoo of thia world was judged. Wo Christiana BOO thia clearly enough now in tho light of the past, but to BOO it thon-to BOO it throngh the thick biuBhwood of ancient prc jndico, whioh shut out tho sunlight from the mina of tho Jow-waa no easy matter-waa beyond the roach of ordinary human keensightodnoBS. It waa tho na- poon Teacher-tho divino and eternal Spirit, noting with and through the tocohing of the apoatloa-who put the resurrection beforo the minda of mon in ita truo light, aa the dooiaivo turning point in the cjroat struggle betwoon good and evil-aa the judgment of tho prince of thia world- In thia one victory thoro lay the atrongth and the promise of viotorioB to como -of what St. Paul calla " pulling down of strong- holds"-atrongholda of prcjudi«9, etrongholda of error, atrongholda of aolf-intoreat. Hore was the earnest of tho coming oollapBO of tho idolatry of the pagan empire to bo aohievod only aftor three oentn rien of martyrdom. But our Lord'a words about ain and righteousness and judgment havo a widor acopo than thia. Thoy suggest to us the taroo moral ingredionta of a healthy put lio opinion in a Christian country. Every (society, every notion, has ita publia opinion, ita common s to ok of hopea, foarn, likings, enthusiasms, ropugnanooa, tastos, pointa of viow-a common otook to whioh wo all of ua contribute oomothing, and by whioh in turn wo aro all influenced. The oifciea of tho old world, eaoh of thom, had o public opinion of ita own-Rome and Athens and Jornsalem. And now, too, whorover mon meet, and exohance their thoughts, and know themselves to bo bound to each other by tios of race, or of common in tor cat, or of historio as- sociations, there growB np inovitably a common fund of thoughts and phraaoB which may bo barbaroub whioh may be enlightened-but whioh is always in- fluential. Liko tho smoko and vapour whioh hang vioibly in the air over every largo oontro of human lifo, to whioh every hearth contributes aomothing, and by whioh overy window ia more or less shaded, coin tho world of publio thought there is a liko com- mon product of all tho minds which think and feel at, wbioh in turn influences all that coutributo to it, moro or less. And what I am now insisting upon is that thia inovitablo product and accompaniment of human Booioty-publio opinion-if it ia Christian, must con- tain a recognition of tho thrco solemn facia of sin, righteousness, judgment. Of sin, when loft to itaolf, tho world at largo baa no adequate idea-often no idoa whatever. The world I'.nows and Epoaks only of faults, offenoos, failures, mistakes, miaconduot-softer worda deliberately choBon. It does not spoak of sin. It avoids tho word. It recognises the existence of moral ovil. It cannot help doing that, bueauso moral ovil in its oxnggoration threatens to break up sooiety, lo de etroj' low, to make lifo unendurable ; but the world at largo baa an oyo to its effects, not lo the naturo of tho causo which producoa thom. Aud in tho swnio way tho world han no trne idea of rightoonsnesa, though ita uses-though ii rospocts tho word. It means, by righteouBnoaa, conformity to human right, respect for human laws, oxlotnal proprioty, respectability. It baa no idea of a righteouancBB which ÍB an affair of motives-which is, whon out of Bight, mnoh moro than it ÍB whon it moots tho eye-wbioh caros, at bottom, only for tho ap- proval of the Father who Booth in aeoret-whioh will, aomotimos-whioh muât, Bomotimoa-dofy public opinion-dofy current ideas of respectability-dofy oven human law in dofonoo ot sonio highor right dis- closed to conscience Nor has tho world any truo idea of judgment. Judgment ia for most mon a remote contingency-too remoto to be made tho Bubjoot of practical calcula- tions. It ia a dim and far off conception, recognised aa necessary for tho ideal dir.oiplino ol' tho world, but not taken into account as ombodiod in a coming ovont with which, one by one, we havo lo reckon. Now, the Holy Spirit, noting through the teaching of Scripture-tho teaching of tho Christian Churoh tho aooial influonco of mon who aro underjHia Guid- ance- is continually enriching and raising this poor and doijradod public opinion, at least in countries whoro tho ohuroh of Chris tia found, by importing a now and truer estimate of sin and righteousness and judgment. Tho Holy Spirit, ponoinrating into tho dark placea of national opinion, is liko a light borno into a on,vorn, rovoaling dangora beneath the feet, rovealing bcautios at tho nidos and over tho hoad of tho exploror, enabling tho explorer to disoern what ia boforo him. From ego to ago the Holy Spirit, employing tho agency of mon of high oharaclor and authority as Hia instrumenta-mon who havo tho moral, as diatinot from tho morely matorial, in toreata of their follow-oroatureB at heart-is deepen- ing and sharpening tho publio aonao of sin. Thua tho national oonaoienco of ono generation ia tolorant of ovil whioh the next will diaallow. And, although there ia arovorao side to thio, and in eomo oasoo, aa in tbo ínatanoo ot our own new law ol öivoroo, a nation takoa a distinctly retrograde^ stop, yet, upon tho Jöholo, the national oonaoionoo becomes moro Bonoitivo to the porpotration of national wrong ; it ia convinced of oin. In tho samo way the Holy Ghost lights up in tho conaoionqo of a country tho idoa of rightcouanoas-toaokos mon to diotinguiah real groat noaa from üofcitioua groatnoaa-toaoho.i thom to dio- tinguiah groatnoaa of oharaotor from moro groatnoaB of position-to rato eimplioity and disintoreatod noan and honoaty of purpoao and quiolr. sympathy with wrong, moro highly than moro' .bril lianoy or anooono, combined with ¿fobd naturod indifforonoo to prlnoiplo, Ahovo all. Ho toaokos nations to boliovo that <3od has not loft thom to thomaolvoa, that Ho doo» talco aooount of thoir oorDornto aofca, that Hia hand afcrotobod out for judgment ia to bo aeon in ovonta whioh had hithorto looked to thom liko tho natural producto of natural oaußGß. lu a word, tho work of tho Spirit upon opinion io to ouggost n now nud tv higher point of viow-to make mon look with now oyon at contem- porary ovonta, to onhanoo tb,o trasoon una tho moral at tho coat, if it »cod bo, of tuovMblo, of tho material,-to suggest tho traecopadeut importtuioo of otornal intorpota whan b&lancod;, agrinja't thoaa whioh wily bolong to tim«, "' '"'" ""***,?WN* [ There is much elao of a very different kind in tho publio opinion of any Christian oountry-con- spicuously, we must confoBa it, of thia country. But the contribution to it whioh is made by tho Holy Spirit -mado through the inflnonoe of the Christian Church ainonp" na, and of good Christians-ia tho salt, depend upon it, which aavoa tho nation from perishing of aheor corruption. And laatly, in these three words-sin, righteous- ness, judgment - wo havo before ua tho three governing idean, the threo momenta, ao to call thom, of tho Christian life. The Spirit who convinces the world of Di« and righteonsnesa and judgment carrioo thin three-fold conviction with imperious foroo right into tho heart of every truo Christian. First in otdor, thoro comes tho oonviotion of sin of tho msvn's own nina, soon in their number, aeon without diogsiae, soon in their real magnitude. A Christian knows what oin ia. Ho may fall into it öß-aia and again, but ho doea not deooivo himself oithor as to its nature or aa to ita oonRoquenoos. The invisible Toaohor is there, olooe at hand, in his very hoart, to insist upon tho stern If nth. And so the Chriotian io over on tho look-out for sin, ovor struggling with ita ap- proaches. His falls do not disguise from him for a momont ita radical oppooition to God and to good ness. And next, lhere ia the conviction of righteonsnosfl. A Christian known what righteousness io. Ho has boon taught ita trno standard by tho inward toaohor. Ho knows thRt, in tho impassioned yet accurate lan- guage of eoripturo, any righteousness whioh could bo furnished out of his own moral roaonrccBia re- garded, aa a moral clothing in the Bight of the MoBt Holy, only aa filthy rogs. And thoreforo he looko up to the Lerd our ritihteouBness, to that ainleaa and divine Saviour, whose rishtoonanesa becomes hia own whenitia claimed by faith, whon it ia convoyed through the chartered means of grs.co ¡granted to the ohur oh of God. Above all, the Christian is convinced of judgmonl. He knowe that God ia jndeing him day by day, and that, at tho last great day, God will judge him finally, and will award him his plaoo in eternity. Tho thought ef thia io constantly boforo him. It colours, it chapes, his whole idea of the meaning of lifo and death. To be thus aw&yed; by fear of ain, by love of a real righteousness, by cxpoot&tion; of tho jadgment -this is to bo led by the Spirit. This ia to havo passed under tho influence of thoao great creativo truths and ideas with whioh the Spirit waa sont down from Heaven, that He might purify and fertilize the lives andheartn of mon. Brethren, lot na pray Him to porfoot His blessed work in ua one by one, that, whilo timo lasts and eternity ia Btill future, " tho law of the Spirit of life in Christ J oona" may make na, each one, ''free from tho law of ain and death." 