Fnojt the telegraphic notices that occa sionally come to hand concerning the savings and doings of the German Chancellor, it is sufficiently clear that j this once all-powerful personage occu i pies at present a most unenviable posi ! tion. Disappointment at the failure of ! most of his pet schemes for the revival ' of that national prosperity which seems ! to have found its term with the close of j the 1'reuch war. has soured liis temper i and weakened his judgment. On the : rare occasions' when he now makes his j appearance in the Beichstag, he is no j longer greeted as the Jupiter Tonans of I debate, and his present style of oratorr, , petulant and personal to a degree, too j often provokes murmurs of disapproba i tion, if nothing worse. The mail who. I but a year or two since, could make sure j of carrying, by a triumphant majority. ] any measure, however unpopular, that he had set his mind to, is now reduced io the necessity of higgling and bar gaining with every miserable particu j larist ''faction'' for their half-dozen of j votes : yet after all has in nine cases out of ten to content himself with some un satisfactory compromise, in which the very pith aud marrow of his design is lost. The phantom constitution to which he once stood and no doubt long 1 expected to stand in the relation that PitoFEsson Peppee does to his ghost, is crystal lining into materiality. Personal prestige and. force of will are 110 longer a match for party combination, aud he must handle the reins gingerly, if he would not lose hold of them altogether. But the patient suavity of the trained parliamentary statesman forms no in gredient iu his character. He cannot realise the truth that all things come to him that -waitetli. He must have his way at once, or not at all. Eesistance or hesitancy irritate liiui, and the ordi nary forms of deliberation arc as gall aud wormwood to his imperious spirit. It can well be understood, then, how exasperating to one of his disposition must be the consciousness of a loosening hold on the representative elements once so submissive to his will. Other aud more objective sources of vexation, too, help to embitter his declining years. As the chief author aud organiser of the I German Empire, he must be intensely mortiiied to observe that his new politi cal creation appeals almost as little to the national sentiment as it seems to embody the conditions essential to the happiness and contentment of the people. If Germany has at last secured the re cognition long denied to her by the Areopagus of nations, the distinction has been bought b}' the sacrifice of almost everything that endears a coun try to its children. Tlie twin apectres of sectarian discord and communistic agitation, which were lirst raised under the Uismarkian regime, aud which no afterretractationcan effectually lay, cou tinuc to cast their shadows. The dis turbance of monetary relations conse quent on the influx of French gold in payment of the war indemnity of IS72 has left a residuum of unthrift, of in dustrial stagnation and wide-spread poverty against which all economic con trivances seem powerless. The best forces among the population, including an inordinate proportion of realised wealth, are draining away to distant parts of the globe with a rapidity that threatens ere Jong to seriously impair the vitality aud recuperative power of the nation at large. Nothing progresses save militarism, and the grinding taxa tion that maintains the incubus. In Germany proper the cordial, jovial, childlike, simple, popular spirit— that mental diathesis wliich is characterised by the untranslateable word Gemulh liclikeit — has well-nigh died out, and is replaced by the hard and heartless maxims of the communistic school of thought. As an example of the ravages ' vioval and social unhappiness, eating it;; .. J.J like a canker, deep into the vitals of the jieople, the Germany of to-day stands second only to Ilussia. The contemplation of so gloomy a picturc, with the irresistible consciousncss that its flaws are his own handiwork, cannot but have a depressing influence on the veteran statesman, who, with all his faults, may be credited with a sincere desire to benefit his country, and pos sibly with an equally sincere conviction that he was adopting the right means of doing so. Nor is this all. A shameful family scandal, in which his favorite Bon and cliief helper in the cares of office, has become involvod, adds another pebble to tlie heap, and caps disappointment with dishonor. Aud, worse than all, the melancholy aud premature death of his victim, Couxt Auxtm, who pined out his days in exile, after having filled the highest diplomatic posts which it was in the power of the Emperor to bestow, is an event adapted to awakon, even in so stern a nature as Bismiuk's, the pangs of remorse. The unrelenting hostility of the Chancellor against this much maligned nobleman dates so far back as the (Ecumenical Council held nt Home iu 1S70. Count Von Abkisi being then Prussian envoy to tho Vatican. In that capacity lie found occasion to tender to Bismahk — then occupying the post of Prime Minister iu the Prussian Cabinet — certain advice, which the latter thought proper to disregard, or at all events neglected to follow. The result of such neglect was a premature con summation of that disastrous rupture between the spiritual aud the secular power, from the consequences of which Germany has so long suffered. The present Chancellor, mortified to find Vox A mom's warnings so soon realized, soon conceived a mortal dislike to L ouxt Ai;xim, aud set about compassing his ruin with an almost malignant zeal. 'When the victim of these unworthy tactics was filling the post of German envoy at Paris, he was suddenly recalled, and ordered to retire to his paternal estates. Shortly afterwards a trans parent charge of sccreting state docu ments was trumped up against him ; he was arrested and marched .off to jail like a common felon. Although able to adduce satisfactory proof that the docu ments alleged to have been stolen were his own property, he was sentenced to a term of imprisonment, which at the in stance of Peixce Bismaiie was trebled in duration, but from which he escaped bv retiring into Italy, where he published the famous political Irochure 'pro nihilo the disclosures of which brought his powerful adversary's enmity to the culminating point. The result was an elaborate prosecution for high treason, and the condemnation of the culprit in contumaciam, to five years penal servi tude. Against this outrjgeous sentence Ait-xl-i appealed from his Italian asylum, but in vain. His request to be allowed to plead his cause in person before the Imperial Court of Appeal, without be coming amenable to arrest and imprison ment on re-entering Germany, was dis regarded, and after long aud fruitless negotiations ho died brokenhearted on1 French soil at 2wce, a sad warning to all . who would risk incurring the enmity of tlie virtual ruler of Germany. The latter, however, is in the opinion of many now undergoing a just retribution for his cruel treatment of a former col league, whose chief, if not only offence was that of having an opinion of his own — and sticking to it. 