THE THEATRES, Etc. By " Adagio." There could not well be a finer ending tfian that of "La Fille du Tambour Major," which has its last performance on Satur day night at the Opera-house. It does not fizzle out like the finish of a pyro- technic display, but disappears in a sky rocket-like blaze. . Crowds of visitors are still anxious to see it, but Time is inexorable, and the season must finish, on the night in question — that of its hundred-and -first repre sentation. To Miss Pattie Laverne, Mr. Fred. Mervin, Mr. Albert Brennir, Mr. Har- wood, and Mr. Wallace, the success which has attended its representation is materially due. In a lesser, but still important degree, Miss Jessie Grey, Miss Maggie Liddle, Mr. Hallwell, Mr. Dean, Mrs. Wooldridge. aud Miss Julia Barber have con- ' tributed to the result obtained; while Miss ConSuelo and the other ladies composing the i bevy of handsome officers must also bp I credited with a share of the honour. The | fine scenery of Mr. Habbe, the accurate and | expensive mountings, and the magnificent I costumes, have also aided in producing the ' | completest ensemble yet seen on the Australian I stage. The company leaves in a few days for its Adelaide season. There will only be two alterations made in the cast — Miss Nellie Stewart taking Miss Jessie Grey's place as Griolet, and Mrs. Edouin Bryer that of Mrs. Wooldridge as the Abbess. The re-appearance of Miss Louise Pomeroy at the Theatre Royal, on Saturday night, was signalised by one of the most crowded at tendances that have been seen within its walls. Miss Pomeroy re-appeared as Rosalind, a character which assisted materially during her first season towards establishing the good reputation she had previously made for her self as a delineator of the feminine creations of Shakspere. The impressions first formed of Miss Pomeroy 's Rosdlind were on the present occasion iu no respect less favourable ; indeed, all the good, and, in many instances, original, points in her reading were ex hibited to greater advantage than at first. The ebullient gaiety which marks, her intercourse in the forest with Celia and Touchstone, her miHhful enjoyment of the love passages between Sylvius and, i Phoabe, and the growth and development i of her own love for Orlando, were phases i of conspicuous merit, demanding honest i praise. I still think that some addi t tional intensity should be imparted to the t situation where, receiving the news of Orlando's encounter with the lioness, she manifests I a womanly fear so utterly out of keeping | with her masculine assumption. The greater the physical terror and distress shown, the more keenly is her eagerness to have it thought that she is only "counterfeiting." Ifi her stern "rebuke of Duke Frede ric, and her beautiful reading of the epilogue, are to be found, however, features which fully counterbalance any little faults discernible in her rendering. Some alterations in the cast were made, the most important being the substitution or Miss Myra Kembie, for Miss Jessie Grey, as Celia ; Mr. Bland Holt, for Mr. Hoskins, as Touchstone; Mr. Leake as Jacques, Mr. Douglass as Oliver, and Miss Docy Stewart as Audrey. Of .Miss Kembie, i can only be said that her Celia is negative in tone and colour, and that an ultra-modern costume which she wore, however gorgeous, did not condone the offence to good taste involved in its untimely adoption. An actress with a proper appreciation j of her noble profession would decline to . allow herself to be made a peg to hang j a modiste's triumph upon, merely because it j was a triumph, and not in keeping with the 1 play or character. Miss Kembie might cer- j tainly rest her defence on the fact that Jtnius Ceesar has been performed in jackboots and t a Ramilies wig, but it would not be accounted a good one, nor bring about her. acquittal in a court of art. Mr. Bland Holt's Touchstone was entirely free from extravagance, and if it had not that subtlety of wit which it is only the fortune of a few to be able to display, it was yet whimsically serious and full of a rough force and goodness, which com mended itself favourably <0 the house. Mr. Leake's Jacques could not be unreservedly accepted as a true type of the melancholy wit. It was too ponderous in its nature, and un marked by those flashes of humour which relieve the character from its heaviness, and j make it so admirable. Mr. Douglass, ; as Oliver, although somewhat undemon- ; strative, was far from unacceptable. Miss .Docy Stewart adapted herself to the coarse requirements of the part of ! Audrey. As Orlando, Mr. Appleton had a part in which he always appears to the very best advantage, the present instance being no exception. Mr. Holloway, as the banished Duke, was extremely successful. Mr. Brown's Le Beau was good, as would have been Mr. Oily Deering's Adam, if it had not been infected with an old age f that bordered on senility. Mr. Jones, as the Duke Frederic, and Miss Lena Edwin, as Phoabe, completed a cast which must be regarded as a fairly powerful one for the new season. The remainder of the week has been devoted to " Romeo and Juliet" and " Cymbeline." On Saturday, the pro mised revival of " A Winter's Tale" will take place, Miss Pomeroy essaying the extremely difficult feat "of playing the two very opposite characters of Hermione and Perdita. At the Bijou Theatre the attraction is a new comedy-drama by Tom Taylor and A. W. Dubourg, entitled " A Sister's Penance." It is a three- act piece, the scene of events in the first and third being fixed in England; and the second in India, at the time of the mutiny. The first scene in troduces us to a nicely-furnished villa near London, the owner of which, a Mr. Yernon, has met with misfortune, necessitating the selling-off of all the furniture to satisfy the demands of creditors. His two daughters, Alice and Marion Vernon, resolve to assist their father by going out as governesses. Marion is deeply in love with a young engineer, named Frank Markham, who has just re ceived an appointment under Government in India. Marion frees him from his engagement, and they separate, to battle their way through life. At the last minute Markham writes a letter to Marion, declaring that he cannot release her, and proposing marriage before he starts for India. This letter he confides to Alice Vernon to deliver, but she fails to do so, as she too is devotedly attached to Frank Markham, though he is unaware of the fact. This, of course, leads to serious complications, and on these the whole plot of the drama hinges. A Mr. Drayton, who is an old flame of Marion's, pays off the debt on her father's furniture, and not knowing that Markham has changed bis mind, she marries Drayton, partly under the advice of her sister Alice. Among the visitors at the Vernons' house is Ahmedoolah (agent to the Maharajah of Hazareepore), and he too bears a seoret love for Alice, but is inter rupted on the point of declaring his passion. The second act represents an up-country station in India, tle home of Colonel Leslie, the uncle of Alice and Marion Vernon. Alice j is staying there with the colonel, and is en- j tertaining friends, among whom are Mark- i ham, Dr. Handyside, and Major M'Wort. Ahmedoolah is also a guest, and. makes j an offer of marriage to Alice, which she i declines. The Indian then threatens her, and hints at mutiny amongst the sepoys, but pro mising her safety if she accepts his hand. Alice defies the native, and shortly afterwards the mutiny breaks out. The residence of Colonel Leslie is attacked, but Alice barri cades' the windows, and just as she is resign ing herself to her fate, Frank Markham forces open the Venetian shutters and enters, re volver in hand. While the fighting is going on outside, Alice informs Frank how she has de ceived him with regard to Marion in not delivering his letter. At this point the British forces overpower the sepoys, and ail the occupants of the residence, with the ex ception of Colonel Leslie, who is killed, are saved. In the third act the scene is laid at Southampton, where Alice has returned from India. Markham is staying in her' house invalided, and is being attended by Dr. Handyside. An interview then takes place between Alice and her married sister, and the facts which were contained in the missing letter from Markham to Marion are explained. Ahmedoolah is also a servant in the house in a disguise, whither he has tracked Markham with a view to kill him. He poisons the latter's medicine, but Alice Vernon being taken ill, the tonic is offered to her, and she drinks it. Ahmedoolah then explains that the draught is poison, and that it was intended for Markham. In despair, he rushes out of the room, jumps over a balcony, and falls over the cliffs below, where he is killed. The prussic acid, which it was supposed the native had placed in the medicine, turns out to be water, as Pamela Pink, the servant, had changed it purposely. Alice Vernon immediately recovers, and all ends happily, she giving her hand and heart to Dr. Handyside, while Mrs. Dray ton, whose husband has died iu Spain, pledges her troth to Frank Mark- ham, There are two characters introduced in the drama, namely, Stubbs and Pamela Pink, and they supply the comic element, and appear to follow the heroand heroine of the romance throughout in the capacity of ser vants. The spectacular effect ?e mutiny scene was very good, that and fee details .in connection ap-counby life in Tnd'ft were most faithfully pour- tmyed was doubtless due to the fact tb/t Mr. and Mrs. Lewis have spent several years in India, and profited by then observations. As the heroine of the piece Mrs. Lewis played most successfully, but she was but indifferently supported by Mies Florence Louis, as Marion Vernon. It was evident that Miss Louis only an amateur, and has much to learn ; and this fact placed Mrs. Lewis, as Alice Vernon, at considerable disadvantage. Miss Blanche Louis made a fair soubrette as Pamela Pink. Mr. G. R. Ireland 8 Frank was the best played part in the drama. Bwas carefully pourfcrayed, and the points were nicely brought out. Mr. Hans Phillips was Ahmedoolah, and acted with judg ment. Mr. Harry Daniels's Colonel Leslie was a very creditable performance, and the same may be said of Mr. Joyce's Dr. Handyside. The low comedy was entrusted to Mr. F. Thorne, as Stubbs, and of course could not have been in better hands. From first to last be kept his audience in a«pimmer of merriment, ana, to a great extent, relieved the piece from wearisome ness. Mr. Grist had painted three excellent scenes for the drama, and he. must be com plimented on bis efforts. Judging by the usual standard public opinion, as expressed in thebonse — the sensa tional drama of " The Little Detective," pro duced at the Princess Theatre on Saturday night, was a success, and is likely to secure a run. The piece has no literary merit, and its plot is badly worked out, but it serves i to illustrate the versatility of the leading ; actress, as she has to assume five charac- ' ters, and to please the lovers of the i sensational, inasmuch as there is a villain : who is ever being tracked by a Bow street runner and the Little Detective herself. This i villain has also hairbreadth 'scapes on land and water, throws his wife into the sea, and is finally shot himself and falls from a balcony into the street. Mise Clara 1 Stephenson took the hard-working rolA of the j Little Detective, the respective characters she ! assumed being Florence Langton (with 5 curiosity), Guzzle Cutteridge (a Somerset- ; shire wench), Mrs. Gammage (an ancient i nurse), Mr.HarryRackett(a fast young man), Barney O'Brien (from the Bogs), all of \ which she played energetically, and, as a whole, welL Her changes of dress were | speedy, and her complete metamorphose of : character and substitution of dialogue served ; well to show her powers of impersona- tion. Some capital scenery was pre sented by Mr. Huntley, which secured him a couple of well -deserved calls. The piece ran | very smoothly, and appeared to greatly : please the audience, which was a numerous : one. ; The Fakir of Oolu, Dr. Sylvester, presented : himself before a very large and appreciative . audience on Saturday night, at St. George's- j hall. The entertainment in itself, although i scarcely materially differing from former : representations, Iwas so artistically meta morphosed, that one was led to Imagine that feats of legerdemain almost ante diluvian were quite novel. The per formance commenced with an exposition of j the Andersonian art by the " Fakir after i which Miss Emilia Beaumont, a lady j possessing a sweet, though not powerful, con tralto voice, sung "Never More" very prettily. | Madame Sylvester followed with the polonaise j from " Mignon," which she sang respectably. Mr. Lacie in Ids ventriloquism caused much amusement, and the mesmeric power ex hibited by the Fakir in suspending his daughter in mid air without any apparent support, and controlling her movements and actions by the fiutterings of a | fan, drew forth rounds of applause. The i brilliant spectacle of the fairy fountain, which j years ago was spoken of by the Press, but vasU& improved, terminated the performance. Tire first subscription concert of the season given by the Melbourne Philharmonic Society took place in the Town-hall on . Good Friday night, before a very large audi ence. The society has, this year, de parted successfully from the conventional path it has trodden for the past few seasons in choosing for its subject " Des Hefiands | Letzte Stunden " of Spohr, or, as it is better j known by its anglicised title, " Calvary," j a work first given in England under the | author's own direction, in 1889. It has been ! performed in London several times within the last thirty years, notably at Exeter-hall, under Costa's baton, and will, therefore, rank as a standard oratorio. As a composition it merits the appellation of beautiful as distinguished from massive. There are some broad and splendid themes interspersed, but none of sufficient magnitude to admit of the term " grandeur" being used to define their calibre. The solos and concerted melodies, however, are lovely, their mellifluous quality enchanting, the choruses and instsomentation full of rich and original beauty, and the whole work one which, under entirely favourable conditions, would evoke the unreserved admiration of any miscellaneons audience. These conditions were to a considerable extent absent _ In the plenti- tude of its power, the, society chose to entrust nearly all the leading vocal parts to amateurs, whor however zealous and earnest, do not possess the capabilities nor the experience of professionals, the almost inevitable result being that the in terpretation was not generally satisfactory. Of course there were honourable exceptions in the persons of Miss Rosina Carandini (the onlyprofessional lady present), and Mr. Jones, a new basso, and pupil of Mr. Alfred Plump- ton, who made his first appearance, and ac quitted himself singularly well. The instro- mental work was in the hands of an orchestra of some forty-eight players, led by Mr. Kma and including in its numbers Mr. Curtis as first violin mid Mrs. Lupton as harpist. The chorus was about double the number of the orchestra, and it will therefore be understood that it did not nearly balance it. The choral portions were given with a precision and colour which told of frequent and benefi cial rehearsal, but lack of strength was but too plainly perceptible throughout. Want of space precludes an extended notice of " Cal vary" being given, but a work so lovely : overflowing with such charming ideas, ex- ; pressed in such masterly though fanciful imagery, must almost of necessity be repeated, and I shall then endeavour to criticise it fully. The tenor music was, sung ; by Mr. Ford, bat the whole of his work was ; confined to recitatives, and beyond sihgjmg j some of them expressively, there was -no j opportunity afforded him. Miss Carandini, | as Mary, the mother, had, in her first air, j Though air thy friends -prove faithless," j a pathetically beautiful larghetto, which she sang with a tender feeling, infinitely grateful, aud refreshing, hut her real triumph was secured in a touching solo, " "When this Scene of Trouble Closes," with an accompaniment for violin and harp only (Mr. Curtis and Mr| | Lupton playing what may be termed the j double obligato.) The effect produced by the j sins was indescribably beautiful, and elicited ! for singer and accompanists rounds of genuine applause. Mr. Jones's opening solo, " Tears of Sorrow," also an expressive larghetto, showed that he possesses a fine, robust organ, which has also the double advantage of being fresh and sweet. It has only partially acquired the expression necessary to make it tell powerfully in sacred music, but everyone present could hear that Mr. Jones is being educated in a good school. He sang care fully correctly — merits that must not jbe overlooked. ' A nicely harmonised trio, «« Jesus, Heavenly Master," was finely sung by Miss Carandini, Miss Frith, and Miss Orme, the latter of whom possesses an ex ceptionally deep and rich contralto voice, of which much might he made with good tuition. At present it is somewhat rpugh, aud under imperfect control, hut its depth and quality are undeniably good. There is only one number in the work in fugal form, a magnificent chorus of disciples, " O, Thou Eternal God," but it is splendidly written, and is very inspiriting and massive. A chorus of priests and people, which illustrates the scene at the cross, after the Saviour has given up the ghost, " What threatening tempest," is evidently suggested by tne r reiscnutz oi Weber, which was composed nineteen years before Louis Spohr wrote " Calvary," and has therefore probably furnished him with the theme for this number. Mr. David Lee conducted, and worked very hard with the not very plastic materials at his command to produce an ensemble worthy of the name. A complimentary benefit-concert tendered to Miss Rosina Carandini took place at the Town-hall on Monday, and was very largely attended, both galleries and floor of the huge hall presenting a very full appearance by 8. o'clock. The . scheme of the concert possessed no Special features of interest, nearly all the numbers being familiar ones. The bene- ficiaire's solos were Braja's serenade, to which Mr. A. Montague played the violoncello obligato, and " I cannot mind my wheel," to which she played her own accompaniment. Miss Christian was in splendid voice, and sang magnificently a song of Sullivan's — My Dearest Heart." Mrs. Cutter had a re- i J ni %A tttoc annlflDifipd fnf. Snfi. laAcU iiiiiuoii) uuu - o % m 1 however, took part in a quartette of Pinsuti s, j © trio of Benedict's (" Thoughts of Home"), and the sestette " Oh somnes Carlo," from 1 »' Ernani." Mr. Staker's one solo was Hat- top's "Exdfelsior," and Mr. Moroney's " When Sorrow Sleepeth," Mr. A. Montague again playing the 'cello obligato. Mdlle. Alice Char- j bonnet played a series of tunes from the " Grand Duchess" strung together by Giorza, and designated with the title of " Grand Fan- J tasia de Concert." Among the amateurs assist- j ing, Miss M. Davies, a pupil of Miss Caran- I dini's, and with an average soprano voice, sang | gchira's well-known " Sognai." Mr. Lutgens sang, " Non piu Andrai," from " Nozze di I Figaro," and, with the benejiciaire , the duet, m Quanto Amore," from " L'Elisir d'Amore." Messrs Stirling and Whitehead assisted in the part songs, the best of which was Horsley's " By Celia's Arbour," (unaccompanied). Signor Zelman was conductor and accom- panist. 