TRAINING NOTES. FLEMINGTON, Satubdat, Sept. 21 Trainers were at business early, Morrison; ' sending The Czar and Lowlander for some extended.work. Trumpeter was also striding along,,and did some good exercise on the tan track. Allender and Alarm Bell, after canter* ing, strode along for a sharp half mile, Hya cinth was doing some good preparatory work. Old Wellington was treated to a canter. < Chatterer waB striding; along for three miles on the tan, alao Riverton; and Prince George, in hand, was doing nice work. Nautilus' was on the track, but only did medinm-pace work. Canary cantered onoe round the ground, and was joined by P.G., when they galloped 'another round; the son of Epigram went very well, running the last sound in 2m. .33Js, ABC end Adventurer also did a strong gallop once round the sand track. Respite and Sportsman were doing some sound exer-, ciee. Mercury went a good gallop with i Adele and Her Majeaty for a mile, Adele i ehowing lota of speed. Moran'e steeple, chasers were doing long half-pace work. Goodman sent Sir hfodred onoe round, when be was joined by Hilarious. They ran an other ronnd on the sand track at three quarter pace. Somnue stripped, with fdalium in breast sweaters, strode along for useful exercise twice ronnd tbe ground. Roe worth was doing useful work for a couple of turns on the sand track with his stable com panions. The Hawk, who improves very much, was working; and Golden Butterfly, with Braithwaite up, did nice work. Sel roan's two year olds were on the track, and they strode along sharply for three or four furlongs. They appear to be doing very well. Warlock and Wizard went on the tan, going slowly for a round, and increasing the pace for an other one, they galloped for a third round. Lang's team were treated to strong work on the sand track. Mr. Dakiu sent Darebin and Terrible Billy for half-pace exercise for three miles on the tan. I thought the colt looked remarkably well, went strong &b; a lion, and promises to be a fit horse on the day. Billilla strode along for useful exercise ou the outer track. Mahou'e, Sullivan's, aud several other trainers' strings were on the ground working. I saw Abdullah, on my return home, going out for exercise, and he appeared fresh and well, Walsh, who arrived yesterday overland with the Hon. J. P. Bell's horses, was on the ground, and treated his lot to a steady canter. Tuesday, Sept. 27. Mr. Sevior commenced soon after daylight, and sent Mercury nice striding work, and Belludrum a slow canter. Warhawk, who, although looking a trifle light, appeared to be very fresh, cantered on tlie tan, where Lord Clifden went striding along at a nice pace. The New Zealanders cantered, Somnusaud Sir Modred having had a strong gallop on the ty, ana Hilarious subsequently did previous day, , . moderate work on the tan, his pilot having a big pipe stuck in his mouth. The Czar, Wel lington, and Trumpeter were treated to slow exercise on the outer track, and Don Quixote, Lowlander, and Hyacinth went three times round the tan, the last two miles at a good pace. Advent aud Sir Oliver cantered, and then galloped about four furlongs. Riverton did moderate exercise on the tan, where Chat terer strode along in good style for a couple of miles. Alleuder and Alarm Bell galloped half a mile, and Southsayer, Harp of Erin, Larpent, Mr. Moran's lot, and others got some useful work about the same time. My Lord cantered, and Mr. _ Crook gave Nautilus nice striding exercise ou the outer track. Respite aud Josephine had a canter, and then galloped a mile in lm. 54s. Coriolanus and Sportsman did good work to gether, and, after Messrs. Glasscock and Jellett had given their respective strings use ful exercise, Mr. Selman sent Wizard and Warlock a most serviceable gallop, the last mile and a half at a good strong pace. Dare bin and Terrible Billy went a mile and a half at a very moderate pace, the three year old being very anxious to go. Thetv^ Pollio and Commotion, both looking well, did some good work on the outer track, and Pell Mell, King of the Vale, and another followed suit. Lesbia galloped a fast half mile with Venture, whom she beat easily in 51is. Then Billilla galloped a mile in lm. 52s., and Sunbeam the same course itilm. 51s., after which The Ghost aBtonished those present by galloping the mile in a shade under lm, 47s. He was tiring at the finish aud Albyu, who went with him, was catching him very fast; yet, for about six furlongs, this son of Tregeagle is a very smart customer. A number of other horses worked, but did nothing worthy of no tice. Thursday, Sept. 29. A cold frosty morning, but very fine and warm after the sun got up. Morrison was on the ground before daylight, and just at break of day he sent The Czar, Lowlander, and Don Quixote a mile aud a half at a strong pace. Alarm Bell and Allender can tered a mile and ran a fast half mile, the two year old shaping welL The New Zea landers cantered, and subsequently Somnus and Idalium ran a mile at a good pace. Chatteler and My Lord did good work on the tan, and the last mile was got over at a strong pace, Murpby riding Chatterer out at the finish, aud he drew away from the three year old. The good-looking Sir Oliver and Advent cantered. Sir Modred, with sweaters on, strode along for three miles on the tan, this fine son of Traducer moving beautifully. Adventurer and Young Alfred, both having clothes on, strode along for about three miles on the outer track, where Nautilus cantered twice round. Riverton was treated to steady work, and so was Larpeqt. Cora, after can tering, sparted abont half a mile. Respite and Lord Clifden went three miles on the tan, gradually increasing the pace, and running the last time round in lm- 55s. Lord Clifden went in capital style. Canary cantered on the tan, where Bosworth did some nice Btriding work. Mr. Glasscock's lot were treated to Borne useful exercise. Jose phine, Coriolanus. Golden Butterfly, and Sportsman canterea about six furlongs, and then started at a strong pace. After five furlongs had been traversed, Golden Butterfly and Sportsman were polled off. aud Corio lanus and Josephine went on for another .three furlongs. The filly had the best of it at the finish, but Coriolanus, who iB one of the laziestof animals, performed better than usual. Mr. Moran's steeplechasers did some useful work, and Mr. Selman followed suit with VictreBB and Roederer. Whisper and Wizard strode along at a nice pace, and War lock was exercisea on thetau, going strong the last time round. Billilla galloped a mile in lm. 53s., and then Darebin and Terrible Billy cantered half a mile, and went a mile at about three-quarter pace, occupying 2m. 8s. in compassing the mile. Pollio, who looks splendid, cantered once round the outer track, and was joined by Pell Mell, the pair running abont a mile at a good pace. A number of , others exercised, in the afternoon Tangle ; ran halt a _ mile in lm. 53s., and Prince George, Fryingpan, and other youngsters exercised. ■ Fbiday, Sept. 30,, The work done at Flemington this morning was not of a very interesting character. The. | gallop of the morning was that of Scipio. who ran half a mile in lm. 51s. Warlock ana Wizard did, good serviceable work, and so did. Sir Modred and Somnus. Darebin, who has had an easy week, went twice round the tan at' half pace. Canary, Chatterer, My Lord, Nautilus, and a number of others, did ser viceable work. CAULFIELD, Tuesday, Sept. 27. ' There was not mncb strong exercise done this morning. Owing to a heavy fog hanging over the -ground yesterday morning trainers were compelled to work their teams in the afternoon. P. Heywood was indulging most' of ;his horses with slow work, Waterloo look ing remarkably fresh and well, and the Derby colts in good form. Sir Charles was cantering, and brushed along for half a mile; tbfs is a very nice colt Dhurringile, who looks fresh and well, was on the tracks. Sir Joseph, who improves in form, exercised with Kalo. who is a most determined gentle man, and tf he bad not had a good horseman like O'Brien op, things wonld nave been very mixed, for no sooner was he set cantering than he commenced to kick in a moat reso lute etyle, and would not be denied, but O'Brien stuck to the pigskin like a workman! Teheran and Syndicate were -doing slow exercise. Doncaster by Gondolier, a useful colt, worked with Granville. Mr. Dnffettgave Diane some strong exercise once-round the ground. The rest of his team went slowly, T. Jobes gave Doncaster and 8ea King some useful work, once round at a fair pace, and then they galloped another. Woodlands, DougalBton, and CrStne de Bouzie all looking well, did Bome sharp _ work the |>revious evening. Tangle, who is a good-looking filly, with plenty of substance, was sent for a long canter. Yendont a smartish hunter, did some sound work twice round the track. Leng's string cantered. Dan Robinson had Noonday, Haidee of the Hills, and Bismarck, late Sur prise, did useful exercise. BRIGHTON, Monday, Sept. 26. Staying at the Red Bluff Hotel overnight, I was on the track where Griffin and Foulsham train their horses early. The former was at business by 6 o'clock, and he sent Trout, a useful-looking brown horse, by Angler, to lead The Cockney and Greyhound, who look well, for about two miles and a half. The two year olds Iphigenia, a niceish filly, and Comet, a thick useful-looking colt, were cantering, and ran home strong for half a mile. Miss Panic, who resembles the family, was cantering, and Red Deer went slowly. Spectrum was doing some half-pace work for two miles and a half. This horse looks fairly well, but seemB inclined to be a bit fractious. All Griffin's nags are looking healthy and welL Foulsham was doing slow work with • hie team. He sent Pirate,late Richmond, and Bruno for two miles and a half. Cynic, who has furnished into a nice horse, accompanied by Ween, went about three miles and a half, increasing the pace a little the last mile. His horses are all looking in good buckle. Fickle and Saxon, both jumping horses, are in Foulsham's stable, but they did not work. 