About Noah's Flood.) ? Thisis one of Me **Flaneurt"latest concoctions: As a ra '*? *H. scientific men are humbngs to a certain extent, and some are even iriore ,?o, bat sooner or later their shams tdm np T and then their repuKSonrnfrrop* as "flat as a bag I of wet guana:; r-Volta,. Faraday, Morse j and Co. are the--latest culprits bowled i ont, and they-will probably be tried and : convicted at next assizes. I It appears ; these ??? misguided young men, in' the ; hopes of getting up a reputation and a I snog business, started the idea that they were( the: inventors of the electric tele graph ; but according to the St.'James' Gazette- the: affair 'was: :n- full swing .during the time of Noah.'; This is proved by what is. going on at the present day. < The trouble which the Gazette points to ?is-as follows:-^'.?;; . h ??:?'??.??? ? "The polarity of the earth depends upon the electric or heat currents of the sun; and it is highly probable that the earth's inclination to tne ecliptic 'is' governed ? by 'its polarity. > If therefore, there were' instantly established sufficient ' electrical ''connection, by' : wires 'around the eittb, ; m(b the- earth'; itself,, to , instantly-equalize'the' current and pro duce, a complete redaction of all electri- : cal excitement, what would be the effect on the polarity, and/ secondly/ on the inclination to the ecliptic 7" : ' There-would 'of conrse : be "a'sudden change in the pclarity'of the earth, and that simply means:the thermometer at the North Pole, would rise to an average of 150 deg. in the shade, whilst at the equator it would fall as low as the spirit I of a man who accidently hits up against a ghost at midnight. '? The sudden melt ing of all the Arctic ice would, of course, immediately start a big flood, and with the'exception of Professor Cavil, and family, there would.be very few of us fit' to "be early at the* poll" at the next elections!- This is, therefore, precisely what happened during the days of Noabu Telegraphic wires covered'the' land and telegraphic cables filled the sea; cattle, flour, com, &c.;,' were daily quoted from; all parts of the globe, and lovers courted through the convenient telephone, until at last the thing became too big for tbe earth's polarity ; tbe polarity bucked, ap went the poles, and away weut all ? creation. Tin's is tho latest scientific a?onne of tb.3 deluge, and ia the in-. tereste of the commnnity I would now call upon Mr. Melville, to move that all telegraph offices be at once abolished, all connected therewith shot; and then perhaps we will receive thnt adjusted share of polarity which we deserve and for which we pay the highest taxes.— JErte?UXtl* 