STORYTELLER. \- 'MISSING; ' J r 'p;£* ,vC '--? .OB; '? - ; MARTIN HERMANN'S r MILL* . : :? rAtaiiTEraLE srimifB detective again. 'jStji^jbyhe was pretty, intelligent, aud ^.evgry way so superior, that Lein Dodd^ferjjb'inusl; be confessed, was very 8iwtj|jrt&ble;, could not fail to bo in terested lirher.^. When le learned that she bad no hoine,havirig lived at Her mann's, since «lie was a little child, be I ddtermiiied'tb stand by ' like a man aud a brother. ? ' : Lem Dodd had no relative iu the city and it would not do to send Kitty to bis mother 'in - tho northern part of. tho Slate— reven if Kitty could be induced to go. ? 1 ; ' She must be cared for till she gets employment. I think I can find her a place ina Tjookbindery, or something of the kind ; but now she wants a home. Wc: haven't got room at our'place, and uuIcbb driven to the last extremity, I wouldn't care to tako her there ; though I think' it would bo proper enough.' Lem Dodd thought this over as he walked along after the cart containing Kitty's . and the cook's trunks. His thoughts were interrupted by Hannah, tbe cook. She said : ' ' ' Mo and Kilty's been talking, Mr. Dodd ; and as I have a comfortable home of my own, with a sister who has no children, and is married to a 'longshore man — one of the best husbands in the in the world — we've agreed that she's to come with me and rest for a while till we can look around oursels. And it's very much obliged we are to yon for yovr kindness.' As this was tbe very best that cotila ue do, no under the circumstances, Lem agreed to it, And even endorsed it. He saw Hannah and Kitty safely to the little cot tage, in .which the model 'longshoreman lived) arid then went home to his ' castle in the air' and Bupper. Mrs. Munroe and her daughter were home — Mary having come iu, a short time before, from watching the movements of , Carpenter and her husband. 'While in apparently good health and of sound mind in other matters, Mary Cheatham was certainly insane on one question. The wrongs she had endured and the death of , her cbild bad filled her with a thirst for veDge'ance that could only be allayed by - the destruction of the objects of her hate. - She plied her needle all the night — for I she seemed sleepless — or all the day, as tbe circumstances required, and devoted : the restJof the time to watching and pur suing with tlie tenacity of a bloodhound. She. was a woman of more than average intellect and force of will, anJ she bad been strikingly beautiful. She was still young, and when at times she forgot her j wrongs — tho times werebrief and seldom — ' her. eyes softened and an expression of - womanly sweetness and refinement came 1 lo her still ripe lipB. But the usual ex- ; pression was that of fierce resolve— of ] terrible, all-absorbing intensity, j 'Hasn't Mr. Neville returned yet?' ' asked Lem Dodd, coming into the little ? kitchen and sitting down with a sigh of i relief, for he was more than usually I fatigued. - ' Poor, young mar,' sighed Mrs. Mun- - roe, ' he came home at three after getting 5 I through ;with his scholars, and he seemed i about heart broke. He waited for a short 1 time, then hurried out again.' 1 , ' 'Which way did ho go ?' ' ' I don't know. He said, ' I'll go but and search for them ; it'll kill me if I re - 1 main still.'.' 1 ' I'd) afraid it will end like his search ing for Charles Carpenter. It would be a much better and bappier world if all the 1 men in it were like Paul Neville,' said i Lem Dodd. ' But as he is an excep tional character, and the most unworldly ' and unselfish ouc I ever met, he is bound to have a rough time of it, jast as long as , he lives.' ' But bc brings a blessing to others,' said: Mary, looking up from her work. ' 'He will leave tho worldbetter for having lived; but few have done so. The majority j are birds of prey, or prowling wolves.' Mary's eyes flashed, and she was be- , coming excited and fluent, but tbe sound f of quick steps coming up the stairs caused her to stop, and tbc next moment Paul Neville entered the room. ] He shook hands with every one, as was ; his custom, and tried to laugh and talk lightly, but lie was too much a cbild of nature 'to impose by his poor effort at ; acting. ? His blue eyes looked larger than f usual, and the ruddy hue — that many a . beautiful woman might have envied — had fled from his cbceks. The dead-gold hair hung in damp waves upon his forehead, - and the poverty of bis dress was notice- - able ; ordinarily his appearance was so charming and impressive that people never uotieed how he was dressed. ' 'What news, Paul, old boy ?' Lem Dodd walked behind bis friend's chair and laid' both hands affectionately on his shoulders. ' I could.fiud out nothing — nothing,' replied Pijiil. . ' IWeli, you cau't expect to be suc cessful all-at once. You can depend ' on jneito help in this search, while there ?' is the ghost of a chance ; but wo must go abbut'it systematically. It won't do . to buy; old directories,' laughed Lem, real ling the remarkable methods adopted iu' 'the search for Charles Car penter. lr'\\\T6 must sit do\ro and thii& up a plain,' and then carry that plan. \- out.' AInd do you know' what your -plan ought to be'?'? . interrupted Mary. ' Notyet ; ; you see wo have not de liberated,', responded Lem. ' 'Watch Cheatham aud his gang. . They are oil the search, and . they will ' fiiicl Mrs.' .Hope and Miss Hermann, if -itliey.are.to be found. You can depend : ; ^upoh'that' ' ? ' : 7: \v r think voii aire tight, Mary.' '???? * ' '' I'knowl aui right. I will w-aHli Hip and his, and you cauiiot do., better , tlrau join fbrcgSjjwffiime.'' She th¥e\y down her sowing, and the fierce light again burned in her eyes. ' Mr. Paul Neville is moved to act' by a feeling of love, and it is nobloand &od-like.; But loVo'is apt to faint and grow weary. Mine is the motive that transforms the weak woman into a fox in ciyining, a giailt in strength, and a lion in courage. It ia not the fury of a woman scorned. It is the vengeance vowed by a wronged and outraged mother, as she looked on the dead face of her famished child !' ' Hush, Mary! Hush; my daughter!' said the old woman, coasingly. ' Yes, mother, I will hush,' said Mary, resuming her work. ' But when I hear of the wrongs of another, my own seem more vivid.. I sometimes bite my lips till I . taste the blood, and bury 'my finger nails in my palms to keep from shrieking for vengeance in the crowded streets — ' ' Let us all have a cup of coffee,' suggested Mrs. Munroe, ' and we shall feel better, much better.' She made a great clattering about the table, and stirred the fire in the little stove, hoping iu that way to turn the tide of thought into other channels. Lem Dodd saw her object and seconded it, by affecting an airness of manner that might be called professional. He perpetrated some abominable puns, that were not rewarded with the shadow of a smile. He read over an imaginary bill of fair, and criticised the French dishes into which he persisted in trans forming the food on the table. He insisted that the water Mrs. Munroe poured from an earthen jug was a com bination of nectar aud champagne, and he called her ' Hebe,' and explained that Hebe was a celestial waiter on the gods in high Olympus.' He repeated some of his own jokes — ' warranted to make a horse laugh,' but they fell as flat as though they had been uttered in the presence of so many mummies. Any other man would have been dis couraged, but Mr. Dodd kept at it until he had succeeded in getting their thoughts on himself ; aud as this was better than to keep thinking of them selves, he may be said to have accom plished his purpose. Lem Bodd succeeded in keeping Paul Nemle home that-, night, but the conditionSyas that he fjfiould hereafter be unconstrained in his search, and that the repofter should aid him whenever he found time. WJieii they were about to go out the next ftight, Mary begged Paul Neville to resort to some disguise, saying, in explanation : ' Charles Carpenter, as he calls him self, aud others are hunting for you ; as you value your life, keep out of that man's way, particularly when ho can harm you without being seen by wit nesses.' 'Do you know the mail?' asked Paul. ' Only too well ! only too well !' re plied the old woman. For ten days Paul Neville and his friend kept up the search for Mrs. Hope and Miriam Hermann. They svatched the papers for a sign ; they risited the Morgue daily. They went bo the most unlikely and out- of-the-way places, but without success. In their wanderings they passed a dozen times through Puella-street, and Miriam, with i pained heart, saw tbe searchers look ing vacantly around. She drew in her lead and went on with her work, but said not a word to her mother. One evening they passed near the little cot tage where Kitty Boyne had found a temporary home with Hannah's sister, md Lem Dodd proposed that they should call on the pretty maid and see tiow she was getting on. They were hardly inside the door ivhen Hannah rushed at them, crying 3ut : 'Where's Kitty? Oh! wliere's Kitty?' ' Why,' gasped Lem Dodd, ' ain't she here? We came to see her — and pou.' ' Oh ! no, she ain't here, and ain't jeen here for three days,' said Hannah, tearfully. ' Why, bless me !' exclaimed Lem. ' 'What has become of her ?' ' I don't know. Her trunk's up stairs, and three days ago she went out to answer au advertisement, she said, md since that hour I haven't set my two eyes on her pretty face.' . Lem dropped into a chair, all his pro fessional airness gone, and an expres sion of pained perplexity iu his wide awake eyes. 'Did she have any other — I mean, liad she any sweetheart, any young man to whom' she was eiigaged ?' asked Lem. . ' L 'j His journalisticexperieuce had taught liim that when pretty girls disappeared suddenly and mysteriously, there was usually a young man with a marriage license at the bottom of it. ' Oh ! no, sir,' replied Hannah. ' Sure, if she was to do auythin' of that kind, you'd be the first one to kno.w all about it.' Lem felt complimented, and Hannah continued: ' She's been kidnapped, and Cheat ham's at the bottom of it. Bad luck to the day ho ever was born !' ' We can look for Kitty,' said Paul, innocently, ' at tho same time that we are looking for Miss Miriam ; it ? will not be more trouble.' _ Hannah was firmly convinced that they, were all dead, and buried fathoms deep in the Hudson, if indeed the bodies were not given over to the medical students in the . college near 'by. 'This is positively horrible,' said Lem, rising and pacing the floor. : Why, if this keeps up, no woman, big or little, old or young, will be safe. I will do for Kitty what you would not permit meto do for Miss Hermann.' ' What iB that ?' asked PauL _ 'I'll advertise for her iu all the metropolitan journals. I'll offer a jc ward — ' * ; . Suddenly realizing that he could not afford to pay for even the proposed ad vertisemeiits, he stopped snort; and walked'morc vigorously. f; tfliat night '.the young meli retired, but instead of .sleeping they lay awake,' ?tftlkipg over what.Lein called 'the ias^nishinglyinix'edconditio^pfasaire. To br- continued. W 