Kotice of New Books, A ROMANCE OF THE 19TH CENTURY, by W. H. MALLOCKS, author of " The New Republic,' &c.; Londoa, Cha.Ua and Windua, 1831. Sydney, Maddook's Library. Although modestly titled "A Romance,'' this book is something much deeper and higher than that. It is at once a clever " society novel," and a philosophical essay-full of reflection and of that thought which awakens thought in others, and also of that deep insight in to human character and motive which is so characteristic of itt» sin gularly gifted author. It is even more than ali this-it is a sermon, whose real, though unspoken terb is Solomon's " Vinitas vanitatuin ;'* «nd the solemn question it propounds (which is the "Isis" of time, but which eternity only can answer) is the ead and strange mystery of "permitted" mortal suffering and sin, and the blind groping of the ' agonised soul into the utter darkness which shrouds the will and the way of tho Deity towards man, and which, whi st striving humbly to believe, is ever thrust back ne it were in mournful amazement, as it daily and hourly sees the inno- cent suffer for the guilty, and the guilty flourish- ing like the "green bay tree" with neither man, nor apparently even God, to make it afraid. . The book, rightly read, voices the spirit of the age-that spirit which is not so much cold scepti cism, as earliest however caustic inquiry-and whose agnosticism is tempered not by irreverent scoffing, but by that yearning of the clinging, yet trembling, human seul through all th« ages of " Lord, help Thou my unbelief ! "' There aré several pages of a deeply eloquent prayer, in which Vernon uttered the unbelief, which really craves to be belief of many a thou sand seekers besides himself. " Thy creatures ! , . , But without Thee, what are they more than shadows are? . . Why, without Thee, what out a mere ghost is the universe, even to its furthest stars ? . . . a'or thou was not withdrawn from mo through my forgetting Theo, but througn my ever thinking of Theo. . . No ; what I have lost Thee by is not sin ; it is rather tho very thing's wheroby I resisted sin, it is my reason, ray intellect, and my longing for what is true. I have lost Theo, my God, through my earnest search to find Thee." This is neither the sentiment nor thc speech of a scoffer; it is the anguished cry of a strong soul stumbling, yet still seeking, reeking f r that eternal source of living truth, which, unless this lUfe be an aimless and useless lie, must surely be in some mightier hereafter, where the troubles of time are sublimated into the tranquil joys of eternity, and although there is almost the. sadness of des pair in this-" God wilt not answer, all the heavens are silent. In the infinite hush of space is but one solitary sound, tba tides of human his tory, ss without any purport, they mean like a homeless sea." Yet is there the living germ of the larger faith in this. ''A pure human affection is the calyx of divine faith,"-and /Souls may be moved to God even before they knew of His existence!" Veal and souls so cleated, are hardly likely to be so, only for an end of darkness, and death, and destruction, and even where they doubt, may it not well be (as the Laureate sings) " There lives more faith in honost doubt Relievo me than in half tho creeds." and thus doubt itself be but the devious doorway opening through outward darkness to diviner d&yf; Tba principal characters are few and clearly drawn^ttalph Vernon, the hero, Frede rick Stanley (v/hilofga guardsman), now a priest, and Alic CAUjpell, his friendg-rand the heroine. Cynthia Walters, who is the innocent victim of as cruel a curse as fate, in its blind, cold indiffer ence fco earthly good or evil, can well (or M P) inflict, Butagit is unjust to the reader to shadow out tfre plot and finale beforehand/we will only give a few wore entrants to show the style of the book,and as samples ot the f! wl$&vd-; wisdom" therein. " ' Men who aro clever,' said Lord Surbiton, solemnly, . we oin «omit by millions ; men with genius wo count by Unite«' Speaking of tho heroine (Cynthia Walters), ' Jyopd Surbiton broke sienoe in slow, moasnred accents. lp lpoltp, kg said, ns if an angel had descended m the midst noongal.' «*w PH8 duchess, j»rosent1y, ''I can Bee, evbn £com .th)» distance, that a^o'got? lier clothes not frpm (..avon, but; puris, aoa nothing poppe sp niuch'nsweli nj/wjo «ngelio simplißjty. Howtver. jolene &¿nrt/sh¿ fcddod, ai»d moro Bgrlousiy, ' upon my word 1 cm ito ogrfia with Lord Surbiton, ft ¡a literally ¿n anders tao«, ufc very high brad angel's into the bar^aip/" V . .' , WUat marks tho poetlo temper is tb» Intensity nf J's sympathy. What marks the uvtUtia is tho versatility, A womaa.whase dress is the perfeq'ion of fashion is never borsolf the perfection of real refinement. Most-of the Î,mm were far more sp'ondid than ladles. A genuino a# lady, if nd j» a very different person by the wny from a jgr>n, flfalt tho vicç in tho world Vornan ls oansed less by Bin ¿han by sorrow. The man in Jost is tho koy to the man |p Îarnott. Amongst tho bIR holt saints in heaven^ will be noss deepest scarred by tho battle. ' " ' ' . Look at me; I have wealth and power, and, T think, some talents. It is to others that I owe these, that is tho sense that haunts me, and the greater a man's power or place is, the great or in GoJ's eyes is tho number of his creditor*, ' Angel or There speaks the spirit of tho true man-the born leader of his kind ; for there is no such thing as absolute equality amongst men any more than there is amongst the angels. These are they who form the true Christians of the world; and just so longas they prove their born fitness by their inherent greatness of sentiment and active out come of real work, so long will they rule, and, in f ufytyjf. fp)p to elevate the lower and weaker of their. Igh #Ktfcre£ to » loftier' standard of thought and deed. " .'. The " Sadducees " of our generation may find more than a half truth perhaps in' this even. "Which is the best," said Vernon, with à half serious smile, "to kill your own thoughts,' or; to be killed by the thoughts of others ? Will tho Professor save you any more than the Pope?" There it is! 'no human soul finds comfort in a mere negation, and the_ weak ones thoreforp would rather seek rest in a blind trust than struggle dumbly through the darkness of doubt in toilsome seeking for tho day star of a Divine truth which their feeble faith is not strong enough to eyen dimly see. With one more extract we take our leave of a book where the society dialogue is os sparkling as tho more serious portion is profound of thought, and the plot and moral of which ia drawn with such consummate skill that it seems simplicity itself. Our three greatest word painters of scenery are Ruskin, Ouida, and Black, but our author may fairly claim to be a fourth after giving us such splendid passages as the long description of the Mediterranean coast of France and Italy, wind ing up with " the whole face of nature is like the tace of a living thing. It is tho face of a Cleo patra. Age cannot wither it, nor custom stale Its infinite variety." And again-?" Sea of southern moon and of Italian t wilighr, what eyes of famous lovers have looked out on you ! The most musical of the world's love songs have mixed over you with the vesper breezes. . . . The sea waa a palo sheet sharply dark at the horizon, where it washed with itB longleve's the reddening track of sun rise. . . . The faint promontories of Italy slept in a veil of vapour . . huge slopes of the mountains . , sombre ranges of far- reaching mounded olive woods . . unchanging in their soft impassive darkness," &c.;, &c.; The soul that clearly saw, and the mind and hand that lovingly penned this must have no ordinary insight and intense sympathy with nature, and the esoteric spirit of the universe of all created thin gs. Vale ! A. .. 