SPORTING NOTES. As will be gathered from the report below, the Cranbourne Racing Club brought off a fairly successful meeting on Saturday last, and now that the club, thanks to the erection of the new stand and weighing yard, will be able to derive some revenue from the visitors. we are informed that it is proposed to hold two or three meetings throughout the season. One thing, however, that will always militate against the success of the meetings is the difficulty experienced in reaching the course from Dandenong, for we feel assured that, had the attendance from town on Saturday reached 150 instead of 100, a large number of them would have had to remain at Dan denong, owing to the insufficient number of vehicles at that thriving little township. In the Hurdle Race on Saturday, old Nimrod once more proved that Weight will not stop a good horse in modrate company, as he made the running after the first half-mile, and actually walked in ; and, as he had the steadier of list 71b, this does not say much for the quality of those behind him. On the flat the hero of the occasion was Mr. Watson's Bun'yip, by Camel from a Premier mare, who fairly astonished his friends by easily appropriating the two handicaps in fine style, and we opine that he will yet be heard to further advan tage, as he could have been made a great deal fitter than he was The Steeplechase aroused a great deal of enthusiasm, as it was a splendid race all through, and when Star light, who is by Kirklestone (a son of Lady- kirk), shook off Proteus after the last fence was negotiated, the local people were not chary in applauding the victory of the repre sentative of the district. After the retirement of Japan, any odds could have been, obtained about Robbie Burns, formerly in Mr. Dow- ling's stable, for the Maiden Plate, and the issue was never in doubt from the fall of the flag, as he made the running nearly all the way, and eventually won as he liked. Pre vious to starting, however, a protest was entered against him upon the ground that he had been illegally nominated, and two leading bookmakers who had laid him for a smail amount in the doubles made themselves very offensive to the secretary, Mr. Gill, by im pressing upon him their views of the matter. Mr. Gill, however, was equal to the occasion, and after bearing with them for some time' at last very properly gave them a decided snubbing for their pains ; and as the protest was ultimately dismissed, for once all their " jollying " was thrown away. Everything passed off in a very pleasant manner, and we are glad to hear that the club came out on the right side of the balance-sheet. Mr. Baldoek's well- known horse Wellington will leave overland for Sydney in the early part of the ensuing week, and, we believe, will be accompanied by Waterford, one of the favourites for the Hawkesbury Autumn Han dicap. The next important meeting on the tapis is the one to be decided under the management of the Hawkesbury Race Club on the 7th and 0th April next, just nine days before the autumn meeting of the Australian Jockey Club, which will thus enable horses to com pete at both meetings. The general entries are to close at 4 p.m. on»Tuesday next, and although the programme has been kept very prominently before the Victorian owners of horses, it will do no harm to remind them that the events for which nominations have to be made are — The Hurdle Race of £100, the Rowley Mile of £100, Public Auction Stakes of £100, Railway Handicap of £100, the Shorts Handicap of £100, the Maiden Plate of £100, Two-year-old Plate of £100, and the Sptortsman's Cup of L25, the gift of the proprietors of the newspaper of that name, with £75 added by the club. Intend- ing visitors to the course with horses will be interested to know that single fares for the double journey will only be charged to race horses and grooms in charge from all stations to Windsor, Clarendon, and Richmond, on and after the 9th inst., available for return np to the 15th April. Passenger tickets will be issued at reduced fares from all stations to Windsor, Clarendon, and Richmond, on and after the /5th April, available for return up to the 12th April. These inducements, coupled with that of a good programme, should have the effect of inducing a large entry from this colony, and we hope owners will not forget that entries can be made up to 4 o'clock, at Mr. Bagot's office, on Tuesday next. The excellent programme of the A.J.C. Autumn Meeting, and first forfeit of the Sydney Cup, has also to be attended to on Tuesday next, and as the meeting falls so conveniently after that of Hawkesbury, the entries from this side of the border should be the largest the club have ever been favoured with. Full particulars of the programme will be found in our advertising colamns, but we may once more draw the attention of our o wners of horses to the fact that the nomina tions for the Hawkesbury, A. J.C., and Sydney Turf Club meetings can be made up to 4 p.m. au JUL. UltgUli » uuice. We regret to hear that the committee of the Pleasant Creek Racing Club have decided not to hold their autumn meeting, advertised to take place on the 23rd and 24th inst. This step was taken in consequence of the small- ness of the entries received on Monday last, in view of which the committee believed that, if they brought the meeting off, a loss of something like £200 would ensue, and as the club is now that amount in debt, they did not like to run the risk of incurring any further liabilities. Of course, we regret to see the club placed in such an unfortunate position, but having received entries, it is rather doubtful whether the committee have the power to abandon the meeting. Mr. J. Crozier informs us that his recent purchase, Savanaka, will remain in Mr. Wilson's charge until after the Adelaide Queen's Birthday meeting has been decided. Mr. Cox has issued a programme of events to be decided at Kensington Park on Tuesday, the 29th inst., consisting of the Hurdle Race of £20, Galloway Hurdle Race of £10, Selling Hurdle Race (for ponies) of £10, Selling Race of £20, Galloway Handicap of £10, March Handicap of £20, and the Handicap Trotting Race of £10. The entries are to close at 5 o'clock on Thursday, the 24th March. The committee of the Victoria Racing Club have held a couple of meetings during the week, at which it was decided to hold a Winter Steeplechase Meeting at Flemington. A sub-committee has been appointed to draw up a programme, which will be submitted to the general committee on Monday next, and we understand that they recommend a sum of £1,250 be given away in prizes. It is generally admitted that winter is the proper time of the year for our steeplechase meetings to be held, and now that the V.R.C. have very properly taken the matter up, we hope they will give prizes worthy of a ' ' Grand National" day. A Sydney friend kindly informs us that Chester has retired from the turf, and will never race again. Chester has been a wonder ful performer at all distances, and with all weights, and as he is a beautifully-bred animal, being by Yattendon from the im ported mare Lady Chester, by Stockwell, he should also be a success at the stud. The Sydney Turf Club announce a capital programme of events to be decided on the 30th April, just seven days after the A. J.C. Autumn Meeting, and as the stakes are very valuable, Victorian owners of horses could not do better than have a cut-in for them. The programme is as follows: — Hurdle Race of £60, Ely Handicap of £150, Corinthian Cup of £25, Steeplechase of £75, Selling : Plate of £60, and the Turf Club Handicap of £70, which events should be weil patronised. i Entries are to close, either at the V.R.C. or A.J.C. offices, at 4 p.m. on Tuesday next, the ! 22nd inst. The Midland Jockey Club (Tasmania) races were decided on the 10th inst., when there was a good attendance, which, however, would have been larger but for the threaten ing state of the weather and the piercingly cold wind which prevailed during the day. Five horses came out for the Oatlahds Han dicap, one mile and a half ; arid though Monarque (lOst 71b) started at even money, he was beaten half a length, after being dis appointed, by Mr. Page's Elsinore, by Horatio (6st 91b). The Victorian Pyrrhus was tlilfd with 9st 21b, and amongst the other starters was Canezou (8st). The race occupied 2min. 52£sec. _ Mr. C. S. Agnew steered Pyrrhus to victory the Ladies' Cup, for which he had list 131b, behind him being Auguf (lOst 21b), Beggarman (9st), and Vanish (9st l2lb). Old Greystanes, with 123t 121b, won the Steeple chase easily, as Taglioni (lOst 21b) fell, and Speculation (lOst) did not take the last fence. Mr. Agnew seems to have been in luck's way, as he won the Flying Handicap with Quick silver, by Horatio, carrying 8st, Vanish (7st 61b) being second, and Queen (6st) third, the tliree-quarters of a mile being run in lmin. 23sec. The winner was ridden by Joe Carter, well known on the turf of this colony. Owners of horses need scarcely be reminded of the fact that the nominations for the Vic toria Amateur Turf Club meeting, which takes place at Caulfield on Saturday, the 2nd April, are to close at 4 p.m. on Monday next, the 21st inst. The programme is made up of the Hurdle Race of £50, Nursery Handicap of £50, for two-year-olds ; Caulfield Cup of £125, Steeplechase of £50, Corinthian Race of £50, and the Selling Race of £30, the full condi tions of which will be found in our advertis ing columns. At the close of the Mansfield races on Friday last, several of the horses that took part in the meeting were offered for sale by auction. Mr. Tomkins's Mountain Rose was sold for £52, to Messrs. Fitzpatrick and Co. ; Paddy Crutch was bought in by the owner, £29 being the highest bid ; Mr. Lovick's Jeanette was knocked down to Mr. Nicholas for £25, and Mr. M'lntosh's Kismet was secured by Mr. J. Heffernan for £14 10s. Mr. J. H. Kelson, the hon. secretary of the Mansfield Racing Club, kindly writes to say that the Mares' Produce Stakes of 1882 closed with eighteen nominations. Referring to the late Mansfield races, the Delatite Free Press says : — " Though satis factory from one standpoint, we venture to assert that if the future meetings of this club are to be made satisfactory from every point of view, it will be necessary to appoint a paid bandicapper. There are several first-class gentlemen in Melbourne, who, we have noticed, are engaged by other up-country clubs, and the carrying out of this suggestion would not only give universal satisfaction, but prove a financial success." On Saturday morning last the first visitor on the Randwick training ground (says the News) was Strathearn, who was sent steady work. Canary was the next performer, the Queensland three-year-old getting over two I miles and a half, the first half of the journey ; being at a slow pace, with an improvement in ' the next. He gallops very low, and covers a ; lot of ground. Gunild and Bathurst performed i a good working gallop, also Emulation, Wheatear, and Legerdemain getting over a i fast five furlongs, the latter appearing to have the best of it. Ross's string, consisting of Black Eagle, Koreelah, Kerrolite, and Pre- : sumption, were also present, doing average ; work. Tattoo performed a long canter, ' Hubert also doing easy work Spinningdale and Primrose were treated to a rattling spin \ of five furlongs, the Goldsbrough ULly appear- j inff to have nothincr the worst of the innrnev- > O O J - ; Mundic and Etna also travelled the same distance, the latter appearing to hold the grey i all the way. Pontiff and Martind≤ got i through a serviceable gallop, the whole of Mr. j Ivory's only cantering, the same class of work being given to Wandering Jew, Gipsy Cooper, J and Friday. Hildebrandt was sent at an easy 1 pace for a mile and a half, and then rattled | along over the last mile. Clarrissima, Estell, and Euromeda galloped a fast five furlongs, I The Earl, who looks very well, performing - satisfactorily with Woodigeree. Sapphire I had a companion in Fragments over a good j working gallop of a mile and a half, Rapid : Bay giving KUdare the go-by at the end of quarter less distance after cantering. All Fours and Sweet -Chutney went together a fast once round, Falmouth and Bob Sawyer | doing like work. Courtney and Creswick, ? who are both fairly forward, performed a task ; of a fast once round, and also Rosinant ; Lord Lisgar, in company with another, per- j formed a serviceable two miles and a half. j Mr. T. Lamond has found that Yulcan will ! not stand training, and consequently the j black son of Yattendon and Montana has . been thrown out of work. j The protest Gentle Annie v. Wasp, in the Galloway Race, at Bacchus Marsh, on Thurs day last, was decided in favour of Gentle Annie, as it was proved that Wasp had run under the name of Richmond, and was not entered as Wasp, late Richmond. Mr. G. B. Stewart, of Sydney, has shipped, per P. and O. Co.'s steamship Brindisi, for General Sir Donald Stewart, Bart., Com mander-in-Chief of the Indian Forces, two grand colts for carriage use — Star, by Mask, by Sir Hercules, dam imported (she won the Bega District Purse in a canter, in a good field' of horses) ; also Hop, by Mask, by Sir Hercules, dam by Millionaire. Two grander horses than the bays now sent have, it is said, never left the sister colony. They were se lected by Mr. Charles Ivory. We have to acknowledge the receipt from Mr. S. Barnard, the secretary of the South Australian Jockey Club, of a neatly-got-up pamphlet, containing the programme for the ensuing autumn meeting ; also list of nomi nations for the Derby 1881, Leger 1882, Mares' Produce Stakes 1881, and Sires' Pro duce Stakes 1884. Mr. Wilson's Customs, which was injured at Elwiek some time ago by falling at a fence, is going on, under the care of Mr. Veterinary Surgeon Park, very mueb better than was at first expected. The animal is recovering itself fast, has commenced to eat a little, and, it is hoped, will even yet be heard of over the sticks at some of the Tasmanian country meetings. The young Victorian turf and commission agent, Christopher Glynn, who ran away from the Elwiek racecourse on the last day of , the late meeting, Hot only forgetting to pay his liabilities, but. with the money of his dupes also in his pocket, was again brought up at the Glenorehy Police Court on Saturday, 5th March (aaya the Tasmanian Mail ), toanswerto the charges of obtaining money nnder false pre tences which had been preferred against him. Glynn had been remanded on 3rd March, on tWo points of law which had been raided rather suddenly by a solicitor who was pre sent in the court, but who did not interfere in the case until it was almost over. The court Was to have sat at 9 o'clock on the Saturday following, as Glynn was anxious to get away by the 11 o'clock boat, but one of the justices had forgotten about the case, :'"d it was nearly an hour later Chan that fixed when the Bench was constituted. It did not, however, matter much. Victoria will not see our enterprising visitor just yet, as the Solicitor- General had advised the magistrates that there was quite enough in the depositions taken on 3rd March to justify them in com mitting Glynn for trial at the next sessions o£ the Supreme Court. Glynn was accordingly fully committed, and was sent in to the Hobart Gaol with several other prisoners who were coming through on escort. The entries for the Wyndham races closed on Monday last, and it must be gratifying to Mr. Wall and his brother officials to find their efforts to provide a good day's sport so well supported by the owners of horses. The nominations number — Nursery Handicap, 7 ; Mambourin Handicap, 16 ; Hurdle Race, 6 ; Galloway Handicap, 9; and Grand Stand Handicap, 21; and, if Mr. Vowles apportions the weights with his customary ability, a very good afternoon's racing may be looked for. Mr. S. Cook, of Flemington, cautions trainers and others from employing a boy named William Connor, the same having left his employ. Mr. Joseph Ellis, of Wanganui, has pur- ; chased the steeplechase horse Lone Hand and i the hurdleracer Whitefoot. The price paid for the pair was somewhere about £350. Palmerston, who ran second to Kingcraft for the English Derby in 1870, is now doing i duty in the shafts of a hansom. At the North Auckland District Races on j the 3rd inst., the old grey steeplechaser Lone I Hand could only get third in the Hurdle j Race to Harry Mount and N. or M. He j saddled up immediately afterwards for the ; Kaipara Handicap of £120, in which his ; weight was 8st, and, after a splendid race, he ! finished third to Yatapa (8st 31b) and Kenil- : worth (6st 101b). j By telegram from Cunnamulla, Queens- i land, we see that old Melbourne could only 1 get third in the South Warrego Jockey Club : Handicap, the winner being Dundee, with : Poverty second. Yarraman won the Two- year-old Stakes, with Haidee second, and Moonrise third. The Hack Race went to I Sailor, Whalebone being second ; and in the > Corinthian Stakes Whalebone and Emblem finished in that order ; while the Flying Handicap fell to Vagabond, Victory and Fox : being his immediate attendants. I The committee of the Warrnambool Racing | Club must indeed be congratulated upon the I splendid entries they have received for the I Grand National meeting on the 11th and 13th May. Nearly all the best horses in the land have been entered for the Hurdle Race and Steeplechase, and if Mr. Barnard succeeds in pleasing the majority of the owners of horses, the meeting will undoubtedly be the most successful that has taken place in the western district for years. The betting in Adelaide on the Great Northern Steeplechase is 4 to 1 agst Himalaya and Sussex, 5 to 1 agst Snow storm, 10 to 1 agst Miss Banter and Abdallah. Miss Harriet, who was easily defeated in the Newmarket Handicap, arrived in Adelaide from Melbourne on Saturday last. " Trumpator," of the Adelaide Observer, says that on Thursday morning last old Momalong, who is a confirmed cripple on all four legs, did slow work, as did the improving Sultan. Creeping Jenny went twice round slowly, and Encounter, whose leg is still very big, did the slowest of slow work. Watson's string were down, and all did slow work. Snowstorm is looking particularly well, and will take a lot of beating in the steeplechase up north. We understand that Mr. W. E. Dakin will leave to-day (Saturday) by the steamship Victorian, for Adelaide, taking with him old Darriwell, Aiblins, Cyclone, Ursula, Baron Von Mueller, and Shylock. " Notwithstand ing all the care and attention Mr. Dakin has bestowed upon his horses, his trip has not been a very profitable one for him, but we hope to see him back again in the spring, and wish him better luck next time. The well-known steeplechase horses, Sussex and Himalaya, left for Adelaide by the steam ship South Australian oh Tuesday last for the purpose of fulfilling their engagements at the AnnrnAfttiino ftrput Nnrtliflrn Mhhfinrr I horses were looking very well indeed, and S will take a lot of beating — Sussex in the Hurdle, and both of them in the Steeple chase. Messrs. Goyder and Webb, the re spective owners, were also on board, as like wise Batty, who has been retained to ride Himalaya, and Mr. W Glasscock, who will steer Sussex in both of his races. A meeting of the Australian National Trotting Association, convened for the purpose of appointing trustees to theland obtained for the use of the trotting club, was held at the Victoria hotel, Bourke street, on Monday j night. Colonel Roberts was voted to the chair. « About thirteen gentlemen were present. Mr. | Goyder informed those present that the j Minister for Lands had, after a deal of persuasion, consented to the Elstern- I Wick park being leased by the Brighton | corporation to the association, for a : period of ten years, at a rental of £30 per annum. One of the oonditidls of the lease was that a sum of £l,500 shall be spent within three years on improvements, planting, fencing, etc., by the association. On the motion of Mr. Goyder, Messrs. Roberts and J. P. Dixson and Br. QHara were \- = , nominated trustees. Mir. Bixoinexprussed some compunction in taking the responsibility of trusteeship, especially as the stringent con. di&on; of the spending of £1,500 was in- dispensable. He argued that if the1 public were at all backward in ' the matter of «criptions, the trustees would be mulcted in the amount of £500 each. This Suggestion induced the chairman to jwoijoge the floating of the association on t&e; share prin- ciple, which having been acquiesced in, shares to the 'amcy&nt; of £850 were taken up m the rooin. Mir. Dixson felt satisfied at the start effected, and agreed, in conjunction with ; the other trustees named; to solicit the aid of ; gperson&l; friends and gentlemen of sporting j proclivities. The popular Kyneton meeting <bh St. Patrick s Bay was as well patooiiised as in previous years, but we a-reorry we cannot report favourably of the- sport, which was decidedly below par, and hardly repaid the visitors for the trouble they experienced ia reaching the Convincing spot. The pro gramme, icq, was badly arranged, as fchs&e; Was . too long an interval between thb respective races, and setting the last event for decision at so late an hour as 6 oNslock was fidcidedly a mistake, seeing that the flrdfc Special for Melbourne was announced to leave the rail- "Way station at 7 o'clock. 'Somehow or other the jumping races were a dreadful failure, as only two horses came to the post for the Hurdle Bace, a«& three for the Steeplechase, and in each case the race was simply a farce. ; A more reliable line than the betting Upon i any particular race cannot bfc found, ; and when the "books" Were anxious to lay 4 to 1 on Monitor 'fdr the Hurdle Eace, one was quite prepared to find that his solitary opponent, President, would not run up to his Melbourne " form." The horse was disgteffletully ridden and beaten, and why the stewards did not call sip on his owner \\(Mr. Eli Jellett) and jockey Harden) for an explanation of his running is simply a mystery. They signally failed in the discharge of their duty, and we venture to say that had the "affair" occurred on the Flemining racecourse, a result would have followed that Would have been decidedly unpleasant for the parties concerned. However, it is Only a question of time, after all ! Helmet was never asked to race iu the Steeplechase, but Turpin was as stale as a post-horse, and General, the ether starter, was a little out of his element. The principal feature in connection with the racing on the flat was the -double victory of Diamond, who won both handicaps in fine style, and as he tan the mile and a half in 2mm. 40sec., and the mile and a quarter in 2min. 12$see., lie proved that he is a much better animal than he has feces given credit for. On public running, Saowever, he should have been beaten by Zambesi, who was actually thrown in, but liis condition was not up to the mark, hence tf.taf lOnnmininnc firrnvn lin nnf in fV»n Tvr«nfnn VUU «U WUU Handicap. Cynic and The Wizard ran well weH in that event, as likewise ABC and Mulatto in the Lauriston Handicap, but, as a matter of fact, nothing had the ghost of a chance with Diamond, who was far too leniently treated by the handicapper. The other events, which were confined to local Horses, do not require any comment from us, Hut it may be remarked that Bashful Eose could not have lost the Maiden Plate had not her rider carried 311b. overweight. Results of a number of meetings decided on Ht. Patrick's Day will be found below. The Brighton Park races take place to-day. While G. Cripps was practising the hurdle- xacer Blush over the hurdles at Flemington yesterday morning, the horse fell and broke his back, and had to be destroyed. Cripps was stunned,, and severely shaken by his fall, but we are happy to say that he was all right again in a few hours. The £1,000 art-union got up for the pur chase of Mr. Gardiner's Lurline and Coquette's yearling, has been successfully floated during the week. Owing to a misapprehension on the part of the handicapper, the Yictorian horse Waxy was fairly thrown in for the Orange (New South Wales) Jockey Club Handicap, which was decided on Thursday last. The horse, however, happened to be out of all form, and the race was won by Mr. D. Mayne's Nancy Lee, by Maribyrnong, who carried 6st 91b; Major being second, and Saunterer third, the mile and a half occupying 2min. 43sec. The touts mustered in force on Tuesday morning to witness the work performed at T> Mn TtrAmr'e cfvinn /inncicfinir of jncbUUWibfr aru.« J .IWAJ a v. the Sterling— -Princess colt, Lapidist — Attrac tive filly, Lord Burghley, The Dean, and Dover, were about the first visitors, doing easy work, followed by Lord Lisgar with a Julian Aveuel filly. Sardonyx and Mistletoe per formed a good working gallop; also Black Eagle, Koreelah, Kerolite, and Presumption. Canary was treated to two miles and a half, the last mile at a good pace, his going being generally approved of, Emulation going the Derby distance at the same time. Eosinante went alone, also Harmony. Mundic and Bathurst got through serviceable work, also Wheatear and Legerdemain, who rattled home the last five furlongs. Grand Flaneur, Geral- dine, and Friday were treated to a canter ; steady work also being given to Wandering Jew, Hildehrandfc, Gipsy Cooper, and Aureola. Bob Sawyer, with his stable companion, got through a good working gallop ; also Martin- dale afid The Pontiff, the latter appearing to Lave the best of a fast mile. Sapphire, who appears in good heart, went alone fast. Mr. Lamond's string were all present, performing their tasks satisfactorily. Hotspur, Courte- nay, Testator, and several others were also present. ... , , . A little more animation is now observable at Sydney " Tatts." In double-event wager ing a fair amount of speculation is indulged in at 1,000 to 5 to 10, the former price for " mixed goods," while the latter price is laid in conjunction, with Grand Flaneur. Water- ford and Wellington, Burghley and "Welling ton, Hesperian and Grand Flaneur, Milbro- dale and Wellington, and two Chesterfields, have been laid at 100 to 1. Grand Flaneur's price is quoted at 4 to 1 offered; o to 1 has been taken freely. Wellington is backed tb land a good stake, and 10 to 1 is the best nrice to be, had to money. Siratheam has occasionally been asked for, and Canary and Falmouth 3w. Spingdale is the best favourite for the Champagne Stakes l!he lobbying areihe latest scratchings for the A.J.C. Autumn Meeting : — Substitute Stakes— Bay /celt fcy Gemma di Yergy out of Bonnie Bell, febowa colt by Julian Avenel out of Maiden's Blush, brown filly by Gemma di out of Young Beauty, Johanna, Yindex, and Billilla. Sydney Cup— Eucalyptus, Austrian . Briar, Waterloo, Yulcao, and Middlesex. Produce Stakes and Champagne Stakes — Monmouth and Gloucester. Cham pagne Stakes— YuideX, Billllfe, and Johanna. St Leger — Friday, Bdftie, Margery Daw, Silver bell, and Sylvan 