COURT AND STAGE. T There must bo something dramatically tem pestuous in the air of tho last few days, fur twice luring the present week bavo our courts of law been occupied in inquiring into charges ofnssnult. irr one of which the " Ghosts " formed a predomi nating feature, while in the other " the Molher-in- Law " came to tho front. In order words, a caso in which Mr. D'Aroy Rend was mixed up was heard at tho Water Polico Court on Tuesday, while yes-7 fcrday tho time of three magistrates at the Central Police Court wis occupied in aninquiry into the "why and wherefore" of an assault committed within the Gaiety Theatre, on tho night of the 12th instant. "tho complainant being Mr. L. M. Baylcss, lessee of the Gaiety Theatre, nnd the defendant, Mr. J. A. South, equally, well known ns nn actor. Mr. .Tones appeared for the complainant, nnd Mr. Carroll for 'defendant. There was a very largo attendance of professional actors and others interested in the stage present, nnd the ease created considerable interest. The first witness examined was the complainant who deposed that on tho evening of tho assault Mr. South was making a noise in the corridor end the vestibule, when ho was told lie could have his money back. Five shillings was then handed to him, when 1,0 went inside ns ho said for the purpose of fetching lira wifo out, but ho was told l icit lie could not enter the theatre without paying, when he made use of very insulting language to wards complainant and committed the assault erniplnincd of. It was necessary to removo him from the place by force, and as lie persisted in t lying to gain admittance, witness ecnt for a con stable for the puiposo of giving him in charge. Thomas Sinclair, agent for Mr. Dumpier, pave "(V: rnboralive evidence, and said South on'lud Baylesa '' a D.-.Tacd low American," and then struck him several iimes violently on the shoulder. As ho would persist in trying to make hiB way into . the theatre without paying, ho lmd to bo expelled. A constable was sent for, nnd complninant said, " I givothis man in charge," but the constable did not seem to care about taking him. By Mr. Carroll : Witness would swear be was not in the. habit of staring nt women. .South had snid" to him, " It is damnable you storing nt my wifo in that way." He (witness) considered it was a stain upon his character to let these re- mnrks pass without contradiction Mr. Carroll : Oh, Mr aife:,.- yon nrn not charged here -.villi slaring at any lady ; you could not do it ; of course not. Wilncio : Well, I told Mr. South so ; I might just have ' oked at her, but 1 did not stare at tier. Henry Price, a check- taker nt tho Gaiety, gave evidence of a corroborative character, nnd raid rliat South struck tho complainant several times over the hands and arms. By Mr. Carroll : lie did not strike liiin on the body in my presence. Tho doors had to lie shut for "a shoit time on account of the. noise made. The play was going on at tho time. South asked me to scad a message for him to bis wifo, who was inside, but Mr. P.ayless refused to allow me. Mr. Carroll : Now, was not that a very reason able request — I can't say. I am not u married . ' man. Mr. Carroll : Tl ea who could ? But you hope to he married, I lmvc no doubt. George Malison, in Ihc snmn employment, de posed lie heard South call Mr. Ua'ylcss a low name, and a scuffle canned, but he did not sec an blows struck. Mr. Baylcss then told lis to put hiin out, and wo did so; but Mr. ' Itayless said "Don't -hurt him." He came in n second time, and he had to ho put out again. Henry Applcton, in tho employment of Mr. Biylesp, gave -similar testimony. Mr. Carroll : Now, was'nt " His Mother-in-law-'.' inside. Witness : Yes ; that was the piece. Mr. Carroll : Well, surely they did not want' to" have, "his wife"nnd''liis"molher-in-law'' in 'the theatre nt one time, and refuse the husband an op-' portunity of seeing the -one or speaking to the other?!. ' ' ' ' ' ' - This was the easo for the'eompiainant. For tho defence Mr. Carroll called Vernon Reid, who deposed he' was a professional singer. ' He had witnessed part of the nffair. . Mr. Bayless had put his hand two or three time's on Smith's shoulder, and South had thrown it off. That was nil tho assault he saw. Three or fonr men seized hold of defendant and carried him out. Ho would swear there were three. South asked Bay- less to' send a message in to" his wife, but he re fused. By Mr. Jones r He was taken into custody by tho police, nnd on tho way to the station, he said, "Am I to consider myself in custody?" After speaking with - Mr. Baylcss, the constable said " Yes." I should not be surprised to hear that four people had said only one or two per sons had been turned out of the theatre, but I should not believe it for nil that, Mr. Jones : You arc going to be a witness in an action for false imprisonment, are you not ? Witness : I don't know about that, but if I am, I shall swear whnt I know to bo the truth. After Mr. Carroll and Mr. JoDes had. addressed the Bench, n fine of 40.1 and costs was inflicted. .The moDcy wa3 at once paid. . 