BROADBRIM'S NEW YORK LETTERS. The steady advance of our American civi lization is both astonishing and gratifying to a man who is proud of his eagle, proud of his forefathers, proud of Ilia Bunker Hill, 1 and proud of everything between the lines of latitude and longitnJe that cover the U. S. The time was, and that not long ago, when we were sank in a comparatively degraded and barbarous condition. In thoso benighted ] days, if a fellow ran oil' with another fellow's wife, he generally took the opportunity when the husband was out; and when the old man came liotne and found his Doxy gone, he generally went after Doxy's man with a shot gun or a pair of revolvers, and if Doxy's man did not get up and dust in a pretty lively manner, we usually looked for a Coroner's inquest, with the verdict by twelve honest men, of " served him right." Those days t>f j savagery, I am happy to say, are past; and now, instead of running dff in a hurry, and leaving all your good clothes behind3 a fel low comes to you and tells you that lie loves Mrs. X. a great deal better than you can possibly love her, and Mrs. X. informs you that she committed a great mistake when she accepted you instead of her now affinity; she makes you a present, out and out, of I ail the children and her debts. The new affinity borrows ten dollars-and-a-half of you, and takes your new silk umbrella out of the hat-rack as he makes his exit with Mrs. X. upon his arm, aud the curtain falls on tableaux!! How much better this than cutting and J slashing and shooting each other, for a woman who is not worth a cut, or a slash, or a shoot. In Gotham lived a worthy pro fessor of music, Arnold by name, who had a rib that was most fair to look upon. Her waist was not like the waist of Milo's Venus, but it was not uncomely from a Dutch stand point; for Reubens and Markliart have given us angels whose avoirdupois could scarcely be balanced by a cloud. To mako a long story short, after five years of unalloyed do mestic bliss, Mrs. A. discovered that she had an affinity; and, as I before remarked, the 1 affinity discovered that he laved Mrs. A. better than it was possible for Mr. A. to do; so, like a gentleman as he was, lie sent a let ter to Mr. A. telling him uliat he could not possibly get along without Mrs. A., and that Mr. A. would have to find somebody else, if he really needed a person to darn his stock- 1 iugs and prepare his sauer- kraut. Mrs. A., like a true lady as she was, bade Mr. A. good bye in an affectionate letter, wishing him all sorts of good luck, made him a present of both the babies and a milliner's and dress maker's bill of 175 dols. Oonld anything be more generous or lady-like; and this shows the superiority of our city breeding and civi lization. Iu the country, the fool of a hus band would have {lowu into a passion, and sent the town constable after the guilty pair, at ail expense of eight or ten dollars a'day, and >vhcn he caught them, the chances are two to one that the deserted husband would have forgiven his wife, and wonld have made ? her. a present of a set of blonde frizzes and a seal-skin sacque. But Mr. Arnold's head was level, he did none of these foolish things, hut as soon as he found that Mrs. A. had vamoosed, he sat down quietly to survey the situation, and he said to himself "she's a bad egg; " and then he solemnlyjremarked, "I have no use for sich," and heaving a heavy sigh, as he looked at the dress-maker's bill, he said, "bless her, let her go;" and' she did go, and she has not stopped going yet, for as near as can be ascertained, she is now on her way to Brazil, and we have only to wish Dom Pedro good luck with the new accession to his Imperial Highness' do I minions. The iudictment of the perjurers iu the I Morey letter, gave us considerable of a shak | iug up, and in certain quarters there lias been a lively rattling amoljg the dry bones I to know who did it'. The crime of swearing I away a man's life and character by the moans of a couple of villains like Morey and. the tiiief O'Brien, is an offotice of no ordinary character, and it is the sincere desire of the honest men of both parties, that the crimi nals, whoever they are, may be landed in states- prison. Everybody here is anxious to know how the Democrats lost IJew York, i One party says too tnuoh 830; another that the Morey letter was the shot that killed cock robin. Irving Hall says it was the traitor .John Kelly, who gave the party away by nominating Grace, and John says that theswallow-tailsdidit by helping the Republi cans to colonize the " niggers." Tf>m Kin sella swears that New York would have been safe if it had not been for Boss M'Laughlin, and Boss M'LaUgliliirsweara that any party which has to carry Tom Kinsella, is certain to go to the devil, without benefit of the J clergy. The fight has already hagun, and it is not entirely confined to a' war of words, | for on Tuesday Judge Morris, who was for merly District Attorney, and who for years has been one of the leading Democrats of | Brooklyn, was attacked by another Demo crat, a ruffian and prize-fighter by the name of Dunue, who has long held sinecure offices iti the city, and who is at present deputy coroner. His only qualification for the office 1 appears to be that when he was in the prize ring a few years ago, he nearly furnished husinoss for the Coroner on five several occa sions. and his Brooklyn friends desired to testify their appreciation of his pypVess by making i\irn deputy coroner. Mr Morris, whose Democracy no one over questioned, I ventured to suggest that the Democratic party had disgraced itself by delegating such a ruffian as its representative man in conven tion. So Mr. Dunne 'took the first oppprtu I nity to hre?,k Mr. Morns' jaw, and it may be that Dunne may be able to: coileot his II dols. 60 cents, at the inquest, whioli may possibly ensue. The entire community is in dignant at thebrutalassault of one of its most ] respected citizens. Mr. Morris lies in a critical condition, and his ruffianly assailant has been indicted by the Grand ^ury, and it is the earnest prayer Ctf every respectable citizen, that statqs^prisori may be his quar ters for thu next five years. The immense increase of our foreign trade is seen in the vast number of new steamships which arrive here every week. Iron is no longer the material for this class of vessels; the Bessemer process has rendered possible I the use of steel, and at present it ltioks as though the use'of iron in the Construction of sea-going "vessels would soon bo a thing of the past. An on tiro line of steel steamships is now being constructed on the Clyde, to be used exclusively for the grain and cattle trade, which has now assumed po^assal pro portions/ The dimensions of these mam moth steamers will be nearly 500 'feet long, almost 50 feet wide, and 40 feet deep. I don't know that it will ever be possible to *:«!! 5 -Hp *hr>t the w^ves Qiiqnqf. destroy, . r.;;') «:.;.»«: : "on, tWge ships will i fff'u-," as ue.-u- as any thftt have ' «v;r b::> .i built. ribs will be of the ion, braced in every conceivable manner. There will be eight separate water-tight compartments, so that you will have to break them all to pieces to sink the ship. The grain bins are so ar ranged that their cargoes can nevor shift, and the condensing apparatus is mado to furnish fresh water suliicient for 500 head of cattle each day. The oMicurs' quarters are ele gantly fitted up, and there is also a limited accommodation for cabin passengers, and largeraccommodationfcr ateerage passengers, which now supply tho great bulk of our pas senger travel. The addition to our population from abroad for the current year, foots up nearly a quar ter of a million. The great bulk of this emi gration, of course, goes immediately to the West. Fully 150,000 will devote themselves to agriculture, and hero are the brawny arms chat are, by their lubor, to fill with grain, the mighty steamers of which I have been writing. The suicidal mania has broken out again, and a half dozen cases have followed each other in startling succession during the week. In no instance was there any ap parent cause to drive the unfortunates to such dire extremity-but they wore simply tired of life. Several shocking murders are added to the calendar, one of them being that of a worthy and most estimable woman, who was shot and killed by a desperate.suitor, whose advances she had discouraged. It will be quite useless to give you any more warnings in regard to the stock- broking thieves of New York: as !ong as they promise 25 per cent, a month, flats will be found to invest their spare ducats. The Ladies' Stock Exchange of Union Square is tho latest development. Schools manns and servant girls; fino ladies and their chamber-maids, all took a little chance, and now the female banker, who was going to line all their pockets with guilders, has absquatulated, vanished, disappeared, gone, as the late lamented James Fick once re marked, ?' where the woodbine twineth," whereat there is much mourning, with " weeping and wailing and gnashing of teeth." The signs are that there will shortly bo another terrible battle between the " bulls " and " bears" on Broad-street. If it comes yon may expect to see tho fur fly. Put your greenbacks away in a stocking, or invest them in Government 4 oer cents., or give them to me to distribute among the missions for the conversion of the Chinese, but don't invest them in stocks. Jf you do, look out. for squalls, and when the evil time comes, as Hamlet's ghost remarks, " remem ber me." Yours, truly, BROADBRIM. 