PRESBYTERY OF SOUTH AUSTRALIA. The annual meeting of the Presbytery of South Australia was held in the Flinders-street class-room on Tuesday, May 3. The court was constituted by devotional exercises by the Chalmers Church, Adelaide). Sedernnt—The Moderator, Keys. J. Ljall (Flinders- street), J. Gordon (G&wler;), J. M&c;?eau, U.A.( Woodside), J. Paula's Henderson (Strath&lbyn;), E. Mitchell (Glare and Blyth), aud T. Gray (Moont Pleasant), ministers; Messrs. A. Lyon, J. Anderson. 3. Blake, T. G. Brown, J. Boberteon, and T. W. Fleming, elders; and the Clerk of Presbytery (B«v. J. H&I1; Angus, of Port Ade laide). Apologies for absence were received from the Here. A. La*- (Moonta), and W. Davidson (Wallaroo), and Mr. A. Palmer. MGDEKATOBS ADDBHSS. The Moderator for the psst year, before retir ing from the chair, delivered the following address: — Fathers and Brethren—ln taking a rapid survey of the condition of the Presbytery for the year daring which I hare had the honor of holding the office of Moderator not much re quires to be said. The first feature that attracts cor attention is the alteration in the penowul of tbe court. Of the ministers on our roll of membership twelve months ago—a roll all too brief at the largest—we have lost two, namely, the Key. John McNiel, of Jamestown, and the Rev. James Henderson, of St. Andrew's Ohutch, Adelaide; and as my immediate purpose is that rather of the annalist than of the critic, the mere mention of their names will suffice. Tee Keys. A. F. Knoi and W. Wilson, again—not members of this court indeed, bat fellow- laborers wich us in the samecause and in connection with the same ecclesiastical organization—have bath removed tG other fields of operation. On the other hand, however, the Presbytery has been privileged to welcome into its midst the £cv. Thomas Gray, and to ordain him to the psstorate of the church at Mount Pleasant; to licecc9 Mr. W. Gray, a student of its own rearing; and to receive Mr. W. S. tlacqueen, who since his arrival fcaa been tfoi^g tbe work of an evangelist. While it is not necessary to enter at any length into the conditionof the variousoharges under oar care, there are some which we cannot well pass over in silence. It says not a little for the people at Mount Barker and Nairne that, with cut tny settled pastorate of their own for so long, they should continue to work and worship together as faithfully as they do; for the ap pointment of Mr. Jennings, whose services ttere are I am informed muph appreciated, must be regarded as rather provisional than per- D-Eccnt. Jamestown is once more vacant, but after the stimulating and consolidating labors cf Mr. McNiel in the district and with such temporary help as we are able to sand them, the cburch will not I trust become uiamembared or dismayed. Koalunga aud its associated places have cot oiily increased in force and volume durieg the year bat risen in position as well, for in addition to their church aud con gregations they have succeeded in erecting a nsause for the minister. We have no reason to think that the impulse received by them from Sir. Wiiscn will die ont, although for the time they Bre deprived of a formal leader of their own. The opening of Goodwood Presbyterian Church ten days ago affords very substantial evidence of the energy and earnestness of the people there, and augurs well for their pros pects in the future. The congregation of St. Andrew's Church may rely on it that tbe Presbytery, ai it willingly offers, will also cheerfully render them any and every assistance in its power. X cannot finish this paragraph of local notes, moreover, without wishing our friends at Port Adelaide all success in their new adventure under the energetic presidency ef their minister and our clerk. I hope that we fchall be able to hold our nest animal meeting in the new church, and that that will bs but tbe beginning of a series of whst may be termed peripateticasaemblies held under tbe bupervisiou of the Presbytery in tho mare sccetsible Presbyterian districts of the colony. The annual statements of chore!] member ship, work, finance, &o;, will ba submitted this moraiog, and will be spoken to iv the eveuiag, and it would be improper in me to forestall these expositions even were I in a position to io co, bat it seems to me that t\ia Pctsbytery otij^t in addition to prepare a special report of all its proceedings for circulation among the several ccngrcgeticL?, that they may know what is being t!or:e ell over ike church, and thereby provoked to take a gtniroue interest in one another's :.ffairn. Aud, indeed, iv connection with this Eame matter the Presbytery might very well con sider whether tbe time has not come for c jttie establishment of a nia^axics cf our own, a maga zine wfcich would set as a vehicle of communi cation among our people, and in whoso pages any opinions conducive to the church's well-being could be freely.ventilated. Were it published, gay quarterly, supplied with all local aud general Pretbyterian intelligence, together with appro priate articles on current topics, and guaranteed for a little by some of our wealthier member*. I bare not the slightest doabt that it would soon become the popular organ of cur denomination, and pay its own way. The novelty and importance of the Presbyterian Oonftrence at Melbourne, held in November of last year, will justify me in bestowing at least a passing sentence upon it in connection with this brief summary of events, for though ita proceedings contain tbe register of no great achievement, they were nevertheless rich with promisee, not only of closer union and heartier co-operation, but evenol ultimate confederation among the different sections of the Presbyterian Churches of Australasia. Not the least interest ing of the subjects debated ins the standard of ministerial education, and I think the unani mous feeling was that there should be no lower ing of that, whatever expedieht?inight for the present be adopted for reaching the outlying populations. Something was said about the posrible utilization of the princely Oimond Uollegfcinthe interest of all the colonial, bat te the issue of that «nggestir. D what it may Ido trust that this Presbytery will bo far agree with that conference as to discountenance entirely tha idea of an uneducated ministry; and at this point I will venture to remind our people that in cur very miGtt lli^re is the institution of Union Colitge, representing fourdenomicatiou', ectublisbcd ior the purpose of rearing a caloaial n uiatrj, and now making eararst appeal for belp to all these who, whilu cjguisaat of the difficulty of getting nieu from iioue are jet pro foundly anxious that those who occupy our pulpits bere should be men uut merely oi pioty but of power, of earnestness no doubt but of culture too, gifted not only with faith bat intelligence also, ingenuous ot course but as ab!« to every way as ia well pjasnie And this loads me to give expression to some cenfciderations suggested by cur uositioa, and relative to uur calling as ministers. Initinc tivtiy almost and without effort docs the old priestly inscription rise to our lips as d<iijiip tiveof ttc duty, dignity, Ucsliny of tbe Curia tian pastor—" Holiness to the Ijord." For it gees without saving that if wa arc ta obtain the cciifidt itce siid kindie the devotion of our coa- Gie^atiotis we must ourselves Ue "consecrate." Our entire life must be bathed in tha dews aud radiont with the ligbt aud fragrant with the odours of Heaven. Ido not admit iailcei. nay I etcutly <ltny, that we are bound to bo better tt-an c'jjere are bound to be, solciy aud wh.jliy co acceuLt cf o'jr luinisterial olfiee. Theobh g&'-uns of morality &ud; the sanction' of re ligicn have &o; merely professional v sectarian, local or limited application. To be good and to do gocd are imperial behests that lie on all men alike, ia virtue of their moral nature aDd their affinity with the Most High. Fcr ail that, however, it is to aome extent trae thst justly or unjustly the church and evea the world looe to us fcr practical illustration of the power of Christianity; aud while ia one view of it this is a depreseiog. in another v ia ru inspiring reflection. For nothing sorely give* mjre beart to a man than t^e knowledge that he enjoys the taufiJtnce of his f.How-men, and tbat they believe fcim capable of being what they expect him to bi ; and ia this at-ptct we might very well take tha geasral encouragement in a peculiar way to ourselves. Uut, tbat consideration apart, we cannot, from the nature of things, be too pare or too true, too honest or ttraightforward, too vigilant and jet too fearless. All this v right, and that were reason enough fox attempting it even though we ehould never succeed iv attaining it. In proportion as we near the ideal cf oar per fection, moreover—to the extent, thai is, in which we are dominated by, cognisant of, and obedient to, the invisible, unutterable, aud eternal—out heart will become larger, our vision dearer, end our conscience calmer. And ai the reeult of this •meliorating process again, our iij&uepce; for good will be mightily increased in weight and speed and point and range. For in social enterprises And among haman rela tioEship? character goes farther than mere capacity. Tbe man's entire bearing and per tonality otter«language stonce more eigaid eant and more intelligible than that of ordinary tpeech, and these depend much more upaa what he is than on what he s?ys or does. To a large extent, indeed, they are involuntary, since we produce certain impressions on others almost is spite of ourselves. Hence the immense im portance we attach to character. To my think, ing, a human character cast In the divine mould, f sahioned after the Christian model, penetrated with tbe Holy Spirit, and possessed with the heavenly^race, is not only the best evideooe bat the best vehicle—the most transparent and effi cient medium of the divine influence upon earth. For ldnotthisoneofthegreat truths that underlie the incarnation of Christ—& fragment at least of its mighty and manifold import ? Is it trae that God was in Christ enly end exclusively, and tbat no other haman being whatever has any capacity for mirroring or expressing the Divine ? I do not so interpret tbat great mjeteryof godliness. The original formation of man in the likeness of Gad seems to point to another conclusion than that. We da indeed believe that Christ is the image of the Invisible God in a sense at once solitary aud sublime; that He is the one supreme and au thoritative revelation of God to the world. Nevertheless there mut be something in haman nature as such, which resders it possible for God to use it as the chosen instrument for the manifestation of Himself—an aptitude for re oerrii-g and conveying the stamp and impress of tbe Eternal. At an infinite remove, no doubt, and with ranch indistinctness, but yet according to cur own Email measure and degree, we, too, therefore, are or ought to be the embodiment and illustration of the Divine. And just here, I imagine—in the strong and subtle agency of this unique property and splendid prerogative of humanity—will we find tbe subordinate ex planation of all the successes of Christianity; for how else can we account for her rapid strides, say in the days of her youth or even of her infancy? It i« well known that much stress is often laid on the special qualifications with which she was then endowed, but that while true is not sufficient to settle the point. Miraculous gifts were not everywhere bestowed, and where gtven were not always available, but only to bs exercised in support of and in subjection te the especial mis sion of tbe Gospel. It can hardly with justice be alleged, moreover, that purity of doctrine or unanimity of belief prevailed all over the church. The Epistles and earlier Christian writings will show thif, and tbe immense revo lution thenparsingovermen'smindswouldlead us to expect it. Nor does it appear that the rel igioas knowledge of the majority of the Christians of tfcat time could be very deep, accurate, and con sistent. The saving truths no doubt stood out— petbaps more then than now— with marvellous distinctness and power before then: minds, but there was no formulated creed, no logical system Euch es we at present hare. We are therefore pretty well reduced to one other alternative. Those matchless victories won-by tho infant church and recorded on the very first pages of fctr historical literature were secured because she was, as Scripture has it," full of the Ho'.y Ghost and of power;" or as we put it, because of her clear,convincing,commanding, constrain ing, divine character. And the more this cha racter is formed, developed, and exhibited among cs the mote nobly, I am persuaded, shall we emulate, the more nearly shall ye equal the original conquests of the cross. It will not for a moment be supposed that in thus insisting upon the cultivation of the higher qualities of the new life, a conformity to the usage of Christ mere obvious and exact, a completes consecration of ourselves to bs moulded and used by Him, I wish to cast aay slight upon the other aids and attributes of ministerial efficiency either ia or out of the pulpit. Nothing which would tend to promote our great object ought to be neglected or despised. And my own opinion is that we make too little of these auxiliaries. By all means let a man's preaching be informed with all the materials of a wide and useful reading, painted with &U; the still and precision of an irresistible 1o?iq, coached in the most graceful of literary styles, acd delivered with tbe force of the mo<t mas terly elocution. By all means.too, let the mam depott himself in society with all tbe ease, simplicity, courtesy, and kindness of the moat gentle breeding. Still these qualities alona will never take men's hearts by storm, anl secure for their owner the only success worthy of the nanie. The courtly poet of iioma will tell ns tbat to make others weep we must weep ourselves. Only when fired with enthusiasm ourselves may we hope to awakea tdadred zeal in others. The flame of onr lovs will communi cate itself to others. The contagion of our earnestness will innoculste others. Pure of motive atd strong of faith, with deep convictions and tender sympathies, lowly in spirit and lofty in aim, wo thall go far to make others like ouraelves; for thiags moral like tilings material have tome power of self propagation. It is admitted, fcr instance, tbat every species of animal can pernataate itself ia iU offspring. It is not even deu.ed that evil ia all its various forms can multiply and increase. And is it likely that the analogy fails ia othar regiocs about other things ? We dare not think that God has endued the lower and tbe worse with a gift so vital, aDd has withheld it from the higher and better. Ail that is good and gracious, therefore, all tbat is pare and true and worthy and noble, has this same creative power ef reproducing itself. Ia other wards, these properties inhering in persons as they only can, existing in spirits finely yea divinely touched, will without; doubt to fome extent transmit; and infwe their own nature iuto others. And in tine principle perhaps may partly be found the secret of the institution of the ministry—a ministry of men to men. VTe have the treasure in earl hen ware veesel? that the exceeding great ness of the power icight be eecn to be of O ad, and net of men. That is of course. Hat tint does not exhaust the question. I: fctis other aspects and bearings. It may be tbat ia tho mere fact that there is in mankind a faculty for animating others with a spirit similar t.i th>?ir own we feave one reason at least why God'echosen mestcngers to men are men like themselves. You will thus readily gather in what terms I would acswtr the question—i-tale and uackncyvd perhaps, but t>urely neither lltt uor unprofitable —has the pulpit lost its ancient place aud power? Very far, indeed, am I from thinking tbat her weight is gone and her work done. It might without exaggeration be said tbat her sphere is being widened every day and her opportunities multiplied. Iv support of this contention several considerations could be adduced. Something might be made, for example, of tbe fact that her utterances are scattered broadcast over the reading world in bock, and magazine, and pamphlet, and tract. Nor ia it without significance that not alone the critic and theeseaj ist but even the accomplished toitntitt and the renowned novelist have entered the field and published their "lay sermons.'' Ent other and better reasons are to hand. Whenever a true man of God occupies the pulpit he is generally if not always accorded a patient, candid, respectful bearing, provided ot course that be possesses any gift of earnest and effective utterance. There is even a predisposition on the part of an audience to bear attentively and judge faTorably what the preacher aays. That may be a very goeateutw why wo should weigh •11 onr ddiranDces jmA the mast scrupu lous cate, lest out error should take tha place of God's truth, but it affords do ground for alleging that the genuine autlioritr and influence of tbe puJpit are at an end. It might be objected, however, by a hostile critic that these ere not only bare assertions, but the asEcrtioijs of an interested aud preju diced perry. Will you bear with me, then, v.bile I quote a couple of sentence* from two literary megazinr* of tbe day—tbe one Scateh end the other English—and neither of them actuated by too much earaestsesa or too much adcicUd to religion. Both the sentences occur incocnection with notices of terxnsns. " When. teaching of this description," si tbe former quotation rune, "keeps the pspa'ar esr and Fttures tbe general attention, it is unquestion able piocf tbat tbe oih'ce of f^z preacher has ia no way lost it« hold ou the mind of the people. The ucce-ptaccs of a voice so uDimoasfioaed aad tboGfchUul. to independent of ail" vulgar auxi liaries, to intent upon bringing every theme it touches to the illa?tration and sanctifying of the living Hie of the hour, that which can alone be mecded and purified and eanctiGed is a . . . tribnte to the undying office of the preacher. Attention and interest ere as esger as ever where there ig in reality aay instruction to Lettow." In the second quotation, again, these words occur:—" One who speaks to the sucping nobleness of men's heart* oat of the vokug nobleDiss of hie own wields a truly repealing power, opening uninspected worlds wt.eie tbe inner eye saw nothing before, ani so lifting a rcof to let in the heavens. Toe tftgerters with which each men are li<tier.cd to shows hoir little the in- Cutnce of the pulpit has really declined wLtrever it is relieved of the oppree«?e weighs cf treditic&al; dogma and conventional style*, end tsben aa the station of come self-forgotten, crg&n; of ths living word." Ai>d here Z may be permitted to echo tod empheiise oce of these thoughts. Are we cot sometimes, or perchanoe •Iten, guilty of making our appeals too much to the lower and too lictla to tea bightr instincts of our hearers? MVAing ell ailewacce for the weakness, waywardness, vltkecutAot human nature,it issur elf pos&ible;, it is even certain, that not infrequently too much is made of them. There is always ilia dac-ger that we ignore or overlook the possibili ties of good that lie hid in the heart of the very worst. IJegr&dation; is itself proof of the capacity - tobetaised. Your imposing ruins net only were once magnificent piles of architecture, bat may yet be rebuilt with as much splendor as before. And there is no heart co hard that it cannot be toftened, so unclean tbat it cannot be panned, co mean that it cannot be ennobled. Tiiere aca eufcceptible moods in every experience, wistful rremcriea in every recollection, infinite yeaxa inge in cray spirit. Ia his imaiortal aUegory Bunyao represents that fast by the gates of Paradice there is an entrance into hell; but it ia surely no less true that close to the confines of hell iteelf there is an entrance into heaven. By wey of strengthening the argument in sup port of the position and prospects of the pulpit it should be remembered that as yet no substi tute for it has ever been provided, and I am not sntare tfcn that any has ever been Berioady proponed. We have our political and social organizations in great plenty, oar scientific as sociations, our societies cf ait and industry, our scholastic and academic seminaries, our marvel lons literature end in a sense more marvellous prc£C, and tbat great organ of national inter conree and bond of national naicn—commercial enterprise. And for my part I take pride and pleasure in them all. ttivals of ours they are not, snd enemies still less. They, too, have their part to play in the training, development, edification of the race. Superfiuou they cannot well be in a universe where nothing is lost. Patting our own meaning upon the words we might cay," All ate but parts of one stapendoaa whole f but none of them professes to meet the wants of those thoughts in as that " wander through eternity"—te quenoh the in«a*i«M? desires and to fulfil the unutterable longings that live asd more and have their being in ertry human breast. So long, therefore, as there is co Special provision made in the world's great institutions for tbat part of our nature which most nearly touches the divine, which abuts on the infinite and unspeakable and tnt?rn?i t wa need not waste breath in refuting tha charge that tbe pulpit is sow an anachronism, a relic of bygone and barbarous days, effete) and useless and even dtad. The existence of thcte incalculable factors and insepar able constituents of humanity disprove it. In the prosecution of our high calling, however, as ministers of the manifold grace of God, wa are exposed, I need not say, to peculiar temp tations. A epirit of professional pride, jealousy, prejudice, is apt to be engendered in our mind. We are liable without evil, perhaps even, without: copEciousintent,to arrogate to ourselves an authority tbat is not our own, to install oar eel yes as the spiritual directors and dictators of the human conscience. Possessed perchance by the fond imagination that we already know aU of the Divine oracles, and therefore all of tha Divine activities that can be known, we run great risk of settling down into stereotyped modes of thought and mechanical ways of •peaking. We are by no means better qualified todiscloee thingt invisible, to declare things in eflable, to embody things epiritoal, merely and solely because of oar ministerial training and ecclesiastical appointment. The best gifts of God are without respect of persons. The spirit of truth—the epirit thtt will seek, receive, love, obey, wL&t; it sees or believes to be true— is given to all them that ask, that in all that with tc have it. Whoever, as Christ tells, ia willing to do the Divine will he shall know the Divine doctrice, Tbe grandest revelations in short are vouchsafed not to tbe mightiest intellect bat to the truest heart. For all that, however, I am persuaded that if a san but tpeafes the truth that is in him. speaks it because fee cot enly believes in it bat loves ib asd lives in it, having verified it for himself, he will find his audience listening not only with interest and attention but even with sympathy and respect. The mere echoing of meaainglei platitudes and even of the eternal verities themselves will win, sabdue and control no man. The motto of apostolic procedure should some how be our?. That which we have seen and heard—eeen with onr eyes and handled with oar bardf—that declare we unto you. For any loss tbat might thereby accrue to the symmetry of our utterances would be more than made uo fix by their strength. The Bey. Thomas Geit, upon taking the chair, expressed his thanks to the Presbytery for their kin&eF;« in electing him. Tie Key. J. Gobdox then moved—"That the hearty thanks of the Presbytery be accsrded to tt* ex Moderator {Rev. D. Paten) for his admir able address, aud likewise for the escallent manner in which he had discharged the duties of the cfiife during the past year. This was eecocded by the Hey. J. JUac?eait, supported by Eev. J.Lvaix, and carried unanimously. The Eev. D. Fatox responded to the vote ia appro priate terms. CDIIinESIOXB. CcmmifsicEs -were received appointing the folfowiEg gentlemen as the representative elders for tbe various churches named daring the ea f nirtg twelve mont fes: —Flinders-street. Mr. T. W. Fleming; Port Adelaide, Mr. Jas. B.SlcOoU; Strathalbyn, Mr. C. D. McFariane; Wallaroo, Dr. Robertson; Ciarc, Sir. A. Pal&ior; ; Mount Pleasant, Mr. J. Murray Jan.; Mount Barker, Mr. Alex. Lyod; Smithficld, Mr. J. Blake; lilyth, Mr. J. Smith. KOOLOiGA. The Eev. B. Mitchell (Moderator of this church,) reported that the supply of the several pulpits was cor csdertakes by the Keys. W. Wilton and C. Hall, and that such arrangement v.culd continue till the end of Jane, when itr. Wilton's term ef twelve months would expire. Matters otherwise were just as usual, and tbe prospects were good. The report was received, and tbe supply of tbe pulpit until the Presbytery meeting in August was confided to the Rer. K. Mitchell. JA3IEETOTTW. Tbe Bey. J. Ivall iModerator of this charge) reported that from correspondence he had had with the represeutative elder he was pleased to •tste matters were going on very satisfactorily. Tbe services under the present arrangement were giving very great satisfaction to a.l the friends. Tbe church at Belalie was noir eitar cf debt, and it only required plastering to make it a very complete and comfortable church. At Spalding the church prop .wed to ba erected bad already been commenced. Mr. V. S. RiAcin'EEN (student) supplemented Mr. Ljali'e report.—The Key. J. Lyall proposed tbat the Freabytery appoint Hr. Mncqueen to Jarnefctown for the next six months. This waa ttconded by the Key. E. Mitchell and agreed to. Monrr nancE? &xro; xaiene. Tbe Ci.khk, as Moderator of these churches, reported a recent visit to the same, when he fourd matters in a very pleasing and prosperous condition. Tte church rcll hsd been added to to (Le extent of six members; the desire for an enlargement of the cession's ranks was alao about to be given effect to, and at the com munion service held on the oacaaion of his visit a very large number of members were present. During the past few months the church build ing bad. been cleaned and renovated at a coat of about £6S, and farther improvements were yet contemplated. Mr. A. Lxok (elder) en dorsed the Moderator's statement, remarking as well that whilst tbe church has gone through very severe trials the experiences of tbe past two yean had been most pleasing. The Hon. 3\. G. Bajisat, M.L.C., appeared (along with Mr. Lyon) as a deputation from the church to the Presbytery, and presented a resolution that had been ananimouHy adopted asking the Presbytery to reappoint Mr. Jennings (at present supplying) for at least six months. He announced that the people bad said six monttm fearing that tha Presbytery might not desire to go beyond such a period, but if it were agreeable to extend the, time suggested to twelve months, the peoykfe desire would be yet more fully met Itwasalatt mentioned that the Naime folks ««ip—Mi ti? requestforMr.Jeiming?feaerrio?s. Xtwategneft on the motion of the Bey. J.Oobdob, meumUL ' by the Bey. 3. LTau^that ti? fresbyterj w? • point Mr. Jennmgs ior twabf-wwiwn'Hip Ciebk further reported re Hie ftbM cknnh Oat tbe desire at tbe people ws?*? have • properly constituted session of their own, and be had been asked to prefer tbeir request to the Presbytery. Although the mcmbet skip mi not by any means large at the -present,* yet the feeling was that if & regular tetsicn was formed the church would Im more folly equipped for work. Some I discussion ensued upon the matter. The ' Hoo. J. G. Baxsay-, M.LC, expressed | hia opinion in favor of the proposed step, and | urged the Presbytery to aeeede to the request, as it would be the means of encouraging those who were already doing • good work. Eventually it was agreed—That the Moderator be instructed to take the necessary steps for the formation of a station at Nsirne as soon^ as he thinks the membership 3f the church v large enough to warrant the action, and that the elders of the Mount Barker Church be appointed as assessors to assist in the election. .T. AXDRtfw's CHTECH. Tfce Cudk reported that the official notifica tion to the congregation of the deposition of their late minister, and that the church hvl been declared vacant by the Presbytery had been duly read oa Sabbath 24th April. Mr. J. Anderson (elder) announced that a congrega tional meeting had been held oa Monday, May 2, that arrangements bad been made for temporary ■apply, bat that no steps bad yet been taken to' nil the vacancy. GOODWOOD. The Bey. D. Patos, as the Moderator cf Goodwood, reported that the new oburch was now csX?pleted, and that the opening services bad been held on the two preceding Sabbaths. He understood there trou'd be a deputation from Goodwood waiting upon the Presbytery that afternoon, and therefore suggested that the matter, meanwhile, should be adjourned till then. This was agreed to. THB REV. J. HEJCDBHSOH. The protest laid upon the table at the last meeting of Presbytery by the Bey. J. Henderson relative to the action of the Presbytery in de posing hint bom office was now taken up and •gain read, as also a letter of the same tenor written said addressed by Mr. Henderson to the Moderator, dated May 3. It was moved, seconded, and unanimously agreed, that the two documents be received, and that nothing farther be done in the matter, the Presbytery seeing no reaacn for departing from its previous decision* nntw coixeok. The Cms read the following report;— "Paring the session of 1880 the same methoJ of regular daily attendance as in the previous session was adopted, and with even more satis factory results. The stndenta thereby get both tine and opportunity to acquire at least some measure of familiarity with those great de partments of knowledge which throw light open the revelation of God and the nature d man. The ministerial students were the same as those of the year before, with the emotion of Mr. J. 8. Mitchell. The tutors and —ltstars mmsatd their satjjfaction at the pro gress that had been made. Our own Mr. W. Gray having been accepted as a second year's atodnt as the inauguration of this system, has finished the curriculum, and is now a licentiate of tfce church. Mr. Jennings is preparing, and Mr. Msequee* is expected to prepare to pass the extra-mural examinations «f that institution. Vorthe sake of the future of our church, as well as tre others therein represented, our people ought to take more interest in said give more beartay to its operations." Upon the motion of the Cum, seconded by Mr. Flexdtu, the following gentlemen were appointed the dele gates at the ftesbyteiy to Union College for 1881-2:—Bera. J. loaH, J Gordon, and J. Hall htyr, ud lit sen. D. Murray, Gei, Young.acd Dr. Bobertson. inCU fITATKKEKT. Tfce Cixbx read a lengthy statement, giving the statistics of the whole of toe churches within the bounds, and also a brief report of the position aad prospects of each congregation. As it is impoarthte to give the same in this xcpezt the statistics merely are here copied:— Xfonbtt of elders, 59; number ot com nmnioanta, I.SS3; average attendance, 2^7Bj sittinft let 1,<87\. This, however^deea sot pre sent the tine state of matters, as eight of the churches do sot let seats. Number of schools, 28; teacher*, 900; scholars, 1,767. Preaching atatiens, 13; amage attendance at same, 510. Itajer meetings 14; attendance at same, 391. Income foe twelve months for oongregatiansi pi posts, ordinary and extraordinary, £7.588 Ua.Bd.; arimtrnary and benevolent purposes, 248165\. 2d. After the statement bad been read the Bey. D. Patch moved—•• That thePres bjtery acknowledges ito indebtedness to the clerk for the preparation of such an exhaustive report as that just submitted, and feeling that the sane will prove interesting to the friends who nay be pretest, desires that same be read at the asEual public meeting this evening. The Bey. Jobs Mac?kak seconded, and it was agreed. UKU PUBLIC SKEIDO. The CusEnsd the following report of tte cescmittee on annual meeting. A tuggeetien liavirg been made to tha committee that toe annual public meeting of Presbytery should be held at Goodwood this year in connection with the •pernine of the Presbyterian Ohureb there, it was resolved to make arrangements for so doing, the tmdgata&disg; being that the usual tea meeting would be provided by the Good woed people. It was resolved that the clerk's report should be read, and that addressee should be de livered by Bey. D. Paton on " The Presbyterian Conference held in Melbourne f by Bey. J. Ljsll on "The eldership;'' and by Bey. B. Mftcbell on "Miationary effort at home and abroad," at the evening meeting. The report was received and adopted. QCAETEBI.T 31AGAZOTE. Seme discussion ensued upon the question of a denominational magazine, the general feeling being that the position of the Presbytery ameegst the other churches of the colony de manded that it should have its own organ, and thereby keep the friends of toe cause alivj to its operatiocs and working. Eventually it was moved by Bey. J. Goedoh—''That this Presby tery feeling the need of a denominational paper, resolves to establish a quarterly maga zine, and further appoints tbe Ben. J. tyall.D. Tatoo, and the clerk a committee to e«rreapond with the various congregations, and make such gnqnJrim as are desirable in respect to tbe same, and report to next meeting et Presbytery." Toe Bey. J. Ltaix seconded, and it was agreed. tictobux xagazotb. In respect to the suggestion of the Victorian Presbyterian Chnrch chat there might be a union between it aad the Presbytery in the coaduct of c&e; magazine—the Mmtkly Meuenger and 3lii titnery Rtcord at present existing, it was resolved to announce to the Victorian Church that, feel ing the urgent necessity for a local magazine we are about to try and bring same into exitt anee, and consequently cannot entertaic the suggestion tbe Victorian Church has so kindly TfTT^ GOODWGOD. Consideration resumed. — Messrs. Wbodside and Fattick,two of the members of the Goodwood Church attended as a deputation, and both ad dressed the Presbytery. They said that the eanest wish of the people was that the prayer of tbe petition presented at a prior meeting of tbe Presbytery might be granted. The prospects cf tbe chnrch were very pleasing. The necessity for a regularJy-focmed church was now apparent, and this desire was to commence a Sabbath school without delay. The Bey. J. Ltaix sap pletnanted the report of tbe deputation, and stated that he had preached on the opening Sabbath, when he was very delighted both with the congregation and the building that they had erected. He moved that the Presbytery au thorise tbe Ber. D. Paton, Moderator of Goodwood, to take tbe necessary steps for fccmi?g the people into a congregation under the riesbjtetj. and that Mr. T. W. Flam ing and I>r. Bobercaoa be appointed to act aa a temporary session. Ber. J. Faclds Haxnnsov amended, and it was agreed. Bey. I>. Patch then proposed—That Mr. W. Gray be appointed to preach at Goodwood for six months, sad that in order to manifest continued interest in the wort then tbe members of Prei. briery undertake to preach there now and then, exchanging with Mr. Gray. Bey. 3. Lyau. accoadad, and it was adopted. new hxbbxdbs mission. Hie Bey. J.X.zaix,oa behalf of theaommittae appointed to amperintend the preparation of Mr. Gray for work as a missionary in connection with this mission, reported that by tbe last naaher of the Tatmauam Vrtsbfteriax. Magasime be taw tbat the TairaariianCharchhad accepted Mr. B. M. Frasar as tbe lay missionary on behalf of tbat chnrch. All further •difteulty being sow removed oat of Ifce Pntbyten's way Mr. Gray could be accepted as the missionary for this efaumh. He further announced that tbe committee had made application to sbe board of management of the Adelaide Hospital, asking them to allow Mr. Gray to punas a short coarse of medical study aad attend the surgeons of the hospital, •o that be might be tbe better fitted to under take the important duties to which he has given himtelf. Baefa application had been very courteously received and an affirmative answer ■nea, and Me Gray would commence without <|«ay. The Bar. D. Patch moved- 14 That the Presbytery express Us satisfaction tbat it now «*• its way to accept Mr. Gray as it* represen tattve in the Kew Hebrides mission, and also at the arraagecuiits that have been made foe providing him with some measure of "tKii"M _ .. ABsmouMtsa. The wnsidcatMm of this matter was entered upon. Tbe clerk read the variooT proterts Ijta* spm the tabte, H .jaa twVtetfcSSm ifce?er. James aCoHair,,* Bdinbn^luTetativi forsaer trustees far the Presbytery, was beard in rapport of tbe protest he had tabled, as also with referaao? to tba whole ease. Mr. J. Hen £f «n M«j) fj*" ■ wgard to the position of St. Andrew's Ofaunh is the matter. Afr ar a '««*? *b«T!*> m «"?• «* «? partieshad vet fcera able to remain, and as the number JjMsenl: wass*lW.ssas?somewhatsoi,U.it w? nsolved to adSoma fmttMr oousidaration tUI Mai maebne Bey. D. Paton giving notice that at ntb meetisg he would move—'Thst tae several prote.-ts having been received and con sidered be dismissed, and that on the ground of what Mr. McLime has said in his written state ment upon the Presbytery table, viz, " That vithcut any conditions the proceeds of his gift tfcall serve to extend tbe kingdom of Christ," the Pretbjtcry resolve to devote the sum of £400 to tbe Home Mission fund as the best means of carrying out what from such state nttit they conceive to be his wishes for the disposal of the money, the interest of such sum alone to be used for this purpose. BALAKCE- SHEETS. The treasurers of the various funds submitted tbeir bclauce- sbeet*, which having been duly audited, were approved. The positions of the fame are as follows: —Presbytery Fund—Re ceipt*, £108 2s. ; expenditure, £131 Is. Id. ; balance due treasurer, £25 19i. Id. Home Mis sion Fund—Keceipty,£4t)loiJ.2J.; expenditure, £S3 Bs. Sd.; balance in treasurer's hands, £3T7 lls. Cd. Aged and Innrm Ministers' Find — Eeceipts, £9175. 1 d.; expenditure, £*J; balance | in treasurer's hands, £71 7s. Id.; on deposit at Bank of Adelaide at 6 per cent., £1,493 19s. New Hebrides Mission Fond—Balance at pre st&t; in hands of treasurer, £909 10a. lOd. J A.HED A>'D IKFIBM lIIXISTERS COMilll'lEE. The following gentlemen were elected to serve en this committee for ensuing twelve months: —Eevs. J. Lyall, D. Paton, J. Gordon. J. Hall Angus, Professor Davidson, Messrs.D. Murray, T. D. Pearson, J. Johnston, and T. W. Fleming; Protector Davidson, convener; Bey. D. Paton, deputy- convener. MB. O. VABI.EY. The application of Mr. Varley to be engaged as evangelist tinder tbe Presbytery's auspices was again considered, and it was agreed that Mr. Varley be informed that tbe Presbytery regret they do not see their -way clear to enter into any such engagement in the meantime. HTM SiX COMjnTTKE. The Bey. D. Paton, W. l>avidson, and 7. Hall Angus were>ppointed a committee to give effect to the resolution of the conference held in Mel bourne appointing this cburah, along with the Queensland Presbyterian Church, to consider the question cf the compilation of a common Hymnal for all the Australasian Presbyterian Churches. £TKOD OF CUTTED PEESBTTEEIAS CHTJBCH OF SCOTLAND. A letter was read from tbe Bey. J. Grierson Scott, Convener of Colonial Committee of United Presb) terian Church, offering, on behalf ot that church, to afford all facilities in the way of supplying the colonial churches with preachers on certain conditions. The considera tion of the letter was adjoumei till next meeting. ETtDENTS' roimHTm-r. Mr. Jennings being present, was subjected to a written examination on Paley's Evidences, Maclaren's Seven Topics, and Church History, and the same behig satisfactory was sustained, as was also a sermon on Zechariah, 12 o. 10 v., delivered Before the court. REV. JOH2? 2r*JTBIL. A letter was read from Bey. John Auld, of Asbneld, announcing for the information of Presbytery, that tke Bey. JohnM'Xeil was at the date of the letter laboring at that place. The letter was received, and in connection with the same the following re solution was ordered to be entered upon the minute—That inasmuch as the Ber. John M*Niel has resigned his charge at Georgetown, he is therefore no longer a member of this preebjtery. Several accounts were then passed for pay ment, and the meeting was brought to a dose. 