SHUFFLING OUT. Tee Forrest Amateur Dram&tie; As soda* tion, of PbilBcielBhift, wae playing ' Venice Preserved.' J. Z. Little and a young man named, I think, White, assumed the parts of Pierre and Jafner. In the last scene, where both the conspirators die, Little had to give up the ghost first, whioh he did to the great sftti&ieotion; of the gioundiinge, Rtntfoeritic all over the place, and sivine convulsive gasps, eic, taking oare, however, to give his last kick in the exaot centre oi the stage. Tbe other tragedian then commenced his go-as-you- please walk around preparatory to shuffling off. It seems that he also had made calculations to die on this desirable spot, and, finding himself baulked in this, he determined to fall as near the centre as possible. As the circle of White's etapgering became smaller. Little became visibly uneasy. He bore it manfully, however, until White began to totter as if ready to drop. Then nil courage left him, and, easting aside every regard for appearances, he eleotrified the audience by Bitting p suddenly and crawling nearer to the wing', when he again laid himself out. The othec incident occurred at M'Vioker'e Theatre, Chicago, in those good old days when stock companies flourished, and the bill was changed weekly. This neceesitated « ««-at Jaai nt stndvins and hastiKsotten up eoetumes. I don't remember much about 1 the plot of the play, except that a young girl, in love with the hero, disguised herself as a page, in order to follow him in a battle, where she is slain. On the first night Manager M'Vioker, who was and is very particular about matters of dress, discovered that the young woman who took the part of the page had slippers on. 'Don't you know any better than to wear slippers on a field of battle t' he demanded. She timidly replied that ' ehe had had neither time nor money to get boots on sueh short notioe.' 'Well, said M'Vioker, 'yon must borrow a pair, or do something, for I certainly shall not allow you to go on in those slippers.' The poor girl was in despair, until the good-natured leading man, seeing her dietreBS, tendered her the loan of a pair of top-boots, an offer which she gladly aocepted, in lieu of nothing better. They were rather large, to be sure, but ehe managed to navigate in them pretty well, and things went on smoothly until the scene of her death. While she is lying dead on the battle- field the hero and his servant meander in, and, discovering who she is, the former delivers a touching eulogy over her remains, and then orders his servant to take her off, while he in dulges in an effective soliloquy a Ia the melaneholy Dane. As the man dragged her off by the arm-pits, the pocr page found that in spite of her frantio efforts to keep them on, she waa Blowly and surely being pulled out of her boots. The man kept on pulling, however, until he had her in the wings, snd the big boots were left on the stage with tbe dis oonsolate hero. Imagine his feelings 1 especially when a small voice from the gallery piped out, ' She left them for re membranceE.' While I have been writing this 'ow« true tale,' an amusing story, related to me by an old rctiied actor, occurs to me. Though it didn't take plaoa in a death eoene exactly, still it was very funny. A young utility man was east for the part of a Boman eoldier, who rushes in to announce that ' all is lost, the eitadel has been taken,' etc., etc Thinking his youth and smooth face did not look seldierly enough, he determined to wear a heavy moustache and wig. Accordingly when the night eame Johnny stood L. U. E., ready Jo spring on at his cue, in brave array. A fierce blaok moustache shading his upper lip, his wig surmounted by one of those fluted tin helmets, and in his gallant right hand he held a spear. At last his cue was given, and he mined on. He came on with suoh a bounce, however, that hia wig and helmet slipped back, exposing his light short hair underneath. He hastily clapped hia hand to his head, and held on his cake pan helmet, while he began his announce ment. Horror! One side of his mous tache, which fastened with springs in the nostrils, had become loosened, and fell aoross his mouth; he pushed it up and again essayed to speak, and again it fell across Mb month. In the desperation of des pair, he frantically pulled the thing off and threw it in the wings, and, after giving his lines, made his ignominious exit, still clutching his helmet, in an agony of mor tafieation.— Rwd York, Nym CriiMe's Paper. 