THE REVISED NEW TESTAMENT. We shall not be sorpriaed if the im pression left upon the minds of many of those who compare the Preface with the text is not altogether favourable. It will be felt that, with all the pains that have so evidently been taken, the revision has been a little overdone. Too many alterations have been made, and there is often a schoolboy literal, ness of rendering which is by no rawans agreeable. In a multitude of instances the Authorised Version might well aave been left, even with many of its harmless incoosaUeneaea. What, for example, is gained by the sub. stitution of "bring oe not" for "lead us not" in the Lord's Fraytr! It would be unreaaonabls, bowever, to expect piefeotion in aay work of tkie ki?i, or to expect tktt a body of aeholan wasatitatedaa was thiasaoald *?*": *•?■ ■**■ to mk atUe aQ esav. aiwJa*tfa*mfeane>>ae^a>.iaa>Me*i ooune in a purely literary and wamai' tific spirit. Probably they, would not even claim to hare done N>;and at any rate, this absolute impartiality it is roles have b?an -so - carefully - followed in points of every minor ■ mpoctaace; which in no' way touch established dog? matic ideas,; the revisers have boldly declined to carry them put in some cases of the contrary: kind—of which it is oar duty in the next place briefly to speak; ' :-- '\\. ' . "Holy Ghost," Matt L 18; this rendering ocean We and, elsewhere with a marginal note, " Or Holy Spirit" and so throughout this book a. well informed reader is no doubt aware' that the original word, rendered some times "Ghost," sometime* "Spirit" ia without exception everywhere one and the same word. Why, then, should it be differently translated in different places 1 Tt may indeed,, be said that " Ghost :I and " Spirit" are identical words, so far as force, and meaning are concerned. Bat if so, why not aso the one comprehensive and heartiful word "Spirit,' rather than its poor, antiquated, and absolete dupli cate 1 Similar remarks apply to the rendering " wise men" on . the , oppo site page (M?tt ii 1, 7). The original is magi or magians, as again noted in the margin. But " wise ~ men does not properly express it. The map were a well- known class of men, priasts and soothsayers of the Fenians and other ' Oriental nations. Their * true character ought, not to hare' been - dis guised under an ephithet which it ia very likely they did not deserve. At any rate, faithfulness to the original again required that- they should - re ceive their own proper appellation; and the historical colouring, as we may term it, of the Evangelist's statement should not have been so much disguised and diluted by a .feeble and inappropriate substitute. * Turning over a few pages, we . come to matter of great interest "The hell of fire 1 takes the place of the authorised " hel fire " (Matt v. 22). The expression is one which introduces an idea even more fearful and repulsive than that suggested by the whole rendering. In somo mythologies there are hells of torture and of punishment by other means than fire. These, however, are not known to the New Testament.: Hence it would seem to have been scarcely wise or right to suggest-, the idea of a distinction which was most probably anthought of by the Christian, evangelist But is the word "hell" with the dreadful medieval associ ations which still cling to it in the popular conception, a just rendering of the original? We greatly doubt this. The original word is Gehenna, which in its origin (was a ■ local name denoting a definite spot with a very peculiar hibtory. Accidental cir cumstances made the " Valley .of Hiu nom " (such is the import of the word) a place of burning. It was a spot rendered abominable to latter genera tions by the: idolatrous rites once practised in it .The word then, it is clear, is a local name, a proper name, with very peculiar associations. The addition '; of fire." is most probably a Hebraism, like "judge of unrighteous ness" rendered "unrighteousl judge." (Luke xviii. 6), and it simply means "burning Gehenna.'' As the word then is of this character, was it wise or faithful to the Scripture to use as its English equivalent a word suggesting to ordinary- readers the meaning which has descended to us {ram the old days of mediaeval darkness and snper stition-—the meaning so usually conveyed, by the word ■'" hell V Ought not. a proper name to have: been given as a proper name 1- The word "hell," we imagine, must disappear entirely from the Old Testament It would have been a fitting pendant to this, if the same result could haye1 fol lowed in the New Testament revision also. Passing on a little further, we come to the Lord's Prayer, in which! many persons will see, with regret or even with a stronger feeling, the changes which have been made. " Bring us not into temptation " takes the place of " Lead us not,* 1 probably, as before said, for no reason but to har monise the translation with other places in which the same verb is so rendered—a very small reason, it must be allowed, in the face of the rule to make "as few changes as possible . . . consistently with faithfulness." The -other and greater change is equally arbitrary and more unjusti fiable, " deliver us from the Evil One." The facts of the case are as follows: The Greek words for " the evil" may be either masculine or neuter, accord ing to the requirements of their context No doubt there is an instance or two in the New Testament in which' they are masculine, and denote therefore a person, as in Matt xiii. 19 ' (compare Mark iv. 15). The context here, in addition to the nominative form, re quires a correspondent rendering. But either cases occur in which the words am neuter, and carry with is, they signify the evil, " that which is evil," or " eviL" Such cases are Luke vi. 45, "An evil man . . , bring eth forth that which is evil" (or simply, bringath forth cvi 1); and Bom. xii. 9, "abhorring that which is evil" (i.c, "evil"). Th,ere ia no doubt about these oases, in both of which the article and adjective are neuter. It is clear, therefore, so far, that in .the Lord's Prayer the rendering Might be either "the evil one" or "eviL" What then ia the context determined for the personal meaning % Nothing whatever; but the contrary. "Forgive our tres passes," "Lead us not into tempta tion." In then expressions,' trespasses,' and "temptation," are general or ab stract in meaning To them, therefor*, the abstract "evil" ia correspondent and parallel. Thus we have three petitions, '•forgive vi our trespasses,' v lead us not into temptation," " de liver us from evil," answering in cha r?cter to each other. Evidently there was no need to introduce a personal agent, " the evil one," and to do so is to spoil the symmetry of the prayer, to lower Us. character by intrsdncing into \t a gross and unspiritual conception. Whj then have the Bevisers done thisf It may be conjecturad that they have done it out of regard for the authority of the Greek Fathers, who quite uniformly so interpret the words. At first sight this seems to be a strong reason, and it is so, but there are con aiderationa wkioh diminish its force. Even the Greek fathers were not infallible, and on this sub. jeot of tfce IBaten] devil^ they vm v-ylaflUOesaW Tfc* wi. faO sf aa?anaitio?? astk m ksai sai afceot ttawaavdaaMHaf aaaacr^si "uiflfiienoei *>eTerywhere in li£^"~in the commonesfaetion? and occurrences; Bat then this personage is very im portant, and holds a most prominent position in the theology of our day, and the majority of the KeviBers,_iA woald-appe?7"Iwere~aBinrjch,under bis influence id were the-Gt*?k^?th?rsV They would have done TBJlterTin. ?uf humble judgment, to have left, the Prayer in this respect as it was. If tfaey thought the other rendering worthy of notice, they might: have have given us the margin, "or the evil one," leaving it to those readers, who Blight prefer this rendering to follow it, bat not making the whole JBaviaion Company responsible for it before the world, and so lending an authority to it which it. rarely does not deserve. .. ■ ■ ■ The suggestions of the American Revision Committee which, are ap pended to the volune will be found to form a large and interesting collection of various renderings, such as the American Revisers prefer and have recommended, unsuccessfully, to the English Company. The English : student will by no means' concur with the Americans in all the points; but he will find, nevertheless, ample proof of thought and care, as well as of sound learning on the American side. In many of the cases, we are persuaded, the English Revisers would have done I well if they had paid more attention | to them.— Daily Netcg. 