BURIED ALIVE. A vert strange circumstance occurring in the vicinity of Suicarte, Mason County, Illinois, has attracted the attention of a great many and is, at least a most miraculous affair. February the 26th, a woman named Mrs. Banks to all appear ances died. About four weeks previous to this s'110 had given birth to a child, and was appar ently well, with the exception of the nursing sore mouth, from the effect of which she had grown quite weak, so much so, that her husband thought it -waB necessary to call in a physician, but she objected, insisting upon waiting a few days longer thinking that she could get through the affliction without the aid of a physician. She soon afterwards, and very suddenly sank away, and to nil appearances gave up the ghost. The body was kept till next day nbout2 o'clock p.m. when it was enclosed in a coffin and taken to fhe graveyard, followed by a great many friends In laying her out her hands were lied together below her elbow with a strip.of cloth so that her arms would retain a position across her breast. At the grave some of her friends wished to view her remains, and the coffin was opened that they might do so. On removing the lid over the glass they could not .see through the glass for the moisture on it. and it was then seen that one of the hands were torn loose from the band and was lying by her side, and her arms were as limber as of one alive. The circumstance bore upon the minds ot several present, but still they could not entertain any notion but she was dead. Her bands were again placed in position across lier breast and retied with the same strip of cloth and she was buried. After returning to their houses several of the parties who had noticed the singular appearance at the grave commenced to talk the matter over, ami they soon raised a doubt in their minds that she was not dead ; about five o'clock that same evening several went to the grave and took the body up. .On opening the coffin the3 found fresh moisture on the glass of the coffin lid, and her hands were again broken from the strip of cloth that bound .them, and they were both lying bv her side, and instead of her liiftbs being in the least rigid, they and her fingers were flexible. Notwithstanding all this lhe3 could not convince themselves but that she was dead, and she was again reburied. QJ ie matter was generally discussed in the neigh- bourhood, and by the following Sunday the ex citement had grown so strong that it was decided to re-exhume her the following day. The next day Monday, after she had slept four days' and four nights, she was again resurrected and taken to tier home, where she has been slowly but grad ually mending. Her friends entertain the strong est hopes of her recovery, which if she does.win be remembered by the people of Suicarte. The way in .which the affair was managed was to say the least very singular. — Bloomington (111. ) Pantograph. 