THE NEW OPERA. AcT 1 -THE DISCOVERY. Scene-The Cabin(et) of the Ship of State. Sir Henry Parkes I am the Leader of a Government great, And a dexterous Leader too; I guide the helm of the ship of State, And command a piratical crew. With numerical strength upon my side, My bosom swells with contmlacent pride, And I snap my fingers at Fosterian taunts, And so do my supporters, and their cousins, and their aunts. But when the hostile murmurs grow, When indignations justly flow, I scatter the profusion which the Cabin(et) grants mong my aspporters, and their cousins, and their aunts. COeonus-Especially those cozens, In Parliament by dozens, His supporters, and their cousius, and their aunts. When 1 was a lad I served a term As 'prentice boy to a juggling firm A juggler great I soon became, And that is the secret of my present fame. I grew so astute that I was sent By an obscure borough into Parliament, And soon at the bead of a Party small I thought for myself, and I thought for them all. I thought so wisely and I thought so well That any Opposition I could quickly quell; I quelled so many they rewaided me By making me the Leader of the powers that be. When I ranked so high 'midst the powers that he, I rewarded all my allies in a due degree; On bold Billy W- , I set such a store, I made him a Judge of the "common" law. (f such a common Judge they all complained, The ermine was never so indelibly stained. I greivod very much at their di comnfort, And altered pro. teer. into-permonent. I found Johnny D- had acquired such caste, And as Government whip was so uusurpasesd So excellent a whip L could plainly see, Required for a handle-C. \v.G. Old Sir John to the Upper Mueum I sent, And pensioned him with a shrewd intent; For, while he revivified his fossils, I didn't take long to enlist his apostles. Though I sometimes use a big, big D, When Fitz or Foster exasperate me, Yet seldom speak inelegantly, And never misuse the aspirate. (All) -What! Never ! Sir 'Enry I Well-hardly hever ! I wink at David's thunder; I smile at Mac.'s slangwang. I give a cordial greeting-to Copeland's fierce ha. rangue, The wishes of a puppet true I seldom have ignored, And I never actively precipitate a friend overboard. Baker : What ! Never; Sir 'Enry ? Lloyd : Oh! hardly ever? I have so great a dexterity in amending a mistake, That success is the sequel sure of all I undertake. Melville : Un.der.take. And I deena the metropolis vastly superior To the claims and cravings of the beggerly interior. Byers : In-te.rior. Ministers: Goodmorning, Sienrco. Sir Henry: Good morning my o.lleagueo and friends, and I hope you are all in the best of health, the prevalence of small-pox to the contrary notwith. standing. What ails Baker ! He looks far from well. Has your recent marriage proved awry ? I hope you had a golden honeymoon, and may live to celebrate your silver wedding. McElhone : And if you put your offspring in the Civil Service, and they stick to it like you have, we'll call them copper "rivets." Baker : Ah, I am undone, Though all that glitters is not gold, Yet much that flits in copper. Sir Henry : What mean those allusions to cop. per? Baker : You've heard of Milburn Creek ? Sir Henry : Yes ; what of that ? Is the spectre of that grievance to be as troublesome as these historical apparitions-the Flying Dutchman and .the Kiama Ghost? Hon. Robert Wisdom: Bold ! Let me explain. (Sings) I am the very model of a modern 'Torney-General, Proficient in ahbstrest arts--and sciences epheme I know by rote the various- devices mathemati. .cal, And Wakeley's explanation of-syncategoremati. . a l , * I know the conjugations, too -and all the tough declensions, And can solve a logarithmic sum-of infinite dimoes. slions. I am as well acquainted with-the Pol3 nesian pro. ment'ries, , As with the elemental truths-of Stephen's Com. ment'ries, So, too, in legal lore -have ever been precocious, And have dabbled with the codes- of Solon and of Grotius. I know Justinian just an much-as frogs do of latinity, :The-scrip a lex a little more-than dogs do of divinity. The term, the "council lcarned,"-withh me is no misnomer, For I've crammed from-Cicero and Tectitus, Euri. pides and Homer. My nearly faultless erudition--=makcs many a Orich. ton stare, But [ cannot solve the mysteries of-thal Mlilbuen Creek qffair. Sir Henry: WVell, that's right enough, so long as we keep everybody elho from solving its mysteries. Oh, take one consideration with another, A Premier's lot is not a happy one, When exculpatory duty's to be doeo. tobe done, A'Premier's lot is not a happy one, . happy one. - What is your opinion, Sir John ? Sir John : Why-dammc-it's too bad ! Sir Henry : And yours, Mr. Buchanan ? Mr. B. : Simply that there is so much of the Lazaraus about me that Dives himself couldn't bribe me to so monstrous a deviation from reoLcitud., or so outrageousne a dereliction of political propriety. Sir Henry: What think you, Mr. McElhone ? Mr. M. : "Oh tetter far to live and die Under the black flag pirates fly, Than play a sanctimonious part, With a pirate head and pirate heart." Mr. Garrett: I look at the matter logically. I think the criminality consists not in the deed but in the discovery. .Sir Henry (to Baker) : My indignation, my sur prise Are invoked by the public cries. Have you not common sens To make this comprehensible ? The shunffling way you fence Is simply indeofono ible Baker : A balaunce sheet l A balancosheet I My kingdom for a balance sheet ! Sir Henry : All things considered, I do adjudge that you bo tried in open Court before Mr. Salamons. Q.C , and if convicted your kingdom shall be taken from you end given to another. (All sing) Oh never should a Minister Descend to what is sinister. If he scn't avert a revel-ation, By an energetic twist, He should manage to resist The force of an accu-sation. "[With regard to this word "synoategoremati cal," the right of translation is reserved by the author.] ACT 11.-THuE RecoveaRv. Scene-A Public Court. Police Sergeant : Silence in the Court ! Chorus of Policemen : Don't look to us for daring feats, For that is not our forte, He is beast who best repeats : "Silence in the Court!" By danger we were never daunted, Whatever people say ; But, when we find we're wanted, We walk the other way. When the bigamist's not a marrying, When the forger's furgings done, We love at corners to be tarrying, And stare serenley at thelsun. When the duffer's not a duffing, When the tipplers brought to book, We love in kitchens to be stuffing, And sing the praises of the cook. When the magsman's tot a.sharking, When the monts men play fair, H-low sweet in tap-rooms to be larking With some barmaid's pretty hair. When the " forty's" fortified, When the coiner's smashed his pewter, Our energies are misapplied, Our sympathies are neuter. What, though no thief we do espy, And have no felons caught; Observe out value when we cry "Silence in the Court!" Enter Mr. Salomon, Q 0. (sings) I hope you do aee, do see I am a little Q.C., Q.C., The man that could "charley " Me, Dalley, or Darley, Must be a keen charleytan. At the bar, at the bar, I'm considered a star, And however men taunt, I am placed above " Want," And far beyond Tarleton. Chorus- Sing hey, the witty, witty Q.O. and the Bar. Police Sergeant: Oh yea ! Oh yea I All per. sons requiring justice from this " honorable Court," draw nigh and consider yourselves lucky if you get it. Mr. Salamnons: Step forward, Light- weight Baker, and ha weighed in the balance. Baker : I demur. 8\. : State the ground of your demurrer ? B. : Bribery is notunconstitutional. Many char. ters of the Constitution commence, " Know all men by these presents." Look at your commission which begins in this form. S. : Those quips and quirks avail you not at all. For the suspicion which the piracy of £80,000 has brought upon others, who may even yet be innocent, I sentence you to be banished from the realm of politics for the term of your natural life, and on the expiration of that sentence, I further order that you be deemed disabled from enjoying any civil rights whatever, until His Excellency's pleasure concerning you be known. (Enter Buttercup.) Buttercup : Bold. Ere you decree for him the dungeon of political obscurity, a long-concealed crime I would confess Not many months ago, When duns became alarming, As somie of you may know, I practised figure farming. Two cooked accounts I "mussed," The one in Arithmetician, 'Did carefully adjust, The other a politic-magician. Oh bitter is my cup! SHowever could I do it ? I mixed those figures up, And no shareholder knew it ! Not many months ago. SMr. Salamsens This puts a diflerent complexion on the matter. Knaves will be knaves, and avarice must have its fling. I reverse my former sentence, and cancel its articles, severally and jointly. Hon. E. A. Baker : Oh joy, oh rapture unforseon ! The clouded sky is now serene. (Sings)- For I was king of a Tammany Ring, Because I thought it a glorious thing To belong to a Tammany Ring. My colleagues justly did decide That by Commission I'd be tried, And by Commission purified, And though I'm clear of the Tammany Ring, Still it is it is a glorious thing To be king of a Tammany Ring. E?'xen?t ozanes. -' Nlul-gee Independent.' 