"AUSTRALIAN ABORIGINES ." SATURDAY'S ARGUS. { The author of this work hMeuoyeil?Daaial Wantages in iti3jHj^Wi%>. £2X1X33 to the thanks and cooirratulaiiona. j>£ all {ethnologist. iorWlUUULjff%iii tte pldest wttlen in the Western district, and animated by a kindly md protective feeling Jorthe aoori,^kmo]*t*iMltbat part of Jvhat m then Port Phillip, Mr. James pawwra cal their confidence and respect, and, mainly by the effort* ottoffrHQiUr, Mrs. Taylor, who v mistress of the satire tongue, succeeded in collectingMdy?Hfcig a great quantity sf valuable information respecting the various tribes inhabiting this part of Australia, the P"§* •■■ mawta, their Torms of govern menti.iheir. family relations, their ideas of property,. their modes of inheritance, their habitations sad dotting, their social and dosaasric fife, theirweapoasaiidunplemtnts, their-Uw* of marriage and succession, their •uptu tit ions aud diseases, their council meet ings and assemblies for pastime, their methods of procuring lead, and their knowledge of or ■otions concerning natural pbesouMaa, Obbo. ■}**?-,•( thW't>"i?ta ii it'ibyhio mews, easily to proems thm angary accurate and trustworthy detaib,beatsae."the natives, IB their anxiety to please, an apt to coincide with, the questioner aai thus assist him to arrive at wrong couelasioaa," Thsrefore Mr. Dawson and his daughter took every precau tion to guard against error by never asking leading questions, and by taking advantage of the combined testimony of many inform ants as to the veracity uf particular state ment', and by ascertaining the absolute cor rectness of each before comautting it to piper. Thus brought into dose and continuous inter course with the aborigines, the author of this work was led to form a high opinion of their natural capacity: He found some of them able to apeak as many as four dialects—each differing from the other as much as the Ital ian spoken in Venetian Lombardy differs from that of Tuscany, Piedmont, |ar Sicily—be sides possessing a fair knowledge of English ; anil b? tells u? that is very questionable if even, those who belong to the middle class of English society," notwithstanding their ad vantages of education, knew as much of their own laws, of natural history, and of the no menclature of the heavenly bodies, as the aborigines do of their laws anil of natnrsl •Meets." In fact, the profound contempt ordinarily exhibited for the original lords of tha Australian soil by the Europeans who have dispossessed them is based upon igao raace, an'igno'rance which acquintance with their language has assisted to dispel; for, as th^late Oscar Perehel observe.-, " If the pro fusion of forms briefly expressing ainuta re lations were to decide the rabkoitiaugnage, wej and all tne nations of western Europe might envy the miserable tribes of King George's Sound, for,ti^eirjangtuge*poBseaae9 far more case terminations than Latin, and a dual as well as. siagalar-aad plural.; .The. verb isas;richm teaserts^inLatin; and baa. also terminations,'for" the dual, and three genjlers for the third person. In addition to active and passive, it has reflective, reci procal, determinative, and continuative form?. j . In point, of of.' langu age^ the highly cultured Polynesians, and tbea the ancient Chinese,1 must yield to the inventive Australians."' ?Canon- Pamir's thaory that the imitation of natural sounds wa3|the chief starting-point of language, and the source of most nominal roots* 'derives a considerable amount of support from the large number of onomatopoetic words in the aboriginal languages of tie Western district, for, the native names of the curlew, the goose, the-hawk,-the lapwinjr, the laughing jackass, the, lyre-bird, thet magpie; the owl, 1 the parakeet,-. Ike' *andpiper, : the swallow, the wreiyana.tbe'ryeneck are all derived from their respective cries ; while as regards the imported horse, we find one tribe charac terising him by"his neigh and another by the. sound of.hU ho"fs upon the, sod."gump-, gamp." And this recurrence to the ononiate paetic method, where, an. appellation lias to' be invented for a-oovel object, looks like, a reversion to first principles under stress of a special emergency: ■,• . . . :,\%, >r; ,\:<.■) ~ Deriving his information, as we have said, from I the" aborigines' themselves, and con-, versing with them in their! own language, Mr. Dawson has been enabled.,to correct many, errors which* previous' writers -have fallen;into with respect to them. :Tnns, Mr. Brough Smith has assured us'that he could never'discover among the natives of Austra lia anything approaching to ■ religion ;^and yet1 Mr. Oamiu informs us that they believe in supernatural beings—celestial, infernal, and terrestrial. It furlher appears that their ideas of God are uot a bit more anthro^ pomorphic •JMstanesrof agood many Christ tiaus ;'for ibeyflookipon the'good ?[ilritj Pirnmeheeal,, as a i"*figantic aaa.^Uying above 'the filoiidt;"'m^, in fact, as be" i? depicted by the medieval painters of Chris tendom ; "and as he is of a kindly dispoai tioo, anil harou no- uiip,-he is selcfntn'men ttouedj but always with respect.. His voice, { the thunder, is listened to with iilearare, as. it does good to mail and beast by bringing rain, abd making grass and roots grow fur tneir^benefit." But the aborigines say that the- missionaries and Government protectors have' given_theur a dread of. .'Pirosaeheeal; aud they are sorry that the young people, and many of the old, are now afraid''of a being who.never did.any harm to their forefattiers. . They believe in. a ( badspiiit, nameil iMuufuupV who'lfves,like'Plutn, in Mtisliaaes, and whose power is greatest in the darkness. They also believe in wraiths, ghosts and witches; and that the spirit, after quitting tha tody .at death, wanders abont for three days, in..the neighbourhood haunts,^ antl theu'asctnds into a ibeabuful countrj SJbbte thsjrlouda, where it rejoius thosu "it ;ine>v and is happyiwitfi-tnetn for ever. In fact, there is much in the mythology and the re ligious beliefs, of ,the aborigines, that strik ingly resembles those' of early Creece. In other respects the Australian aborigines as similate > with' . the Mandans of Korth America; Like them, they have their medi cine men, in.whom they repose great couti ■ deuce, aid when ordinary remedies fail, re course is had to snpernatnral assistance. Like them, their doctors prescribe roots, barks, and herbs for the sick; and. like them, they employ incantations as a dernier rressort? Until: the arrival ia Australia of -.Europeans the* aborigine* were very little subject to pulmonary complaint", and cases of Jnsanity were extremely rare. When tOeyTdid occur, a family consultation wa3 -behtr-and the afflicted person was pnt to death. In the burial of the dead the in digeuou* ' races pursue the practice of Homeric , times, • Uuyiaf'the ornaments, weapons, and is*litr property of the deceased with Mm; or.iaiadei csrtaia circumstsneet, erecting a funi??l. pyi? aad aoaeaaung the body.'with its 'former "effects, but iv lieu of preserving the aahe< jn.? cipersiy urn, after the fashion of imtiqaity, at widower puts the calcined bones of hisdcceaaul, wife, after he has pouudetl tSein to'powder,, "inti> a little opossum-skin tag, • wbich' be carries t ua upended ;in' front of his d^eac until he mar ries again, ior till the bag"is worn out, when it is burned." l\Vitu respect to cannibalism, which",', to, .i'eschel, prevails . chiefly among higher race of savage?, !' Mr. l?awson says it is otaly practised by" the aborigines of VictiTia. f *a* a, niark of. affee tinnate respect,-in solemn service of monru ing for the dead. The: flesh of enemies is never eaten, n-r of members, of other tribes. The bodies of relatives Cf either sex who have lost thur Tlvc? by vioieucu are alone partaken o!, an is not maiiyle^-TBt^BpbjttaJttjy, Win" poor conilitiun, or in a*mitrid afs^", Huno*ai? uncommon man in the tirot varoxtam ut 'call luver'.i6 ezdaJM the uuiect if bis adoration, "I lava-you so, I coa'ii eitlyun," but it is r??ker;itartUug to fin 1 nur darlC-Painue'l neighbours were formerly iulbe lyibifrflf aettKi&B;'o this extreme proof of their' affection or friendship: T^ Droride *fje. ■dfcsjTwilk'a lrviilg tombi aach as we' ourselves offer fcj :o?n^'atip. pigs. ponltgf^mCSmGSC lusc3, was certainly an lugemoua idea, and & nnM iliindM !■■■■ I —— T?*prr— -rTM^ fed 4at t^isWmeat. of *v *|bM fnend, traswfswmesl by the cbeanfer of the atoftaek, ve t 4 eoafsmgthroagafcsi Tea**in ?d ccwpuscfck" sad were Bassiag through h.s heart itself, rittt iare^em Vtkriltmg sensation to t*e eater. Aisttfcb resJsnsV in of a>ery intersati?gbet i ■■lioiifiy Mrs. Dawson, namely, "that there is no doubt that the aboriginal had a knowledge of the circulation of the blood from the heart through the arteries and of its return by the veins. ' To these blood vessels they give distinctive names. An artery is called gnullman ; a vein is called bsriScran kwurock, or running blood. Very careful inquiries have been made into this subject from the most intelligent of the aborigines, and it is evident that they recognise the connection between the heart and the pulse, and the fact that, while the arteries carry the blood from the heart., the veins return it to the heart again. On its being hinted to them that they may have got this informa tion from the white man, they said that they knew all about it before the white man came. How did they acquire this knowledge! What teaches the bee to con struct its mathematically exact cell, the chicken to discriminate between the fly and the wasp, the bird to weave its nest, and the beavaf jeeoaatrMt ita dam with the ntaoak engineering ekiUr If, m Hartley says, "The direction in hnssa to provide for themselves and their eCajnac ha kind of inspiration, mixing itself with and helping out that part of their- faeahisa which correspond to reason in us, and which is extremely imper fect in them," may we not conclude with Sir Matthew Hale, is his Primitive Origina tion of ManVmi, that then are in the minds of the savage races certain truths which " seem to be inscribed in the very texture of the soul, antecedent to any acquisition by industry, or the exercise of the discursive faculty,", and which resemble, therefore, the instinctive knowledge of the lower animals? Considering the condition of some of the backslums of this city and its suburbs, and our knowledge of the science of sanitation, it is not flattering to our self-love to be told that the aborigines are superior to us in point of cleanliness; for 'it is worthy of remark," writes "Mr. Dawson, " that nothing offensive is ever to be seen near their habitations, or in the neighbourhood of their camps; and although their sanitary laws are apparently attribut able to superstition and prejudice, the prin ciples of these laws must have been suggested by experience of the dangers attendant on uncleanliness in a warm climate, and more deeply impressed on their minds by faith in supernatural action and sorcery. Or they may have been the result of a natural in stinct antecedent to all experience, just as in the case of certain monkeys, as, for instance, the black chimpanzee in the Jardin des Plantes, in Parns, which regularly washed itself all, over with cold water every morn ing, as it had been accustomed to in its native forest, and could not be restrained from doing so by the injurious effect which this 'practice had upon its health in a cold cli mate. So, too, an ourang-outang in the menagerie of the Prince of Orange always rinsed out its month after eating. There are, as M. Houzean has pointed out in his Etudes sur les Facultes Mentales des Animaux, Comparees a celles de l'Homme, so many points of resemblance between the higher animals and the savage races, that it is only reasonable to assume that both these and those are guided, in many actions, by what may be called innate instincts. In anger, the blackfellow grinds his teeth and con tracts his eyebrows, and indulges in passion ate cries like the monkey. Drunkeness has the same effect on both. Both will fight for their females; both are capable of being moved to laughter or tears; and both are partial to fetes and corobborees. Those held by the monkeys of Central America, and by the sacred apes of India, near Deo bund, to, which thousands of these animals resort, at long and regular intervals, and at which they pile their walking sticks in one place, like soldiers stacking bayonets, re semble in some respects, the festival gather ings of the aborigines of this colnny. and it is a curious fact, as recorded in the "Boston Journal of Natural History," that when the black chimpanzees assemble for purposes of pastime, they make use of hollow logs of wood as drums, which they strike with sticks held in their bands and feet, much aa the aboriginal woman rolls up her opossum rug and beats on it to elicit a drum- like sound. It may not be irrevalent to add that the indigenous tribes on the west coast of Africa where these chimpanzees abound, look upon them as members of the human race who have been banished by their misconduct from the society of other human beings and who, by persistence in wrong-doing, have fallen into their present abject condition. Nor will the natives eat a chimpanezee upon any consideratien, as they would regard it as an act of cannibalism. " -One of the most valuable chapters of Mr. Dawson's book is that which relates to the laws of marriage among the Australian abori gines, especially when taken in connexion with Dr. M'Lennan's work on Primitive Marriage, and with the elaborate investiga tions undertaken by Mr. A. W. Howitt, and the Rev. L. Fison. as recorded in their joint work, entitled Kamilaroi and Kurnai. The wisdom and efficacy of the law which forbids marriage within every division of a tribe may 'be said to be negatively proved by the fact that since '.JHis law has been disregarded, owing to European influences, the offspring of the aborigines have declined in health and vigour. With respect to the morality of the natives, in connexion with their sexual relat tions, Mr. Dawson observes. "It says much for the morality of the aborigines and their laws that illegitimacy is rare, and is looked upon with such abhorence that the mother is always severely beaten by her relatives, and sometimes put to death and burned. Her child is occasionally killed and burned with her. The father of the child is also punished with the greatest severity, and oc casionally killed. Should he survive the chastisement inflicted upon him, he is al ways shunned by the woman's relatives, and any efforts to conciliate them with gifts are spurned, and his presents are put in the fire and burned." There is much that is eligible for extract in the various chapters upon property, tie naming of childrej, the knowledge which the aborigines have acquired of natural phenomena, &c; ; but enough has been cited to indicate the general character of the work, which has been written in a plain unpreatend ing style, and with a scrupulous regard to accuracy. Its value is materially increased by a copious vocabulary of words in three languages—the Chaap Wuurong, or broad lip; Kuitrti fivpem ?oot, or small lip ; and the Perk Whuurong, or kelp lip— which covers 34 quarto page , and by an ex poeiiiisa of the native grammar. Photographs of 'the Kaawirn, Kuunsvnrarn, chief of the Kirroy Wnurong and of Yarran Parpur Tarneen, cliiefess of the Morpow tribe, and a fac-simile of the conveyance by which eight chiefs transferred 100,000 acres of land lying between Geelong and Queenscliff to John Batman in the year 1835, lead additional in terest to a volume which may be pronounced to be a most valuable contribution to our knowledge of a people who are rapidly melt ing away, and whose ultimate extinction seems to be almost inevitable. Many years have been consumed in the collection by Mrs. Taylor of the material so systematically ar ranged by Mr. Dawson, but the book is one which is pretty sure to take a prominent place in the ethnological literature of Australia, and to, be read with approval, and referred to as an authority upon the subjects of which it treats, by the scientists of Europe and America, not only at the present time, but in future years, when nothing remains, of the aborigines but memorials like those pre served in their olnme under a tree. Thei negituuiO?w between Colonel CainsiAa iud tbe Bawito leaden hat ia§^.B( been'returned. Pome fighting has al ipdy taken place, bus not of adecikiie character. 