THE GENERAL SYNOD. In its recent session the General Synod has confounded all prognostications of its failure to transact business by not only getting through a larger amount of business than usual, but by passing determinations on some of the most difficult subjects ever submitted to it with unexampled unanimity and good feeling. We cannot indeed praise too highly the delicate tact and kindly forbearance with which subjects that might have bred division in the Churches were evaded or shelved, and no measure pressed beyond the stage at which it became plain that it could not command the support of the Synod as a whole. It is a good augury for the immediate future of our Australian Church that, alike for what was wisely done and what was still more wisely left undone, credit is in a great measure due to the spirited exertions and admirable temper of some of the youngest occupants of the bench of Bishops. Taking first the measures that did not pass, Mr. Garnsey's proposal that the Synod should pronounce it desirable for clergymen to use all the offices as prescribed in the Book of Com mon Prayer, however excellent in its intentions, was one which the Synod could not entertain. It asked the Synod to lower the obligation imposed by the rubrics and to declare that desirable which the law made binding. This was not at all Mr. Garnsey's intention, but it is the effect his resolution would have had. At the same time the Bishops, in urging this objec tion, were fairly open to the rejoinder, Why, then, is that which 13 cuiueaatJU. i-u ue uuiuiiig nut euiurutsu * The discussion on uniformity of marriage regulations brought out the fact that a number of clergymen in these colonies are prepared to leave to the State the duty of pro viding safeguards against improper marriages, and to solemnise without question all such marriages as the law of the land allows. Their contention is that their power to marry comes from the State, and must be exercised in accordance with whatever regulations the State makes. This, however, is not true. The power to read the marriage service of the Church — to solemnise the union of man and woman in the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost — can only be given by the Church. The legal right to exercise that power in a certain district is all that the State can give ; it cannot enlarge the power by extending it. to other cases than the Church allows. The right to marry which the State gives can only apply to the use of the forms which the State provides. If the State sanctions marriages forbidden by the laws of the Church, a State official is free to marry persons in accordance with that sanction, but a clergyman cannot do so. He can only marry according to the forms appointed by the Church, and can onlvs^^those forms according to Church law. It is gratifying w 'As unanimity of feeling that prevailed in the Synod as 1&«J undesirableness of marriage with the wife's sister ; but in an assembly of Churchmen we should have liked to have heard less of the argument from expediency and more of the spiritual meaning of marriage. However, it is assuring to know that even those Bishops who cannot condemn such -marriages on scriptural grounds hold that the table of affinity should be obeyed till set aside by competent ecclesiastical authority. The Synod wisely refused to affirm that the canons of 1604 were binding on the Church in these colonies. We believe that it will be found that they are so binding, except so far as they have been set aside by actual enactments; but the question is one of interpretation of law, and certainly outside the province of a Church Synod. We recommend to the members of our own Superannuation Committee the lucid and exhaustive opinion given by Mr. Black, actuary of the Mutual Provident Association in Sydney, to the Clergy Widows' and Orphans' Relief Committee of the Synod as to the practicability of amalgamating the existing .Diocesan {Superannuation ana widows ana urpnans Funa Societies into one organisation for the entire Australian Church. If such societies are to be safe and profitable, there are obvious advantages in securing the widest possible basis for their operations. Happily, in these colonies we have a right to regard the determination by which a tribunal has been constituted for the trial of Bishops as necessary, indeed, for the completeness of our ecclesiastical organisation, but adding little to our real sense of security. The provision by which a Bishop can only be proceeded against for false doctrine upon a Bishop's presenta tion is one of great value, protecting the Church against vexa tious disturbances of its peace by prosecutions out of party rancour or mistaken zeal. The provision, again, that before coming to any decision the Court must send the case home to be laid before the Committee of Reference, with two Oxford and two Cambridge Professors of divinity as assessors, is all in the interest of fair play. No mere party triumph could be scored with such umpires. The most important determination, undoubtedly, is that for settling the formation of provinces and appointment and status of Metropolitans. It was the urgency of the metro politan question that forced on the provincial. The See of Sydney cannot, in the course of nature, be long held by its present incumbent ; may not improbably be vacated within the next twelve months. In view of this possibility, it became a matter of importance that the question whether the Bishops of Sydney should be in perpetuity Primates of Australia and Tasmania should be decided before a vacancy occurred, as if the election of a Bishop for Sydney meant the election of a Primate for all the dioceses, then it was one which could not be left entirely to a single diocese, but in which the Bishops, at least, in these colonies had a right to a voice. We are heartily glad that the idea of a circulating primacy found no favour with the Synod. A primatial see is the correlative of a Primate ; and there can be no question that Sydney had a claim to be, the Canterbury of the, colonies, not so much because of its forty years' seniority as a city as because it was the first place in which the Church was planted in these lands. Motherhood with Churches, as with individuals, is an undeniable fact, not to be altered by any larger growth or prosperity on the part of the daughter. The mode of election adopted by the Synod does not strike us as incapable of improvement. After all, the Diocese of Sydney has the election of her Primate practically in its own hands. The Bishops of the Synod come in too late, and have a very invidious duty assigned them. The alternative plan appears better, by which, if we understand it rightly, the election must, as in the case of the presentation to a living with us, be left in the hands of a board, formed by union of three committees, elected- respect- ively by the Diocese of Sydney, the Bishops of the Provinces, and the Bishops of the General Synod. In the interest taken in the primacy question the province question has hardly received all the attention it deserved. Excellent machinery, indeed, has been devised for making new provinces, but we are as far off as ever from seeing them. made. The proposal to form two provinces in Australia, a northern and a southern, was decidedly cold-shouldered, although it would, at least, have been according to analogy in making, a Canterbury to have provided also for a York. For Provinces conterminous with the different colonies we seem hardly yet ripe; and no grouping of dioceses on a large scale is likely to be attempted outside, the General Synod. -f~. \r as we can see, therefore, the result of the action of the Sj ? yx will be that all the practical advantages of provincial organisation will still, as hitherto, be monopolised by the dioceses in New South Wales, and that the measure in which we felt the greatest interest, and from which we expected the largest benefit, is virtually, as we predicted, postponed for another five years. 