Hasta. I STADE management in Japan is Bomewbatfll eccentric. When an actor is killed dnring*flj the pluy a man in black rushes on and holdt>:flJ a large cloak before the supposed corpse^H who rises and runs off the stage. TheflJ Bccncs arc never shifted, but the whole stage V revolves on wheels, while between the-actsifl] the children amongst the audience rush be-]flj hind the curtain and play until the drum^| beats (or another act The performance H begins at 10 a.m., and the audience pro-^fl vision themselves for 24 hours, culling them-flj 6elvcs up on mats and smoking the whóléflj time. flj £490 has been subscribed towards the fl] international regatta at Melbourne. The fl] Nelson will follow the races. -fll DETECTIVE CAMI'HIN has arrived in Sydney with the defaulting Lands Office clerk, VJ Evans, who, it will be remembered, ab-flj bcondei to " 'Frisco " with £800 of Govern- fl mont money in his possession. He has been fl committed for trial. >-v ? A YOUTH was rushing round the corner, fl saying, " All I want in this world is to layflj my hands on him 1" He presently came fl upon a boy weighing about teil"pounds more fl than himself, und rushing at hinV^he^Sz^V claimed, " Did you lick my brother Ben 7" fl " Yes, I did," said the boy, dropping his I bundle, and spitting on his hands. " Well," fl continued tho other lad, backing slowly fl away, " he needs a licking once a week to fl teach him to be civil.'' '^-^ WHEN tho Earl of Bradford was brought fl before Lord Chancellor Loughborough to be fl examined upon application for a statute of V lunacy against him, the Chancellor asked.11 him- " How many l.gs has a sheep ?"¿fl " Does your lordship mean," answered Lord^ J Bradford, " a live or a dead sheep ?" Is it y fl not the same thing ?" said the Chancellor,. fl '' No, my lord," said Lord Bradford { fl " there is much difference. A living sheep fl may have four legs, a dead sheep has only . fl two. There are bat two legs of mutton ; the^H two forelegs are shoulders." Vfl^H ROMAN CATHOLIC parents io Canada/^^^H been forbidden to send their children to . Government schools, by their clergymen/^fl under pain of deprivation of the sacrament. , fl A ojtii. was lately admitted to the Wagga fl Wagga hospital, suffering from centipede "fl poisoning, under somewhat peculiar circum- fl stances. She had killed the centipede wifh flj a broom-handle, and afterwards when psing fl the broom the venom got into her hand "flj Bomehow, and the virus soon spread through y, her arm. TUB death is announced of George Eliot (Mrs. G. H. Lewes), the well-known authoress. AN item for the fair sex ;-The reason that the wedding ring is placed on the fourth < finger is, because in thc original marriage formula il was put on the top of the thumb with the words " In the name of tho Father," then on the next finger with " And of the Son," on the middle finger with " And of the Holy Ghost," and on the fourth finger with \ " Auien." A COLONY of ;]0u0 German Mennonites from .Southern Russia is to settle in Dela ware, where .5000 acres of land have been bought for it. IA Soaso jrff-arpiraing'nt M, rfobury, S. A., on Christmas jr, Twelvetrees and Edward bing, tba latter getting ont of «lng unable to swim, Twelve - in with . clothes on. Smith other mm, and both were }§& nen of the 94th Regiment, Mob. han its headquarters at «biog towards Pretoria, the Transvaal, when they were ed by overpowering numbers In spite of a desperate re were almost completely officers and 120 men were nded, and nearly all the into the ,hande of the rebel ' the regiment succeeded in escape, and thus saved the ar», name of Joseph Schmalzbauer sd for burglary before one of Vienna. It was a common lgh, but made remarkable by punishment inflicted on the races running over a series of i ont that during his term of itrian army he had received tea t with the military cat, and nd thirty-five blows with the a species of summary punish rournal. , the late police magistrate, a sunday morning at 1 o'clock, examination has been held, ound imbedded two inches in had lodged just above the r, and as an abscess formed t eventually dropped from it, »tb. . ian was fishing in the mill-dam er, Va., he accidenttly threw a strong white duck, which, rig round, twited the gut neck, and fixed the hook of in her breast. Thus co oked, she soon broke off the Iropper, and sailed down the und of the fly trailing behind not proceeded far before a i pound and a half look the Then commenced a struggle Y as ever was witnessed-a pper, and a large trout at the Whenever the trout exerted : of the duck was very con ttered ÜB wings and dragged n the trout was more quiet tly gave nay, and suffered her n under some bushes, where if the gut did not allow the r herself. The duck's head drawn under the water. By r, the gut Igot across a branch irn wards into the water ; and ig advantage of the purchase e her, dragged his opponent nd obliged him to show his er. Then it beoame a contest b. The trout was in is last e duck in a very weak state, broke and suffered them to n way.-American pfizer, on Mv. Norton closed on V verdict of wilful murder was it Mrs. Wilkie, the Irish agitators-Mr. C. S. irteen of his allies-has begun .t of Qoeeo's Bench, Dublin, composed of eight Roman 3 Protestants, and one Quaker, islice May, who was on the e proceedings were initiated, reading a statement justify ;e used regarding the traversers nts when application was made i tiial. The Right Hon. J. D. the Right Hon. C. R. Barry lg Judges, o the outrages committed in ipe has again uttered his coo thena. , There is no increase iges ; 'but what has now come " Boycotting " is developing, ighting is now taking place ighb' and soldiers at Dublin. Africa we learn that the Boei treading, and the insurgente ither town-Utrecht. Instruc i sent ¡to India for the dispatch thence to Naval. It is sup leaders of che rebels disapprove re of the men of the 94th ce the speedy release of those ih troops whom" they took riana were successful in thc Cricket Match, \y 3 runs anc . Gregory secured the batting ; loose at Echuca accojjpügu^ Melbourne in % 'uoar6 3* b is unparalleled ' town, during sj^vi^ on a re abb&tb; morilug, the paator'i nearly tbrej summers, becami iried at t,}e extreme length o and in rather a low tone o yearjestly, said, to the grea TEose who sat near her that enough, let's go home." Pout has discovered a human whistles " Pinafore " airs ti and makes them want to b boat (midnight) from Sydnc; 3 Bald Rock Ferry, Balmain night, a passenger namoi 'illly fell overboard. The pas mable to render effective assis Irowning man, but fortunatel, illy, hearing tho alarm, jumpa 1 the man, who was sinking th Chis is the fourth occasion dut it year that Captain Connell Heans of saving life, and this i HtUe tmrty-oiglith life he has saved. H| His Honor Judge Mcfarlane, has, accord Hing to all accounts, got himself into very bc ^?rater down at Bega. The newspapers hav ^?oudly clamoured for an investigation, an ^Ebe Sydney Press are beginning to follow i Hnlie same strain. The accusations mad rigainst his Honor refer to his coudiict off th Jench, which is said to incline too much ' ' what gods call gallantry." f HEY tried to. kill n book agent at Omah last weeli. Ho was robbed, tbrowu into tl ! rifer, knocked off the cars, tossed: off a . high bridge into the river again, and in two hours he was around with an illatsrated Bible trying to get a subscription from the head of the attacking party. A BLACKWOOD preacher, speaking on the subject of getting to heaven, said, " My brethern, it is as impossible for a sinner to get to heaven in his sins, as for the best horseman in this congregation to ride a streak of lightning through a crab-apple tree without getting scratched." FEW men (says the Gulgong Advocate) in their lifetime have been so near death as was the case on Monday last with one of the reapers engaged harvesting ut Mr. Buckley's farm, Tallewang. He had jost knelt dovrn to tie a sheaf of wheat, when he heard a squeak, just such as a mouse would make. He immediately sj rang to his feet and found that he had been kneeling on a deaf-adder. The reptile was afterwards killed. As a coloured boot-black was passing down-town bar-room and fruit store in Richmond, U.S., he picked np a stump of a cigar in the gutter and went into a store and asked for a match. He was met with the reply, " We don't keep matches to give away." The boy started out, but stopped at the door, turnod back, and asked the ; proprietor, " Do you sell 'em ?" He pnrohassed a box, paid his two cents, and lighted the stump ; after which he closed the box and asked the proprietor to put it on the shelf, and said, " Nest time a gem'an asks you for a match, give him one out o' my box. THE Imperial OÍ Madrid publishes aa amus ing account of a terrible duel at Valparaiso. A quarrel between two professors of music led to a challenge, the instrument selected being neither pen nor sword, but the piano. The conditions of "the ' encounter ' were that neither party should eat nor drink until honour had been declared duly satisfied, snd that no waltzes or other lively airs should be indulged in. Seconds were appointed, and the duel proceeded without intermission for 48 hours, at the end of the time one of the musicans, after playing a ' Misere'* for the hundred and fiftieth time, fell forward, and sank eshaustod to the flooi. He was taken up a corpse. His adversary had been literally transformed into an ' enraged musican,' and was in that state removed to the hospital. The seconds themselves gare signs of being seriously ' touched,' and each of the pianos was found to be in a'helplessly and crazy con dition. Such, at least, is the result of the medical examination. GEORGE HUGMAN was remanded on Tuesday, for seven days, for a diabolical out rage on a woman in Collingwood, Melbourne, on Christmas Ere. The police were at tracted to the spot by the woman's cries, and the raffian was arrested. The woman is in the hospital in a critical state. " I wonder, uncle," said a little girl, " if men will ever yet live to be 500 or 1000 years ?" " No, my child," responded the old men ; " that was tried once, and the race grew so bad that the world had to be drowned." A MARRIED woman, residing at Benbullen, was brutally assaulted and ravished by a man late on Sunday night. Sergeant Shillin^ton, on being communicated with, at once proceeded with constable Phillips in search of the offender ; and after a hard day's riding succeeded in capturing him, and brought him back the following night. The prisoner was brought up before a local J. P., identified, and remanded. A RUSSIAN statistician has amused him self calculating the distance travelled in a year by the hand of a printer. He takes the principle that a skilful compositor, working ten hours a day, allowing for distribution and correction, sets op 12,000 letters. In count ing the year at 300 working days, he makes then a total of 3,600,000 letters. Conse quently the distance from the case to the stick and from the stick to the caBe being estimated at two feet, making in all 7,200,000 feet, there being 23,500 teet in a geographical mile, so that the distance made in a year under these conditions by a printer's hand is in the neighbourhood of 300 miles, or a mile a day. THOVOH it smacks very much of an old yarn colonised, the' following, from the Auckland Star, is worth beii g sent " OD the round " :-In the days when two or three regiments of the Imperial troops were stationed at Tauranga, there resided in the township a storekeeper who was a great worshipper at the shrine of Bacchus. He was what some people called an " unlucky dog," being to some extent unsuccessful in all his transactions, and be invariably ex claimed, " Confeund it ; just like my luck." Well, one evening he had taken much more than was good for bim, and whilst staggering along the oe-netery grounds, through which he had to pass before reaching home, he foll into a newly-made grave, and there went off to Bleep. At 5 o'clock in the morning be was Buddenly awakened by the bugle sound ing the reveille, Opening his eyes and looking round, he perceived that he was in a grave, and thinking he had died aud been buried, he exclaimed, " Confound it ; just like my usual luck. I've been and missed the resurrection 1" The incident is a true one, and a person now resident at the Thames was passing at the time the tipsiologist was thus soliloquizing. WE recently quoted a notice of a cele brated lady whose character was viewod from one 6tand-point. Since then wo have dipped another which shows a much nobler picture. Self-sacrifice is an infallible test of true affection. An American paper says :-" The adage * truth is stranger than fiction' is for cibly exemplified ia the romantic life and death of Adelaide Neilson. As a fitting final to her remarkable career of brilliant professionals triumphs and calami tous fate, it is now stated that the naval officer who claimed her remains at the morgue and gave them Christian burial in England, was her disconsolate suitor, Bear-Admiral Glyn, B.B., to whom, rumour Bays, she bequeathed the gre Uer portion of her property, amounting to 200,000 dollars. He wus willing to brave the displeasure of his intimate friend, the Prince of Wales, if Miss Neilson would cousent to the proffered marriage, wUlob-'his Boyal - Highness later dieted. Bat the actress would not permit her lover to incar the Rojal displeasure by such a maalliance. She carried her secret with her to the grave. Hoir truly devoted she was to her ardent admirer is best attested by her singular will. THE editor of a newspaper out west has discovered a way of beeping eggs from spoiling. His method is to eat them while they are fresh. A CAT was so rash as to lick the cheek of a young lady of improved complexion, and in a few more minutes was no more. Young : gentlemen will please take notice, j TUE Detroit Free Press says that women can puff their hair without calling for the aid of newspapers. Perhaps they can ; bnt when they want to puff the rear of their dresses they frequently call in the aid of the press, and make considerable bustle about it. A LEASE recently recorded at Lowell, Mass., gives the use of certain premises for " the term of her natural life," and further down exacts a pledge from the lessee that she will " quit and deliver up the said pre mises peaceably and quietly at the end of the term." THE Mark Lane Express gives publicity to a statement to the effect that bran which has been saturated with a solution of akim and nitre, if scattered on each round of sheaves when rioks are being built, will keep rats and mice from the rick. PAUL PITMAN, a groom at the Caledonian Hotel, Tamworth, picked up a roll of £285 in noies in Peel-street the other day. Like an honest man, he straight away handed them to the police superintendent. ' ANOLO-AUSTEALIA* writes.-' The slow ness of the Trickett-Hanlan race goes for nothing, as there was no tide to speak of, and for at least three miles the winner simply played with his opponent. It does not look much of a beating, this three length's ; but, beyond doubt, Haman, if he had rowed his hardest all the way instead of indulging in tricks which were risky and io bad taste, could have won by at least a quarter-of-a mile. Indeed, how many,good judges say he might, had be liked, have been half a mile in front at the finish. So thorough and complete a triumph over a champion has seldom or never been witnessed in England, and whether or not my surmise bc correct that Trickett was stale aid unfit, my convic tion emphatically is, that Hanlan is far and away the better man, and would always beat him whenever they met in a match over four miles of water, if not, indeed, under any circumstances, and over any distance." 