"CARLYLE'6 REMINISCENCES" TO THE KIMTOU OF TUB HYDNKY DAILY TKLBMIAPR. fair, — The above moat mtcreuttng publication every body haw read, I among the number. I would have rend it with intense interest and curiosity, as coming from Carlyle, but that interest was enhanced from the iacttuat no enu ot condemnation hub been thrown at Mr. Froudo for having published portions of the book. From all sources wo hoar of charges of indiscretion, thoughtlessness, imprudence in publishing what Car lyle said of other literary tuen, family revelations that should have been suppressed, die., dsc. All this con demuation has been thrown at the head of Mr.Froude with various degrees of violence and fury. With all this ringing in my ears I commenced to read the book, in the expectation of iitiding in every page some grounds for thu many accusations above al luded to. I read on, page after page of the first volume, could scu nothing to find fault with ; on to the end of the first volume with the same result; commenced the second volume, and through to the end of it ; and I now assert there must be thousands and thousands who will join me In saying that Mr. Froudu did well to publish every line aud word he has douc, and, I am sure, with Carlyle's entire approbation, bad he been now living. If Carlyle did not wish that these Kemiuicences should ever appear in print, his course was plain and simple, namely, to (mm the manu script ; instead of which he delivers it over to Mr. Froudo to be published, leaving with Mr. Froudo a discretionary power of suppressing auy nortions he saw fit. We don't know what portions Mr.Froude suppressed, if auy ; but I am sure the thanks of the public are uuc to Mr. Froudc for giving us one of the most charming books that ever fell from the press, full of deep profound thought, noble pictures of the most loviug devotion, as well us of thu struggles, toils, and disappointments of a truly great and powerful intellect, fight'iug, sometimes, for bare exis tenet. The pathos and sublime of uM this is to be seen in almost every page, and Mr. Froiide judged well in keeping back nothing that concerned Thomas Carlyle, the greatest intellectual force of our times. Lord Byron, it is well known, confided to Moore a manuscript hearing upon his quarrel with his wife. Moore foolishly destroyed this. Jivron intended that he should publish it, unci if he had done so, the public, at least, would have been the gainer. Everything bearing upon our illustrious men, es pecially what they themselves havo left behind them in the shape of manuscript, should be freely given to the public. The public have a right to it, and an executor fails in his duty, if, through mere squoam ishness and false delicacy, he deprives us of matter of so much interest. I therefore think that the public owe a debt of gratitude to Mr. Froudo for giving us this book complete and entire, nmnut.ilatod by the ignorant hand of a false aud spurious delicacy. But I would like if some one woald tell us specifically what they blauii Mr. Fronde for. I have just linishoii the book with no other feeling but that of liigu '.'rati fication, auci with an utter incapacity to detect the slightest wrong done by Mr.Froude touching thin pub lication. The first volume treats of Curly le's father and Edward Iriving. While that of the fatherinight well havo been »uppre«scil, for want of interest, surely there is scarcely anything in the English language liner than his dissertation upon Irving. It is full of great thoughts and far-reaching speculations upon life's mystery, clothed with a quiet resignation ami piety to God. and expressed with asimp'e beauty and eloquence which belongs of all writers to Carl v? nltme. This closes the first volume, and from beginning to end the most fastidious could not take exception to a single word. The second volume opens with ao account of Lord Jeffrey, then follows Mrs. Carlyle, and the votuuio closes with an appendix which speaks main!-' of S mthey and Wordsworth, and casually of \\) t Quinney and Shelley, and, at another place, of Cliancs Lamb. Now, suppose that Carlvlo had cut the literary reputation of those men in ribbon, and descanted upon their faults and peculiarities, with all the unrivalled force of bis rare eloquence and graphic power of description, right or wrong, would this have been uninteresting to uh? On the contrary, would itnot have been of the deepest inte rest to us, and would not Mr. Froudc have been foolish in the extreme had ho suppressed ft word of it in difference to the cant of a squeamish and mealy- mouthed politeness and pretended refinement which, wherever it exists, had no existence in the stern, strong, and uuuly nature of such a man as Carlyle ? Wo wanted, above all things, Carlvle's opinions of such men as those spoken of above ; and, however, denunciatory it might have been, it could not havo exceeded what was saidof Southcvand Wordsworth, during their lifetime, by Jeffrey, "in the Jir.vkWy and by Lord Byron constantly. Yet the Press never - attacked them for this. Bnt Carlyla can scarcely be blameablo here, inasmuch as ho speaks highly of Jeffrey's genius, and also of both Wordsworth's and Southcy'a, and says not a word de rogatory to any of them as men. Shelley he does injustice to,- but ho is quite entitled to his opinion, and surely Mr, Froudo is not to be censured for letting us know it. Shelley was greater than a score of Wordsworths or Southejp, and time will attest this and a good deal more in reference to Shelley. Carlyle speaks of Shelley thus ' " To me, also, Shelley always was, and is, a kind of ghastly object, colorless, pal«id, without health or warmth or vigour; the sound of Una shriek', frosty, as if a ghost were tiying to sing to us ; the temperament of him spas modic hysterical, instead of strong or robust, with fine affections and aspirations, gone all such a road— a man infinitely too weak -for that solitary scaling of tbo Alps, which he undertook in spite of all the world — a haggard existence that of his.' This is all that Carlyle says of Shelley. The opinion is erroneous, as the intelligence of the world will admit. . greater poet than Shelley has lived since the dayn ot ShaKepearc. While thousands hold this opiniou surely Carlyle is not to be blamed for holding a dif ferent opinion, much less Mr. Froude for publishing it. Sure enough Carlyle sneers at Charles Lamb, but can any one imagine Charles Lamb— and people liko- him— being anything but a sad bore to such a man as» Carlyle; and how impatient his strong, earnest nature would be of their sorry jokes. Of Jeffrey Carlyle speaks in high terms; he is fully aware of hts fine intellect and many great qualities. He ad mires him as a mimic, as an advocate, as a reviewer and as a man, and even says of him, M That had they not kneaded him into the shape of an Edinburgh reviewer, and clothed tho soul of him in Whig formulas blue and yellow, he might have been a beautiful Goldoni too, or something better in that kind, and havo given us comedies and tcrial pictures true aud pathetic, of human life in a far other way.' He is not blind either to Jeffrey's fine charitable disposition, mentioning this note, received by Jeffrey from poor Jlazlitt, and Jeffrey's action on it:— "Dear sir, — I am dying ; can you send me £10, and so con summate your many kindnesses to me ? — W. llnzlitt/ This note to Jeffrey was sent by Carlyle's brother to Carlyle, and delivered by him to Jeffrey. Carlylo adds — "Jeffrey with true sympathy at once wroto a cheque for £o0, and poor Hazlitt died in peace front dans at least." Jeffrey' at this time, or at any time, was not overburdened with money ; he was a. leading Edinburgh advocate in great practice, no doubt, but living in great style, with two splendid mansions — one in town and one in conntrv — and pro bably had much need of this £50 wliich'be so gene rously parted with. Carlyle and Jeffrey could not hit it ns regards contributions to the Edinburgh. Review — Carlvlo waH too "dreadfully in earnest" ior Jeffrey. His keen piercing Intellect penetrated too far into the depth of things for Jeffrey or his Review. and so misunderstandings arose, and Carlyle parted company with the Review, lie only wrote tlireo articles for it, namely, " Characteristics," " German Literature," and an essay on Burns. Two of theso articles — " Burns" and " Characteristics" — in point of eloquence, profound original thought, . and varied pnwer, are superior to anything that has ap peared in the Edinburgh Review from tho day of its birth up to this time. Tho nuthor of ".Sartor Rcsartus" was too ninny for tho ablest of the Edinburgh reviewers, and Brougham especially dreaded hiH rivalry, and so Carlyle carried his contributions elsewhere. Such Revietcj as his "Johnson" and "Sir Walter Scott' will amply bear out what I have said above, aud abundantly prove how great a loss tho Edinburgh Review sustained in losing such a contributor ao Thomas Carlyle. The portion of the " Reminiscences' that treats of Mrs. Carlyle is the only portiou that re mains for consideration, and I cannot for my life imagine who could take offence at one single word of this. It is, in the main, a noble picture of a generous, devoted woruau and wife ; of her sufferings and Ivor fine hearing under thein, nnd tiual exit. Affording glimpses of the anguish of a fond husband'rt lacerated heart as he contemplated tho agony of intolerable suffering not susceptible of imme diate relief. Here is a fair sample of all that is written of his devoted and loving help mate of 10 years, beautiful and pathetic enough, all true men will admit. " Oh, my dear one, sad is my son! for the loss of thee", and wiil be to the end as X computed ! Lovelier creature there is not hcnccfortH in'this world ; neither person, work, or thing going on in it that is of any value, in comparison, or even at all. Death I feel almost daily in express fact, death is the one haven ; and have occasionally a kind of kingship, sorrowful, hut sublime, almost God-like, iu the feeling that that is nigh. Sometimes tlio image of her, gone in her car of victory, 'in that beautiful death, and as if nodding to luc with a smile, ' I am gone, loved one ; work a little longer, if thou still carcst; if not, fol low. There is uo baseness and no misery here. Courage, courage to thu last.' That sometimes, ad in this moment, is inexpressibly beautiful to inc, and comes nearer to bringing tears than it once did.' Eternal thanks to Mr. Eroude for giving us such pas sages as this. Those who can't appreciate its pathoa mid its beauty may rcjoico in their insensibility, those who can have a higher cnjoynientof life if they Yours. Ac.. DAVID lllTCtl ANAtf Sydney, July 1 J, Chambers, 115 Kiizabcth-atrcct. 