UNFAILING HOPE. By tho Rev. J. P. Chown, of Bradford, " Why art thcra oast down, O my soul ? ana why ni thou disquieted within ma ? Hope thou iii God : for I shall yet praise Him, who ia tho hoalth of my oorratenanoe, and my God."-PSALM xlii. 11. WH all know, belovod frionds, that in every BOTASO the Christian life is a conflict. The enemies! to bo encountered are very many and vory mighty, but it is' very frequently the case that tho most of them and the worst of thom aro to bo found within our own souls. In Bunyan's Allegory you remombor that Nanson! would nevor havo been talton by the powers of Diabolua who were gathered round, had it not boen that thor« wcro sympathisers with Diabolua among tho citizens within tho walls, and it was when they had porauadod thoir follow-oitizana to consent io a parley at Ear Gate, that thoy might thus como to Borne kind of torrns with Di°.bolu3, that cood Mr. Resolution waB shot down within tho city, and then tho state of things was soon decided, and thoy fell into the hands of tho onerny. Our Lord told Ilia dis- ciples, you will remember, onono occasion, that lhere ¿night como a time when a man'n worst enomica Would be those of hia own houaohold. There aro times in the life of every Christian man whon ho fools that his worst enomies are those of the house- hold within hiB bosom. Remembor how it waa with tho apostle Paul. With all the pnraaoution ho had to enoounter, with all tho foes that mot him wherever his face was tnrnod, and with all tho assaults of hell and sin that ho had to grapple with, it was the lurk- ing depravity within hia own hoirt, it was tho law of his members warring against tho law of his soul, and it waa the oonsoiouancBs of his own unworthinosa, that led him to fear leo!, after preaching to othora, ho himsolf should provo a castaway. Thoro waa (something like this in tho oxparionoo of the Psalmist, und in the wordB to which I ask your attontion you Will eaaily porooivo how ho had to reinonatrato wibh himself. In "Tho Interpreter" with reference to the posaa^e you will find that tho commentator mentions that David is speaking to himsolf aR -though ho woro two men, and ho quoton good old Trapp as saying that hero was David ohi-iiDg David .out of tho dumps in which his spirit had boon np to ihat time bound and desolate. Now let na turn to thrso words, noticing the state al mind in whioh the Psalmist was and Christians J3otnotimea aro-tho soul caet down and disquieted within us ; noticim?, in the aecond place, the desirable- ness of tho investigation tho Psalmist inatituted when te said, " Why art thou cast down ? " noticing, in the third place, tho counsnl tho Psalmist addresaes his own spirit, " Hopo thou m God ; " and, in tho fourth place, the asBuranoo in which the Psalmist rejoices, .-" I shall yet praiso bim, who is the health of my Wttntentmoe, and roy God." .The state of mind in whiuh the Pdalmiat waa, and In whioh many Christiana aro at varied periods in .their earthly exporieneo, and somo ol' thom vory much more than othora. It is little to bo wondered _t, indeed, if there aro moments when tho BOUI of tho most sanguine and trusting and confident is in somo measure caat down. There aro periods when there is such an accumulation cf griuf and anxiety and tribulation, when Isrrol aces not morely tho raging .floa of tribulation and trial before, but th>i Btill more raging armies of Pharaoh tho destroyer in pursuit 'behind, and when there seoma an accumulation of difficulty and danger in whioh the soul may well bo .cast down. You remember in referenco to our ?blessed Lord Himself, how iu tho b.iptism of griof .and sorrow through which Ho passed thero nevor .Beemed a moment but biought ita trial, and never a day but laid its desolation upon His spirit-, aa Ho tore our transgression : but thero oaroo a timo when .all these burdens seemed to bo joinod together, and He said-" My soul is excodiug sorrowful, even .tinto death," His own aoul in somo mensuro waa ?cast down within Him undflr tho bnidcn of our guilt _nd shamo. You will call to mind that somotimca the servants of God may be not morely likotho dia ?oiplea whon thoy wcro in tho tempest and tho Lord brought thom holp, but like Pani and hia fellow mariners when they saw nothing of tho sun nor stars for many days and Dights together, and tho tempest was Boro upon thom, and all hope of safety had passed away, and when oven tho strongest faith moy waver for the moment though<it doea not loavo tho Boni, and the BOUI ia cast down. Tiieao trials spring from manifold sources, some- times from the man himself, sotnotimea from thoao that avo dear to him, liko Job, when they told him his family at ono fell swoop had been deatroyed ; liko poor Eli, when bia brolion heart was ulled with grief and nimmo about his sons ; Uko poor David, when with bowod spirit and desolated soul he Baid, " 0 Absolom, my son, would to God I had died_ for theo ; O Absalom, my sou." Snmotimoa it springs from the man's physical condition, when ho ia Tacked with pain, oppressed with woakness that prostrates the mind and distraota tho soul, whon ho knows something of tho meaning of tho oxprosaion, " this Vue body." And ¡Bomotirnea it may apring from his mental exoroiso of trial, whon ho ia ready to S'»y witti the Psalmist, ''Thy waves and thy billows are cone ovor mo ; deep calloth unto deep at tho noiso of thy watorapouta." There are Bomo very exoollont Christian pooplo who aro very much prodisposod in ono way or anotlior to this state of mind, and Sometimos they yield to it till really it soomB as though any other stato or exporionoo wore ftlmoHt tho exception. Why, they never BOO a "eiond rising tut thoy think it ia a thun deroloud, and contains within its bosom tho bolts of doatrnotion that aro euro to emito thom and lay them low, when at tho samo timo it ia only big With moroy and about to break in bloaaings on their head. They aro ready aomotimos to soy, "Hath God forgotten to bo gracious?" when it ia only thoy Who have forgotton to bo gratofnl. Thoy aro prono to.whinpor in any chango in their oiroumatanoos, "All these things aro againat mo ;" when it is juBt thon moro than ovor that all thoao things aro working togotnor for thoir good. i" ' Boforo wo rfiich tho hoavonly fields, , Tho opening hoiivciiB around mo shiuo, Whon JcBits shown His mercy mino. Do not, brothron, yiuld to that spirit. You say. " It was wintry gloom that was around mo this morning." Well, tho sun ÍB Bhining now ¡ the living beam of the divine glory ia poured iu to molt the snow and okoso away the signs of roturning winter, and to bring tho springtime bud, and summer beauty, and autumnal blessing. Do not be contont to dwell in that stato without knowing all about it that you oan know, booauso it may bo dieoovorod that it is utterly un- worthy of you aud of your Father loo, that it dooa not bring comfort to your aoul aud does not bring glory lo God. Now lot us lum to tho investigation itaolf for a inomont, for to thal I altaoh conaidorablo import auoo, fcolintr the ncccaaify for it on two or throo acoounta. In tho first place, I think, Chriatiau people thua tiiod and troublod, you do woll to ask of yonrsolvoa, as tho Psalmist did, why it is, because it ¡B very of ton for want of asking the question that you aro in that stato au all. It is all for want of thought, want of inquiry, want of seeking out tho explanation for it. It ia for tho lack of thought ungodly mon can live in frivolity, and it it for tho lack of thought that godly mon live in doubt and melancholy and gloom. It is booauso tho wiokod dare not think and do not, that thoy aro not smitten down in self-reproach and oondomnation ; and it is because tho rightoons loo often do not thinK, that therefore thoy are smitten down in disappointment an'l sorrow and gloom, from whioh one hour's inquiry al tho throne of praoo would lift their spiritB up ontiroly, bring them out of tho horriblo pit and the miry clay, sot their foot upon a rooli, cnfcabliah their goir.gs, and put a uow song into their mouth, ovon piaiao for ovcrmoro. I would aay, in tho second place, the inquiry should bo made beonnao generally, if not entirely, it would bo found that in the divino cooalinga Ihero really waa no causo whatever for the soul to bo oaat down at all. Tho very form of tho quostion implies that. " Why art thou caatdown?" Really, the Psalmist docs not know of any reaaon why it should bo, and ho speaka to bia aoul like another man, as " Tho Interpreter" Buys, of whom ho was surprised and almost ashamed. '" Why art thou cast down ?" Tho very inquiry is put in suoh a form that it snggoata that there is no really satisfactory answer, and tho ounaol of asauranoo that follows sustains that " Hopo thou in God ; for I shall yet praiao him." The soul Biys, '. I am iu trouble." Very likoly ; but thon all mon aro in trouble at times. '* Man is born to trouble as tho sparks fly upward." You aro in trouble. Very possibly j but think, O soul, what trouble yon would have had if it had not been for Him who boro tho trouble of your guilt and sin in His own body upon tho cross. Contrast your present position with what it must havo beon then. Yon say you aro in trouble. Very likoly; but there ia not a partiólo of it but is under the control of infinite love and infinito wisdom. This very troublo shall only Borve to wean you from that by which you would bo injured and weakened if not destroyed. Thoso that aro in glory havo come through great tribulation, and it ia through much tribulation that you must ontor in. You aro in trouble. Possibly so ; but remombor it io only in connection with tho erando at and nobleat mon that have ever lived, and ov«n with tho Lord Jesua Christ Iiimsolf. Think of Paul and Silas makin-; midnight melodious, and turning the prison and the inner dnnreon of the prison into a templo lo God's praiao. Think of tho noble martyr-spirits who marched to burning stakes with songs, as though to a wedding feaat. Then thora is a third reason why the question should bo aßkod, and that is because very frequently tho answor to it will bo found in the aoul itself. It will not bn found in tho surrounding circumstances eo much, bcoau30 I believe wo mateo our own sur- roundings, and whero tka grace of the Spirit of God dwolls in a man it will aproad spiritual power and in fluonoo and light and love and joy all round. It will certainly not bo found in the Biblo, for ita every page Í3 rioh with blessings, and its »wry word reminds you of tho divine iaithfulnoss and the joy that is un utlorablo and full of glory. lb will not bo found in jour Maater, for it hath pleased the Pather that in Him all falnoss should dwell, fulnosa that Bhould satisfy every need, and proparo you for ovory trial, sustain you under every sorrow, and bleas y ou for evormoro. This investigation comes, I was going to Bay, in the shape of a dialogue, only there 13 no response from tho aoul in the toxt. May I be your sonl for a momout, dear friends ? Some of you aro apt to tall: to your aoul sometimes rather strongly, and to accuae it of weakness and cowardice and the rent ; and yon may address your soul as though it woro a second person that you aro eurpriscd at, and aahamod of almost. Well, may I answer for your soul a moment about thia being cast down? You say, "Why art thou cast down, O myeoul; why art thou disquiotod within mo?" May I speak for your soul? Well, I say, " Yon havo not bcon into that oloBot for prayor of late. You oxpeot me to bo strong, and donot-tako me whero I canrouew my strength, but you tako mo whore I am always being burdened and woakonod mid downcast. You remember that timo when your M at in tho sanctuary haa boen vaoaut, and yon will probably lind an answor to it. You uaod to tako mo thoro every Lord's Day, and I uacd to leap up withiu yon, and you ftltliko anowlifo. I used to fetid npou the manna, and lo, how it strengthened my arm, and what power it travo to my cyo aud muaio to my voice. But instead of that you havo gone there aomotimes and havo uot taken mo ; you havo left mo aomotimea on tho Saturday locked up among the day-booka and ledgers. Sometimes you have imprisoned mo in the safe, and aomotimoa you havo Bent mo on all kinds of foolish orranda. Yon fisk mo ' Why art thou cast, down ?' Look at that r.coumlation of norioaicals and papors that has gathorod ovor your Biblo. You have not looked into that book as you uaod to do. Yon used to give me a morning moal that gavo me strength for a period long to como. You seom to havo forgot- ten that. You hayo said in tho morning lhere was not limo ; tho book was not opened, nnd my strom;th has no1 bflen rouowed, and now I am caat d&wn.; lie member all tho accumulation of worldlineon and caro and greed aud sinful indulgence that you havo heaped upon mo till I havo boon buried under it and could not move. And what did you say to mo the othor night? You said, ' Soul, soul, enjoy thyaolf ; thoa haat goods laid up in storo for many yoara ; the barna ai o full and I am going to build largor, O BOUL' le waa a morey for you that your soul waa notoallod from you aa iu tho caso of one of old. Then whoso would theso things havo boon?" My good frionda, forgivo mo if I have endeavoured thus to pipoak for the soul, booauso mon may plead with thoir BOUI and find fault with thoir aoul, and for- got on tiroly whoro tho explanation is lo bo found. ' Tho counsel tho Paalmist addresses to bia BOUI, "Hopo thou in God." Thoro is tho oounsol, dear brethren, for you all. Turn to ono or two illustra- tions. Look at thoao thrco Hobrow youths. Thoy aro told they must worship that groat yallow banblo upon tho plain, boforo whioh tho king and tho mighty onos aro all bont. "No no." " Woll, if you will not you mnat bo cant into tho fnrnaeo." " Wo oro not careful about that," they say ; " tho Lord whom wo sorvo, ho oan deliver na, and ho will deliver ua." Thoy hoped in God ; thoir souls wero not oast down, or disquiefcod ; and lions could not destory, and fiâmes oould not burn tho souls that hopod in God as they did. Look at Martin Luther whon his enemies aro like, raging lions gathorod rouud him, and ho is cast into prison and all things look dark and threatening, and a common aoul might be disquieted and oast down. " No," ho says, " lotuB sing the 4Gnh Psalm, . God ia our refuge and strength, a very presont help ; fchoreforo will'nofc wo fear though the mountains bo romovod." His soul ia not oaBt down. Ho hopoa in God. What say you,-tho stream Í3 dried up ? Woll, in all probability it is, in moroy it has, for if that had continued you had never gone to tho fountain. Hope thou in God, for if you can say, " God ia my salvation," with joy shall you draw water out of tho WOIIB of salvation. What do you say-your strongth ia oxhauoted and you aro foeblo and havo no power loft? Thon hopo thou in God, for thoy that wait upon tho Lord shall renew thoir strength. " Hopo thou in God." Thoro is tho remedy, thoro is tho ouro for tho soul, thoro ia tho balm for the wound, thoro ia Iho cnnlight for tho darkness. .' nopo thou in God, for I shall yoi praiso him, who iu tho health of my countenance, and my God." Brethren, it is not enough that you should simply fool that by God'a grace yon walk without diseredit ing the divine character, or that you aro true to tho doctrino ; you ara to adorn the dootrino ; ypur lifo is tobo filled with praino to God. The Cnriatian lifo is a life of praiao. Why, you aro a chosen generation, a royal priesthood. What for? " To show forth tho praisoof him who hath called you out of darknosa into his marvellous light." Let thero bo moro prayer and thoro will bo mora praiso. Tho G7th Psalm is only a short one ; it has but seven voraes it it, but the first is prayer and tho last praiao. The first says " God bloos U3 ;" and the seventh says " God Bhall bices UH ; and all the erda of the earth shall fear him." It ia thus that p-ayer and praiso go togothor Uko twin graces of tho Holy Ghost ; and whpn tho church baa attained toits glory, " pray or shall bo offered for it continually, and daily shall Ho bo praiaod." Ah, thoro aro those of you who aro not in trouble, but should be-thoao of whom I havo spoken alroady, who oan livo in frivolity beonuao thoy live without thought, who can live unooucornod bocauso thoy will not seo what ought to fill th^m with doep and intenso concern, and who can stand unabashed in the pre- sence of that God against whom thoy aro sinning, in- stead of falling down in godly son ow and ponitenoo, because thoy put the knowledge of His oharaoter and dealings from thom. To you I say, turn to the Lord and receive His grace this morning. Thero is graoo for you. " Depth of mercy, can thero bo Mercy for a aoul liko mo?" . you aro ready to say. Yes, mercy, in tho dopth of whose fulness every sin shall bo washed away ; morey, in the all-embracing arma of whoso love all prodigals and penitent ones shall bo gathered logothor; graoo, in the f ulnoBB and depth of whoso provision you shall havo gracobolow and glory abovo, songs ot pardon now, songs of earnest anticipation now, and ero long songs that aro to blend with all the BongB that are over swelling round that throne where otornal noon- tide from tho presonoo of tho Lamb pours its glory into evory soul, and whore there is gladnosa and joy for over. 