liOCAL NE WS. ' Hospital. — Report for the week ending 1 : yesterday: — Admitted, 1 ; discharged, 1'; died, 0 ; out-pniieatP, 19; remaining in hospital, li ; total treated, 31. Preparations for the Volunteer Ball to be held in the Town Hill or, Friday next are m iking satisfactory progress, and as this form of entertainment is popular, we have no doubt the .able managers of the fete will find success attend their efforts. TtVO of a gang of card slnrpevA who were passengers from Brisbane by the ' Keilawarra*' on Saturday caught a flat on lnard, whom they swindled of £9. Tijc matter becoming known, Captain South -communicated with the police, the consequence being nil airestand appearauce at the Police Court. After a dreary spell of tbe driest of weather, Heaven opened her ilood-gates last night, and treated Maryborough to an hour's heavy rain, accompanied by much thunder. The streets speedily became foaming torrents of muddy water, and the hearts of the multitude over flowed with gratitude. The Imperial Agioscope, to which we re» ferred in a previous issue, will furnish interest- « 'ng aud pleasing entertainment in .tbe Town Hill this evening. The attractions arc duly set forcb in advertisement, and are so promising that the amusement-seeking public may reason ably expect to get their money's worth, aud ? good houses may be looked for by tbe careful ;ind enterprising managers. The following tenders for the construciion of the eccoiid section of ibe Bundabergaud Mount Perry Railway were opened at tbe oQiceof the Commissioner for Railways;, Brisbane, on Fri day last:— J. and A. Ov^rcnd,. £127,311 17s. lOd. ; John Robb, £125,925 ',18s. ; J. O'Brirn and Co., £109,9(12 Is. 2d. ; 'Neil M-Neill and Co., £117,927 2s. 4d. ; O'Rourke aud Al'Sharry, £112,502 Os. 10d.; Henry Jubb, £117,209 1 8s. lJd. ; George Bashford, £116,010 12s. 0-1 ; Moliue aud King, £116.258 4s. 10J. An acceptable step in the direction of popu larising our railway has been made by the authorities in announcing excursion trains ou the Gympie race days, to-morrow and Thursday. ? A special train will leave tbe Maryborough station ut 7 a.m. each day, leaving Gympic ? again at C p.m., thus allowing excursionists to witness the sport. The fares will be do accord ance with excursion rates, viz., single fares for the double journey, or in other words, 15s. 3d. for first class, and 10*. 2d. sscoftd class return , tickets. THB numerous passengers by the Queensland from Brisbane were enabled to boast of haying, last seen the ships of the ^British Squadron in Queensland waters; that steamer liaVing 'cleared Cape Moreton just astern of 4hp -'war ?csspl6*. The latter could be seen during ihe enrly part of the night steaming seacard, and actively engaged signalling by flashes of light The ' Queensland's'1 passengers were also afforded another novelty in the shape of divine service, .which was conducted on Suhday morning by the Rev. J, 'W. Heory, of Gayndah; largely attea4ed by passengers unscrew. ! aV Ihe police Court, yesterday, before the iP«*-lice Magistrate, Charles Anthony pleaded guilty to drunkenness, and was discharged. John Sullivan and Thomas Rowland were charged with playing an unlawful game on board the stenmcr KeilaWarra on the passage from Brisbane to Maryborough, Mr. C. Powers appeared for the defendants, and nt the request of Inspector Lloyd, the hearing of tho case was adjourned until this morning at ten o'clock. Prisoners were admitted to bail, each on his own rccognisauce of £3, aud ouc surety of £3. The mauy friends of Mr. Edwin Thomas, who for the last twelve years has been identi fied with tbe A.J.S. Bank in Maryborough and Gympie will be interested iu learning that ho is about to be transferred to the management of the Gladstone branch of that bankiug insti tution. Mr. Thomas has so thoroughly earned popularity and respect in this district, that his departure, which is understood is in accordance with his expressed desire, will be geuerally regretted, aud he will carry with him universal good-wilL The Stewart Island Flats are acquiring notoriety as an obstacle to navigation. A fort night back the Premier and his flock spent 12 unhappy hours, sorrowfully contemplating the sandbanks, and on Saturday the Keilawarra. which uudcr. Captaiu Youth's able jockey ship, has hitherto performed some creditable steeple chasing over our harbor obstructions, came to a standstill at tbe same place, ber detention lasting 22 hours. Her mails were kindly take.! on board the Ellcngoivan, and brought up to town without delay, but the Keilawarra did not reach the wharf until Sunday morning. An interesting though diminutive visitor to .this port is the Missionary steamer Elleugowan, which put in here o-i -Saturday, en route from ! Sydney to' Torres Straits. This vessel, though offsmall tonnage, .is i a. .pretty specimen of a steam yacht. .. Considerable interest attaches to her by reason of her lengthy term of service with the self-denying pioneer missionary, the Rev, J. Chalmers, in the wild rcgious of Torre1? Straits, and her exploring trips up the rivers of New Guinea aud Northern Australia. She left this port 'again yesterday under the command1 of Captain W. Wyiln, formerly well-known here as master of the Queensland, steamer. It is au unfortunate ihir.g in this world that men enjoying au honorable name frequently suffer through the misfortunes or errors of others bearing similar names. We have a c ise in point in wi.ich, wc regret to say, we are mixed up. In our issue of 13th August appeared a Brisbane -telegram, worded thus, ' J. E, flynic, of Punch, is bankrupt.' The gentleman referred to is so well-known in Maryborough, that we were exceedingly glad when he inti mated to ns in a most friendly way that the tclogr.uu was quite incorrect. O.i enquiry we fi;id thai one of our Brisbane correspondents was led into the error of 'confounding Punch Byrne, with one S. J. Byrne who is ibe real bankrupt, and ran us, in our iuuocenee, into a participation in the unfortunate error. It is gratifying to know that Punch wasnevcrso far from bankruptcy in liis life as at present, an I while wc checrfully apologise for our misgui led attempt to ruin him, we reqnest those journals id which our telegram was copied, to make the necessary correction. From a private letter received by a gentle man in town from a friend in Uockhamptou» we arc permitted to make the- following ex tract with reference to tbe probability of a crew from Rocklmmpton putting in an ap pearance at the regatta to be held here on tbe 9th proximo: — 'Our Maryborough trip has a rather misty appearance just now, quite a chapter of accidents aud disappointments 'hav- ing befallen our cinjw. Out of* the four only one now remains. Our stroke was tbe l;.st to go, a domestic event having happened iu his family, rendering his absence from home im possible ; another was taken ill, and the em ployer of the third cannot spare him. Sjoncr however, than shirk it, I am coining down as stroke with a scratch crew. We do not expect to have a ghost of a chancc, b*it merely com 5 to keep our word with your club. It's awfully disappointing, for had the crew been able to go that was first picked, wc stood a good chancc, We arc not even coming with our first-class boa*, the new men just put iu not being able to sit her, but i;i tne second- class Our Burrum correspondent writes : — .News lias come by wire that the Queens land Burrum Coal Mining Comp my has been floated in England in Cl shai'HS. The amount of capital is not stated, but is suppose I to be £150,000, of which £10,000 worth are reserved for issue in Queensland. This is what may be termed giant news for Miryborough, ami should soon have tbe effect of placing her as the premier town of the colony, Mr. Hurley's many friends will be pleased to hear that he has at last achieved success, and his name must henceforth be associated with the great prosperity which is evidently before the Wide Bay district. If it hal not been for his exer tions the Burrum coalfield would not yet have claimed a railway to your seaport, nor would Maryborough have before her the pros pect of an ocean coal trade. ' Your corres pondent' has hammered away at this theme for several years, at the risk of benefitting your readers, but in all his ' hammerings' lie has never felt so proud of the Burrum, or of Maiy borough as its seaport, as he how does in in forming you that the coal field will he enabled to prove the verdict pronounced' on 'it' by the geologists. 10,030 £1 shores reserved for' :Queeti6landJ Will Queen-street collar these? I hope not ; they belong to Maryborough and . ?Gympie, and should be secured by them. . H.uiATAY extension biinjj now-a-davs in separably connected with genuine progress in this sparsely-settled colouy of Queensland, it behoves our citizens to keep pace with other ? districts in pressing their demands for a share in such railway favors as may be at no distant date in the hands of the Government to.' confer- Our newly-opene'iJ Gympie line being so successful, wc may reasonably east our nets ' for a line to our cherished western country. I It is pleasing to note, from a local point of j view, that our people are awakened to a seusc j of tbe value of-united action, -^ears ago we advocated the coustructum - of a Tailway to - Kilkivan and Gayndah, and during the last ?few weeks our favorile' theme' has at last received the attention of all classes. Some thing like definite ; action at last appears on the board. To-morrow morning a con ference of tho Municipal Council, Ohamber of Commerce, and Divisional. Boards .will mccti foe the purpose of apking Government to authorise' a survey pf this; much-heeded rail way. The Mayors of Gympic and Gayndah arc .also , invited to tobperate; .We have now no doubt of the unauimity of the people on this question, and hope tbe conference will decidc to accompany their requester a survey with such sound argument as will convince Parlia ment of the justness of their claims. SEE By Far advertisement on fourth page.-— [APVTj . ~ Benjaman Franklin hath said a penny caved is a penny gained ; if it is so of pehce- what of shillings aud pounds* An opportunity] according to our advertising column, is given for Uiree weeks to every one who requires any class of drapery, to effect a very considerable saving on all their purchases by buying from Mr. George Stupart, who expects to be able to occupy his old place at the eorner in a hand some structure in about six months. As it is his intention to open with an entirely nesv stock, he is determined to clear put at almost any. price a large lot of winter and autumu goods According to his advcrtisenicnt and hand bills, the b&rgains; are decided and unmistakcablc. As, for instance, costumes that were marked 30s., reduced to los. Lot of bonnets which were from 20s. to 80s. will be cleared out at 7s. Cd each and so on. This is surely a rareopportunity. For further information, see advertisement.^ [Advt.] The operations of Mr. John Hurley in eon ncction with the Burrum coalfield have, as our readers know, been of a somewhat chcqucred character, and probably not a few have arrived at tbe conclusion that the gentleman bad long ago practically severed his interest with the schcnie which last year occupied much local prominence. We are glad to learn that this is j Hot the case. Mr. Hurley has proved that his i visit to England to induce British capital to i assist in a systematic development of the wealthy Burrum coal mines was no .fanciful scheme, but that he knew what he was about and could quietly but effectively bring his cherished projcct to a successful issue. On Saturday last it was intimated through an influential mercantile firm located in Sydney, that Mr. Hurley had succeeded in floating the Burrum Coal Company in Englaud, having secured all the capital required, viz., £140,000, representing that number of £1 shares, the remaining 10,000 shares being reserved for issue in Queensland, to gentlemen who long since pledged themselves to take that amount. This important piece of information coming through a reliable channel must be very grati fying to our readers. As they probably kcow, Mr. Hurley's Company propose purchasing the Howard, Whitley, and other proved mines at the Burrum, at figures already agreed up#n and intend also establishing a coal depSt ou land already secured on Frazer's Island, with the view of coaling steamers passing through the str.iits. This feature of the scheme is especially important and in relation to it the matter of an early dredging of tbe Stewart Island and Rouudbush flats should receive the earnest attention of the Government. On this subject we have some information which will be communicated in a future issue. Mr. E. F. Hughes, Surgeon Dentist, arrived in Maryborough yetterday, on a professional visit, and may be consulted at A. F. Saps'ord's, Chemist, Kent-street, for one week only. ? [Advt.] . New Season's Teas.— The first shipment of 1881 Teas received in Maryborough, is that which arrived by the ' Keilawarra' on Satur day, fo ibe consignment of J. 23. Noakes. This splendid tea, which ouly eight weeks ago stood on the green plant in China, cannot bo surpassed for freshness and purity of flavor. — £Advt.] This Reason's Sugar.— From the Riehmon 1 and also from the Chreuce, we (To/eu and Country) are in receipt of information to Die effect that the cane attacked by frost ia yielding much better sugar aud more of it than was con sidered likely when the first appearance of frost was noticed. Bi-sulphite of liuie is being used with good cflxct, and also tbe sulphur-Jimc water mixture described in tbe Town and Covntry of July 30. The bi-sulphite is now for sale by Elliot Bros and other chemists probably, at2s.Gd. per gallon. Of thesui:arjmanufaclur^d by Mr. J. F. Small, of Llns Sjnth Arm, the C. R. Examiner saysitisafirie crystal, beautifully white, and so free from impurities that it might readily pass for a refined sugar. It is made from Meera and Itappoe caues, of ten months1 growth. This cane registers from 9 to 1*0 degrees B-'auinc, and Mr. Small considers these varieties as superior to the Ribbon. His opinion is that they stand the frost better, and are more ca-ilv manipulated |tluui tiie Ribbon variety, which has been tbe favorite cane hitherto. The Western Star speaking of the Queens land railways, says: — 'From their initiation there has always been trouble on tbe score of the tariff. Stupid blunders and startling in consistences in the rates have perpetually fur nished material for controversy in the Legisla ture and the Press, and each difficulty as it sub sides but makes room for another to take its place. Under tbe management of busiucss men who wgnld work a railway wi' lithe one and all-iraportaut object of makiug it pay, such a coadi; ion of affairs could but be of short dura tion. That tbe faulL is in the management is obvious aud whether that fault origina'es in a want of spccial knowledge of the subject, or iu a too close adherence to red tape supersti tions, i- is evident that the lime is not far dis taut when some belter system must be intro duced for the purpose of making these exten sive work6 reproductive. According to General Fielding, tbe Traneontinental lirfe will be' about 2000 miles in extent*, the cost of con B'.ructiou being about £8,000,000, exclusive of doss of interest until the line could be made reproductive, which end the syndicate propose to attain by settlement concurrent with con struction. General Fielding go.'s on to say .— ' The colony up to 31st December, 1879, bad 6pcnt £5,044,293 in railways, being an average of £10.028 per mile. It was not fair to include ' iu this the cost of the line over the Range — probably about £40,000 per mile— but there . was still a large margin between -£10.000 and and £4000. Sopposing that money was raised nt 4 per cent., tbe average earnings of the ? railways showed only 2J to 3 per cent.iutercst , on the capital expended. This would leave 1^ per ccnt. loss on every mile constructed, or £5U per annum, the gross total loss on tbe whole railway being £100,000 per year. It was not fair, however, to compare the Transcontinental Railway with those hitherto constructed in Queensland which bal-becnmadc slowly, piece meal, were long established, passed turough thickly occupied districts, and went on so often as tbe Government found it necessary to accede to tbe demauds of population.1 If tbe comparison referred to is not ns be says a fair 1 One, it is at least strougly in favor of the Transcontinental line, and that can only be substantiated by results to be based on a system of management as videly different from the one uow existing as' the construction of the ; new will differ from that of the old,' 