jiliOADlSHIM'S NEW YOliK LETTJ-JKS. It must bo a torriblo strait when " poor wretch seeks rest from his earthly jvoes i» t'10 bottom of the icy river ; vet oil two of the most miserable nights that «o have experienced this winter, a couple of weary souls committed them selves to the pitiloss waves of the river, and 6;iI1|; before an effort could bo made to savo ihem. On last Monday evening, just as the Fulton ferry- boat was crossing, crowded with hundreds of peoplo roturiiing to their homes, a cry rang out, " Man overboard ! man over board !" and then there was a wild rush for the stern of the boat, only to seo a dark object for a moment amid the floating cakes of ice, aud then all was over. The suicide, whoever ho was, had made Buro work of his attempt, for as the boat reached the middle of the rivor, ho stopped over the chain and rare a desperate leap into tlio icy stream. Suicide is always torriblo, either by poison or the pistol, or the multitudinous moans by which men and women in all times have Eliulllod oft' this mortal coil; but the cold and freezing rivor soems to be the last resort of desperation which has lost all fear of either t5od or nian. The week before, at about tho same time in the evening and almost in tho ginie place, another uufortunato sought tho earno passage to tho horeaftor. Wo hitvo had a terrible winter. Poverty, with all its attendant miseries, is never a Etranger to us. The springtime and tho summer, tho harvest and tho winter, follow each other year after year, and the ghosts of thehosgars who sat about the gateway which H Hp'To tlio temple upon Ziou'a Hill aro re flected in tho miserable spectres which, ill this bitter wintry timo, haunt Broadway around Fourteenth street, mid jostlo tho be diamoncd and fur-covered damos who hurry along the freezing streets, while the voice of i tho prophbt, rolling; down tlihnigh twenty [ centuries, rings in their ears loud and clear, >'Tho poor ye have always with ye." Wo j feel it particularly now. Tho last week has | been one of the bitterest and most try in" experiences of the winter, and tho misery ! it has developed is almost beyond computa tion. All the organised charities are taxed to their utmost capacity, and yet tho wail of sorrow and suffering rises from thousands and thousands of homes wliich so far have re ceived little or no relief. The latest sensation is tho elopement of Mrs. Sondheim, the wife of an extensive cotton broker, and a man of considerable wealth, and who is also the representative of one of the first Jewish families in the city. It only aeoms liko yesterday that I told the story, in one of my weekly letters, of the conversion of a pretty Yankee girl and her reception into the bosom of Israel. The lady had beon married before, and the attempt to abduct tho child of her first husband from the custody of its nurse brought her promi nently before tho courts. She met young Sondheim at a fashionable watering place, and it appears to have been a case of love at first sight. The wrecked hopes and ruined homo of tho husband that she lmd abandoned was to him no warning beacon, and, notwith standing the earnest remonstrances of his family, he offered his hand and his heart. Only one barrier stood in the ivay, and that the lady quickly overleaped-she was a Christiau and he was a Jew ; but tho lady, with a self-sacrifice which at tho time called forth the most lively commendation in Hebrew circles, left tho faith of her fathers, exclaiming, like the Jewish maiden of old, " Whither thou goest 1 will go ; whore thou lodgest I will lodge ; thy people shall be my people, and thy God shall bo my God." Great was tho rejoicing among tho sons and daughters of Israel and Judah, and when tho bridal glass was shivered to atoms under tho silken canopy, a shout of praiso and joy tvont up from the assembled multitude, who no doubt felt that another veritable brand lud been rescued from tho burning. Tho caudle sat up housekeeping ill mag nificent style, and tho new convert was tho envy oi many of Rachael's dark-eyed daugh ters, who no doubt felt that Mr. Sondhoim might have found among tho handmaidens of liis father's house quito as eligible a wife as lie did among the daughters of tho Gentiles. Months rolled on and nothing occurred to war the happiness of the infatuated Hebrew, avd at last his young wife expressed a desire to visit Europe. Her wishos wore commands, and, giviuglier a good sized cheque, he kissed her, bade her farewell, and oft she sailed across the sea. Months passed, but every steamer brought loving epistles of remembrance, so he consoled himself with tho rellectiou that the separation would not be for long. At last she returned. The trip lind been an ex pensive one, but that was nothing ; ho had recovered his pearl of great price, and he was lmppy. A grand dinner was to bo given in honor of her arrival, and tho most extensive preparations wore made for the event. The evening arrived, tho guests were assembled ; everybody was oil the tiptoo of expectancy, the husband arrived, but the wife was not there; presently a uote was handed liim from the absent one, informing him that she had found a new affinity, and had gone, as the gay Fisk once pleasantly remarked, " whore tha woodbine twineth." Abraham, Isaac and Jacob, Raehael, Leah and llebocca all ex claimed, " I told you so ; you could expect nothing else from a Gentile." Sho carried off a 1,000 check aud a nice lot of diamonds, and it is rumored that an acquaintance, picked up on the steamer, is the lucky pos sessor of this precious jewel. I certainly wish him joy of his good fortune. Mr Sond heim is said to be in despair at tho loss of his beautiful wife, but I think it ought to be a matter of profouud congratulation that lie is well rid of such a bad bargain. The exact relation between Terpsichore aud tho cuisine I am notable to define; but I know that once a year the French cooks of Now I'orkliave a ball, and that while tho dancing may bo a feature-and no doubt it is-the display of culinary skill is something almost beyond belief. All of the great hotels and clubs were represented, and the miracles that were performed in tho shape of gastronomic ) djslies were indeed marvellous to behold. Under the guise of turtle soup and truffles, blancmanges and pato de fois gras, is a strong flavor of that blessed ingredient which cover eth a multitude of faults-charity. The ball of tho French cooks, which is always one P' the features of the winter season, is given in aid of the charities of the Societe Culiuare, and the generous response of the good public, who are not unmindful of tho pleasure be stowed upon them by these genuine benefac tors of mankind, is a fitting tribute to their skill and worth. It seems as if charity in all large cities appealed to the heels as much as it does to the heart. The very next night sfter the French Cooks' Ball, the Academy of music was all ablaze with the Charity Ball and Martha Washington Reception, iu aid of tte " Ifiirsery and Child's Hospital." It was indeed a splendid assemblage, and it did one's heart good, in so excellent a cause, to fee the lion and the lamb laying down to Retlier and hobnobbing as graciously as if the Jordan's stormy waters were already past and they were revelling in those beatific delights °nly enjoyed on the other side. Samuel J. Tilden and his persecutors ; John Kelly and his detractors; Archie Bliss and his defamers ; Abraham Hewitt and his inaligners; were all among the lookers on and part of the company whose dollars went to shelter the homeless and innocent. The terrible weather has appeared to have no per ceptible effect on these popular assemblies, atid it gladened my soul when I saw Jay «ould and Win, H. Vanderbilt in the boxes, Mia for the time I confess I shared in the general amnesty, and forgot all about Wabash and Western Union, If each of them sent in ^ 1,000 check I hope the little winged book 'ecper who balances the ledger above will ^ipe out one big black mark against each of them. The weather has been terrible ; out rivers ,J>ok like Spitzeuburg or Greenland. If I were not for the constant passage of the ^rryboats, they would be frozen from shore to shore. Tours, truly, BROADBRIM. 