[?] Lucy Boss's Sacrifice. By N. WALTER SWAN. Chapter VIII.— White and Black. When the land, lying out like a misty cloud, was seen and the passengers drew near enough to trace the outlines of the steep hills, they brought forth their equipments in preparation. The jetty was reached, and, as Mr. Farrell described it, the potstick of the Dacre Hamilton had touched the rough timbers. The sun was on all things. It bathed the hills and lay on the country beyond without a cloud. The long street stretched out upon the undulating ground was like a particoloured ribbon, binding ridge and furrow with its settlement. Pretentious houses of weatherboard in blistering paint looked down upon the humbler domiciles of frizzed bark and twisting timber, and the town might have been deserted of all but glare, so silent it looked in the 6welter of the midday. On the one side the sea was ashine with sparklings ; on the other the still lassitude of oppression lay on all life. The group that gathered to watch the new comers showed but little Angle I Saxon energy. They wore a look of uncertainty and inse I curity. They had for the most part been driven back to the coast by fever, leaving behind them groups of graves where the climate smote and scattered parties as robust as that now landing. The remnants had dragged down to the sea for its breezes, and the gold above was left for the sake of life. Sick men were about, languidly drinking the sight of the gloaming waters and longing to recross them for the bracing winds that used to give them health and vigour. Those who had found gold had left the fields. Others above were wrestling against disease, trying to make runs of luck at the weary surface work, but putting together a Lamentably insufficient score compared with the graves that were seam ing the ground in the tangled bush on the pretty pastures of the hillside, or bordering' the tracks up which they laboured to fight with fever and win fortune. No one was better known in Cooktown than Sunday. The possessor of tbis sacred name was a stalwart native, who was as dark physically as morally were the fulminations of the strictest Sabbatarians. Sunday had guided parties to the Palmer and to secret places in the bush where it was reported great discoveries were being made. Those who committed them selves to his charge had in some instances melted away so suddenly that only a few had reached the El Dorado. Over those who bad disappeared the native, who had acquired a sincere admiration of our civilization, was wont to weep copiously and drown his sorrow in rum, according to the teachings of his white instructors. The one prevail ing characteristic always prominent and always consuming him was his love for his white brother. One party of 10, two pack- horses being of the number, left the long street behind them, resolute and ready for the difficulties of the journey which had overcome many others as resolute and as ready as they. The horses were some times stumbling on in advance and sometimes led. Moore and Farrell were in the string of adventurers. The Rev. Blakely was among them, fitted for the trial with a medicine chest, a few books, and the remains of the purse presented to him by a small congregation he had gathered round him in the obscurity of a back street in Melbourne. Sunday, the guide, kept steadily in advance, accompanied, in accord ance with a special permission and by virtue of an inde pendent treaty, by Renfrew. Having heard of the dangerous nature of the journey, not solely because of the climate, but by reason of the hostility of the natives, the men were armed rather more heavily perhaps than was needed ; but intervals of opportunity for sport were met with and helpled to beguile the road. Thus the journev from the Dacre Hamilton was commenced, with life in the scalcs against gpid — with the hot climate steaming round them preparing for the sowing of disease. The thoughts and hopes of most were on the chance of fortune. Thosp of Blakely on the love of Him who watches the sparrows fall. Moore's minfl never strayed from the remembrance of Lucy Ross, while hoping that change and danger would render the memory faint. Over all the pitiless sun. Below the rugged track along which many camping places were marked by graves. Over soft pastures and stretching valleys to rocky heights and down where streams ran in the depths of ravines. After fording water over such features of country the heat drew vapour from the saturated clothes in which ghosts of fever lived. It was early in the afternoon of a weary day when the camp settled itself for the night where below was the clear water of a branch of the Palmer. The sun was some distance from the hills, and the light was upon tbe stream. The little group had found shadows below the rocks, and the camp-fire smoke rose softly and straight as & pinnacle. The men were lying stretched, with their guns beside them, when the unusual sound of a spear hiss caught Moore's ear as the weapon sank a fourth of its length in the soil at his feet. The angle of the spear barely showed the direction whence it came when he called out, ' Turn on your faces, men, and get your guns ready. The blacks are above us ! Look on the upper side of the pass we came through an hour ago.' 'Confound the niggers!' answered Farrell, for the benefit of himself and his companion, while creeping hur riedly to the shelter of a stone. ' There goes one horse; look, Moore.' The poor brute had been grazing near them, and was now dragging a spear deeply fixed in its flank, and, looking round at the region of the pain, blood was running down the spear and tracing red figures on the grass as th&horao; moved. Farrell watched the animal, and again spoke: 'I used to be the best shot in my townland, and won mut-ATma for turkeys,' pushing the rifle slowly up before him. ' I was equal to the best on the Dacre at seagulls, and now fora nigger. Do you see that black devil in the shade there, raising his spear? Watch.' A report and a thread of blue smoke came forth simultane ously, when an aboriginal ran towards them, stood sway ing, then reeled back, and fell in his tracks. ' Keep cool, all of you,' shouted Farrell to the party, ' and don't fire at nothing ; the powder aid ball are on the packhorses.' One or two shots were fired uselessly before Mat had spoken ; then each settled himself down to watch and make sure. Theadventurerswerelying on their bellies like riflemen, and on the European side there was silence. Against ftp tVv could be seen at times the spears of the attacking party, ' ana as the shadows lengthened out from the rocks, the clear outline of a nude figure, apparently hastening from noint to point ' Look out for the next space, Moore, and if you don't get a flying shot my name's not Farrell/' The aboriginal showed for an instant, and the ballet from Moore's gun flattened on the rock with a sullen ping. They Jay there waiting- and firing at intervals, carefully and coolly, bat so far as could be judged without effect, when two natives stepped from shelter with poised spears. Along the irregular line of the travellers all the rifle barrels spat fire, and as a result an aborigine sprang high and fell still with his arms spread before him, one hand grasping an un delivered weapon. The men saw with concern that the re I tropic light was creeping up and that the shadows were darkening. ' 'Where's Sunday?' called a voice. There was no answer. ' Does any one know where Sunday is r' was the repe&tei; question. ?Voices replied : ' He is not with us.' _ ' He must be found before the darkness comes,' con tinued the same speaker (Mr. Graham, of New Guinei knowledge), ' to guide us to some place of safety.' *' It strikes me we've seen the last of Sunday,' mutterel Farrell, partly to himself, partly to the speaker. ' He'll bs among the niggers there above us with that white-liverei traitor, Renfrew.' Then loudly : ' Keep a shatp look- out, troys : don't give any of them a chance. If wo can knock ever one or two morn they'll give us leg-bail. Look after your cartridges ; my last is in.' Had any of the little band looked behind to where the stream was murmuring, or where the camp fire was burning, they would have felt Icsb security, frail as that which they had seen it to bo. They would have seen figures Hitting from rock to rock, and from tree to tree, in ominous silence, and gradually emerging to the number of about 30 upon the narrow belt of level land. Though the blachfellows stole up till they stood almost over the prostrate men, not a pebble had been disturbed or a twig snapped. The adventurers were raising their rifles or waiting and watching ready to covcr the first moving figure to be seen when they felt themselves pinned to the earth. There was a short effort, the sound of blows, and the place was still. Moore and Farrell struggled desperately in the silence of determination till they, too, lay unconscious in the twilight. Behind the corner of the pass where the path turned alone tbe riverside watched the expectant face of Sunday. When the stars came out like lamps above the heated air to dance on tbe waters of the stream, the eye of ii re where the food had been cooking glared on the tribe of murderers lying asleep within its light. When the night was being swept away by tho day and the yellow herald of dawn was borne up above the bills on the tide of light, the doings of the day past were published by still forms among the boulders. Moore and Farrell lay bound together in stupified companionship, trying to remember the few shoit hours of the fast day, as if they had passed from dreams to depth of sleep ; the others lay moveless. The faint morning breath stirred their hair, and bent the herbage sadly round them ; but their morrow was in eternity. There arc many martyrs whom we hear of, but there are incomparably more who only live in the record of the things that shall bo revealed. Mr. Blakely, to the right of Farrell, lay cleft and pierced with spears. Ho was overtaken with Christian and manly words upon his lips, breathing that wide human sympathy and love that had sent him away from his useful sphere in the Victorian city to da his Master's work. He seemed, with his calm face resting on his arm, to be asleep. He was away in the shine of the golden shore. ' Are the rest bound or dead ? ' whispered Farrell. ' I can't raise my head, Moore. If you can, look round ; tell me what you see ? ' Moore moved with a groan, and lay back. ' The blacks are sleeping round the fire.' 41 Look again, my boy. Troth you'll not have many more chances, and you'd better make the best of your time. How's the rest of our mates ? ' All lying still, all dead, I think. X see blood on Mr. Blakely's head, just beyond you; his face is looking up wards and white, and spears are in his body. Oh, Mat, IhCT are all scattered singly about, just where they were, ana all with their heads towards the top of the range, as ?when you charged with your last cartridge.' 'Do you see any guns V' *? The guns are lying by them. Now the blacks are moving we shall soon know our fate.' u Didn't that lantern-jawed fellow, that took a tit of ague when ho was speaking to us at Cooktown (you mind him, Moore), did he not say the blacks wouldn't make prisoners ? . How is it we're tied together like a brace of ducks ? We are not tomahawked or speared like the other poor fellows. There is some meaning in this ? ' ' Hist ! they've got two old horses as well as one of ours, and they are beginning to pack them with the tents and guns.' ' I'd give all the money I've got, and I won't have that long, for a glass of grog and a shot at Sunday, How many of our party can you count F' ' Four.' ' Look again, and make sure. Can you see all around ?' ' I can see all round. There are only four.' 44 Then I'd rather have a shot at Renfrew, or whatever his name is, than at Sunday. God be merciful to us this day and this night.' ' Lie quiet, Mat ; they are coming this way.' The aboriginals approached the two men. They were particularly careful to see that no traces of the struggle were left, and in pursuance of this object Moore and Far rell were rolled about as though they were animals tied for the shambles. The dead bodies were flung across one of the horses, the three being apparently well laden as they were driven upon the boulder- strewn path that ran be side the stream. When the rope was so adjusted that the prisoners could walk they were goaded with spears into the same track as that taken by the horses ; and nalf an-hour after sunrise the camping place behind was as bright and peaceful as though the darkness of the preceding night had not fallen on a tragedy. ' Look well to the road we're going, Moore,' said Farrell. ' If God is good to us, we may want to find our way back.' After weary stumbling on the rough journey for nearly an hour, Farrell started with a kind of shiver, and said, in a solemn whisper, ' Moore, do you know the reason they haven't tomahawked us?' ' No, Mat ; but it can't make much matternow. Another day spent like this, and I shall have as little strength as desire to escape.' ' Look here,' persisted his friend, and his face was callow at the discoveiy ; ' they haven't killed us because they want to keep us fresh. This is awful, but I wish them joy Mat Farrell when they get him, and you, too, mate. i wouldn't so much mind dying in the ordinary way and being buried, but ? :we*ll give them a bit of trouble yet. Keep your heart up, man; they may not be hungry for us for three or four days. We'll give them the sSp. They haven't taken our belts, and I've got my old tobacco - faiife.' The journey was continued until late. At a halt made the bound men were flung particles of food, much of it of a quality they could not eat, and but for portions of a Toasted opossum and some kingfish they would have been too weak to continue the jonmev. The track, gradually diverging from the river, skirted a swamp where the luxu rious growth took a tropical form. The trees were matted and laced with vines, ana the slender creepers hung bent with purpling flowers above the vapid mist where disease was slumbering. On the one side was the brow of a hill, arid and lined with rusted rifts and waited with bald rocks giving back the heat like breath of Lemnos. On the other were the fens of brilliant green and tangle covering 2he quivering acres ; and amongst the bordering growth the grinning face of the reclaimed and civilized Sunday, whose treaty with his black brothers had been honourably com pleted. For once Farrell was prudent, and withheld any agn of recognition. 'Did you see that nigger as we passed the last turn?' he asked of hiR companion. ' He knows the value of money, if the others don't. We'll be his special property, Moore. Renfrew has told him enough. He'll not lose as up here while we're keeping fresh.' A faint path leading to a cave was entered upon when the day was closing, and in a couple of hours thereafter tho blacifellowe' fire had given out its last flickerings. Day . break introduced with it the remainder of the tribe, curious to see tbe prisoners and examine the booty. Old men and women, of all ages crept in with the silent tread that custom and caution had given them. The noble savages on this occasion were presented in their most re pulsive aspects. There was a brutish callousness with the withered as with the younger females. Such romance as there was in the situation . was to be looked for outside where the dawn was deepening into yellow and the green foliage, hung with dew, was trembling in the fresh light. In the eyes of the women, as of the men, there was the fiery eagerness of beasts of prey, and the glaring ex pectancy that is always wolfish and sometimes human. Men and women were soon jabbering, explaining, and learning the nature of the attack, and in laughing triumph displaying their brilliant teeth. Amongst other articles taken from the little caravan were botlles of nun, which were brought forth with a howl of rejoicing. 'A baggy and hobbling woman, with the fangs and face of a demon, had secreted one of these, and was stealing out when a big fellow struck her with Jhis club, and she fell convulsively, patting the earth with her talon-like hands. As on the day before, the prisoners were thrownsome broiled fish. Farrell told Moore he thought they were likely to be kept fresh a while longer, and that he was determined to make an attempt to escape that night. To be successful he urged they would need all their strength and courage. ' The rifles, you see, Moore, are at the entrance of the cave, and that bundle flung down behind the boulder is the parcel of ammunition I got made up at Melbourne, Try if you can put your hand into my pocket. The one next you. 1 feel you can,' he whispered. ' We'll use it on this infernal rope the first opportunity. Now, let us lie still and watch.' It was cool and dark in the cave when noon came, and some one threw the men another handful of cookel fish. It grew to be cooler and darker as the afternoon sun fell away and travelled from the cave's mouth. There was riot out side, and at intervals half drunken savages staggered in to address the two men in native anathemas, and return to the orgy. 11 Get these _ cords cut, or 'we won't be able to uso our arms when the time comes. Keen as their eyes are, it's too dark foi them to see us closely. That's it, cut for your life. Work, mate, as you never worked before. The old blade is blunt ; but once .through the first hitch and we are free. It is painful, but wo must bear it. Good, one strand is gone ; the rest will be easy. Your hand is getting tired ; rest a minute, but begin soon again. The evening comes on, and we'll want a long night. Did you mark the canoe on the river just before I saw Sunday r ' ' No.' ' I thought not ; your eyes were glazed with pain. I think I could find it blindfolded. Cut on, Moore, for the love of heaven. If they return drunk we'll be slaughtered as we lie. Once into that canoe— don't stop; keep sawing while I whisper— once into that canoe the stream would take us to where we camped. With just a couple of poles to keep it in the middle, our guns at the bottom, ana a shot for Sunday. Keep on, Moore; you'll soon be through. I don't know why they didn't search us ; the dogs are afraid, tied and all as we are. Is that the reason, or do we belong to Sunday ? Whisht ! stop a minute. Did you see that fhadow slugger past the mouth ? He's too drunk to find it. Go on, Moore ; how painful the flesh has grown. What have we been thinking about ? The cave is empty, and with those rifles we could keep it against tho tribe ? ' Keep it to be starved or smoked out.' ' You are right; maybe roasted in. We had better get away ; half of them are dead drunk, and if we got a start we could keep them in check. A few hundred yards' start with those rifles and we are safe.' ' Safe enough if we are strong enough.' . 'I Good,' whispered Farrell, after a long pause, during which the old blade was sounding against the hemp. 'The rope is parted at last; undo it, and chafe your aim. Keep up your heart, Willie, and, as poor Mr. Blakely would say, a short bit of a prayer now and again like would do us no harm. Whisht! whisht! here's another.' A bluckfellow reeled in and fell. He tried to rise, but failing after two or three efforts disposed himself comfort ably amongst the stones at the feet of the prisoners. ' I could stick him like an animal as he is, blunt as the blade may be,' whispered Farrell, fiercely ; ' but we'll take no more fives than we can help. Prayers and murder don't go well together. Are you able to get up, Willie ?' Moore roEe to hiB feet, and Farrell stood beside him saying, ' It will be no darker than it is now, and the moon is getting up ; wait till I come back.' In the silence of the cave were the guarded and low sounds of Farrell's feet. His figure showed against the 6ky at its mouth for a while ; then it seemed to shorten ; again it rose to its heigbtand retreated back into the darkness. When he had stumbled over the sleeping savage to his own position,- Moore's hand'eoon felt tho cold iron of a gun barrel. He grasped it with a thrill of hope — the first he had felt since be saw his companions murdered. ' All our lot,' whispered again the indefatigable Farrell, ' had breechloaders. Fill your pockets with these cartridges; they may be our salvation yet. Now, God help us, and let us start before the moon gets up. I could see nothing from the cave entrance hut drunken men asleep. Come, Willie.' His voice softened and shook as he gave the invitation. They shortly were out and amongst the rocks. The fire at the encampment or village of the natives was some distance off, but its light ? showed figures in motion. There was no sound. The men who were to guard the cave were stretched in drunken stupor, and none of the wolfish eyes saw the solitary figures gliding like ghosts from rock to rock. When a fair distance away, when they could see the camp fires, and rest in comparative safety, Farrell took occasion to shake hands with Moore. For the first time he gave way, and his words were stammering and broken when he said : ' This is worse than the coral reefs. All our mates are dead and ? Captain Carlyle told us the sailors had a horror of dying oil' the coast. They told him they'd lather be buried in earth than in sharks. And our mates — — ? Man, dear, I feel I could lie down here and cry for them poor fellows. Look here, Moore, as I'm a living man this night, I'll honour rum the most of any diink, except whisky. Rum saved us, with the help of God.' Farrell, who was excited, and with the feeling upon him which in a woman would be described as hysterical, felt his pockets absently for a moment, then knelt where he was standing in the attitude of prayer, and broke down into sobs. 