BRIEF CHRONICLES. During the passage of the Nineveh to Sydney a young girl " played ghost" for a lfti'k and frightened another girl into a state of insanity. Mr Matthew Burnett and his wife have been pelted with rotten eggs at Clare, S.A. The offenders have been brought before the local court and remanded. The. S. A. Government offer 6d a dozen for sparrows' heads and 2s 6d a hundred for their eggs. Alice Wormald, a nnrsegirl, who was ohnrged at Iiockhampton with the murder of two girls whom it was stated that she threw into a waterhole at Clifton Station has been acquitted. A map named John Nevin was killed at Gyrapie hy tlie fall of a limb from a tree he was cutting down. Mr Murray Smith, in his speech in the Assembly ou Tuesday, said that what the country wanted was not heroic legislation but to be let alono. The Presbyterian Church, Broadforl, was entered a few night ago, and about £3 abtraoted therefrom The Judicature Bill, as introduced to Parliament last session, with one or two slight alterations, will again be brought forward in the Council this session ny Dr Dobson. A small-pox patient at Sydney named Southcott has died. No fresh oases have been reported, and it is hoped that the disease is now disappearing. Mr Walter Sherwin's real name was John Scliickle. He died of enlargement of liver. A beohe de mer fishing boat of Cook- town recently brought home £400 worth of fish, after being out only three weeks. Newbridge cheese factory, whioh recently- started, is turning aqt fiOO lb of cheese q day. All the immigrants, male and female, who arrived at Sydney by the Nineveh, have found engagement. Tweeds are now being manufactured in Pentridge prison, The phosphorised oats laid for rabbits is killing the hawks and wallabies. A mass of ore has been recently dis covered in Siberia, in the mines of the brothers Trapenzuikoff. whioh was found on trial to be pure gold, and to weigh no less than 5Slb. It is rumored that there is a probability of Bishop Thornton making a brief visit to England at no very distant date, A show of wild flowers was given by the children of the Iuglewood State School on Saturday last. A shock of earthquake has been reported at Tenterfield, N.S.W. The yachting season will be formally opened at Ballarat to-morrow. An old man arrested at Ballarat for drunkeuness excused himself on the ground that he desired to " enjoy life " as well as the young men. Father Meade has been appointed to the committee of the Ballarat Benevolent Asylum. The Ballarat Star has two able articles claiming support- for the local School of Mines. On Tuesday a former resident of Bal larat returned to the golden city after nine-, teen years absence, and paid off his ere, ditors. The average cost of prisoners1 mainte-. nance in Victoria, for last year, was £3a 15s Id per head, which, however, is re? duced by value of prisoners work to. £5 Ss 6d. The prisoners in the Maryborough goal cost last year £46 13s Sd per head. Reduced by value of work done the net cost per head was £13 6s Sd. A quantity of quicksilver was stolen on Sunday morning from the Great Extended Hustler's mine, Sandhurst. A suicidal mains is raging at Adelaide. Within a fortnight seven men aud ono woman hare destroyed themselves. A child was killed at Ballarat on Mon day through accidentally taking American potash. A disastrous railway collision has taken place at Washington, one train running into another. Of the passengers six were killed, and several others more or le«a seriously injured. Michael Rush has stated that he intends to retire from rowing. Three cases of leprosy are reported amongst Chinese residents at Cooktown. Two head of cattle were speared eight miles from Cooktown on Saturday. Mr Barr, M.L.A., is to be presented with an illuminated testimonial by the Majorca Borough Council. A woman and her daughter have been crushed to death by the fall of a partition wall at Macclesfield, S.A. The surveying sohooner Lark has started from Plymouth for the Australian station. A tender has been accepted for duplicat ing the railway line between Windsor and Elsternwick. The Secretary of State for the Colonies expresses dissatisfactisn with the sugges tion of the late intercolonial conference that the cost of maintaining the Australian squadron should continue exclusively a charge upon the Imperial Treasury. A despatch says that the Imperial Go vernment will not interfere with the action of the Western Australian Government in introducing Chinese to that colony. There is a tide of immigration into Sydney from New Zealand. ? At Laycock's presentation on last Friday, Mr. Bull, a Sydney solicitor, said he still believed that Laycoek and Trickett were the best men in the world in their own olimate. A Melbourne brick factory has to make five million bricks to one order. Gustan Adolph Steinmezer was arrested at the General Post Office, Melbourne, on Wednesday morning, charged with stealing letters, which were found in his pocket. He was taken before the City Court and remanded for a week. Mr. Ramsay's bill to abolish pensions payable to persons eutering the Civil Ser vice of the colony subsequent to the dace of the measure becoming law, passed its second reading in ihe Assembly on Wed nesday. The second reading of the bill to amal gamate the legal professions has been ne gatived by two votes. A house was burnt down at Alexandria on Tuesday night, owing to the bursting of a kerosene lamp. The Sydney Government intend asking for a vote in aid of Leiehardt's sister, and a remittance has already been sent to her. At the jute works, Emerald Hill, on Wednesday, a man named Ferguson got his arm into the machinery and it was dragged out at the socket. He died before midical aid reached him, and leaves a wife and two children. Mr O'Callaghan has given notice that, on the House going into committee on the Amending Land Bill, he will move that married woman be be permitted to select land to the extent of 320 acres. There is great prosperity in the lace trans at Nottingham, and the population ot the town has been doubled within ten years. The men sent to renovate and repair tuo railway station buildings at Maryborough hare been ordered to knock of work penL ing further instructions, 