??'? .-AMONGST THE BOOKS. ? CARLVLES REMINISCENCES/ . t Immediately after Mr. Carlyle'B death Jlr. iTroude wrote a letter to the Times, intimating that some years ago Mr.'Carlyle placed in his bands all his private papers and writings, with a view to publication, but at the same tiuio with a warning tbafe-before publication they would , require much revision. Mr. Froudo has ccr tainly,lpst no time in getting .the oollection.of papnr3,:r2ady for publication. Indeed, it is ?matter for regret that he has not taken more ? time,, and 'subjected them to a moro careful revision thon ho seems to.bave done, for there ' is Hot a little in these two volumes which.we ^'wnnQt'hclp thinking that ? Carlyle himself ?would havo, jvithheld.from. public view; not a ' littie.tbat.is. entirely ;of a private nature, and , not a., little. either that puts Carlyle himself in anything rbut an amiable light. There are ' zaaay pheasant ,passage3 — many brilliant por ,traita anid pictures; butt there are passages too, ' , which painfully exhibit what the Spectator pall? 'tho morose aspect of Carlyle's nature. The'two volumes contain in all five papers — one .ion i .'James ? Cnrlyk,. o£ Ecolefechan-, ^ ?mason,' ..tho , authorial father;, a second on ^[Edwjvd.Jrving, the author's early friend) a , third,1 on .Lord. ijefrroy,. the famous . editor of ,,,tho Edinhwgh Jlcvieu\;:a fourth on Jane .nVfelsh Qavlyle, the author's wife ; and a .fifth, 5.1 whic- Mr»,-Proude curiously prints, as.au ap t:ppndixtto ,the;,second.:volumo, on: the -poets .jiSou^heyjand Wordsworth. ; Whilo writing of '- hisfsthep,)his wifo. and his friends,' Carlyle takes r, occasion to -pass inreviewmost of thepublioand n, lftocarry chnr.iaters with whom ho came incon tact. t-; His opinion,, is nearly -nlwnys unfavorable,,, and ^lanjjipraisehehasto bestow is given grudgingly. .-j.Aln)pst.tlioi,Dmy ^persons for whom r ho ap s. peapi. to have unqualified admiration- wore his £ father1/ and .bis. .wife: The book, however; in , | spite '^Jiko., .of the' weaknesses and the preju .. ;d}oea,oiothfti writer, .irill be read'. with absorb t ingijnterost... We give- below some extracts, .jwhioh y»ill, show. the Wemarkable quality of the . ^Hcminigoencea ofifThomas Carlylo :-4-' J,. . JA1UW CAHLTlE'sj EiBLY STBOGOLESi! .- _,- 'My father .was bom,(Lthink).in 17;75,.at a ' place -eajled Brownknowc, a. small {arm. nut ''far from BnijiBwark-hill, in Annanddle. I c; haYe-liearoVhim'describe-'-tho -anguish of mind .i^hel.felt iwhen---leavingf thia'placoi and -taking -i.;|aiieuteU'''--itha.'big,..atonD' ..whereon -he. had k; been,, wont to -sit- inteorly boyhood tending the '; cattle.. ^.His heart, ho -said, was. like to burst. ' They wereremoving to S'bbaldry side, another ?' farmrin-thb- villey of- Dryfe.- He was come to -«'full manhood;, The family was exposed to groat il^temptotioasii^whilai.iat/i.Brownkno.we, ?- The ?...lyother,, ..Maiy;.;.Gilleapiq,-. (she had xela t tiqns ,at Dryfesdale), was left with . her children,. ' and had. not always .meal ' ttf' mrike/them porridge. My father ?was the ?- 'second Bon-andfdurth.childjl -My grandfather, u.'Thamos CarZylo;!n£fe?r.ii-lioniI..im nnmed/was an honest adventurer, but not an industrious man. Ho used to collect vicorously and rigor ously a Bupi.fliiffiRifint.foch'is. half-yearns rent — probably some £5 or £C— lay this by, and for tho resj, leaving the mother with her little ones to manage very much as they could, would meanwhile amuse himself, perhaps hunting, most probably with the Laird of Bridekirkj(a swashbuckler of those days, com poser of ^Bridekirk'a Hunting') partly in the character icf kinsman, partly attendant and. henchman j I have heard my father describe the' shifts thejh were reduced to at home. Once,' he said, fleal, which had perhaps been long scarce, and certainly for some time wanting, arrived at lost, late at night. Mother pro ceeded omthe spot to make cakes of it, and lad no fuel bnt the straw that Bhe tore from the beds t«- do it with. My father often told us how horonce, with a providence early mani fested, got possession of four potatoes, and, thinking tjhat a time of want might come, hid them carefully against the evil day. . He found them lyitjg after all grown together. They had not been needed. J think he once told us that h,is first short - clothes . were mode, mostly or- wholly of leather. Wo- all 'only* laughed, flor it is now lpug ago.i Thottdeari father, through what stern obstructiana.TOUitbjys way to manhood to bo f orcedi.andif orus, aaiii for our trayelling to ho madecsmootbiiU'. ? He was among the lasfc/off thasiruaimem which Scotland on thcpldlByatentiptoduoediori can produce; a man. bealthyr:-in! bodyiaadi minu, lea&ng; liod, and1 Ouigea«ytTOrtni!g.w God's earth with contentment^hopo.-an&um-.;' wearied resolution. He was never visited 'with- doubt. The old theorem of the universe was sufficient for him; and he worked wellan-it, ' and in all senses successfully and wisely^-as few can dp. So quick is tho motion of transi tion becoming, tho new generation almost to a- man mu# make then- belly their God, and, alas, findj even that an empty one. Thus, curiouslyjfenough and blessedly, ho stood a true man[on the vergo of the old, while his son stands hjre. lovingly surveying him on the verge of the 'hew, aud'Bees the possibility of also being true there.' IBVTNG AND OABLTtE Iff THEWYOBHO'DATW 'I was sitting in Waugh's ?? thaW'Cvening,' not too vigorously conversing, when Waugh's door went open, and there stept in Irving and ?one Nicbol, a mathematical teacher in Edin ?-,-;.. burgh, QnJntimutookhiB^a.&hrewdjOTongr.and; lu- -vecp,!}ooial kifld.pf person,, whom X ,did not , i£eji Ifnow.,, oxcept by name. Irving was pver, '' ?d6uttttess;-froin-Kirkcaldy;! on - HsiiolidayB, ?and had prb'ba'IJly- been' dmmgJiwith.Nichol;. 'The parfjj- waa-.to- mysalf.. not unwelcome,; , 'though somewhat alarming. Nichol, I per,-. ''' -?'ceived,'irhig}rtl'l5e by'some- three-or four years \u .the^lcldait afma-: auBhaxp..nmj],,witlrLinonth . ,-; ;, r*J4ier,iqui!!apaay c1obp.v I was by apme,three y.j-oiy'^onivyearpfthe ypuugest ;,awl hero, wo». ?Tnsfflepis,tuBf Irving^ a, victorious bashaw, '; wjillb TJoor' I. was' so much the' reverso.' ' Tbp «*'?'? 'conversati6nliriiiiminute-ortwo 'becomo-quito ?h :spoclal,.'andimyuanivillmg8elf tli'o:contro:of it .!?.... -r-IrWDj,dJcect«(gnppntt»WiO-.w)iole.',eoriea of ii-. qHeataon^abpjut^nnanjnattcrs,, social or db^ mflsitlc. mostly ;^of wliich'-IjkDew little, and. ^ ?', K^d'lfiW than no wfobitb'sneak/thoughlstroye ''.?'? *'E«ni(nl«C(jiK«iro/r;iDlion)Mj Oar)ylc,;- Editod by. ?James Anthony Frbuilc. TwovoIb. London: Long -mans and Co., 1881. politely to answer succinctly what Icould. In tho good Irving all this was very natural, nor was there in him, I am well Burc, tho slightest notion to hurt me or bo tyrannous to mo. 1'ar tho reverse his mood at all times towards all men. 13ut there was, I conjecture, something of conscious, unquestion able superiority, of careless, natural dc haul en ban, which fretted on me, and might bo ren dering my answers more and more and moro succinct. Nay, my small knowledge was fail ing ; and I had more than once on certain points, as ' Has Mrs. ? }rot a baby, is it son or daughter?' and the like, answered can didly, ' I dorit know.' I think three or two such answers to such questions had followed in succession, when Irving, feeling uneasy, and in a dim manner that tho game. waB going wrong, , answered in gruffish yet not ill-natured tone, ' You seem to know nothing ! ' To which I, with prompt emphasiB, somewhat provoked, replied, 'Sir, by what right do you try my knowledge in this way ? Are you grand inquisitor, qr have you authority to question people and cross- question at discretion ? I have had no interest to in form myself about the. births at- Annan, and care not if the process of birth and generation there should cease and determine altogether !' ' A bad example that,' cried Nicliol, breaking into laughter, ' that would never do for me — a fellow that needs 'pupila ;'. and j laughed heartily, joined by Waugh, and perhaps Irving, so that the thing passed off moro smoothly than might have been expected ; though Irving, of course, felt a little hurt, and, I think, did not altogether hide it from me while the interview still lasted, which was only a short while.' LORD JEFFREY. ' A' delicate, attractive, dainty little fiaure, as he merely walked about, much more if he were speaking ; uncommonly bright black eyes, instinct with vivacity, intelligence and kindly fire ; roundish brow, delicate oval face full of rapid expression ; figure light, nimble, pretty though so small, perhaps hardly 5 feet in height. He had his gown, almost never any wig, wore his black hair rathor closely, cropped ; I have seen the back part of it jerk suddenly out in some of the rapid expressions of his face, and knew, even if behind him, that his brow was then puckered, and his eyes looking archly, half contemptuously out in conformity to some conclusive little cut his tdnguo was giving. His voice, clear, harmonious and- sonorous, had something of metallic in it/ something almost plangent j never rose into . alt, into any dissonance or shrillness, norcar' ried much the character of humor, though; a-, fine feeling of the ludicrous always dwelt in.', him— as you would notice best when ho got ? into Scotch dialect, and gave you, with ad mirable truth of mimicry, old Edinburgh . incidents and experiences of his — very great upon old ' Judge Braxie,' ' Peter Peebles,' and the like. For the rest, his laugh was small, and by no means Homeric ; he never laughed loud (could not do it, I Bhould think), and, indeed, oftener Bniggered slightly than laughed in any way.' DB. CHALMERS. He was a man of much natural dignity, in genuity, honesty and kind' affection, as 'well as sound intellect and imagination. A very eminent vivacity lay in him which could rise to complete impetuosity — glowing conviction, passionate eloquence, fiery play of heart and ? head — all in a kind ofrustic type, one might1 say, though wonderfully truo and tender. He had a burst of genuine fun too, I have heard, of the same honest but most plebeian,- broadly natural: character.- His. laugh was ever a hearty, loud guffuw, and his tones in preaching would riso to the piercingly pathetic. No preacher ever went so into one's lieart.,-;He.wa!i.a-man essentially of littlo cul tur«;;pt-Darrowi8phere all his life. Such an in tellect,'1 ignorant -in all that lay beyond tho jh'orizon in place or in time, I have almost no twhere met with — a man capable of so much jSbaking indolonce, lazy, brooding, donothing ness, as a first stage of his life well indicated ; 'a man thought to be timid Almost to the verge of cowardice, yet capable, of impetuous activity and blozing- raudacityj, as his latter years Bhowed, I suppose there will never again bo such a preacher in any Christian church.' DE QUINCEY. ' Jemmy Belcher was a smirking little dumpy: Unitarian bookseller in tho Bull ringy. regarded as a,, kindjof curiosity and favorito Among these people, and had seen me. One. showery day I took; shelter in his shop ; piokedtupi;a,. newsmagazine,, found in it a icUveruba and i completely. hostile criticism of myiWiUieliaiMeiater,-. of my Goethe, and self, $t^.y;read:it: faithfully --..to the t end, and havo bjayorisst eye- on it.since,-. On stepping out my bMipirits did.not- feellm.U«litel«va,ted;by, the flo38'ju.stJswiallowe(},.bst5Ktliuu^jk!WJth.iny SetfjyiThiJ.Vman.i is* pethapa-7 right, on. some ppiitajtii; sp;, leccbiwtba! admonitory ,1V And tQi- wa»-sgi:.'(9s: a-- Stottieismi ;-or perhaps itwe);;.andjtl( didi reasonably.- soon, (in not ijvboyev an. couple, off hours); dismiss him ito:the devil; or. to Jericho, as an. ill-given, un serviceable kind of entity in my course through : this world; .-It was De Quincey, as I often enough heard: afterwards from foolish-talking persons. ' What matter .who, ye foolishtalk ing persons?' would have been my silent anBwer, aa it generally pretty much was. I recollect, too, how in Edinburgh a year or two after, poor De Quincey, whom I wished to know, was reported to tremble at tho thought ot such a thing,- and.did . fly; pale o§ aalios, poor, little soul, the first time we actually met. He wmh at-nrottwi littlo rcroatnro.- full of wiro . drawn ingenuities,, bankrupt. ' enthusiasms, 'bankrupt pride, with the finest Bilver-toned low voice, and most elaborate gontly winding courtesies and ingenuities in conversa tion. ' What wouldn't one give to have him in.aboxy, and! take, him put to talk?'. That. rwas,iIerVcrUicism pi him, and .it was right, good., A bright,, ready apd melodious talker, but in the end an inconclusive and longwinded. One ortiio- smallest- man- figures 'I? ever eaw-j; -shaped like ft pair of tongs, andi hardly above.' -5 feeijn all/. When, lio, sato^you.would have. , taken/him, by candlelight,for tho. beautif ullest little . child.;, blue-eyed,. sparkling face, had. there .not been ,a something, too; which' said ''JBccovi— thir child- liaa been'in hell/'. Aftoni leaving 'Edinburgh I! never sawi him; .hardly, bror heard ofcihim.; JUs; fate,k owing, tojopjum^. ifco,, was hard and. bovo^ poor fine-atruBg-wcak creature,) launched so into the literary, career of .ambition and mother of dead dogs.' (, ' ' ? CHABLE8 LAMB,. ' .' ' Charles Lamb and .his' aiater came daily oncer or of tener,-a' very sorry pair of phenomena* ??' Insuperable -proolivity. to gin in poor oldtLambii is talk was contemptiuly small, indicating wondrous ignorance and smallness, even when serious and good-mannered, in fact, more like 'diluted insanity' (as I defined it) than any thing of real jocosity. There was a most slender fibre of actual worth in that poor Charles abundantly recognisable to me as to others in his better times and moods, but he was Cockney to the marrow ; and Cockncydom shouting ' Glorious, marvel, lous, unparalleled in nature,' nil his days, had quite bewildered his poor head and churned nearly all tho senso out of the poor man. Ho was the leanest of mankind, having blnck breeches buttoned to the -knee and no further, surmounting spindlo logs, also in black fallana ; head finish, blnck, bony, lean, and of a Jew typo rather ; in the eye3 a kind of smoky brightness or confused sharp ness : spoko with a stutter ; in walking, tot tered and shuffled, emblam of debility, bodily, and spiritually ; something of real insanity, and yet something, too, human, ingenuous, pathotio, sportful, much enduring. Poor Lamb ! He was infinitely astonished at my wifo and her quiet encounter with his too ghastly London wit by a cheerful native ditto. Adic-n, poor Lamb V' JOHN KTO.VUT SIILL AND THE BUIWT'MBS. ' Mill was very useful about ' French Revo lution.' Hi3 evenings were sensibly agree able, for most part talk ratiier wintry (' saw dustish,' as old Sterling onco . called it), but always well informed nnd sincere. How well do I still remember that night when he came to tell us, pale ns Hector's Ghost, that my un fortunate first volume was burnt. It was like half-sentence of death to us both, and wo had to pretend to take itlightlyi'sodismalandghastly was his horror, and try to tallcofrotbor matters. He stayed three mortal hours.orso; -.his de jiarturo quite a reliof to ub. Oh', thtr burst of sympathy my poor i darling then gave me, flinging her arms round my neck, and openly lamenting, condoling, and enconrnaing, like a nobler, better self ! Under heaven is nothing beautifuller. We sat talking till late-; ?' Shall be written again,' my fixed word and reso lution to her. Which proved to bo such a task as I never triod before or since. . I wrote out 'Feast of Kkba,'- and them. went. at it. Found it fairly impossible for about a fortnight; passed threouweeks readme Marryat's:novels, tried caatiriuH- cantioualy, as on ice paper-thin, oncexnoret; landjiinishort, had a job moro like breakirigirniyyhbarfr'than any othordiiiitty. ex poricnocj:. Jeannioi..(llfs; i Oarlylo) ) alono'. of pefajg5.fcnrnt1ikb;a'8teodysldmp:bbfo're!tneii' I : forgetdiowi'. muohKoE;' money wo stitt'had-i-'Ii thinkiithorenwaa.at-firatisomething lik'e;£300,' perhaps £2S0; ito'.fronttLbndon with— nor-can riii'tho.leastiemember.-wheraiwe had gathered such a.'Fumi'.eitcept that it was our own, no part borrowed' or given uaby anybody*- . ' Fit to fast till SFrenoh Hevolutibn'isrready'^-and she had no misgivings' at nil.:.'. Milli was -penitently liberal; sent me £200 in asday or -two, of which I kept £100, actual cost'ofihouse, while I hod written burnt volume;-, upon which ho bought me ' Biogrnphie Univtrselle,' which I got bound and still have. Wish I could find a way of getting the now much ma'cerated, changed, and fanaticised John Stuart Mill to take that £100 back ; but I fear there is no way.' FIRST INTERVIEW WITH SOUTHEV. ? 'It was probably in 1836 or 7, the second or third year after our removal, that Henry Taylor, author of' ' Artevelde' and various similar things, with whom I had mado acquaintance, and whoso early regard, con stant esteem, and readiness to be helpful nnd friendly, should bo among my memorabilia of those years, invited me to come to him one evening, and have a littlo speech with Southey, whom ho judged me to be curious about, and to like perhaps moro than I did. Taylor himself, a solid, sound-headed, faithful man, though of morbid vivacity to all senses of that deep-reaching word, and with a fine rendiness to npprehend new truth, and stand by it, was in personal intimacy with tho 'Lako' sages and poots, especially with Southoy. He considored that in Wordsworth and the rest of them was embodied all of pious wisdom that our ago had, and could not doubt but tho sight of Southoy would be welcome to me. I readily consented to come, none but wo three present, Southey to be Taylor's guest at dinner, I to join them after — which was done. Taylor, Btill little turned of 30, lived miscellaneously, about, in bntche lor's lodgings, or some tim.e for a month or two during tho 'season' in furnished houses, where he could receive guests. In the former I never saw him, nor to the latter did I go but when invited. It was in a quiet ground- floor of the latter character as I con ectured, somewhere near Downing-street, and looking into St. James's Park, that I found Taylor and Southey, with their wine before them, which they hardly seemed to be mind ing ; very quiet this seemed to be, quiet their discourse too ; to all which, not sorry at the omen, I quietly joined myself. Sotithey was a man towards well up in tho fifties ; hair irrey, not yet hoary, well Betting off his fine clear brown complexion ; head and face both smallish, as indeed the figure was while seated ; features finely cut ; eves, brow, mouth, good in their kind — expressive all, and even vehemently so, but betokening rather keenness than depth either of intellect or character; a serious, human, honest, but sharp almost fierce-looking thin man, with very much of the militant in his aspect— in the eyes especially wa3 visible a mixture of Borrow and of anger, or of angry contempt, as if his indignant fight with the world had. not yet ended in victory, but also never should in defeat. A man you were willing to hear speak. We got to talk of Parliament, public Bpenking and the like (perhaps some elec tioneering then afoot !) On my mention ing the candidate at Bristol, with his 'I Bay ditto to Mr. Burke '— ' Hah, I _ myself heard that!' (had., been a boy, , listening when, that was. said!) His., contempt- for the existing set of parties was great . and fixed, especially for what. produced the . present electoral temper ; though in [the- future,- too, oxcept through- Parliaments and oloetions, he seemed to seo no hope. . Ho tools.to repeating, in a low, sorrowfully, mock,, ingitpno. certain verseSf(I.supposo of his own),, emphatically in. that voin which seemed to mo bitter and Exaggerative, not with out ingenuity, but exhibiting no trace of gouius. Partly in: response,, or rather, .as solo articulate,, response, I asked who ,hnd mndo those verses. Southoy. answered carelessly, ' Praod, they say : P.raed, I' suppose.' My notion was ho was merely putting mo off, and'thattheverses were' bis' own j' though' ho disliked . :confessmg to ithomj.v A ycarior two ago, looking,into, com? eview of a reprint of Praed's works, I came upon the versus again, among other excerpt,1! ) of a similar genus, and found' that they verily were Praed's ; my wonder now was that Southey had charged his memory with the like of them. After Suuthey'H bit of recitation I think the party must have pooii broken up. I recolloct nothing more o[ it, except my astonishment when Sonthoy at last completely rose from his chair to shake hands ; hu had only half risen and nodded on my coming in ; nnd all along I had counted him a lenn little man ; but now lie shot suddenly aloft into a tall lean one, all legs, in shape and stature like n p:iir of tongs, which peculiarity my surprise doubtless exaggerated to me but only made more notable and entertaining. Nothing had happened throughout that was other than modora'tely pleasant; and I returned home (I conclude) well enough satisfied witli my evening.' HAimiKT .VAItTIKEAl'. ' To admire Harriet Martincau's literary geniu3, or even her solidity of common sense, wan never possible for cither of us; but she had a sharp oye, an imperturbable Bolfposses sion, and in all things a swiftness of positive decision which, joined to her evident loyalty of intention and her frank, guileless, easy ways, we both liked. Her talent, which in that sense was very considerable, I used to think would have made her a quite shining matron of Bouie big female establishment, mis treF3 of some immense dress shop, for instance, if aho hnd a dressing faculty, which perhaps she had not, but was totally inadequate to grapplo with deep spiritual and social ques tionB, into which she launched at all times, nothing doubting.' THE DL'KE OK WKIJ.I.VfiTOX. ' One evening, at Bath House, I saw her (Mrs. Carlyle), in a grand soiree, softly step up and (unnoticed, as she thought, by anybody) kiss the old Duke of Wellington's shoulder. That, perhaps, was one of the prettiest things I ever saw there. Tho duke was then very old, and hitched languidly about, speaking only when spoken to, some ' wow- wow,' which perhaps had little meaning in it. Ho had on his Garter order, his gold-buckle stock, and was very clean and trim ; but except making appearance at certain evening parties, half an hour in each, perhaps hardly knew what he was doing. From Bath House we snw his funeral procession a while after, and, to our disgust, in one of the mourning coaches, some official dignitary read ing a newspaper. . The hearse (seventeen tons of bronze'), the arrangements generally, were vulgar and disgusting ; but the fact itself iin 'pressed everybody ; the street rows all silently doffed hat as the body passed ; and London, altogether, seemed to be holding its breath. A dim, almost wet kind of day;. adieu, adieu. With Wellington I don't think either of us had ever spoken, though we both esteemed him heartily. I bad known his face for nearly thirty years ; ho also, I .think, had grown to know mine, as that of somebody who wished him well ; not otherwise, I dare say, or tho proprie tor'sname at all ; butlhavo seen him gaze at me a little as wo passed on the streets. To speak to him, with my notions of his ways of think ing, and of his articulate endowments, was not among my longings. I went once to tho House of Lords expressly to hear tho sound of his voice, and so complete my little private physi ognomical portrait of him ; a fine aquiline voice I found it, quite like the face of him ; and got a great instruction and lesson, which has stayed with mo, out of his little speech itself (Lord Ellenborough's ' Gates of Som nauth' the subject, about which I cared nothing), speech of the most haggly, hawky, pinched and meagre kind, so far. aa utterance and eloquence went ; but potent for conviction beyond any other ; nay, I may say, quite exclusively of all the others that night, which were mere 'melodious wind!' to me (Brougham's, Derby's, &c.;), while this hitching, stunted, bagging discourse of ten or-, thirteen minutes had made the Duke's opinion completely mine too. I thought of O. Crom well withal, and have often since, oftener than ever before, said to myself, ' Is not 'this (to make your opinion mine) tho aim of all elo- . quence, rhetoric and Demosthenic artillery, practice? And what is it good for ? Fools ! get a true insight and belief of your own as to the matter ; that is the way to get your belief, into mo, and it is the only way.' 