THE MINE BY THE SEA. Chapter I. The little seaport town of Saintby is built upon the shores of a natural harbour, formed by a break in the line of cliffs which, with but few interruptions, stretch along the. north-western coast of the county of Fellshire. The white- washed houses perched in irregular lines upon the steep hillsides, and long disused fort commanding the bay, and the ships and fishing smacks moored to the quays within the harbour, groan air of picturesqueness and cheerfulness to the" town which is hardly sustained by a nearer view of the narrow, dingy streets, and an experience of the many mingled odours of the ."/'quays and beach. Yet the little town is prosperous in its way. A considerable trade is done 'in irTtfie export of coal and iron ore from the mines of the neighbourhood. Many boats are employed in the fishing trade Besides, Saintby is the market town whither the farmers of the surrounding district every week bring the produce of the farms for sale. Immediately to the south of Saintby the cliffs make a bold sweep in a westerly direction, and the headlands thus formed, on which a lighthouse has been built, is always spoken of by the country people under the general name of "The Heads. " Further on the cliffs recede again, and soon come to an end, being succeeded by a long stretch of very fertile level country, skirting the sea. The commencement of this plain is only about five miles in a direct line from Saintby, and this con- figuration of the land has given rise to a legend among the people that the headland had once been an island, the sea then flowing over the site of the present Saintby, and through the deep valley which stretches behind the cliff, and ends in the level tract of country spoken of. Saintby is a quiet, dull little town, yet it has sights and wonders of its own. HE coal mines,-i.sunk close to the shore, their under- ground workings stretching for miles beneath -the bottom of the Beaupre, though the natives do not think so, the moist remarkable feature. And of these the Westray mine, which was situated on a strip of land at the base of the sandstone cliff, and immediately overlooked the sea, was, at the time of my story, one of the ' largest and most productive. . Mrs. Benson kept the toll-bar at Raby, a little ' hamlet lying on the main road from Saintby to, Rayington, the nearest market town to the ' south. r-1, say Mrs. Benson kept it, although her husband's name was painted above the door, shuttle was now, after an adventurous life as a sailor in the old fighting days of the navy, a crippled, bed-ridden old man, and all the work of collecting the tolls, keeping the house bright and clean and cultivating the little patch of garden belonging to it, was performed by Mrs. Benson and her daughter, Agnes, a handsome, fresh-featured girl of eighteen. ( Baby was about two miles from Saintby, and lay on the inland slope of the lime cliffs. To . any one who chose to climb from the seashore up the desolate face of those precipitous cliffs, on mounting to the summit, a strangely different scene presented itself to his eyes. The hillsides, both that on which he stood and that facing him, and separated by the narrow valley at his feet were covered with clustering trees and rich meadow land, and completely ," sheltered by the rocky barrier from all rough winds and the blighting touch of the sea foam that in the wild winter storms was often flung high up the slopes of the seaward side. " Mother, here's George again," said Agnes, one autumn evening, as she was ironing her mother's caps on a broad table beneath the cottage wjndo^ijilt^at^tlio moment when the shadow»of-a]vjpitoj'ôn his way to the door fell over fireworks, a " " Como thy ways in, George-come thy ways in," cried in a cheery, but not very musical voice the old woman, who was occupied in bending over the fire in preparation of oatcakes for the family supper. She did not turn. to him immediately evidently being on too familiar terms with him for cermony. The door opened, and with Blow, slightly halting stop the visitor came forward. He was a tall man, but stooped a good deal, leaning on a stick that he always carried with him this, with the perceptible drag of his left foot in walking, being the result of a terrible accident in the Westray mine, in which he, together with many others, had suffered. But it was also to this accident that his friend- ship with the Bensons was owing. About five years before young Tom BoiiBon, Agnes' brother, when working in the mine, was crushed to death by the fall of a huge mass of coal, and in the attempt to rescue his friend, George Helmers (for that was his name had also been struck, and suffered injuries from which he had never quite recovered. Ever since her son's death, Mrs. Benson had welcomed Helmers to the cottage, and of late he had got into the habit of coming there very frequently, under the pretext of giving Agnes writing lessons. His face was pale and thin, with no special regularity or beauty in his feature, but still with something characteristic in its look of clearness and power, with a curious earnest ness of manner, that made one soon forgot the rough new lines on his face, He came forward into the kitchen. " Well, mother for ever since her son's death he called her by this name you look finely to-day, and so does Agnes. How's the old man?", ' : " i, "Badly, George, badly enough there thou -j maticB plagues him terrible. But, last, he hours every word in the next room a Last had tea' or supper?" iii To-day; I want no supper thank you all the same,',' he answered, and turned towards i Agnes. "I came to ubIc of Agnes would have her lesson to-night, or would come a walk on a' cliff. It's so;, bonny fine with the sun setting over rises, Agnes ntl Ifloispoko thus, leaning over the dresser, as -the long table was called, at which Agnes was still continuing her ironing operations. "Ay, George take her outside her out a bit," said the old woman. " She's been that queer of late, I canna make out what's come to her. Why, what dost think 1 She gave sixpenny change for a fourpenny bit at tow-bar 1 this morning and what we' breaking things and forgetting what a body says, she makes me a clean > daft sometimes. Then take her in the fresh air, and see if you can brighten her up a bit." Nay, mother, there's this ironing to finish." The girl looked round with a deep blush . upon her face and a supplicating look toward her mother, but the old woman would not heed ' this, and Agnes had to get her bonnet and shawl for the autumn evenings were now rather ,' chilly,' and accompany George in a stroll over i the cliffs. a' Ii ~ "You mustn't quite believe all mother says about me," she began, in a low voice, as they sauntered together up the lawn, sheltered by tall hedges rich with autumn flowers on the hillside. "But, George, I don't know how it is," she added, turning with quick, impulsive gesture to him "'you're patient and kind, and mother well bIio's impatient and kind, and other people they're about the same as they always were j but things don't seem to fit in now as they used to they don't always in this world, do they, George ?" " Why, what do you know about all that ?" cried George, in honest amazement, and then he came nearer to her with an instinctive impulse of help, though as he did this she slightly drew away from him. ''Men's troubles and women's are not always alike," he went on with a softened voice ; " but when things go wrong with me, Agnes, I've got a bit of philosophy for them I keep on and worry them till they come right again make them come right again. One can only do one is best, you know. There's a deal of things wrong with me just now at the pit and other places besides ; but I know this, I'll have a fight before I give in. There's the master wants money badly for his son, who's in the army, and I'll tell him he's working the cool far too near the sea that is one thing. And sometimes, when I am down-spirited, I think I'll give it up and go to places where men don't work in holes in the dark, and where there's Such things as a collier like me can only dream of sometimes. Still I'll stick to it and fight it out. But, Agnes, what troubles the ? Con I help ? I'm strong enough for two, lass, and thou know'st I'll do it if I can.' " Nay, George, it's only silly fancies of mine, that's all," she said, handing over some flowers by the wayside, and so contriving to hide her tears. .' Things are gone a bit awry, and perhaps they'll come straight some time." ", They had now reached the edge of the cliff, and were leaning upon the grassy hedge that had been placed there to prevent the cattle boiling over. The sun was setting behind the western sea, with all the broad crimson glories of illumined clouds and glittering- expanse of waters. Agnes had taken off her bonnet and laid it beside her. Splendidly beautiful she looked as she stood there, with long wavy hair and softest golden, exquisitely moulded features, and complexion bright and rosy with the hues of country life. Her girlish figure, and innocent, child-like ways almost entirely concealed a strength of will and latent passion, of which none but Holmes had the least suspicion He stood by her side, while her eyes wandered over that scene-the tranquil flashing waters stretched out before him, the glories of cloud land around and above, and the long range of scarped cliffs rising above the sea line to right and left. And then they were fixed upon her face, lit up also with that ethereal brightness from the west, and softly and slowly he spoke again,: " Agnes, I've made up my mind to speak it but come what may I I'm going to tell a bit of' my troubles that p'raps theo never guessed at. It's only ten years since I came here, and before that-well, never mind, it's all over and done for now. Things had been different with me before. I spoke different, lived different from what I do now. All at once I found myself ruined, with my name blackened for ever, and I chose men should think me dead. I went to the pit, and worked there. Tom, thy brother, was the first that showed me any kindness, then thy mother, and then-Agnes, there was a bit of kindness in thy voice and ways, and I began to hope a little. And I came o' nights to the toll-bar, and the more I came the more I hoped and longed for thee. And now it's out.. Agnes, canst thou care a bit for a poor rough) fellow like I am ?" "Oh George, I never thought of that," she faltered out. s: Never thought I" said he, laying hold of her hand with passionate grasp. " Never thought 1, when I used to guide these little fingers of' winter nights in our schooling, how I longed to seize j them and tell thee all, or that when we wandered about on these cliffs and talked of' all strange things in the big world, I was anything more than the stern old schoolmaster ? Well, I was a fool. Curse it all and he stamped with sullen rage and impatience. Her head was bent low, and the tears were fast falling again " Agnes, dear, look up," he went on, with a sudden change in his voice. "I see it's no use ; I was a fool to think any ' woman would care for me again. Well, never mind, I won't trouble you in this way any more. But, oh ! if you could only love me, child ?" he spoke out with another burst of passion, I would make you be happy happier far than any of the poor fools about here would do." " Oh, George, didn't I say it was idle mistake the way things go !" she said, looking appealingly into his face. "You were so good, George, I never thought of that-and then there was another, and he used to court me, though neither you nor mother knew, and I love him, oh, George, so much I But I don't know how it is, things have gone wrong, and I don't know whether he cares for me now, and I'm so wretched." Helmers was too generous to ask the name. Still, he thought he might watch over and help her, and there was no knowing but she might learn to love him at last. So, with some hope yet loft, he talked of other matters the fair at Saxby, the new steamer anchored in Saintby harbour, and so on, till it was time to return to the cottage. He would not go in that night, but wandered instead for many hours by the sea shore, with the gently murmuring waves and the countless glooming Store for company. Then he returned to the mine which he was overlooking and did not leave it till again the sun was setting on the following day. A week went past, when one night George, worry and disheartened (for things were going on very badly in the mine), strolled along the beach till he came to some seaweed covered rocks. Lying down and resting his head upon his hand, he remained there motionless for a long time, with his eyes fixed upon the waves that in restless mood were boating upon the rocks before him. It was about 9 o'clock, and the night was now very dark. All at once he heard footsteps approaching by the narrow path which wound along the side of the cliff at a little distance above his head. He looked up though the darkness was too great to see any one, but at the same time he heard voices, and evidently the speakers had stopped just above where he was lying. At the same instant he recognised their voices. They wore Agnes Benson and her cousin, Jim Massey, a good-looking, hard-working fellow, ignorant and thoughtless, and too fond of spending his money in publichouses, with no ambition to be anything higher in life than a working collier, but with no worse faults that Helmers knew of. It was bitter torture for him to stop, but he could not move from where he was without being discovered, and he did not wish that. The lovers' quarrel had evidently been made up; their talk was half banter and half in earnest of a happy future, in which none but themselves should have a part, and George detected iii the soft tones of Agnes' voice a joyous ring that he had not heard in it. Then came the sound of kisses interchanged, and still George had to listen. Then they passed away up the hill-side, in the direction of Agnes' home. George Hoimors stood erect, his back against the cliff. All was still save for the long melancholy cry of a sea gull that chanced to fly past him, and the hoarse sound of the waves beating at his feet with the grating rattle of the probables as each spot wave drow book from the shore. The thick darkness was about him and within his soul. Terrible to him was the clamour of those waves as they rushed up the beach, and then retiring dragged with them their prey from the shore. The sound was in his ears like the dirge of his hopes overthrown, his life drawn downward, downward by the waves of pitiless fate, to the depths of that ocean of despair that never more gives up its dead. Chapter II. A strange sight is a coal mine. Wonderfully picturesque with its streets and lanes and alleys, its unending corridors and countless chambers of the dead. The men there, with blackened faces and scanty attire, score of another race from those above ground, and the feeble lights gleam- ing in the midst of the darkness give a word, rural aspect to the scene. The only sounds heard are those of the coal waggons slowly pushed along by boys towards the mouth of the pit, and in the narrow passages, where the men are at work, the clang of their pickaxes his, they, cleave their way through the great rocks of coal. Men are not the only things here. There are horses that have not Been tile daylight for many a year, to draw the waggons in the broader passages, and sometimes, if the light of the lamp is turned towards the ground, the bright little eyes of rats (how they came to that under- world I don't know may be seen peering out of books among the walls. There is an almost fearful sombreness about the place. Thoughts that the daylight would at once dispel seem to haunt the air, and the voices of the men as they wander about, each one, Gideon like, with his leap and pickaxe, have a deeper, hollower tone than above ground. Two days had passed, and during that time a storm, long remembered on the coast, had been raging ; but the men in the mine, accustomed as they were to hearing the roar of the waves above their heads, paid little heed to the increased noise, George Hoimors alone had noticed it, and each day had spent more time than usual in examining the supports of the roof. It was now night time, and he had been superintending some rather dangerous work in the lower levels, of blasting with gunpowder, which much against his advice, the owner had Ordered. This being done, leaving further order for work with the men, George turned away and walked alone in the direction of the pit's mouth, carrying in one hand a large canister containing the gunpowder ;> in the other his lamp and the heavy stick that, on account of his lameness, was his constant companion. Even in that imperfect light it might have been seen that a great change had passed over his face ; it was haggard and pinched looking ; there was a strange restless glitter in his eyes, and now and then his lips parted with an involuntary quiver- ing movement, quickly pressed together again with that stern, set expression that was now habitually them, ., in Instead of leaving the mine, a sudden thought seemed to strike him half way, and he turned aside and entered a part of the mine long deserted on account of the danger of working too near the bottom of the sea, but which recently had been opened again and though George had many times warned the owner of the danger of weakening the supports of the roof, large quantities of coal had been taken from it. All was still as he advanced through the narrow passages, but soon these widened into a more open space, and as he entered the noise of the tumultuous waters overhead was' fearfully loud. A cold draught of air smote on him, and made him shiver. The place was known to the colliers as the Beggar's Hole," or the' Ghost's Hole." It was an immense low-roofed, hall, one of those natural caverns that exist, beneath the sea and land and in the centre was an abyss, into whose depths no human being had ever penetrated. _ The workings had been carried on along the sides; and a rude pathway led half- way round, abruptly stopping above the great chasm. " The poor light which George held illumined only a narrow circle round him, but he knew the place well, and, cautiously stepping along, reached the part where the last workings had been made, and which was so low that he could touch with his hand the black slimy roof, to which gigantic loathsome fungi clung. As he stood there will fancies stole over him. Loud -above sounded -the rthunderou*>booni of the surf, and beneath him "lay, wrapped in eternal darkness, the great mine, stretching for miles into the depths of the earth. He seated himself on a projecting rock, the canister of powder on the ground at his side, and the lamp held between his knees. What were his thoughts just then I know not all-but there was one, fiercer than the clamour of the waves above, more terrible than the abyss beneath him he had lost all, all ! He looked back upon his life all had gone wrong from the beginning, and now, when at last the cup of sweetness had seemed to be so near his lips, he had seen it dashed away. No ground his teeth with rage, and then his passion J took another form-his breast heaved, and a great sobbing cry rose to his lips. | If she only know how I loved her He love ! A moment of the love I could give her' would be more than a lifetime of his. But I know that never, never-lot me make an end of it. 1 "Ah, and Jim Massy, too ; a light to his powder, and there'd be no victory to any one the sea would cover us too close for that ! But the others ? Pooh ! it's only dying a little Sooner and what is life to stupid, toiling drudges like them " I A terrible smile passed over his face ; he placed the lamp by his side and bent over the' canister. Only a light to the powder, and the rocks would be given, and with a mighty burst the sea would rush in and whelm them all He took out his knife and proceeded to open the canister, which by some means had been fastened down too tightly. But, hark ! Close behind him, just beyond the ending of the path he heard a rustling, crackling sound, then a crash, and a huge frag-, most of rock rolled down, and he was only just in time to leap aside before the place where he had stood was covered with Bhivered portions of it as it descended, and leaping from ledge to ledge, at last, with sullen roar, was lost in the dept h below. Still he listened, for another and more dreadful sound caught his hear the town swishing sound of falling water. He crept as near as he could along the narrow pathway, and as he did so his face was sprinkled with the cold spray of the torrent. He held out his hand, and then, touching his lips, tasted the water, It was salt ! > , , j 0 L Still and breathless as a statue to stood for a moment ; the next, holding 'the, lamp before him, he was rushing with wild speed down the broken pathway away from the place. As he approached the entrance he stopped, and for a moment looked around itrbéwildormont-ho had mistaken the road, and instead of taking that % which he had corrio^hadfßllowod another, which abruptly stopped-li'mass of coal had fallen and" broken it off. He had no time to turn back. He threw his lamp down,;antl,;us'ifortuno would have it, it was not broken but only fallen on one side about 10ft. below then, drawing his breath, he prepared for the loop. He did not know the ground the lamp had gone out. If he leaped he might fall into some deep fissure ; but there was no time to hesitate. He took the leap and fell ; the firm ground was beneath him. His arm was bruised and his ankle sprained, but he hardly felt it. Re-lighting his lamp, he dashed along through the narrow passages towards the main where the men were at work. ¡ At last he met a boy slowly dragging along a small waggon. He caught the lad by the shoulder, and shouted to him ' j "Canyou run, Will?" . _, " " Ay, or can," answered the boy. ' " Then run your hardest, Will Tell them in the lower main the water's coming in, and in an hour we'll all be flooded." , " Faythor's there " the boy cried, and without another word, rushed off. ! Other boys were sent to the other parts of the mine, forced by George's stern voice to obey, as he told them he would not let one man leave the pit till they were all there. > Then he waited. And if any one had soon his face as he stood alone, a strange change would have been noticed in it. There was now a look of such triumphant gladness as for many a year had not rested there. He stretched out his arms like one who had just ended some weary labour. Then his head sank on his bosom and he muttered : " O God I Saved ! saved ! Thou hast kept me from it, and I may yet save them." Quickly he recovered himself, and went into a small office where he kept his books and instruments. He took from a box a small revolver and some matches, and went out again. He then set light to a heap of shavings and dry wood lying near the door, and this soon blazed up, illuminating the whole place. And again he waited. Soon troop after troop of the men, flying at their utmost speed, reached the pit's mouth, and a fearful sight it was to see the struggling mass of men, each one, with maddened shouts and blows, striving to come nearer to the basket. ' But George Heimors' voice was heard loud above it all- j "The first that touches that basket before I told him, I'll shoot that man I" ' I ( They saw the levelled barrel of the revolver, and drew back. in a and crew dock. , " Those that are married stand here." , , - ¡ And in silence the man obeyed him. He then signalled to a certain number of them to enter the basket. Not an instant was' lost, and they were hoisted out of sight. The others strained their eyes to watch the ascending mass, calculating how soon it would return to rescue them. Some of the men who had their sons with whom clasped them tight in their arms, whisper- ing messages to be given if they were lost, for in nearly every case the fathers chose that the boys should go in their places. Some sank to the ground, muttering prayers that they had never spoken since childhood, and others listened to George Honors as he told them there was still a help if they would obey him Jim Massey had been in one of the most distant workings, and was one of the lost to reach the pit's mouth, and now he stood by the wall apart, with eyes bent down on something he held in his hand a lock of Agnes' hair that she had given him the night before. More than half the number of men were now safe ; and the basket, whirled up by those who knew just how much depended upon their work, had just left when George, in the calm voice with which he had spoken before, said Mon, who's to go next ?" There were only about twenty loft, men and boys, whom George had many a time helped by words and deeds ; they remembered this, and all cried at once " Next turn's thine, master-we'll come after I" " Thank you, my lads," he answered quietly, " I'm not going this time, but I want to send some one in my place. Will you let me in Not so eagerly this time but still the answer " Ay, master I was given. Jim, come here," George shouted. "You take my place when it come again. Nay, lad, you must. Remember, Agnes wants you, Jim. You'll be good to her, won't you 1 And tell her sometimes the last words I tried to say aware, ' God bless both of you I'" I i Once more the basket descended, the few that I were chosen leapt into it, the rope was shaken 63 the signal to hoist up, and! with, one tight a grip George and Jim on his a by And as they parted Jim looked at the other face, and never to his dying day did he forgot what he saw a there the bitterness of death had passed away, and a strange peace was shining forth from his eyes. This was the lost freight. - George already . had heard the distant thunder of the waters bursting in full flood into the miners He r knew the end was come and when the basket was ascending he turned away down a side passage that he might not seems agony of the poor men when they found it was too late. I . A Just as the basket reached the level of the upper ground, where hundreds ' were waiting anxiously to watch the arrival of each company that was saved, a tremendous black cloud rolled up the pit's mouth, bursting up with a fearful roar high into mid air, and when it had cleared away and the men peered down the shaft, far away in the darkness ' benoath'th'oy'could hear the dash of the waves, and Sometimes thought they could discern their white gleam as they leaped to the sides of the shaft. vJrni Massey and several others volunteered to-^go'down and ! seek for any who might be still struggling in the water. It was too late when Altey reached the place, and only a few of the dead bodies s were ever recovered. L A The mine is now deserted, and its buildings , are in ruins. f r i j I ,/ . sorry Some time after the disaster of part of the cliff above it, probably undermined by the action of the waves, fell down one stormy night, I and now there is. great cavornlÜannderiiig , away in dark passages under the cliff where part of the coal mine had been, "." *" A It is easy to penetrate beneath these gloomy arches in a boat during finojweather,''and many times in after days, Agnostic a happy wife and mother would come there with her child t dren on summer days, and tell them the story of how their father's life had been saved. And ' ! when she had ended and leaned back in the boat as they floated on through that silent gloom as of twilight, the large tears would gather in her eyes for him who lay in that unknown tomb of his, far below, in some dark cavern of the sea. 