OUR VICTORIAN LETTER. [From our own Correspondent.] Melbourne, July 9. Mr. Berry has fully realised the ancient table of the demi-god, who gave birth to what eventu-<*> ally destroyed him. His political destruction has been compassed by those who have turned out to be mote extremely Berryite than Berry tiinna-if. jf any man is respoaftiMfi for Miram*. ZiODgmore, CVfiOgblen, Woods, L. Ik Smith, and others ef that ilk, it v Mr. Gxaham Barry. Xhey were bis vary creatures until the time csme for that reversal which led them in pursuit of their Tiyafor J*lta a, pack of encaged atd insatiable dogs. That Mr. Berry has beem torn in pieces by each political hounds is the natuxal outcome simply of his own rabid, violent., selfish, and hct. It would be impossible to rrmwnber Black Wednesday and pi^y this gentleman, even if a far more tragis fate bad befallen him, aad it is hard to *cc bow any aane anas who bat been familiar with tbe history of tbe oolosy daring the butt four years can be otter than glad at ens prospect of a wmrtio?, however brief, of Berrjism. -Kothing ooold possibly be mate pitiable than tte manner in whiah theex-Fmnier paltered for power. Driven on every aide, ha fought in a circle, and fs?ed all romid, jumping- Jim Crow like a marionette, and doing.to-day, what fae yeetwday declared nothing would indnoe bim to do. There was not the shadow of political principle nor of perwonri oonsisteacy. It was from fust to Isat a matter of junbloadunc compromise and ezpedienoy, rendered flagrant' by *h** n>ft*t nakctf *jh" ?? ?i"g and semsh ness. At one time it was given on* authoritatively that the Eeform Bill aa ?mended by tbe Council would to adoptee by the Govemnent with * lew immaterial alterations. Then, in fane weatherwear fashion, tbe mot 4'ordr* was that the Bill was to b? abandoned altogether, because the Sads of tbe Comer woold tava it so; and then at the last moment, as quickly aa the wind changes from north to tenth, tbe Ministry elected to throw themselves into the arms of the Opposition, for tbe reason simply that these ymOemen, with the assistance ol some on the other aide would, have pasted tbe Bill without them, and ep cut tbe ground fEomvndertiieir feet. Strange aa it may seem there sue menin the colony wno> apeak of tfthe m&gnificent; punUo services 9 which Mr. Berry has rendered to the country, who allude to bunas a martyr, and woo will da their utmost to Trhihiiitam *''?" on ***? pedestal from which he has been ?a i tadely shaken. She eyes "of the people," co- I called, are even yetso littie opened that it is questionable whether ?general election would not tend hum back to the Boon with a more compact majority than be baa bad daring the; present Parliament Tbe one tiling that oeiaa bim in respect to popular sentiment is the feel ing that he has been betrayed Jby .those of hi* followers who are aisappointi.d of place, end who rallied, combined, and plotted in that Adnllam's cave, the Oemer. Messta. Mirama. Longmoxe and Co. axe very virtuous of course, but I should think it would be impnsslhl? to> find anyone in Victoria simple enough to doubt that these gentlemen would have remained the stancchest and most extreme of Berryisas if office and pay had bees found them. Bight or wrong thay wiQ be credited with only one thing—Tiediotivenea?, because their ?'?****? wen overlooked. Mr. Berry has no doubt M?w??if to thank for it to a great extent. The composition ef his hat Cabinet was seen by every one to be very injudioioaa. He would have done better if be had cane bask with the old team entire. Even if tiuawas not practicable—and tike Age would have nothing of tVongmore.northe Borne of Woods—the sew men could not have been chosen with mnch worse jodgment. Williams of tbe mines, a. youth in years and* tyro in politics, ha 4 just aignalised fciwaaoif ffliw *^**^irfTfi tP*g*< fWTfI~ tionf; and Clark ot theOnstoms bad not fully clesnsed from the ill odor of having stigoaatued Her Most Gracious Majesty in a manner which brought iCr. nloodie six hundred miles to administer petaoaal eLaatfeement to him, In addition to this Gaunson, the retailer of mgtag and for Lootber conoaivabls reason than that a pad lock might bo put upon bis remnrseleiM and vituperative tongue. Good men and true might have been found for these poeta, but Mr. Beery preferred to bny off bis anemwH, hi tbe doing oC which, however, he found the only ?geot to be that be largely increased both their umber aad virulence. Tbe debate on the vote of no-confidence was P fj?ijiijph?ti^ foe nothing so mnch as I**l* retiW cence of the Opposition. The leader* of that bedy were obligad to announce that they could Dot refuse to go along with the motion without atoltifymgthemtelvta. Xheyhadnoeonndenoe in the Ministry, and they wen bound to thy as much and to act aooordingly, but the talking lay chiefly betweea the Ministers and then* quondam and Cecil* citrant supporter*. Sir Brvaa OXoghleo, the tcover of tbe resofattion, is not a very good speaker at the beat; and bis rather badly-com psoted arguments derived no additional forae from the relation in which fae had stood to those whom he now wished to dispossess. His refu tation wbne in office was that of an extreme Berry ite, and it was known that he would have been Attomey-Geueral of the Administration which he was assailing if Mr. Berry could have been'prevailed upon to eonoede any of titt Catholic claims in respect to education; but what was wanti?g in the fitness of the man was men than made up for by the "ff^? of tbe time. She fated hour bad come, aad Sir Bryan did as well for executioner as any other. Towards the dose of the debate^ when he saw that policy and putting ? face upon it no longer availed -him, Mr* Berry became unwontedly eavage, and struck out from the shoulder in a way which is new to bim, excepting when he is on the stamp. Some of the corner men, with an inoonsistanej which bas met with bo explanation—becanae I appre hend it is not possible—after inveighing in the mo*t positive ?"^ trenchant manner against the administration annonnped their intention to vote with the Ministry, on the ground that bad . as they were, they still had a targe portion of tie Liberal following behind them. Their votes, however, were of ao avail, and Mr. Berry, knowing this beforehand, turned upon them with the earageness of a Tartar, denounced them in most unsparing terms, repudiated their tupport, and f-rclatmed—"You hypocrites! jch cowards! you are doing this to save your akin, you are afraid of your constituencies, go over to tbe aide to which you belong, you hypocrites!!'' It may be said tiiat this was bnt a sample of the very plans speaking which took place between the different camps into which tte laberal party has been split up in the House. Mr. Vale, the suave, aoft-tongued, and gentle-mannered Attorne y contributed quite a sew feature to the debate. Happening to espy Sir John OShanassy paring bis noger*nai]s with the* grotrlfti"*ll^ courtesy, which is so prominent a feature with him, expressed the hope that Sir John would make hjT?"?w pnentabie elsewhere, and not make the House a place in which to dean his ptreon. It is bard to believe thata man ?an be AitoiceyGeiieral, and fool enough at the same time to deal in trivial hut irrita ting personalities of this sort; but the lhte Ahoi?cy-Gencral is a queer compound iLade up chiefly of a too conscious smartneas, aa unveiled outspokenness which is meat to stand iur hesetty—bnt sometimes fails of its mark— sLd an egotism which is simply phenomenal. Sir Jobn was of course greatly exasperated by tfce tLoustrcas impertience, and did not fail to sLow it. He is in no way remarkable that lam awate of for the biemeinea of life, but he ia Sir Charles Grandison >?i??????f in comparison * itb Mr. Vale. Master P**ck has seiied upon tbe salient points of the incident in a manner too gcod to be lost— Sir John, according to newspaper tales. Bat piling tbe rims of bis finger -sails. When Mr. Vale, so nice and refined Pelt shocked at Sir Johris indelicate mind And started, and ahnddered, and aetmod to suppose Tbat some othei night he'd attend to bia toes; And, therefore, in future fae hoped he'd think meet To dean up his body ere takmg his seat, At this Ij. L. Smith from quietude ceased, And jumped is bu booto and called Vale *'? bea*^^ And tte member far Belfast a litUs bit niiku C^oponhtoeon^anaapoealodtotlaanMdgK. Vlmfe tita oa his pale ?iiialgb|oS?rway; Said E*r? it was conduit improper of Vale a TO fri. up ? grievance with otiier mea'a nails; A&d; Vele then explained that he t&ought; it bat hit That member* should not do their tiUeLta work And then Mr. Vale, these words having aaid. Bet to for five minutes' at B*rataa-.ag hi* &eaa;'. Mr. Berry ?n not satisfied with the verdict of tire Home, but tried to fate*, the Governor's hand to appeal to tt*s country. HU chief ground wae- that while members nid that Hwitters had not Use confidence of the House it *m certain thai the House had not the confi dence of tile eountey. The Governor desired him to put his arguments in writing,, but there was but little of argument bearing upon the question in anything that he had to advaaoe. The whok firing wsa little bettor than a farce. Mr. Berry krew beforehand that be bad not the ghost of a chance, and the Governor was quite sure that his Premier was the last man for whom ? chance would be made. The gist of tile Governor's reply was that the Parliament bad been in existence bat a brief time, that a tiiseolnticn was justifiable only where a. ques tion of public policy was pending, that as the Befera Bill had just been pasted no taott <jues tion was involved, bat a question only of the ftrantnd of the Ministry, which was ? mifer for the judgment of tbe House. His Eceel- Icscy regretted—which, by-the-way, he did not, excepting in a sense purely conventional—that he ends} not aeeede to tbe recommendatioa of his Ministers to dissolve tie Hmue. On being asked what advice he had to tender m to who should be sent for, Mr. Berry showed some huff, and replied ttutasthe only advice he had to give had not been acted upon he had no farther xeeemmexdation to make. His Excellency— not, it is eaid, without corn filterable misgiving as to that gentleman's power to form a stable Ministry— sent for Sir Bryan OXoghlen, About tbe ability of tills gentleman to form a Cabinet there is no doubt, but then is grave doubt whether he can form one ttat the House will accept, or that wSI bold together for a month. IBs first step was to offer the Treasurership to Mr. Murray Smith, hut this was promptly declined to the v?ry thorough satisfaction of the Opprs- tion; for the- leader of tfaat side of the Henaecooidnot Join htmnffto Sir Bryan except ing as Premier without tacking on the entire body of the Opposition to Sir Bryan'* very small ta3. Hi?nextstep was to ascertain the degree of support ?m? Sir John O"Shanawy would give him; but Sir John, although his following is very limited, is in his own estimation snoh a host in himself, and assumes himself to have men vast prescriptive righto on account of historic potttiaal antecedents, that he also could not coffer himself to be tasked on fix Sir Bryan's eenvenieaoe. He is one at those who trasfchoUesssf place** none; lacking the for ner.he win wait and tee what the eoopasaaon of file new Ministry iibrfbn committing himself. Mr. Longmore and Mr. ??????? have also been approached on the, subject, bot just bow discre tion is the bettor part of valor with them. It 16 all but certain thst the latter, who has just assisted to dispossess Mr. Tjaogridsje, his col league fcr CbHingwood, would find bii?Sslf on ceteinoniout>y ejected if he were to appeal to tfaat constituency. Sir Bryan 1* only chance ?earns to be with the more mwiwato and non aggressive men of the secondary degree on both Bidet of the House. He appears to be tenacjoos of pre-eminence in the new OaMnet, and non? bnt mat who are needy, or who have their reputation to make, are likely at present to jom his standard. Heesnnot be said to have made a good potttioal reputation. His manners in the Bouse are net eonetOatory. He has quite an average share of the traditional Hfteroiaa simplicity, which fails to aeias ijuiScUy the fiteeue peinfc in question* He fwqnen?ybew?eaiK?inmatedoaly after hiving perpetrated Iris boll and-put bis foot into it" He w absolutely witbo?t a fallowing, for when he wait from tbe Ministerial to tbe Opposition side the otiier day be did not take a single per son with him. His ccly hope is in tiie tolerance ot the Opposition, bat he can have nothing in cd?Sitm witsb tttwn, nuKum?h m bo avowodly <to clicHitofoUowtheMinirtry tit naese they ware not " liberal" enough. He may be said to have, for ? the Bcnce, the ineoogrnous support of the ex treme Goner men and ef tbe Opposition. How he can po*?ibry please them both, or continue to cenbiEe their help, is what a* man oansee. His Ministry, if be should soaeeed in oonstraeting one, will be of an entirely fortuitous ehenoter, and ito existence a matter of forbearance and accident from day to day. Afc the date at which I write his Cabinet is but half formed, and none ef tbe pkces except that of Premier is definitely We have been doing our best to make the yenrg Princes feel that we are an intensely lojal people, and if the Prinem have not felt thst cor effusive i-epi.iment has been embarrass ing, and that less protecting would have answered every tequisite purpose as well, they must have been both a little obtuse and un commonly long suffering. Their programme, wfaieh was out and dried for then*, was a very elaborate eve, and they must have been heartily glad when they went on board tbe Baoctuota for the last time. They-attended the races at Cbulfield, and balls at the Town OaU, Hel twerne, at Sandhurst, and a£ tre Government H**ee At Sandhurst- they had, of course, to repeat the Moonta ordeal ef going down a mine, slid' in sundry other ways daring their *t*y they have bad to undergo an amount of ssecisi drill whisfa mot b? trying to anybody but Princee, and could hardly help being irksome to them. Thw are said to he very well behaved youths; sod ease who protest to find tke mind's sonstructioti in the face express their satisfac tion at the presumptive elevation of Prince aToward when the lemote time for that event ab ell arrive. De Qnincey has an able paper on v Murder as one of the fine art*." We axe unfortunately ?Me to furnish an example of murder as a natu ral instinct. A strange and diabolical tendency las shown itselfin a form which it is tobehsped is new, and is certainly appalling. William Henry Hall, of Neutown, a lad of ten yeas, cfeads charged on the verdict of a coroner's jury with tbe wilful murder of Thomas Hok, a ts^tinteiUtentDttle Chinese boy of the age ot five. Hall shot little Hok in the leg, whether by accident or of design is not quite dear ' When he had done tins he ran home and asked s> little sister of about seres to some and help him bandage the leg. The boy. in making his eosUesrion said," Aftelshot him we tied bij leg up, and Sarah went home. I then cut his throat. I cut his threat wish a tableknifa. He was by himself. All that Jim did was to put him in a wahrhnto. Jim is aa elder brother, about fonrtwn years of age. The smaller boy tried hard for a lens; time to fasten the guilt upon him, until it was proved tfaat Jim was engaged waking with his father at a considerable dis tance at the time the Bonder was perpetrated. She barror of the frightful ?n'mf —am? to culminate in this attempt on. the part of the mnrdener'to inculpate his elder brother. It is all very terrible in itself, but it is perhaps still sore terrible for what it reveals. The Hall family five within, a mfle of a State school, and witirin essy irach of rJases of worship, but the children appear to have been never inside ertfter school or church, excepting in one in ctacee when one of the boys attended a few times a Sunday-sshool with the object of getting placed at aa impending picnic. The moral neglect lying at the back- of the horrible deed, is perfectly appalling, and tfctaeistoo much reason to fear that it is auy thfawbnfcunoammon. What is to be done with tkeeMd-murdeter now mgaol, no one can tsJL it seem* impoasfiUe to hang a child nine or ten jeers old, end impossible at the same time, in view of the claims of society, to set such a Woodthiisty yeung animal at large. Several months have elapsed since the death of Sir Bedmand Barry, ens of the Judges of she Septeme Court. He stood unimpeachable in bis judicial character, but the work which he did outside of bis profession in the higher social and ncipirtifin walks of life, must have been nearly, if not quite, equal to his labors on the bench. He was a man of much sharp- Bees, shrewdness, and experience. There were ' -very few who touched life at more points, or that had a larger influence than he with the persons he came into contact with. There has ?Men and can be no question aa to filling his place quite. The man fcim—i* would be re quired over again to da that. His seat on the bench remained vacant untQ ? few days ago, when Mr. Hartley Williams was elevated to ttstpwt by the retiring Ministry. The only thing like a demurrer that baa been heard in tbe ease Uthat he is if anything over young; bat it is quite certain that he will mend of that every day, and be is not so very young either. Mt is some time since he entered on his fifth decade, end atones for his oomoamtive jnveni lit*- by being verygeey. Alexander aad Napo leon achieved seme of their greatest victorias when they were, very little "more tkaj half his age. If a man has not the qoali £oation fcr such a position at forty be is not likely to acquire it iv snbae quentyests. Mr. Williams is *on of one of oar esclieat judge*, who recently died in^Englsn after being two or three years out of hunes*. He is a. man of good ability, character, and attainments, and his good fortune has come to sim with the consent of all claues. He is the fiitt judge native to the colony, and who h? received ms training in it. This d? departure fheitrtarc, it may safely he assumed, will ba regarded icith great interest by the rising gene ration of colonials. Amongst the vacancies which remain unfi'led is that of Acrat-General. Professor Pearson was offered thie post at the last moment, but declined toaceeptit. He will not be credited with much virtue for thk act of self- denial. The feel ing i was so strong against his appointment that he would have been brave to hwdihool it he had ventured on accepting it. It should ba known that he committed the unpardonable offence some thus ago, when he, * man of culture, learning aud professional celebrity, and a vary pundit amengstfreetradetstoboef, jomedhands with tbe Badiea's of Victoria on the /sod one*. lion, and went boldly over to the camp of she enemy. When he first ventured on & public fcxpHMoonof his lureticsl views he was heal master of the Ladies'FrwbyterisaOoUece Vie wesltby isadoTnen of the Western. Dlstii* std other '^ 4t \ a o£ victoria were not long | in resen'^Bg the political independency of the £<ote3*Gr, and in a very brief space be was given to understand that he must tVJber cease from politics or vacate his post He elected to do the latter, and ever since has been a sort of political waiter on Providence, with results that are but barren at the best. In view of his possible appointment some of the strongest things that could well be said about a man's incapacity were stated about him with an iteration which meant as much as the terms themselves. His very learning was declared to be a disqualification, in f orgetfulases of the fact that Bulwer Lytton, Disraeli, and a number of others who have made themselves famous in politics were hardly less famous in the fields of literature. Bnt for a quiet-mannered man, who does not vituperate or call names, who behaves himself with gmrlemsnly decency in the House, and who seems to aspire only to the reaoaable wish of being let alone in thst use of his liberty which is every man's inalienable right, Professcr Pearson has enemies wiio are not lees disticgui?bed for their virulence tfaau their numbers, and is at ones tbe best aad-mort btdly abused man in Victoria. Personally he is a most inoffensive gentleman. He is but a moderate Berryite, aad docs not go with his party independently of rhyme or reason; but that he, having at one time stood so high on the other udV, should be a Berryite at all, ii the nsipnrt:**>ni One of the things that raiusteted to tfas er opptional prosperity of tie colooy during tbe last jesr or two has been the increased yield of gold, and the consequent activity in mining enterprises. P^'*^r?t and Haiiillnim in par ticular, the two great goldfields, have taken the lead. At the former place an entirely unlooked-for formation of quirts was discovered. At Sandhurst the increased prosperity has been the result of the general im provementof the mines. The diamond drill has been, brought into use in various places with very advantageous reeulta. In some instaaoas experiment has not justified the promise. In ore instance in particular that lam acquainted with, the drill seemed to pats through small layers of gold at three different levels, at which, wber. search was made, nothing of consequence was found; but is general it must be admitted that the drill is a valuable instemneut for test ing untried ground. A great spurt has been given to mining at Stawell during the past few days, by the faot that a large body of stone has been discovered through tbe use of the drill in one of tiie old mines, celebrated in time put for richness, at a depth of 1,700 feet. The opinion as to the quality of the stone may be gathered from the fast tfaat immediately upon receipt of the news shares went up to nearly four times their previous value. 