f ALES, ETC. EVELEEN REDGREAVE ; OB, THE BARRINGTONSOF BRABAZON HALL. CHAPTER LIII.—(Continued.) BY E. L. A. BERWICK. „ YES at the obligation we put him under to meservo our secrets, and spare Black Bill's Hfe He undertook to ' smash him _ to smithereens' whenever he sets eyes on him, and cried 'murder' when we warned him that such an amusement could not be allowed. We quieted and convinced him at la6t, however and now he consoles himself with the nithv summing up, that his antagonist, ' like J bad hack, has changed hands so often, that he was not worth even a drubbing, and must come to the carrion butcher at last." These are his present convictions—but you shall see him to-morrow." "Is he in Dublin?" «'Yes;—he petitioned hard for a single elimp?e at—a single word with—you ; hutLandow and I were inexorable. There is a tim<5 for all things, and we have postponed his gratification at present, to enhance it hereafter. God grant that— but I will not doubt; The spirit of retribution dogs the guilty man, as surely as night follows dny. He may thrive for a time, and leave many a ruined heart in his course; but the devil has no special favourites, and only p aces his cleverest disciples on the loftiosr pinnacle, in order to treat the world »o a ch"icer spectacle by the greatness of tfieir fall. Ah! honesty forever! It may not bring us name or fame, title-" or rewards—b'it ifc insures us a quite conscience, which is superior to them all." "Are you not afrdd of Walsh's recn- "Not a bit; he was made t-o sell others and to b* sold hims-if. I knew I was sure of him the fir-t m m -nt I laid my eye on his villainous face. A ' bold, gay-faced villain,' like Pierre, may be loyal even to vice; when a whining, caDting hypocrite, like Juffier, is only fit food for the rack. Ever distrust i:i man (or woman either) the smooth tongue nnd subtle eye that seeks to read your secre's in your face. Base is the coin in which they deal, baser the prizes puvcba'ed by its Use button your purse, close your heart, and shut your door at their approach ; for, sure as calumny has stings and falsehood wings, your name will suffer and your heart be wrong. No, no! Black Bill is now as much my own as if he were a block of granite fashioned for my use. If he has a soul, I have purchased it; and, with such a fee-simple in my hands, I am pretty certain that the remainder of his stock—bone, blood, brain, and sinew—will always be at my disposal when I choose to summon them. I retired early—but not to sleep. Never was transformation more complete—never were tlie personal fortunes or prospects of any human being more suddenly transmuted than were mine. True, there was still one drop of bitterness in my cup uutil my darling Mary was free ; but, like her ardent lover, I soared beyond doubt, and rested upon the courage of others and my own newborn hopes. CHAPTER LIV. IF larks ever condescend to sing over hotels in public cities, I was awake with the earliest of them. I rang my bell at eight, and was attended by the pretty Mrs. Bellingham herself. Another supervision of my person, another kindly effort to make me more attractive than I was. " Wonderful, miss!" she said ; " what a turn the merest trifle may give to the character of the face! I'd die down dead sooner than put scarlet in my cap—it misbecomes me so. Mr. B. can't .abide it; he says it sends a double tide of blood to my checks, tod makeB me more like a peony than a blush-rose. I conquered him at a blow with a delicate mazarine blue—and blue it shall be till my corpse is laid in the coffin; as well he deserves of inc." I descended, but breakfast was only a nominal meal with the best of us. "The spirit of sloth has descended on the dial," said Bouverie, putting up his watch after woking at it for the tenth time within as "nay minutes; " and I must give him his own way, since he won't go beyond his own miserable pace to oblige me. Tea—have I not drunk it already! By Jupiter—forgot! Steady—George Bouverie! He that goes to oo battle with the devil should have cool brains as well as long claws, or what he wins »J one organ he may lose by another. Nine passe—that's better," he went on, walking npand down the room, as the public clock wiled out'its regular chime; "in another now I shall be either the happiest fellow in Umstendom, or—a wretch for life." His cousin laid his hand gently on his arm. . Alfred, I know how you love me," wui the agitated young man, -wringing the ®Mly hand that had sought his own; " I not dead or deaf to it, although at this ®[»nent I may seem so. Give me my way, fellow. It is easier to preachthan J™ 0 ®®; 'Il est plut aise d'etre sage pour let qucdeV etre pourtoimtme.' Ifeelifrmow—it tingles through every nerve ana beats in every pulse; but, by-andbye, yon shall see me as calm as courage—or despair." " Let him go," said Lord Landore, in a low voioe tome, asMassinghamhurried from the room ; " we must only think and act for him the more. With such a wreck in prospect, if we fail" " The carnage is come ronnd, my lord." " Be good enough to let Lord Massingham be told, and shut the door." A few "last directions and suggestions" were interchanged between us, and then I went to dress. When I returned the cousin's stood calmly talking together, and at my appearance Landore offered me his arm, and we proceeded to the vchicle. In a moment we were in motion. During our short transit not a word was uttered; circusmtances had made it a momentous crisis to all of us, and anxious thought, is seldom profuse in words. The time might have been long or short for aught I know; for in what seemed to me to be a few seconds we stopped, the door was opened, and the steps were let down. I looked at Lord Landore: hig features wore a composed but stern character of their own, which I had never before observed; I glanced at his cousin, and was delighted to observe that he was pale, but calm. " Now comes the trial Eveleen," he said, as he stood by my side ; you are our ally, and we cannot fail—" The carriage had been left at the corner of the street, and we walked on to about the middle of the houses it contained. " Twenty-five—this is the house!" said Lord Landore, as he gave a quiet, gentle, unobstrusive knock, at the hall door. In a moment, as if he had sprung out of the ground, or been conjured there by magic, Walsh—Black Bill—stood lounging in oar rear. The same wily eye, the same quiet air, the same dark brow ! If he were made of penetratable stuff, it must have been an awkward, if not an anxious moment to him ; but as he raised his hat and looked at us all round, no snowy peak could have showed a colder front. " Look at him !" murmured Landore in my ear. " 'Tis conscience doth make cowards of us all; but this fellow has parted with his so long ago that he forgets there is such a commodity, and never feels the want of it." The door was opened by a slipshod servant-maid—a maid-of-all-works, as she seemed. Lord Landore took the initiative. " Mr. Barrington and his family lodge here ?" he said. " I—I'm not rightly sure, sir," she said ; " but I'll ask. Who shall I say wants them." "What is your name?" he inquired, detaining her. " Mine, sir! Julia, then." " A very pretty name, indeed, and it well becomes the wearer. Now, J ulia, here is a guinea, and just show us to the room in which Mr. Barrington is at breakfast—" " Lord sake, sir !" she oried> gazing at the gold with a wistful eye, " but there's a gentleman at breakfast with the family—a Mr. 0 something or other, but I know there's an 0 in it, anyway." " I'm charmed to hear you say so, for that is the very man we have travelled hundreds of miles to see," was the reply. "Take your money, and usher us up." " You're a friend of his, sir?" she asked, with some misgivings, " for they bid me say that—" 1 He was not here—true, but you have told us he is, and such is our longing to see him that, if you make more delay, we will ascend at once ourselves." Thus imperatively urged, the gentle Julia went before us, and, having come to the landing-place, she was about to hasten her pace to announce us. But here again Lord Landore detained her. "Do not trouble yourself to announce us," he said; " that is the room, is it not ?" " It—is, sir." " Very well, your business is done—leave the rest to us. Tell the man who entered the house with us to answer the bell instantly when it rings. Thank you, Julia; you shall have another guinea as we go out." She made her best courteey for the weloome intimation, and then disappeared; whilst Lord Landore walked steadily forward, gave three imperious knocks (how significant they must have been !), and then opened the door, held it open for me and his cousin to enter, and then deliberately closed it again —all without a single word. I shall never forget either the aspect of the group into whioh weso suddenly intruded, or the scene itself whioh followed. At the head of the breakfast table, and in the very aot of helping a dish of mutton cutlets, sat Mr. Cabbell O'Fea, dressed with infinite care, and smiling blandly at the dish before him, as he smiled at everything. On one side of him gat Mrs. Barrington, smiling at him as he smiled at the ontlets; and on the other—a wider interval apart—was poor Mary, looking like a lily which had been plucked from its stem, and whose white petals had already begun to droop and wither. Lower down was my uncle, undressed, unshorn, uncared for, with a drooping crest and a yellow eye, as if despondency had done its -wont on him, and hope ana self-respect had fled. The touch of a magician's -wand could sot have created a more instantaneous transformation than did our most unlooked for appearance amongst this differently constituted group, each individuals member of •which showed lis or her feeling in a different, but still characteristic, way. Mr. O'Fea, Those keen eye wae.fhe first to discern us, suspended the -emile on his lip, and the cutlet on his fork, and, overlooking my companions altogether, teed his dilated prba onmewith a gaze of honor, M&J; jrep> Ifcediwanhodiea spirit of his integ&ed; victim rather than thai victim ft**" 33ft knife dropped from his g h t c a a f he raised his hand slowly to his forehead, and then suddenly let it fall again—to clutch the knife once more. Mrs. Barrington reddened literally to the eyeB, for neck, and brow were crimsoned; after a moment, the blood receded all points, and she grew fearfully pale. On our first appearance Mary had Btarted her chair, but had sunk back into it again, and murmured words which were too indistinct to reach our ears. My uncle stood bolt upright, looking like the slovenly ghost of his former self, and surveyed each of us as if we were part and parcel of some wild and incongruous dream. He was the first to speak, however, and he did so in a thick, guttural tone. Eveleen!" : he ne exclaimed, exciaimea, wonderingly, wonuen dropping his words one by one, as "it were, " In—in the name of Heaven, girl, what wl is all this about, and what has brought you hither ?" I advanced to him and took his hand, which he permitted me to do aB if he were an automaton. "I have much to say to you, sir," I said, calmly, " before I quit this room; but, as it is needful, for your interests as well as mine, that what I have to say should be heard patiently, I entreat you to recall your sensps, 60 that I may be perfectly understood. Sit down." He cast a troubled, apprehensive look towards the top of the table; but Mr. Cabbell O'Fea'a face was a blank, and there was nothing to be gleaned or feared from it, for the present; so he sat down, and I placed myself by his side. By this time Mrs. Barrington had partially recovered her self- possession. She, too, glanced at her general director, and must have been struck with the half-idiotic set of features which met her eye. Mr. Cabbell O'Fea's hand played nervously with the haft of his knife, and still his eyes were fixed on me—but that was all. There—there is a time for all things, my dear Eveleen," she said, in a voice exceedingly uneven, although she did her best to steady it; " but, before you address your unole, would it not be well to—to permit him to renew his acquaintance with Lord Landore ?" " I propose to myBelf, madam, the pleasure of renewing my acquaintance with Mr. Barrington hereafter," replied Lord Landore, at .this intimation; "but, as it is material that Miss Redgreave's explnnation should be first listened to, you will be good enough to permit her to speak to her uncle without minding me. This gentleman who accompanies me is my cousin, Lord Massingham " —Mary started; " but he, like myself, will be content to give precedence to your niece." A sharp, quick flame darted from the eye of Mr. Cabbell O'Fea, as the deliberate tones of the young nobleman fell on his ear; it was a chance for him, he thought, although a feeble one. He quitted his hold of the knife, and, rising from his seat with tolerable firmness, he said, in a slightly tremulous voice:— " Aa this seemB to be a meeting for family bussiness, Mrs. Barrington, I will beg leave to withdraw.'' " You will be goed enough to resume your seat, if you please, sir," replied Lord Landore, with a punctilious bow, " as you will find, I think, that you have a very particular interest in listening to the proceedings which Miss Redgreave will have to detail." " That, my lord," replied O Fea, with wonderful courage, " is for myself to judge ; and, as I have already formed many engagements for the day which cannot be post- " They must, sir—we cannot afford to part with you," interfered Lord Landore, quietly but firmly. . " My lord! I do not understand this," returned the desperado; "you and I are altogether strangers to each other, and I cannot understand by what authority you presume either to oontrol my actions, or to point out what I should do or leave undone." 4 4 1 speak to you by the authority of the law, sir," replied Lord Landore, in the same equable voice as before ; " and, as I have the means very olose at hand to enforce my demand for your presence and attention, it will be for yourself to determine whether its officers shall compel you to remain, or whether their intervention is for the present unnecessary." " I—I nave nothing to fear from the law, my lord," was the characteristic answer of Mr. O'Fea, and he smiled—aotually smiled— as he delivered it; "but as you seem to threaten me with its interference, I feel bound to remain in order to test your accuracy; reserving to myself the right of ulterior proceedings against all parties—all, my lord, who may venture to injure or calumniate me." He resumed his seat when he had concluded this hardy speeeh, with an air of dogged resolution; but still his eye was on me. " Having so far conquered the scruples or this—gentleman, Miss Redgreave, said Lord Landore,you will now be permitted, I trust, to commence your explanations to your uncle without farther interruption." " One moment, my lord," said Mrs. Barrington; "MIBS Barrington has been somewhat'delicate of late, and I must trouble my niece to poatpdne her. observations for a moment, untB I see her to her room." «Oh! no,' so,' ni) !" exclaimed Mary, interceding^; " let me stay—let me stay 1 l am strong—I am well; and I am safer here- Pray, let mestay!" i, ;. . " You >h*U stay, Mias Barrington,!' began" the fiery Bouverie, but his oousin'ehand. was onhisarm instantly. , 'fMrs. Barring^ >^ be gt^ ^ough to comply with her daughter's wi6h," be aaid, "' and the more so When ! pledge jto her iiy word that she, too, is interested in the matter we have come here to discuss. You, Mr. Barrington, are now prepared to listen to your niece, I hope f" he w< on, addressing my uncle, who seemed to b- too helpless and astounded not to be at anybody's command who might desire it. "Itis a singular—a very singular business, my lord ; but—but I suppose there is no objection to what you ask—I know of none." With this permission I commenced my story. " You remember the time," I said, " -when" the delicacy of Mary's constitution rendered' it necessary that she should reside for a short period near the sea?" " Of course I do, my dear—at least I think so," was the answer of Mr. Barrington. " Let me sec: it was in the month of—" "Pardon me, uncle," I said; "the particular period is of no consequence, as the results of that visit are the material points on which I have to dwell. It so chanced that, while we were from home, we incurred a great and sudden danger, from which we were rescued by the unhesitating kindness of twoyounggentlemen whom we had'neverseen before. This effort on their parts led to a further intimacy, which on ours we saw no reason to decline. Our DewJ friends were known to UB at that time by the names of Alfred Montgomerie and George Bouverie, and under thoBe titles it is necessary for me to declare candidly that a very confidential intercourse, which ended in a still warmer feeling, sprung up amongst us. Mary Barrington lis toned to a confession of love from Mr. Bouverie, and, as I know, reciprocated it; while I, older and more guarded than she was, repressed my own feeling* of regard for his cousin, and did not altogether sanction an avowal of his. You are aware, uncle, that our recall was a sudden one; and that, when we arrived at home, Mies Hetheringtun became an inmate of your hou^e. She then thought that Lord Landore was all but her declared lover, and ibat his promised visit to th« Hall waB made in order to secure her hand. From her description of her hoped-for lover. I fancied that Alfred Montgomerie and Lord Landore were the eame. Cir> urns tan ced as I was with him, and as I then was in your family also, I did not wish to have our connection Known; I therefore, intercepted him on hiB progress to the Hall, and requested that it might be kept a seer-1 while he remained. You know what followed. " Lord Landore will tell yon himself that he never gave Miss Hetberington the slightest reason to suppese that he was attached to ber, and that hia vi»it to your house was made solely in the expectation of becoming better acquainted with me; in point of fact duriag his sojourn he made an offer of his hand, whioh 1 thought proper to decline. All this includes an amount cf deception and mystery on my part—for Mary acted altogether thoughout the matter by my persuasion and advice. I admit that it did so; bnt, circumstanced as I then was, I thought the concealment a pardonable one, an it injured no me but myself; acd I did n< t venture a Bingle step farther than my anxiety to avoid domestic dissension rendered it necessary I should do. I kept Miss Hetherington's secret; and I said not a tingle sentence in her disfavour to Lord Laudoie; but I warned ber to fore, o her fancied claims upon him, because I knew them to be visionary, and was certain tbey must fail. I struggled against her confidence, and retuaed ber offers of f iendship and protection, both because 1 felt it would be dishonest to accept the one, ani disagreeable to place myseif under a c. mpliment for the other. " Had you alone been the person to be consulted, I would have confided in you, and solicited your advice; but as itwas, I paused and hesitated ; finally, I ended by embroiling myself in difficult ie» whioh I presume it is the fate of intriguer* always to be surrounded with, at one period or other of their career. " Well, then came the departure of Lord Landore, followed by that of Miss Hetherington. My life was attempted by one who called herself my friend, and who would have saorifiued me as an offering to her offended pride—" "Your life!" interrupted my uncle, who was gradually begmniug to oome to his senses, and to take a very earnest interest is my narration. " Your life attempted in my house! Surely you must be dreaming child!" " My aunt c&n; answer for my trnth. She heard of the attempt," I said; " and it was by her desire I cushioned the crime, while she dismissed the perpetrator." " That was bad -ill-judged—improper!" he exclaimed, with increasing spirit; "I should have been consulted in.: this, Maria," he continued, turning to my >annt. "May God forgive my -weakness! but Z fear it has led to consequences I never could- have foreseen, and which a greater strength of mind might have enabled me to provide against, or, to avoid altogether. Wrong—wrong— always wrong!" He covered his face with his hands, and turned away as he said this. "Iadmit," said Mrs. Barrington, in a deprecatory tone, " that shocked as I was at Barbara's nefarious attempt, I advised Era-, leen to allow her to escapebecause, just then your troubles were commencing, ana 1 feared publicity. It is needle** for me to add* thatneithet X, nor Miss Hetberington* were preyinusly aarare of the woman's dis? bolioal attempt." (Tobeeonilad«dinour«exL.) 