TREVELYAN ! CHAPTER XXVlII. Lord Adlowe paused a few moments by the gap in the Park wall, and gazed after the wagon in which Giralda sat bound, a helpless prisoner, as Haskins drove briskly on his way toward the bluff cottage. Then the scheming profligate entered the Park grounds, anld strode briskly up to the mansion: He sauntered into the drawing-room with a leisurely air, and sat down by the table in the chair he had before occupied. The Marquis, was still seated before the fire,"but he turned' around with an uneasy look at the entrance of his nephew. ' Strange ! this sudden illness of ,Giralda !' said the old lord, with a stifled sigh, his blackl eyes gathering gloom. 'Poor: child ! There, can, of course, be no impropriety in my going up to see her ! I am old enough to be 'her grandfather. She may need a doctor-' ' Nonsens'~' uncle Trevelyan !'. laughed Lord Adlowe. `'Your. adopted' niece is probably homesick-nothing more I' The Marquis looked still more disquieted. ' Homesick i' he repeated, with a sorrowful intonation. 'Perhaps so. She has '.been used to a gay, bright home. Yet she has seemed happy at the 'Park. She certainly loves 'me. Ormond, I am going up' to' her. If she is ill, lier mother must be sent for.; If she is sad,. 'I will coax back her smiles !'. He reached out for his staff, arose, and proceeded slowly toward the door :.: At the threshold he paused, his face grow ing suddenly stern, as- a thought. flashed through his mind. : ' I am glad you; are called: back':to to0n to night, Ormond,' he said, bluntly.. ?,Giralda has been cautioned against you, and she' may be staying up stairs till you are gone !' Without waiting fbr a reply he passed "out,' and ascended the stairs, proceeding 'to Giralda's door, at which he knqcked softly.: Of course there was no respcnse... . He knocked again. 'She may have fallen asleep,' he muttered. 'She may have fainted !' and his uneasiness deepened into a positive trouble. He hesitated a moment,, anid. then gently opened the door and stdpped into the room the room of Geoffrey Trevelyan which he had not entered for eighteen years !.. ;-. The fire was burning pleasantly on the broad hearth. The wax candles ;ere lighted is their silver sconces on the tall mantel shelf. The luxurious' white-covered easy-chair was drawn up before the `fender;. .The whole aspect of the room was pleasant, peaceful, and inviting. . LordjTrevelyan saw at a glance, that Giralda was not there. 'The pretty bed in the alcdive, its white curtains looped away wivtl ;ribbons, was tenantless. 'She must have got lolrlyland gone to the housekeeper's room,' thoaghlt the Marquis. ' What a pretty' place is the cliamljer of' a pure young girl ! I seem to 'feel Giralda's pure presence all around" me ! FlowerS:. and books, and pictures ! Ah i'. He uttered thatistartled exclamation as if wounded in a vital, part. His roving glance had rested upon the pictured face of Geoffrey Trevelyan--that fair, boyish, innocent ; face, with its wonderful. violet ', eyes,: so like; Giralda's. He .-sank down in. a chair. by Giralda's® writing-table,, and gazed at -the picture, lhis ruddy face almost as white as snow;,:' : ' He hid seen niio pictire ofGeoffrey :"sinice the day he had expelled' the youth "from :'the Park under a cloud of slhaim~e and disgrace. The pictured face seeted almd'st like the liviig, face'of his lost Geoffrey:' :A flood 'of tender memories swept over the oldid man's soul in a waitn and living tide, driving before it all'the coldness and ice of his long hatred. He put his hand to his heart with a quivering groan, still keeping his gaze fixed on those blue, fearless, loving eyes.: , ' My poor boy !':he murmured, in a broken whisper, his black eyes 'moistenling strangely. ' My innocent, loving boy ! 'How I loved him!' He cotitinued to gake at the picture as a man dying in Easterni deserts o"f tkirst may gase at the far-off palm trees that denote an oasis and living spirings wlich lie has niit strength to reach. SIt" doui't seem-credible that that face could hide a soul as, black as a demon's !'he :mut tered, still in that.strange whisper. ,.'"It does; not seem possible that the heart ben~hiath that angel exterior could harbour thoughts. of theft and murder, and basest t'reachery and'intgrati tude ! Yet Lucifer was:. n angel .of' dazzling. beauty ! • My poor lost Geoffrey ! How strangely; Giralda: reseubles". him !' Could Adlowe's auspicious of her paternity have _a foundatic ' in the truth? ' ': ..., , .' He wasseized witha sudden fitof trembling, his colossal figure.shaking as'. itli an ague. He reached out his haildc tchliring the writing-desk'for suppoit, .His fin'gersibrushed against the letter Giralda ..liad writfeli. him; Helifted it.idly, a smile:traversing tlik gldoiii of his 'countenance, j . -:: ,. : S'The little asigel!, i'e thonugiht fondly,.: Sihe has been writing to lier mother, and:has for gotten tod stamp her letter.'. .;':.:.:. . He glanced at the address, started,: and tore it open :nervouslj;. :: ':'::; :::? He read it, "tli"snile fri-oe-on hilis lips.i, ' Gone ! goiie I lad \said,' Ifolli?l: ' She has left mne l And I oved lier so.!: hiWhjt is there about me that all wholim : I love are untrue to me, 0or, forsake'me?. Olh, Giralda':! I would have died for'.you !' - He laid his grand old head down n;, her doik, sind. sobbed aloud. He hliad hot expe rieneed such emotion for eightdei ydars- not since the great shadow had fallen oi his lifie. And now it seemed, as it had seeimed tlihen, as if the great deptlihs of his s'dul were broken. up. 'She has deserted me !' lie thought' Sihe is tired of the grumbling old fellow iwho loves her so. ' Oh, my darling ! my damlin'glI aud his whole frame wi6 iracked with his bitter tearing grief. 'Yet shed does?? love me I' he added. 'She says so in hler letter. She is in2 geat: trouble. i Ormond Adm?ired ler~l Can he have pestered heir iith prbfeesioiis of love? 'lBy hWeaven, if he hias, he will regret 'it-!' - He checked his sobs, and sat up. He noticed that his -gifts to her were all tifere;, and that the trunk which had arrived for her from home that morning had appiarently not been unpacked. The arrival of that trunk. ,e evidencethat she had not been summonedd home. She hs been gay and joyous.enough, Ihe wh'a aet oe on her ride vibu Zalise.. He had jhot seen hir sitice, but it'was'evidcnt that some trouble had fallen upon her, or that she had been seized with an uncontroll able homesickness. His suspicions pointed to the former theory, and to Lord Adlowe as the author of that trouble. 'She has started-for home, as she says,' he soliloquized. 'She must have started since nightfall, and be on her way, on foot and in this darkness, to Trevelyan station. I must go in search of her at once.'. H He put the letter in his bosom, and hurried down stairs, briskly, his gout forg6tten in his excitement and trouble. In the-hall he encountered" a servant, to vwhom he gave; the order to have the charot got ready at once, and he then reentered the drawiing-room i 'Adlopwe, looked up, at his entrance with a half-suppressed yawn. S'Well,' he said, with assumed'lightness, ' is your adopted niece ill,; or merly homesick, my lord?' '(What have you been saying to her to-day, Adlowe ?'': demianded the Marquis, sternly. The. profiigate started, and. colored. S.I.?' .he ejaculated. 'Who says I have been saying anything to her ?'. : 'I do !' declared the Marquis.'. 'I demand to know what you have said.' Adlowe-hesitated. lIe was acting a part now, and meant to act it well. ' All I know of the young lady's proceed ings to day- is this,' he said after a brief silence. ' I was in the garden when she entered it, in her riding-habit, after her ride with Zulime., She was looking' very beauti 'ful, and: I told her: so.. I admired her ex tremely. In fact,' my heart was touched. I told her so, and asked her to become my wife she refused 'me, and returned to: the house;:. But surely, our brief interview cannot halve made:ler ill ! She did-not tell 'that I was not respectful and considerate.' The eagle-eyes· of the: Marquis strove' to pierce his nephew s soul. He was not half satisfied with Adlo.we's explanation, and his dissatisfaction appeared in his glo0my eyes and knitted brows. .' You have. driven her from. me,' .he ex claimed, with' a :savage vehemence, blazing lights shooting out from the gloom of his eyes.:, -' She is gone ! The only 'creature I love in the world has left 'me ! I warned you tolet: her ailone- poor, innocent, per secuted little one ! Now,, understand me, Ormond, Lord Adlowe. These. estates are mine while I live. I shall claim my rights to the uttermost points of the law, and close the doors of Trevelyan .-Park against you during my lifetime, unless yoi assist,me 'in finding Giralda, and when she is foind, make 'toher such apologies aiid explanations as shall cause her to'return to-:me; You :hear: me ?' ' I hear,' was the quiiet response.. 'I will endeavour.to' obeyl, you, `..Uncle 'Trevelyan; I am sure that :in' offering honorable marriage to Miss Arevalo, I had no intention of' offendiinglier iand driving her from the Park.' ' That sma' y or may not be so !' said the old lorJl, with a cynical smile. I think, however, that you speakltruthfully. Giralda, with her neat little'fotunie and her wonderful beauty, would no6tbe a bad speculatiosi ,for'you,' and he sneered, , especially since you: 'must begin to see ;thit the `Lady.: Beatrice Hampton -doesh't care: two straws;: for-you,; and. iasbeen. playing wittli yout: all .'these , years;' 'But get' ready... The cliariot will soon be'at the door I' fHe rang for igby, anrid ordered his 'over coat :.andmufflers:. He was . dressed " and: iiipatient to bel:gne long before the chariot was announced:. Adlowe-was also ready and eqluilpped for his journey to London. . ' Now. drive, like the lfuries l" commanded his lordship, addressing the; coachman as he paused,- his hand on the door of; the vehicle. ' But mind and stop at sight of thefirst person' by the- road side I" '"He made ai dive:into thec interior of the chiariot,;Lord Adlowe follo?ing. -: 'Where's'th'at villainof yours,.Ornisond ?' he imquired,: leaning back; as the vehicle started down the avenue. '. L.That Haskins,. I mean, with a strangely :fainiliar face and: unfamiliar. name ?' He is over'at the station. I sent him in advance ' "vas the careless ieply. .' Humpli I Well, herei we go Now keep a good look-out, Adlowe, if you want- me ever to treat you decently again :Find Giralda for fie 'and I'llpay your. debts for you,; and ithink 'you are:not so bad as.you see I' . ' ?.The lumbering: old' chariot rolled on down` tlie'avenue, :eliciting groans from the Marquis now and theni'as his gouty fRot -was jarred' and: firequent 'curses from i the" :Sybaritic pi ofligate ; No sign of Giralda:;was seeii on the road leaIding: to t:-hie: village.: Regardless of his pains, LIrd Trevelyan kept i?i a constant watch from i.teither dw wind , ith :the eyes of a ly',t whlichl nothinig escaiped :He ordered a stiop onqe ori 'twice at Sdme road-side busli :or stone,?:in lthe shalidow of which hie fancied a" \oman was sitting; but, of course,l his search was vain. Onr reaching :.the station, Adlodwe booked ihimself for his jo.irney, w :hile Lord T'revelyan Imade urgent inquiries, went to the inn,. and even looked iiito tlieshops in the hope of finding his lost darling..;' i"'.:?..: .:.. I,-,n"ai It Was as if she had disappeared f "il th" earth on leaving 'Trevely-in Park. ' W'liere cai she be.i?! ejacui-tted tlhe Mar quis vith a wvorn, wlhite face, -as he apptroached -Adlowe, vwho bad seated himself on: a .pro-; jecting roof f thei station. '' There is'.some mystery in this iyhich .I- cannot fathom. Giraida said in her letter she was going home.' Tlhis is the only riute to hler home, yet she. is not here. Where is she ?'::-::.. :.? Co' uld she hiave fallen over: one ofl those awrkwvard bridges ?' suggested Adlowe, with an; appearalnce of concern,-;' The moon had not risen when she tlt.'6i l o ",':" -"?'·.t A'. ' Slhe mnight !'"relponided' the Marquis, ivith agitation. , I will wait until the:' tirain goes, to see if she co0ies tiup. She may bewalking aboutthe. streets to pass away the time.. If I do not find her here, I will search the road over which she must haveipasse d Ip . ' She may be at home, iafter all; It will all come obut right;,:unicle And thlere comes my train'"'·i Adlowe started up, bustling and :self coinscious. The train dashed into thie stationi,. Adlo\~i' tookl his seat, aind was 'lhirile away on his journey, leaving the desolate aridalmost broken-liearted :,old lord to codmmence his melancholy search for his lost Giralda.- " At the"first station at whichli they' stopped. Adlowe.telegraihed to-Rush, the detective, to niee'e hii? 'it the London stati~in.' This done; he drew his coat-collar around his ears, settled back in his seat, and gave himself up to thoughts in which some pleasant ones were mingled with the bitter. He arrived in London at a late or rather, early hour. Detective Rush was in waiting for him at the station, and the two proceeded by cab to Adlowe's hotel. Not a word passed between the couple concerning their business until they were seated in Adlowe's dreary room. Then Rush rubbed his hands and chuckled softly in appreciation of his own keenness. ' The Lady Beatrice Hampton is a wonder ful woman-wonderful I' he exclaimed. ' As keen as a briar, as sharp as a razor ! I never met with such caution, such guardedness, in the whole course of my professional career 1' 'Yet you telegraphed that you had tracked her to her secret retreat?' said Adloi'e, anxiously. 'I did. I have. Yesterday afternoon the Lady Beatrice, with one trunk and ,a bag-it is well to be always exact-set.out for Victoria station, ostensibly on a week's visit, to the Charltons of Charlton Place, Surrey. I followed'to the station. The footman told me, by judicious pumping, what I have just learned. I booked myself by the same train. Her ladyship got out at Dalton, a station fifty miles down the line. I went on to the next station, not to arouse her attention or suspicions, and returned by the next train. As I half expected, her ladyship, with a different shawl and a heavy vail, came on this train, going back towards London. 'he got out at Limely; but having treed my game, I' did as before, going on to the next station. I returned to Limely an hour later. My lady was not there. I inquired of a porter,. describing her ladyship. He said that a lady answering to her ladyship's description'i had'. got out at Limely, and that she had gone to. Senor Arevalo's. Senor Arevalo, it appears,. is a Spanish gentlerian, and lives at a place called the Evergreens; i The Senor's pony carriage was waiting for her ladyship., I found out the Evergreen's, but it is shut :from the street by a high brick wall, and its gate was locked. My investigations ended at the gate:, HoweVer, I took an impression of the lock, and procured a key to fitit otb-day. Here it is !' Adlowe flushed with pleasure. ' You have done well,': he said, taking the key. ' Your reward shall be ample... I have learned something while` away, and I hold in` my hands the clue to all this mystery:.; I be lieve I know who this Senor Arevalo is. Did you make inquires 'about him?' Yes, my lord, of the tradespeople. Few people have seen hini. i He leads a very re tired life, is a writer, or some such thing. He is a grandee and exile, from Spain. That is all I learned. ' Ah !:' .The actress, or singer, is the Lady Beatrice 'Hampton,' said Adlowie, with a:'t bitter smile. : '' It must be an intrigue, my lord,: or, we have.not yet fathomed her ladyship's secret,' said the detective gravely. ' I have searched all the parish registers at the West End;' nd have found no register of her ladyship's. marriage with any one. I doubt that she. is really married. ' Adlowee considered the: question in serious earnest, beginning to hope that the connec tion between the Lady Beatrice and' the.soil disant Count Arevalo had not the sanction of. the law. Remembering her ladyship's .pride? and firie sense of honor, and the honor also .of liis traduced and wronged cousin, he speedily dismissed this vain hope.: ' I discovered, as I said, from the footman, that her ladpship would be absenit .a ?week. She'means to spend that week'. at the' Ever greens. Your lordship will therefore, have time to confront her there, if you choose to do, so, when your lordship is fully rested. Am I to go any further in the matter, my lord ?'.added the detective, 'or do my services end here ?' iI may want you fur.her. I don't know !' said Adlowe reflectively. 'But not just now. :Ican work up your discoveries to suit myself at my leisure. You will be 'i readiness to take up my work at any time I. may require you.' He enforced this view by laying down Ibe fore .his ally a bank-note of. handsome' dimensions. His lordship had raised money since his return to England, in that"i manner so well known to British fast youth-tlihat is, by post-obits. This borrowing money on the strength of his expectations from Lord. Tre velyan, and thus directly calculating on the demise of his lordship, was in full keeping. with Adlowe's character. ` The detective pocketed the money, received the compliments heaped upon him, and took his depirture, leaving his.lordship to take and pursue the threads he had so carefully un. ravelled. A : dlowe spent the forenoon in bed. In the afternoon he calldd at the Earl of.Hampton's, ekpressed his regret at the absence of the Lady Beatrice from town, and.,drovei with LIord Hampton it'Hyde Park. He dined at his club, and sooi after, half disguising him self in his surtout,, inade his way. to the Victoria station, in time for a: down train. He booked hiimself fprLimely, and proceeded thither.s: SHe liad carefully inquired the way of Rush to the Evergreens, and, on alighting a"tl he Iimely station; he took his way.up the street wSith considerable assurance. i It was a lorg walk, as Giralda had found 'it, between the station and 'the Evergreens. Adloie passed over the ground rapidly; anrid halted at last at the ma'ssive gate, in the high brick wall, to which' was attached a board hiearing ' the '"painted -leg'nd, ' The Ever greens !' 'I'm ,all right, it seems,' muttered the pro fligate lord, fitting the key Rush had given lIim; 'I'll take a look in at the windows ! IPll make sure before I do anything rash .:: I' .am armed, doubly armed. If this "Spanish grandee' proves to be Geoffrey, we shall see 'hot work !' He opened the gate and passed into the shadows of the dense evergreens. He moved like 'i ghost up the densely shaded wailks: He approached the house. Lights gleamned from the windows. The curtains were noft' drawni and only thick vails of ivy and climb. ing'plants shaded the panes. Adlowe hushed 'his breath, and crept closer, closer, into the very shadows of the vines, and peered into. the drawing-room window ! TO D5 CONTINUED. Since the drought broke up in' Braidwood district 39 inches:of rain has fallen. '.:..: . . : . . .. • ; ,. , : , 