THE CHRONICLE of 1 RUTH WYNGATE: a tale of OLD AND NEW ENGL AN©. By Annie Lucas. CHAPTER XIII.— (Continued.) Young as he was,— scarcely twenty, — Qaston was no unmeet guardian for the little orphan sister left wholly dependent on him. The Reformed faith, for which he had lost all that is attractive to youth, was to him not a creed merely, but a living principle that bound him to a living Saviour, whose constraining love was the' motive- power of a life that was singularly holy and pure. Soon after he had left France the .tidings reached him that his property had been unjustly granted by the kiug to a distant relative, as a reward for his abandoning "the faith, of tho fathers ; and it became necessary for him to labour for his own and Aimce's daily bread. Knowing it was hopeless for him, bearing his father's name, and a poor Huguenot exile, to seek redress of this wrong, he quietly accepted his lot, aud by his talent as a painter and by giving lessons in his own language, he maintained himself and his sister; in comfort. They were all in all to each other, and to the holy teaching and example of that ' beloved brother Aimio was indebted,: under God, for the bright and happy realization of the. love and. grace of God in Christ which . had. been so precious to her in her sorrowful, after-life. For nearly fifteeu years they lived together in theiri lowly lodging in the. quiet village of Islington, near London--the affection, at . once filial and fraternal,- ; that existed between them; growing deeper and tenderer as tithe passed on. No other love came ; to take the . first place in Aimhe's heart, and:. it was. not till one of the last of the happy evenings they were to spend tegcther that she learned that Gaston had endured the long, :;slow' agony of seeing, one dearer to him than -aught else on earth, fade, slowly into her early grave amidst the horrors of .that dreadful siege. : i At last a sad evening came, when Gaston did not- return till long past his usual hour. . With an anxious heart Aimeo watched and waited. Hours passed, and still he came not, Her anxiety grew to sickening .. dread, the . dread .became agony. It .was a fair, sweet summer, night, and she' sat , at the open casement, watching. At length came : sounds: of heavy steps — as of those who carried a burden— which smote upon her heart like a death-bell. A few seconds more of agonised suspense, and two men with something between them', paused before the door. Ere they had laid their burden down, Aimde was at the little wicket-gate, at which sho'was wont to meet her .brother. -. Too truly her stricken heart told her , that it was he who . lay beneath the heavy folds! of the cloak that was spread over thai motionless form. With the energy of despair she dashed aside - the covering, before the bearers could check her-, and.the pale, pure light of the, summer moon fell full- upon the beloved face on which she looked— Gaston's face. Yet tho cry of despairing anguish that broke, from his young . sister's pallid lips raised not. those sealed lids, stirred not those chisled features ; for there rested upon them the marble stillness — the awful calm of death. Mystery shrouded the fate of the gentle and holy Gaston de Beauvoir. He bad stayed till near midnight by the death-bed of a fellow-exile — for it was his wont to seok out the'lonely and distressed,- and perchance orriug oues, of liis own land and'tongue, and to aid them with such silver and gold as he.conld spare, . as well as , -with; treasures of faith and hope, .drawn'from the. un. searchable riches of OhriBt— and had been found- lying dead, < stabbed to the heart, in a - retired spot op his homeward way. ' . There were niarkB of many, feet near the spot, and it was thought probable that he had fallen in the way of one of the bands of drunken gallants which infested the neighbourhood; but how he, the gentle, in offensive Christian, could have become embroiled was never known; and the murder of .a poor and friendless , French exile was little regarded - in those unsettled times. But Aimde always believed that.it was in seeking ' to deliver some helples's'maiden or inoffensive person from insult or violence. '. Of. that dreadful time Widow Nowel. said,— ' 1 My heart was overwhelmed, Ruth— my trial seemed greater than I could bear.'. But He was! so patient' and so tender with me. Through the wildness, and bitterness of my sorrow he was with' me. When I rebelled, he , oast me hot away ; when I murmured, ho chided not, but drew my, desolate heart closer and cloaer to his own. And when the rod had done its destined work, when sitting in my lonely room 'toiling,, with weary fingers and. aching head, ' for the daily bread I must hencefprth.wih for myself, I could say, ' Lord, I am content, " 'If the; wound is deep, and one that can never quite heal, .the oil and wine thou pourest into it are all tho more precious for its bitter aching;; iftho beloved voice, and tender - smile, -and ;loviiig touches for which my- heart craves so sorely, are. -gone from my life for ever, thou-art'hear and dear, and precious 'and tender. I know thee ; now-" as -1>' never ' knew > thee before';'- and' that knowledge! would not lose- even for Gaston's presence.— He sentonce :;more ;tho rich sweet blessing offender liumon love into my ddrkened- life.". :,:.V About two years after her brother's death, she became the wife of 'Hubert; Nowel; a young" Englishman' i whom her brother had loved and trusted, : whose tender sympathy and kindness' in; . and participation with her sorrow, had won a heart of which he was well worthy. Through the - first troubled years of civil strife, at the commencement of which they married, they lived quietly and peacefully in their lowly bat happy home. Hearing the story from the lips of - Widow Nowel, I could well understand how the girl : Aimee cast aside the gloom and depression of her past sorrow, retaining only its sweet and softened memory, and twining the broken tendrils of her fervent heart around her husband, filled his life and home with sun shine that was donbly precious in those sad and stormy times. . Bnt savo in their loving and Christian participation in th., sorrows of otherB, Bhe and; her hnsband - took no share in the passing struggle. She was an exile, he a " child of the light." . One alone in a godless family, he had been .awakened by the sovereign power of the Spirit of God,' withont any human or outward instru mentality, to a deep sense of sin, and of his awful condition as a guilty sinner in the sight of a holy God. After months of wrestling with the terrors ofanawkwardconscience, which he vainly strove to smother down by worldly gaiety and pleasure, he met in a lonely wood, whither he had gone to pour out the anguish of his spirit in groans and cries, a man clothed in leather, and of strange, wild aspect, who accosted him by name, and informed him that he had a message for him from the Lord of hosts. And that message was, " I have blotted out, as a thick cloud, thy transgressions, and, as a cloud, thy sins : return nnto me ; for I have redeemed thee." This was George Fox, the founder of that persecuted sect called, in derision, Quakers (first, I have been told, by a magistrate, at Derby, when George Fox bade him and those about him " quake at the word of the Lord "), but who called themselves " Seekers," or " Children of the Light." That night was a. turning- point in the life of young Hubert Nowel ; the message of rodeeming love was borne into his broken and contrite heart with the power of the blessed Spirit of God; the peculiar views of the strange but holy man who had been ' the instrument of leading him from darkness into light, commended them selves to him as those taught by the Word of the living . God and sealed by his own experience.- Naturally frank, fearless and earnest, he hesitated not to avow his now views to his family ; and in the yearning desire that they should share with him the blessing he had received, he read a special call from God to warn, rebuke, extort, and testify against his! thoughtless and ungodly family. Expelled from his fathers' house, dis owned and disinherited,' he came to London ; and doubtless tho Lord in whom he trusted gave him favour in the eyes of the wealthy merchant who, though of different persuasion, was a light- hoarted Christian, and knowing his story, gave him a place in his office. He had suffered, himself, in years gone by tor conscience' sake, and had (alas ! how little usual was the case) learned to respect the scruples of others. There must have been little in Hubert Nowel of the heady extravagances with which the name of his sect was connected in people's minds. Grave, earnest, and holy, his life was truly filled with the fruits of the Spirit. I remember when I timidly ventured" to ask Widow Nowel if she, too, and Hugh were Quakers, she answored with a quiet Bmilo— "The faith of my childhood is mine still, Ruth, and it is in that faith I have sought to bring up my boy ; ' That Christ died for onr sins according to the Scriptures ; and that ' he was buried, and that he rose again the third day according to the Scriptures :' that thus dying he became our surety, our ransom, our substitute ; that thus going down to the grave he bore into its dark depths the sins which crashed him into it ; that thus rising, be left those sins buried out of God's sight for ever, and lives — lives now — the same Jesus— Christ onr life : that he has sent down the Holy Ghost, the Comforter, the Spirit of adoption, into our ;hearts, to lead us into all truth, to teach us all things : that he' has made of these poor lives , and bodies of ours witnesses to, and temples of, the Holy Spirit of the living God. .This was the faith for which my ancestors suffered and died, which I learned at my mother's knee, and which I saw lived outin the peace and purity of my Gaston's spotless life. And, Ruth, that faith was also my husband's. We were one in mind as in heart, and yet I learned no new, strange doctrine. Only I saw in my dear husband a stronger and clearer realisation of the personal voice of God. spokont by his Spirit to the waiting soul, and a conscientious obser vance of such small matters of ' outer form as seemed to me of little moment; and which he never sought to constrain mo to observe, yet for any one of which he would have died. And he was never ' called ' to strange things ; only to such things as the Word of God enjoins, and which every godly Christian performs, — to ' speak- wise words of solemn warning to' tho profane and godless,— of loving help and counsel to the seeking and the: burdened -in '-soul,'— to minister, of the cousola- tions of Christ to the sick and the'dying, and of ;the substanco lie could spare to the pOor and afflicted. Ah, Ruth, my little one, I never understood those hard dividing, lines between '.the children of the one great family in your land ! , I have wept over them and prayed oyer them, but understood' them— never." ' j Four years passed away in unbroken domestic 'happiness, the fifth opened with the prospect of what had been prayed aud longed for as its crown ing joy — the birth of a first-born, child. It was the year in which was enacted that dreadful drama which to, some was an act of stern justice, to 'others an unpatdonableVcrime; . It was "the .latter to John Whitefoote, tlie aged merchant, who,. was, Hubert Nowell's master and, friend.; ' When tlie tidings that the ' king, against whose arbitrary ' and' unconstitutional proceedings, yhe protested at the cost of liberty, and goods, yet to whoso person and title he was, like'so; many.' others, loyal to the core; had- laid'" down his' anointed head on the block, and had suffered a 'traitor's doom; were borne to him in the sick -room, to which1 he had. been ; bound' for many ' weeks, ;they' came to 'him'aB a death-stroke. And tlie first. act of bis son, 'a storn and bigoted man; was to dismiss Hubert Nowel 'from his ser vice. He 'could not' look for the blessing of the Lord, Re said; 'upon his merchandise,; were He served by ! one who' was so manifestly ensnared and deluded by Satan to walk in the vain counsels of his own -imagination. So ti shadow fell .upon the happy- home of the Nowels, soon; alas.! to 'deepen into" utter gloom." ' - The, Quakers were then beginning to come into notice, and as they were as resolute' in adhering to their own opinions as their enemies (and these were all the other sects) .yvere ihy enforcing their own upon them, they began to siiffer. for them ; their' assemblies ' were ' forbidden, and their preachers denonncad as 'fanatical heretics. Hubert Nowel had the gift of utterance, and continued to exercise it; as usual foT the benefit of his persecuted brethren; He : was unable to procure employment. Prejudice was strong: against his sect, and tlieir.resourceB were nearly exhausted when their babe was born, None the less was their precious gift from the Lord wel comed and rejoiced in. Two days were given them to share this new, deep joy together. The third evening Hubert left home to attend a meeting of the poor and despised "Children of Light "in a room over a stable. There was a strange presentiment of coming evil upon tho wife's spirit. " In my weakness and fearfulncss," she said, " 1 clung to his neck, and besought him not to go forth that night, for my sake and onr babe's. Bnt while my tears moved him sorely, they could not shake his purpose." " ' Neither for his sake nor thine, can I tarry to-night, beloved,' he answered. ' The Lord hath work for me, without. There is a deep concern upon my spirit for the sorely tempted and tried ones whom he bids me go forth and hearten with the message that is burning within me. Wouldst know that message, sweet heart? It is, "I know their sorrows." "'And am como down to deliver,' I said,' rmiling through my tears ; for the words fell like bairn upon my troubled heart. ''The Spirit giveth me not that word to-night," he replied; 'no promise of deliver ance,— only of cognizance, comprehension, com passion. _ Yet enough, beloved ; surely enough ?' he questioned, with the grave, sweet, tender smile God ha3 preserved to me on Hugh's lips. " ' Yes, I answered, but my voice faltered. Then he stooped and kissed me and the babe. ' " I know their sorrows — I know their sorrows — I know their sorrows," ' he repeated thrice ere he turned away, with the deep inward 1 voice, and clear, steady light in his eyes, which came to him at the times when he felt the Spirit working mightily within him. Those words were my husband's legacy, Ruth. A priceless treasure they have been to me, such as thousands of gold and silver could never have outweighed." For she never again saw her husband. The little band of enthusiasts were discovered in their lowly meeting-place, and he, who was regarded as their leader, was hurried before a magistrate, and accused of perverting the minds of the Lord's people with unsavoiiry doctrines. Ad hering to his convictions as firmly as those who sat as judges on him had once done to theirs, when called in question for their own non conformity, he was committed to prison. I remember well the pang it gave me in first learning how readily those whom I had so loved and hmoured as the persecuted, became persecutors in their turn. Tho news was brought to tho loving wife, lying hound upon her couch of weakness. For days she lay listening, longing for the stop on the stair, which yet came not. Had not the people of England risen and striven, aud given their heart's .best blood, as her own people had done, to win liberty, — no less religions than civil ; unlikoher own, had they not conquered ? had not tlie crimson seal of an arbitrary monarch'sblood attested their victory ? Therefore it could not be that her husband should be made to suffer for the points in which he might differ from those who would have to judge his cause. So she reasoned and -hoped. At last anxiety and yearning love gave her strength to reach the prisou to which he had been conveyed. He was not there. The message of deliverance had come to him. The day after his arrival He had been seized with the virulent fever prevalent in the noisome city gaols ; and alone, on the damp straw of a prison cell, with no kind hanrl to raise his aching hcaH, or bathe his burning brow, or moisten his parched lips, — no pitying eye to watch his last agony,— no friendly voice to breathe words of holy cheor in his failing ear,— alone, alone he liad.suffered and died. Oh, bitter, bitter knowledge for his desolate,' heart-strickeh widow ! Oh, bitterest gall to Bteep the cruel dart of bereavement ! Yet He (Jwho knew her sorrows, poured the healing halm of His love and pity into hor bruised and bleeding heart, and upheld her so that her faith' failed not. Afew weeks after her hnsband's'death, Dorothy Whitefoot, the youngest daughter of his old master, a maiden of sweet and graeions disposi tion, was ' married to a wealthy merchant of Boston. She had known and loved the Nowels; and her gentle spirit had been sore distressed by the knowledge that her brother bad had a share in sending Hubert to the infected prison, and Bhe pleaded with the desolate widow to accompany her to her new home. , For a few months the high- born Aimeo do Beauvoir filled the post of humble companion to the English merchant's daughter, and then the latter died. Her marriage was a uncongenial one, arranged by her stern brother in opposition to her own affections, and from the first' she had drooped and faded. She and her 'babe were buried in one grave, and the widow and herB cast adrift on the cold world. But the God of the widow and tho fatherless did not forsake them. Though often tried to the uttermost, their bread was given them,— though woii by almost incessant toil at the fair stitchcry in which tho widow's French fingers were well skilled ; and in the fair promise of noble, man-, 'hood and early devotion to God, in her boy's young'life';' in. the strong .'and tender affection that bound tliem together ; in the lowly offices of„ ministering love," which the weakest and poorest can never fail to find ; and, above all, in; the .deep, calm, uu wavering assurance of the unchanging, presence of Him, who says of His . people now, no less" than of His people of old, " I know their,, .sorrows," she found , not -peace and content merely, but- sunshine,— a sunshine which she ahed brightly around 'upon all within the narrow sphere of her lowly, lovely life. i There,, was oheT service of love dearer to; her heart than" all pthers— that of ministering to the sufferers for conscience, sake, of which the gaol wasseldom longempty. Not, alas! "even wholly so in the days I had learned from Giles to think such golden ones— the days when Oliver ruled. An ojected minister," for . using the proscribed litany— a Quaker, for" bearing testimony against something which offended his conscience — was sometimes found there even then. Ah, me ! by liberty of conscience too many understand only liberty for their own. It mattered not to Widow Nowel, with tho memory of that lonely death bed shrined in the heart filled with the all- em bracing love of Christ— all who, according to their light and consciences, suffered for His truth's sake, were meet objects of her deepest com passion' and ' sympathy, whatever were their- failings and errors. This explained her own and Hugh's knowledge of, and cax-c for, my dear grandfather, in his suffering and need.. Ah ! how ravishingly sweet will be that dear saint's reward, when the Master shall turn to her and say, " I was sick, and in prison, and ye visited Me." CHAPTER XIV. a step on the stair. " Life is at most, a meeting and a parting, A glimpse into the world of MigW- have-heen. , (Jeuald sivssbv. A month had passed ; no letter from my stepfather had reached us. My health was almost restored. During the last week I had been able to wander with Hugh through the quaint streets, with their great gabled houses almost meeting overhead, and large busy market-place, which I had first trodden in darkness and loneliness, then lying bright and cheerful in the spring sunshine ; on the neglected quays overhanging the dull, sleepy river, whence the Pilgrim Fathers had essayed to start ; past the grand town-hall, with its curious Gothic front of mingled brick and stone, in which they had been arraigned. A 11 was new and strange, and full of interest to me ; and I felt the delay of my stepfather's reply, as a great relief. I even began to hope that lie might not he willing to claim me, and many an airy castle I bnilt, of a future in which I was to be as then, as a daughter to dear Dame Nowel, from whom I was learning the fine stitchery by which I should soon be able to earn my bread, and a sister to Hugh ; while Giles and Joyce Bhonld be to us, all they had been to rn# and my grandfather. If indeed Giles rocovered ; forI knew he was still lying in a condition little changed. The thought of poor Joyce, good, kind Joyce, who had ever loved and oared so tenderly for me, left, alone in the desolate cottage, often lay ' heavily at my heart; and I felt angry and indignant with myself that I should find it hard to loave new friends, however dear aud kind, when it was possible for me to be in any degree ' a help or comfort to her. From time to time I heard of her. She found means to send tidings to me through the country folk who came to Boston market; and once Hugh, seeing me piuing and distressed, walked the whole distance to Milford and back, on a stormy April day, to bring me sure and special accounts ot how it wa3 faring with her and Giles. And the message he faithfully delivered, (in poor Joyce's own tender, homely words ; and the admission I drew from him that both Giles and she were troubled sorely lest my stopfather should summon me at once to my new home, giving but scant time for the farewell, — to which they both meekly acquiesced as God's will and ordering, yet which would be so hard and sad to speak, — awoke a little dread in my own heart. . . - In my eager impatience 1 would have returned to them at once, but I was still feeble from recent illness, and the only sure means of conveyance, was a stage-waggon, which carried goods and passengers weekly between Boston ancl Lincoln, which passed within three miles of what I still looked upon as my home. It was Wednesday evening,' and T was to leave the day after the morrow. Widow Nowel had stepped in to visit asickneighbour, and|Ihaving finished the preparar tlon for the evening, was sitting alone, listening eagerly for Hugh's step on the stairs, truly seeming to be in a strait betwixt two, — for in spite of my drawings towards Joyce and my old home, I was sadly counting the hours that remained of the companionship which was so very sweet- to me, — when aslow, measured tread on the stairs; very unlike Hngh's: springy step, xva3, followed ' by a knock at the half- \- closed door. ' I know not what subtle instinct sent my heart into my mouth, or why it needed not the words, gravely and, it seemed to me, coldly spoken, as I stood silent and trembling before the person who entered at my bidding, saying : " Ruth Wyngate, I am thy stepfather,' ' Mark Gilbert," to tell me who it was. The grave quiet voice, and formal words, sent a chill to my heart. I could not speak, but doubtless there was a mute appeal in the pleading, questioning eyes I raised to his face. How well I can recall the appearanco my first startled glance took in ere my eyes dropped in ; timid dread, as he stood in the full: light of the fire. A gray-haired man, with spare, slightly bent figure, in the sober garb of a Puritan gentleman ; the thin, worn face,, with its de'ep- set eyes and settled look of half-stern, half melancholy gravity ; the high, narrow forehead, with marked upright linos between the brows, at of one whose mental gaze was wont to be concentrated on one .point ; the square resolute chin, the close-set lips; the air of grave dignity which marked him 1 as one worthy of reverence and respect, but was calculated rather to inspiro with fear than love. I knew that he had come to take me, perhaps suddenly, away from all familiar scenes ; and faces— from all my heart rested upon. Would he make me welcome to his heart and his home, or would ho'accouiit me a care and a . bnrden ? How quickly tho : thought . Hashed through my inind ! Perhaps my stepfather rqad them in my troubled face and downcast eyes, for he came forward and laid his ; hand quietly upon my " shoulder, while he >8aid,.in the same grave, - measured voice, yet in which methonght there: was a tremulous under-current . of feeling. "Perchance thou hast thought the lack of . tidings, betokened lack of the love and care thou hast a right to look: for from me, Ruth. Not so dear heart. Thon art thy mother's ohild, and therefore dear to me." And he went on: to' tell me how, thinking to have reached Boston almost as soon as a letter, could have done, he had set ' forth within a day or two" of receiving the news of my grandfather's death, but had: been delayed on the road: by sickness and divers chances. Emboldened by the knowledge of this prompt care for me, as well as by the kind word and touch, I looked up and saw that - beneath those heavy , overhanging brows, a pair - of soft, sad eyes gave token that within that grave, formal exterior; beat a kindly heart; and took courage to murmur some broken words of thanks for the pains he had been at for me. "It' was a duty the Lord laid upon me, Ruth," he replied.. "Thou art mine now by a . double, charge, my daughter, — the command of the God- of the fatherless, and the dying charge of thy sweet mother. Thy ; name was . the last - ' upon 'her lips, Ruth." ( To be continued.) 