LOCAL AND GENERAL NEWS] ' Cosmopolitan. '- Iu our next. i Crawford and llohdo report under date Soptombor 30 Tho find iu tho Olaumlro and _ Monklatid has causod numerous in quiries for thut company's stock ; salos have boon cffoctoil at 4a. and 4s. fid. ; and to day holders wero asking from 5s. to 5s. Od. Calodonian Unitods aro firm at 4s. ou. ; paroola .have changed hands at that figuro and 5s. Salos aro reported of No. 5 North Lady Marys at Is. 8d. ; Phoenix Goldon Piles are being inquired for at 2s. 6d ; and offers to purchase North Glan inire and Monklauds (comb i nod) at 20s. havo been mado, but not aecoptod. Glan iniro prospoctors aro also being asked after. Groat Easterns aro at 2s. 6d., and aro rising owing to tho favourable chango that has beon met in tho bottom of tho Bnaft.- There was a fair attendance at the Vuriotioa Theatre oil Thursday evening on the occasion of Miss Funny Rogers' benefit. Tho programme included ' The Earth and its Creation', einbraciug tho different phases which the surface of our globe has passed through, witli illustrations of tho earlier forma of vegetable and animal life. The exhibition was certainly very instruc tive, but not quite equal in other respects to the collection of views that have been previously shown, Miss Rogers sang the amusing comic song, ' His Fader keeps de Biewery,' in her very beBt style, and was vociferously encored. A Mr. Shorley, who is new to the Gympie stage, also enter tained file audience with a display of clever clog dancing, which was loudly ap plauded. We remind our readers that the performance to-night, a complete change upon that given ou Thursday, will be for the benefit of the Hospital ; and as it will be .the last occasion that this interesting exhibition can be seen on Gympie, those who have not yet paid it a visit should not fail to do so, especially as they will have the satisfaction of knowing that by their patronuge they will be assisting a most charitably public institution. It will be hardly necessary to remind our readers that tho highly interesting and popular lecturer, Professor Pepper, makes his appearance at tho Varieties Theatre on Monday ovening. Besides bearing the highest credentials from Europe as an ex ponent of science, the Professor's lectures and entertainments are described by the Brisbane, Sydney, and Melbourne press as instructive and interesting in tho extreme, calling forth repeated applause. Tho able lecturer's repertoire embraces a great variety of subjects, including light, fire, heat, alchemy, &c.;, &c.;, all of thorn being treated in a thoroughly popular and lucia manner, and by means of illustrations and experiments brought within tho comprehen sion of the least learned of his audiouco. The seance of ghosts, with their startling and sudden appearance and disappearance, never fails to create a sensation of wonder ment amongst his audience. Illustrations of torpedo warfare, and a great variety of othor subjects, will also be included in tho series of lectures which commence on Monday evoning. The entertainments promise to be not only a great intellectual treat but also highly amusing, and thore will doubtless be crowded houses during the Professor's limited stay. A large crowd assembled last night on the fiat at the rear of tho Union Saw-mill where an imitator of Blondin performed some daring feats on a rope strotcbod at a height of about thirty feet from the ground. The performance excited the admiration and applause of the audience, and the ap peals made to them to drop something into the box for the benefit of tho rope walker were apparently liberally answered. Special Services are to bo hold in the Primitive MethodistTChurch, Red Hill, to morrow, on the occasion of the first anni versary. It will be Been by intimation in onr business columns that the Rev. J. Addison, of Maryborough, will preach at the several services. On Thursday next the usual tea meeting will be held, to be followed by a public meeting, at which the Rev. J. Addison nnd local ministers will be present. The Ball held under the auspioeB of tho Loyal Excelsior Lodge (M. U.) on Thurs day night proved a very successful affair, there being 115 persons prosent. fhe Hall was gaily and at tho same time very tastefully decorated with flags and ever greens, and tho excellent music supplied by MussrB. Snell and Garner which was the chief factor in contributing to tho enjoy ment of all present, was worthy of special montion.' Mr. F. Fell sb M.O.' gave every satisfaction, and so enthralled were the merry ,company|in tho ploaaures^of tho dance that, there was no thought of dispersing until the first boams of Aurora gavo the signal for breaking up. A foot-race for £10 aside is, we are in formed, to come off during the presont month between two well-known local athletes — Thos. Scott and J. Murphy— who are now in trainiug for tho ovent. The distance to be run is 100 yards, and tho race will take place on the One- mile Reore ation Ground. A charge of 6d. will be made for admission to the ground, and all above expenses will be handed over to the Hospital. A meeting of oriokotors was held on Weduosday evening at Hendry's hotel. It wss decided to start the Exiles Olub afresh — freo from all debts Incurred in tho past ; and that tho following otlioors should be appointed : — President, Mr. M. Mellor ; Vice-President, Mr. F. I. Power; Hon. Secretary and Treasurer, Mr. F. W. Mawe; Committee, Messrs. Power, Ohapplo, Harding, Zillman, and Durietz. The an nual subscription was fixed at one guinea. Practice is to bo commoncod as soon as the Gytnpio ground has beon put in order. The One Mile Olub has received a challenge from tho Tiaro knights of tho willow to give them their revenge on their own ground on December 10. Tho challenge is sure to be accopled, and wo hear It Is likely that tho Une Alllers Will, ll it can ue sonrraugeu, niako it part of their programmo to go on to Maryborough and try oonolusions with a Maryborough team. At a meeting of the Committee of the Turf Olub, held during the present week, it waB determined to immediately take the necessary steps to suouro the proposed now course on the south side of tho river. Sub soquently those present formed themselves into another committee, and drew up a programme of Christmas races for Monday December 26. The programme, whioh will appear in our noxt, contains six events— The Flying Handicap of £15, the Stewards' Plato of £15, the Christinas Handicap of £40, the Ladies Purse of £15, the Forced Handicap of £15, and a Hack Race. to arrange for the complimentary banquet to Messrs. Annear and Co., the enter prising and obliging contractors for tho Maryborough aud Gympie Railway, was held on Wednesday evening. It was de cided that the banquet should be given on Wednesday evening, October 12 (next Wodnoaday week), nnd that Mr. Mellor should bo appointed Treasurer. Tho sitting of the Supremo Court at Maryborough will begin on Monday; Judgo Harding having boon delayed by the protracted length of tho Rookhampton assizes. Wo hear that thcro aro nocrimiual caaos of a Borious nature to be tried, and that amongst tho civil cases the most im portant will probably bo the action brought by George Gordon against John Clarke, both of Gympio, to recover £2000 damages for alleged slander. Mr. Tozor is the defendant's attorney, and Mr. Power tho plaintiff's. The following telegram hns boon received by the Mayor from Mr. Hamilton, M.L.A., in reply to oiie asking him to ascertain whether Government intended to proceed at once with the work , required to open direct road to tho.ternrinuB via Lady Mary Terroco It-:' Mnorossnn soys Oounoil agreed with Chief Enginoor to uiako Lady Mary terrace rcud if the Govornuiuiit would nmke the other two roads, and that although 'the Government have kept their promise you have broken yours' The message is not particularly polite— replies from the mighty personage who presides over the Works and Mines department seldom are, There is, we understand, no .mention: of any such agreement in the Council records nor can the Mayor call it to mind. As a matter of fact Government are not making the other two roads in tho sense impliod by the telegram, as it was only tho .other day that tho Council. . paid them a sum of over £300 for the. formation i of the road .from the railway station to - Nash's Gully.1 It is not likely that suoh a payment would have been made had there been any Buch agree ment as is alleged1; and it seems clear that either another misunderstanding has occurred, or the Works department con template doing semo sharp dealing with the Ooutioll. Tho immediate opening of the road being imperative, the Council have made a contract with Messrs. Annear : and Co to have the necessary excavation done for Is. 8d. per square yard. They have, acted wisely, still we hops they. are. not going to quietly submit to the injustice that the Minister for Works seems bent npon inflicting upon the ratepayers of this Municipality, in saddling them with the cost of opening a thoroughfare which was rendered unfit for traffic through the action of the Government. We regret to heard that , the accident which happened to the young man John Campbell whilst working in tho Caledonian United Company's deep shaft, is not of the trivial character that : was supposed when we reported it a short time since. The blow received from the falling hammer has since been discoveredjto have-fractured the skull, and the - poor fellow is now lying in a very precarious state. . An accident happened on Monday to a little boy six years of age, sou of Mr. 0. O'Malley, manager of , the Crown and Phoenix, which was within an ace of haying a fatal result. He was on' his waytotho One-mile State School, when ho found the footputh monopolised by a horse that bears an unenviable notoriety amongst ? horti culturists pa the neighborhood of the Bed Hill for its nocturnal depredations. Having a proper sense of the fitness of things young O'Malley disputed the possession of the footpath with this some what eccentric quadruped, and was pro ceeding to drive it off to its jprqper domain when the animal resented the interference by giving the little fellow a kick on the fore head, and inflicting on ugly wound over the right eye. How he escaped without having his brains dashed out seems a mystery, but' probably the force of the blow woa spent ore it struok him. Dr. Ryan, who was called In, sowed up tho ' gaping cut with half a dozen stitches, and no serious after . results are anticipated. A sad accident happonod on Tuesday to a little boy, son of Mr. G. P. Mutters, Apollonian Vale. While engaged in play one of the elder children seems to nave obtained two or three bottles from uuder tho house, and the younger child taking one of them at once put it to his mouth; The bottle had contained carbolic acid, which had been used as a disinfectant about the premises, and there must have boen u small quantity of this powerful irritant poison still romuining in it The effects on tho child, who was a bright morry little follow of oighteon months, wero immediately mamfost; medical aid was called in, but was of no. avail, for he poor little sufferor, although appearing to rally, for a short time, gradually sank and died shortly aftoi threo o'clock on the following morniug. Muoh sympathy is felt for tho parents in thoir sad bereave ment. The Catholics of Brisbane presented an address last Sunday to Bishop Quiun, of Bathurst, in which they offered their deep cat sympathy for the loss he has sustained in tho death o' his brothor, and expressed the wish that the See of Brisbane might be raised to tho dignity of an Archbishoprio and His Lordship elected its first Arch bishop. Bishop Quinn _in replying said ' he did not think the desire could ever be consummated, because he did not think he had tho ability or was in any way suited for the high office. That was a matter, however, which would of course rest with the Holy Soe.'i Received from the Wids Bay News office a neatly printed pamphlet entitled, ' Rail way to Gayudah, beiug a description of the countrv to be opened bv the proposed rail way to Gayudah via Kilklvan, Beonara, and the Barnmbah Valley.' The pam phlet is a reprint of part of a report of a trip made by Mr. Carl A. Fellberg, when editor of the News, in 1870, over the country indicated in the title page ; and it is now accompaniod by a short introduc tion from Mr. Fellberg. In a certain sense the name ' Railway to Gayndah ' is mis leading. The report takeB the reader as far as Nanango, and then goes oh to say that ? ' from Nanango no great difficulty would be experienced in effecting an ulti mate junction with' the ; existing.. railway system and tliu'B bringing the rich districts of 'Wide Bay and ' Burnett into rail way communication with tho Southern part of the oolony and the ' metropolis.' Whilst willing to concede that the republi cation of Mr. Fellberg's valuable report is opportune and may do good service in securing tho Gayndah line,, wo must point out; that ?' it foreshadows a railway project which might bo advanced as a dangerous rival to a direct line from Gynipie to Brisbane, supposing this community wore fnoliBh enough to follow the' advice lately tendored by both Maryborough papers that Gympie should refrain from agitating for railway communication with tho metropolis until the Gayndah line had boon sauo tioned. Wo havo recoived tho first throe num bers of the Towusyjllo Bulletin; a bi weekly journal rocontly started in TownB villo. The new journal takes up an. inde- pendent attitude with regard to politics ; still its leanings are mora towards the Ministry than the Opposition. Its ' got up ' is very creditable, and it has a very promiiing show of advertisements. We hope the proprietors will, moot with tho succoss that thoir enterprise deserves. Four thousand pounds in round numbers has been oxpondod by the Commission of Inquiry into the charges contalnod in the now colobratod petition of Mr. W. Honi mant. Among tho results of the inquiry we learn that tho Premier comes out with out a stain on his character ; there's not a flaw or a fault to bo found with tho London offioo ; and tho officers, from the Agont Genoral hitnsolf down* tcthe office boy, are worth their woight in g*'d. Mr. F. W.. Gibbs, one of the commissioners, sa'/s he wants 400 guineas for his work, whioh he is sure ho could never havo dune but for tho able assistance of his co-commissioner, Mr. G. King. Mr. G. King sends a cheque for the amount, and Bays that's exaotly what's the matter with him— oonsoientious re-, search, special obligations, &o.; And so the farce is over, the country is £4000 thd poorer,' but all things are lovely. — St, George Standard. . ? Nows brought by the last Galifornian mail states The Apaohes attacked and killed tho entire population of tho village of Eureka, Now Mexico, the' number killed being sevpnty-fiyo, '. The Colonial Sugar Refining Company of New South Wales intend to carry on oper ations in .'this coloiiy on a very extensive soalo. Their representative, Mr. EJ B. Forrest, stated to the Select Committee to whom the bill, which (was read a second time last Friday, was referred, that the Company proposed expending about £350,000 in the Muckay district and the Herbert river, and contemplated an exten sion to the Herbort river ; their expendi ture altogether botween the Herbert, Muckay, and Johnstone, was) estimated to reach half a million. .Subject to Parlia mentary saiiction being obtained for the transfers, they have purchased for £25,Q00 the rights of selectors to nearly 10,0000 aoros of land taken up under, the Aot; of 1870 in the Mackay and -Card well land agents distriots, and they intend working the land themselves, nnd will also cruBhior work any eane that can bo secured from the surrounding selections. It is expected that the Company will be able to com mence operations for. the 1883 Beoson. The bill ia introduced to enable them to sue and be sued and acquire land and to Validate' the contracts they' have' made for tho purchase of the land selections already mentioned. . ! ; There would seem to be as much in difference on Charters Towers as there is on ? Gympie with respect to tho politioal questions of the day, for the Northern Miner, when dealing with the Coolie' ques tion, feels provoked to say:— 'Thepountrv should rise as one man agoingt the block injustioe. We see masses of our 'fellow colonists led by the nose blindly and sub scribing their money to abet an unrighteous cause in Ireland, and here what are they doing P Aiding and abetting Hie pause of injustice and oppression against them selves. The other m'ners and working men here appear to have no comprehension of what is passing in the world around them. They think and speak more of Rash, the Soulier, or some other Bmoll celebrity, than of questions which affoot their own lives intimately. What can be expeoted from such a community f In telligence, co-operation, action P No. We do not think they have it in them. - It is time we caved in and made room for the Chinese or the Coolies. The Caucasian is played out on Charters lowers. The English race horse Hopbloom, by ParmeBan, has been purchased for the Australian stud. . . : ' Call to-day for bargains at Chappie's Picture Gallery and Cheap Clothing M art. — [Advt.J 