COMMUNICATED. [Correspondents who are gooa enoogn to forward newspapers containing theatrical items will much oblige by marking those passages to which tbey desire to direct atten tion, and when cuttings are enclosed, it is desirable the; should have attached to them ite name of the paper from which the; are taken, and the date.] An amateur performance took pfoce at Ararat on Friday evening last, rhe bill con S of "The Honeymoon* and The Lottery Ticket," the parts in each being sup ported entirely by amateurs, and the acting vEBiefieshingly natural Especially favour tble mention must be mad© of Mr. J. Mj Alley's Dnke, Mrs. Press well a Juliana, and Hiss Singleton's Zamora. In the farce Mr. Laby's Wormwood caused great laughter. The direction of the performance had been entrusted to Mr. Martin Forde, and he ac quitted himself so well as to receive general Sydney. Sept. 21. " Madame Favart" was produced at the Royal on Saturday night with unquestion able aucceas. Taking it altogether, it is better than even "Tambour Major" or "Olivette," Miss Laveroe is beyond mea gnre delightful in her part of many aspects, and Mr. Meivin Bhows a capacity for true comedy one would not have believed, even while retaining the deservedly high opinion of him he has so well earned. At the Queen's Mr. Dewhnrst has appeared in "Louis the Eleventh," and Mr. Steele in the old nautical drama of "Black-eyed Susan." The Kelly and Leon Company, at the Opera house, have produced "Fatinitza," bnt they cunot be complimented on the result. Mr. D'Arcy Read and his ghosts are at the Victoria-hall, and the Sydney Musical Union hare produced " Eli" with real success at the Guden Palace. And as Mr. Turner and Miss Montague sing the principal parts, the success <s not difficult of explanation. Baton. v ■ Adelaide, Sept. 19. Aotwithstanding that business has beeu remarkably good at the theatre of late, " The nrates of Penzance" gives way on Wed today to " Maritana." We are curious to eee m a work which will provide a morereal teat of her capacities as a lyric actress Gitfi creations of Me8sr8 SiSri?""1?"1] Wtoy. with Mr, Walter itf ™ ®im Qaeeil8land » few days to /'hiV. /® ft9m a professional visit badhSS?ldpa^adi?ce,lt- Mr.Sherwin faJv®0 dl on the voyage, and more news informs us that he has died. Mr. fco*^nt thew •&{ 25 Mr ft co®pa®y which-included «i^rr4{a'Joii,atb"d' >i °f *5dfS1 ft Will h TCT^rr-fr i188 ®ate Bamsden, who k "V V dner daluetue Jiie figsgfe8he m the ^ «5fig |fc SibPWiuMel jwn. • waves acvwiAjouiig chll 