CRUMBS. ? V The proposed Now York Exhibition or I- WorldV Faro is likely to be abandoned. ? .£*?? Jn tb 9 libel action M 'Do ugall v. Bawden, '~!^ Graf ton, the- defendent has been committed ? ., for trial . It is proposed to establish new public schools at South Gundagai and at Geral- ..j gambeth. Two- men have been imprisoned for r playing illegal games on the Ean wick - racocourse. The Public Instruction Department have had tents prepared for school purposes in : unsettled places. \ The Walker's Whiskey Trophy sculling (? ' match is to come off on 1st September next : —prizes £200, £70, £30. y Mr. Tonkin, who was alleged to have been assaulted by Daniel Mayne at Bathurst, is reported to be recovering. Cattle must be at a discount in the Gundagai district when holders are swapping , them for poultry, head per head. f j- A miner at Adelong has been prosecuted for sending through the post a letter con taining dynamite and a detonating cap. A hawker's license was granted by Mr. W. Love, P.M., on Tuesday, on theapplica- j tion of John Fenning, of Cootamundra, While excavating the tank for the new brewery in Cootamundra the other day a live frog was discovered embedded in the earth seventeen feet deep. There was a little moisture in the earth, by which life was apparently sustained. The information given in our issue of a fortnight since showing that the Eureka reef and neighbourhood, within the Muttama goldfield, was a good field for enterprize, has, . we are glad to say, attracted the attention of capitalists in Sydney, who are making further inquiries. On the production of Proffessor Bice's ghost in Cootamundra on Tuoscbiy night last, a young lady in the audience ' wni it into hysterics. She was some considerable time recovering from the severe fright. The ghost in return was frightened by the young lady's screeching. . Th» Albury Banner of Saturday last says ^ *: the Cox cup was won from Cootamundra on the 9th instant, the match being decided by *'^ the first .innings. The Banner has been | misinformed in this matter. No match for * | the Cox cup can bo won unless played- out ; ?; 1 and the late match was not won by Tumut, I j as stated. |jf Mr. James, C. E. and Government - I* hydraulic engineer .?is being improperly j treated at the hands of the Dubbo Municipal I Council, who declined to meet him in con ference. Wish the Dubbo people would send Mr. James this way, where people would know how to appreciate that gentle man's efficient services. There's a young man in this town who, if he's not careful of himself, will be striking somebody some day ; and may^hilve to fight ... a a. dual trxtix .Worioor. ovoo ...JTo'sV eenerallv -IC- __j safe lie thinks about the man he threatens to f ,-~n - anihihsto. but he might run his lot't eye against the fist of Larry Foley, and not tie , awaro of the loss of bis right ear till he dis covers what's left ol' it after a good, sware meal in old Boson's back-yard. # .: Fair maidens in Wallendoon City are gaining in confidence as cricketers. One has issued a challenge to play any other man : within the utmost limits of Wall, or Sher- i . lock Cities ; while another as a backstop will ; be backed against all-comers within fifty ? ? miles. They'll be matched some day, it is ; I hoped ; and they should take care to keep I the ' sphere' in good sight else they'll be | bowled out through weak defence. - A j There's one comfort, at any rate, in i Cootamundra being kept in subordination ^ r to Gundagai— that the latter get tew visits S from Mr. Sheep-Inspector. At least so say j the 'loafing' drovers of this side. The persecuted landholders are persons whom nobody owns ; and it doesn't matter that these are imposed upon — eh, Mr. Sheep'seye. Its nothing to see thousands of sheep ' loafing' on the very township of Coota mundra. The Gundagai Times says: — 'The pro posed Murruniburrah-Blayney line of rail wav will run 'through a tract of country t which, it is said, will not pay for the grease on the truck wheels.' We are not let into I] the secret as to whether the Times accepts f this statement or not ; but, very likely, if | our contemporary were asked their opinion about the line from Cootamundra to Gundagai, the reply would be that it would pay for the grease for all the truck- wheels in the colony! Eash, unsupported, and ; unreasonable statements such as that quoted i j from the Times are worth very little grease ; and certainly come with bad grace from ] Gundagai, -^-*' ' Impounded at Jugiong on 18th April, from , Point Station, by order of Mr. J. Osborne, . I damages and driving 2/, sum due on animals |- set after each : — Bay horse, es off shoulder, ! two white spots under saddle, broken, aged, ' \\\ ? 17 hands, 9/. Also, on 22nd, from Cooney's ' creek, by order of Mrs. Franks, damages ; and driving 3/9 : — Creamy horse, like JHR i. conjoined near shoulder, fore feet shod, i broken, 6 years, 12 hands, 7/9. Also, on :* 22nd, from Eedbank, by order of Mr. J. I * Osborne, . damages and driving 2/- re- * advertised : — Brown horse, L over ee near j shoulder, off fore and near hind foot white, ' li ' stav and stripe, broken, aged, 15hands,£l/5/. \\\ To be sold 19. th May, I ' Impounded at South Gundagai on -21st iv' April, from South Gundagai common, 'by Ij order of the Trustees, sum due at date of I notice 8/6; — Brown 'horse, pear -.hind- feot- I white, sad die -marked, like £U or sit neni1 j sho alder,- like set near ribs; buy-.uiam, J s bripo in ftico, f oio foot white, saddle- marked, I ^-n over jw (J reversed) near shoulder. To A J be sold 19th May. fl * u 