The Bishop of Melbourne lias just dealt with the question of subscription to articles of faith in a thoughtful and liberal address, which is almost as ap plicable to every Christian community as to the Church of England Assembly, for which it was intended. We cannot nlhim Tlv MnnrTinnsA n. nn nrlvrtcnt.n of the views we have put forward from time to time ; and it might oven be said with some truth that the part of his ad dress to which we refer was an apology for creeds and articles of faith. /At the same time we think anyone who com pares what the Bishop would grant with the ideal at which we aim- will see that .the difference between us is rather ono of detail than of principle! Eor instance, in defending the Athana- sian Creed Dr. Moorhouse admits frankly that the words inay sound dry and technical ; that some of them aro ab struse and incomprehensible ; that the admonitory clauses may be treated as separate from the exposition itself, and that the rubric directing the creed to be read ought to bo repealed, and tho creed retained only as an approved statoment of doctrine. These views, wo need hardly say, are eminently conservative. We cannot profess ourselves to look upon tlio Athanasian Creed as thoroughly fitted to be even a historical document. To begin with, it is a forgery ; it asserts a .highly speculative doctrine of the double procession of the Holy Ghost, which has caused a breach between the Eastern and Western churches ; and however its damnatory clauses be ex plained away, they undoubtedly mean to common apprehension that a man who does not accept the Trinitarian specalations of the fourth century will be in hell to all time. We should like a standard of faith to be free from all that is speculative or ambiguous ; and we do not see why any church should be unable to think for itself, and revise tho so-called creed of Athanasius, till 'it became of incontestable value as " an approved " statement of doctrine." Holding this, however, we are prepared to admit that the Bishop's suggestion, accompanied by his explanations, would bo an acceptable compromise for a time. If he can per suade the Church of England in this colony to cancel the rubric under which this unfortunate commination creed is repeated on Christmas and Easter days of all days in tho year, that in itself will be a step gained. Perhaps the Church Assembly would even consent to ex plain what sort of meaning is to be at tached to those words of the creed which the public takes literally, and the theologian with softening reservations. The Bishop was, we think, less satis factory when lie came to deal with tho famous Thirty-nine Articles. Having vindicated them, as a competent scholar of course can, against tho misconceptions of those who treat them altogether from the nineteenth century point of view, he sums up that " not lightly are they to a<'.be called in question, and not pre- " cipitately in any temporary acaro or " excitement aro thoy to bo meddled " with." In other words, they nro to bo retained because thoy contain lliuch that is thoroughly good, because tho attacks upon them aro often ignorant and wrong, and bccauso infallibility is not olaimod for thorn. Now wo think this is to mis apprehend tho viows of thoso who, liko oursolvcs, objoct to articles of subscrip tion as opposed to standards of faith. Wo quito admit that tho Anglican articles aro very creditable for tho timo in which thoy wero written, aud exhibit a spirit of compromise and a discreet roticonco which havo made it possible to keep them in use down to tho prosent day. As Dr. Moorhouse ably points out, thoy do -not impose any theory of inspiration, or determine tho manner of atonement, or hint an opinion limiting tho mercy of God. Thoro is nothing even in tho articles on predestination and eternal salvation that cannot bo explained as a moderate and reasonable attempt to roconcilo a belief in God's immutable will, revealed to us in tho laws of the universe, with a belief in the divine sympathy, revealed specially in tho New Tostaniont. Wo may say something of tho same sort, however, about tho Westminster Confession or tho Articles of tho Council of Trent. Our first objection to antiquated con fessions of any kind is that no one of them does or can express a living faith, or give an answer to living doubt in tho words that aro natural to living men. We believo without any difficulty somo points which our fathers doubted; wo are indifferent or sceptical about many- others which they thought important; nnd where we agree wo think out our faith as wo think out our prayers, in different words from thoso thoy em ployed. This of course would not matter much if tho Articles were treated as tho Bishop is willing to treat tho Athanasian Creed, and'preserved only as a valuableox- poaition of doctrine. Unfortunately, they are imposed as articles of belief in the most literal sense ; and tho Church of England is in logal theory less liberal now than it was in its early days. Tho act of 1571, by which subscription was first enforced, limited it to thoso articles which "concern tho confession of tho " true faith, and the doctrine of tho " sacraments." Tho preamble, which is still printed to the articles, declares it to be a great sourco of satisfaction that men of all sects subscribo the articles, and think thoy find thoir own opinions in them. But by tho Act of Uniformity every English clergyman has to declare his unfeigned assent to the whole Thirty- nine Articles. How far this again is overruled Dy we juugmcius ui wo x n»jr Council, which have generally been in favor of liberty, is a question which men may answer in the most various ways. We put it to the Bishop that there is not tho slightest occasion to maintain sub scription to tho Thirty-nino Articles; and that even on his own showing they ought to bo put aside as documentary evidence only. He has admitted that thoy aro not of co-ordi nate authority with tho Word of God ; ho has indicated that tho exact nature of scriptural inspiration cannot bo deter mined, and he must surely admit that it is doubtful and dangerous to force men to declare their unfeigned assent or give a subscription generally to tho fallible exposition of a guide whoso pre cise authority has not been determined. Surely Dr. Moorhouse must see that his own admissions are fatal to the practice of his church, and that tho church would lose nothing if it retained the Articles only as historical evidenco of the viows it once held, and with which it still has a general agreement. Is there any reason why tho Anglican Church of Victoria should not act as fearlessly for itself as its sister church in tho United States has done 1 Tho ex ample to other communions would bo invaluable at the present moment. The near approach of tho season for tho export of dairy produce should direct the attention of shippers and others in terested to the necessity of adopting the most improved methods to ensure success. Year by year the bulk and value of our shipments of farm produca have been increasing, but the experience of the past proves that there is much yet to learn before this business can bo made a financial succes. Last year we drew attention to tlio experimental shipments of butter from Victoria to the London market, and pointed out the reasons why the results were not so successful as expected ; and now we have a well known expert in tho selling market corroborating our views. The result of Mr. David Whitley's inves tigations proves that average first quality butter of Victoria is quito as good as that . sold as first- class butter in tho London market, but to ensure tho arrival of our butter in prime order certain very impor tant conditions are required. Up . to the present time the plan adopted has been to collect largo quan tities of butter from tho various farms in the producing districts, and repack tho same in Melbourne or some other centre for shipment. Two methods have been adopted in packing ; the old plan was with salt or brine, while more recently the butter 1ms been packed fresh and frozen for shipment. The re sults of shipments made in the former manner have very often left a heavy loss, the butter being affected by change of temperature, leakage and the other contingencies of a long sea voyage. Nor havo tlio consignments sent forward in a frozen state yielded anything like the returns anticipated — first, because there was a strong set made against the introduction of fresh Australian butter into tbe London market by the wholesale buttermen — who could not get it at their own price ; and next, bo- cause tho quality of the butter all round was hot, up to the market standard. Step3 havo already been taken on be half of this colony to checkmate the op position of tho wholesalo dealers, ar rangements being made by tlio London representatives of a Melbourno firm largely interested in the success of this new branch of our export, trade to supply distributors direct; and we hear that the firm have already nearly 1000 names on their books. Tho most important point, howover, is that our butter should reach the London market in first-class order. "Unless," says Mr. Whitlej', " sent fresh, it would " be quite hopdloss to expect it to pay " either tho farmer or tho exporter." Keg butter packed in brine is a thing of the past. Butterine, as it is called, wo aro told, quite takes its place, and as this mixture or preparation is sokl from 3d. to 4d. less than good butter, we have an explanation why medium or even fair salt butter is shut out of consumption. Our export of butter to England may therefore be taken as narrowed down to a business in fresh; henco tbo import ance that tlio condition this arrives in should be beyond question. Our ays- torn of packing must bo remodelled- Care must bo taken not only to obtain even runs of clean, well made butter direct from tho farmers, but tho freezing process must not bo delayed until a shipment is collected, but proceeded with without delay. Our cor respondent — who is practically ac quainted with tho butter trade— disf tinctly states that all butter must be frozen " at least within ten days of being " inado." Indeed, ho infers that tho want of snccess which attended somo shipmeuts of Victorian frozen fresh butter was duo to impropor manipulation in storo, and too lato freezing. Again, it is suggested that tho butter, prior to being frozen, should bo packed in good casks or kegs; containing about CO lb. or 70 lb. This latter condition may appoar to he a trivial matter to some, but thoso who understand what selling in a foreign market means will understand tho importance of suiting tho package to tho condition of trada in tho selling market. It is to bo hoped that tho operations of tho coming season will ho more successful as regards ' financial results than the last, and credit is due, wo think, to our correspondent for tlio timo and trouble ho has ex pended in finding out where mistakes havo been made in tho past. As regards tho accommodation avail able in tho freozing chambers of tha steamers trading to London, our cor respondent intimates that so far as existing arrangements aro con cerned a preference has been given to Sydney shippers over those from Melbourno. Competition, which promisos during the onsiiing twelve months to be excessively keen, will - doubtless removo this obstruction from tlio path of Melbourne consignors. If the Orient Company aro so foolish as to sacrifice the Molbourne trade by attempt ing to make it subservient to Sydney in- terests, there aro other companies— notably the P. and O. Company — not only desirous but anxious to place exist ing relations between ourselves and them selves on a moro satisfactory footing, and hence we may fairly anticipate that, . should tho one line give a preference to Now South Wales, tho opposition will endeavor to obtain cargo from Vic toria. It is a matter for regret tlmt whilst Victoria was the first of the Australian colonies to move for the formation of direct and rapid steam communication between this continent and the United Kingdom, tho tactics pursued by the representatives of the Orient lino have been to ignore as far as possible the demands of this colony. Tho trade in frozen meat and dairy pro- tions. This will induce competition for | a business which judicious man- j agament in the first instance might I have secured. Apart however from the carrying trade represented by tho steamers of the P. and O. and Orient i companies, we shall have independent t lines competing for a sharo in the busi- j ness, and henco wo do not think there is much reason for alarm on tho question i: of means of transit. How our export f; trade in dairy produce has grown during j tlio past few years may bo best / .gathered from the statistical returns, ' i which show that whilst in 1873 our i, exports of butter and choeso wore | only valued at £5S81, in 1880 | wo shipped 1,71S,18G lb. of butter, fj valued at £50,600, and 1,148;705 lb. | of cheeso, valued at £31, S90, giving a total under the two headings of no less | than £S2,490. Tlio opening of new mar- !| kets in Englandmuststimnlatotliis branch of farm production; and although we aro j hardly so sanguine as Mr. Whitley in | expecting that the valuo of our exports 'J of butter will exceed that of wheat, still i: wo feel strongly on tlio importance of 1 fostering a trado which must confer considerable benefit ou our farming ? population. 