SPORTING INTELLIGENCE. VICTORIAN AMATEUR TURF CLUB MEETING. Ev TELEGRAM'-.] (FROM Of I! SPECIAL P.M'OKTF.n.1 MelBURNE. W.EDNESDAY. Should the weather clear up. there is certain to be a very large attendance at the Amateur Turf Club meeting;, which is to commence at Caulfield to-morrow. Mr. Bond, the j secretary v-, her. left nothing: undone to ensure! success and I the course, which is of a sandy nature, will not be much affected, unless heavy rain falls to-night. The meeting is a very dangerous one for backers, as there is every probability of many of the horses being only sent to ! obtain a line about future events, and I have not been here ' Iron;: plough to veuUiie opinions as to results with very much confidence. The opening event, the Selling Race, is too open to deal with, and the place? in the Hurdle Race may go to Black Prince, Dhtirringhile, King of Trumps, and Handy Andy. Paionatca, Iphigenia, and Fryingpan are likely to play a prominent part in the Great Foal Stakes. 1 like their chances in the undernamed, and some danger may come from ifat.inellti. AVheatcar should win the Caulfield Guineas, and he will probably be seen home by Koh-i-noor, Santa Claus, and Royal Maid. Should Pirate start, the Corinthian Gat race should go down before him, and in his absence nothing looks better than Wizard ; while if Surrey and Kaspir. have the confidence of their parties they must be very troublesome for the Toorak Handicap. After these most danger may come from Brian Born, the Ghost, and AAViin. The following are the latest prices Caulfield G ninnis, 7 to I -gaunt Wheatear: a to 2 Royal Maid (wanted) : -3 to 4 Santa Claus (offered). Canary is at 7 to 1 for the Caulfield Cup ; Santa Claus and Woodlands at 3 ; Respite. Sardonyx, and Pirate of 10. It. is rumoured that The Duke has gone:' wrong, but my information from Ballarat is to the effect that he is all right I am not yet in a position to form a definite opinion about the Caulfield Cup. It is raining steadily. _ (FROM OUR OWN cor.itK3roxDE.VT.) MELBOURNE, THURSDAY MORNING. Much interest is excited in the Caulfield races, which take place to-day ; but as rain was falling heavily last night, it is feared that it will mar the success of the first day of the Freeing. Good fields will, it is expected, start for all events. The following horses were scratched yesterday for the Melbourne Cup Cynic, Sir Joseph, Chuckster, Robbie Burns, Brian Born, Lothair, Mulatto, Adventurer, Legerdemain Game. 