THE TOURIST. A TRIP TO TALISKER AND THE CAVES NEAR CAPE JERVIS. (Concluded.) .Taking farewell of our kind entertainers, ' boots and saddles" was the order of the hour, and mounting our steeds we started apain across country, until we came to the summit of a green-clad hill overlooking the seashore, where our equestrian journey ended for a time, and my "alpinatock" onoe more oame into legiti mate requisition. Fastening our horses to a tree, we descended a very deep declivity, digging our heels into the earth to retain our equilibrium, and at last we reached the bottom and stood on the shore, composed of eand, rock, and rough shingle alternately. This was close to Bohnapper Point. And now I must remark that, though I have passed through some queer adventures and scenes, the scramble for two weary miles over these sharp rocks, was the most painful journey I ever per formed. My companion and gnide informed me that there was another way to approach the caves, but that it was very difficult, if not some what dangerous. I saw it afterwards, and re gretted we had not taken it. Mr. T told me of two men, strangers, who had attempted it, and were in danger of their lives. One of them took off his boots to facilitate his ascent, and both were rescued with some difficulty— hauled up by ropce, I think—and the abandoned blucherB remain there to this day. Ladies, I am told, accomplished the route we took; but how they ever mastered it it is difficult to conceive. I never met anything more horribly sharp and wearying as that course of two miles. The ap proach to Sindbad the Sailor's Valley of Diamonds must have been a mere bagatelle comparedto it. On several occasions I bad to rest—even to lie down—owing to my sickness: for, apart from that and horrible chilblains, I was attacked with the most intolerable paine. My very sight grew dim, and I seemed to be overtaken with " ail the ilia that flesh is heir to." One portion of my scrambles en all fonts was so perfectly Al pine in its character that I thought I should have gone headlong, and left "a dollop of bones," as the workhouse boy elegantly ex pressed it, at the foot of the rocks—a sad end for your bumble servant. At length, somewhat dilapidated— " With fingers weary and worn, With eyelids heavy and red, A gentleman sat in ungentlemanly rigs. And wofully scratched his head !"— And at last I gazed upon the object of my jour ney, the month of the caves ! but yet some hun dreds of y arda distant. They will not take long to describe. On reaobing the mouth of the principal open ing—a very paltry affair, after all—all my visions of Antiparos vanished, like Venae, into thin air. bick, sore, and almost aorry, I again •at down to rest ere entering. Indeed, 1 had to stop, for my eyesight completely forsook me for a time, and I could scarcely breathe. There is but one cave or cavern of aoy bizb, which I did not then care to measure, Dut I suppose it may be abuut 80 x 30 x 13 feet, the latter oo an ave rage, ss it "slants." However, when I bad re gained all my breath and some of my spirits, we explored it. There was very little in the shape of stalactites or stalagmites to see worthy of Lot ice, except in one spot, called " The Elephant's Head and even of that some Goth or Visigoth had demolished the trunk! Whatever icicle droppings ever existed bad been ruthlessly mu tilated or borne away. The once pure white has been smeared by candle smoxe, and the atmo sphere is anything bnt sweet. At the farther end of the large cave there is a smaller one, in front of which Mr. T prostrated himself like a HiDdu devotee before the Oar of Jugger naut, and, in reply to my question of what ha saw, replied, " Hot much"—though he held a lighted candle in the openiog. We retraced one steps to the mouth, picking up some odds and ends as we went. I got two or three broken fragments of stalactite, somewhat resembling stamps of "farthing dips," and that was all, ex cept some shells, which I bad gathered tn route On stamping the feet there are certain reverbe rations, which may not be altogether otused by the echoes of the cavern itself. It seems quite possible ibat tho existing floor, which is re markably level, has been formed by huge, flat masses falling and resting transversely across the chasm which now forms the caves, leaving a deeper cavern or caverns below, reaohing, per haps, beneath the sea level. Upon my exlc I found a large piece of detached rock lying pros trate near the entrance, with a dark, even sur face; and taking a pieoe of chalk out of my pocket, I scrawled /on the face of it—"Try Cockle's Pills"—in honour of the occasion, a gratuitous advertisement which I hope Mr. Cockle will duly appreciate when he hears of It. " Dixon's Stove Polish" has been daubed ou the Great Pyramid;" Brandretb's Pills" has graced the face of the rocks on the Hudson; why should Mr. Cockle not hive his turn in the oaves of Gape Jervis ? After gaining the outside my friend crawled a la turtle into a very small grotto lower down, and brought me out the Bomewhat startling intelligence that be had dis covered " seven 'possums—skinned; and oh! what a smell!" I had planned great things wben l got to toe caves, i would dilate to my friend I upon rock temples and the rnins of empires. I would stretch forth my right hand—the other being under my coat- tails a la Pickwick—and I would spout Ossian, and what not" Weep ou the rocks of roaring winds, oh! maid of Inis tore. Bend thy fair head to the waves, thou, fairer than the Ghost of the Hills, when ;it stalks like a sunbeam o'er the silence of Mir ven!" And, after all, what did I do? Why, I sat down, like Scipio on the ruiuB of Carthage, and aaid—" I'm awfully sick!:' Alas! for ro mance ! " What cams ye out to see I asked myself. " A-reed shaken by thewiud?" " What came ye out to see again I asked aloud; aud an echo,wonderfully like T —'s voice, promptly answered with a reverberating roar—"Seven 'po«snms— skinned!" Well, let me get on and away. I will not dwell upon my return over these rooks. We reached our horses in due time, and once iu the saddle I revived considerably. Nothing parti cular transpired on the route, which was now quite a new route to me. After some miles' riding, in which we passed more abandoned houses snd lonely orchards, I had to part from my friend. I dismounted whilst yet in the bush, and left bim within three miles or so of my abode; and whilst be retraced his steps with the animals, I sought a bouse not far off, but out of sight, at his recommendation, to seek advice as to my road. On my arrival at Mr. W.'s, whom I had met once or twice,Iwas not allowed to proceed further tbat night—it was just^ get ting dusk—but was right royally entertained The hospitable treatment I received here was sufficient to recompense me for a forced desseut into Hades, muoh more for my voluntary visit to the caves; so we " Sat by tbe fire, and talked the night away," until it was time to retire; and when I did re tire it was like to a retreat"in an enchanted eastle in the forest—one of Mrs. .Katcliffe's castles. But comfort here was too real to be qnoted with romance. A large, comfortable room; a broad, massive, fonr-poat bedstead; a bright, hot fire of logs; a large, cozy, armchair by tbe fire; a pair of soft slippers for my weary feet; some interesting old books, just the sort I liked— and what more did I want 'I I went into a pleasant sleep, whilst the shadows of tbe fire were tracing fantastic figures on the walls and ceiling, and my pilgrimage was ended. I Blopt soundly, not dreaming even of 'possums, and woke refreshed. Bntlgot a scolding for get ting up too early, which did not ruin my appe tite, however, for a glorious breakfast. On taking leave of my kind friends—Mr. and Mrs. W and their pleasant family—their son acted as my guide a little way to tbe road, and " Kiohard was himself again!" At a quarter to II a.m. on Sunday morning I made my trium phal entry into Buliaparinga, flourishing a huge Prussian helmet-shaped sponge in one hand and a handkerchief full of Bhells and stones ia the other. 