SOUTH AUSTRALIAN BAPTIST ASSOCIATION. The half-yearly meetings of the above Associ- tion were held in the Baptist Church, North Adelaide, on Wednesday, March 16. The pro- ceedings opened with a public prayer meeting, which was fairly attended. The President of the Association (Rev. Morgan Lloyd) delivered an able address on ' Prayer.' The business meeting began at 3 p.m. The chair was occupied by the President. There were also present the ministers of all the Churches in connection with the Association, Baboo Punchanon Biswas (Hinddo missionary), and a number of lay delegates, including the Treasurer (Mr. A. S. Neill). SECRETARY'S REPORT. The Secretary (Rev. J. Price) reported that churches had been opened during the half-year at Parkside and the Grange. The following ministerial changes had occurred :— Rev. W. Jones settled at Laura; Rev. H. Wood resigned Saddlewotth and Stockport; Rev. J. Nancarrow resigned Yorke's Peninsula and settled at Saddleworth; Rev. J. B. Sneyd resigned Georgetown and settled at Terowie; Rev. S. Howard, after an illness, had settled to Gawler; Rev. F. Page appointed agent to Yorke's Peninsula; and the Rev. G. Hogben at Magill and Grassy Flat ; Rev. W. Dinniss left Mount Barker for Georgetown and the Rev. W. Clare preceded to Bathurst- street Sydney ; Rev. L. G. Carter resigned North Ade- laide, and the Rev. H. J. Lambert returned to the colony after a visit to England. Grants- in- aid had been made to Orroroo, Terowie, Park- side, Hindtmarsh, Mount Barker, Semaphore, and Yorke's Peninsula. The Committee had signified its return to the principle of rendering aid in proportion to stipend paid by Churches. White's Fund had been transferred to the Association, and the incorporation of the Aged Ministers' Fund recommended, and managers appointed. Consequent upon the Rev. S. Fairey's resignation the Rev. L. G. Carter had been appointed Finance Secretary. It was feared, with reference to Mr. Fowler's offer, that little had been done towards securing the £900 required in order to obtain the £100 that gen- tleman had promised under conditions. FINANCE COMMITTEE. The progress report of the Finance Com- mittee was read and confirmed. TREASURER'S REPORT. Mr. A. S. Neill read the Treasurer's report as follows:— Receipts— Balance on hand, £65 13s. 8d.; collection annual meeting, £15 11s 1d.: surplus at luncheon, &c;, £6 3s. 1d. ; personal donations £25 10s. ; subscriptions from various Churches, £196 9s. 9d ; balance borrowed from White's Fund, 2s.6d. Payments - Grants-in-- aid: Parkside (six months), £72 10s . ; Sema- phore, £78 13s, 6d.; Orroroo, £40; Yorke's Peninsula,, £22 2s. 6d.; do. in advance, £50; Hindmarsh £20 ; travelling expenses and sup-- plies, £17 0s. 6d. ; postages, &c;, £9 3s. 7d. BUILDING FUND REPORT. Mr. C. H. Goode read the Building Fund report as follows:— Receipts— Capital at last meeting, £1,001 6s. 8d. ; received since, £21 14s. 6d.; legacy from Mrs. Brown, £430 19s. 2d.= £1,454 0s. 4d- Expenditure — Loans to twelve Churches, £1 540 (less £180 repairs) ; outstand- ing, £1,360; loans granted to three Churches, to be completed ,by April 20, £250 ; total loans granted, £1,780 ; expenses paid, £7 15s. AGED MINISTERS' FUND. In the absence of Mr. W. Neill the Aged Ministers' Fund report was not presented, but it was announced that Mrs. Brown had given a donation of £430 19s 2d. towards it. The reports were adopted.. REPRESENTATION ON COMMITTEES. At the last half-yearly meeting of the Asso- ciation a sub-committee, consisting of Revs Messrs. Lloyd, Price, Carter, Gray, and Mr. W. Neill, were appointed to bring forward at the present meeting resolutions for the improve- ment of the present mode of selecting committees. They accordingly met and drew up the following report : — ' Your committee discussed at considerable length the objects desired and the best means of attaining them. So many difficulties presented themselves that at one period of meeting it was proposed to give up the task entirely. We men- tion this because we wish it understood that we have done our best to look all difficulties fairly in the face. One member of your committeee was unable to be present, and sent his ideas in writing. There were present at the meeting Rev. M. Lloyd, Chairman, Rev. J. Price, Secre- tary; Rev. L. G. Carter, Financial Secretary; and Rev. J. Gray, who was asked to act as Sec-. retary of the sub-committee. With one dis- sentient the following recommendations were adopted :— 'That in future the committee con- sist of thirty-five members exclusive of officers; that each Church be requested to nominate one candidate for election; that from such nomi- nated candidates thirty committeemen be elected by ballot at the annual meetings; that the officers elected by the annual meeting be ex officio members of the committee; that the committee at its first meeting elect five persons to make up the required number. To this was appended a recommendation to the sub-com- mittee to be appointed to arrange for the next yearly meetings. That they ascertain if a more suitable time than the first day of the meetings could not be chosen for the election of officers and committee, the opinion being expressed that more of the country delegates were present at a later period. To this Mr. W. Neill (the member absent) dissented on the grounds: — ' (1.) Because to limit the number of eligible candidates who may be nominated for election to any office is undesirable, and almost if not altogether unprecedented. (2.) Because there is already in the Association too great a ten- dency to the Town Council idea. A Councillor is often sent in by his word to watch its in- terests and secure for it a good expenditure. But an Association Committeeman is entrusted with office by the denomination at large. His object is to 'do' as much, not to 'get' as much as possible, and he has to regard no one Church before another. Under the proposed plan, how- ever, committeemen, being virtually elected by particular Churches, will come to be regarded as the agents of those Chrrches instead of repre- sentatives of the whole body. It will, I fear. alter the character of the Association to an ex- tent that will imperil its existence. (3.) Be- cause if committeemen are to represent Churches, then a Church of 300 or 400 members is fairly entitled to more representatives than a Church of say twenty members. (4.) . Because under the proposed plan the Association would be in the anomalous position of having no power to elect desirable men who might happen to have been overlooked by all the Churches; or where want of nomination had arisen from the mere fact of no Church being able to nominate more than one. In most Churches the pastor would be that one. (5.) Because under pro- posed plan any real or supposed slight attaching to rejected candidates would extend with in- creased force to the Churches who had nominated them. Such a Church— having leave to nominate only one, and that one being re- jected — would feel itself placed in an unfair position as compared with others. (6.) Because the committee at its first meeting would be five members short, although the most important business generally comes before that meeting.' The report and protest had provoked corre- spondence in the Association newspaper, and a long and desultory discussion followed their being read at the meeting. The Rev. J. Gray moved the adoption of the report, and various counter-propositions and amendments were sub- mitted. Eventually Mr. A. S. Neill moved— 'That the recommendations of the sub-com- mittee be referred to the General Committee so far as election by ballot, and that ballot taking place on the last day of meeting, are concerned." Mr. Atkin seconded, and the motion was car- lied. LETTERS FROM CHURCHES. The Rev. S. Mead moved, pursuant to notice — That the letters from the Churches be read each year in reverse order to that observed in the preceding one.' He said it often happened when the letters were taken seriatim in the same order year after year that greater atten- tion was given to those read first than to the others, as towards the close the meeting was more wearied than at the beginning. The Rev. H. J. Lambert seconded. Carried. FURREEDPORE MISSION. The Rev. S. Mead moved— ' That the annual collection for the Aged Ministers' Fund be devoted this year to the Furreedpoore mission.' The Rev. L. G. Carter seconded. Carried. IBM PBI-lDSXTS A.DDEKSS. Tbe Bev. L. G. Cabtsb proposed a, vote of tbarAs to tbe President for his able addrfn, acd tbat be te requestrd fo htnd the ir«nu script to the tditar of Ti nth and F. ijress for publication. The Bev. S. Faikjtt seconded. The n?o:*oa wf 1 a tried, =. : i. ; ? . CHTBCO aOSTUTTATIOH k*n EXirTSIOX. . Tbe Bev. d. Howabd moved the motion ol which he had given notice — 'Tbat a committee , be appointed to prep-re a f:heme of Chart h sustentition * and ex'.ensicn for tbe Eiptisi Churches of South Australia, on the b?sis of a diaft submitted by the mover,' *ach f.hense tj ta brought foiwanl for diecu^tion and adoption at tee annu*l meetings oF ovr / ^scc;»tiou durin; the cm rent year.' The objects of *be fund were to secure a r^rtaln minimum stir ?nd to all dnly accredited Bapi'it micia^H, t5 pro vide for Church extension and million wark ?n the colony, and for the education of students for tte Eiptist ministry. The draft referred * 1 wn published ia T,uth and Prvgrtts of Febrnv/ last. The mover detailed bis scheme at ^.eat kngtb. The Bev. J. Gbit rccocdrd tbe rcotion. Several speakers spoke adversely to it, ?cire affirming that it wr» in opsisition to a fundamental principle in the constitution of tte Attomtion. Mr. Howard eventually withdrew tbe motion. The meeting then closed. EVKsrsa XEsnao. At 8pm.» public tea meeting wa» held and wdlat^nded. At its dose tbe public rafetin? eensmenced, presided over by tbe Prc liden ' 01 the AiMcistion. The meeting owned with lugfoj »ad pr»y ex. Tter« Tiers oa t&e; phtform the various Baptist ministers in the tolony, ?u3 1 there was % large audience. Tbe GHAigXAX said he would cot make a speech, having mortgaged the time allotted h-ti to s friend. He first called upon The Bev. H. J. Lambest, who gave an in teresting account of his recent visit to London. Phe Autumnal Session of the B3pti3t Union waa holding ita meetings at the time, and they were attended by over 1,300 delegates, and immense congregations of the general public. Ihere was manifest throughout the most intense, devout enthusiasm, and there were in the de Domlnation— pastors and hymen— men fall at the Holy Ghost, and of earnest yearnings for the spread of tbe truth and the eitension of the Redeemers Kingdom. With such leiders and such rank-ind-£ le there K?3 no reason to feat for the futare, but evei/ canse to be bopetul. The speaker then described visits he h'A paid on three succeaiive Sundays respectively to Regent's P?rk and Upp2r Hol loway Churches and the Metrepolitan TaLsr cacle. The first of tbeso churches was h;9 spiritual biithplrre, tbe secend was under the crre of a former college friend, and bith were of gr€3t cxttct acd prospering. Ha then gave an intercstiEK description of the Tabernacle on the eight of b?s visit, when the congregation nuaj bsred no fewer tbin P,CO. There wai no snstra mental music in the Tab3*aa:le, but tbe efft.i af tbe r ;op!e'a voiers, ' like tbe EDund of rciny njt:.j,' jonics «n the hjrrrs w?i exlremely L-.'rd. l^'iius the serrice altogether he bid act for many years attended one such anothe? ?o full of Hfe, and love, and God. Ha wa3 3T-. Spnrgeon's guest dctiDg tbe fi.jt week of Detcter, when that geotlerrin was suffering ? rom eerere illness; and from whit be saw 01 bim he felt corstraincd to speak of him plmojt reith katcd breath; he w?sro fr'.lof the M-iter's 5p'rit. Eveiy institation, evevy depaitmentof bis itimh was tborou^b'iy organized, and it !?ps the stiain o£ organizition which hid orer itrained his retvoos system, and made him t^ie t-?rrible sufferer he wrs. But all his sufferings were borne without a murmnr ; they only cal'ed forth es.prc:9ioDS of th?r\fulne!3. The sp^ker rlosed with an enuraeiation of tae esientic's ta 3ucct3s in Chrrch work. The Kev. G. HonBas (a minister newly sirived in the colonv) gave an addre?s oa 'What is Succeaa in Christian Work?' Ha defined Christian work as embracing aU actjors undertaken for the furtherance of Christ's Kingdom. The success of such work seemei to te wrapped up in the maxim, ' Whatsoever thy bend findeth to d^ do it with all thy might,' and w?s gained oy the appoitiouiDg to each worker work saitrd ta his cacsiii/ and fastes — work which mnafc be cairiei out ?with wbole-sonkd earnestness. The Eev. PriicHASON Biswas (a native Hindu missionary) gave an interesting pud intelligent address on misjionsry work, and urgently appealed for assistance to the mission he represented. Tne Bev. S. Faibey delivered an address on ' Denominational Fidelity,' particularly eai pb'sizing the necessity for it ataon3 the people aUecdirg the churches of the denominatioa. It wa3 the bounden duty of a man who bid espoused and held Baptist prin;iple3 to attend Bsptist ministrations if he could do so. Fidelity also impcaed upon the Church membera the obligation to support monetarily, andotherw'2, the work of tbe denomirition. The Bev. W. Clabe, who is alDufc ta proceed to Sydney to roke cbo-ge ol a Church there, spoke a ' word of farewell.' He had b. ;n in the colony, workirj very Mppily and with some usefulness, for six yeira. He did not want to go away, nor did he like Sydney so well as this colony, but the prospect of plenty of work there allured him. In tikirj foicaxl love he speke a few words of counsel to the iudieuce, and clorc .*, 'in the language o£ one 3l jonr own pcetj,' with the line^ — ' We'1? nv f»rewell, and go on* several wiy.' Ihe Cb&ibmim; addressed to Mr. Clare a few i-ndiy rnd appreciative words on behalf of the 9sj-cia'.;on, and the meeting was brought to a ^osein tberv7'! way. 