TIPS FOR , CAULFIELD. (By the Herald’s Special Correspondent.) The excellent bill of fare provided by the Victorian Amateur .Turf Club, and to be de cided at Caulfield on Thursday andSiturday beat, is fraught with a good deal of interest amongst sporting i men. In attempting to furnish'my readers with the probable winners,: and in looking ovet the programme I see that the sport commences on the first day with a Selling Race, for which my selection would be Bruno, The Hurdle Race follows with eighteen, nominations, and there should be a fair field to face Mr Watson. The wiiiuer of the Hunt Club. Hurdle Race bas improved much of late, and is only put up a couple of pounds for his late win, which was accom plished in such easy style. Don Pedro, who was a fair second, meets the winner on 91b better terms) but he looked like an improving animal,- and may give a better account of hirijaelf this journey.. The balance of the field in the Hunt Cliib Hurdles appear to be more at borne over, a shorter course, lam not aware, at the time of writing whether the Ballarat division will visit Caulfield, I should select Albyn, Durringbile, Black Prince, and Don Pedro to produce the winner, but aball plump for Durringbile if he runs. Then comes one of the most interesting rariris of. the meeting, the Foal Stakes, of half a mile, and as neither Prince George i|or Tangle are amongst the number, it will no doubt excite some keen speculation. Satahella being, the only one that baa obtained a winning bracket, and ns several of .them, have been backed for large sums to tkin the Maribyrnong Plate, it should give a slight key for our-great two-year-old race to be decided at Flemington. Out of the twenty-nine left in I anticipate we eball have Something like a eedre of runners, and shall select Frying Pan or Cream be Bouzy: to furnish the winner; but I Cave a lot of respect foe Saionara, who, I should think, would .be served by a lunger distance. Cetewayo ia a very grand animal, but: scarcely forward enough in .. condition; and baa been tcr.ttrihedi The. Caul field Guineas will be the next race for de cision, tot which fourteen have answered the summons, and as the winners of thsAJ.C. Derby and the S.A.J.C. Derby are amongst the number it will be useful in giving a line to some of the stables who have horses engaged in the V.R.C. Derby; and as Royal Maid and Kobirioor are both good performers, and Siuta -Claus is said to have run a very satis factory trial, it should produce a most interest ing contest. I prefer . Wheatear. The Corinthian Race follows, and as Pirate baa been supported "by bis atdble for the Caulfield Cup 1 should select Cynic, if Mr Inglis sends him. The day’s sport concludes with the Toorak Handicap, with forty-two nominations; and as the distance ia within the compass of so many engaged, and several of them are nicely handicapped, it ia a very difficult task to select a probable winner. Nipper Talldy has been raised 71b for his win over, the same distance the other day, and which be accomplished easily. The Ghost and Cantata, who were second and third, are also put up a couple of pounds; aud Josephine, who got fourth; is in the receipt of 61b, so that she blasts Nipper on 131 b, and The Ghost and Cantata on 81b hotter terms respectively. Ween, who per formed in .the Flat Race on the Hunt Club day, receives 9lb for. bis defeat, but on taking a line through hie Caulfield performance in - August, with fist 7H>, and carrying Ist lllb overweight, ran a good third to Bar One, with 6st 81b, and Sea Ring with 7et, over a mile and a furlong of ground, he looks leniently treated with fist 121 b; aud should he be in the same humor as when he ran at Caulfield, I cannot see anything to beat the son of King Cole and Proposition, who is a four year old, and bred well enough to win anytbiug in the land. Doubtless there will be a large field at the post.- Mr Bond has been continually improving the surroundings since his neceeion to office, aud visitors will find the appurtenances at Caulfield almost equal to those at Randwick or Flemington. The heath has been removed from the course in the steeplechase running, and the taps of the posts have been rounded. The handicaps for Saturday’s racing will not be issued until II a.m. on Friday, when I will endeavor to select the winners. 