SATURDAY, OCTOBER Vi, 1881. We bave recently been congratulating ourselves on the evidence of reviving piosuerity to bo found in the quarterly revenue returns. The figures furnished by the Treasury department show clearly that we are gradually suffering a reco- very from the combined effects of com- mercial depression and Berry blight. While we have good cause to rejoice at the improvement which has taken place in our condition, it may be well to insti- tute a comparison between the financial symptoms of returning health and vigour apparent in our own case, and those exhibited by the neighbouring colonies, New South Wules and South Australia In carding out this comparison wo shall deal exclusively with figures ap- plying to the thieo months ending 30t_ September last During tbo quarter referred to tbo total revenue of Victoria, with a pop. lation, according to the last census of 855,000, was .£1,289,720 , whtlo New South Wales, with a population of 750,f)00, collected £1,709,962, and South Austiaha, with 277,500 mliabi tants, ,£G09,831 The respective in creases, as compared with the corre sponding period of last year, aro i.l97,_93, -.485,855, and ¿113,010 lu lound numbers, the increases per head of population are as follow -Victoria .B 7d , New South Wules, 13s, South Austialiu, 8s 2d Of course the income of each colony is made up of various items, which differ in their productiveness according to the policy pursued in con nexion theiewith For instance, the taiifl of New South Wales is basfÀ the main on free trade principles, that of Victoria l8 ultra protective, and that of South Australia may be described as " half and half " We are aware that theie is no possibility of combining free trade and piotection so as to pro duce a nnxtute of both Thero ia a hard, fast, and clearly defined line which separates them But in popu lar phraseology, wo may call that tai ill "half and half," in tho fram ng of which neither freetraders nor protectionists have wholly prevailed Again, the modes in which the waste landa of the Crown are treated in the linee colonies vary considerably In each earnest attempts are being made to establish a race of small freeholder., but the financial effects produced differ considerably Speaking generally, it may be said that the efforts being made to create a yeoman class increase the territorial revenue of New South Wales, and vary much dimmish the territorial revenue of Victoria The pressure of the free selectors in the former colony has caused the pastoral tenants to buy largely in order to protect their interests, and the Government, with an enormous estate at its disposal, can afford to satisfy their demands by auction sales, without any fear of unduly diminishing the area available for settlement by small agriculturists With us, however, it is different We have comparatively little country to dispose of, and are, therefoie, compelled by our fixed policy of fostering agricultural settlement, to abstain from selling rural lands m the open market In order that our readers may see the proportions which the vinous branches of revenue in the three colonies bear to each other, we give the following table, based upon the classification adopted in Victoria - 1 ¡rut linn 217 M Q lortcr Quarter Q r er E di p; budll l, Y din, I Sept 3D Sept. SO Sept 19 Customs I .37 077 | 308 0'5 | ljfl 1 Exclße and Inland ltcvcmio I 110120 | 73 89" | (I IV Territor al Public Vio ks Kill wojs 4c 3SC870 3 0 151 Porto a 1 Harb ure 6 816 IO 100 IoetandTclcuaih 1060 102 507 351) 29 002 14 210 1 ,,,, lines I 1 171 3 IM f "" 41 l18! ")» I Jj "80 720JI 709 00_009 S3I S> Ulinga and pence In various Items aro lu luJeJ in ti CUR total? f TI la sum Includes certain Items ot wl Ich we 1 ave no counterparts o . oducat 011 fees £5 HI cprlstratlon of brands tolla wharf routs &c; 1 TI la Bum Includes £1 002 for eduotlo ii «r vices £9 510 reimbursements of alda and £1 111 from immigrants In the revenue statement issued by the New South Wales Government, wo find the receipts are conveniently grouped in the following divisions -luxation land revenue, services rendered and miscellaneous Our Treasury déçut ment might take a hint from this laxation-i e , customs and inland revenue-gave the following sums during the last quarter -In \ io tona, £578,103, New South ^ ales, -£472,813, South Australia, .£103,13,) These aggregates show that the sura levied per head of population w13 about 13s Gd m Victoria, 12s 7d in New South Wales, and 11s 9d in South Australia The difference be tween Victoria and New South Wales is onlj lid per head, buttoiealisetkt difference our trade and the various transactions of life have been hampered by numberless imposts The tariff of New South "Wales is simplicity itself compared with ours It is no enoggera tion, we imagine, to say that for overy single aiticle which is taxed on entering New South Wales, ten pay duty in Vie tona Then m the matter of esas and inland revenue, the burden of tho colony is much greater We tax bank notes, estates of deceased persons Iand, colonial tobacco and beer, none oi which things pay toll to the tu gatherer in New South Wales South Australia has no stamp duties, land ta'v., excise duty on beer or tobacco, and yet her taxation per head is within Is 9d of ours Surely there is something wrong in our fiscal system, when m pile burden after burden on the industry and wealth of the country, and only sue ceed to a very small extent in surpass ing the results attained by our neigh bours in a much simpler way We do not offer any opinion as to the adequacy of the taxation levied in the adjacent colonies It is possible that in both cases the revenue raised in tint way might be increased with advantage. We simply draw attention to the fat' that the two communities under notice raise much more proportionately ty means of a comparatively few imposts than we do by a perfect multitude of taxes Ihe inference, we think, B obvious The progress and prosperity ot Victonaaro being retarded by unscientific axation Commerce and industry suffer the annoyance and hindrance resulting from the intrusion of the tax gath f* into nearly every transaction, without any adequate benefit resulting to the state treasury While, then, wo have good reasons to congratulate ourselves on the renewed elasticity of the revenue it must be admitted that we are not» as good a position as wo might be if «e had exhibited a little more wisdom w choosing our rulers and in ordenrg our financial legislation It is an amusing as well as an edifying fact that the opposition which is being offered to a renewal of the Anglo Trench commercial treaty, proceeds, on each side of the Channel, from a section i of the community which considera ita J calamity for both countries that their mutual commerce should have increased so materially during tho last twenty years. " We are being inundated with ' << British manufactures," exclaim the French, protectionists. "Our con « sumption of French goods is »steadily increasing," cry the "fair ».traders" in the mother country. Happily for both nations, these com- plaints aro thoroughly well-founded. Tor, while the mean annual export of French products to Great Britain for the decennial period 1847 to 1856 was no more than 406,600,000.. in value, it rose to 1,543,000,0001. in value for the decennial period 1867 to 1876. < On the other hand, the imports of British products, not reckoning those from British possessions, were of the annual value of 126,-900,000.. at the former, and of 615,800,000f. at the latter period. Thus, the commercial trans- actions of the two nations were actually quadrupled in twenty years. Each benefited by the freedoni_ of exchange secured to its industries; and if France should refuse, as appears to be not improbable, to renew the treaty of 1860, the loss will be hers and not that of the mother country; for as Mr. BIED has said, in the Fort- nightly Review, " If the French people " cannot appreciate the value of this " market, it would seem as if Spain " and Italy could do so, for a public f opinion in favour of free trade seems i" actually in process of formation there." And it -would be a very serious business lor France, of whose exports Great Britain absorbs nearly one-third S27,200,000f. out of 3,306,500,000f. on the yearly average between 1867 and 1876-if other continental countries were to step in and appropriate a con- siderable proportion of this large and lucrative trade. So long as the mother country adheres to free trade, her posi- tion will continue impregnable, while that of the nations which deliberately letter their industries, and impede ex- ports by obstructing imports, must be weakened and impaired. Of this, we iiave a striking illustration in the case .of Germany, from whence the emigra- tion to America, ever since Prince ¡BISMARCK imposed a protectionist policy on the empire, has assumed such pro- portions as to alarm the Government, During the fout months ending the 1st of May, 1881, 53,293 German im- migrants landed in New York, in spite of the fact that Prince BISMARCK has established a bureau ïu Berlin from whence are dis Beminated, by means of the subsidised journals in Germany, fictitious accounts of the sufferings and privations of Ger- man immigrants in the United States, Again, if we look at the condition of Saxony, the seat of the more important textile manufactures of the empire, what üo we find1} That, according to the 'Magdeburg Zeitung, the savings banks of that kingdom paid out, during the month of June last, upwards of £100,000 more than they received, and that during the first six months of the_ pre Bent year the receipts had diminished _ei0-,000, and the payments had in- creased J.282,000 as compared with the corresponding six months of 1880. Thus in Saxony, as elsewhere, the effect of protection has been to make the poor poorer. Let us turn to Great Britain, and note the contrast. The number of emigrants of British origin who quitted the United Kingdom in six years between 1869 and 1874 inclusive was 1,218,000 ; for the Bix years 1875-80 it had fallen to 850,000, a decrease of 30 per cent., and it must be remembered that the density of the population in Great Britain and Ireland is 265 to the square mile; whereas it is only 193 in Ger- many. Again, the deposits in the savings banks of the mother country, which were J.51,078,000 in 1869, rose to -.64,624,000 in 1874, and to -677,721,000 last year. Figures like these are the best possible refutation of the ludicrous misstatements indulged in by such reckless writers as Sir EDWARD SULLIVAN, who deliberately asserts, in the Nineteenth Century, that the working men of Great Britain are " badly off," and that " for five or six years they have been '' consuming their savings." In six years, as we have just shown, those savings have increased upwards of eleven millions sterling, so that these must liave possessed the miraculous properties of the widow's handful of meal and ci use of oil. Meanwhile pauperism has steadily Biminished, as will be seen by the sub- joined figures : If umber of paupora in r ) celpt of relief in En"-| land and Scotland But the best test of whether the popula- tion of a country is " badly off " or not is that which is supplied by the statis- tics of consumption in regard to those articles of which the working classes are the largest consumers. And here the official returns distinctly point to an in- crease during the post ten years in their purchasing power, as is shown by the following table : Cocoa . Oftco. Sugar . Consumption per Iload. lbSO. Lbs. 0 81 0 02 03 C8 4'50 V43 Gallons. 0 2S 0 84 1874. Lbs. 0 27 0 00 50 S7 423 1-44 Gallons. 0 33 0-91 1800. Lbs. 010 0.1 42-60 3-3 1'35 Gallons. 0-27 0'7l Speaking of the manufacturing indus- tries of the mother country, Sir EDWARD SULLIVAN gloomily proclaims that " the cloud that threatens the in " dustriol existence of England has been " gathering and intensifying for six " years." Most persons who have really studied the subject, and aro conversant .with it in all its details, will be disposed to conclude that the cloudiness exists in lis own brain only ; for it is an undeni- able fact that the chief industries of Great Britain have been actually more productive during that very period than they were in the " flush times " which preceded them. This will be clearly shown by the following official figures: l61- -cars, Six Years,! ,_"."._. line, liwr. on i 107.17ti increase. «, 1875 80. I 1874 70. Cottonconsump. Lbs. tlon .. .. 7.78301000 721.863000 .Wool (foreign) \- .? .[1.32G440001064-67000 Tons. consumption., rlfr-lron produc tlon .. ..i Coal production. 30G18OO0 87380000 (.13266000 7107030001 1O24O2O0OI % And while the condition of the working classes is steadily improving, as evi flenced by diminished emigration, de- creasing pauperism, increased savings, and an augmented consumption of the necessaries of life, the wealth of Great Britain is also steadily expanding, In 186D, the . gross value of property and profits assessed to income tar 'was-returned at £434,804,000; iu 1874 it amounted to £543,026,000; and in 1879 it reached £578,046,000. If all these things be the indications of the " ruin" Sir EDWARD SULLIVAN talks about, the best friends of England must wish that the ruining process may long continue, and that protection may never be at a loss for advocates so unin- formed, so inaccurate, and BO well qua- lified to bring ridicule upon a bad cause as himself. The arrest of Mr. Parnell, and the an- nouncement of the Government that they will no longer tolerate the systematic attempts of professional agitators to incite the people to refuse obedience to the laws, have aroused intense excitement in the disaffected dis- tricts in Ireland. The Irish members, too, are much incensed, and have resolved to urge the people of Ireland to pay no more Government taxes until the poli Ty of coercion is abandoned. Mr. Dillon, M.P., who was recently released from Kilmainham Gaol, on the plea that the confinement was inju- rious to hie health, has been elected president of the Irish Land League in place of Mr. Par- nell. Mr. Gladstone, in a vigorous speech, de- livered at the Guildhall on Thursday, an- nounced that the Government intended to maintain order in Ireland, and to protect the people against the dangerous influence of agitators like Mr. Parnell, who appeared to aim at the destruction of the law and the substitution of anarchical oppression. Re- ferring to the Transvaal difficulty, the Prime Minister stated that the Government in- tended to adhere to the terms of the Con- vention recently accepted by the Boor leaders. In that case the Volksraad must either ratify the convention within the next three weeks, or be prepared to resist the revival of Her Majesty's sovereignty over the country. The struggle between Abdur Rahman and Ayoub Khan for the sovereignty of Afghanis- tan has resulted disastrously for the latteri who has been obliged to once more seek an asylum in Persia. When he lied from Herat in 1875, he waa moat kindly treated by the Shah, who assigned him a pension. He resided at Meshed until after the flight of Sbere Ali from Cabul, when he succeeded in acquiring the governorship of Herat, which be retained until within the last few days. Sporting people will be glad to learn that Bend Or, the winner of the Derby in 1880, has defeated the American horse Iroquois in the Champion Stakes at Newmarket. Iro- quois, it will be remembered, won the Derby and St. Leger this year, but a short distance race doea not Beem to auit him. TheB.M.S. Ravenna arrived at Adelaide yeBterday morning at half-past 11 o'clock, and sailed for Melbourne at 4 p.m. She will arrive in Ilobson's Bay to-morrow morning. A meeting of the Cabinet was held yester- day afternoon. Ministers were occupied chiefly with the final revision of the Land Bill, which the Government hope to be able to circulate on Monday. It is understood that the principles of the measure do not differ from the lines ¡sketched by the Premier in his epeech at Lancefield. The Government have not yet had under 1 consideration the matter of the appointment of a new County Court judge, there being no money available for the salary at present, but it is considered that it will be necessary to make such an appointment before long. The secretary to the Education department has recommended the Minister to appoint a board to inquire into the complaint against Mr. Hayes, teacher at Kilmore, and the board will be appointed in a few days. In reply to a deputation from the Anti Tramway Association yesterday, Sir Bryan O'Logblen said that no tramway bill could be dealt with during the present session, and that any measure introduced for the con- struction of tramways must be a Government one. A deputation from the Cabmen's Union waited upon the Commissioner of Customs yesterday to ask for an alteration of the duty on maize. It was urged that this tax pressed very heavily on the cabmen, it being esti- mated that the duty made a difference of £lG,000or £17,000 a year in the expenditure of the cabmen of Melbourne on food for their liorees. Mr. Graves promised to refer the request to the Tariff Commission. A huge map has been prepared in the Rail- way department for exhibition in Parliament during the discussion on the new railway ex- tension bill. It shows very distinctly the lines of railway already constructed, and those authorised by Parliament under the last bill. It also indicates the areas selected up to the present time, and the number of acres owned by the principal landholders. The map ia a copy of the one prepared by Mr. Dow, M.L.A., but it contains supplementary information supplied by the Landa department. It ia lGft. long by 12ft, high, and the scale adopted is 2_ miles to the inch. The lines to be included in the new bill will be added before the map is removed to the Legislative Assembly. The Railway department yesterday opened four tenders for the supply of 20,000 tons of steel rails and 1,070 tons of steel fish-plates. In the absence of the Minister of Railways, it was at first deemed advisable to make no announcement as to the amounts of the respective tenders, but subsequently, at the request of the firms who had tendered, it was announced that the tender of Mr. Sali Cleve, of Little FlinderB-street west, was the lowest, the amount being £_G3,292 10s. Ko tender will, however, be formally accepted until after the return of Mr. Bent from the country next week. The Government Qazttte of last night noti. Gea that Captain William Henry Snee and Captain Frederick William Bull have been promoted to be majors in the military forces of Victoria, dating from the 1st and 2nd September respectively. The Police Commission bad a short sitting yesterday, for the purpose of dealing with the protest sent in by Mr. Dixon, one of the members dissenting from the views of the majority. It was decided that the protest should be attached to the report. Some dis- cussion took place with regard to the prema- ture disclosure of the supposed views of the commission by the agency of one of the members, but no action was taken. The commissioners adjourned until Tuesday, when their report will be signed. The inquiry into the "Kelly pursuit" having now been terminated, the commission will next consider the general condition of tbe police force, comparing the Victorian system with the organisations existing in other parts of the British empire. This is a subject which will occupy their attention for some time. Senior-constable Gill telegraphed to the Central Board of Health yeäterday that a supposed case of small-pox had occurred at Avenel, the sufferer being a Chiuaman'a wife, but that Mr. Worthington, the public vacci nator, having Been the patient, was satisfied that it was not a case of small-pox. There being no doctor within 10 miles, the con- stable asked for instructions. The secretary to the Central Board, on receipt of the tele- gram, directed the local board at Seymour to send Dr. Tuck or Dr. Ray to report on the case, and instructed Constable Gill to enforce strict isolation, to keep the Central Board fully informed in the matter, and to endea- vour to ascertain if thedisease could be traced. The Acting-Chief Commissioner of Police received a communication yeBterday from Senior-constable Gill, at Avenel, stating that Dr. Ray, of Seymour, had examined the woman reported to be suffering from small- pox, and found that there was no truth what- ever in tho rumour. A meeting of the Steam Navigation Board was held yeBterday, to consider the circum- stances attending the collision between the s.a. Belle of the West and the steam launch Pilot, off Williamstown. After hearing'the evidence that was adduced, the board de- cided that the collision waa brought about by want of caro on the part of both the masters concerned, and they were cautioned to be more careful. The board also inquired into the cause of the grounding of the Pretty Jane at the Gipps Land Lakes entrance. The finding waa that the master took every reasonable precaution to ascertain the depth of the water at the entrance, and was not culpable for the accident. The annual meetings of the Congregational Union and Mission of Victoria were con tinned last night at the Collins-street Inde- pendent Church. The Rev. A. Gosman and the Rev. R. Connebee read papers of much interest to the church, the former offering some important suggestions with regard to church meetings, which evoked much discus- sion. Hospital Saturday and Sunday will be ob- served on the 22nd and 23rd of the current month. The usual information relating to the charities to be assisted baa been trans- mitted to the various churches, and further arrangements are in course of completion. On the Sunday afternoon Dr. Bromby and other clergymen will officiate at a fall choral service in the Town-hall, the Rev. C. K Drought will be the preacher, and the choir of AU Saints' Church, St. Kilda, under the direction of Mr, Summers, will render the musical portion. Admission to the service will be by ticket. His Honour Mr. Justice Molesworth will deliver the reserved judgment in the Lamont will case on Monday morning at 11 o'clock. We are glad to be able to state that his Honour Mr. Justice Molesworth baa now completely recovered his health. Next week he will proceed with the equity business of the Supreme Court. A meeting of the Alfred Hospital com- mittee was held yesterday afternoon. The resolution passed at a recent meeting of the medical staff with regard to the drain- age waa brought up for consideration, and after brief discussion was held over. The committee also took into con- sideration the resolution passed by the honorary medical committee on the 12th ¡net., which was to the effect that the medical officers present at that meeting considered it desirable that the manage- ment of the hoBpitol should be placed in the hands of a senior medical man, as- sisted by a junior medical man and house steward. The chairman expressed the opinion that the medical staff present at the meeting of the 12th inst. had gone out of their way in dealing with the question before they wero requested to do so, and while it was under the consideration of the General Managing Committee. The consideration of the resolution was postponed sine die. His Honour Mr. Justice Williams was en- gaged in the Equity Court yesterday in hear, ing a suit of Brown v. Abbott. The suit was brought by the plaintiff, Mary Brown, on behalf of beraelf and other residuary legatees and devisees of the will of Edwin Trenery, late of Ballarat, to have the estate adminis- tered under the direction of the Court. The teatator, Edwin Trenery, was at the time of his death possessed of four properties, one known na Tregothnan, and three others at Doctor's Creek, Ballarat, and Campbellfield. At the timeof hiadealh there were equitable mort- gagee to the amount of £13,000 to the Com. merdai Bank. By his will he devised in strict settlement to the defendant Joseph Trenery, the property known as Tregothnan, with remainder to his brothers. To Thomas Trenery he devised the property at Doctor's Creek, and the Ballarat property to Wm. Trenery. He gave all the residuary real and personal property, after payment of certain legacies, to his nephews and nieces. The Tregothnan property was also charged with an annuity of £300 to the widow by a settlement. The testator had, how- ever, received all the rents and profits of this settled property] up to the time of his death. There were two questions involved. The first waa as between the specific devisees and the residuary devisees and legatees, whether the mortgaged proper- ties should pay où" the mortgages, in which case there would be nothing left for the specfic devisees, or whether the mortgage debts should be paid out of the residuary real and personal property. It was con- tended for the plaintiff that under Bection 150 of the Real Property Statute, each mort- gaged property must bear the burden of its mortgage ; on the other hand, it was con- tended for the specific devisees (Joseph Thomas and Wm. Morton Trenery) that a contrary intention waa shown by the trusta of the will, and also by various powers of attorney given by the testator to Mr. David Abbott, one of the trustees of the will. The next question waB whether the widow was entitled to claim the arrears of the annuity as alie bad allowed her husband to appropriate the money out of the estate settled on her- nia Honour reserved his decision. A question OB to the responsibility of a man for debts contracted by his wife in legal proceedings against himself was raised yester- day in tbe County Court in the case of ¡Sieve wright v. M'Evoy, The plaintiff, who was an attorney, had been employed by defendant's wife to bring an action before justices to obtain maintenance from her husband. The vvife'B law costs in connexion with this and other legal mattera amounted to £24 la. Gd., which the attorney now claimed from the husband. Mr. Walsh, who appeared for the defence, raised the objection that the correct bill of coots had not been served on the de- fendant. A bill had been delivered to the latter, but tbo particulars given in it were not precisely identical with those annexed to the Bummons. This objection was overrulod by the Court After the plaintiff's evidence was concluded, Mr. Walsh took another ob- jection, that the husband waa not responsible for law coats incurred by bia wife in obtaining an order for maintenance. Mr, Quinlan, for the plaintiff, quoted several authorities to re- but this view. He contended that as the wife waB receiving an allowance from her husband, she bad authority to pledge his credit for legal expenses until the marriage waB dis- solved. The defendant swore that be had paid his wife 12s. fld. a week up to the time that she issued the Bummons. His Honour reserved his decision to enable bim to look into the authorities. Some curious facts were elicited yester- day in the Insolvent Court during the examination of an insolvent named John Coyne Riley, a bookmaker. It appears that on the night of the 10th August, the insolvent was gambling with a man named Fowler, from whom he won the sum of £200. Fowler gave several cheques of dif- ferent values for the amount. The insolvent some time afterwards bought a lot of goods from Melbourne tradesmen, to whom he gave Fowler's cheques, which were dis- honoured when presented. He bought a dia- mond ring from Messrs. Walsh Bros. for £40, and handed them Fowler's valueless cheque for that amount. This ring he subsequently sold to a bookmaker named Allen, for £25. He had also sold a number of other articles which he had obtained by means of these cheques. The examination occupied the Court nearly the whole day, and at its con- clusion Riley was arrested outside the court, and locked up, charged with having obtained goods under false pretences. The recent bazaar in aid of the renovation fund of St. John's Church, Heidelberg, we are glad to learn, has resulted in a net profit of about £300. A meeting was held in the Mechanics' Institute, Emerald Hill, on Thursday evening last, for the purpose of forming a Coffee Taverns Company Limited, Mr. J. Miller in the chair. After the Rev. R. B. Dickinson had explained the action taken by himself in starting the movement, it was unanimously agreed to form a company, to be called the South Melbourne Coffee Taverns Company Limited, to consist of 5,000 Bhares of one p.und each. Messrs. T. B. G uest, Arnell, J. Danks, Dodds, and Nicholson were appointed ft sub-com ittee to tow up a prospectus, ¿te.,' to be submitted at the j adjourned meeting on Monday, 24th October, at S p.m. A large and influential pro. visional committee waa formed, and Mr. C. A. Arvier was requested to act as honorary secretary. A number of Bbaros waa at once applied for by the gentlemen present 'An influential meeting of gentlemen took place yeBterday, at 16 Collins- Btreet west, for the purpose of forming a company, to be called the Victorian Mutual Monte de Pietó Deposit and Investment Company. It ia to be carried on under a Byatem aimilnr to that of the Montes de Pietó of Paris, and other continental cities of Europe. The capital of the company is to be £50,000, in £1 shares, with power to increase. A prospectus was read and adopted. At tho meeting several thousand shares were promised to be sub- scribed for. Tbo bankers selected were the Colonial Bank. Mesera. J. B. Were and Son were appointed brokera, Mr. L. M. Myers manager pro tem., and Mr. W. R. Windsor, solicitor. The provisional directors are aa follow:-Mr, James Mirams, M.L,A., chair- man; the Hon. L. L. Smith, M.L.A.; E. L. Zox, M.L.A.; the Hon.Robert Byrne, J.P.; Thomas Brun ton, J.P.; Alfred Nicholas, Alex.Young, Jamea Millar, John J. M'Carron, (M'Carron, Bird, and Co,), T. K. Bennet, Isaac Sanderson, Grey-Btreot, East Melbourne, and Thompson Moore, Sandhurst. The fall prospectus will appear in out advertising columns in a few days. The monthly meeting of the Victorian Academy of Arts was held on Tuesday laat, the president, Mr. Earles, in the chair. Mr. Earles reported that the deputation ap- pointed by the council had waited on the Chief Secretary, introduced by the Hon. L. L. Smith and Mr. Zox, M.L.A., and that after listening to the detaiiB, he promised to do all that lay in his power to for- ward their request. The secretary hav- ing read the draft annual report, it was ordered to be printed, together with the treasurer's balance-sheet and the rules, for distribution. It waa reaolved that the annual general meeting should be held on Thursday, 27th October, at balf-paat 7 p.m., when the elections for council and officers will take place. At Mr. W. Campbell's request, the consideration of Mr. Taylor's election waa postponed to next meeting. Mr, Edwards withdrew his proposed action in the matter of electing academicians, and tbo meeting closed. The works of the Victorian Sketch- ing Club for this month were hung in the room as usual. A meeting of the general committee of the Benevolent ABylum was to have been held yesterday, to consider several proposed changes in the management of the institu- tion, which appeared in The Argus of the same day. Several members attended, bat in compliment to the chairman, who waa unable to be present through illness, the meeting was adjourned until Monday afternoon next, at 3 o'clock. A woman named Grace Dillon has been re- ported to the police as missing from her home, 122 Little Bourke-strent weat, since the ?lth inst. She ia described aa being 28 years of age, 5ft. 4in. in height, thin build, and with fair complexion and hair. At the time of her disappearance she waa dressed in a navy blue dress, black cloak trimmed with fur, and black bat with white feather. Aa she has been drinking heavily for some time, fears are entertained for her safety, anda reward of £10 ia offered for information con- cerning her whereabouts. The following tenders were yesterday pro- visionally accepted by the Railway depart- ment:-For the supply of G.OOO redgum sleepers, Mr. David Blair, £1,113103.; for the manufacture and supply of 50 sets of plate- layers' tools, Mr. A. Braid, £1,814 8s. Gd.;and of point connexions, Messrs, R. Bain and Son, £198 4s. 4d.; for the erection of goods sheds at Arcadia and Pakenham, Mr. N. Irwin, £404 17B. 3d. and £42G 5s. 8d. respec- tively ; for the supply of 1,000 cubic yards of bluestone metal for the south suburban lines, Mr. J. Kagg, £293 13s. 4d., the stone co be band-broken. Tenders were also received for the supply of 5,000 cubic yards of blue- stone metal, to be delivered at Williams- town, and for the fitting of 12 railway car- riages with a gas apparatus, but the tenders in each instance wert referred to the officers of the department for a report. The Victorian Institute of Architects held their quarterly meeting last evening at the Athenteum, Mr. Geo. Wharton occupying the chair. Mr. H. B. Gibba having been elected an associate, the members discussed a paper read by the chairman at the last meeting, on the subject of the architects' profession in Victoria, and the meeting adjourned. The Mining department has received a report from Mr, Warden Howitt, stating tha important discoveries have been made in the reefs at Dry Gully Creak, four miles from Livingstone, and expressing the opinion that quartz veins should be searched for in the Omeo metamorphic Bchista. The borough councils of Kew and Essendon and Flemington have signified their approval of the erection of a contagious disensos hos- pital at Fisherman's Bend. No reply has yet been received to the Central Board of Health's circular on the subject from the Borough of Brunswick. Monday, the 17th inst,, has been pro- claimed a bank and public holiday at Stawell, and Wednesday, the 19tb iust., a bank holi- day at Tatura. It will be seen by advertisement that ar- rangements have now been completed by Signor D. De Vivo for the first appearance in Melbourne of Professor A. P. Rudolphe in a séries of billiard exhibitions. Judging by the reputation which he has gained elsewhere, and by the remarkable achievements with which he is credited, his exhibitions promise to be of ex- ceptional attractiveness and interest to billiordplayers. He appears to combine with finished skill in all the details of the game a peculiar aptitude for fantastic strokes of every description, using one or two cuea with facility and skill, and introducing also some clever finger-play. Profesaor Rudolphe is an- nounced to appear on Saturday next, at the Athenajum-hall, which will bo specially fitted up for his exhibitions. We remind our musical readers that the Wilhelm j Festival Concert takes place to-night in the Town-hall. A popular programme has been prepared, which will be found in full in another column. Full orchestra and chorus are engaged in addition to the principals, namely, Herr Wilhelmj, Miss Marie Conron, and Herr Max Vogrich, Mr. HarkinB repeated his impersonation of "Othello" at the Theatre Royal lost night, maintaining a firm hold on the audience throughout, and securing in one or two of the great acenes applause of a kind which is but îarely heard in the theatre. " Virginius " will be played this evening, with Mr, HarkinB as the Roman father. Herr Bandmann begins a series of Shale apearían performances at the Opera- house this evening with "Hamlet." Misa Louiae Beaudet will Bustain the part of Ophelia, and Mr. FairclougU ia caBt for tho Ghost. The "Juvenile Tambour-Major" continues to draw numerous visitors to the Bijou Theatre. This entertaining performance will be repeated to-night. Professor Anderson's conjuring entertain- ment bas been largely patronised at St. George's Hall during the week. Some changea in the programme are announced for to-night. The late Novelty Theatre, re.chtistened Hudson's Theatre, will be opened to- night by Hudson's Surprise Party, who did good busi- ness at St. George's Hall Borne two years ago. An announcement in another column ¡uti matea that the Princess's Theatre will be re- opened on Saturday evening, October 29, under the management of Mr. Frederick Marshall. In the company engaged by Mr. Marshall will befoundthenamesof several well and favourably known actors and actresses, in- cluding Mr. G. S. Titheradge and Mr. Frank CateB, Mrs. George Gordon, Mra. Edouia Bryer, Misa Alma Santon, and Misa Annie Taylor Considerable improvements have been made m the internal aspect of the theatre, and Mr George Gordon has been busily engaged for some time in the prepara- tion of new scenery Mr V C Burnands amusing comedy "Betsy will be the opening piece of the season Further announcements with regard to the approaching Grat appearance in Melbonrne of Frederic Maccabo appear elsewhere ItMr will be Been that Mr Maceabas entertain- ment ia one of bia own composition and invention, and it is one in which he has appeared with singular success He will appear this day week at the Town hall. Mesara Buckley and Gardner a minstrels are advertised to continue their entertain menta at the Apollo hall A very successful concert of sacred music, in aid of the organ fund, took place on Thura doy evening, in the Presbyterian Church, Clarendon Btreet, Emerald hill A good pro gramme of b gh class music waB effectively rendered by the choir, assisted by a few instrumentalists, under the leadership of Mr Kerr Johnston, organist of the church After a few remarks by the chairman, the Rev. Charlea Bell, on able address on " Church MUBIC waa delivered hy the Rev J Laurence Kenton], M A We are desired to mention that the jurors of section six-apparatus and processes used in the common arts-of the Adelaide Exhibí tiou awarded Mr J E edwards, of Mel- bourne, electrician, a first order of merit for telephone, telegraph apparatus, and electric bells exhibited by him In compliance with a requisition signed by a large number of the ratepayers (which ia published m an advertisement) Mr I Sander- son, of EaBt Melbourne, baa consented to be a candidate for Albert Ward at the annual City Council elections An advertisement elsewhere furnishes some description of a new antiseptic respirator, designed and manufactured by Messra Mayer, Meltzer, and Co , surgical instrument makers, of Lonsdale street for the dry inhalation of carbolic acid and creosote In the notice of the performance of M Leon Caron a cantata "Victoria on Thurs- day evening, there was an madverdent omis- sion of the name of Mr A J M B M Cullagh, the conductor, who was mainly instrumental m getting up the concert, and contributed largely to ita success We ba\e received from Mr Sizar Elliott, J P a copy of a photograph entitled " Remi- niscences of the Past It reproduces in miniature views of subjects of some historical interest, as, for example, of the first meat preserving factory in New South Wales (184G), a buBinesB establishment in Melbourne (1851) as well as fac similes of medals and certificates awarded by the Port Phillip Taimers Society in l8, land 1857 The photo graphic work has been neatly executed by Mesera Batchelder and Co MesBia Johnstone O ShannesBy, and Co , of Bourke streot, have sent UB some speci mens of a particularly fine series of photo graphs recently taken of His excellency the Governor and the Marchioness of Normanby I he likenesses are simply perfect, and the photographs have all that delicacy of finish and refinement of style which characterises the work of this firm The full length boudoir portrait of Lady Normanby is an especially fine photograph A variety programme baa been provided for thia evening a People a Concert m the Tem- perance hall, RuBsell Btreet, when, in addition to a large number of popular vocalists a High- land dancing party will appear m reels, strathspeja, flings, sword dances, and shan trews, the music for which will be furnished by Mr Broadhurst piper Mr Harry Torder, the popular blind instrumentalist, will appear in clanonette soloa Mr Harry AUuutt and MIBB Bassett M Donald will take part in a musical comedietta, and Mr B W Daly will appear in Irish character sketches and clog danceB The chair will be taken by Mr W. V Lambert, and Miss Dwight will presido at the piano The executive committee of the Victorian Alliance metat the Temperance hall, Russell Btreet, last evening, Mr John Poon in the chair The correspondence read indicated a growing interest in the objects Bought to be accomplished by the alliance The monthly financial statement was adopted, and all outstanding accounts passed for paj ment. It waa stated that the ar rangements for the public meeting at Prahran were all completed and a large attendance was anticipated It was decided to bold a meeting at Emerald lull during No vember _he Publication Committee re ported that the neceBsnrj legal stops were being taken for the registration of tUe A lit ance Rccoid and that tho 1'unt number would be iSBued on the following day The UBual monthly meeting of the com mittee of the Melbourne Jewish Pbilan tbropic Society was held on Tuesday, the 11th inst , Mr B Sniders the treasurer, in the chair ihe acting president reported that Bince laBt meeting lie had granted relio in 19 cases-to the extent of £2u 10a , and the committee voted the sum of £23 to other ap pilcante for relief The treasurer reporte that there was a balance of £63 7s 10d m the bank to tbe credit of the societs Mr H G Turner, bon treasurer of the Marcus Clarke fund, begB to acknowledge re ceiptof tbe undermentioned {contributions -Dr Poley, £3 3s , " Bal/ac, ' £2 2ä , M J Gair, £1 Is W P Larkins, £1 Is , and Geo Hill, 10s Gd The total amount re ceived to datéis £762 2s 4d , and as the committee is desirous of at once arranging for its most beneficial application, all holders of subscription lists are urgently requested to complete them, and transmit proceeds to tbe treasurer m time for the final acknow ledgement in next Saturday s papers Includ ing the amount to come in from the theatrical benefit in Sydney, the committee trusta that the amount will be brought up to at least £1,000 lhe adjourned second half .early meeting ' of the shareholders of the Victorian Co opera live Dreea Supply AaBociation (Limited) waa held veBterday at the Athentnum, a large number of ladies and gentlemen being pre sent Tbe report and balance sheet were read and discussed On the motion of the chairman (Dr Cutts), seconded by Mr J M Pratt they wero adopted The retiring directors (Mesara Cutts, Nanson, and Hand ford) were re elected without opposition Messrs Davey, Cole, and Tlack were re appointed auditors A vote of thanks to the duectors cloBed the meeting 