CRICKET NOTES. [Br Covkepoint.1 So the Englishmen have won their first big match. This has occasioned a good deal of Burpriea in some quarters where the Sydney men received warm support, bnt there is no doubt that excepting a little luck they had, ilr. Shaw's team won the match on its merits. In the first place they scored a point whan Jones, who is recognised as a good all-round player, was disabled in the early part of the game. The New South Wales elevon could not afford to lose Jones, and playing with only tea men was too great a handicap, and indirectly no doubt contributed to their defeat. After Friday's play when it was found that, owing chiefly to the splendid batting of TJfyetfe, Seiby, and Barlow, the Englishmen had put on .235 runs for the iota of only fiva wickets, the visitors quickly rose sn the public estimati in, and it was predicted confidently that the colonials were out of it, Cricket, however, is a funny game (pardon the stateness of the remark), end when the last five wicksfa fell for 25 rune, and the inning3 closed for 273, the hopes of the Cornstalks began to revive. Massie was of course to tbo fore in the batting, indeed we rarely hear of his playing unless we get the news at the e?.eos time of a large score. No bowling appears to come amiss to him Its a oase of " all is fish that comes to my not," and he dashes alc-ng ca a career that, to say the least of it, is as impetuous as it is brilliant. On Friday he was ably supported by Murdoch, and when stumps were drawn, and it was found there were only three wickets down for 31(34 a considerable change was effected in the betting. Monday found a different state of things, the wickets going down like ninepins, and" there was something like a howl of execration among the supporters of the colonials when it was shown that the local men were 62 runs to the bad. In their second innings the -Englishmen again scored pretty freely, Mtdwinter doing the lion's share of the work, and it was found that another day's play would be necessary to finish the game. However, the innings olossd for 162, and the New South Wales Eleven had 225 runs to gst to win, a task they were unable to accomplish. Massie again knocked the bowliDg- about tremendously, his innings being spoken of in the highest terms of praise. His leviathan efforts and the steady batting of. Murdooh and Alec Ban ntrinan were, however, unavailing, and the match was won by the Englishman by 63 runs. The splendid bowling of Alfred Shaw in the last innings was a special feature of the match. I heard some one. say the other day that Shaw was not the bowler he ueed to be, but a man who can send down 116 balls at a cost of 5 runs and can at the same time oapture three wickets, appears more likely to be in his prime. As a proof of bis lasting power it may be said that Shaw was bowling for two hours. Peate also trundled well, delivering in the two innings 436 ball3 at a cost of 101 runs, and getting six wioketa. For the Cornstalks, Evans Becured the highest bowling honors, capturing six wickets for 60 runB in the second innings. The match between the All-England Eleven and the Victorians will have been commenced ley the time these notes are in my readers hands. Knowing, however, nothing of the result of the first day's play, I cannot help saying that I p'.n my faith to the Viotorians, who will in my opinion take a lot of beating. With Allan, Blaokham, Bonnor, Boyle, Cooper, Edwards, Groube, Koran, McDonnell, MoShane, and Palmer the batting and bowling elements are strongly represented. Peroy McDonnell has been coming off as a bowler lately, and will probably be tried in this big , event. Of Moale, who has been placed on the emergenoy list, it is asserted that he has been showing some of his old form, and it is a question whether his ra cent play did not entitle him to be place 1 with the eleven. The game is likely to prove vary exciting. It will be interesting to many of my readers to know that in a recent oup match, played between the Ducedin and Carisbook Clubs, Mr. G. V. Cross, who has taken up his lot in New Zealand, and is playing for the Oarisbrook Club, secured on a lair wicket six wickets for the snail total of 4 runs. Mr Cross will be remembered by his connection with the Glen side and afterwards with the Kent Glub iu this colony, when he was known as a very fair bowler. , It one were to judge by the first innings it might be very fairly prophesied that the Hind marsh Club would be defeated by the Keats and South Adelaides. The latter ciab has received an acquisition in Roach, who hails from the Burra, and trundled very well on Saturday. At one time matters looked very blue for the Bricks, no less than five of their wickets being down for the miserably small total of 33 runs; but King and Bullough came to the rescue, both men playing vigorously, and defying the efforts of the bowlers tc dislodge them. Gould batted very nicely, but the rest of the team may bepaBsed over without comment. With 118 runs to make, the Kents and South Adelaides started business, bnt nothing of par ticular note was done until Godfrey's appear ance. Godfrey played au excellent iaaings, without giving the ghost of a chanoe, and his fine all-round hitting was the theme of general comment. With reference to "Witling's dis missal, it was generally thought that some mis take had arisen, but the matter is surrounded by so many issues that I shall not do more than thus briefly refer to it. I shall always be one of the last persons to attack the decision of any umpire, recognising as I do that he has an cnerouB and unthankful duty to fulfil, and that, as a rule, be is in a far better position tc judge whether a batsman is out thau any outsider. At the same time, I reserve to myself the right toj call attention to what may be thought an umpire's mistake, it being clearly understood that not the least reflection is meant on ths general capability of that gentleman. Luckily here our cricketers, as they ought, always accept the fiat of the um pire and leave any grumbling they may have ■ do until after they have left the wickets. I trust this will always be the case, and with the single exception of merely referring to what may or may not be mistakes, the umpires, in dividually and oolleotiveiy, will have no'atroager supporter than myself. The Norwoods wiil have to take great care or their victorious career will receive a sudden oheok. Had it not been for their captain and Tray nor on Saturday their score would have been conspiouons by its smallness. Luoaa and Caterer were bowling weli, and with eight wickets down for 52 runs it seemed as if the Kensingtons were going to do the trick, but Gcoden, l'raynor, and Letchford by judicious cricket brought the total to 159. Giffan and Quilty bowled very warmly, and the Kensing tons h&vo; three wickets down for 37 runs. There is no reason in the world why the Ken singtons should not score a win it chcy play with cpirit, butth9y will have to make Sheuiost of the first innings. Stow and one or two others coming to the fot6 with go-d rotate would help matters. This afternoon the unfinished matches be tween the Eindinarsh and Kent and South Adelaides and the Norwoods and the Ksnsing tons will'be played. I cannot help calling attention to one of the junior clnbs which has been showing great form this season. I allude, of coarse, to tb 3 College Parks, who, under the able captaincy of Mr. G. F. WhitridgOj 15 being led to victory Saturday after Saturday. Not one of the clubs of the Adelaide and Suburban Association ap pears to be able to stand up to the College Parks, and Mr. Whitridge's team is likely to end the season with no defeats reoorded against it. 