EASY CHAIR JOTTINGS. MR. M'KEAN deserves the thanks of one section of the community at any rate. It may be—let us hope it is—a small section, but its members ought to be uncommonly grateful to the hon. member. He has introduced a deputation to ask that the " Insolvents' track" may be cleared, and the Minister in charge of the department has promised that it shall be. It happens that the particular " Insolvents' track" in this instance is a road in Gippsland. But there must be many other insolvents in the colony who would be only too glad to see their tracks cleared. At present, what with tall gumtrees in the shape of lawyers and officials, and undergrowth in the way of fees, etc., the "insolvent's track" is pretty well blocked up, and some sort of a clearance would be welcome, not only to the insolvents themselves, but to the creditors who use the same road, and find the traffic just as much obstructed. In the old days it was held by some of the judges that the Act was one for the relief of insolvent debtors, and they were relieved accordingly. Now it is supposed that it is intended also to protect the interests of creditors as well. Bat, as a matter of fact, neither of them get much good out of it. Verily the track wants clearing considerably. Mr. G. W. Rusden has given to the St. Kilda Birough Council an interesting account of the fenced in (I suppose it may be called fencing) graves at Point Ormond (Red Bluff). It appears that they contain the remains of three immigrants by the Glen Huntly, who arrived here in 1840, and died when the ship was in quarantine, opposite the place where their graves are now situated. If spirits can revisit the earth, how astonished these three worthy ghosts would be by a visit to the scene of their earthly trials. There is but little alteration on the immediate spot itself, but, within a stone's throw of what was then a lonely swamp of the highly dismal order, there is now a suburban town, almost approaching in size to a city. It is not yet known what the Council of St. Kilda intends to do in the matter, but the erection of an inexpensive, though suitable, memorial would not be a bad idea. An old and worthy friend of mine is wont, when asked to amuse a festive gathering, to sing a song the refrain of which, delivered in mellifluous tones, is "People will talk." It is a philosophical reflection with which he consoles himself on all and every occasion. And very good philosophy it is. It is a good thing to be able to shrug your shoulders when hearing a scandal, and say, "People will talk." Unfortunately, however, there is sometimes truth in the talk alluded to, and then all the philosophy in the world will not mend the matter. For example, the manager of the Union Bank declares that there is no foundation whatever for the rumours generally circulated with reference to there being something wrong with the staff of that institution. "People will talk," and that is all. The worst of it is that people have been talking on this subject very long while, and when there is a colloquial smoke of this description there is generally a little fire as well. There is also every reason for a little gossip on this subject generally, for really frauds by banks officials and other quasi-respectable people have become unpleasantly frequent of late. People who place money in the custody of banks have, at least, a right to know that it is properly taken care of, and that, at any rate, the shepherds themselves are not ready and willing to play the part of wolves on the slightest provocation or temptation. It is good and wise to use proper precautions, and to feel confidence in trusted officers, but it is not pleasant to be constantly seated on a barrel of gunpowder and have the match applied to it by the very men you trust. I do not personally know the men of Hahnsdorf, South Australia, either collectively or individually. I cannot even say that I ever heard of the locality before. But I have a sincere respect for them. I am actuated by the same desire to know them that actuated Mark Twain when he expressed his wish to find out the names of the so-called " ruffians" who had mutilated Abelard as a welldeserved punishment for his cowardly treatment of Heloise. He wanted to recount their praises. I should like to do the same. There is a paper in Adelaide called the Bulletin, which is devoted to what is called " society news," and which, under that head, proceeds to lampoon pretty freely all round. Its correspondents write anonymously, and, in consequence, they have atolerably wide and unfettered field. One of these persons recently took upon himself to comment in coarse, if not indecent language, on the doings of certain private persons in Hahnsdorf. They naturally took umbrage at it, and after taking pains to sheet the offence home, they seized the offender, tied him to a pump, and publicly flogged him. The legal probability is that these injured persons have laid themselves open to an aotion for assault and battery, or some other offence against the laws of the land. But it is to be hoped either that they have not, or that they will get off. For the offender most certainly deserved what he got, and ditto repeated. There is, perhaps, no harm in the silly balderdash of personal peculiarities in these society papers, which seem to amuse weak-minded boys and weaker-minded girls. I have even heard that some of the latter rather like being " hinted at" in the Bulletin, and if Fred doesn't object to Harry's calling attention to the fact that he wears a white hat, or does the lardy-da, so long as he can retaliate in kind, the public oertainly doesn't care about it. Bat when an anonymous slanderer, too cowardly to say or write openly wbat he wishes, seeks to injure the private feelings and reputation of respectable and sensitive people, it becomes high time to take him in hand, and attempt to cure him by legal means if possible, if not by some other. Of fate this practice of stabbing in the dark has become a little prevalent in Melbourne. It is to be hoped that the treatment of the Hahnsdorf slanderer will prove a warning, and that there will be no necessity to repeat the lesson here. No sensible person approves of horsewhips and bludgeons, but there are times when both are necessary and almoBt indispensable. As a rule, however, while about the thing I would have it done thoroughly. Count Considine censured Charles O'Malley for throwing a wineglass at his insulter's head, and suggested the use of a cat- glass decanter as likely, if aimed low, to "do more execution." In such cases as that of this cowardly scribbler I would recommend flogging first, and then a slight rubbing in of brine to keep up the smart. It is said that the claimants for shares in the Kelly rewards are to be re- heard by the Board now inquiring into the claim of Mrs. Jones, of Glenrowan, but I can scarcely credit it. It is difficult to imagine that the Government would pass by the opinions of the Board which has already sat, of which Sir Charles MacMahon and Mr. Murray Smith were both members, and seek those of Mr. Longmore, whose feelings towards police officers generally are known to be the reverse of kindly. The Ballarat Courier is sorely troubled about the Irish National Land League. It cannot and will not understand the struggle that is now going on in Ireland. In railing at the people of Ballarat it seems to forget the traditions of the past, and that the residents of that city are now actuated by the same spirit which they evinced in the early days of its history, when the diggers made a determined stand against oppression, and some of them sacrificed their lives in resisting tyranny similar to that which is now practised in Ireland. The Courier knows this too well, but will not acknowledge it, as it pays best to pander to the wishes of the bigoted portion of the community. Notwithstanding the ravings of the anti- Irish press of the colony, the funds now being collected in Victoria for the Irish National Land League are largely increasing every day, and the movement has been a marked success. |The Courier and journals of that ilk have done the cause good by their attacks. In Ballarat nearly £400 have been collected, which is very creditable. Already £2550 have been forwarded to the proper quarter, and before the fund closes it is anticipated that nearly a similar amount will be realised. If the other colonies are working with the same energy, Australians will have no cause to feel ashamed of the amount of their contributions to the movement. I think it is a pity that there is no central , organisation rin some of the other colonies to, take charge of the funds and send them through the one channel. Contributions sent from different quarters to different persons, although applied to the one purpose, will not tell with as much effect as they would if sent in a lump sum. I therefore think it would be bettor for committees in other colptiies, where there is no central organisation, to forward their collections through the Victorian committee, and let the amount go home as the subscriptions from Australia. TAPLEY. HUTCHINSON'S Australian ATmaaac,1882,. has come to hand.andweobBervethflt it contains a great variety of useful' information. It is a. bulky publicatio^.ahd every page of it is turned to good ae&mnt; .' 