MELBOURNE NOTES. (From crar own Correspondent,) The scandal loving portion of our community have recently had two very interesting cases to gloat oyer-a breach of promise of marriage and a* disputed will, involving a large aura of money. My lady friends persist on appealing to me for my opinion, but asl'bappen to bold views not altogether in accord ance with the mpijonty, I inj|jriat?ly declare that as I am not ieizea ot ail the particulars concerning one case, and the other being subjudioe, judgment, ao far aa 1 am concerned, must be reserved.. The Lamonr trill case is Jar2too good 'a thing for the lawyers to let slip through their fingers in a hurry, and as the testator appears to have left hia moorey to strangers, because he had ao little love for his relatiuns, one can hardly blame the guntlemun of the long robe for thinking that one stranger is as good as another. With regard to the breach of promise, one may hazard an opipion, Binge the jarj have given tbeira and have backed it op with the respectable »um of JB200. 1 refer to the esse of Brooks ?. Smith, where a lad; bad to sue in her maiden name after being twice married. Aa particulars of tbia celebrated caae have id all probability appeared in this journal, 1 shall not repeat them here, what makes tbia case auch a general subject of conversation is the fact that one can never be quite sore whether one ii married or aingle. Mr. Contta, no doubt, firmly believed himaelf to bo. ft benedict, till Mrs. Coufrt# diicojered that be waa a bachelor poaaeaaedof £000 of her money, and proceeded to quarrel with him far it. 1 can't aaj' that 1 have much respect for a lady who, according to befr own t,showing,' divided bar affections so evenly between ber husband tic facto, if not dajur*,tLud her lodger, and who was bo willing to link her lot with either, provided; be would only submit to the necessary legal ceremony. Public sympathy is undoubtedly with Mrs. or Miss'Brooks, and since she has that and £200 bter ling, perhaps the lady will ,rf at-«{>£* tented Mtfcmvw sot<s. Kenlly'some* tbing ought to be dona to assimilate the marriago law throughout lier Most, Gracious Majesty's dominions. It does seem strange that the subjects of one of the most virtuous of-tnonarchs should be trapped into a breach of the moral code, or be liable to be robbed of bard earned savings and turned adrift to starve or |o goto a benevolent asvlum in old ace. *A friend from Geelong baa been giv ing me a glowing account of the in? creaaed commercial prrtfperifcy'-of the Pivot. 1 fancied Gcelwig rouat be look ing up when 1 beard that a dduble line of raila was required from the railway atation to tbe wharf. Mr. John Woods was not so far wrong after oil wben he declared that the Colac line would pay wben carried on to the border of 8outb, Australia. During tbe last season, in addition to 45,883 bales of wool, no less tban 810,178 buabels of wheat were shipped from tho port of Geelong, and no leas tban Oi vessels cleared, out re presenting a total trfnage of88j6S2'tons. Being a resident of Melbourne 1, of oourie, think there i# no "place like Mel. bourne, but for al} that I am (ne$ so blinded by phsjndioe as not to BOO that, the interests of the colony dltnandg that the metropolis aball not, be allowed to monopolize all tho trade. 1 differ from those who think that a city, tbwn, or township should be subsidized with pnblio money, that it ma; continuo to exist, simply, because it do«» exist; but 1 do think that trade should be allowed to fihi* irifta legitimate'dbanriel*-anl' not be divert^, ^otfc* capjfclj To my mind the farmer has an un doubted right td demand that ho shall have a good rpad on w^h to send his produce tbe.nefrett pQrtvjbeit wbere it may, and as the iron road is the cheapest,' the/quickest,'.and the best, that is tbe?rohd he should hare when he askq fpj\ % A vjeld of 9,863,956 buahds^oT wheat, ^the prod ifce of'tbe colony thjs season, is the outcome of a vast amohnt of privation, patienten durance, energy, and enterprise, and those wlip .have practised all these virtues, much to the benefit of the State, and very littlato their, own, ire certainly entitled to at least as much consideration aa well-paid artizans, denizens of our big citiea. A. week ago we bad almost made up our miuda that the country woa to bavapaica. Political lions, wolves, and jackala bad agreed to compromise, so we were told. According to recent reports tbe moat rapacious of these animala are not contented witb tbe good feeds they have bad, but are de termined to have more. To apeak plainly the extreme Ridicala in tbe Lower House are ao desperately afraid that when a reform bill is passed their occupation will be gone, that tbey are likely to induce our vacillating Premier to tarn bis back on the olivo branch sow being bald out by the Council, and instead of the Council boiog re formed, there will be another deadlock. Tar ba it from me to have the honour of .being a prophet, vliep I ctn s^ only mischief loomipg in the distance, The Appropriation Bill is not' passed; the civil servants are unpaid; and their butchers and bakere are clamorous and anxious. Nearly everybody expects to see the Laud Tax Bill kicked out by the Council or amended in such a way sa practically to mean the same thing. I believe Mr. Berry intends to take bis stand on the all round ten pound fran chise, and if the Council agree to that be will be hoisted with his own petard; if not, "To your tenta, 0 Israel.11 So yon, my good sir, ever read the lady's column in any of those journals which are so considerate as to de vote a column to mutiera pertaining to the fair aei ? If pu do not you should do so. You will be both en* lightened and entertained. Take tbji for instanceThe fate of parasols is almost decided; they are to be large in size and match the costume in colour." Who, I wonder, decides the fate of parasols ? Old Sol, one would sup pose, since be settles the question whether one is to have a sunstroke or require an ulster. Only to think that tbo wife of your bosom (that wife of whom you are ao proud) might bave had the tip of her nose scorchcd till it resembled a drinker's, if the decree of fate bad been for email sized parasols. Mario Goubaud evi dently knows next to nothing of buman nature. With her a woman j is only a lay figure, on which to bang so many yards of costly material, cut and trimmed till it becomes an abomi nation of ugliness, inconveoienco, and expensivenea* j and only useful for pro* moting celibacy, through making (in the mind of a bachelor of limited means) a charming woman into a scare crow. Of Frenchwomen Marie ma? know something, but ono thing is cer tain, she has never seen an Irishwoman. I mean an Irish lady, not Biddy the cook or Mary the housemaid ; and yet both of these could soon enlighten her. Here is a specimen of innocence;-"One of the latest eccentricities of fashion is the adoption by ladies of an officer's gorget. We do not attempt to explain this somewhat extraordinary taato for military distinction, but it is plainly discernible among our elegantes.1' What ? Can't account for a woman's taste for military distinction P Fie, Marie! You are a hypocrite. One more little bit of unsophisticated in nocence, and 1 have done with Marie. " It would be better, wo think, if we must adopt this article of attire, at leaat to change its name so aa to avoid unnecessary confusion, and aivo it a more lady-like nomenclature." Tbis suggestion is past a goak. Why, the thing is pretty in the eyes of beauties, only because it is " manlike," and would not be tolerated for an hour under any other name, In t)ie miscellaneous column of the Australasian of this week the disappear ance of ghosts from Scottish moors is satisfactorily accounted for by an old Scotchman. He says " it requires Scotch whisky on the top of old alo to enable a man to see a ghost really worth talking about." Although we ; have not got any moors in tbis colony we have some lonely padcocks which I ought to answer the same purpose. A | friend of mine a few nights ago plied me with enough whisky to enable a man to see fifty ghosts, and that too on the top of some good ale. I rode over some paddocks studded with ringed and leafless gum trees, which looked ghostly and weird-like enough in the moonlight. But I never saw the ghost of a ghost. Ab, 1 can tell you the reason. The whisky was good, not raw spirit, but genuine ''jOpstlq |31epd.'' You can bet your boU&n; dollar that neither a ghost nor a headache could bo mode out of a gallon of that whisky. Writing of Castfo Blend puts mo in mind that this was the only Scotch whiskey which obtained the highest award at the Mul* bourne International Exhibition. Such good liquor doservofe a word, even from a gossiping correspondent. 