ffefelfef. PARTNERS : A TRUE STORY. BY A COUNTEY ATTOKNEY. CHAPTER XVTII. Ws must do Hooky the jnstioo of saying that his inoaroeration of tho banker was not the result of a deliberate plan. It was done ' on the impulse of tho moment, and must bo considered as an evidenco of something liko Napoleonic genius on tho part of tho lawyer. It came on him like an inspiration while Puffy was pleading for a restitution of tho piunaer. .nooKy was porreoBiy awaro iuut, once started on a career of orimo, retrogres sion was impossible). Tho disappearance of PufEy, moreover, would bonefit him in several ways. Ho was tho only witness of Ms first forgery, and the only aooomplioo in his second. Both soorots would be buriod ?with him. The faot of Puffy being non eit thelvery day after tho accomplishment of a swindle which nearly emptied tho coffers of tho Slocum branch would load suspicion on his traok. Tho huo and cry after Puffy would allow tho lawyor time to got to tho coast, in disguiso, and ship for Sun Francisco or Honolulu, or Bomo othor equally safo asylum. Tho feelings of Puffy when ho found himself lockod in tho strong , room may bo moro oaaily imaginod than doscribed.' At first ho could not rcaliso tho situation. Ho thought tho door had closed by accidont, and, aftor loarohing in rain for tho money, which tho lawyor had told him was in tho left hund far corner, he callod out to Hooky to opon tho door. To this thorp was no answor. Tho sound of his own voico ovon seemed mulllod and sepulchral. Tho horror of his situation all at once flashed upon tho unhappy man. His blood coased to flow, and it seemed as if Giant Despair had clutched his heart Then, all at once, tho very oiccbj of his foar lont him super human strength, . and he sprang to tho door, in spito of tho darkness, which , was absolute and appalling j and, aoiz ing the handle tried to shake it in his frenzy, but he might as woll have attempted to shako the Pillars of Heroulos. He im plored Hooky to open the door, conjured him by all that was most saored in heaven or earth to let him out. 'You can do what you like with the : money,' he exolaimed ; 'take it all, every ? penny of it — only let me out. I'll take all tho. blame upon myself. Not a soul shall know you had anything to do with it. Oh I for God's sake ! don't leave me to die in this ! living tomb.' No response from tho out aide. The walli were thiok and imponetrablo ? to sound.' The lawyer oould barely hear the voice of his prisoner ; and a smile of satis faction lightod up his face as ho thought how little ohance there was of anybody outside hearing his ones for help. Tho unfortunate' banker was now getting desperate He yelled and howled at the top of his voioe cajoling, beseeching, threatening, praying, cursing, and blaspheming in tho same breath. In the meantime the lawyor was going on with his preparations for departure. Ho wrote a note to one of his acquaintances in the town, and mentioned casually that he was going on a walking tour aotoss country as far as the Killbogie railway station; and that 'he mightpoaaibly go on, by train, ? as ' far as Wagga, to pay his re epeots, ho addod jooularly, at the shrine of tho claimant Sir Kogor Tiohborno. Ho did not expeot to bo baok for a wook or tea days, but business was not particularly brisk at present, and besides ho wanted a holiday. ? . Hit noxt procedure was to put on a grey . wig, an old pair of trousors, a verydisreput able pair of boats, an old wide-awake hat ; and, slinging an orthodox swag over his shoulder, ho sallied out of the baok door, the beau ideal of an old swagman, on tho . Vallsby track, with his tin billy and every thing oomplete. About 9 o'olook that night an old awag ; man might have been seen dropping' a letter into the Slocum Post Office, a oiroumstance not very remarkable in itself; but it was ' certainly a Tory remarkablo oiroumstance : 'that the old swagman, instead of making for ' tho nearest publlo-house bar, and beginning :?[ to knook down his cheque, if he had ono, or ' loafing uponsomebody for drinks if ho had no money of his own, sneaked out of the town,, as if he wero a' criminal instead of being ? an honest loafer seeking for work, and pray \- ing that ho wouldn't get it. ' . Fortunately for Mr. Silas Hooky, the eagle .??'?'? «ye of Sergeant Nailem did not rest upon I suoh an erratio speoimon of the genus tramp, ! arJie would have arrested him upon auspioion of being: too good to be wholesome. The night wagoold and th9:Bky;was over cast with hurrying clouds which shot past, now obscuring and now allowing to bo Been, 1 the orescent moon wbioh rode high in the ? Utnwt&Wffwhttyintito; wimeotlw, we may, without any irrovoronoo, call a ' lunar ' at tho orimoa and miaories, tho sins and sorrows, tho woaknoss aud moannoss of humanity. Ab Silas Hooky skulked past tho Gommor oial Hotel ho looked uskauco at tho moon and, inntoad of bloBsing hor for her roflootod light, ho oursod hor for an intrusivo jado whoso rays wore shodding too muoh lustre on his path. But bo passod tho Coinmorcial in Bafoty; tho', whon ho looked into tho well-lighted bar parlour, aud saw tho oosy fire, and hoard tho light laughtor of somo happy man, who, apparently, aa yot, was tainted with no doopor orimo than drinking, ho almost wished that ho could oblitorato from tho calendar tho last two days— and ho ielt tho woight of tho gold ho ourricd aa a ourso. Soon ho loft tho last, straggling houso behind him, and, in ton minutes moro, a turn of tho road hid from viow tho last, faint, twinkling light of Slooum. Mr. Silas Hooky was not muoh givon to moralising ; but, as ho trudgod along, uudor oovor of the darkness, it aoomod to him that tho foroo of oiroumstancoB had hurried him into tho porpotration of orimos which hu lmd nover contemplated. If it had boon sug gostod to him twenty-four hours boforo that tho murdor of Puffy was nooessary to tho buocobs of liis sohomo, ho would havo rojootod tho murdor and tho forgery at tho Haino time. But tho first false stop being taken tho second was a necessity of fato. At least so ho argued. It was not so much hiH fault as his misfortnne that ho had been compelled to oloso Puffy in a living tomb. Thon his imagination began to run riot on tho possibilities of pursuit. Everything whioh Boomed so safo whon ho loft Slooum now appoarod surrounded with uncertainty. Already ho pioturod to himself tbo diSaovory of Puffy, and ho started at tho melancholy cry of Bomo night bird as if tho hand of justico had touohed him on tbo flhouldor. Ho pressod on for about six miles along tho main road without mooting with any thing to induco him to change his course, until his bouho of hearing, quiokoncd by apprehension, apprised him of tho vicinity of an onoiny. Anything, howover innooont, was, in Mb preaont Btato of mind, to bo shuunod ; and tho noise which procooded from tho awkward motions of a hobbled horso grazing on the road indicatod to him tho profonco of something to bo avoided. A few moro steps and his oyo caught thogloam of a camp firo. A tilted waggon by tho sido of tho road ; two men seated on boxes, oaoh with a pannikin o f tea in hiu hand ; a dolectablo savourof grilled steak — and Hooky began to fool .that ho was hungry, and oold, and wot, and miserable. Ho longed to go up to that oheerful firo, and ho would havo given a handful of tho gold for whioh ho had risked bo muoh to bo ublo to go boldly into the light of the camp ; but ho was doubtful of his disguiso, and the roaollootion of tho imprisoned Puffy drovo him awuy. Ho climbed over iho fonce, and, Bhunniug tbo main road, struok across tho paddock, with no vory definite idea of where ho was going. His main idoa was to got as far away from Slooum as possible. Ho had not gone far in this now direction whon ho heard a noise behind him liko tho thunder of a chargo of cavalry. Being unablo to soo anything ho pictured to himself freah horrors ; but when, aa tho sound became louder, and he felt the earth tremble beneath him, ho also, at the same time, began to see emerging from the surrounding gloom a dark mass which bore down upon him, ho rooog nised that he was an object of attraction to a mob of wild cattlo. Huge, Bhaggy forms were darting back wards and forwards, horo and thoro, now appearing and now disappearing in tho un cortain light. Ho could almost foel their hot breath upon his faoe, and the excited breathing of tho Btartled animals was dis tinctly audible. Hooky was not by any means a timid man ; but he was totally unaccustomed to outtlo, and suoh attentions from a mob of infuriated animals was anything but reaSBur ing. He dovoutly wished that ho had stuok to the main road, in spite of the possibility of pursuit ; and it is ovon doubtful if, at that moment, ho would not have gladly exohanged positions withPufiy. The tosaing horna and' fiery eyos and shaggy fronts came nearer and nearer. Eight in front of him he could see ono huge, wild-eyed follow, who pawod tho ground and shot out his huge, red tongne and boUowed like a veritablo Bull of Baalian, while as far as ho could seo over their baoks in tho dim moonlight, and extending to the right and left, was an angry sea of tossing horns. Hooky faced tho living wall, and walked baok wards step by step, andwhilo ho retreated the cattle camo steadily on — but ever gain ing, littlo by little. At length it occurred to Hooky to do what ho should have done before. He gave a torrific yell, and, swing ing his swag in one hand and the tin billy in tho othor, he oharged right at the middle of tho line. It broke in an instant, and, dividing to his right and loft, two flying masses disappeared in the surrounding gloom. Hooky now walked on briskly, but ho had not proceeded more thnu a hundred yards when he heard tho thunder of hoofs * again, and in an instant he was a second timo surrounded by the same mob, who wero either moro ourious or less timid than before By this time, however, Hooky had got used to them, and, in faot, rather liked their society us being better thancommuning with his own thoughts. Ho, therefore, walked on sldwly, conversing familiarly with his' body guard, whioh accompanied him right aoross tho paddook, oooaaionally disappearing with a rush when startled, to re-uppear again more ourious than ever. £t length, getting tired of tho accompaniment, Hookey made another rush at the foe, who disappeared almost OB precipitately as did Hookey himsolf, for tho lawyer, nut taking notioo of whore ho was going, plunged head first into a drain, and after some frontio struggles in the liquid mud, crawled out at tho other side, more eifeotnally disguised than if he had donned the ontire wardrobe at the disposal of the Corps JDramatiqua, or tho Chamber of Horrors in tho Waxworks. CHAPTER XIX. Although Tom Parchment did not fool ?particularly anxious to leavo Slocura for a wook or so; yot his intended trip to Mol bourno, at tho roquest of Mrs. Hardgrovo, . was not so distasteful as it might havo been. Whether this suddon satisfaction waa to bo accounted for by the fact that Mrs. Hard grovo and Polly Walkor had signified their intention of accompanying him, has novcr been rovoalod. Writers of fiction aro too much in tho habit of assuming to thomsolves tho powor of reading the most secret thoughts and inton tions of tho oharactors thoy depict ; but whoro a plain narration of facts is requisite, all such assumptions aro manifestly out of place. ? All that tho writor of -this history can vouch for is, that tho two ladies mentioned, woro going to aocompany Tom Parohinont- — and that he did not look unhappy. I It may bo as well to stato that I Tom, aftor ho loft Slooum on tho occa sion first mentioned, had.; sought, and ob .tained, tho position of confidential clork to ft vory respectable firm of solicitors, who know his valuo, aa'he had learnt most of bis law in thoir office. His ealary was £500 a year with, a-prpppJcrtTe partnership, Aa Tom had to bo at tho ofllco within a wook, it Biiitod him just as woll to go down now. His first duty was to sccuro a box-scat for tho ladies, which ho did by tho judiciouB ox poudituro of half a Bovoroign. Among tho pasBongora waa a tall, black wniskcrod, forocious looking individual who aworo at tho grooms, cursed tho(iior8os, and nnallioinatizod all uud sundry. Ho scatod himself next to Tom, and bogan a lively con versation, chielly about himself and his own adventures. To hoar him, ono would havo supposed that his principal occupation waa murdor ; and that ho rovcltod in blood for tho moro aako of divor flion. In a bolt round hid waist ho carried four revolvers and an indofinito number of bowio knivos. Ho had shot tigers in India, liouB in Africa, and had, siuglo-handod, oap turod piratical junka in tho Ohinose seas. It was his common custom to drill a givon nuinbor of holoa through a givon numbor of men por wook whilo lio was Booking for re laxation in Sau Francisoo ; and all ho thirsted for, now, wub to havo a brush with tho bushrangers of Australia. Tliia harauguo, plentifully interlarded with strango oaths of ioarful and wondoriul construction, had an obvious offoot upon his follow-passongors. Ho produced a Btill greator»offoot whon ho pullod from bis broast-pookot a hugo flask of rum and, after helping himsolf, paasod it on, beginning with tho Indira. As none, of tho passengers availed thomsolveB bf his offer ho took it as a personal insult and bogan to bo abuaivo. Among tho passengora was a slight, quiet man, who apparently had weak eyoB, for ho woro greon epeotaoleB. To this gentleman tho firo-oating stranger especially addressed himself, possibly because ho was tho smallest man of tho party. The little man had, up to this point, been a liatenor. Our bollicoso hero now turned on him fiorooly, and, twirling his moustaoho with ouo hand, whilo ho handled a rovolvor with tho otbor, ho asked tho unoffonding traveller ' what ho moant by snoering that way?' To this tho other replied : 'Far bo it from mo to sneer at such undoubtedly aoourato accounts as you havo givou us of your wonderful adventures. On tho contrary, I congratulate myself, and our entire company, on having suoli a protootor. Your famo is not unknown to mo, for, if I do not mistake, I am addressing tho renowned Captain Blometite.' ' That is, indeod, my name,' said tho swash-buckler, graoiously, handing his snuff box to his follow-traveller ; 'but I was unawiiro that my famo, Buch aa it is, hud spread to this romoto quartor of tho globe.' ' Suoh virtuos us yours are not easily hid,' continued tho littlo man. 'The trump of famo whioh has handed down to our day the wrivth of Achillos, tho labours of Heroulea, tho feats of King Arthur, and his Knights of tbo Round Tablo ; tho adventures of Amadis do Gaul, and of tho renowned Don Quixote, do la Manoha ; tho viotorioa of Puntagruel, tho son of Gargantua, tho son of Grangouaior, over tho Dip aodos, will not fail to enlighten futuro genorat;ons upon tho merits of the most renowned Captain Blome tite.' 'Sir,' returned tho captain, 'I am proud to meet- a gentleman of your good sense, and I rogrot that undor a misappre hension on my part, I apoko to you juat now m torms you so little merited.' 'That iB a mutter of no consoquonco,' replied tho other; 'your presence mukes amends for any littlo roughness- of speech, whioh so well becomoB your person, and only adds additional lustre to your character. It ia probable that, before very long, wo Bhall want your assistance. Although we aro not very near to tho haunts of tho notorious bushrangers, who 'have so long kept the country in confusion, they often make raids in this direotioh, and it is rumoured that they aro in the neighbourhood.' 'You don't say, so,' cried tho captain, and his f ape lengthened considerably ut tho information. ' I thought thin part of tho oountry was perfeotly safo.' ' So it was until quite recently ; but I suspect that tho bushrangers have heard that the famoua Captain Bloinetito is travel ling through, and they have determined to oapture him.' The captain here applied the rum flask to his lips again; and if his hand shook, it must have been from tho motion of tho coach, whioh was just then on a rough pieco of road. ' You are of courso awaro, oaptain,' oon tinuod the man in green spcotaoles, ' that the bushrangers of Australia are a ohivalria race ; they havo at least adopted the armour, if they have failed to oopy tho graces of tbo knights of tho middle ages : and if you meet with anyone clad in complete stool, with an iron helmet on his head, you can draw out your revolvers aud shoot at onco.' ' But d — do you think thero ia any chancd of mooting thoso bloodthirsty villainB,' inquired the oaptain anxiously. ' I am rather afraid of it,' was the reply ; 'in faot, within a mile of where we change horsos, one of tho gang was Been tho othor day, so that I should advise you to look to your arms.' Tho information thoy had just received caused no littlo consternation among tho passongors ; and 'Xom Parchment was about to suggest that the ludioa should go insido, whilo tho revolvers, of which tho captain had four, should bo distributed among tho mon, whon tho horo of tho green spectacles Blippcd a noto into his hand, which mtulo him change Ilia intentions. Tho captain, liowovor, handed ovor the four rovolvors to tho littlo man, who, aftor. carefully examining all tho chambers, dis-. tributed thorn; giving ono to Tom, ono to tho captain, ono to anotlior passorigor, and rotaining tho othor himself. * CHAPTER XX. Tin: driver, who had been an attentive observer of the little episode just related, showed oonBiderablo indications of perplexity in his face ; however, ho said nothing, but drovo on, and in about half-an-hour pulled .up at a decent looking roadside publio- nouBO, whioh was dignified by the name of the Travellers' Best Hotel. ' Tho coach ohanged horses here, and re mained about a quarter of an hour for refreshments. Tho iiro- eating captain was himsolf again. He had oaten aud he had drunken ; aud bnco more .the old Adam was in tho ascendant. The potent whisky of tho 'Travellers' Boat, dispensed by a pretty bariniiid. had roused his warlike spirit to tho sticking or the shooting point. Perhaps he had received some private information from tho barmaid, who was evidently struok with his perfections. Sho may have assured him that bush rangers wero unknown about the distriot, and that the only f danger he was likely to oxperienoe was* from the arrows of tho wioked littlo blind god, Cupid. At all events, Captain Blomctito was roar ing liko ono of tho lions ho waa so i'ond of killing whon ho sojourned in Africa. ' Who cares for your paltry cow-catching bushrangors ? Lot them show thomsolveB now whilo thoro is sufliciont daylight to draw a bead upon thoir eowardly curcasscs. What a miserable lot of road soraping, leo-souppor-browBing, deokowab bing sons of — ' ''Bail up !' said a doop voico on tho larboard aido of tho gallant captain. ' Hold up yow hands 1' puiit smother voico to hia right, Tho captain lookod from ono to tho other. On cither Bido of him was a strango liguro covorcd with a horso cloth, and having on its head a sort of helmet made out of an old nail can. All tho passongors had takon thoir places with tho exception of tho ladies, and Tom Parchmont and tho littlo man in grcon spoctacles. The valorous captain coased his roaring instantly. Ho no longor tliirsted for tho blood of buBhrangcrB. Ho rather longed for a quiet holo whoro ho could hido himself. Tho rovolvor whioh bo had boon flourishing foil from his hand and ho lookod as liko a woshod-out dish-clout as it is poaiiblo for a human being to look. Tho buahrangor on hiB right beckoned him down from tho top of tho coanh, ns Hamlot's fathor's ghost beckoned Hamlot's father's . son from tho ramparts of Elsinoro ; and the captain followed him, whilo tho glittoring oyo of tho knight of tho nail can apparently had tho Bamo effect upon 1u'b victim that tho oyo of tho ancient nmrinor had upon tho wedding guest. In tho rear of tho establishment was a room that served as a sort of dead-houso, whoro drunkon bushmon wero bestowed to sloop off tho effects of thoir dobauch on bad liquor — when all their monoy was spont. Into this delectablo abodo Captain Blomo tito waa thrust, and tho koy turned upon him. Upon tho return of tho first bushranger, he took off his helmot and rovoalod tho forooious countonanoo of — tho man in greeu spootaolos. His mate was no othor than Tom l'arohmout'i and thoy wero proceeding to explain that, as Captain Blomotito's room waa better than his company, thoy had adopted this mild atratogem \ to get rid of him — when two ominoui-looking figures wore observed skulking myatorioualy round tho oorner of tho verandah. On their heads was tho orthodox nail oan, without whioh Australian buslirangors novor think of vonturing into tbo light of day. Ono of thorn carried a hugo weapon, which looked liko a fowling pieoo of Goliath of (Jath — if auoh had beon uaed in tho days of that uncironmoiaod Philistine, but whioh was, in reality, an abominablo piooo of ordnance which tho Philistines of sport oalls a duck gun. This frightful doath dealingf contrivance (which beara about the eamo relation to an ordinary gun, that Gargantua's maro's tail boars to tho oaudul appendage of an ordinary horso) takeB for its usual charge about five ounces of ' powder, and two pounds of shot. Now, as a modern breeoh-loader, suoh as aportBmon uso, requires a ohargo of about three drama of powder and an ounoo of shot, it will be seen that wo aro not exag gerating in our comparison, although we are assured by that oaroful historian, .Rabelais, that tho aforesaid maro (whioh ' was aa big as six elophanta'), had a tail ' little more or less than every whit as great as the steeple of Saint Hark.' It is not to be wondered at, thon, that whou Tom Parchment saw this diabolioal oontrivauco, with a bore three inches in diameter, and a barrel ten feet long, pointing at him, and within three feet of hia breast, he should feel'inclined to obey tho commands of thoboaror of this' persuasive, instrumout, whon, in a sepulchral tone, rendered more hideous by the vibration of the tin pot on his head, he commanded him to — 'Bail up!' It is not to be supposed that .Tom Paroh inont had any particular desiro to have two pounds of buck shot lodged in his visceral region; and yot ho oould not altogether reconcile himself to bailing '.up without a struggle. He looked at his antagonist, aud saw his eyos gleaming through a slit in the naU oan with that pecu liar glare that always indioates tho ruthless and sanguinary marauders of tho Australian bush. Ho glanced at his com panion in distress — tho man in tho grcon apcctaclos. Seoing him looking steadfastly at tho corner of tho house, his eyo3 naturally followed tho samo direction, and thero ho ob served tho barrel of anothor gun, with another bushranger behind it, who had as sumed the usual and customary attitude which an Irish Land Loaguor assumes, quite naturally, when his landlord cornea for his rent. But Tom Parchmont waa at a different anglo from his friend, and, in fact, ho oould see a little bit round tho corner. It struck him that tho second gun had a very ancient look; and, glancing along tho barrol, his quick oyo dotectod that it had no cap on, and that it was, in faot, doficient of a nipplo. This discovory mado l'*m think that pos sibly tho gun pointed at him had tho Bamo peculiarity ; but ho found, on looking at it, that it was capped in proper order, and that it was, inoreovor, at full cook. The bushrangors began now to be im pationt, and, with tho most frightful impre cations and curses, commanded Tom to turn out his pockots and hand ovor all his valuables. A third bushranger now made his appear ance, but ho had no gun, and his duty was to do tho stealing part of tho business, while the armed bushrangers held ? tho viotims covered with thair weapons. Tom, expostulating with tho man in front of him, asked him to bo good onough to turn aside tho muzzlo of his gun. ' My friend,' ho said, ' I am suro you do not want to oommit an unnecessary murdor. All you-want iB the money, whioh, of oourao, you shall havo. If your fingers wore to Blip it would blow a holo through mo as big as a barn door. Looking at it from the point of viow of tho wolfare of your honourable pro fession, unnooossary bloodshed ia always a mistake.' Bushrangors are not, as a rulo, very muoh given to conversation, although, in romances, they ooooaionally indulge in Bpeoohes as long, as those with whioh tho heroeB of Homer's1 Illiad ore orodited ; but it is always beBt to stick to simple, plain faots, and what tho bushranger replied to Tom was simply : ' Stow your gaff, and shell out.' But Tom Parchmont had gained his end, for tho huge gun was of suoh a monstrous weight that tho villain holding it was obliged to drop the muzzlo for a moment whilo ho took a reBt. This was Tom Parchmont's opportunity; aud, making a jump from tho box-seat, ho landed with both feet fair upon tho shouldora of his enemy. The shook flout tho bushranger sprawling, aud tho duck gun wont off with suoh u torrifio roar that the horses took fright, and turning suddenly round snapped one of tho Bwingle treos; and overturning the coach, sent those of tho passengers who had already taken' thoir coats rolling into tho middle of the road. (To be continued.) OAnLYLE AMD HlS DlBSBPBU.— Is bis 11 KuminieoonoeB,' Oarlylo lellB how he onoo .rode eixty miles to Kdiuburgh, ' to oonnult a uoot or, having at last reduced my oom pleiitieB to a bingle question. Ia this disease onrable by medicine? or is it ohronio, in curable exoept by regimen, if oven bo? This question I earnestly pnt ; got response : ?It ie all tobioco, air; give up tobacoo.' Gave it instantly and etriotly np. Found, after long months, th»t I might as well have ridden sixty miles in the opposite dlieotiou, and ponied my Borrows into the long, hairy ear oi tbo flirt jaekMB I came upon, as into tbil leleot medigtl O)»u'i whg«e Dime J will 