' CPORTIMG MOTES. H FhBHINGTON TKAINING. . I ' nv SKIUMISIIKR. ; ilffj 2d interest was dono on account (lie 8ul"n r|SrHt to commonco pro- i "wi,v sondinj? Allanuor ana Alarm 'LreiHo, both Booming vory fresh. H1 f!0?,! rantorod. Wellington picking r- ® ,i the Czar vory fro.sli, wont tliroo ' 're'tho wind, both moving freely mid »toiioi' Tnimpotor aud llyaomtli Ht'i",iLii mi tlio ton, tho last of tiireo H'TbeiW dono lit extended pnec. Hftr s t Mercury throo miles on tlio tan H ! 1 to three-quarter iiaeo, moving frooly lljlI inntorod and rim' n strong milo, jlladrmu e" lf|,r jnj0„ty ovor '&io; Inst nmf both finishing togotber woll iiw sent Cnnnry, Bnudnlbion, and' HT S l'riu at Imlf pneo ovor two miles. , 'IT 01 " .,1 P.O. enntorod.' ' \ rnwko'sont Chatterer in a hood coin- 5 Lu dow end improvod tho pneo ovor four Bri ten, finishing tho Inst frooly. Bf': „„|lt ho moved ooro with tho HT j!$v log at starting. Cora cantorod. tScnntcmland ran a strong mile on fl," X'nntihw went sound work, finishing My Lord wont emiy work. Larpont, S very well, wont medium work.- Do- B\\-,>mkiTseu"lili1|i!Ia an oasy cantor. moving freely wont two rounds on Kn »i half linco. Sunbeam cantorod. 5 fcnroiio Tho Ghost throo roundB on tho B| il B list at a good lialf paco. Ho movod 1H .mm lit starting. I understand ho is sold '" tnlWeiiHlnnd. Outlaw and Albyn wont 'two miles, the latter vory woll and iH 'f restwick sent Advonturor, Somirido and Hsrau'hweila cantorod. Hoiroglyph "vrst'lmnn'9 Komloror and Whitethorn" ran sstai' half mile. tho ,b'W .1,mv!»s '>10 li Warlock cantered a mile, improvod tlio ruler a second olio, and wound up strong Width Wizard ovor a third lmfo both koiscs mevhiB fmoly. _ Coronaud Whispor m jeiictt sent Hoswortu a gontlo cantor ui com m vitl, Postmaster, and ho wont ovor a Wand a half with a strong finish over six H '"pavis' scut iTosopiiino a gontlo cantor, corioliaroisand Resi'ito wont strong work. gwr|cin3U nnd Golden Butterfly cantorod and ran homo a sharp thrcolurlongH, tho colt im- lltuportswood, nnd Stiniro H Timbcrifjj-5. medium work. Salvage and tho BHamfct M)' cantorod and, finished ov.or . a Lord Clifdon at Imlf to throo' quarters pace. nnd looks bottor than ho did on HliisflrHral, Wnvkawk cantorod. Sir Olivor, , Bjn compaiiy with Advent, cantorod and finished Hfiipshflrp over two furlongs. |Hg Prince and Goodman woro about tho last to MBarrivo on tlio groundQ with tho Now Zealand string; Soranus commencing a gnino on his own Haccoont, and getting rid of his ridor, made a Hbfilt off the training ground, but was luckily Bucglii at the comer of Mitchell's and Hbroaght back all right. Hilarious .wont an Hoitendcd gallon of two miles on tho tan, mov Bicg freely. Iualium went ditto ovor "throo birModrod now camo out inahoavy HjdUf nigs, and after going a milo at half- fdee, Soinuup, in a hoou, joined in, and accom- Hianicd him for two moro miles, whon - both Hieftthotan for tho satno track, and wound up Htcaettiy hard work witha strongmilo,tho colt BHiunngmost to Bay all tho way. H Malion's string was on tho ground, looking but Bualunan was tho omy ono that douo work. 