Raising the Wind. Some years ago (says a writer in "Society") three gentlemen—John Pat riok Somer*, then ; ALP, for Sligo; Dillon B owne, a brother member; and a pompons apothecary—were one evening •trolVflg down the H ^ymarket, "mighty dhry imirely" but at a IOM bow to procure the tantalising glass. They had no money, and if a bull bo permitted, less credit, At last a brilliant idea struck Somers: "I iaave it I" "Have what!', said Dillon. " The bottle of sherry we want. " " Where fHere," pointing to his heart. Both stared to see if jtheir friend had gone saddeniy mad. Don' stare, there is an undertaker at the top of the market; only de as I say and let Dillon feel feint when I ti*» the wink, aud the ' merry ' is ours." Knowing Sc»me:s to be a man of resource, the duo followed their leader, and the trio entered the house for black business, where . the uh dertaker received (hem with the greasy smile insep rable from the ghost like, craft. Can I see the proprietor I am he, «ir ! Will you step into my private room gentlemen 1 Pny be 6ea ed—what i9 the sad occasion ?" " Sad indeeJ," saM Joiners; ''my poor frien<l, Mr J)ill n Browne, has just lost his young wife, and with his immense estates—" At this a look at Browne—who became hytte^iaal. Oh, " viy pttj* Mere weeps, « have you any stimulant!" •to tho undertaker in a Half whisper, " he ;™3«.:J«kis sherry.-*'- "Oh, ce^ibly; sir, 'and™* few minates procucsd, broached and finished. " Now - to the sad business," said Somers'; "tt'e poor lady and child must be buried in the' family vault i. Ireland, and my po6ri.. friend must be . saved all trouble^™* ' must find everything from first 10 lelt" Calculating,' like smoking, is «dry work ;' so another bottle was produced/-- -^undertaker gave hi. estimate 'at ±35lHron» London to the far west of Ireland, everything to be found. *« Very moderate indeed; I accept it my friend/' quoth Somers, when, with much bowing ••" the profeaser of the black art escorted his v clients out of the establishment. Just however at the moment of crossing the thro* v hold, Somer. felt his sleeve pull^." Excuse mi, sir, but in (he confusion seeing how affected the poor gentleman was T torgot to ask where the-the body ot the lady: island the address." " Wei% yoiinetto find .everything, sir,- inr lM sum named, the ^350 1 « Oh, yes. cer- 5 h tainly, sir !» « Then find the bo'V, and thfl address too !•» and away marohel the trio the better for the two bottles oi sherry, leaving the undertaker in mora L^ftnbts than one << a mute.* 