TOWN TALK. Our fortnightly summary for transmission by the English mail will bo published on Monday. Wo publish elsowhero some important cablegrams which came to hand at a late hour this morning. In reference to our Melbourne correspon- dent's remarks to-day anent the discovery of the vault at the old Melbourne cemetery, in which Batman's remains are believed to repose, Mr Weire informs us that six months ago he pointed out the spot, and that his son dug down to the bricks referred to. Telegrams from London, dated the 27th July, announce the arrival of the barque Magne, with 7821 bags of wheat, and ship Undaunted, with 20,641 bags of wheat. Both vessels were loaded at this port, and cleared for the United Kingdom. The Magne left Port Phillip Heads on the 2nd April, and the Undauntcd on the 17th of the same month. A telegram from Dunkirk also intimates the arrival there of the ship Gains borough, from Geelong, with 10,405 bags of wheat. The Gainsborough left the Heads on the 3rd March. Yesterday afternoon the winter races of the Geelo;ig Racing Club took place in tho presence of a fair number of spectators, tho majority of whom were strangors, from Mel bourne and J5allar.it. Tho results of tho races aro as follow :-Distance Handicap Trot-Black Diamond, 1; You Moltke, 2 ; Conquering Hero, 3. Handicap Hurdle Race-Cumberland, 1 ; 15 ow Zealand, 2 ; Cyclops, 3. Winter Handicap-Napper Tandy, 1 ; ICohinoor, 2 ; Attache, 3. Han dicap Steeplechase-Collingwood, I ; Victor, 2; Ranger, 3. Selling Hurdlo llncc Nimrod, 1 ; Fair Maiden, 2; Minerva, 3. Railway Stakes-Napper Tandy, 1; Tbo Ghost, 2 ; Bruno, 3. At the Police Court yesterday morning, Samuel Jacobs summoned Lionel Ormerod for illegally! detaining a watch; Jacobs stated that he gavo tho watch to bo re paired, and when ho received it again it would not go. Ho took it back, when Ormerod said tho main-spring was broken. Ormerod put anew main-spring in, and wanted him to give him ten shillings. This ho refused to do, as ho had paid him six shillings beforo. Ormerod said that ho re paired tho watch and charged Bix shillings, which ho was paid, and in a day or two Ja cobs bronghtthe watch back, when ho told Jacobs the main-spring was broken. Ho put a new main spring in tho wateli, and refused .to give it to Jacobs unless he paid him ten shillings. Tho Bench decided that the watch should be given up on payment of ten shil lings. Tho complainant said that ho (Orme rod) could keep the wateh, as it . .was only worth ten shillings. A mooting of the To'.vn Council will ho lield on Monday evening, for the purposa of receiving and conferring with a deputation from the Agricultural Socioty, ou tho subject of utilising the sowcrage of tho town. It may be worth mentioning with regard to the despatch of trains to tho racecourse yesterday that the passengers who booked themselves by tho 12.15 train did not arrive at tho course until tho first race-at one o'clock-had started. In many instances this proved rather awkward to those who desired to see the trotting match, for, although it does not meet with tho general approval of tho public, it still possesses a groat deal of attraction to a large number of sportsmen. Tho despatch of trains from the Geelong station depends upon thearraugcmeutB made by the Traffic Manager, and tho matter should bo supervised by the local race com jnittec. Yesterday afternoon a valuable silver watch, a gold albert chain, and gold locket, were stolen from a well-known tradesman who patronised the races. Tho victim of tho theft waB engaged playing at an " under and over" table when his jewellery was adroitly shifted from his pockets. The thief, in taking tho watch and chain from tho wearer, managed to disconnect the golden bar from tho end of the chain which was at tached to the tradesman's waistcoat, and the bar was found adhering to tho waistcoat when tho robbery was discovered. Tho special train from Melbourne yester day, witli visitors to tho Geelong raccs, con sisted of eighteen vehicles, all well filled with passengers. One locomotivo brought tho train -down from Melbourne, but, on arrival at Geelong, the pilot engine was used to assist in taking it through the tunnel, and on to the racecourse. The Court of Insolvency, presided over by his Honor Judgo Hackctt, was held yes terday. There were only a certificate meet ing and a solitary application brought before the notice of tho court. These dealt with) the court adjourned sine die. Sotno of the spectators at tho racecourse who take a littlo delight in promenading on the lawn in front of the grand stand com plained yesterday afternoon of tho length of the grass. This was very long for tho com fort of those who preferred walking about to remaining on the grand stand seats, aud ono or two walks in front of tho grand stand proved quito sufficient to thoroughly wot the feet of promenaders. Tho lawn should cither be mowed just before the race gathering, or the grass allowed to be eaten down by sheep. The.Connty Court, hold in theSupromoConrt building, was commenced yesterday morning before his Houor Judgo Hackott. The cases dealt with yesterday wore tedious and un important. Tho court stands adjourned until 10 a.m. this morning. A largo woollen building in Cavendish street, owned by Mr Georgo Cunningham, aud formerly used by him as a storehouse, collapsed, aud bccamo a complete ruin, yesterday afternoon. Fortunately there wero no persons passing at the time, or thero might liavo been a serious accident, as the front of tho building fell right across the path. Both sides of the building gave way, allowing tho roof to fall flat on the ground. It is a matter of surprise that the structure remained upright BO long, as it was vory old and dilapidated, and was au eyesore to the neighborhood. The buildiug fell with a great crash, the noiso alarming many of the residents of Cavendish-street aud vicinity. Later in the afternoon the debris lying across tho footpath was removed to a vacant piece of ground, and pedestrians were enabled to pass along as usual. This afternoon shot aud shell practice, at a target moored in the hay, will be indulged in by the members of the Geelong Volunteer Artillery. A target will bo moored in the bay, SCO yards from the shore, and the artillery will fire from tho Portarlington road, adistanco of 1000 yards, at tho object. The placc of the firiug has been changcd from the site near tho Yarra-strect wharf to ono close by tho butts at Stingray bay. The artillerymen will only use a 51b car tridge, so that no harm will result from the discharge. The volunteers are expected to appear in their new uniform. SJ At tho Police Court yesterday morning four persons were fined os aud 2s Gd costs for allowing their goats to wander on tho streets. Mr Heron remarked that the goats in the east end of Kyrie-stroet were a per fect uuisauco to the residents there, and ho would draw the attuution of tho Inspector to that fact. There were ouly two drunken men in the lockup last evening, although a third ine briate presented himself at the watchhouso. The volunteer bacchanalian was not far enough gone in intoxication to be placed in safe keeping, and tho police refused to give him free lodgings. Tho applicant was per fectly willing to bo locked up, but ho made a condition that " those objectionable reporters " should not get hold of his natno for publication, and the watchliouse keeper refused to pledge himself in tho matter. The following fresh casualty cases were treated at tho hospital yesterday :-Ellen Haxtou, aged 20 years, of Geelong, fracturo of two small bones in the foot, caused by tho fall of a broom. Blanch Tanner, aged two years, of Little liiver, wouud of the foot with a piece of glass. John Wilson, a groom, aged 23 years, of Lara, injury to tho arm, caused by a kick from a horse. Thore was only ono nomination yesterday for Polwarth, that of Mr William Kobcrt son, who is returned, thcreforo, unopposed. The annual soiree of tho Australian Na tives' Democratic Association took place last evening in Mulder's room, Chilwcll. Tho gaieties commoncod with a tea party, at which about 70 persons sat down, and en joyed a good repast, catered for by Mr Howard, of Moorabool-street. Mr R. Okc, tho presideut of tho association, occupied the seat of honor, and was supported by the vice- presidents, Aldermen Couves aud Jones, the ono on his right hand side, tho other on his loft. Addresses were delivered, and many toasts proposed and responded to A fter this part of the proceedings had been brought to a successful termination, the rest of tho evening was spent in dancing to the tunes played on the piano by Mr Mulder. Tho usual woekly meetiug of tho Catholic Young Men's Literary Association was held last evening, MrE. Molomby being in tho chair. The subject of discussion was : "Is tho Home Rule policy of obstrustion likely to achieve tho desired ond." The discus sion was opened iu the negative by Mr Trait, aud responded to by Mr Cassidy, and it was almost unanimously decided in favor of tho respondent. The attendance at the Adelaido Exhibition up to the present date has been 59 42G. A Ballarat papor states that petroleum has been - discovered iu South Australia Tho locale of tho " find " is kopt secret. Capital punishment for criminal assauita on females has been upheld by the New South Wales Couucil by 12 votes, against G for the abolitiou. " A miner named Bohcu fell down a shaft S5 feet deep at Lauriston on Wednesday. He is now lying at the Kyuoton Hospital in a very critical condition. Dr. Madden joined tho M'Culloch Go vernment in 1875 and was defeated in West Bourke, but held office for nine months until ho won a seat at Sandridge. The banquet of the Sulicman Pasha Com pany haa been postponed till Friday evening next, tho 5th August, as tho Minister of Mines finds liimBelf unable, owing to his Parliamentary duties} to attend before that (lato. f China has its grievances. Chinese authors complain that their works are not only printed in Japan, but that cheap editions of them aro sold to their detriment. The Japaneso h&vo; obviously taken a leaf out of the book of Brother Jonathan. A property-owner at Kyneton has been fined £1 for giving a receipt for rent above £5 without attaching a stamp to tho docu. menfc. He was also ordered to pay £3 coats. The. landlord has determined never to offend in like manner again. Assaults on Chinamen arc becoming fre quent at Sydnoy, and great animosity is shown towards them. Two men named Doran and Doylo were committed for trial at the polico court ou Thursday for that offence; A slight shock of an earthquake was felt at Drouin on Thursday. It extended from the Bunyip to Drouin, and at the old Bun- yip Hotel it was so severe that the windows in the house vibrated considerably. Its duration was nearly two minutes. A Chinaman collected money amongst his "cousins" in Ballarat to defray the costs of the prosecution of the lads Hall, for the nmrder of Tommy Wing Hock. As John has found out, however, that the money is not required for that purpose, he intends to share it with his nearest relations. A teamster was run over nud killed near Quirindi, Now South Wales, recently. He owed about £ GO to a storekeeper named Sraham, who, when tho widow visited him to make somo arrangemont for ita dis charge, genorously forgavo the full debt The Adelaide Customs authorities liavo seized ajlargo quautity of jewellery, valued at £700, which is alleged to have been smuggled into the colony in a case for the German Court at tho Exhibition, in charge of Mr Katzenstein: Further proceedings will be taken. "To the great surpriso of his friends and his medical adviser, who had given him up two weeks ago, tho health of the Yen. Archdeacon Potter greatly improved on Thursday, and hopes, though slight, are now entertained of liis ultimate recovery. Last night's Post says his condition is still unchanged. In the Sydney Supreme Court on Thurs day morning tho case of Bermingham v. Beunett and others, for libel on tho Kev. Dr. Bermingham, a Soman Catholic priest of Wagga, in the Evening Netcs, was called on. A verdict for tho plaintiff, for £500, cover ing damages and costs, was entered by con sent. The architects appointed by tho Sydney City Council to examine the plastering of the Town hall report that tho fall of tho ceil ings was duo to the use of inferior materials. At n meeting of the council, held on Thursday, ?some strong remarks were mndoon the man ner in which the work had been carried out, and it was suggested that legal proceedings should bo instituted against tho contrac tors. Tho Evening Post of last night says: " Tho friends of Mrs LongstafT, wife of Mr T. Longstair, chemist, of Bridge-street, Ballarat, will learn with feelings of regret that the lady in question expired at her residence this foronoon. Mrs LongstafT has been in ill-health for over two years, so that her demise was not unexpected." A young woman named Mary Ann Lamb died suddenly in the Chinese Camp, Haddon, on Monday last; Dr. Jordan, off Smythes- dale, made a post mortem examination of the body, and found deceased's stomach considerably inflamed, and the brain in a diseased state. It was deemed advisable to forward the contents to the Government analytical chemist for examination, and the inquiry was adjourned till Wednesday. At the Adelaide police court on Thursday a hairdresser named Dalley was charged with trading on Sunday. His counsel nrgued that shaving was an act of cleanliness, and not trading in tho ordinary acceptation of tho term. Tho magistrate, feeling a doubt as to whether the caso came under tho bye laws, dismissed the information. The cor poration will appeal against tho decision. It lias been brought under the notice of the postal authorities that the requirements of tlie Stamp Duties Act are in many in stances evaded. Legal proceedings were instituted against a bootmaker named \V. Robbie, at Kyneton, on Tuesday last, for giving two receipts without .1 duty stamp; .For each ollunce ho was fined 10s, with 29s costs. On Wednesday last .1 young man wos found by the Biehmond police in a state of delirium tremens. He threatened to shoot himself. When taken to tho watchhoiiso he was placed by tho lire to warm him, and while no one was looking ho put a handful of hot coals into his mouth, which was badly burnt. He was brought before the Richmond bencli 011 Thursday, and remanded for medi cal treatment. It is probable that after the expiration of Mr Jmtico Molcsworth's present leavo of absence for three months a fresh leave will have to bo granted him. tllis Honor's ill ness seems likely to last for some time, and his medical advisers have recommeudeil him to tako a trip to England. Under these circumstances it may bo necessary to mako a temporary appointment to pre vent the business of the courts getting into arrear. - = The two men, Tiich.ird Thomas and Ebone zcr .Smith, arrested as being implicated in the robbery of a pair of diamond earrinns valued at £2o0, from tho shop of Mr Gold steiu, jeweller, of Bourkustreet, Melbourne wore brought before the City Court Bench on rcmaud on Thursday, and again remauded tor a week on the application of the detec tive police, who have the caso. Somo of tho aifiuionds aro yet missing. Bail was applied for for Thomas, and the Bench agreed to accept two unquestionable Buretioa of £100 C3CU. It is no far-fotched prophecy to predict that electric vehicles will bo in general use within a year or two. Kot only will thev supersedo bath chairs or garden chairs for invalids, but they will surely be adopted by all who desire to transfer themselves easily and promptly from place to place, without eing at the mercy of public conveyances or keeping a regular carriage. An elec trie coach will want no coachman, and it will be dragged by horses that eat no corn. The Vienna correspondent of the London Standard writes:-"A Roumanian engi neer, Irnjau Theodoresco by name, has invented a new description of tornedo or submarino boat, whoso peculiarity is that it is capable of inauQiuvring under water for twelve hours at a stretch. It is able to act snn f t ' ° ,from 100Tfeet !n rivers to 700 or 800 feet in the sea. It is able, through tho agency °f screws, to nso or sink noislessly, and either suddenly or gradually by sncces' Sive stages, and can move or manuccuvre in any direction. Tho illumination of the vessel 13 internal, and enables the officers uptm her to see for a distance of 130 feot under water. Upon the surface of tho water the vessel is managed and manoeuvred as an ordinary ironclad boat. The following paragraph from the Athe wuim will have an interest for all lovers of Shakespeare Y\ e are informed that Mr Hah well 1 hillips has just discovered in U arwiekslure a valuable collection of docu ments throwing considerable light on the social positiou and history of Shakespeare's connections in that county. Among other matters of interest, ,t seems that, throughout the poets youth, his uncle Henry rented a considerable quantity of land under Bartlio* Iomew Hales, at Smtterfieid, and, by a chain of curious evidence, tho exact site of his farm has been ascertained. It was nihitf'i on tho brow of the hill near the rWM skirting the road to Luscombe." ' Through not having cultivated the art of extemporaneous speaking, balf.Jd0J» cergymen of the Established Church cut n sorry figure "lateJy in Salisbury Cathe dial. On a recent Sabbath moruinc tho officiatmg minister announced from hU ' brough a sermon with him " i should therefore dismiss tho ' " ,.'le with tho benediction. The affair hSf6 '°? much comments the cathedra the Spectator), the more Bo (8t,atca pened to bo four clergymen nrcse^n+T choir, and not one of them ,blQ th° grSon'°Xh0rtati0n t0 intS Company intend to demonstrate on "la^o" the company's chemical aduscr^MrKruso '-it its works in kiclimond, in as larce a wiv their present apparatus will admit S "C ? with most gratifying resnlu A are now being made for \ ArT!S°'Tnts bition of tho light, wFtj, eXhi" enrrence of the directors of the Brighton'GT ton will be lighted up one night soou with thn new illuminating material* NoVoubt a» u^°tS rts. great satisfaction to those interested » Z white powerful light being » PUW that by SOUIO Innnv nti.n * , ® chemical discovery has been m W Dixaon, tho full e^eeU of whi?h a?o iL^" yet comprehended. It is s'unnn«oS J I the chemical combination of the gases of pp y spectrum to products the pure white light of aunshino. __ Wo have received Gordon and GotcU's A. 15. C. Kail way and lload Guide fot August. The Bishop of Ballarat will preach in AU SaintB' Episcopalian Cliurch to- morrow mor ning and afternoon. The Bishop of Ballarnt will preach at Christ Church to-morrow evening. Collcc fcions will bo made, morning and eve. niiig, for the Hospital and Gaol Chaplaiu'a Fund. Tho Rev. J. F. Gannaway will conduct the services at tho Congregational Church to-morrow. Mr John Stirling has consented to allow himself to be nominated as a candidate for tho representation of tho Cape Otway llidiug of tho Shire of VViuchelsea. Nominations for a vacancy in the Geelong School Board of Advice must be made before 4 p.m. on theSth August. AB repairs aro being effected to tho into, rior of the Freo Library, that institution will bo closed on Monday. Next Wednesday evening a lecture oa tho Great Pyramid will be delivered at the rooms of the Young Men's Christian Asso ciation by the JRev. J. J. Westwood, who will also deliver a lecture in the Forestors' Hall, Portarlington, on Thursday evoning. 