Orara. The strong sob of the chaffing stream, That seaward fights its way Down crags of glitter, dells of gleam, Ib in the hills to-day. But, far and faint, a grey-winged form Hangs where the wild lights wane 'The phantom of a bygone storm— A ghost of windand rain. The soft white feet of Afternoon Are on the shining meads : The breeze is as a pleasant tune Amongst the happy reeds. The gloom-dividing flying fire That made the great caves ring. And scarred the slope and broke the spire, Is a forgotten thing. The air is full of mellow sounds; The wet hill-heads are bright; And, down the fall of fragrant grounds, The deep ways flame with light. A arose-red space ox stream I see Past banks and tender fern A radiant brook, unknown to me Beyond its upper turn. The singfng silver life I hear, Whose home is in the green Par-folded woods of fountains dear Where I have never been. Ah, brook above the upper bend, I often long to stand "Where you iu soft cool shades descend From the untrodden Land! Ah, folded woods that hide the grace Of moss and torrents strong, I often wish to know the face Of that which sings your song! But I may linger long, and look Till night is over all: My eyes will never see the brook Or sweet strange waterfall. "The world is round me with its heat And toil and cares that tire ; T ear.not with my feeble feet Climb after my desire. But, on the lap of lands unseen, Within a secret zone, There shines diviner gold and green Than man has ever known. And where the silver waters sing, Down bushed and holy dells, The flower of a celestial Spring— A tenfold splendour dwells. Yea, in my dream of fall and brook By far sweet forests furled, I see that light for which I look In vain through all the world. The glory of a larger sky On slopes of hills sublime That speak with God and Morning, high Above the ways of Time ! Ah! haply, in this sphere of change Where shadows spoil the beam, It would not do to climb that range And test my radiant Dream. The slightest glimpse of yonder place, Untrodden and alone, Might wholly kill that nameless grace The charm of the Unknown. And, therefore, though I look and long, Perhaps the lot is bright Which keeps tbe river of the song A beauty out of sight. Henry Kendall. 