®»Us and ffotthrs. MIES. FLINT'S MARR1TJ- EX PERIENCE. 'Well, MindweU, I have counselled a good deal about it. I was- happy as the day is long with yoor father. I don't say but what I demnd to this worid considerTate more than was good far my growth, in grace. Be was abont die best Bat it pleased the Lord fc remove him, and it was quite a spell before X t*M really wnhmit: ; the natural man rebelled, now I tell you t You can * dbto tell what it ts to lose a companioa taH yon experience it.' A. faint colour, vanishing as rapidly as it came, almost as if ashamed that it bore vdness to the exnobm witiun her, rose to Hmdwell Pratts Cue as her mother spoke. She was a typical Kev England woman— pale, serious, with A*Kn*fr features, grave dark eyes, a tall, slight, ondelevoped figure, graceful from mete nnoansctoosness, awkward and angular otherwise. Yoa could compare j her to nothing but some delicate and slender j tree of the forest that wares its fragile but hardy branches fresh *™l green in spring-time, I and abides undaunted the worst blast of J winter, rooted in the fissures of the rock, fed fay the bitterest showers, the melbng snows, . th«» ftirinns **'? that bends but never breaks it ; perfect in its place, fitted utterly to its surroundings. Her mother, the widow Gold, was externally like her - but deep in Mmd welTs heart lay a strength of rtiarwtrr and a-Trtf?fiffig of inrffrmmf. ttn* *?M-t woman did not possess, and a reticence that forbade her | to express sympathy even with her mother's , for sympathy impK—i an expression of her lore for her husband— a, hidden treasure she could not profane by gp'»**v which found chief spring of her active and devoted Gfe as wife and mother. Mis. Gold had been a happy woman, as she said, while her husband Eved, and bad not yet ceased to reproach herself for New Foglaiid at **?*? twn^ was of a ch^n type; it tit^nmnA^A * spiritual asrBtwrmi of its followers, and virtually forbade them to enjoy tie blessing of this life by keeping expresses it. It was then? purpose to work out their own salvation with fear and trembling m*Aw ij^ erase of tfi*» law ; the gOHpel was a profound and awful mystery, to be l^«*gp^ far af»r off : no more daily bread tian the show-bread of the Temple. They Cved, and worked, and suffixed, and died, wiUi few exceptions, in an awful sense of flying ♦mim*^ brief probation, an angry God, a certain hell, but a very uncertain heaven. No wonder that they were anstere and hard ; the outside pressure, and give play to hwmnur, or fancy, or passion of any sort. Yet in this fartfcUna fitHi lay- ojjwygrttaa of Wonderful aUwngUi ; the compelling force of doty made men nobly honest, rigidly upright, just as far as tfuir narrow towe allowed, and true to the outward rdatins of Ota life, however they they called by other mm« than Hw^p, and abhorred. Qan we say as much for ourselves ? its strong virtues, and its outgrowth, was honesty, decency, and respect for law : a share o£ such virtues would be worth irrtwrh to Mis. Gold was 'a professor,' and it behoved her to submit to the will of God when her husband died. He had been a strong, i mxk*wmtfa Jti a* as his race, his wife had been loved and cherished as tie very blossom of his ', life. She was a sweet, fair girl when Ethan Gold marri1^ ^'ari '^'tnti'tp and di'iwii^^nt by ' nature, though *'^'j***j*»? had myi** her a hard ' worker ; but her fragile beauty and soft tpffippr hail attached the strength and fervor of the man, and their short life together had been exceptionally happy. Then lever struck him down in h*g full prime, and their only HitM, a grri of hTj could but just remember all her life that she once had a father whose very memory tras sacred. Fifteen years of wnflw^ing, at first deeiJy, f^pn Readily, at last habinially, a«'i rather as a form *3ia« a feeling, passed away. F^«ti tiait Je& hie wife with 'means,' so that poverty did not vex her; and now Mindwell was a grown woman, and married to Sanwml Pratt, a well-to-do yonng farmer of Colebrook — a hearty, jovial young fellow, whose fun and animal spirits would bubble over in spite of reproving eves and tongues, and who came into SftndweU's restrained and reserved life like a burst of sunshine. Are the wild blossoms grateful to the sun that draws them with powerful attraction from the cojaeoo. 'Vberetfeey together, All (be cold wwther. Keep boose alone r Perhaps their odour and colour are for him who brings them to tight and delight of life. MmdweH'8 great fear was that she made an idol of her fcn-Ji--..l ; yet he certainly had not an «**»* ***** she did. If the good soul had stopped to analyse &tB; relation between them, his coneiousness would have been found, when formulated, to be that bis wi£e bore with him as saints do with rather amnstng sinners, while he worshipped her as even the most humorous of mnm8 do MiMd-iTitga secretly worship saints. Bat what the wife did not acknow ledge or tile husband perceive became in a few years pafnfnlly perceptible to the mother's BwhiImii. sad maternal instinct. Mindwell treated her with all possible respect and MndncnH, but she was do longer her first object. Tiiere is a strange hunger in the average female heart to be tiie one and only Ion of some other heart, which has at the root of fearful tragedies and Jong agonies of unbroken pain — a God-given ™**— ****. no doubt, to make tile monopoly of marriage dear and desirable, but, like another instincts, fatal if it be not fulfilled or followed. Utterly wanting in men. who grasp the pluralities of passion as well a* of office, this instinct niches itself deepest in the gentlest of women, and was the ruling yet unrecognised motive in the widow GouTb rtiarartrr. If Mindwell had not had children, perhaps her mother would have been more necessary to her and more dear; but two babies had followed on her marriage wtUun three years, and her mother-lore was a brae passion. This the grandmother uercaned with a tender jealousy fast growing acute. She loved the little girls, as grandmothers do, with unreasoning and lavish fondnww If there had been a maiden annt in tile family— that unconsidered maid-of -all-work whose love is felt to be intrusive, white yet the demands on it are insatiable— the widow Gold would have had at least one sympathetic breast to appeal to; bat as it was, she became more and more oneasy and unhappy, and began to make herself wretched with ail the commonplaces she could think o£— abont her 'room being better than her company,' ** love runs down, not up,' and the like— till she was really pining, when just at this moment an admirer came upon the scene, and made known the reason of his apearance in a business-like 'Deacon Flint's in the keepin'-room, mother, wishful to see you,' said Mindwell one day, about five years after her marriage. Deacon Flint was an old acquaintance, known to Mrs Gold ever since she was a girl in Bassett. When she married and moved to Denslow the a^yiaintanrf had been partly drooped, though only nine mfles lay between Item ; but she had then her family cares, and Khan Gold and Amasa Flint were as unEkelyb-befriendsasa Sewfoundiand dog ?nd a weaseL Since she had come to Colebrook to live with her daughter, she was a little further sbH from her Bassett friends, and therefore it was a long time since she bad seen the deacon. Meanwhile he had lost his wife— a silent and sickly woman, who crept about and worried through her daily duties for years, spent and faj'fa'g when the last supper dish was washed, and aching at early dawn when she had to get up to milk. She did not complain ; her dnty lay there, in her home, and she died. This is a ^— miMwi reuurd ^—-mg oar barren hills, which eormt by thousands their ' Harttis by On? paw wiliioat Use pana. It was a year after her death when Deacon Ennt made his first visit to Widow Gold. He was tired of paying Aunt Polly Morse seventy five cents a week to do housework, though she span and wove, and made and mpnnVn*, as faithfully as his wife h*^ done, conboing only to one trusty ear her opfanon of her employer. ' He's a professor; ye know, Isr'el, and I make no doubt but what he's a good man, but he is dreadful near— eeeuu as if he redly bezrutched me my vittles sometimes * and thereainta grain o' salt in that house spBt without his findin' of it out Now I dost j— InTnrfcp (q armJI jK- fait, DOT i*'*l^*al' flnp^ fa) waste it ; bat, land's sates ! I cant see like a fly, so's to scare np ewery mite of sugar titat's left onto the edges of the paper he fetches it hum m. I wish to gracious he'd get somebodv else, rd rather do chores for JOraody Buff Ursa for the deacon.' Old Israel's wrinkled face puckered mouth, and djB**CHBet eyes twitched will* a furtive laugh. He was the yfflage fool, yet shrewder than any man who stopped to jest with him, and a fool only in the satiric ?ease of jester; for though he had nothing of fab own but a tiny brown house and pig- pen, and made has filing, such as it was, by doing odd jobs, mmT peddling yeast from the ^'*jH^? at Shnsbury, he was the most indfpg«r'font man in Basset, being regardless of public opinion, and not at all afraid of Parson Roberto. 'Well, Aunt Pony,' he answered, 'you stay by a speQ ; the «f*^f*Mi wont want ye too long. He's got a sharp eye, now I tell ye, and he's forehanded as fury. Fust yoa know, Miss Flint 11 come home, and you'll go home.*1 ' tfiss Flint !n screamed Annt folly. ' Why, Isr'el Tucker, you give me such a turn ! Poor cretur, she's safe under the mulleins this year back. I guess I afr^IT go when she comes, but twon't be till the day o' judgment.' ' Then the day o' judgment^ near by. Aunt Polly ; and I reckon it is for one poor cretur. Bat yoa don't somehow seem to take it in. I tell ye the deacon's gone a-courtuT. ' ' Courtm' ! IsrW / you be a-foolm' of me now, certain sure ?' ' Not a mite on't. I Bee him a-'ilin' np his old harness yesterday, and a-rnbbin' down the mare, and I mistrusted he was op to suthin * and Squire Battle he met him a'most to Colebrook this rnornin* — I heerd him say so. I put this 'n' that together, and drawed my own influences, and I figgered out that he's gone to Colebrook to see tf Widder Gold won't her him. A wife's a lot cheaper than hired help, and this one's got meaas.' ' For mercy's sakes ! you don't suppose Sarepty Gold would look at him, do ye V ' I never see the woman yet that wouldn't look at a man when he axed her to,' was the dry answer. But Aunt Polly was too stunned with her new ideas to retort. She went on as if the sneer at her sex had not reached her ear. *' Why, she haVt no need to marry him. She's got a good home to Sam Pfcatt'e ; and there's that farm here that Hi Smith runs on «thtW*w, and money in Har*ford ?V'lrj they do say. She wont have him ; don't ye tell me so.' ' Women are mortal queer,' replied old Israel. 'If they wa'n% there wouldn't no men get married;' snapped Aunt Polly, who was a contented old maid, and sever enapectedshe was 'queer' herself. 'That's bo, Annt Polly. Matt* it'a what Pareoo Boberte calls a dispensation, and I gnos it is. I aay tor% a *jman m«*be exby queer to marry Aanasy Hint, ef aae a even got a chance atBassett poor-house.' Yet Israel was riAl in Im prophecy. At that very moment Deacon Rmt was ntbng bolt-onrij-ht in a high- hacked chair in Sam Pratf s keeping-room, discoursing with the widow GoUL Two people more opposite in aspect could hardly fc Sand. Mrs. Gold was not yet fifty, and retained much other soft loveliness. Her cheek was still round and fair, her pale brown hair bat sUghfly lined with gray, and the rsfld light of hefeyes shone tenBedy yet, though her figure was a little bent, and her hands knotted with work. She looked fair and yonng in comparison with the graded, stem, hard-favoured man before her. A far-off Scotch ancestory had bequeathed to him the high cheek-bones and deep-set eyes that gove him so Bevere an aspect, and to these an aonmne nose, a cruel, pinched mouth, a low forehead, and a sallow wrinkled skin added no charms. Bat the charm of old asmriatinn brought him a welcome here. Bassett was the home of Mrs. Cold's childhood, and she had a great many questions to ask. Her face gathered coloar and light as she recalled old affections and sympathies, and toe deacon took a certain satisfaction in looking at her. Bat tors was a mere ripple above bis serious intention. He meant business, and could not waste time ; so as soon as there came a little lull in Mrs. Gold's fluent reminiscences, he curtiy began: ?? I came over to-day on an arrand, IGss Gold— I may say quite a ser'ous arrand. I bet my companion, I suppose ye know, a year ago come September the 10th. She was a good woman, Miss Flint was, savin' and reasonable as ever was.' -I always heard her well spoke of,' modestly rejoined the widow. 'Yes, her children praise her in the gates, or they would her if she'd had any. I feet her loss. And Scripter says, 'It is not good Ear man to be alone.' Seripter n right Ton are a woman that's seen affietian too. Miss Gold : you've passed nader U» rod. Well, folks mm* be resigned; professors like you and me have got to set example. We cant fault the Lord when He takes our companions away, and say, ' Why do ye so? as though twasamandoneit We've got this treasure in earthen vessels. Well, to come to the pint, I come over to-day to see ef yon want wfllm' to consider the subject of uniting yaradf to me in the bonds of marriage,' 'Oh!' saM the astomahed widow. ' I dont want to hnrry none,*' he went on ; 'take time out I should like to get my answer off, bat [ can make allowance for ban* orw*K|iafled, tH come agm next week — say this day week. I hope you'll make it a subject of prayer, and I expect you'll get light on your duty by that lime. I've got a good house, and a good farm, and 111 do know Mr?Pratfs fa&s;°«re pressed Banete room, I expect. I gaese tiney wont stand in the way of your gom' to Baasett. Good-day —good-day.' And tiie widow received a calm up-and^own hand-shade, with which decorous caress (?) the dticaon — for we can not call him the lover— departed, leaving Mis. Gold in a state 01 pieasen amazement, pamy in i mm1 sue was a woman and a widow, partly because it was Deacon Flint who had asked her to marry him; for the deacon was a pillar in Bassett chnrcfa, owned a huge imo and a goodly square house, and was a power in the State, having twice been sent to the General Assembly. She could not but be gratified by the preference, and as she pondered on the *'-**— it grew more feasible. Her gin was hers no longer, but a wife and mother herself, and she who bad been all in all to %Iind weu was now little more than ' .gnndina in the house — a sort of suffered and necessary burden on Samuel's hands ; bat here x home of her own was offered her, a place where she could ask her .children to come to her, and give rather than receive. There is nothing so attractive to a woman who is no longer young as the idea of a home. The shadow of age and its infirmities affrights her ; louelmess is a terror in the future ; and the ptuBpect of drifting about here and there, a dependent, poor, proud, unwelcome, when flesh and heart fail, and the permanent shelter a Messed prospect; and draws many a woman into a far more dreadful fate than the work-house mercies or the colder charity of relatives. Tbia terror was strong in Mrs. Gold's feeble heart. She was one of the thousands of women who cannot trust what they do not see, and she misjudged her daughter cruelly. Miodwell felt that to-day, as her mother avowed to her Deacon Font's offer, and her own perplexities. When Mrs. Gold asserted that her daugnter could never understand what it was to lose a husband, MindweQ felt, sure but unspoken conviction that the terror of such a bereavement, which confronted her whenever her heart leaped op to meet RamnH, was experipnre enough for her to interpret thereby the longings of a real bereavement ; but she only coloured faintly, and answered : 'Weft, mother, I dont see my way dear to offer you any advice. You must use your own judgment. Ton know Samuel and me think everything of having yon here, and the children just begin to know grandma by heart. But I dont want to be self-seeking ; if it's for your best good, why, we shan't neither of us say a word. I dont skerce know how to speak abont it, ifs so strange like and sudden. I cant say no more than ttio : if you're going to be happier and better off with Deacon Hint than with your own folks, we havent no right to hinder you, and we wont' Hmdwell tamed away with trembling lips, auent because etnmg emotion choked her. D she had fallen on her mother's neck and wept, and begged her to stay, with repeated' kisses and warm embrace, lbs. Gold never would have become lbs. Clint; but she could not appreciate Mmdweu'. f I'l |i jljl ' her Difference, and her «Uerl^BBrtaomed flipmfc this msst in scsnder preporBbm than. everTahe resolved then and taere that it wa« her dnty to accept him. Mindwdlhad cone doWMtaira to find her husband, who sat by the fire fitting a rake tafl more firmly into a bay-take. He had been caught in a diatant field by a bean -»,„„ _ i-7 ~, ?*— ^h.. now cute to the fee^lIee^^.oe^cWnj^ljblrat. boatteketaefortea. MrndweB atofcopto him, and laid one hand on bis handsome bead. He looked up mstonrshed at the slight caress, and saw his wife's eyes were fun of ten. ' What's the matter, darling T he acid, in his cheery voice. It was Uke « Idas to her to have him say 'darling,' far sweet words were rare among their class; and this was the only one he ever used, kept sacredly, too, far MindweU. 'Oh, Sam,' she answered, with a quiver in her delicate voice, 'dont you ttink. Deacon Flint wants to marry mother '-' 'Thunder an' guns! yon dont mean it, wife! Haw! haw', haw! It's asgood ae a general tramin'. Of an things! What does she say totr 'Well. Tm 'most afraid she favours him a little. He's given her a week's time to consider of it ; but someway I cant bear to have it thought of.' ' Don't pester your head about; Mis Pratt You on't make nor meddle in such thingB ; but Fm free to own that I never was more beat in all my days. Why, Amasy Hint is pretends to be as pious as a basket o' chips, but I han't no vital faith in that land o' nuns; Ibiievein my soul he's a darned old hypocrite.' 'Oh, 6am! Gam! yon hadnt ought to judge talks.* 'IsuppaseIhsant,reeDy ; but you know what Scnpter says somewhere or 'rather, that Borne gbIksb sill are open* jlu go to iHajtindt beforehand, and I guess his'n do. I should hate to save mother take spwith him.' 'West can we do, Sam?' ' Notbin', Btrenoudy. I dont know what ts about women-folks in such matters ; they wont bear no more meddlin' with flttn a pa'tridge's nest : youflanue the brood if you put in a finger. I'd say jest ss much as I could about her bean' always welcome bare ; m do my part of that set piece o' musk ; and that's all we can do: if sheYseton bavin' trim, she will, and you nor me cant stop it, Mata Pratt j' with which Bound advice Sam rose from the milking stool with his reconstructed rake, took down a coarse comb from the dock case, ran it through his hair by way of toflet, and sat down to supper at the table with tie three other haymakers. lEndwell and her mother were going out to tea, so they did not enp with the men? After they came home Sam m»masod himself in a succinct but forcible manner to Mrs. Gold on the subject of her marriage, and JCind well attempted a f-MMi. FenHnstxaiice, again, but her morbid fear of wjfishmw shut the heart-throbs she longed to express ro her mother back into their fa^a.l silence. She and Sam both, trying to do their best, actually helped rather than hindered tins unproprbous marriage Mrs. Gold in heart longed to stay with her children, but feared and disliked so heartily to be a burden on their hands that shewas unjust to herself and them too. A little less self-inspection and a little more simple honesty of speech would have settled this matter in favour of Mindwell and Colebroofc; as it was, Deacon Flint carried the day. On tiie Friday following be arrived for his answer, bis grey bair tied in a long queue, his Sunday coat of bine and hrass finttffrt, his right drab pantaloons, ruffled shirt, and low boots, a& indicating a ?Tf'IM1''*1 'Gosh!' said old Isoel Tucker, jogging along; in his yeast cart, as he met the gray v mare in dean harness, wlupped up by the deacon in this fine raiment, the old waggon itself bong for once washed and greased— 'gosh '. it's easy teUin' what he's after. I should think them maUems an' fr»^rct«*ar« in the bnryin' -ground would kinder rustle round. I dont know, though ; mabbe Miss Clint's realized by now that she's better off under tbem beauties of natnr' than she ever was in Amasy Flint's house. Good land ! what fools women- folks be ! They never know when they're well off. She's had an easy time along back, but she's seen the last ont-she's seen the last on'. Get up, Jewpiter !' Nothing daunted by any mystic or magnetic sense of this vaticination by the highway. Deacon Flint whipped up his boney steed still more, and to such good purpose that he arrived in Colebrook before the widow had taken down the last pinned-up cud on her f 3rehead, or decided which of her twe worked collars she would put on, and whether it would be incongruous to wear a brooch of blue enamel vm a white centre on which was depicted (in a fine brown tint produced by grinding up in oil a lock of the deceased Ethan Gold's hair) a weeping.wiuow bending over a tomb, with an urn, and a date on a bine bow instead, and went down to receive the expecting deacon. ' I hope I see yon well, ma'am,' said Mr-f- Flint '5^^ 'Comfortably well, Tm obleeged to you.' was the prim answer. But the deacon was not to be daunted at this crisis ; be plunged valiantly into the middle of things at once. ' I suppose you've took into conskleratiau the matter in hand. Miss Gold r The widow creased her handkerchief between her finger and thumb, and seemed to be critical about tie hemming of it; but she pretty soon said, softly. ''Sea, [ can't say out what [ have thooghton't a good deal. I've counselled some with the chadren. too.' 'Well, I hope you're fit and prepared to acknowledge the leadm's of Providence to this «ad, and airabout ready to bemycompamon IMktte witty rf this world op to (ten &*lsleyoarltbecwe]lm' flood tteasdrnced inlfrin^k Amea.' Thei.«J argot ?» was not in a prayex ?»?? ilaajJaVa Ih MJ I into the hymn-book, asllr. WtggdidmseeiiUr poetry. 'ffm, wen, ttm's a good deal to be thought -of Cor and ag'inat 5 too,' remarked Mm. Gold, rawflBad to give too easy an assent, bI» cheapen herseU in the eyes of her acute adorer; but whan her thoughts ?rare sternly erftad down they appeared to be aught matters, and the deacon soon carried tie point. He waated notime in this transaction j ?ntvaig **riioofc Imb on 'it, me be ennncd nimsS, he proceeded at once to arrange H-e ''^WenTsarepty, we're both along io yean, and to our time o' life delays is Dangerous. I think we'd better get married pretty quick, rmkeepio' that mat lazy Polly alone, and j»»ym' oat cash ri)jht along; and yea no need «D Hx BD Ally, yOfl VC lEUC flOOd CUUU9B COOHJdl J besides, what's clothes to worms of the dot seek as we be? The Catechism says, 'Han's chief end is to glorify God and enjoy Him forever.' and if that's ae— and I expect '-& so \- why.'tam'tnotfcin' to be eoneeraed abost what oar poor dym' bodies is clothed in.' Km. Gold did net agree with bim atn&: she liked her dothes, aa women ought to, but ngprHmwhrral piety awed her, and she said, SBeekly enough, 'WeD. I don't need no -n»t number of gowns. Iaha'e'tbuybataDe, Idan'tbenerc.' A faint emoar stole to her cheek aa she aaid it, torahe mi antaweddingdreaa ; and Deacon Flint was acute enough to perceive it, audio msteatandthattkuwasa point he coald ast '«m «n mt neither here nor tine. Sarenty, bat laim to fix it OB your mind that, as I aaid afore, delays is dangers**. I popese, wiUi the Dime Menarn', to be eaatxmd thie day two sw«aa I asmpnap you're agneabfer The widow vu too sarpnsed to deny this aaft iawesnsnent, and he went a* -. 'Ye see, there's papen to be ancl ap : yoa-e got inrtppreltwt means, aasiao have I, and it's jest as well to settle thfauja bat aa bat Did Ethan Gold bm you a life-iufrest in Jour third., or out an' The widow's lip trembled : her dead husband Imdtieacarafsloffaer, dorobU tfaaaabe knew, tal bow. 'He didn't wffl ate no fluids at aU ; fee left aae an' privilege for my astenl life of everything tint was hia'a, and all to so to aOndwdl when Iguoe.' 'DoteU1. Be was forehanded, I declare fart! enuhaed the deacon, both pleased aad ?M^J^-J ; for if his wife's inoonte wnt to be greater than he aunposed, in case of her death Before hi» there wouH be bo increase to his ??^»^i iimaiaahinii 'Well, I always calciated yon baa yomr third*, an- probly, fcnowin' Ethan was free- banded, w» bad 'em oat an1 oat TUs notes some dmferenee about what papers TU have to have drawed up. Sow I ness the beat way is to save a agreement Eke dns. I agree not to eipect to her an' to hold none of your property, an' m don't none of nose ; bat t to hue the nee of yw'n, snd you to ham yoar lhrm' ont o' nune. You see, yon don't ha»e no awre'n your lino' ont of yw'n now; that's all we any of as to get in this bore world: -twin food an' raiment, let ns therewai be content,' a. Sciptam aafs. 'Bob. agree to this, dont ye r Bewildered with the plausible phrases, ballasted by a text, unaware that even the devil can quote ScriptDre to aerve bis tarn, lbs. Gold did antaee tbstshe was patting henelf entirely into the hands of this sun, and meekly agreed to his arrangement. K tbb story were not aWsiely true, I should scarce dare to invent such a rhanrtw as Deacon Hint, hut he wnf once a tiring man, andbestatzng to condemn bim utterly, being nowdefaacdssi among the dead, we can hat bope Cor him and his like that there an purifying 6iw beyond this life where he may be ssaUed and leaned into the image of Him who nude bim a man, and gave bun a long life here to develop manhood. NotuntQafterhe «»« ROM did lira Gold begin to tiiinl that he had had left her to explain his arrangements to MindweU and Sam ; and instinctively she ?far— k from doing so. Like many weak woman, she hated words, partUauady, bard words ; her life bad flowed on in a gentle routine, so peacefully that she had known bat one sorrow, and that was so great that, with ibe propensity we all hare to balance accounts, with Providence, she thought ber faoablehadbeeaansbecauMbear ; bottherewxs yet reserved for her that sharp attrition of life which is bo different from the calm and awfulfaceef sorrow, aomnchmoreexasperattng, waned her to avoid remonstrance by eaneealmg from children the contract she was about to make, and she felt, too, the nncertainly of a woman unaccustomed to business about her own clear nndewttrnimc of the situation; so she satisfied herself with teUing MindweU of the near approeh of 'Ob, mother! so soon!' was all Mindwell said, though ber eyes and lips spoke tar from 'We/'now the thing's settled, I don't know but what it may as well be over with. We ain't young folks, ItudweU. Taint as * if we bad quite a spell to live.*1 Tears stood in her eyes as if she said ft ; a certain misgiving stole over her ; juBt then it seemed a good tiring that she could not live BindweO forced hack the sob Hat choked her. Awoman of single heart, she did not consider a second marriage sacred. For herself, she would rather have taken her children to the town farm, cold as corporative charity is, titan married anottier man than Samuel, even if bad been dead thirty yean; and she Utterly resented this drfanlt of respect to ber father's memory. But her filial duty came to the rescue. 'Dear mother, I can't bear to think of it. WhatshaUIdo! what wffl tte ohadrau e«y ? I did hope you would take time to consider.' '?UamtrealdntnmlinyoD to take me to do, MindweU ; I'm full old to be lessoned, seemstome. As for you and the children, I dont feel no great distress. Love nu down, not up, folks Bay, and I dont beUeve youH any of ye nine a long speU.' This weak and petelant oatfeuts* dismayed MSniweU, who bad never seen her mother otherwise «un gentle and pleasxnt; but, with the tact of ? great heart, «be aaid nothing, only put her arms about the elder woman's neck and Idased her over and over. At this Mrs. Gold began to cry, and in soothing her distress MindweD forgot to ask any further Questions, but set benelf to divert both their minds (ram this brief and bitter outburst by ino^iriag what preparation ber mother meant to state m Ike farfaDjht. 'I dont look to no erest preparation,' ssjbed the widow. 'I have always bad good clothes enough, and there's a piece of linen I von before we come here Oat '0 do for aU I want I suppose I had ought to have a new gown to he married in. When I was married to Ethan, I bad a white dimity gown and a bine tenatme petticoat; and if be didnt fetch me a big bunch of gand-violets— they was bkesomin' then— for to match my eyes and my skirt, he said ; bat tint's past and gone, as the hymn-book says. I do want to ban: one good gown, MindweO ; and new Tm alHHealougmyeaim.Igne.a IHhaveadark one. T'other night, when we was up to Equire Barnes's to tea, IGsb Barnes was telling about a piece of pbnaHcaloured nadnaaw Mr. Battle bought in Harferd for Xecty1. waddm/gown, and shewomjdnt hev she's set her mmd on a blue levaulmt ; bat I should dunk the plum-coloer wodd became me real weH.' Se Ok pUm-eolaurad ana: was bought ; and arrayed in its simple folds, with a new worked collar and a white satin bow, the widow Gold was dressed tar her ancond waning. Did she think, as she looked into her oral nrirrorthat morning, what a diSereut vision was this qaiet~eTkeriy, sober woman, in decent bat not festal ganofarta, fcnm the spotleas dimity gown opeasag over a Use petticoat, and clasped at -Jk throat with a bunch of stai blnsr vialeb? Wkst does a woman think who is married the second thne ? A nan Uaatisfwd that an hs bane wH he axfrtoscemore,liHcMa«nM-ded,fcaiwmms huawurrf, his Ubfe spread to Ms tnate, and an «badrea looked after. If it is needful, he can many she wins, one after the other. Ther are a domestic ? ililj. The Lord himself says it is not good for an to be alose;pst it is oniM another Hung far the woman. Saeh a relation is not a movable feast to her; it is once far all; and if rircsMstance or pane betray ber into this ftitMrvMs. whatoeea she think of snuelf when it becomes imiUslik ? The widow Gold did net teB. She was paler when she tamed fnm the gtaas than when she kated into it, snd she trembled as ahe went dowiKtairs to sign the napen before PammBoberM should arrive. The best parkar was opened to^ay. The highjacked chairs with old brocade cushions Oat hadbelsseed to Sam Piatfn grandmother were ranged along the waQ like a row of stiff ghosts ; the earner enpboards were set open to display the old china and glass that filled them; Acre was a 'bow-pot of great red peomm, sftudsnt and riotous wn» eotoar sad fatoeas, set under the chinmey in tie weB whBwl fire-place ; and a few late rose, dewed mablueemna jarw the high mantel-piece. On a square tabfe with a leaf lay a legal paper, that Sam wm reading, with ImsmWls supporting his head, as if it was hard to ondersto^ the document. (TV) *c camtimvd.) 