PRESENTATION TO THE BISHOP OF ADELAIDE. The members of the Standing Usmmittee of the Ohnrch of Bngland Synod met at the Oharoh Office, Leigh-etreet, on Friday afternoon, De cember 80, for the purpose of presenting an address to the Bight Bev. Dr. Bhort, Bishop of Adelaide, on the occasion of his retiring irom the chief pastorate of the See. The ad dress, which was engrossed on parohment, was read as follows by Dean Bnssell.:— "To the Bight Reverend Augustus, by Divine permission Lord Bishop of Adelaide.— Bight Rev. Father in God—The clergy and representative laity of the Diosese of Adelaide feel the deepest sympathy with you in the con flict of feeling amid wbieh yon snbmit to the wilt of God in resigning that charge over this diocese, which has been maintained daring so long a aeries of years. They are well aware that yon cannot without pain bid farewell to ecenes which are crowded with sacred recollec tions, and in which so much of the bappineu of jour life haa been found. Bat they rcjoiee with yon in the establishment of so many institu tions of lasting value, whioh will oontinae to distinguish the first episcopate in the colony of Sooth Australia as.a period peculiarly eventful. Those who come after yon will enter into your labours, and have cause for thankfulness in doing so, although the number of institutions formed can only inadequately represent to them the many hours of anxious consultation, the difficulties that had to be encountered, the frequent checks given to the work of the Ohnrcb, the rallying of energy, and the re peatedly renewed efforts to carry nil to a suo cessfnl issue. Tour episcopate marks the period of the organization of the Synod with its standing and other committees; the forma tion of a Chapter; the establishment of n system of parochial endowments and paroohial grants-in-aid, as well as of a Oleigy, Widow, and Orphan Fond, and an Annuity Food for the disabled; the recognition by the Oharoh of Home Missions and the Kelanesian Mission as having s claim on its annual offertories; the establishment and growth of St. Peter's Oellc giste School; the erection of a cithedral, of St. Barnabas Theological College, and of ninety one churches, thirty-three parsonages, end thirteen schoolhouses. The number of clergy has increased to fifty, who have (as your Lord ship has reminded us) the assistance of a large namber of UDpeid lay readers; and the in fluence of the Ohuron has powerfully told en all philanthropic and benevolent movements throughout the oolony. It mast be with deep thankfulness that you recall these reenlts of tk. -V Ik, Ck,..k t, il, 11,-os orders, and jour prayer* will not be wanting for those on whom it devolves to earry on the work, and to adapt its form to each transition in our continually changing colonial life. We share with yon in anxiety concerning yonr successor, and we pray for the aid and guidance of the Divine wisdom when the time shall come for choosing a chief pastor. For yonr Lordship we trnst that the pain of the final farewell may be softened by influences of love and sympathy, and that the evening of yonr life may be full at happiness and peace.—Signed on behalf of Bynod by members of Btanding Oommittee." ' His Lordship the Bishop, in replying, said that if he addressed the oommittee with feelings of strong emotion they would not be surprised on such an occasion as the present, when he was about to take leave for ever he might say on earth of those with whom he had worked so long and seen grow np around him, and from whom he had received hearty assis tance In carrying on the work of the Church. The feeling of pain to which allusion had behn made in the address was softened to a very great extent from this cause that it was not any per sonal dissension, or difference of opinion, or disagreement with regard to the policy of the future which had led him to this parting, nsr was it any dislike to the social condition at which the colony had arrived, nor any oomplaitt he had to make as to the ecclesiastical state of the diocese. On the contrary, its most halcyon days had graced the evening of his episcopate. Some months ago there was a sort of exodus from the dlooese, and the doubt had crossed his mind whether the energies of the Ohnroh wonld be able, under a gracious Providence, to snpply those vacant .cures which presented the appear ance of a blank for some considerable time, but dow that doubt bad been removed by the arrival of men who had been reoommended to the Ohorch here, and to whom the state of the dlooese had commended itself as a sphere of labour from its importance, its likelihood to aid in their snpport and maintenance, and in giving them a fair field in which to exercise under the grace of God those cares which they bad chosen to take upon themselves. These had been welcomed most heartily, and he could not lock |baok to hi* connection with the dlooese without a deep feeling of pleasure, as be remem bered that when his state of health preolnded mm leuai wwing iujhiui dub ■ anuii pars u the rites of confirmation and ordination, the Ohurch had Men able to secure visita^rrom two neighbouring Bishops, both of whom had met with a cordial reception, and both of whom by their character, preaching, and general bearing had tended to raise and support the character of the English Episcopate. Although in better health now than some little time ago, under the will of Providenoe he felt that at the age of serentyplne years and a half it was in yain for him to ftxpeot to have that vigour and power of usualness which should sustain him in visiting the more distant para of the diocese, and in doing the work in what was essentially a missionary episoopate. Could he look at the railway darting into the very hurt of the country, Shd at the advancing tide wMthtent spreading from Enela to the S&rrier; Ranges, and even tending towards the Queensland Border and to the baok country of New Bouth Wales, and then torn and look at the railway running through Mount Gambler and Border Town, connecting Victoria with onr own ports, including Adelaide itself, and then think for one moment that at his age he could have the vigour to attempt to reach even the ekirta of this advanced population, and feed the sheep thus scattered in the wilderness. He ooold not, and therefore be felt that it was an Imperative call from the Lord whom be had trusted and served to make way for younger and alder hands. He had at one time felt deeply for the spiritual welfare of the Areas, bnt now the Ohnroh had a strong band of lay readers there who. worked faithfully nnder the guidance and exhortation of the ministry amongst them, feeble and scattered though it was. These were the thoughts which made the peln of parting from the diocese mnoh lesa pain* fnl than they would otherwise be, and he left no Ill-feeling and no enemies behind. There was not a man—Churchman or Dissenter— whom be could not shake by the hand on the score of amity and Christianity in the broader sense, although he had always studied to be a Ohnroh man to the backbone, because he be lieved that the Ohnrch contained the germ of the whole body of saving wrath and of every a, hrly, thing that was good, hrly, and lovely in the Christian life. He did not say it was perfect, and that it had not numerou* faults in Its time; but he had lived to see great changes in its character, and he looked forward to a great development of Christian character when, with out sacrificing one jot of oatholic principle or of primitive usage, the Onuroh could feel at one with others in the brotherhood of the Gospel— when would be fulfilled the beautiful snnonnecmeBt of the Gospel—* Peaoe on earth and goodwill to men of love," and, when instead of worshipping in solitary camps, all wonld te united by this Christian sentiment in cne greatChuroh.and would work together in the bouse of God. Be did not think this a rain ambition, and with these feelings he believed be was only doing his duty in giving place to younger and abler hands, and he trusted that the same oordial support would be given to his successor as he himself had received in the great work of developing the Ohuroh in this colony. God forbid that he should claim any thing but a portion of that work, for both laymen and clergy had helped him worthily in bringing the dioocse to ite present fall-grown state, and he did not believe that there were any other in Anetralia more completely famished with the iDStramentalities of religion than thst of Adelaide. He oonld look back now with complacenoy to the little straggles whiah had taken place, and the doubts and fears and anxieties that existed, when the question of the abolition of State aid to religion was agitated, and they hardly knew where to look for help in view of disestablishment; butj be since thanked God most devontly that the State aid had been swept away. end the Ohurcb of England thus thrown on its own reaonroep had been enabled to show bow nobly it conld establish itself on the volun tary prinoiple. He knew of no other body which had done more in a given time to place itself in a proper position than the Ohoroh of England in this Diocese. Look at the list of Societies and eommittees and funds that its members had organised, end which were all in a flourishing state, look at the Synod itself, which was a great experiment. When he left England in 18S4 he sought the opinion of Richard Bethel, of the great Irish Chancellor, end of other eminent lawyers, as to whether it wonld be a violation of the Aot of Submission to hold a conference of Bynod in this Diocese, and. aetintr on their ODinion. the arrangement] were made for holding Synud, whioh arrange ments had lasted for thirty years. On the bas's of the three orders. Bishop, clergy, and laity, joining together, they had been able to raise an ecclesiastical structure of whioh they oould well be proud when looking at its organiza tion, and the effeot it had produced all through the colony. It mnst not be sap posed, however, that he was satisfied with what had been done. It was impossible to have the episcopal fnnctions properly exercised by one individual in this diocese, and in coming to an agreement to divide it he did not think they bad invalidated the original deed of agreement wbioh was passed for the original diocese. If this division did not take place the Bishop would have to have suffragans or coadjutors to carry the episcopate' fnnctions to the furthest extent of the population. The germ of this division existed, and he prayed for the same blessing of God upon the new bishopric as on the mother province in spreading the infiuenoe of the Ohoreh through the area of this country. He admitted that the lay agency eras not thought of at, the outset, but be had afterwards endeavoured to foster it as much as pos sible, with the result that' now there were about 180 unpaid laity assisting the clergy, and he trusted that no jealousy would arise between the hieratic and the lay priesthood to prevent,their working oordially together so far as the olergy could accept such assistance. Where this work was carried out in a proper spirit the wisdom from above would, be had no doubt, enable them to arrange all difficulties, and if they united in the spirit of prayer God would send them a wise and able governor. The one who sat after him in the episcopal chair he busted woold be treated with cordiality, and if, as they had done with him, the clergy exercised a manly freedom in advising aBd in saying that which was true, and the laity boldly expressed their opinions, the three-fold cord nnltkl by the spirit of God would not be easily broken. God forbid that any one strand of that eord—Bishop, clergy, and laity— should ever entrench on the rights and duties of the others, but that It should remain one strong rope by whioh the oar of the Ohnroh— not a Juggernaut—might be drawn iu triumph to the moat distant boundaries of . the province, carrying peaoe, in nocence, and happiness tbrongh the land. 8t. Barnabas Oollege had been referred to in the address, and he hoped it would carry on the primitive training of the Ohoreh of England, and wonld nroduoe well-t&aaht; elenrv: and while it wonld answer the purposes o( a ohapter hoose it might also serve as a hostel for clergy men seeking rest from their work in distant cnrts. He had brought with him a picture of the Cathedral as it would appear when finished, and also one of St. Barnabas College, whioh he would hand over to Synod, as it had control over those properties. The view of the Cathedral he would have liked to have taken away, with him, but he could not find it in his heart to do so, and would leave it behind as represent ing his wishes, and what it would have been the basin ess of his life to see accomplished had it been granted him to remain another ten years, and he trusted his auooessor would be able to complete the work. He felt great satisfaction that the old institutions under whioh the Church of England had flourished in England now flourished more than ever, because able men had been ohosen from the Presbytery. In every portion of England such men were devoting their energies and learning to the duties of their offices u deacons and canons of tathedral Churches, whioh became the centres of great moral aetivity and paroohial improvement. A life and vigour had thus been infused Into the Ohureh work which was per fectly astonnding to him, looking back, as he did, to thirty years ago. It waa a hard matter to find a worthy ancoessor to Arthur Stanley, Dean of Westminster, but he had read some of the first sermons of the present Dean, who seemed to stand worthily In bis new position. Besides the new Prebendary of Westminster there were Dr. PInmtree and other similarly capable men adorning the higher places in the Church. These institutions were not made for the warm retirement of men of no note in the Ohuroh and members of noble families, and'though they were very nearly being extinguished at one time: be thanked God they were not so now; and whether a Tory, Whig, or Badical Govern ment were in power they dared not appoint in ferior men, for if they did he believed it wonld go a great way to overthrow the Ministry that sought to do so. With the best and ablest men pnt into these positions they beoantesouroes of exertion, light, and love throughout tbe mast retired portions of the diocese. And, now, why should he donbt that the same good providenoe of God which had been with the Church in this colony for the last thirty year* would guide it in tbe future, and why should he doubt in the wisdom of its servants and their desire to fulfil its work to the glory of God ? He put full con fidence in them, and trusted that on their knees and in their closets they would ask for divine grace to gnide them in their choice of a proper Bishop in bis place, and entering on this duty in such a spirit they wonld anrely hsve the aasistsnce of God. The committee had re quested him to draw up a prayer for tire use of 8ynod while it was deliberating on the election of his successor, and having complied with the request, he would ask the committee to join in it with him now, and when they used it in his abeenoe it might remind them of one with whom the; had worked for many years, and who would never forget the help, bleeaing, and comfort they had been to him. The Bishop, who seemed very mnoh affected with a sense of his position, then read the following prayer:—"O Lord Jeans Christ, who didst appoint twelve Apostles to preaoh the glad tidings of salvation to a fallen t world; and afterwards didst choose Matthias in the place of Jndas when he by transgression fell; we, thy servants, desirous to follow the role of the Obnrch, 'built upon the foundation of thy Apostles and Prophets,' beseech Thee to guide ns by Thy Holy Spirit in choosing a Chief Pastor to have the rnle.over ns. Let there be no divisions among na. Let not party zeal eansenssoto set as if Christ were divided. With one accord may we-otrive to chooee a man approved of Cod, who shall rightly dispense the Word of Truth, and, if need be, oorreot and reprove with sll long-suffering and patienoe. Be with as when we give forth oar lots that they may fall on one who shall be a trne suc cessor of Thine Apostles, not in name only, bnt in deed and truth, to the glory of Thy name, O Lord, and the welfare of this Churoh and people; who livest and reign est with the Father end the Holy Ghost, one God Almighty, world without end. Amen." ff .The Bishop announced that Holy Communion wonld be celebrated at the Cathedral at 10 o'olockon Friday morning, and having bidden a formal farewell to the oommittee left the office. 