THE TAltARUA DISASTER. Id connection with the wreck -of the steamer Tetania and the death by drowning of some of tie New Zealand delegates to tne Weeleyan Conference to be held here during the present week special memorial services were held at the Pine- street, Archer-street, and Neat Town Weelejan ohnrches on Sunday, May 8. PIRIE-STREET CHURCH. - In the morning a memorial service in con nection with the loss of the Bteamer T&raraa;, and the death of the' Wealeyan Conference representatives from New Zealand was held in the Pirie-street Wealeyan Church. There was a large congregation. The pulpit and organ and portion of the gallery were draped in blaok. The service was conducted by the Rev. J. B. Stephendon, and a sermon was preached by the Rev. J. Yvatsford, of Victoria, from the • text—1'Let yonr loins be girded about, and your lights burning, and ye yourselves like unto men that wait for their Lord when He will return from the wedding, that when He comebh and hnooheth they may open unto Him immediately. Blessed are those servants whom the Lord when He cometh shall hnd watching. Verily, I say unto yon, that He shall gird himself, and make them to sit down to meat, and will come forth and serve them" — St. Luke xii., 85 and 88. On there woids the rev. gentleman based a very eloquent discourse. He remarked at the outset that God spoke to mankind in His word and by the various dispensations of His provi dence. Sometimes He was not heard, and we would not listen to what God would teach os, and then God did with us just what He did with our fellow-men—spoke louder to us; and He had spoken very loudly to us during - the - last .week with the terrible disaster . to the Tararua, which had filled our hearts with sorrow. He 6pc-ke loudly to the members of that church, and to the members of the conterenoe, aud t > the people of South Australia, and was saying that the Master wr~ coming. The rev. gentle man pointed out that amongst the many un certainties with which we were surrounded there was one certainty, and that was, sooner or later all must die. This being so it wa3 the duty of all to be prepared for the great change, and the necessity for this preparation waB≪ the greater when.it was remembered that no one could rely on having time in which to prepare for deatn when they knew it. waB approaching. He exhorted those present to remember the text, and to at once place them selves in readiness to meet their Lord at Bis coming. Referring to the loss of the Tararua, he briefly related the particul&rs; of the wreck and its disastrous consequences. He said there were on board five delegates to the conference to be held in Ade laide. Two of these were laymen, and ef them he-knew nothing beyond that they were mem bers of the church, and he trusted they were men walking in the fear of the Holy Ghost. Two of the delegates were ministers of the church in New Zealand, - one being the Rev. J. B. .Richardson (President of the New Zealand Conference), who three years ago was one of the delegates at the conference held in Sydney. The other was the Rev. Jno. Armitage, who was editor of the Neva Zealand, Wesleyan, and a minister oE some seveu years' standing. These brethren were greatly honored by those amongst whom they labored, and were nsefnl instruments in the salvation of souls. One of the ministers on board they mast of them knew; he knew him well. The people of that churoh knew and loved the Rev. Joseph Waterhouee. He gave a few particulars concerning the life.of the Rev. Mr. Waterhouse, which had been supplied by Mr. J. B. Waterhouse, up to the timeba went to »SU. where he was the fellow-laborer of the speaker for a year or two. He said that a more devoted missionary than Mr. Water honse never went forth in the name of God to preach the unsearchable riches of Christ among the Gentile3. He was often in perils among the heathen and in perils on the sea. Bis work in ffiji would never be forgotten, aud many would rise up in the great day to thank Gcd that he went iorth to preach the glorious gospel of the blessed Gcd. Returning from Fiji Mr. Waterhonse labored in Victoria—at Beech worth and Echnca—with much usefulness and great success. - At the last conference be was appointed to the very important circuit of Sandhurst, he being the chairman of the Sandhurst district. He spent oaly one Sunday in bis new circuit, and on that occasion he (the ejeaker) was with him, preaching at the same chui ches for different services. In the morning Mr. Waterhouse preached at the Golden-squsra Church, and iu the afternoon he addres3c l t^a Snnday-rshool on the words ".Father and Mother," and he could imagine how he would speak to the clildrer. n those two magic words. In the evening Mr. Waterhouse preached at the Forest-Btreet Onurch from the text, '■ Behold I Etand at tho door aud knook." He (the epeaker) knew the deep impression that was made on the minds of all who heard him by the solemnity of his manner and the earnestness of his appeal, on the Monday he saw Mr. Water house just before he left for New Zealand— compelled to leave his oircuit in order to bring home his afflicted eon, and twenty days afterwards he and his sen, together with 120 more persons, found their graves beneath the surging sea. He referred to a praotioe of Mr. Waterhouse's in connection with the religions training of his children, which he commended to fathers and mothers, and said that two' cr three days before the Tararua disaster Mrs. Waterhouse received a letter from ber huBfcand, the closing sentence of whieh was: —" Each day take one of the children into your rdom, and pray for them." He said it was no wonder under the circumstances that his devoted daughter, when she heard of the wreck of the Bteamer, said—" Surely my father, such a good man, and such a good father, is saved." Again referring to the last Sunday at Sandhurst, be (the speaker) preached at Forest-street church in the morning, where Mr. Waterhouse preached in the evening, and strange as it ap peared to him now, he preached that morning upon Paul's shipwreck. He spoke th t' morning of the influence of one good man anywhere, in a home, in a oity, em a sinking ship, and he stated that the Lord said to Paul, " I have given thee all them that sail with thee," and they were all saved because Paul was there. He had been thinking many a time since How to their dead brother and his companions all on board that sinking steamer might have been given in a higher sense than the others were given to Paul We should probably kuow nothing till the great day of what\ took place on board thasteame dnriug the last few hourB, bat he knew that just as their dear brother Draper had preaohsd Christ with fciB latest breath to his siaking brethren on the London so would their brethren on the Tararua tell cf Jesus to those who were clinging to the wreck. On tho last occasion that Mr. Waterhopse preached in Sandhurst they-Bang that good old hymn— • " God moves in a mysterious way His wonders to perform, He plants His footsteps in the sea And rides upon the storm," end the whole of the words of this hymn, bo applicable to the lamentable occurrence which bad taken place, were quite right. God made no -mistakes, and knew nothing about accidents. Their brethren were in His hands now, and they trusted, with a harvest' cf souls gathered from the ill-fated vessel, were before the throne of God in Heaven. He concluded with an earnest exhor tation to them to at once prepare themselves to meet with joy their Savionr. During the service Mr. W. B. Ohinner played " The dead march in Saul" in a very effective manner. In the evening the Eev. D. O'Donnell preached, also making allusion to the mournful disaster which had occurred. The church was densely crowded. 