CHAPTER V. HE did not appear that, day, nor at breakfast the next morning. I felt that I deserved the reproach which his absence conveyed, and was angry with myself for having so far permitted my curiosity to outrun my discretion. But the more I reflected upon the circum stances of the case, the more con vinced did I become that Castle Stuart held within its walls some, mystery of miliar body upon the like of which it was not given to man to frequently lookand, despite the Major's rebuff and ray own self'consciousness, I resolved not to abandon my quest In pur suance of this resolution I saun tered out into the garden the next afternoon, thinkiug to fall in with the old servant. I was not dis appointed. I found him standing in a little glade, or opening in the brushwood, staring, with all hi* might at the upper windows of the house. " What interests you ?" I cried, taking a guinea from my pocket. " Can you not spare time for a little friendly chat ?" He looked nervously about him, pocketed the gold piece, and, point-* ing to a coarse patch of verdure at his feet, whispered: " It was here he did it." " Did what ?" I asked. " Cut his throat," said the old man, " and they buried him here, with a stake through his heart. But that can't hold him." "What do you mean, man?" I ! asked, experiencing a fresh access of horror at this hideous and un expected story. "Who is buried here ?" " Savary,the forger; him as found his wife gone as well as his liberty. This was where he saw them walk ing. The Captain was a handsome man, and Mrs. Savary had been a beauty, they say. She died mad for all that," and he laughed the discordant laugh of one whose ex perience of life has been of the sort to make him rejoice in others' woe. "What was the Captain's name ?" " Tremaine. He was the Major's brother-in-law. He» dead, too, and Savary will soon see them all out." " Does his ghost walk, then ?" 1 asked, attempting a laugh; but the day was cloudy, and a cold wind seemed on a sudden to chill me. "Ask Mrs. Rochford. She saw him last night. Listen. Two years ago I was sitting up wiift the '§ 1 " " - old hag in the kitchen, when I heard the door-bell. It was blow ing a storm like it was last night, and the wind went shrieking round the house as if it wanted to get in and tear us. It was the Major's Thursday, and I daren't go near him for my soul. I crept to the door, thinking some traveller had got out of his track, for no one who knew us would come to Castle Stuart; hut before I could open it there was an awful screech, and something went whirling round the house like a pack of dogs. 1 heard them bellowing and grunting in the back, and ran upstairs to look. I looked out of that window"-he pointed to the room where Mrs. Bochford ha4 slept the night before-" and I saw something like a herd of huge swine on Savary's grave, rooting* and snarling, and slavering in it, and then I slammed to the window, for some awful thing with a white face was there trying to save itself from those hellish beasts. The noise continued for five or six minutes, and then the sky cleared like it did last night, and I saw no more." "You have a cheerful imagina tion, my friend," said I; "but, pray, do you oouple this delectable story with your master's day of seclusion ?" Once more the ugly look came into his face. "Nay, I knew nothing of that; and it's no busi ness of yours either, though you are a doctor. Doctors cannot euro Major Molineux's oomplaint." " Then you think that ho is ill ?" " Not I; he'ff well enough." " Look ye, Bagally," X aaicl, de i termined to try a last chance, "you are too sensible a man to believe this nonsense about ghosts, and suicides, and hunted souls. 1 am a dootor; I shall be hero some days. I may be able to do your master good. Tell me"-and I exhibited another guinea-"what is the mystery in connection with Major Molineux ?" ! "He is possessed by a devil," said Bagally; and then, as if he had said too much, made for the houso with grotesque, uneven strides, and left me standing in the coarse grass that sprung from the dishonoured grave where the sui cide lay with a stake through his heart (Ttbt eantinuii.) 