THE STORY-TELLER THE ROMANCE OFSUHRISE DOCK. (COXTIXUED1) Cleaver listened in stunned dismay. Could Trelawney have really fallen in love with the little mountaineer ? He had adapted himself so readily to the habits of these people. He was so far from the world ; lie was dropping its cuams. Many men under such circum stances had fallen into the fatal error of a :u<\--$nlu>iur,\ Positively he might marry the girl. Cleaver felt it an imperative duty to make an effort to avert this almost grotesque catastrophe. In its very inception, however, he was hopeless. Trelawney had always bc-en so intolerant of control, so tenacious of impressions and emoiiens, so careless of re- \- suits and the opinion of society. There seemed only originalities of character when he was the leader of a clique of men of his own social position. Was Cleaver a snob be- cause they seemed to him, now that his friend was brought low in the world, a bull- headed perversity, a ludicrous eccentricity, an unkempt republicanism, a raw incapacity to appreciate the right relations of things ? In the delicately-adjusted balance of life is that which is fine when a man is up, folly when a man is down ? 4 She is a pretty little thing,' he said, slight ingly, ' and no doubt a good little thing. And, Trc-lawney, it I were in your place I wouldn't hang around her. Your feelings might be come involved — she is so pretty — and she i might fall in love with you, and — ' 'You've said enough !: exclaimed Trelaw ney, iiercety. It was monstrous ! Trelawney would marry her. And he was as helpless to pre vent it as if Fred intended to hang himself. Your railing at the women of society in that shallow fashion suggests the idea to me that you are trying to justify yourself in some tremendous folly. Do you contemplate marrying her?' 4 That is exactly what I propose to do,' said Trelawney. 4 And are you mad enough to think you are really in love with her?' ' Why should I not be? If she were dif ferently placed in point of wealth and station would there be any incongruity ? I don't want to say anything hard of you, Cleaver, but you would be ready to congratulate me.' 4 I admit,' retorted Cleaver, sharply, 4 that if she were your equal in station and appro priately educated I should not have a word of .objection to say.' 4 And, after all. is it the accident of posi tion and fortune, or the human creature, that a matt takes to his heart V 4 But her ignorance, Fred — ' Great God ! does a man fall in love with a society girl for the sake of what she calls her " education ?" Whatever attracts him, it is not that. They are all ignorant ; this girl's ignorance is only relative.' 4 Ah, voii know all that is besh, Fred.' 4 In point of manner you yourself must concede that she is in many respects superior to them. .She has a certain repose and gravity and dignity difficult to find among young ladies of high degree whose education has not proved an antidote for flippancy. I won t be \ hard enough on them to compare the loveli- i hess of her face or her fine, unspoiled nature. ; l"ou don't want her to be learned any more ' than you want an Azalea to be learned. An Azalea in a greenhouse becomes showy aDd r flaunting and has no fragrance, while here in i the woods its exquisite sweetness fills the air . for miles.' 1 4 Trelawney, you are fit for Bedlam. \- I knew you would say so. I thought so, too C first- 1 tried to stamP ifc out and Put 1 it down - an ir a inP time I fought all that e fopsl ill , , » j)oes gve know anything about your feel- h oi J 1 1 J Not one worn, as yet. « Then I hope something— anything— may fs happen to put a stop to it before she does. ' This hasty wish seefTHJd cruel to him atter- 1 ward, and he regretted it. ' .|| ft would break my heart/ lid Trelawney, I with an extreme earnestness. I know you think I am talking wildly, but I tell you it i X would break my heart. ; ft Cleaver fell to meditating ruefully uposi : Cfho future in store for his friend in this deso- iXtXi" King Corphetna and the beggar SaS"ektriamph of ideal contrast emi- ' : Ii,tir fascinating in an rdcai point of view. rfMt J natfp nresehts prosaSc corollaries— the ' SPCexampl c, on the familiar footing ST JiwnU'B brothers- in-law ; theoldorone ' his wife's grandmother ; thai effort ; he would always live here ; he would sink, year by year, by virtue of his adapt ability and uncouth associations nearer to fhp level of the mountaineers. This culminating i folly seemed destined to complete the ruin of j every prospect in a fine man's life. I Cleaver did not know what was to come, : anl he brooded upon these ideas. Chapter HI. j Those terrible problems of existence of which happmr men at rare intervals catch a fleeting glimpse, and are struck aghast for a moment, pursued John Cleaver relentlessly day by day. He could not understand this world ; he could not understand the waste of himself and his friend in this useless, pur poseless way ; he could not even understand the magnificent waste of the nature about him. Sometimes he would look with haggard eyes on the late dawns and marvel that the sun should rise in such effulgence upon this sequestered spot ; a perpetual twilight might have sufficed for the threnody, called life, here. He would gaze on Sunrise Rock, for ever facing and reflecting the dawn, and wonder who and what was the man that in the forgotten past stood on these red hills, and looked with his full heart in his eyes upon that sun and smote the stone to sudden speech. Were his eyes haggard, too ? Was his life heavy? Were his fiery aspirations only a touch of the actual cautery to all that was sensitive within him? Did he know Iigw this world was to pass away ? Did he know how little he was in the world ? Did he, too, ring his hands, and beat his breast, and sigh for the thing that was not ? He did the work that came to him con scientiously, although mechanically enough. But there was little work to do. Even the career of an humble country doctor seemed closed to him. He beean to think lip how it would end. He would be obliged to quit the profession in sheer manliness he would be obliged to get something at which he could work. A terrible pang here. He cared nothing for money — this man, who was as poor as the very mountaineers. He was vowed to science as a monk is vowed to his order. It was an unusual occurrence, therefore, when Trelawney came in one day and found that Cleaver had been called out profes sionally. He sat down to dine alone, but before he had finished carving, his friend entered. 4 Well, doctor,' said Trelawney, cheerily, how is your patient ?' Cleaver was evidently out of sorts and pre occupied. 4 These people are as uncivilised as the foxes that they live among,' he ex claimed irreverently. 4 A case of malignant diphtheria, a physician their nearest neigh bour, and they don't let him know till nearly the last gasp. Then they all go frantic to gether and swear they had no idea it was serious. I conld have brained that fool, Peter Teake. But it is a hopeless thing now." A premonition thrilled through Trelawney. 4 Whoris ill at Teake's ?' Cleaver was stricken dumb. His profes sional indignation had cancelled all realiza tion of the impending crisis. He remembered Fred's foolish fancy an instant too late. His silence answered for him. And Trelawney, a sudden blight upon liis handsome face, rose and walked out heavily into the splen dors of the autumn sunset. Cleaver was bitter with self reproach. Still he felt an impotent anger that Fred should have per suaded himself that he was in love with this girl, and laid himself liable to this senti mental pkin. 4 A heart,' thought Cleaver, scornfully. 4 That a heart should trouble a man in a place like this !' And yet his own well- schooled heart was all athrob with a keen, undreamed-of anguish when once more he had come back from the cabin in the gorge. As he entered, Trelawney, after one swift glance, turned his eyes away. He had learned from Cleaver's face all he feared to know. He might have learned more, a secret too subtly bitter for his friend to tell. King Cophetua was as nought to the beggar maid. In her dying eyes John Cleaver had seen the fresh and pure affection that had followed him. In her tones he had heard it. Was she misled by that pro fessional tenderness of manner which speaks so soothingly and touches so softly — as mechanical as the act of drawing off his gloves— that she should be moved to cry out in her huskily pathetic voice, 4 How good, how good ye air!' and extend to him, amongst all her kindred who stood about, \+ flimhuvnfiri lie wn 9 And after that she was speechless, and when the little hand was unloosed it was cold. She had loved him, and he had never known it until now. He felt like a traitor as he glanced at his friend's changed face, and he was crushed by a sense of the immense capacity of human nature for suffering. What a great heart drama was this, with its incon gruous and humble dramatis persons ; the little mountaineer and these two poverty- stricken stragglers from the vast army of men of action, deserters, even it might seem. What chaotic sarcasm in this mysterious ordering of events! Trelawney, with his grand sacrificial passion ; the poor little girl, whose fresh soft love had, unsought, followed another through these waste places ; and he, — tl .. ma>ntin n v h -i rvi 1 f nIC all ULlCUHbLiU ua? aucuiucu iu ihuiouj worldly considerations and the dying throe's of his dear ambitions. And now, for him, who had felt least of all, was rising a great vicarious woe. If he had known this girl's heart-secret while she yet lived, he might have thought scornfully of it, slightingly; who can say how ? But now that she was dead, it was as if he had been beloved by an angel, and was only too obtuse, too gross, too earthly- minded to hear the rustl ng of her wins. How pitiable was the thought of her misplaced affection ; how hard it was for his friend bow hard it was for him that he had ever discovered it. Did she know that he c&kJ; nothing? Were the last days of her shori; His embittered with the pangs of a con sciously unrequited love? Or did she tremble, and hops, and tremble agam? Ah, poor, poor, pretty thing I He had no name for a certain, vague, mys terious thrill which quivered through every fibre whenever he thought of that humble, tender love that had followed him so long, unasked and unheeded H began to hang | bout him now like a dimly-realised presence. ; Occasionally it occurred to him that his nerves were disordered, his health giving way, and he would commence a course of medicine : to forget it in his pre-occupation, and dis continue it almost as soon as begun. What | happened afterward was a natural sequence I enough, although at the time it seemed won- I derful indeed. One misty midnight, when these strong feelings were upon him, it so chanced that he was driving from a patient's house on the summit of the ridge, and his way lay beneath Sunrise Rock along the road which encircled the little graveyard of the mountaineers. The moon was bright ; so bright that the wreaths of vapour, hanging motionless among the pines, glistened like etherealieed silver ; so bright that the mounds within the enclosure — Was ifc the mist? Was it the moon beam? Was it the glimmer of yellow hair ? Did he see, leaning against the palings, restin' awhile,' the graceful figure he remem bered so ? He was dreaming, surely ; or were those deep, instarred eyes really fixed upon him with that wistful gaze which he had seen only twice before? — once here, where he had met her, and once when she died. She was approaching him ; she was so close he might have touched her hand. Was it cold, he wondered ; cold it was when he held ifc last ? He hardly knew, but she was seated beside him, as in that crimson sunset tide, and they were driving together at a frenz'ei speed through the broken shadows of the wintry woods. He did not turn his head, and yet he saw her face, drawn in lines of pallid light and eloquent with some untranslated emotion of mingled wonderment and pleasure and pain. Like the wind they sped together through the mist and the moonbeam, over the wild mountain road, through the flashino mnnntain waters down, down the steep slope toward the red brick house, where a light still burned, and his friend was waiting. He did not know wher she slipped from this side. He did not know where this mad pace was checked. He only regained his faculties after he had burst into the warm home atmosphere, a ghastly horror in his face and his frantic fright upon his lips. Trelawney stood breathless. ' Oh, forgive me,' cried Cleaver. 4 1 have spoken sacrilege. It was only hallucination ; I know it now.' Trelawney was shaken. 4 Hallucination?' he faltered, with quivering lips. 4 1 did not reflect,' said Cleaver. 4 1 would not have jarred your feelings. I am ill and nervous.' Trelawney was too broken to resent, to heed, or to answer. He sat cold and shivering, un conscious of the motive with which his friend, after a time, drew close to the table and fell to writing with furious energy, unconscious that in this moment Cleaver's fortune was made. And thns he wrote on day after day. So cleverly did he analyse his own mental and nervous condition, so unsparing and insidious was this curious introversion, that when his treatise on the 4 Derangement of the Nervous Functions' was given to the world, it was in no degree remarkable that ifc should have at tracted the favourable attention of the medical profession ; that the portion devoted to hallu cinations should have met with high praise in high quarters; that the young physician's successful work should have brought him sud denly to the remembrance of many people who had almost forgotten poor John Cleaver. No one knew, no one ever knew, its romantic inspiration. No one ever knew the strange source wheneeTte had this keen insight ; how his imperious will bad held his shaken, dis traught nerves for the calm scrutiny of science ; how his senses had played him false, and that stronger, subtler critical entity, his intellect, had marked the antics of its double self and noted them down. Among the men to whom his treatise brought John Cleaver to sudden remembrance was a certain notable physician. He was growing infirm now, his health was failing, his heavy practice was too heavy for his weakening hands. He gave to the young fellow's work the meed of his rare approval, cleverly gauged the cleverness behind it, and wrote to Cleaver to come. And so he returned to his accustomed and appropriate sphere. In his absence his world had flattened, narrowed, dulled strangely. People were sordid, and petty, and coarse- minded ; and society — his little clique that he called society — possessed a painfully-predomi nating element of snobs ; men who had given him no notice before were pleased to be noticed now; and yet the lucky partnership was covertly commented upon as the freak of an old man in his dotage. He was suddenly suc cessful, he had suddenly a certain prospect of wealth, he was suddenly bitter. He thought much in these days of his friend Trelawney and the independent, monqy-scorning aristo crats of the mountains, of the red hills, of the Indian summer, and the towering splendours of Sunrise Rock That high air was perhaps too rare for his lungs, -but he was sensible of the density of the denser medium. As to that vague and tender mystery, the ghost that he saw, it had been exorcised by prosaic science. Rut ifc made his fortune, it crowned his life, it bestowed upon him all he craved. Perhaps if she could know the won derful work she had wrought in his future, the mountain girl who had given her heart un asked might rest more easily in her grave than nn fTiarnrrht wlipn shehadeomefrfim am/inotlio moonlit mounds beneath Sunrise Rock, and onee more sat beside him as he drove through shadow and sheen. For whether it was the pallid mist, whether it was the silvery moon, whether it was the fantasy of an overwrought brain, or whether that mysterious presence was of an essence more ethereal than any, who can tell? In these days he carried his friend's interest close to his heart. He opened a way in the crowd, but Trelawney held back from the hands stretched out. He had become wedded to the place. The years since have wrought him aquiet, uneventful, not unhappy existence. After a time he grew more cheerful, but not less gentle, Snd none the Jess beloved of his -simple neighbours. They felt vaguely some times that since he first came among them he is a saddened man, and are moved to ask with sympathetic solicitude concerning the rews from his supposititious folks 4 down thar in ; the valley whar ye hails from.' ? The fortune m sheep-farming still eludes his languid pursuit;. Thered brick house is x disorganised and dilapidated as of yre a. sense of loneliness broods upon ifc, hardly less -intense than the loneliness of the mighty encompassing forest. Deep in these solitudes he often strolls for hours — most often in the crimson and purple eventides — along theroad that passes beneath Sunrise Rock and encirc.es the little graveyard of the mountaineers. Here Trelawney leans on the palings while the sun goes down, and looks with his sore heart bleeding anew upon one grassy mound till the shadows and the tears together blot it -from his sight. Sometimes his heart is not sore, only sad. Sometimes it is tender and resigned, and he turns to the sunrise emblazoned on the rock and fhinka of the rising Sun of Righteous ness with healing in his wings. For the scep ticism of his college days has fallen from him somehow, and his views have become primi tive, like those of his primitive neighbours. There is a certain calm and strength in the old theories. With the dawn of a gentle and hopeful peace in his heart, very like the com fort of religion, he goes his way in the misty moon-rise. And sometimls John Cleaver, so far away, as with a second sight, becomes subtly aware of these things. He remembers how Trelawney is deceived, and a remorse falls on him in the still darkness, and tears and mangles him. And yet there are no words of confession — there is nothing to confess. Would his con jecture, his unsupported conviction avail aught? Would it not be cruel to open old wounds with the sharp torture of a doubt ? And the daybreak finds him with these ques tions unsolved, and hisieart turning to that true and loyal friend, with his faithful, un requited love still lingering about the grave of the girl who died with her love unrequited. — Chap.les Edward Craddock, in Atlantic Monthly. 