Maut people are dazzled by the external flitter of things, altogether apart from their intrinsic merits ; so, also, are many people cajoled by dashing enterprise. The bold man often wins fame and achieves fortune, while the timid man provokes distrust aud lets tho chance of 1U1 IUUD DIUUG UIO glUD^f, .1; ** 1» uiou 1.1.U make chances j not every man can see them when they are made for him. The mediocre man plods toilsomely in a beaten track ; the man of genius cuts his own track. It is your magician who illusionises the senses of his dupes. Many people enjoy surprises; they care little about; the cost so long as the zest is supplied. That they are deluded goes for little if only they be delighted or dazzled. The clever deluder may reap his golden harvest. 'Who grudges his gains so long as he keeps out of sight the secret of hia tricks ? It is enough that sensations are produced, that the nerves are exquisitely thrilled. It is marvellous what sacrifices some people will make to witness sleight-of-haud tricks, especi ally if there be a lottery connected with them. Where there are few prizes few persons can win them ; but manv may be ambitious of the distinction, or greedy of the profit of winning. The heavier the risk, the greater the excitement. It is true that sensationalism cannot last long. The cleverest legerdemain, if often repeated, becomes stale ; hence the necessity for gambling auxiliaries, in the euphemistic form of 'gifts.' Even Professor Peppeb's startling ex periments would become uninteresting to many if witnessed several times ; to them science must produce novelty or lose interest ; but were the worthy Pro fessor to 'experiment' in a,' gift' sensation he would easily fill the lecture hall at the Minories every night. 'We do not advise him to degrade his own splendid natural qifts in that way. There is a pnoudo-virtue in the gift for which people pay, over and beyond its flattering sensationalism ; it has an attractive and cohesive virtue; it. draws powerfully ; it has, of course, a reciprocative virtue ; it pays both sides well. Ifuny of our readers doubt the ethical value of this opinion let, them study the complicated relations between the Queensland Ministry and their sup pprters within and without Parliament. ? ''I A', man's gif t . ' mdketh room for him.' The crowd has; gathered to the magician who can startle them with surprises and natter them with prizes, IU liUO IU1 Ul Ul IGCDj UUUtiaVLD, HUU things of similar, kinds. . Poes have been propitiated, and friends., drawn closer by the extent of official favours. The virtue of consistency haB been sacrificed to the ' necessity of cohesion'.' What matters, it, bo that self 'a ends be gained, if greed ? for prizes, do enslave moral sensitiveness. The politician of dash and exploit, who is dexterous in devising startling , innovations and lavish in bestowing favours, may easily Bustaiu a reputation for a time ; but it is a soaring reputation that may collapse someday like a rent balloon, and its very temerity constitutes its' 'peril. An aeronaut may, at any time, secure a crowd of spectators; sensation is. all they crave ; they ? will : pay their ad misaion' coins readily to eee him rise, and think the better of the investment if also they see him fall and break an arm, if not his neck ; pity for his folly and fate will then be their only emotion. Between the aeronaut and the wizard there is only a difference in kind; both make a living out of the popular craving for sensation. The wizard will get safely away, amid plaudits, with his profits ; the aeronaut may go up and come down nul't'iy— rttlso wuti proh'is. But scarcely one man iu ten thousand would have the nerve for either character. So, say i he admirers of dash and dexterity, our rare men of nerve and nous, who cau conceive, project, and accomplish stu peudous enterprises, ought to win for tune ; let the hands .of geuius be filled with wealth. What matters it who or what may suffer so long, as clever men reap their reward. . . , These clever men are magnetic men'; so far as their affinity reaches, it power fully operates. ? Skill attracts skill ; the combination may be perilous ; the aggregation of dangerous matter aug ments the element of danger ; for cleverness and conscientiousness have no uniform affinity. Many stupendous enter prises have been conducted with remark able skill, but with remarknble fraud. Men who are prodigiously ambitious, are under a constant temptation to be unscrupulous, and need, therefore, much watching. They are fond of surprises ; iti tney be ot a political turn ot imna, the surprise may be, this month, a new mail service; anon, a powerful syndi cate for some stupendous enterprise or another ; it may be the formation of a great banking corporation, or an auxiliary in the form of a huge land investment society ; it may be a pastoral investment company, or a Bteamship company. It is always something big, something startling ! We have scarcely recovered from one nervous shock ere another comes. Now, we really admire pluck and dash when they are well directed and disinterested. Large pro jects we are not afraid of if they be not in too few hands, nor worked for pri vate ends to the disadvantage of the commonwealth. But the concentration of several large enterprises in a few bands each with a strong firm grip, and all bearing a common family likeness, is not a desirable state of things ; especially if there be any ground to suspect that numerous 'coincidences ' have occurred to benefit that particular combination. Oua Sugar. Exports. — By the courtesy of tho Collector of- Customs we learn that th.i sugar exported from the Ciri to the 26th of August, from Brisbane, amounted to 76 tons, from Maryborough 334 tons, and from Mackay 75 tons. Mining at Gihi-ik.— Mr. Harden reports that he lias reoeived information by wire from Messrs. Crawford'and Hohde, the Secretaries to the O'Farrell and .South New Zealand 6. M. Oo., Gympie, that, at a special meeting of the shareholders, it was resolved to ereot a whim at onoe They farther report that the workings are at present dry, and prospects fair. Petty Ukjits Court — At the sittings of the Pnrtti Ttali+B finiivr vautar^DV nfrofnnrtn Tiaf/tVA Oolouel Bues and O. Spry, JJ.P., a verdict for the defendant with costs was given in the caEe of Adam Groshams v. H. Crompton, olaim damages caused by smoke rising from a chimney, £30. Mr. Rutledge appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr. Mein for the defendant. Theaiee Royal.— There was another good bouse at the theatre last night when the '? Woman iu White' wns repeated with the eamu suueeas as on Monday. Mr. WySiert Reeve' e performance bb Count Foseo is un doubtedly, wonderfully wrought out, and shonld by no means bo missed. The stage ar rangements are deserving of the greatuot praise, and Mr. Setxi^ht's scenery is all that oau Do desired. The ' Woman in White' will be re peated this ereuiug. TVmorrow ' Georgo Geith' will be givou with Mr. Wybort Eeeve in the title part. ; PiioruaBOE Pjsi'P.ie. — The entertainment at tion of Professor Pepper's interesting lecture on alchemy, and diorumio views of the war in Afghanistan. To-night and to-morrow the professor will, by special request, deliver his interesting lecture, in two parts, on astronomy, followed to-night by ' A walk through Lon don,' and to-morrow night by, for the first timo, ' A ramble through America,' The present series of entertainments will be ex tended until Tuesday next to allow of the "Pepper Ghost' being shown, the first produc tion of whioh will be on Friday evening, with BceneB from Pygmalion and Galatea. ! Police Coukt. — At the Police Court, this morning, before the Police Magistrate, and Colonel Bobs, J.P., one drunkard was fiued £1, with the option of twenty-four hours in the oells; and Joseph Clark was fined in a similar sum, with the same alternative, for being drunk while in ohitrge of a horse. James Hogan was summoned by tho police for allow, ing a horse to stand on the public footpath, and was mulcted in the sum of Is., with 3s. 6d. costs; and Alexander Smith was fined £1, with 3s 6d costs, for being drunk while in oharga of a horse and cart. Patrick Lloyd, for having, on the 11th instant, refused te re move his lioensed omnibus from the Exhibition gate when called upon by the police to do so, was fined £1, with costs. Henry Beezley was charged, at the instance of the police, with having, oa the 13th instant, illegally in- his possession or control certain native birds, to nit, four wild pigeons, the said date boing within the period that such birds are protected, con. traiy to the Act in such case made and pro vided. Mr. Ohubb appeared on behalf of the 'defendant^ and objected to the form of the summons, inasmuch as it said, 'illegally in possession,'' whereus the Aet provided that ' no person nhnll knowingly have in his posses sion,' &c; The bench qonsidered the objection fatal,. aud dismissed the oaae on the, under standing that a ftebh. information should be laia. xnomas rraiien, ior ieuvmg um norss aau cart ? unprotected, was fined £1, with 3s. 6d. oosts of court ? Railway Fbbiohts in yioioBiA.-pThe Mel bournu Argut of the 3rd August says :— ;','iThe Minister of Railway*, the geuoral manager,' and the traffic managers of the three railway systems have had the railway goods traffic undor con sideration. Among the ohangeB which have been' already decided upon are tho following : — Grain is to be carried at a uniform ohargo of ljd. par ton per mile, irrespective of dintauoe; agricultural implements will bo conveyed at a uniform rate, no dis tinction being mude with regard to tlio Sharactor of 'tho impUmont. Cheeae will also he oarriod at a lower rato. The minimum quantity haa boon reduoed from two tons to one ton. Refrigerating oars urb to be provided for the oarriaga of milk and dead moat. Milk is to be carried at a regular rate of 1b. 8d. per tin, irrespective of the number of tins despatched at u time. Doad moat is at present oonveyed at a rate of ljd. pur ton per mile, but when the refrigerating oars havo been provided an additional Id. per ton per mile will be charged for the extra accommo dation. Thu euburban goods traQlo is also to undergo considerable alterations. Goods are to bo conveyod within the iour- milo . radius at 2s. Cd. per truok, aud within tbo ten-mile radius at 6s per truck, the charge for the use of tho truck boing additional. On Friday noxt Mr. Bent and his ofHuers will revise the list of , passenger faros, and consider the advisableness of re-introduciug building, family, and work men's UokeU.' 