0UB ADELAIDE LETTER. From our fipoeial Correapoadent. Aukiaidk. ftuutouilmr 30. Of iata oiHtiois politic*! Imve been unusually lively. First n« U-ui « no confidence debate on the financial policy of the Government which gave them a thorough victory, and then a long weari some discussion on the absurptiou of loan premiums and the proceed* of land sales as revenue. The budget speech discussion ia conciudfcd, the estimates nearly ail p-tssed, nod uotices of motion given with respect to the uow taxatiou schemes pro posed by the Government. These tuitions are three iu number, proposing wi alter ation iu the incidence of taxation which every uieaiber is pledgwl to support, a tax of 8ixpeuce in the £ 011 the assessed annual mine of laud, and in respect of the anuual profit or gaibs arising or accruing to any person from ell otber property; but no person shall be liable to pay whose property in the aggregate is worth, or assessed at less than £30 per annum. The third motion affirms the advisftbleness of throwing off the duty on various articles, with the object of bringing about a free breakfast tattle, and removing some of the impositions the agricultural and p.'.storal interests are subject to. These proposals are somewhat ditferent to those suggested iu the miuisieri*i statement, but it is generally admitted that they are better fitted to attain the end sought for — to make wealth and property bear a more equitable proportion of the expense of Government. To obviate objections on account of the alleged inquisitorial nature of the proposed tax, it is suggested that objectors should, if they preferred it, pay sixpence in the £ or five per cent, on the value of their property. Contrary to all expectation our little lords have agreed to make themselves more amenable to public opinion. The Legislative Council have passed the Constitution Act Amendment BiiL This measure has undergone an unprecedented amount of patchiug aud twisting in the Council, and is certainly not the Bill introduced by tbe Govern ment. It ia not too much to any that many of the amendments aud alterations proposed ware suggested with a view of compelling the Ministry to withdraw the measure, and they are consequently worthy of all commendation, for keeping the Council up to the mark in their profes sions of willingness to agree to a certain amount of reform. As the Bill was received from the Council and read a first time iu the House of Assembly, it pro vides for the division of the whole colony ?uto four electoral districts in the Council, each of which shall return six members, who shall retain office for nine years. This will increase the strength of the Council from 18 to 24 mau-bers. In the event of a measure passed by the House of AKsemoly in two parliaments being re jected by tbe Council, the Governor shall have power either to dissolve both Cham bers, or to issue writs for the election of not more than two additional members for each Council distiioi- This makes it possible that the members of the Council may be 32 in number ; but it is also prorided that no vacancy shall he filied up while there are 24 w more members. As the Council have thus afforded ail oppor tunity for the settlement of this vexed question of reform, it is sincerely to be Hoped that the Assembly will not endeav our to restrict the powor of the Council to any greater extent thau they have volun tarily agreed to. The Adelaide Exhibition is now only a memory. Iu spite of much opposition, active and passive, it was carried to a successful financial termina tion. Up to the last day the average attendance was sustained, and the pro moters boast that during the continuance of the big show the tickets taken almost equalled in number the population of the colony. Cousidering our numerical strength, this proportion was far superior, if tbe comparison is worth anything at all, to that realised in connection with the Sydney and Melbourne Exhibitions. There was no ceremouy observed ou the occasion, but the ehow, though virtually closed, is extended for another week, to enable exhibitors to dispose of their wares. The Mayor's prize to the exhibitor who had done most for any industry that was calculated to tend to national prosperity, was awarded to Mr. T. UarJy, the vigneron. It is worthy ot notice that the successful exhibit for the Emperor of Germany's prize at the Melbourne Exhi tiou was one of wines. At the financial settling up it was found that £10,430 15s. 7d. had been taken for tickers for admis sion to tbe Exhibition, from which deduct ing necessary expenses and charitable donations left tho net proceeds £9350 15s. 7d. Tha promoters have nut condescended to tell the public what prolit they made out of the rent and charges received truiu exhibitors aud showmen, but there can be no doubt that the whole affair has turned out a " good thing ' for them. We are now experiencing a suicidal mania, which after flourishing two or three weeks numbers as many victims as the small pox in Sydney. Several articles have been written on this subject in the daily and provincial press, and various hypotheses have been advanced in order tu account for the late alarming increase in the number of those who have laid violent hands on themselves. One theory has been advanced, which certainly derives more color from the facts than others that have been formulated. Several of the suicides have been ' freethinkers,' and it is not doing violence to the law of prob ability to credit the creed of negation with some influence on those who, 'rashly importunate,' have obtruded themselves upon the notice of the eternal. Our modern freethinking genus affects to a considerable extent the principles that actuated the old Stoic school of Zeno, and, as everyone knows, the doctrines of that philosophical sect were a veritable forcing ground for suicide — it was remarkable for the number of its adherents who died by their own hands. To attach a suicidal mania to the recent unwonted activity in our local ' Freethought Society' may be an illustration post hoc ergo propter hoc form of fallacy ; but if trees and philo sophical systems are to be judged by their fruits it is worthy of something more than an epithet of contempt. Calvinism, with its austere code of morals and awful theological dogmas, never produced such a crop as 'agnosticism,' and the most thorough believer in kimset would hesitate before he acted as certain individuals have done, who profess to regard matters religious as ' old wives' fables.' A slight eruption in the tailoring trade has ob truded itself on the public notice during tiic past week, and it m»y ba observed without attempting to perpetrate any small joke about 'knights ot the goose' not being worthy of the designation of men, that it does not place tho fraternity in a very manly light. In consequence of tho opposition of slop shops, a master tailor found himself unable to compete in the commoner arts of work when employ ing good tradesmen, so he engaged a tailor to instruct some females in the work. Thus give such umbrage that the Tailors' Society, after endeavouring to induce him to alter his decision, censured the women's instruction, withdrew the men from tho shop, and advertised, cautioning tailors not to take work in or from the shop. This trades union form of tyranny has had an unexpected result — it has acted as a good advertisement, and the result is that the employer's trade has increased considerably. In Victoria the worst appn-'fiensi''** a* to the next harvest, bavu been indulged 111. j The season has been -;?- dry tbal iu iirity districts iht- crops wiil not be reaped at all. Thu l'r«niit_T has delivered his liuan cial HtaUMiiotil tn the Assembly, anil it must bo ci.nfcsv.J tliai if tiio state of the puhl'C tny.«iDUi J»r-» ae dcf^.nhorf the cRMlgu in tbe ugiinc did uot o«cor a til too boon. Mr. Graham Barry, ru the nsnlt of hit predecessor's nkill ajid forethought, com t'.enewd ottioe with a considerable surplus, Miid Mccurding to the IhusfI deliverauceof Sir Hey an O'Loughlin at tbe trtid of tbe late tibiiiicia) year, thore will be a. deficit of at least £o89,000. The estimated raven ub for the aezt year was £5,241,544, while tbe estimated erpendium; showed a deficit of nearly £40,000. The Govurnmeut proposed raising a four Haitians loan, two ami a half miUious of which are to be expended on railway extension. If Parlia ment agrees tu this proposal, the total indebtedness of the colony will be over twenty-six and a half millions. An extra ordinary robbery, which has exercised tbe oiiuls of the police au-l tho officials of the Bank of Victoria, occurred » Week or two &go.; In souie occult nuuiuer a bundle of aoles, consisting of £1500 iu large notes, besides several hundreds la smaller ones, disappeared after passing through tke teller's hands. Tiie Bauk offered £500 fur the discovery of the thief or thieves, bat hitherto without avail. The police have also failed to utuke anything out of it beyond *? the clue ' we so frequently hear about; but which generally comes to nothing. When first called in they wanted to an eat some '-ffi.;i;ils of the bank ; would lake the responsibility ; but the offer v.aa deciiitdd, aud «(-par--«tiy rightly s--, for the utmost iuqmrita h:ive failed to sheet home the crime to the uusjnicted parties, suid an action fur damages would certainly prove ao aggravation of the original luss iu the estimttiioii of the sharehultiors. The JVfrtttouroe police, e-nuiaiiug ihe example set by their Adelaide brethren, a few days ago took proceedings agaifist the Salv-tt-iou Army for creating a disburbance in the streets by their processions and gatherings. The Captain was summoned to the City Police Court, and after being harangued by the Bench was toid to go aud siu no more for if he did tlm secular power »ill be brought to bear upon hint iu a very un pleasant fashion. An appeal wes after wards made by the friends of the Army to tbe Chief Secretary, with the result that thopolicewere most uumistakeably snubbed and directed not to interfere with the army's operations except under sjjocial conditions. The Army, with just a touch of human nature, have celebrated their triumph by wore processions and louder trumpet blowtrica. A ghastly occurence happened at Killia, near Mooroopna, laat week. A young farmer named Robert Alexander Alexander cut his foot severely with an axe while oui grubbing. The man who was with him placed him under a tree and started off for a. doctor. During the abseuce the unfortunate ouau, presum ably demented by tbe resolution that his brother a short time previously had died a painful death from the effects of a similar accident, attempted to cut his throat, mid failing in his object by tliis means, worked himself round to where a loaded gun was leaning against the tree and blew the tup of Jus hoid off. The New Sooth Wales Legislative Assembly is still engaged on the Licensed Victuallers Bill, the second reading of which has been agreed to by 54 votes to 5. In committee an attempt will be made to eleiniuate the local optiou principle, but Government have m' minted lti.it iiltiinu^h '. willing to accept »iodilii_ inr,n=; tVi^y ?y:' ? slick tu the principle. During the (iisciis- j si-.iM au ftiuusin;» y.ssag»i a:, ariiis to: k ! place between Mr. David Buchruia.i, ti.f ' well-known protectionist advocate and men: bor for MudgfH.-, ami Mr. Jchti Davies. It is generally umlerati.oJ that some years agi- Mr. luichanan. although a man of unusual ab:lity, fell into very dissipated habits and met with tlie usujiI tuateriril experiences of persons iu thai, condition. FortunuU-ly for him ttie mem bers of a tejuperanct! oi-(j.-i:i:sation got hold of him, aud he was taken out of the '? slough jf despoud ' and assisted iuu- his proper position. When therefore in the discussion on the Bill he expressed his disapproval of the measure, it was not to be woudered at that his attention should be directed to his earlier experiences. This self-imposed duty was undertaken by Mr. Davies, who did not mince matters if he did deviate slightly from the strict liue of truth. Mr. huchuutiu waxed warm, and both hoi;, members hud to be called to order. During the recent voyage of the immigrant ship Nineveh a practical joke was perpetrated, which has since leu to uuhappy consequences. One of the young female immigrants dressed herself in n white sheet, pretending to be a ghost, and at dead of night sttlked among the sleep ing gir.'s, whom she aroused. In one instance the shock was so severe that the feirl lost her reason and became hopelessly insane. She was examined on the arrival of the ship by a inedicul man, on whoso certificate she bus been seat to thu asyium. The matter has been taken up by the immigration Board, and it is very 'tikejy that the- thoughtless joker will find herself in an unexpected predicament. In couse ?ineuee of the recent exposures by tne Press of tbe muddling of the Board of Health, the officials have declined to supply the reporters with any information whatever. This determination oi the Board hail au unexpected eifoct, for the represeutativjs of the Press have system atically interviewed thp released patients from the quarantine bt.it ion, iuiii as these are pery bitter in couse']ue'ice of the tre;itm-mt received, the bluu ieriog in capaeiiy aud harsh ii.'s,, of tda Biwi-il have bten brought uut in strod^oi ivlit-f tlian if Uiu iiif.ji'iuolion had botu su;n-iiod ofijdally. 