THE MYSTERY OP MAJOR MOLINEUX BY MARCUS CLARKE. CHAPTER IV. IN another instant I was at the head of the stairs, but paused in my onward flight, for the sounds issued from the room occupied by Beatrice and her mother. filrs. Rochford was lying on the floor senseless. Ringing the bell furiously, I raised her to her bed, and, with the assistance of the old woman, whom the cries of the unhappy lady, not less than my im- ?>ortunate summons, had brought to .he spot, I succeeded in restoring her to consciousness. Her first •words were : " Is it gone V " What r I asked. " The white face at the window !" said Mrs. Rochford. " That imploring, maddened face!" " What can she mean V I asked Mary Pennithorne, but the old ..woman, moping and mowing, made no reply. "See, madam," I said, flinging wide the lattice, " the storm has passed, and with it the cause of your alarm. Some leafy branchlet carried by the wind, perhaps even some more wrathful gust than usual, has, while rousing you from sleep, given form to a, passing dream. Look, the sky is almost cloudless." And, - in truth, the tempest had, during the time we had been occupying ourselves with the frightened woman, quite passed away. The scene was one of exquisite peacefulness. The clouds had almost withdrawn, and the wet trees aparkled in the beams of a glorious moon, which rode high in a serene heaven. All felt the influence of the scene. .Beatrice, sunk in her stupor, alone was ignorant alike of sounds and sights ; but her mother composed herself with a smile at her former fears, and, as I sought my comfortable couch, I felt that science and sentiment alike bid me laugh at the ungrateful fancies which an atmosphere surcharged with electricity could breed in a brain usually so cool as mine. The excitement of the day caused me to sleep longer than my wont, «nd it was nearly eight o'clock when I awoke. I discovered by the hot water jug, with its carefully placed towel, that the rude valetage of Bagally had already been exercised in my chamber, and, before I had completed my toilette, the old servant introduced himself with the compliments of his master, and information that breakfast would be ready for us in half-an-hour. Captain Rochford had already arrived, and with him I visited the sick room. Beatrice was still insensible, but Mrs. Rochford was up and dressed. Rochford laughed at her story of the ghost, and, gathering' courage from my assurance that the patient was progressing favourably, we went down to breakfast in something like good spirits. Major Molineux received us with mors than courtesy. He lamented the accident, but trusted that the skill of a surgeon so well known as myself, and the careful attention of a mother so devoted as Mrs. Rochford, would soon restore his fair guest to her wonted health. " I'm afraid," he said, as he as sisted us to the dish before him, " that my poor house is but gloomy place for a convalescent, and I trust that Miss Rochford's •convalescence may be early. Such as are the resources of the place, however—command them. I regret that I was unable to render you any personal assistance yester day, but I must compensate for my enforced neglect by devoting myself to all jour services during the next few days." The language was of the politest, but there was no mistaking its meaning. Rochford and I looked at each other. It was quite evident that Major Molineux did not desire that we should pass another Thursday under his roof. " I trust that Miss Rochford may be able to travel to her own home before this day week," said I, somewhat pointedly. " In the meantime, let me thank you for the courtesy with which we were received, and especially for the hospitality of last night." The hand with which the Major was lifting the tea-cup to his lips trembled slightly, but he said, -merely, "It was a wild night—a night of storms. I trust you were not disturbed." "I was most terribly disturbed," said Mrs. Rochford—I think I have said that she. was not a woman of much force of character, or quickness of apprehension—" I had the most shocking dreams. *A white face at the window—" "Nonsense, Mary," interrupted Rochford; " you were nervous." " There is no one in the housebut myself and the two servants," said the Major, who had completely regained his composure, "and I am sure neither of them would have the temerity to disturb your slumbers. Pray," he added, turning in stiff condescension to old Bagally, " have you been amusing yourself by terrifying my guests ?" The old man seemed dumbstricken. He tried to speak, but words failed him. Lifting up his hands with a gesture of terror, he made for the door, and^turning as he went, displayed again that wolflike savagery of aspect, the which I had observed on the previous night. "A curious fellow," said Major Molineux," cracking the shell of his egg, " but faithful. An old convict, of course. I have touched some tender chord, perhaps." Perhaps he had, for Dame Pennithorne waited upon us during the rest of the meal, and even brought the Major his cigar-case when we found ourselves in the dilapidated but spacious verandah, prepared to seek the solace which, in those days, was supposedto lie in Manilla tobacco. The conversation, of course, was of the accident audits results. The prospects of the patient's recovery the punishment to be meted out to the self-indulgent bullock-driver, the qu ality of" Sultan's temper, and the equestrian skill of Miss Rochford, were all debated in turn. A learned discussion was held upon fracture of the skull, and I was compelled to illustrate as best I might the operation of the trephine. At last exhausted with surgery, and convinced that he was thoroughly competent to treat a similar case should he ever meet with one, Rochford betook himself to visit the scene of the accident, and left me alone with our host. Major Molineux seemed? uneasy. He got up and paced the broken tiles of the piazza floor, talked of twenty things in a breath, and flung away his half-consumed cigar, only to light another an instant after. " You are restless this morning," said, willing to gain, if I could, some information concerning the mysterious seclusion of yesterday. Did you not sleep well ?" " Oh, yes," returned the Major, indifferently," I slept well enough," and then he fixed his eyes on the wall behind me with that strange stare of which I have already spoken, and wiped from his brow some large beads of sweat which had suddenly appeared there. " I seldom sleep very soundly." " Indigestion, I suspect," I continued, in a careless tone. " A man who eats enough for two people jit about midnight can scarcely wonder if he suffers from nightmare." With a visible effort my interlocutor withdrew his gaze from space, and looked me in the eyes. " Then you saw Bagally with the tray," said he. " I am ashamed of my voracious appetite," he added, with an attempt at a smile, " and try to laugh myself out of my gluttony by demonstrating to my actual vision that I do, in fact, partake of a double portion of food." "Your notion is ingenious, but I fear that you will never effect a cure by its means. Let me feel your pulse." He gave me his wrist. The ' hand was hot and dry, the pulse full and bounding. " I will write you a little prescription which may do you good. Give me a sheet of paper," and I led the way to the library. "There," said I, folding the sheet; "though I saw Wood* ville and Sowerby on your shelve I doubt if you are fully acquainte with the virtues of the lily tribe." " You have been among my books, then," said the Major, looking round. " I have, and am surprised to find so excellent a collection of works in—pardon me for saying it —so unexpected a place." " Books are my only companions," said Major Molineux, and, as he spoke, he scanned the table a little nervously, as though to see which of the volumes had attracted my attention. Determined to penetrate the secret which I was now convinced existed, I pressed my advantage. " I see that you study the higher mathematics. This calculation on the variation of parameters is not made by a school-boy, while here"—and I lifted from the table a sheet of paper—"is something headed,'Probability that an event observed several times in succession depends upon a cause which facilitates its reproduction," in which the calculation is made by finding the equation of the logarithmic curve." Major Molineux changed colour, and took the paper from my hands. " I did not know that I had left the records of my folly thus carelessly exposed," said he. " The fact is that I have always been a lover of anything which approaches an exact science, and the calculation "of probabilities is a fascinating subject. I am foolishly fond of it," and, as he spoke, he tore the paper into pieces and flung them into the basket at his feet. " Some men say that mathematicians are mad," I said. " If this be so, you have the antidote as well as the bane, for seldom have I seen, even in the libraries of my professional brethren, so fine a collection of works on Mental Disease as that which I examined last night." I had gone too far for his patience. "Doctor Fayre," said he, "you are my guest, and my house is at your disposal so long as the illness of my old friend's daughter compels you to remain in it; but let me remind you that an old man who lives by choice a recluse may have sought such seclusion, in order that he might be spared these very comments upon his private tastes which you have just been pleased to make," and, bowing stiffly, he left the room. CHAPTER V. HE did not appear that day, nor at breakfast the next morning. I felt that I deserved the reproach which his absence conveyed, and was angry with myself for having so far permitted my curiosity to outrun my discretion. But the more I reflected upon the circumstances of the case, the more convinced did I become that Castle Stuart held within its walls some mystery of mind or body upon the lil^e of which it was not given to man to frequently look; and, despite the Major's rebuff and my own self-consciousness, I resolved not to abandon my quest. In pursuance of this resolution I sauntered out into the garden the next afternoon, thinking to fall in with the old servant. I was not disappointed. I found him standing in a little glade, or opening in the brushwood, staring with all his might at the upper windows of the house. " What interests you ?" I cried, taking a guinea from my pocket. " Can you not spare time for a little friendly chat ?" He looked nervously about him, pocketed the gold piece, and, pointing to a coarse patch of verdure at his feet, whispered: " It was here he did it." " Did what ?" I asked, " Cut his throat," said the old man, " and they buried him here, with a stake through his heart. But that can't hold him." " What do you mean, man ?" I asked, experiencing a fresh" access of horror at this hideous and unexpected story. " Who is buried here?" " Savary,the forger; him as found his wife gone as well as his liberty. This was where he saw them walking. The Captain was a handsome man, and Mrs. Savary had been a beauty, they say. She died mad for all that," and he laughed the discordant laugh of one wjjose experience of life has been of the sort to make him rejoice in others' woe. " What was the Captain's name ?" " Tremaine. He was the Major's brother-in-law. Hes dead too, and. Savary will soon see them all out." " Does his ghost walk, then ?" I asked, attempting a laugh; but the day was cloudy, and a cold wind seemed on a sudden to chill me. " Ask Mrs. Rochford. She saw him last night. Listen. Two years ago I was sitting up with the old hag in the kitchen, when I heard the door-bell. It was blowing a storm like it was last night, and the wind went shrieking round the house as if it wanted to get in and tear us. It was the Major's Thursday, and I daren't go near him for my soul. I crept to the door, thinking some traveller had got out of his track, for no one who knew us would come to Castle Stuart; but before I could open it there was an awful screech, and something went whirling round the house like a pack of dogs. I heard them bellowing and grunting in the back, and ran upstairs to look. I looked out of that window"—he pointed to the room where Mrs. Rochford had slept the night before—" and I saw something like a herd of huge swine on Savary's grave, rooting, and snarling, and slavering in it, and then I slammed to the window, for some awful thing with a white face was there trying to save itself from those hellish beasts. The noise continued for five or six minutes, and then the sky cleared like it did last night, and I saw no more."- * "You have a cheerful imagination, my friend," said I; "but, pray, do you couple this delectable story with your master's day of seclusion ?" Once more the ugly look came t into his face. " Nay, I knew nothing of that; and it's no business of yours either, though you are a doctor. Doctors cannot cure Major Molineux's complaint." " Then you think that he is ill ?" " Not I; he's well enough." " Look ye, Bagally," I said, determined to try a last chance, " you are. too sensible a man to believe this nonsense about ghosts, and suicides, and hunted souls, am a doctor; I shall be here some days. I may be able to do your master good. Tell me"—and exhibited another guinea—"what is the mystery in connection with Major Molineux ?" " He is possessed by a devil, said Bagally; and then, as if he had said too much, made for the house with grotesque, uneven strides, and left me standing in the coarse grass that sprung from the dishonoured grave where the sui cide lay with a stake through his heart. (To be continued.) 