OUR LONDON-LETTER. I LonOO}?, 26th August. I ' ino long, clay's task is done, and we may sleep' might fitly have beon tho Shakspearian quotation with which Mr Gladstone would signaliso the close of the present session of Parliament. Opening on 6th January, it has stretched itself out 'to the end of August, aad its length has been made to appear . oven arflntar fchnn thn rftftlif r hv t,h« mnnrttrinnna charaoter of its deliberations. Ireland aad Irish affairs have been the one topic of dis cussion,. relieved now ' and then, but not dis placed, by such matters as the Transvaal and Mr Bradlaugh . The session will for ever be memorable as the one in which tbe Irish Land Bill passed into law, a result owing to the untiring energy, exhaustless resource, matchless eloquence, and undaunted patience of one man. Mr Gladstone1 has surpassed even himself. His grasp''' of' the' whole sub ject has been marvellous/'- for 'while he had the microscopic eye for'theimallest detail, tie never lost sight of the broad general prin ciples on wbich the measure had been framed. These have been preserved intact even after a tussle with the House of Lords, who proved again the truth of the old adage, in which prudence ' is described as the better part of valor. The Act now goes to Ireland as a ' message of peace' and the position is very ?well described in Punch's lines to Gladstone this wqek, which accompany the cartoon 'Oilt. of the Wood !' — - . Good Knight ! Though grey, of strength and truth, Wbich shame the force and faith of youth, i A triumph won right well ! Oh 1 may It bring lov«, peace, aud rest To her for whoai thine arduous guest Was urged,'gainst sword ana spell 1 London is almost empty, that is, the great ones who make up its West End population. Very nearly the last dinner has been given and windows everywhere papered up indicate the owners' absence on the continent, in Scot land, or off to America, where large numbers bow take their autumn holiday. The annual feast of Mr Grouse has been duly observed,and large bags. are reported from the moors. The weather just now is anything but pleasant, and grave fears are expressed regarding ^t tie har vest. iBread is already dearer in anticipation, btit'thanks to freetrade, which opens^ur ports to American corn, tho question of a- good or bad harvest in England is not now of the con sequence it once was. Yesterday the Queen, en route for Bal moral, held a review of Scotch volunteers in Edinburgh. The rain which had been falling for three days made the review ground into a swamp. 'At some points the men were%ancle deep in water, and the day will long be re membered by those who were present. The total force on the field was over 40,000 men, forming a spectacle the like of which has not been seeniu Scotland for moro than 'five hnnHrad vnnrn. This ' very brilliant and enterprising age -of ours has certainly dared many things of more than. Promethean rashness, things before which our un-idea'd Philistian fathers would have shuddered in dismay. The ' Pale Galilean' has been discovered, for example, and tbe Cytherean reseated on her ancient, throne;. Byron has been 'selected'; Shelley' has received immortality as 'one of; Lord Beaconsfield's heroes.' Lord Roseberry has lectured our painters on art, and Dord ; Ran dolph Ohurchill has lectured the Prime Minister on politeness ; the Lion of North ampton has lain down with the Lamb of the Church of England; and Sir Charles Dilko has kissed the Queen's hand. But the crown ing glory of our epoch has been reserved for a lady. In her the ' exulting thunder of our race' finds its loudest and most jubilant diapason,. It has been announced that Miss Braddon is about to publish in penny num bers an abridged edition of Sir Walter Scott's novels. The force of nineteenth century nature can no further go ! Surely we may now say, as Mr Roseleaf- said to his wife, when the young gentleman with the cold had made an end of his song, ' After that, my dear, it doesn't much matter what we have.' ' Gie us a guid conceit o' oorsels' is said to be the typical Scotehman's prayer. This is what an Oban journal says about the town in which it is published. ' Iu God's wide universe, we think, there is nothing to com pare with Oban. W e have the charms of sea side residence, with the beauty and stillness of a pastoral district. We have, &c.;, &c;,' ' In short we can offer inducement to visitors few health or pleasure resorts can equal, and certainly none surpass.'' , Here is a characteristic story of the Prince of Wales. At the Portsmouth athletio sports a competitor who had a fair prospect of winn ing a prize, met , with a mishap, which dis abled him, but had the pluck to still try to continue the race. His Royal Highness saw the incident, and more than compensated the man for his misforsune by giving him a sovereign out of his own pocket. There now ' appears to be no doubt that the Prince of Wales has within the lest week passed through a somewhat critical stage. It is well known that persons who have suffered from typhoid fever are always liable to fresh at attacks, and it was feared the illness which laid the Prince down on Thursday last wa9 a relapse of this kind. It turned out however to be nothing worse than a slight attack of ague whiob, being_promptly deolt with, was overcome. The Queen bus gone to Balmoral to stay till the end of November. If the length of stay in the northern castle could be decided by the votes of tho household in attendance, I venture to think a much. earlier date would be named for the roturn to a Warner latitude. But Her Majenty is inured to cold, and is happy where maidB of honor and equerries shiver. Most of the large London theatres are at present shut or occupied by 'scratch' .com panies, tbe regular troupes doing a starring tour in the provinces. Mr Irving is at 'pre- sent enjoying .'a' holiday amid the beautiful scenery of Antrum, but it is to open in Liverpool, on September 3, where be takes the compnny, scenery, and accessories from the Lyceum. A KAN named Robert Marshall has been frightfully Injured in an unprovoked assault by a navvy named Doyle, at Albury. He is in a dangerous state in tbe hospital, with ten gaping wounds in bis head, caused by Doyle's boots. Postage Rates.— Tbe Postmaster-General, in ad' dressing a meeting at Goulburn, expressed hinself In favour of a uniform penny postage throughout the colony, and the abolition of mail subsidies, and hoped the colony would enter into the Berne Convention, the ob ject of wbich was to establish a uniform postal rate of od. Arrangements have beeu made to expedite the car riage of mall8.through the United States, .'and an en deavour was also being made to induce the United States Government to contribute towards the eoet of the present seryice. lie I elieved the date was not far dis tant when the Government would find themwlrei in a position to establish a uniform , penny postage through out the colony. The time would not be vary, remote when our maiia would be carried.witbout subsidies,. 1 He stated that he understood that the Victorian Government had entered into arrangementa with the Meesagerles line. . ? A flitt ha« been introduced into the New 1 Zealand Parliament intended; to suppress : what aro called ' Society ' . papers. , The following aro tho two principal clauses of the modsure : — -' Any nowspapers containing matter referring to the domestic affairs, busi ness engagements, or ooncerns of a private character of any persons residing in New Zealand, the publication of whioh matter is not authorised by such persons, and whether such person is iudicatod by name or otherwise; and the publication of which matter shall not, in the opinion of the justices before whom any penalty may be sought to be enforced (? be justifiable), shall be deemed to be a scanda lous newspaper within the meaning of this Act. If any person shall print, publish, or sell any scandalous newspaper, every such person shall for the first offence forfeit a sum nbt exceeding; £5, and any subsequent can viction for a, like offence a sum not exceed ing .£100, and shall be liable to imprisonmen with or without hard labour for a period not exceeding 12 months.' The New Zealand press appears to regard the bill as a joke. \ In the August number of the Nineteenth Century, there is a paper by 'Viscount Sber brooke, on the Bankruptcy Law of England, in which he advocates its abolition, and gives the following startling reason :—' If I -am | asked what I would put in its place, ? I answer without hesitation — Nothing. I can not see that we require anything more except 0 very considerable shortening of the Statulo of Limitations. If you want to make or keep people honest, you should above all things aroi I putting severe aad drastic remedies in the hands of the creditor. It is quite reason able to trust a man for his wealth, bis ability, his :honesty, or'hiB industry ; but every day's experience shows us that nothing is so unsafe as to trust your money to the fear of disgrace or punishment. The effect of snch a law would, I believe, be most salutary ; with nothing but the estate of the debtor to look to there would be fewer, bad debts-; trade would be more snfely and therefore more profitable managed ; and the ridiculous notions as to the pecular wickedness alter nately imputed to borrowers and lenders would be for once and ever exploded. You cannot call back what is lost, but you may make it less by. bankruptcy. It is better that debts should be paid unequally than that the property should be destroyed in the effort to ascertain an equality which yieldB a purely metaphysical and imaginary satisfaction to the thirsty creditor.' Volunteers at Waqqa.— The following has been rceeived by Mr Collins, of North Wagga, who has taken great interest in the volunteer movement, in answer to a letter sent by the committee making the necessary inquiry as to what steps ; were to be ; taken towards the formation of a. rifle croups: — 'Brigade Umce, Sydney, 29tli September, 1881\. Siriji — I am directed by the Command ant 'to acknowledge the receipt of a communi cation dated the' 27th instant from a com. mittee appointed at a public meeting held in Wagga Wagga for tho' formation of a volun teer; corps :'in that town, and to state'in reply that the. Commaudent is desirous of being informed whether it is sought to form a corps under the new volunteer regulations, in .wliifih the principle of granting payment for service rendered is affirmed, or 'upon the basii; of. a purely volunteer organisation. The. Governs ment furnishes arms and accontremeritsbnly. When replying to this query, a. nominal roll of those joining should also bo furnished,, when the application for the formation of th? corps will be submitted for the consideratio'n of the Colonial Secretary. I have the honour to be, sir, your obedient servant, W. B. Christie, Lieutenant-Colonel Major of Brigade.' We learn that since the above letter has, been received the committee': he ve come . to the deeisiongto have the corps ^established under what is understood at\ the new regulations, by which payment will be made for tho services of those seeking to join. — Advertiser. During the voyage of the immigrant .ship Nineveh, (says the S. D'. Telegraph) one of the female passengers died, and for some time afterwaids an alarm- waB nightly oc casioned by a supposed ghostly visitant, which kept its vigils in the single girls' com partment of the ship. The spectre was that of a female form robed in apparel similar to that worn by the deceased in life, and the white face and thin hands, of the apparition heightened the fears of the girls that it came from' the unseen world. The ghost would make its appoarance at 3 o'clock in ^ the morn ing, and glide right round the berths, touch ing the faces of the awakeaed sleepers, who were too paralysed with fear to call out or seize, the figure, which, however, always seemed to have two much resemblance to corporeal proportions to be a spirit of health or goblin damned. At last: the general terror became so much increased that a number of girls were too mnch afraid to go to bed, and one night kept watoh in company until the ghost appeared as usual. A rush was made to capture, it, but in the confusion the female who had so long played her cruel practical joke in this guiBS, escaped to her berth, and when a search was made, positive proof of her identity was wanting. There was how ever, ; sufficient circumstantial eridenoe to nnttdfl tli A fltiandrtted nflrenn tn ha n)n-?air] nndar surveillance for the- remainder of the voyage and oftar : this, it is needless to say, tbe ghost was seen no more. A few days afterwards, however, another of the female immigrants developed symptoms of insanity, and her incoherent exclamations showed the fright concerning the alleged spectral appearances had preyed greatly upon, and perhaps un hinged, her mind. On the arrival of the Nineveh at ' Sydney the unfortunate, young woman was removed to Gladsville, where she is said to have become so ill that her life is in dau'gnr. An inquiry into the hoax per* pretated on the voyage was; made yesterday at- the Immigration Office, where official reticence i'b maintained ; but from what we have been able to glean from outside sources it was found impossible to sheet , home the reprehensible practices described to the sup posed culprit, so that is is difficult to see that anything further caa be done iu the matter. LKTTEa|CuTTtxa. — When the enormououns number of letters passing through the Post office daily and the; haste .of despatoh are considered it will be conceded that it is no easy matter to. ascertain with accuracy the exact number transmitted during- a, year' or any other given period ; and yet for satistical purposes this is not unfrequently an important matter. s^The enumeration is at present mentally performed by tbe stamper as the, letter pass under his hand?, and the methed is, of course, open to objection. ou the score of human fallibility. In order to render the process of counting infallible, Mr H. Fergu son, and Mr H. R. Eemde, of -the General JPosfc Office London, hare invented and pateuted a method whereby perfect accuracy is attainable eithor by. mechanical or eleetrie ruoaus. In the first case a small countefj similar to an engine counter, is placed in the head or handle of tho hand stump, and each time the stamper presses it upou a letter it is registered on the counter. At tho elose of the day the stamp is opened, the number of letters stampad, read off' unregistered, and the counter set ready for tbe next day's work Iu the second case, two methods have been devised for eleotrically effecting the object. In one, the striking of the ;inking pad causes electrical contaot to be made, which transmits a current to a counter similar to that of a gasmeter, and so registers every letter stamped. Tbe other method is similar iu principle, but a lever stamp is employed. This invention is ingenious, and has the merit of being both simple and effective, thus com mending itself to notice as a means of cor rectly registering the number of letters pass ing through the post. — English Paper. Books in the House.— Tho best, the most valuable furniture of any house, be it rich or poor, is the books which it contains. . Houses may contain magnificent {cabinet work, rare and antique carvings, and the costliest handi work in gold and glass, but all such are in animate, perishable, and doomed to decay. On the other hand, it is impossible to esti mate the living and lifegiviog power of one good book. How much more valuable, then, is a library of good books. The city of Cleveland, where ' President Garfield is buried,, lies westward, in Ohio, on one of the three railway routes- from New York to Chicago, the whole distance between those two great entrepots being uearly a thousand miles. Cleveland has about 160,000 inhabitants, according to the latest authority, which is Mr G. Robertson's edition) in 1878, of Appleton's Handbook of the American cities, for Australian travellers. Cleveland is termed the Forest City, from its profuBe street planting with trees. It has three cemeteries. The most important is the City Cemetery, and a beautiful one is termed the Woodlawn. Cleveland is near the magnifi cent expanse of Lake Erie, from which its water supply is derived. The city has grown very rapidly. During the last ten years the population has nearly doubled. A case of some interest to petsons sending sheep from Victoria into New South Wales was decided at tbe Albury police court on Tuesday. Allan Macvean was summoned under the Stock Act for bringing sheep into tbe colony from Victoria without producing a certificate from the Victorian inspector of stock for the district from which tbe sheep were travelled. Defendant pleaded ignorance of the law. The bench imposed tbe minimum penalty of 40s, with 38s 4d costs, but intimated that the lonness of the fine was not to be takee as a pre cedent. The maximum penalty is £50. Ciialmer'8 Church, Si. Kilda.— At the monthly meeting of the Melbourne Presbytery, on Tuesday, the report of the committee appointed to confer with the petitioners who. seceding from,. Chalmers Church, de sired to establish a new church-in East Melbourne, was called for. The Rev. J. Bsllantyne, as clerk to the committee, read tbe report, which was to the effect that in view of all the circumstances of the case they felt prepared torecoidmend that the prayer of the petition be granted, provided that the site of the proposed new church be submitted to the presbytery before it was finally chosen. Dr Macdonald moved that the report of the committee be adopted. Alter some further discussion, the motion moved by Dr M'Donaid was carried. Several amendments were negatived. Dr M'Donaid was appointed to'.preach to tbe new congre gation, and. the erderly room, Powlett street, was fixed as^ftemporar^jplace in which the members of the hew coii|^regation|shduId meet for worship. ;'vl&-' the notorious law suit, Shepherd v. Dibbs, an ap ftlicjtttoii ky.-- t)t^.def€bdant.:fiir leave to appeal to the 'Piljy 'Council was refused, with costs. 