AMUSEMENTS. OPERA il OUSE. . Donizetti's " Lttcrozia Borgia," tm opera which from til ^beauty ot' its melodics has always been popular, was pro dueed at tho Opera House last night bj' tho Montague Turner Opera Company, ¡md was successful in Ibu tho very largo aiidic-nco which assembled recallei the principals at tho closo of each act, an( otherwise showed that il was thoraighly pleasec with tho performance. But. from 'a musical point o view, tho performance was not entirely e success ; for, although Miss Annis Montague played Lucrezia-not onlj sang tlHvmusic, but neted the part ns it has not been dom hore for-verymany years-and Mr. Turner, Miss Lambert and Mr. Farloy were good, tho choruses were uneven, and thero was at times a want of that attention to dotai! ?which is as necessary in an operatic performance ns in a theatrical one. Thus, in more than ono scone chaii-s of thoroughly modern design were introduced, and one or-two of the bravos who seized Rust itrhcllo wore, not mediaeval Italian sombreros, but modern Knglish ".billycock" hats. Theso little matters seem unimportant, ."but they oxerciso no small influence, pleasurable or i otherwise, upon an ordinarily intelligent audience. Miss Montague pleased everybody, for not only did she, in her magnificent costumes, look tho part she played, but she sang the music and acted with electric force, which seemed to affect nil who appeared with her upon tho stage. She threw herself into her part, and so, with her flexible, accurate voice and undoubted dramatic talent, could scarcely fail to achievo success. Mr. Tumor's Genaro was good, but was of a lower order of merit than Miss j Montague's Lucreria. Mr. Turner certainly pleased his I audienco, and, considering his fine presence and impressive volume of voice, this is not to be wondered at ; but. ho j would have pleased still more had ho always sang in tune. Mr. Farley sang well, but acted so coldly that half thoellect of tho " Vengeance" song was lost. Miss Lambert made a picturesque Matfeo Orsini ; and Messrs. Johnson and Gordon, ns Rnstighello and Gubetta, played tho parts» better than they aro usually done. Tho opera will be repeated to-night. "Madame Favart"' was played at tho Theafro Royal last, night, as the last performance, of tho Musgrovo Comic Opera season. Miss, Laverne was encored for both her songs in tho first net, and Miss Stewart received a double recall forSuaanne's.pretty aria. Mr. Kelly and Mr. Har- wood-played forcibly and well, and the audience seemed to enjoy tho whole performance. To-night Miss Maggio Mooro-nnd Mr. J. C. Williamson will commence a dramatic .season by tho production o£ "Eureka," a pla}' written .expressly.for thom. At the Gaiety Theatre to-night "Belphegor" will bo produced. Mr. Dampior'o impersonation of tho motin to- orak has always been popular, and it remains to bo seen whether'oruiot iie has improved tho part during his visit to England. Littlo Rose Dampier will bo tho Henri of thc cast. " Ould- Erin,''an Irish drama founded on tho present state of flaflairs in Ireland, seems to havo taken as great a hold onrtko. popular mind as " Tho Shaughraun ',' ever did, for tb.e*Q.ueon's Theatre is lilied nightly by an apprecia- tive aniiieneo. Under these circumstances Mr. Walter Reynolds will keep his play on the boards until furher notice. Mr. D"Arcy Read's Ghost entertainment still draws well atthoT5ctoriaHnll. A fauewell benefit, tondorcd to Professor William Miller, athlete «and wrestler, of tho Sydney Gymnasium, will bo given at tho School of Arts this "evening. Besides dis- plays byprofessors Miller and D'Harcourt, the members of the Sydney Gymnasium will take part in tho entertainment, whiehris t» consist of wrestling, statues, parallel bars, hori- zontal bar, heavy dumb bolls, Grtcco-Koman wrestling, light and heavy Indian clubs, and foil and sinRle-stick fencing. Tho Hongkong Chinese Orchestra and Opera Company, consisting of '20 performers, will make its first appearance in Sidney at tho School of Arts on Monday night. Tho entertainment is to be an essentially Chinese one, Chinese musical instruments, &c.;, being employed. 