Wh gipsban* fljouipw. PUBLISHED DAILY. Thursday, August l8, 1881. TitE Estimates for the year 1SS1-2 have at length been laid before Parlia- ment, and as usual the Treasurer has suc- ceeded iu producing an anticipated excess of revenue over expenditure. The total estimated revenue for the year is set down at £1,901,000,or, excluding railway reserves transfer, £129,S57 greater than the actual receipts of 1SS0-1. The total expenditure is estimated at £1,835,754, or £7S,100 in excess of the total disbursements from tho Consolidated Revenue Fund last year. The Treasurer therefore anticipates a revenue incre- ment slightly exceeding seven per cent, while he estimates his disbursements will increase by scarcely four and a-half per cent, notwithstanding the addition of ¿£4:0,000 to interest on the public debt through tho recent floating of the balanco of the three million loan of 1S79. Turning to the details of the revenue estimate, the reader will find an expected increment of "£80,2-17, or at the rate of twelve and a-half per cent, from taxation. As the increase underthishead last year was at the rate of over nine per cent, and the current year has opened with more favour- able prospects than havo appeared for years past, it can hardly be held that tho Treasurer's estimate in this particular is excessive. Under Land Revenue a decrease is anticipated from auction sales and cash selection to the extent of £102,540, or nearly fifty per cent. From pre- emptive selection £20,000 is looked for instoad of £7808 received last year. From home- stead and conditional selection a frac- tional decrease is expected, and from pastoral and mining occupation a small in- crease. The total land receipts are set down at £535,000, as against £022,1-19 actually obtained last year. This estimate therefore is likely to bo realised. From Public Works and Services Mr. McIlwraith expects to receive some large increases. The Southern and Western Railway is estimated to yield £220,000, au increase of nearly £30,000 on last year's receipts. The actual increase last year from this railway was about £10,000, and the Stanthorpe line having been only opened in May, and the Sandgate line being expected to yield revenue from next February, the Treasurer's estimate from the Southern railway system ought to be realised. From thoCentral line£12G,000is expected, an increase of £33,370, or about thirty-five per cent. The actual increase last year over 1879-80 was £2S,152, and the progression has boen so steady for mouths past that possibly tho Treasurer's estimate will be realised. Thirty-five per cent ad%-ance upon last year, however, is a sanguine estimate, for it means that the revenue of the Central Hue must doublo in two years ; and as the opening of the Northern Peailway to Charters Towers will take some traffic that might otherwise go to the Central line, it would not bo sur- prising if this estimate should provo ex- cessive. The Treasurer expects tho now lines to assist revenue as follows : -Northern, £35,000 ; Maryborough, £25,000; and Bundaberg, £3000. The total estimated railway revenuo is £409,000, an increase of £120,430 upon last year's receipts. From the post office, £55,000, an increase of ovor £5000, and from telegraphs £42,000, an increase of nearly£4000, are expected. These anticipa- tions appear to be justified by prospects, as are also the triiling increases expected from harbour dues and escort fees. Altogether from Works and Services tho Treasurer estimates ho will receive £528,000, being £130,000 more than was received undor this head last year. It is clear that the Government do not contemplate large additions to tho public expenditure. Of the total anticipated in- crease more than one-half is in the form of interest upon tho public debt. Under schedules the expenditure is to be kept almost stationary at £122,005, the increase being only £163. Salaries to Ministers and Judges remain unchanged. Retiring allowancos havo been increased by £255 through the re- tirement of three officials. Public wor- ship remains at £250. £3092 paid last year to non-vested schools will bo saved this year. Grammar schools require an additional £1000, or in all £5000, and municipal and divisional endowments £S2,000, instead of £70,000 voted and £77,53S actually spent last year. Con- sidering that when last year's estimate was mado somo sixty Divisional Boards had just been created, the accuracy of the estimate is remarkable, and goes to provo that the rates havo been paid with ex- ceptional promptness. Under Executive and Legislative there is an estimated increase, due partly to the growing expense of Hansard, of which the reporting staff now costs £3070. The Colonial Secretary asks £299,407, an in- crease of £14,000, partly through an addition of forty constables, and bringing up the total number of officers and men in the police forco to 090. Tho remain- ing increases in this department aro in the Government Printing Office and under Charitable Allowances, tho former showing nearly £2000, and tho latter £0000 in- crease upon last year. The Agent General's salary is set down at £1500 instead of £1300 last year, and the secretary's at £800 instead of £G00. Under salaries voted from loan tho executive engineer in tho Loudon office is set down at £800 . in- stead of £600 as formerly. It seems therefore that a general advance in salaries in tho London department is contem- plated, the clerks also being all down for increases. Administration of Justice is to cost some £j00 less than last year, while Public Instruction will increase from £123,S44 to £129,893, or over £6000. Cue-half of this sum is saved, however, by the stoppage of endowmeut to non vested schools. The increaso arises prin- cipally through the employment of twenty eight additional teachers in Stato schools. In the Treasury the increase will be small-£2000, or just 2 per cent. Lands asks £74,910 instead of £04,759, an increase of nearly £10,000, chiefly for surveys. Works and Mines require £39,960, au increase upon last year of nearly £10,000, owing to a number of votes for buildiugs in various parts of tho country. Railways want £199,394, or £13,000 increase upon last year, chiefly on the Central line. No provision is, however, made for working the Maryborough, Bundaberg, and Northern lines, but this presumably is in- tended to be rectified in tho SupplemeuJ tary Estimates. The Postmaster-General asks £220,S63, an increase of £4G,000 upon last year, caused by the larger subsidy paid for the Torres Straits mail service, and an increase of £4000 in " conveyance of mails coastwise." Last year the postage paid by our Govern- ment via Melbourne-Galle and America was set down at £11,734; this year it appears as £2000 only. In this depart- ment a few salary iucreases are asked. It must here be observed that these expenditure figures aro approximate only. Still, on the wholo, the Estimates as printed are fairly correct, and there is every reason to hope that tho Treasurer will close the current year with a substantial credit balance. Hence it may bo presumed that uo revision of tax- ation will be proposed this year. The cablegram published this morning describ- ing the bad reception given to Gambetta at Belleville is characteristic of tlic people who in- vented the proverbial saying that "Nothing succeeds like success." The French are merciless in judging a man who fails, and Gambetta has recently failed to carry a projected constitutional change to which he had unreservedly committed himself. Belleville is the headquarters of the Reds, the turbulent quarter of Paris which ori- ginated the Commune. Gambetta has hitherto been the only prominent man in France who has been able to influence the Reds and yet com- mand the respect of the sober middle class. Tho former have not perhaps liked him, but they have followed his lead, in spite of the raving3 of the returned pétroleuse Louise Michel, and other violent incendiaries of the tame type. Much of his influence has no doubt been duo to the re- markable series of successes which have raised him from obscurity to the foremost position in Franco. That success has been marred, and the fierce revolutionary fanatics of Belleville have shown how the failure has weakeued his influence over them. But Belleville is not even Paris, and the tragedy of tho Commune made it very patent to tho world that Paris is no longer, poli- tically, France. The Republic, ¡6 may be hoped, no longer depends for its safety on the popular influenco of one man. To-day will be, in honour of the princes' visit, observed as a general and public holiday. Tho office of this paper will open at G o'clock this evening. The vessels of the squadron having boen thrown open to inspection, three steamers-tho Boko, Ipswich, and Kalara-went down to the Bay yesterday to afford the public an oppor- tunity of making the closer acquaintance of theso uno ships and their gallant crows. The morning was somewhat threatening, and neither of the Btoamers carried anything like its full comple- ment, moat people doubtless boing unablo to get away from other engagements. Tho Boko reached the Bay about 1 o'clock, and went along- side the Inconstant, where tho Kulara and Ipswich were already borthed. Tho excur- sionists very soon made their way ou board the ' big ship, and dispersod in nil directions, examining tho various fittiugs and appointments; tho big guns, Gatlings, and Nordenfeldts, as well as the Whitehead torpedo, all norning in for a share of attention. Tho numbor of mea throng- ing every part of the ship was particularly noticeable, and it was clear that only by tho closest attention to order and discipline could accommodation be found for so many. Tho Inconstant was careened considerably, and a party of men ou a small raft were busy scraping the marino vegetation from her sides below the waterlino, and several mon iu diving dresses wore working on her and on most of the other vessels cleaning the bottom. At a short distauco from tlio Inconstant a largo boat pulling fourteen oars, and armed with a small gun, was making good practice at a target anchored some distance out, whilst six or eight smaller boats with their lugsails sot woro oxcrcising on the other sido of tho ship B\ery fen minutes a puff of whito smoko from tho side of one or other of the mon of war, the loud report, and repeated splash of tho ball as it neochotted across tho Bay, showed that target practice was boiug carried on, and tho wholo sceno was ono of actn lty and life such as tho waters of Moroton Bay ha\e never boforo wit- nessed Shortly after 3 o clock all tho excur sionists returned to their respectivo steamers, and after going round the remaining ?» essels of tho squadron, tho Kalara aud Ipswich headed for tho mouth of tho river , but Captain Davies, hauug hailed the Bacchante, soon put the Boko alongside her, to the great satisfic tion of all the oxcursionists on board This \ossol, of course, is not nearly bo large as the Inconstant, but the fact that it was tho princes' ship more th iu mado up for this, especially 08 a mow of their pretty cabin could bo obtained through one of tho windows Whilst the excur- sionists woro on board, a number of joung sea- men wore prattuing with a 0-poundor gun, and tho discharge of a Whitehead torpedo from one of the ports was watched with great interest At the signal, thero was a hissing noise, and tho tor- pedo leaped into the water like a hugo fish, and sped sw/ftly towards a spar which was being toned along by a smart little steam launch to servo as a mark Thero was of courbe no buistmg charge in fha torpedo, and as soon as tho compressed air which was driving it had been expended it lay motionless just below the surface of the water, and was towed back to the ship by the launch Shortly heforo I o clock the Boko again got underway, and by about half past 5 sho was moored at her wharf, all the passengers being unanimous in praise of tho splendid trip they had enjoyed, the weather liawng bceomo beauti- fully uno during tho afternoon Iho Ipswich and Kalara reached town at about 5 o'clock Tin. great attraction for sight sears to day will be the \ easels of the Detached Squadron lying in Moreton Bay, and the Boko, Settler, Francis Cadell, Knlara, Queensland, and Ipswich, steamers, aro ad\ertised to run down to visit them lhc BoLo, Fraucis Cadell, and Ipswich will also run down cu Friday 'S ESTi HD vy at the usual hour for meeting of the Legislative Council thero assembled the Hons J P Bell (President) W D Box C II Buzicott J Cowlishaw, J Gibbon, F T Giegory, T H Hart, J C Ueusaler, L Hope, W F Lambert, P Macpherson, C S Mein, B D More head (Postmnater General!, KIO Doherty, D F Roberts, J Swan, and J S Turner The Hon B D Morehead moved that a. Select Com tnittee be appointed to prepare an address to their royal highnesses Pnuce Edward and Prince Georbo of Wales, and that such committee conBist of Mr Mein, Mr Hop , Mr Box, Mr Roberts, Dr O Doherty, and the mover The proposition was carried nan dis, and tho following address was then read by the Clerk -" To their Royal Highnesses Prince Albert Victor Christian Ed ward and Prince George Tredenck Trnest Albert of AVales, priuces of the blood royal of England May it ploie your Royal Highnesses, -We, her majesty s loyal and dutiful subjects, the members of the Legislative Council of Queensland in Parliament assembled, beg to approach your royal highnesses with earnest assurances of our loyalty and devotion to the throne and person of her moat gracious majesty the Queen, and to congratulate your royal high neases on your Bafo arrival in thiB colony We trust that your rojal highnesses' visit will be attended with pleaauro to yourseh es and that when you leave our shores a pleasant recol- lection of Queensland will remain in your memories Mr Morehead said that m moving the adoption of this address he felt that he had au easy and pleasant duty to perform, and that it required little advocicy on his part Mr Mein seconded the motion of his hon friend, and only regretted that the stay of the squadron in Moreton Bay was so short as not to permit the colonists more opportunity of giving exprès sion to their loyalty to the throne and the family represented by the princes Question put and paBsed Mr Morehead then moved, " That the address, as adopted by the House, be presented to their royal highnesses by Mr Pre aillent, accompanied by such members of the House as seo fit to be present on the occasion lina was unanimously agreed to, and the House adjourned until 3 30 p m on Wednesday next. Stkcial attention is directed to the advertise tunta detailing the arrangements for the Mayor s ball to morrow evening Guests will save them- selves from trouble and annojance by observing the regulations as described An advertisement appearB in another column notifying ladies and gentlemen invited to tho Ministerial picnic to bring their cards of invita tion with them It was showery at Rockhampton and Bowen yesterday and sever ii of the inland and coastal stations roported cloudy weather The winds along the Queensland const were variable and the sea smooth Up to 9 o clock yesterday morning the weather in Sydney was fine and the wind north north east A tolegram received hero in the evening, however, stated that there were indications of a breaking up of the dry season, as it was raining in the southern and western districts, and m Sydney it was close and sultry during the day, and threatening for rain In tho Supremo Court yeatorday morning in Chambers, before his honour the Chief Just ce, in the matter of William Hick v Metto Ivustme Jensen, of Longbridge, near Rockhampton, m which the defendant was fined under the Eu closed Lands Act, Mr Chambers applied for a writ of piohibition against William Hick, the complainant, and T P Pugh, police magistrate at Rockhampton Ihe prohibition was asked for on the grounds (I) that tho justice had lo jursdtctiou, a iona fide claim of right being involved , and (2) that there was no evideuco of any oftdnco having been committed under the Act His honour gi anted an order nisi, which waB mado return iblo btfjre tho Tull Couit on 0th September The healing of the case of Cannon v the Lion Insurance Company, «Inch was commenced m tho Supremo Court on tho 11th instant, was brought to a close jesterday In this case the plaintiff, George Cannon, us trustee iu the msol \eat estate of Francis Farry, sued the Lion Insurance Company for £800, on a policy of insurance effec ed by Firry with the defendants on a stock in trade destroyed by a fire which occurred in Septombei, 1S80, on premises then occupied by lum as a boot and shoe shop near tho corner of Queen and Geargo streets The principal defences sot up woro that thero was a rnoitgago of the ineured property prior to tbo insurance, and that 1 arry did not givo the defendants notice of the same, accoidmg to one of the conditions of the policy , that larry did not aftei tho fire furnish to tho defendants as particular au account of his los3 as the nature of tho caso admitted , and that he made a false claim Tho juiy, in answer to questions sub nutted to them by the Judge, found that there waB a mortgage of the proposed risk pnor to the proposal, but that the oxisteuce of this mortgage was not a f ict material for the dofeudantB to kuow , that Tnriy did not deiner to the defen- dants as particulai an account of bia loss as might bo íeasouably practicable , but that ho did not make a fiauduleut clum The jury estimated tho plaintiff s lo3S at ¡Co05, and gave interest at tbo rato of S per cont It was ananged thav a motion to entoi judgment upon these findings shall be hoard on tho first day after the close of the present sittings It was yesterday arranged in the Supreme Court to take the caso of Miles v M'llwraith on Monday morning, as previously determined upon, the two other cml cases pending-Peikms v tho ¿vanr/chcal Slandaul, and Lindsay v Dyne -boiug adjourned till Wednosday next At tho City Police Court yesterday, beforo Colonel Ro«s and Messrs T Illidge, H H Payne, W G Power, and A R Jones JJ P, Wallace Gordon summoned Jolm Thomas Cockenll for having on the Oth îustant, used abusno language towards him by which a breach of the poaca might havo beeu occasioned Mr Smith nppeared for the plaintiff After hearing o\ i lenco on either side, the bench fined the defendant £1, together with costs of cotut, and £1 la professional costs, or forty oight hours in tho cells iu default of payment Mi Bruce applied for the prisoner Charles Fisher, who was brought up on Tuesday and remanded till Monday nott, on the chai go of receiving stolen property íuto bia possession, to be admitted to bail The bench allowed bail, tho prisoner ia £30 and two sureties of £i0 each The " Shaughr.iun" was produced at the theatre yesterday for the last time. A now play ia announced for representation to-night, entitled ' Wool, or the Hiddon Hand." The play is of a sensational character, and tho scenes in- clude a "Street in New York," "Hurricane Hall," "The Chamber of Death," the "Hidden House," " Tho Prison," and others that should tond to mako tho drama a success. Tho principal character of Wool, a negro servant, will be taken by Mr. Grattan Riggs, and tho leading female part of Capitale Black is entrusted to Mfcs Marie Wilton. The cast is a good one, and ought also to prove attractive. Hudson's Surprise Party were favoured with . good attendance last night, and tho entertain- ment wa3 a decided success. Tho comic songj " Georgo, tell mo if you love me," given by Mr. T. Hudson, was very favourably received, nnd Beveral other pleasing songs woro also given by various members of tho company. The second part of the entertainment created great amuse- ment, especially in "The Doctor's Shop" and " The Ghost in a Pawnshop," and tho violin solos by Miss V. De Gay wero deservedly encored. The samo programme will bo produced this evening. James Barm-, of Alligator Creek, noar Towns- ville, was yesterday adjudicated insolvent upon his own petition, tho lirat meeting of creditors being fixed for the 1st September. 