Me. Allev's proposal to plant emi grants on portions of our unutilised Crown lands must not be allowed to slumber. He has received his answer, and so far as lie is concerned and the exact terms of his proposed arrange ments, the matter may be considered as concluded for the present. His object wbb a. special one, having reference to the particular desires or convenience of certain persons with whom he happens to be connected. The Government were wrong, greatly mistaken, as we think, in not encouraging these pro posals; for even granting that they ? were experimental, they seemed to point to the possibility of exchanging our Grown lands, which are lying waste, for decent people who would have tried to make use of them. This is just the very thing that we want, and no harm ftt any rate could have been done by seeing how the thing would work. ' As we have already. pointed out, it would have been quite as easy to have sur veyed a set of contiguous blocks of land for Mr. Allen on the terms pointed out by him as it was to survey those lands which have lately been sold to proprietors of squatting runs on the Peak Downs. And as for price Mr. \- Allen was quite prepared to comply with the Act by paying for the land on the prescribed terms. So that there ?would have been not only the money, but there would'have been the. people as well — the commodity we want more than the money; Even the Courier, a journal which has hitherto acted rather as *he apologist of the Government, can- scarcely, contain its indignation at the-frightful sacrifice which has lately been made of these Peak Downs lands. But the question is really a very much wider one than that of an ar rangement with Mr. Allen. It opens out the whole question of tho settle ment of the country. If there are ob jections to Mr. Allen's proposal on the principle that his was a proposal based on some kind of a sectarian combina tion, that does not touch the larger question of combination for 'purposes of settlement. Is combination for pur poses of settlement a good thing in itself? 'We say that it is, and that whatever may be the bond of union which draws emigrants together in the old country, the mere fact that they are drawn togother is a good thing for them, and a good thing for us, even if it only lasts for a time. It en courages them at the outset, and it may he made to produce the best results lwe'if properly utilised. People ac quainted with the ideas prevalent among the best kind of emigrants — among those, for instance, who are now flocking to America by hundreds and thousands every day in the week — know that the acquisition of land is the great attraction. Our own immigration agents have over and over again testi fied to this. The late Mr. Daintbee on one occasion made it a subject of special representation. Writing from London to tho Colonial Secretary on the 4tik of March, 1875, he remarks that 'the prevailing idea of many wishing to emigrate is to go straight to the land there to form a home, and if blocks of various sizes, to suit the means of vari ous applicants, were open for selection here, I have no doubt, ?whatever, that it would largely in . crease the number of full payers who would prove most desirable colo nists.' He suggests accordingly that a certain ' number of farms should he surveyed in each district, and that they should be set apart for sale in England. The land thus offered should be described, he thinks, as accurately as possible, stating how ' much was agricultural in each block, and how much pastoral, and its graz ing capability should also be stated. This letter was i written when, the Act of 1868 was in force, and it is a great pity that the suggestions then made were never carried into effect. They were certainly brought under tho notice of Parliament shortly after, tut the ins and outs both condemned them, though we have no doubt they contain the elements of an excellent principle which could be worked out bo as to produce immense results. We draw attention to these matters, not because we think that any good is likely to arise out of Mr. Allen's propositions justnow. But sooner or later, and probably before long, Par lamontwill have to take them into its consideration. If Queensland is to vie with the other Australian colo nies, and if it is to people its waste places, this question of the settlement of a European population on the .Crown lands is one of the foremost. It is worse than useless to go on making railways in a sparsely peopled country if we do not take some trouble to plant the people for v/hoso convenience the railways are to be made. The two things go to gether. An immigration system which merely ' imports ' or assists to im port so many men and women as labourers to replenish the labour market, any such a system is doomed —and rightly so. Something more in accordance with the requirements of the times must be discovered. It is doubtful if we can offer very great inducements to emigrants from the old country in the form of very high wages. But we can offer them much greater facilities than we do in the way of acquiring land — not neces sarily cheap land. 'What is required is suitable accessible land, where groups of settlement could be formed. Part payment should be made, but ample time should be given for the paymont of the balance. On terms such as these, our population might easily be doubled in a single decade. Export op Sugar.— Tho following ship meats of sugar were made from tho 7th to the 27th of May :— From Brisbane, 25 tons ; from Marrborongb, 5 tons ; and from Rock liampton, S2 tons. Total, 112 tons. Our Supplement to-day contains poetry ('You kissed me,' 'The minister's daughter,' and 'A swarm of Bees') the con clusion of the story, ' The headless ghost,' 'Bishop Elder on Blasphemy,' 'About advertising, ' ' Prescri p tion for rheum atism, ' ' A pitiful story,' ' The murder of Pearce,' 'Signs that failed,' ' A prison incidont,' and original and selected articles on matters affecting tho farm, dtiry, poultry yard, plantation, floriculture, horticulture, forestry, and the home. Also the garden and field calendar for June. New Insolvent.— CharleB DroughtoD, of Beauaraba, shoemaker, was yesterday ad judged insolvent upon his own petition, the first meeting of creditors in the estate being fixed for the 15th instant. Dental Surgery. — Dr. Meams announces that he will visit Toowoomba on Thursday, Juuo 30. We refer readers to his advertise ment in another column. Evakgeustic Seevices.— The special ser vices being held nightly at the Wesleyan church are to be continued for another week, and a bhort service in connection with them is announced to be held on Sunday afternoon in the School of Arts. Particulars will be found in our advertising columns. Toowoomba Hospital.— The dispenser to the Hospital desires gratefully to acknow ledge, on behalf of the patients, the receipt of a number of illustrated papers &o.; from Mra J. W. Stuart, Bolton Terrace. The Black Trackers ? The total sum expended by the colony of Victoria on tho employment of the Queensland black trackers, in soarch of the Kelly gang, amounted to £2,039. Death ov Mr. Ryland.— The death is announced, yesterday morning, of Mr. John Hawksworth liyland, manager, and for some time past acting general manager of the Queensland National Bank, at Brisbane. The causo of death was on affection of tho brain, from which Mr, fiyland had been suffering for some six weeks. The Siebl Rails Enquiry.— The Brisbane Zeitung says it has just received a letter from a London correspondent, ' that Mr Griffith has morally and legally scored a victory, of whioh particulars will bo made known aftor the opening of Parliament. Messrs. Wilson Bros, and Co.— We learn by circular that this firm has opened a branch of their business at Roma under the style of Mossrs. Wilson BroB. and Munro. ' The Good Templar.'— This publication published in Brisbane, and whioh, as its name implies, is the organ of the Good Templars in Queensland, has this month made a decided advance, being greatly in creased in size. The increased space has been filled by original and interesting selected matter mostly bearing on the objects of the Order, and the psipor now is a very oreditable one. As the object of its publication is to aid in the amelioration of a great social ovil the journal is worthy of support not only by members of Good Templary but by friends of the causo of temperance Ipswich Show. — Tho annual exhibition of the Queensland Pastoral and Agricultural Sooioty was held at Sandy Gallop, Ipswich, on Tuesday last. Tho show was not so suc cessful as could havo been wished owing to the unpropitious season, but the attendance of the public was good. Amongst the prize winners we notice the name of Mr Peter Mclntyre, of Emu Creek, who took four prizes in the ehoep suction, namely, for the best ram, tho best ewu of any ago, the beat owe not four tooth, and the bost two lambs, this last being a second prize only. Nearly all tho other winners were local exhibitors. Toowoomba Races.— Tho acceptances and general entries for tho approaching Too woomba races appear in another column. Itjwill'be seen that for the Turf Club and Clifford Plato Handicaps, and tho Twoyoar old Stakes, there woro only two entries, and as tho club rule is 'threo entries or no race,' those events necossarily fell through. Tho committee met on Wednesday night to substitute other races, which was done, and the amonded programmo, to which we refer sportsmen, appears in our advertising columns. FiORILINB I JTOR THE TEETH AND BbeATH —A fow drops of the liquid 'Floriline' sprinkled on a wot tooth-brush produces a pleasant lather, which thoroughly cleanses tho teeth from nil parasites or impurities, hardens the gums, prevents tartar, stops do jay, gives to the teeth a peculiar pearlywhite ness, and a delightful fragrance to the breath. It removes all unpleasant odour arising from decayed teeth, or tobacco smoke. 'The Fra grant Floriline,' boing composed in part of Honey and sweet herbs, is delicious to the tasto, and the greatest toilet ' discovery of tho ago. Prico1 2s Gd, of all Chemists and Per turners. Wholesale- depot removed to 39* Forringdon Road, London. ^ AbvTi * Missing from Warwick.— Wo are glad to hear that Mr. John Gibson, who was missing from home from Sunday to Wednesday last, and for whose safety great uneasiness was f olt, turned up near Braesido, about seventeen miles from Warwick. It will bo romembered that a search party was formed on Tuesday, to travorse the surrounding neighbourhood and learn if possible any tidings about him. Somo went in one direction some in another, bnt they returned at night without hoaring anything of him. On the following morning, howover, news camo to hand that ho was found all safe in the place above stated. From the information we can gather, ho was found bathing in a waterhole in a nude con dition. Several attempts were made to induce him to partake of food, but all to no purpose, and for a considerable time he remained in a comatose state, not caring to be spoken to by any one. At length it was deemed advisable to force him to take some food, and shortly after this ho rcoovored consciousness, and was pleased to Bee those friends, who, a few minutes previously, he had turned away from him. Ho was brought boforo the police magistrate on Wednesday, on the charge of lioing of unsound mind, and, on the evidence of tho constable who arrested him, and the medical officer, was sent to the leception houBe for a month. — Examiner and Times, May 28, A Boat Stolen by Blacks.— The Collector of Customs has received a tolegram yesterday, from Mr G. J. Griffin, Sub-collector of Customs, at Cardwell, stating that a dugong fisherman named Forater, had lost a boat containing nets, axes, firearms, and all his fishing outfit, on Tuesday morning. Thu pilot boat was at once despatched in search, and tho missing craft was discovered on tho samo day, about two miles from Alaugrove [slaud iu possession of a number of aboriginals. It was supposod that the boat was stolon by a black from Cardwoll, who has becn.discovered to bo missing, assisted by a number of Hinchinbrook Island blacks who were known to havo landed on the mainland that morn ing. Tho natives found ou board the boat took to the water when the pilot vessel ap proached. — Telegraph,. Vessel Attacked by Chinese. —The Honolulu Oazette reports that tho steamer Lydia, Captain Poulson, put into Honolulu with 700 Chinese on board. They mutinied, threatened to murder the European crew, and the captain applied to the authorities for assistance. The polico endeavored to board the vessel, but after exhausting their ammunition, retired, and the Chinameu then attacked tho crew in the forecastle, but as 16 of them had served their time in. the German army, they fought for their lives, drove them back down the hold, and closed tho hatches on them till the police and soldiers arrived. Eighty of the late Chiueso importations are reported to be pirateB by profession. They will have a clear field in that lino of business, which has been left unworked up to tho pre sent time by our own people. Twenty-two cases of smallpox were taken from the Lydia to the hospital iu Honolulu. A Little Girl's Sacrifice. — A telegram from Kingston, New York, Fobruary 9, says : — ' Away back in the wildest part of this country, among tho mountains and forests of tho sparsely settled town of Hardenburg, a place it takes a week to communicate with, not far from the little hamlet of lnverwood, aod near tho place whero tho Rev. J. C. Beeoher, a brother of Henry Ward Beecher, lives little Nellie Osborn, a child of sir years. Her father ami mother were both suddenly stricken with fever, being un able to leave their beds. Living in an iso lated place, far from neighbours, and being scantily supplied with the necessaries of life at this severe and inclement season, with snow lying throe or four feet deep every where, the situation maybe imagined. Little Nellie did what she could to alleviate the sufferings of her parents in every way. It was bitterly cold, their rudo little houso offered poor resistance to the winds, tho bed covering was not abundant, and the Biipply of firewood finally gave ont. The little girl took her woeden playthings and tried to keep tho fire going with them. Then she kneeled by the couch of her sick mother and prayed : ' Please, dear Lord, send a big, good man to help us.' Help came in the person of James M'Gavitt, a lumber man of the mountains, who found the fmaily in the condition stated, and afforded prompt relief. Little Nellie became sick with the fever afterwards. As sistance has now been offered by a ohai itable lady of Irvington, whose sympathy was ex cited by the child's sacrifice of her toys. TrtE Bermaqui Mastery. — The Balhtirsl Times says : — It will be remembered that, in October of last year, Mr Lamont Young, Government Geologist, having left Bcrmagui in a boat, for the purpose of making scien tific investigations along the coast was never afterwards seen. He was accompanied by Mr Max Schneidor and threo boatmen, and the whole party mysteriously disappeared. The boat was found jammed on the rocks at Corunna Point, ton mileB to the Northward. Upon examination it was found that there were bullet marks in the boat, but there were no traces of a struggle or foul play. Tho impression among Mr Young's friends at home and the London police— in whose hands the matter has been placed — seems to bo that the 'party' were kidnapped, and taken away in some vessol ; but, whatever their end, such a fate is highly improbable. However, in order, if possible, to have some light thrown on the strange disappearance of Mr Young and his companions, the unfortu Dato gentleman's father (Major General Young) has communicated with Mr H. M. Keightly, P.M., of Moruya, and other resi dents in the colonies. He offers £100 reward for information leading to tho disoovery of Mr Young, whioh is in addition to £200 offered for tho conviotion of any person or porsons who have been guilty of violence. A notice to this effect was posted at the Court house yesterday. It is not very probable that porsons living away from the coast pos sess information that can aid tho bereaved relatives in tho enquiry which is going ou ; but should the notice meet the eye of any body who can give particulars that might as sist in arriving at a satisfactory explanation of Mr Younfi's disappearance, it ia scarcely ne cessary to express tho hopo thut they will be communicated without delay to the proper quarter. 