TSTERIOUS DISAPPEARANCE OF LORD BRACKENBURY. .[BY AMELIA B. EDWARDS.] (Publishedl by Arrangement with Harper Bros. New York.) OHAPTER X. FATHER AND SONS. IT has been said that Lord Bracken bury 'came home,' that is to say, he came home to England to Bracken bury Court, but not to the home of his birth, not to the Brackenbury Court of his boyhood, not to the old-fashioned mansion designed by Sir Christopher Wren, with its double flight of steps, its pilastered and pedimented fagade, its balustraded balconies, its stone urns, and sculptured wreaths, and for mal surroundings. That house used to stand at the easternmost extremity of Brackenbury Park, within a quarter of a mile of the memorable piece of waste laud, the wealth of which had but lately been discovered when, as the Honorable Herbert Brackenbury, he had accepted his first diplomatic ap pointment. It occupied a command ing position, looking toward the dis tant woods of Langtrey Manor. But when the iron company came to take possession in such close neighbour hood, bringing with them fire and smoke, and the clang of never-ceasing hammers, the fortunate landlord de eided to build a, new house, and to give his valuable tenants as wide a berth as possible. So he fixed upon a site at the north-western boundary of his pearlk, and there erected what is called 'an elegant modern mansion,' in the Italian style, with a loggia, a cam panile tower, a projecting cornice, and every architectural adornment, best befitting a warm climate, and least ap propriate to a bleak north country side some eleven hundred feet above the level of the sea. When this new house was com pleted, the old place near the colliery was pulled down; and thus it hap pened that the third lord came home to a home that was not the home of his boyhood. Nor was the new Italian villa, even so, the only .irackenbury Court on the estate. Far from the waste of old foundations that marked the site of the former residence, farther still from the new one, in a now unfrequented and isolated spot upon the verge of a steep ridge facing southward, there still stood the ruins of old Brackenbury Court, the earliest, and, once upon a time, the stateliest of all the homes which the owners of Brackenbury had made for themselves and their descendants. It dated from the reign of Elizabeth, was enlarged and beautifie& by a certain Sir Anthony Brackenbury about .the beginning of the reign of Charles the First, and was finally beseiged, sacked, and fired in 1644 by a body of Parliamentary troops under a lieutenant of the Earl of Manchester. It must have been a beautiful old English house of the Hatfield and Haddon Hall type when it was in its prime ; and it was beauti ful still, as a ruin-so beautiful that seven generations of Brackenburys had left it unmolested in a wilderness of ancient pleasaunces where rabbits burrowed, and birds built undisturbed, and all wild growths that climb and trail and cling from bough to bough flourished in unchecked luxuriance. It stood in the olden time within the park boundary, but had been cut off long since by a roadway, and left to -moulder in solitude. There were many who marvelled why the late lord, instead of building a new house, did not restore Old Court, and carry back the park pailings to their ancient limits; but neither he nor his heir would have committed so gross a vandalism. Old Court, with its four teen acres of wilderness, stood for one of the most picturesque and precious pages in their family history. They loved every stone of it, every ivy wreath twined round about its shat tered windows, every bullet scar upon its battered walls. So the first Brackenbury Court held its ground--a rtuiti in :the midst of ruin; the second had its daLy, was condemned, pulled down, and super seded; while the third, commemorative of an unforeseen prosperity, rose like Aladdin's palace in sudden and some what inappropriate splendour. Hither, then, Herbert Lord Bracken bury returned after twenty-one yearts of official banishment; hither came Cuthbert Brackenbury to spend his first Oxford vacation; and here the boy Lancelot received his first im pressions of English home life. The Italian style of the house, with its terraced gardens and formal flower beds, its clipped junipers, its fountains and casino, pleased the lads, and reminded them of the sunny land which they still spoke of as 'home.' The younger perhaps because he was the younger and the more pliant, fell in readily enough with English ways, and took enthusiastically to English sports and pastimes. Being sent to Eton, he went in for boating, cricketing, and athletic games; hated study, voted classics a bore, made numerous friends, and by the close of his first term had become as thoroughly English as any boy in the school. The elderbrotherwas of an altogether different type. It would, perhaps, be more correct to say that he partook of two very different types, the one English, the other Italian. On the English side of him he was silent, stuidious self-contained, slow to wrath, slower still to friendship ; a young man of few affections, few words few strong likings of any kind. On the Italian side he inherited that peculiar subt'ety which runs in Italian blood-a subtlety that is neither insincerity nor what we understand as reserve, but rather a kind of intellectual discretion, in itself the most un-English of characteristics. His tastes, directed and developed by a highly cultivated mother, were entirely Italian. A devoted student of the literature, poetry, and folk-lore of the land of his birth, he was almost as indlfferent to classical learning as his younger brother. But there is not much sympathy with Italian literature at either Eton or Oxford, and Cuthbert Braekenbury had to pursue his favorite studies alone, so living in an attitude of mental isolation which fostered the reticence of his character. For the ordinary pleasures and amusements of school and university life he cared not at all. He kept a horse at Oxford but he never hunted; a boat, but he never raced. He belonged to a club, yet for months he never entered its doors. Society, with its manifold observances, wearied and irritated him. Politics were his peculiar aversion. For music and the fine arts-especially the arts of the Italian Renaissance-he had that intuitive appreciation which be longs by right of heritage to all who claim a strain of Italian blood; but there it stopped. It was an appreciation not a gift, not a passion. His one intellectual delight, in short, was Italian literature; his one physical re creation, boating; not boating after the manner of Eton and Oxford, but boatingas he had boated in his boyhood on the bright waters of the Bay of Naples, with a sail to set before the breeze, a book to read when drifting and dreaming with the current, and blue above and blue below, and space, and boundless liberty. For all this, and for the mother whom, while she lived, he loved better than all the .world besides, Cuthbert Brackenbury mourned in his heart, and made no sign. Coming to England before he was sixteen, he never ceased to feel that he was an alien in a strange lsnla. When, three years later, his mother died, and his home in Naples was broken up, he was still as far as ever from that degree of naturalization which his birth and prospects demand ed. Nor did this first great grief tend to loosen the old ties or knit up the new ones. It only caused him to withdraw still further into his shell. It seemed to him, indeed, that the world was emptied of beauty and grace and gentle dignity, and all the charm of womanly ctlture, when Lady Brackenbury left it. Thenceforth, for many a year, the pleasant things of life lost their sweet savor. 'henceforth while duly conforming to the duties and ordinaries of college life he shut himself up more than ever in his own prejudices; and Lord Brackenbury saw with dismay that, although blessed with the most sober, the most conscientious, the mostirre pfroachable of elder sons, yet that elder son would never be as other young men of the same age and position. That Cuthbert Brackenbury should fulfil to the letter all that his pastors and masters required of him-that he should go steadily and creditably through his examinations-that he should never contract a debt, never commit a folly, never even draw to the full amount of his allowance, was not, after all, of half so much account in Lord Brackenblhury's eyes as that he should become a man of the world, and confer distinction upon the family name. He would have wished his heir to take an interest in politics, to go early into Parliament, to dis tinguish himself in the Commons until such time as it might please Providence to call him to his here ditary seat among the Lords. He felt that, for his own part, hlie had lived too much abroad; and he was sensi tively anxious that his successor should turn out a more stay-at-home politician than himself. Personally he could do little to influence the young man's tastes. The mother's influence had been too early at work for that, and Cuthbert Brackenbury's tastes were long since formed and matured. Next to that mother. Mr. Bracken bury loved his brother Lancelot best of all the world, and Lancelot---from the time when he used to be carried up and down the orange walk on his brother's shoulder to the day when Cuthbert kissed him good-by and left Naples for Eton-thought his brother the wisest, the noblest, the most god like of the sons of men. It was Cuth bert who helped him with his lessons; who interceded for him when he got into mischief; who taught him to ride and to swim; who supplemented his pocket-money with surreptitious scudi; who to3k him out boating when the bay was smooth and the winds were asleep. It was Outlhbort who told him wondrous tales of Orlando and his sword Durindana, and of Gan the traitor, and the dolorous rout of Ron cesvalles; of Paladin Astolfo and his journey to the moon; of the siege of Jerusalem and the fatal loves of Tan cred and Clorinda; and of the weird sights seen by Danteaud Virgil when they crossed the threshold of that dread portal where Hope was left behind. It was Cuthbert who taught him endless Stornelli and Canti Popo lari-songs of the fishing and the vin tage, and the ballad of " Cicirinell'," a sort of Neapolitan Mother Hubbard, who sold hot chestnuts on the Chiajia, and had a wonderful dog that wagged his tail in rhyme. When Cuthbert went to Eton, he still came "home" for his vacations to Naples at Christmas; to Castella mare at midsummer; and by-and-by Lancelot, as we have seen, outgrew home and teaching, and was sent to school at Lausanne. Then, as we have also seen, Lady Brackenbury died; and Cuthbert went to Oxford; and Lancelot was transferred from Lausanne to Eton ; and Lord Brackenbury gave up diplomacy, and divided his life thenceforth between Lancashire and London. Whatfollowed has been told already. WVe know how, four years later, the great lawsuit, after dragging its slow length along for more than a quarter of a cencury, came somewhat unex pectedly to an end, and how final judgment was given in the famous case of Langtrey v. Brackenbury. The victor had never doubted of his victory, yet.it came upon him at the last like a surprise. It was a triumph uot unmixed with bitterness. It stirred many a long-forgotten memory, and raised the ghost of many a bygone hope. It reminded him that for these five or six and twenty years of costly strife, not one of which was of his own seeking; he had paid not only with twenty-two of self-imposed exile, but with the loss of the woman whom first he loved, and whom he still remem bered with tenderness. That Mabel Langtrey's only child should be in volved in her uncles ruin mixed yet another bitter drop with the cup of his success. Being a etenaer.heartea man, he was even sorry for his ancient opponent; and though he telegraphed the good news to his sons-the one abroad, the other at college-yet, when the ringers met to celebrate his victory, he sent down in all haste to stop the bells, that he might not triumph in Stephen Langtrey's ears. When the unfortunate squire sick ened and died, leaving his sister and niece comparatively beggared, Lord Brackenbury became more than ever tormented by remorseful pity. Despite his better reason, he felt as though he were in some sense the agent of their ruin. And then he fell to thinking whether it might not, for their sakes, be possible to repair the injustice of justice. So, little by little, there grew up in his mind a scheme by means of which the hard lines of destiny might be so,tened in favour of this helpless pair. CHAPTER XI. A CABINET COUNCIL. " IF you please, sir, my lord would be glad to speak to you for a few minutes before you go out.' Mr. Brackenbury laid down the hat which he was just about to put on, and obeyed the paternal summons. This was in the hall-a large square hall in the Italian style, with a fine central staircase leading to a gallery from which the upper rooms opened. The walls above and below were hung with paintings, .chiefly family portraits. Four good modern copies in marble of four famous statues -the Apollo Belvedere, the Antinous of the Capitol, the Diana of the Louvre, and tht Diadumenos of the British Museum-occupied the four corners of the ground- floor. The library and dining-room doors opened to the left, the morning-room and drawing-room doors to the right, while the ball-room faced the main entrance, and was approached by two doors, one at each side of the staircase. Mr. Brackenbury turned to the left, opened the library door, and went in. It was a pleasant, well-proportioned room, lined with book-cases, and lit at the farther end by a large bay-window. The books were for the most part richly bound; and on the tops of the book-cases were busts and bronzes and majolica jars bright with blue and yellow arabesques and medieval coat of arms. " Cuthbert," said Lord Bracken bury, standing up square and straight, with his feet on the tiger-skin rug, and his back to the fire--" Cuthbert, I want a little talk with you-a little serious talk, if you can spare me a few mninutes. Sit down.' The young man looked surprised, took a chair, and said : ' Certainly, sir. I am all attention.' 'It is now more than a year since you left Oxford.' 'Fifteen months on Monday next.' 'Just so-fifteen months. Andyou have, I hope, spent the time pleasantly ?' 'Very pleasantly, sir.' Lord Brackenbury paused. He never found it particularly easy to sus tain a conversation with his elder son, and to-day it seemed more than usually difficult. 'I know how fond you are of yackt. ing,' he said, and paused again. 'I ought to be Wond of it, sir. You have given me a charming yacht.' 'And of Italy.' 'It is my native country.' A flush of quick displeasure rose to Lord ]Brackenbury's face. 'An Englishman's native country is England,' he said, hastily, ' no matter on what soil he may chance to have been born' There was another silence, during which each waited for the other to speak again. Then Lord Brackenbury changed his tactics. He abandoned his position on the hearth- rug, dropped into an easy chair, and assumed a more confidential tone. 'To return to the point from which we started,' he said. 'Life has its duties as well as its pleasures, and there are things more important in this world, my dear fellow, than yachting.' ' Undoubtedly, sir.' 'You are twenty-three years of age.' 'Not quite. I shall be twenty three in January, and we are still in _December.' Lord Brackenbury laughed. It was a pleasant laugh, though perhaps a little forced. 'You are a precisian,' he said. ' I had not learned to measure my words and speak by the book when I was of your age. We will say, however, that you are twenty-two years, eleven months, and twelve days old; and at twenty-two years, eleven months, and twelve days, it is time, according to my old-fashioned notions, that a man should begin to make something like serious use of his life.' 'What is the particular use you wish me to make of mine, sir ?' 'Well, there are two particular uses I should be glad to see you make of it, Cuthbert.' 'And those are-?' 'To marry young, and to go into Parliament.' Mr. Brackenbury looked grave, and the lines about his mouth grew set and hard. 'I have faith in early marriages,' pursued Lord Brackenbury, watching his son's face somewhat anxiously; 'especially when one has a position to fill, and a large future stake in the country. A young man can hardly be said to have struck root in his native soil till he marries. Now I want you to strike root, my dear fellow, and to strike root quickly-not to go on •floating about the world like a thistle down.' Still Mr. Brackenbury was silent. 'Well,' said his father, 'have you nothing to reply ?' 'Not much, sir; except that matri mony in the abstract has no attraction for me. I am not a marrying man.' 'You think that, because it is a sub ject to which you have given no con sideration. But you would see it in a different light if you felt that by marrying any one particular. person you were doing what was just and right, what your father would wish, and the world and your own con science would approve.' 'Do I understand, sir, that you are advocating a marriage, not of inclina tion, but of duty ?' Lord Brackenbury was momentarily embarassed by the directness of the question. 'To a well- trained mind, Cuthbert, duty and inclination are one,' he re plied, somewhat evasively. Mr. Brackenbury smiled. (To be Continued.) 