A TEBRIBLE EXPEDIENCE. BY R. L. I waa but a young wife when I was first taken to my bosh home. All my life I had lived in cities, and the great change to the intense solitude of the Australian bosh was moat repulsive to me. All things seemed antagonistic; the very birds ' seemed to Bhriek angrily as they flew pa8t, the stream that ran close by the house murmured and threatened portentously, and in toe moaning of the wind through the dismal sheqakB I thought I heard the dirge of my vffiusnfed hopes, fifad frappinesa. Aid yet I was by no means nervous,'find sad by n&turb.; 'Far from it I hud always looked upon life as a treasure to be enjoyed, and made the most of in every way-; but from the very day of my ?marriage a strange depression had fallen upon me, and \tne.ena of this beautiful familiar thing wb call life I looked forward ;to, if not Jwith'l<mgingl"at least withoutJre pugnance. The inexplicable change that had taken place in my' nusband and in my feel ings towards him were quite sufficient to >abcount for this morbid state of mind. When he returned to England, after four years' absence, to claim me as his wife, he was no longer the man I had known and loved, from my early youth. All had gone well with him in Australia. The money he had' invested had doubled and quadrupled itself. The object he had had in view in leaving England was attained, for be was now able to offer me -his early love-a home; and yet he had re turned a gloomy, crushed, apparently heart broken man. No wonder I was puzzled and dismayed, but, strange as. it may appear, I felt the change in*him before I saw it During his absence I had led a quiet but active life, looking' pfter our little home, attending to my brothers and sis tecs-for we were motherless-rand making the most of my father's small income. A life prosaic enough in appearance,' but filled with the inner lignt ? and beauty that love and hope alone can . give.' The light went out, though, for one whole year-a. .cruel, mute year, in which no letter .came from Frank. I grew thin and pale "with1 waiting. I wandered ghost-like about the houpe,.- performing my various . duties mechanically, with the worm Of sus pense gnawing at my heart.' At; last; when I had.&hnoBt; learafed the Tuatfimg of despair, a letter catne, loving 9b giving as a reason for tne long sudden and inevitable depsOTreii^^.W&ote; interior of An^ti^i^ 'lla fewjM^rojmty of a post ' to have lasted a fe_P|rfFauih was extended 1 ty TOLioreseen circum HPowawm'nlr; Everything was '4Ba^»|OTlly fexplMnfed? inA from that time retrain to England his letters ' Xife Tha no longer a dte*ry routine of diitieeC'^ta joy full of ptofrlu. The ool6ur tafrbfe f>jack. to mychwkB, andl walked about is though on air, in^l+8tnif,Illff!arr?v'®dtbat hia ahip^raa' wa pott. Oh 1 that waiting-half delieht half dfstin^tlvV®' ahaILfor«et ^ And still mote )Mt he rimfe^ber tbe on wWch, At1 was ahlnfo? h*s um*88 B?mmer: the moon was earning bnghtly; and my sisterEdith Skine^ndl^fnr1^the gardlen- 1 had bisan ttaMt * was excited with' hap. pinesa and expectancy. I'had been nnwiS& SS'SfflT00-4-^ Frank by my Side ; that no lone as he' Fate! Edit^T/^ me- 1 coull^efr *ate. Edith looked at me solemnly, and' * ,'l .m1 ^,ad8ei it frightens me to hear »nn. }H?ii ^at' ^°? exP6Ct too much. No life can jnve yon the perfect haDDineHR mm PnfthDtlCipa^D^: Ther® is no fairy Iatid on iSwraS iSeSnJr * taU'of '<"»**> «n t i" Edith," I replied. " I have no fear we°Sn defj kated"he l0TCB me' and togethe' "«Sh BJinddered{ and at that moment the up the waJk.°Pe ' and a dark came SSfKu8 def '1an embrace that filled m« with horror and alarm. Why; I cannot tell in°-!mv ^°w that my blood seemed to cardie m "my veins, and my heart to stand still tommplf had Picturedthia meeting T w i gA *e .yeatB of waiting how I had longed to feel hia arms oncemora around me. And now my wish wmmfj fnll . of curses. What could it mean t tfa]?L0^11 ^'"Iheardhimmurmur, and I felt in despair that I was indeed his own . for me there could be no escape. We r into the house. My father -met as at the door.. wLm w® Ught j tnrned t° iook at mr lover. He was wonderfully nhnngnd He | looked taller and broader than when last I had seen him; his skin, once rather fair and w if'KWa8j N J*0 a deeP b'own, and a w® cohered the lower part of hia face. His eyes were very bright, but very sunken, and there were lines of care and Buffering upon his forehead. Those lines made my heart soften towards him, for I thought they had been imprinted there by ^0atBe^vand hard work encountered for my sake. There was, besides, something very strange in hfe face-something Iihadnever TSSftSfe."1""' " think you were frightened of 6-.8lv>reproachfully, looking intently at me with his piercing black eyeal i i are so changed,'.' X. answered trembling from head to foot. 'And yon are changed, too, my-Madm. You are more lovely than ever." ?Again a shudder passed through my frame. When at last he was gone, and ! alone.in.my. little room, the full misery of my situation , burst upon me. I no longer loved him. . I was but 16, and he 20, when we parted foHi years, before-parted in tears-and anguish. Now he had returned. All trace of myTboy lover had.vanished, and the man that had. sfiriStteg me mth dread aad ^m°9t - I nn^L^i1 *2$? and for guidance, and with the chill, grey, morning light came calm and my decision. I would marry him' go out to his new home, and, with Gfikrs help! ? xS?De and devoted wife' to him. What other course was open to me ? Had * he not gone into exile when almost a boy for' he b?d come to claim his u18 kHonr had befti allln y&n;, that I had changed my mind ! No, that 1* i would never do! In my insufficient.girliah , logic, I did not realise that a woman aoee & aJfr m?re fitter wrong in marrying hit 2? ln [efasiDS him eveo at the ' last moment; that she cannot sacrifice her 1**thout sacrificing him also. Ah!' at that time I did not understand that, and so my resolve was taken. Never would Hjetray ? to poor Frank the inexplicable change that bad taken place in my feelings towards fciiit and, perhaps, by constantly dwelling upon my old love for him, and still more nponhin s^e rffeelin^ mi® t ComBback to bar (dd ' .« ^ ^ad little time for thought between J^^ng and our departure as man . *iF Frankt represented; to bb that boBmcss demanded his iinmedi&te; - ; return to hiB station, and the Bhort space of time I had left to me in England was fully occupied. I had my outfit to complete, many friends to see, possibly for the last time, and many little household matters- to mnnw . Detore giving np the reins of government to . toy Bister. All was at last accomplished. The long voyage was over, and'the long land journey that followed it. The first person r r Baw on arriving at my bush home was Mr. Macdonaid, Prank s overseer, He was stand ing m tbe doorway when we drove up to the . JS8 a te 'fyoung Scotchjnan, with bright blue eyes, and an open, r6aolote' conntenance. f Uked him from the first, although I was puzzled and rather annoyed by an ^expression that I" thonght I detected in hiB face when he looked at me. It was an ' expression of pity. What right bad this Btranger to pity me? He could'not know that when my old love returned, after a four jears exile for my sake, I, ungrateful, miser-. able creature that I was, almost loathed liitn. He could not-know that a coldness hted sprung up between' usj doubtless thro«gh-» some fault of mine, and that my poor nnsbana had been frozen out- of* all* likeness to the warm-hearted, genial iremembered him onoe to hav«- beeh, What _nght had he to pity* me? . I* - softened when I saw the prepuationa for our» ; reception that he must at least bave directed:- : 1 _ There _^as a bright wood fire on.thewMte-v washed hearth, in the centre of tbe teaJtabW a great bunch of golden odoroos wattle, and flowers on the toilet-table in ray owo nxsm^ During tea-tome he .talked mth baibandi about the boBiness of, the station, and I sat; - like one in a dream. "'Oar-5di4ve &o;«.tike: railway station-50 utiles at I^ast-had bUetti' rough, and through the pourfngSafo ItwS Hy^Smn5^en T wid l. waa tired, cold. and -wretohedt Now tbe (feniwL wamth of the room and the ^eUciooa .flicenftk " ot the wattle soothed me iirtb a> Bleepy reverie. I. was aroused by my bvsbaa* saddtt^r wnnginRtoiis feet and rasfcng to-tb»bcmt door. His action was so seddbe^ti* 8 r-" m alajm. He ateod for a mcm " intently into the gatherfe#ek>0! then, (dosing tbe Boots saidv relief, . "I thought Bome^Belro ? < ^ ^"..MWaed, for b» tsenwi , frightened. Again I saw ihtittftMfei gleam m Mr. Macdrarfd* "*i, J cheeks grew hot Whatever trouble Frankandfor me, i from a stranger. 1 after he Wd wGo liohK1 ' .... . : Orir^lfttle^btSBie' ^ tJmopt BuJrroinaed hs 1 ri^ooitaky, floodfefi -f-c»' very bad and depressing for me in those early spring days when first I Baw it. The hot sunshine immediately after rain drew up a moist stifling vapour, which in me produced a lassitude of mind and body. So shut in were we, that it was only when the wind blew from the north that it coald penetrate into this natural basin; then it rushed through a gully, moaning and howling like souls iu torment, through the dismal eheoaks. But the place waa very pretty. The houBe was surrounded by a verandah, covered with passion flowers and honeysuckle, and the rides and walks amongst the hills were de lightfaL One bill-top, called the Devil's Peak, commanded a fine view ; the approach to it from the house was gradual ana com paratively easy, but on the other side there was a precipitous descent into a stony gully. My establishment was a very small one, consisting of a maid-servant, whom 1 had engaged in Melbourne, and two boys, one for the garden, the other for the stable. I had nothing whatever to do with the men em ployed on"th6 station. Their huts were about a mile off, near the shearing-shed, and they bad fheir own cook, baker, and storekeeper. Conaeqjoently I had a great deal of leisure far tot* rpRch for an unhappy woman, and I wa8, ind&ed;, a most unhappy woman. Frank was a mystery to me. Be would never talk of the happy days when we had been boy and girl together. The books we had then read he seemed to have forgotten, or lost all in terest ini.. At.pne time he had been, like myself, passionately fond of music; now he did hofcspem to recognise his old favourites 1 whenl played them* but wpuld ait apparently deaf.or quite indifferent to them. Had 1 really loved him I could have gone to him, thrown my armB around his neck, and begged him tell the cause of this gloom, hut my heart was as ice towards him, and 1 could but wait in the hope that time would Bolve the riddle. At first I was grateful for his reserve. Had he been frank, joyous, and expansive as of old, he must have felt the want of response in me, but as time went on my loneliness drove me to make a few timid, utterly futile, attempts to penetrate the armour of moody silence in which he had encased himself. Only at times he would burst into almost frantic fits of passionate love, which in variably frightened and repelled me, fot they were bq violent, so unreasonable, so full of the agony of remorse, for what I could not divine. He seemed, too, to be under the in fluence of Borne ever-haunting fear, for often whed we w6re- out riding he would look nervously behind him as though he thought we were followed, and often when we were Bitting quietly in the evening he would sud denly rush' to the window, look out for a while, and then nervously and hastily lock the door. Whatever hia secret might be Mr. Mac donald knew it, of that I was certain, for Frank would frequently send for him in haste, and after a private conversation with him would seem calmer and more at ease. In those daya I learned to like Mr. Mac donald, to look upon him as my good friend. He was bo kind and considerate, and so wise, too; he always seemed in any little difficulty that1 arose to see and |>o take the best and shortest W&y; out of it I no longer resented his compassion ; I waa grateful for it. I was too terribly lonely now to be proud. I was grateful, too, for the books he lent me, for my own .SEuli stock was soon , exhausted. I always |felt tnat. if any emergency arose I' could call uponhim, and might depend upon his assistance. But lay de&reat; friend on the station was a dog, a collie, Cloudie by name. At one time he cad been an. in valuable servant, and many an unruly flock he bad reduced to order, but having broken hia leg he had beeq. relieved from active service, and now limped about the home premises, .finding what plea sure he could in a quiet life. At first he merely endured my advances, but I persisted in them, and at last one day, as I was Bitting undgr a tree quietly crying to myself, he came behind,me and touched my neck with his cold no£e, From that moment our friend ship tedlly "began. Many a long "walk did we takp together,-and -maiy a teariui confidence have ! ponrpd out to'him; he had no words with wmph to console me, bat he looked At me with a world of sympathy in his honest, faithful eyes. He yra.a very fanny, too, some timfcn. He' woiild stand and watch a flock of laeiijg driven past, and tarn away long i$ey tfeieput of sight, as though the jlpe£. of. his .successors were not jiking at.' He evidently had a great the.younger dogs ; he had been borh^M. fcrfc^ in Scotland, they were half educMfd.c9lonjals.1-'J I^aw;?ery;little of my husband; he was an earl/jftaer.&Msed; to start off on horseback, imi^fidiaJtely. fllter breakfast, very rarely re turitfngdntil Jaunset. In the .evening, when we,'were ajope, Jbie would sit and smoke in oilence^sometimes reading the papers, bat oftener gazing intently before him as if in deep thought. I was very aad and very neryous; a sense of impending evil weighed down cay spirits. . Day by day we grew more like strangers, and .it was with difficulty that I could realise Z had ever loved and'felt at ease' with this dark-bro^ed, melancholy man. Wje hid beenabout six months married when,a.change c^me over him. He grew very restless, and >psed to rise sometimes before daylight and;w#iider about, the house. One evening-he came home looking very pale and miserable, and when I asked: him if he was ill, he answered that his head was aching. A Midden impulse of pity made me go to him and ? pat my hands upon hie head. Tp my unutterable astonishment he burst into tears, said something about "forgiveness"- and *' villain " and rushed from the house. The next morning I was awakened by the report of a gun. I started up in Alarm, as Freak, pale and breathless, niBhed into the room, j ; . . . "Wofl/t is the matter ?" I exclaimed in ietptr.; Vlhave passed him, miasedhim again," VMseiedwhomr , .' The 4emon fhpt is always qfter. me. Have yo» not seen him, Madge? He was heje fchispnarning, looking through -the win dow. He'wants your soul now. as well as nsse.j'bnt- I'll bafile him yeit, Tllbaflle him yet" He saakintoapbair, buried his head in jusfaands, aodgroaned aloud. Good heavaoa, wis, then, was the accret ive WM madl All wag now explained-my shrinking fromiiun-hu mysterious conduct -4&8tru«e:fcaino<ixs. . .:i; *' ' Ulwjth my eyes closed. I heard [.approach the bedt out I did 1 aprofoond sigh and left ill: sprang from the bed; flung . i; ?ap to the stables at the onse. and told the bo/to ride as Id to lb., Macdonald e, a uaftera, ~ TwanteatoHeehlm at once.. _ sdL "**. u>i aboatit.th^ ?' he; , l it for B0M16 time past. 5"he attack is coming on again." "Agunf' I exclaimed, aghast. .' Is it possible that you do not know ' , He pauaed. "I know nothing," I said bursting into | tears. At that moment Frank came in. , " I think your wife ia very ill," Mr. Mac donald said to him; "you had better send to the township for the doctor." I caught his meaning, pretended to be ill, and before evening the doctor waa in the house. After an interview with my huBband he confirmed my worst suspicions by telling me that in a very short time Frank would be a raving lunatic-that there waa no time to be lost, but he must be taken to Melbourne at once and placed under restraint. That was a strange night. Frank walked up and down the bedroom muttering to himself, and I lay wide awake watching him, but closing my eyes whenever he approached the bed. Once his fingera atrayed nervously over my pillow, as though longing to clutch me by the throat. I waa not very frightened, for Mr. Macdonald and the doctor were both in the house, and I.knew that the slightest cry would bring them at once to my assistance ; beaides, 1 could not believe, even then, that Frank would do me.any harm. Towards morning, - in apite of, my nervous ?eas, I fell asleep from exhaustion. I was aroused by the sound of a horse in full gallop. Frank had left the room ! I; wrapped my dree§ing-gown about me and ran out of the house just m time to intercept , Mr. Mac donald, who came, riding like.mad, round from the stables. " What is the matter ?' I cried. " Where is Frank ?" " He has mounted "Fiend and is making for the Devil's Peak! I am afraid he will do himself a mischief," said Macdonald, riding away. My heart sank within me. Fiend was a half-broken horse, that had earned his name by his inextinguishable viciousness. There was not a man on the station who could do anything with him, but Frank had insisted upon keeping him, findirig some atrahge fascination in his unsuccessful struggles with the wild and untameable animal. Now, evi dently in a fit of frenzy, he had mounted him, and started off at this frantic pace to- what 1 I dared not think. I waa nearly mad, too. I bad not long to wait; too Boon the terrible news came. Frank had ridden to the very top of the Devil'sPeak, plunged his spurs into the aidea of the frantic beast he was riding, and taken one wild leap over the hill-side into the valley below. There, both he and his horse were found quite dead. I have never known whether my poor hus band suspected some plot against his liberty, or whether hia mad ride was merely an ebulli tion of frenzy, utterly without motive. I now discovered that before our marriage he.had passed a year in a lunatic asylum; and that was the year during which I received no letters from him. Hia remorseful utterances, which had so often surprised me daring our married life, .were doubtless caused by some struggle with conscience thatlie had . gone through before he had determined to keep his madness a secret and to carry outjusengage ment. ' * ' ?* ' After hia tragic end,-1 returned tojrny home in England. \ . ] Many years have passed since' then, and I am again living in Australia, hut norir I am j a pontented and a happy wife. < The bush,. ? once so hateful, has become fall of jnghts and sounds of beauty to me, for nature but reflects what she finds in ovuc own hearts: if "?! we are happy, her very tears seeiniail oi pro- > miseiif.ead,.her bry^t§8t;«RnaJune hat an j insult and a mocker;.' * ' " - - . 