THE GREAT GOLCONDA MINE. (Written expressly for the Tasmanian) By JOHN NOTTAGE, Author of " Half a Century Ago," "Retribution," etc. CHAPTER V.—THE FINDING OF THE MINE. I stopped, and turning round looked at the philosopher, who was struggling through the scrub and ferns. A quiet smile was all that he took of the abrupt departure of our erratic companion. After a time he observed, " Poor fellow, he has led us to the verge of discovery, and now suddenly mistrusts. Well, if he turns up again we must take him our confidence, that's all ; and I daresay we shall be able to make the poor fellow comparatively comfortable in, his latter days ?" " But I don't feel quite easy with re- gard to our tent," I answered. " This half crazy felow takes queer notions into his head, and might fancy that if he could destroy our belongings he could throw us off the scent." " True, yet I do not feel anxious ; somehow I think he will leave this part, if here it is that he has hitherto lived." " It cannot be always here that he has lived, because, look at the distance I was from here when I first encountered him." " Oh, well, we will chance it for to-day at any rate. Let us trace the creek to its source, and wash occasionally. If we find the colour we shall be justified in con- cluding that the body is to be found." Acting upon the philosopher's resolution we followed the creek to where it became only a little trickling, slimy ooze. We re- turned, marking our track carefully un- till we came in sight of our tent. As we passed the spot where I had met Scotty, I saw that his tin dish was still there, and I concluded that he would return when the suspicious fit had been over- come. Arming ourselves with such ap- pliances as answered our purpose, we con- tinued the search up the creek several days, finding two other smaller ones that seemed to ooze out of the same rock. The precious metal was present in all these creeks in very small quantities, and ceased in the ooze at about the same level in each. But it is needless for me to tell you all that we did during the succeed- ing days of our stay at the amphitheatre, as a we termed it. The philosopher justified his few friend's admiration and confidence by the calm, careful, yet zealous search that he kept up during the long summer days, never kindling into enthusiasm nor sinking into despair. With regard to my- self I cannot speak so favourably. I confess to feeling a positive hunger and thirst after the discovery There, so close to us, yet eluding us— there, as assuredly as we were, yet mocking us with specks and colours and indications. The stock of provisions was exhausted, we must return, and we had not found the great object of our search, the reward of our toils, our endurance, our privations. Which of us should remain? I was younger than the philosopher by a year or two, and I volunteered to tramp back again and bring up what was necessary for us to prolong our endeavours. " But," I said, doubtfully, " you will not have enough to keep your soul and body together until I return." The philosopher smiled. " Man wants but little here below, Nor wants that little long." he said. " I am all right, go, and get back again as quickly as possible." So we shook hands and separated. I went home, for home I call the philos- opher's house, in less time than I could ever do the distance before or since, and then shouldering my "swag," a most un- merciful load it was, I started once more for the amphitheatre. The second night after I had left home I had to encounter the most terrific thunderstorm that ever I remember to have experienced. My situation was anything but pleasant. It was not impossible that the huge tree which had served me on my former journey as a resting place might become the object of the forked lightning's particular regard, and even if it did not the storm of wind which accompanied the thunder threatened to wrench it from its mother earth, and crush me beneath its tremendous weight. How it cracked and groaned ! How wild was the riot of swaying trunks and crashing branches ! The heavy rain beat in upon me, the incessant lightning flashes almost blinded me, but there I was compelled to remain, not knowing from one minute to another whether I should not be hurried into eternity, or left there (more frightful thought) mangled and helpless, slowly to die. Although, after as it seemed at the time an interminable period, the storm ceased, the thunder clouds travelled on, the stars again looked down upon the soaked earth. Wet and too much excited to sleep, I was stirring as soon as day broke, and reached the tent without any other occurrence worthy of note. I found the philosopher sitting thoughtfully by the fire, and his kind, noble face brightened at my welcome. " Not a moment too soon, Mr Harrowby," he said; " I was beginning to feel hungry." " I suppose you have not had anything to eat since morning." " I don't believe I had any breakfast," he answered with a quiet smile. " You are the most extraordinary fellow, I ever encountered," I answered. " Nonsense—I am not so strange as Scotty, for instance." " I don't believe Scotty would or could go without food for a day, and take it so comfortably as you do." The philosopher laughed. "The fact is," he said, " I haven't any appetite even now, though I have eaten nothing since yester eve, and then not much." " I hope you are not going to be ill," I said anxiously. " Oh no—I am well—quite well. But let me get to work and cook you some food. Whatever I am of one thing I am sure, that you are hungry." The philosopher unpacked the pro- visions, made the tea, cooked the meat, and spread our repast on a rude table con- structed of a sheet of bark. All the time he was busy with the viands I observed a peculiar light in his expressive face, and a smile occasionally broke over it. When I was sipping my tea, he asked " Where were you during the storm the other night ?" " In our halfway house," I replied, " and I hope I shall never have another such night in the bush." " We are immortal until our time comes," said the philosopher calmly. "We have not to work out our destiny." " The earthquake may be bid to spare The man that's strangled with a hair !" " True," I replied, "and it is the height of folly to be terrified at such dangers—but the fact is that the certainty of death would not have moved me half so much as the intolerable suspense. Im- agination pictured a thousand horrors to which death itself would have been sweet as the repose of ocean after a tornado." " Someone, let me see, who was it ? Oh ! I remember—old Rowland Hill said just before he gave up the ghost ' Ah ! we do not like to die !' But I have been very near to death, and he did not seem the king of horrors to me. It is our habit of thought to separate our existence into two parts, this life, as we called it, and the next ; but I look upon it only as one —we all have our work to do, and if we work hard during our week in the world we shall earn the rest of the grave, and have a glorious vacation somewhere else." " I wonder," I said, smiling, " what there will be for geologists to do there." The philosopher laughed quietly, " There is any amount of room for inves- tigation in the universe," he replied. ' Nor think Thee Lord of this alone, When thousand worlds are round.' If this poor old earth is such a puzzle to us, what infinity of puzzles may be there ? May not the thousand orbs afford oppor- tunities, for research and patient thought for ages to come ?" I smiled—the prospect of eternal in- vestigation and never ceasing search after light and knowledge was rather over whelmining, but the philosopher evidently enjoyed it. Now came the hour for retiring, and kindly sleep soon rendered me oblivious of the toils of the past or the disappoint- ments or successes of the future. The morning broke over the mountains bright and beautiful. We were early astir, and cooked our breakfast. Then the philoso- pher took his hammer and I my toma- hawk. " There will be no need for your weapon to-day, Harrowby; though you may as well bring it, perhaps. You are some- what excitable, you know, or I should have told you last night what I have to tell you now." He looked at me with a quiet smile on his lips and a twinkle in his blue eyes. I cannot say what the expression of my face may have been, but whatever it was the philosopher evidently meant to tanta- lise me a little longer. " Sit down, Harrowby. You are a young man yet. Now, tell me what is the first desire of your heart ?" It was a strange question, and I hesi- tated before I replied, "Money." " What," exclaimed my friend, with affected surprise, " the stuff that's ' Spurned by the young, though hugged by the old To the very verge of the churchyard mould ?' You don't mean to tell me that you are a mere money grubber ? If so, I have been more mistaken in you than in any man I over met with before." " No," I replied, "you have not been I mistaken in me. I said that money was the first desire of my heart because with- out it my life will be a contemptible non- sequitur. If I fail to grasp the wealth I am seeking, and for which I left England, I shall have to live on alone, without aim or purpose." " Alone ?" said the philosopher, " Ah ! you foolish fellow. I see how it is. Science is not so dear to you as some one of those Delilahs who shear our philoso- phical locks and bind us, with green withes of domesticity ! Well, Harrowby, you can go back to her—the mine is found ?" I have heard wild stories of, the dig- gings—of the effects that sudden and unexpected good fortune, produced upon poor fellows who had never, known what comfort or competence meant of one, whose weak brain was turned and who went mad in the consciousness of success ! I have read of another who when the huge lump of gold was raised to the sur- face dashed it into fragments with his pick in a frenzy of delight, and allowed the cooler ruffians around him to rob him of it, Now, I did not feel like these—but oh ! Hetty ! when poverty has clutched one from his birth—has narrowed his thoughts-has worn down and ground away much of his native no- bility—has made him a friendless, strug- gling, and sometimes a despairing man— and when in a moment it leaves him, takes from off him its cold bony hand, and permits the sunny face of prosperity to be seen—then, dear Hetty, cold would be the heart and dull as night the spirit of such a man as was not moved there- by. " Come on, Harrowby, and I will show you what the storm did for us," said the philosopher, as he turned briskly round and led the way. He told me afterwards that he saw immediate action was neces- sary to relieve my feelings, for I had turned pale and trembled. I strode on after him—up the creek that I mentioned formerly as the scene of my encounter with poor Scott. Onwards, without at word we went—the philosopher striding on a well defined track that he had cut, and keeping me at my best pace. At last we reached the head of the creek, our course being much impeded by trees that had succumbed to the violence of the storm. A few yards farther on a large tree had been torn up by the roots, and huge pieces of rock had rolled down the hillside. My friend sprang over one of the roots of the fallen tree, and I heard his hammer click—click! In another moment he was at my side again with the soft pinkish stone in his hand, and his finger pointing triumphantly to two little yellow specks ! It was all we needed. I will not trouble you with details of our after proceedings. We worked diligently day after day, returning to our home and bringing with us again such implements as were neces- sary to assure us of the value of our discovery. So days and weeks passed away, and nothing occurred to interrupt our labors or to change the current of our thoughts. In me a deep feeling of gratitude prevailed over all other emotions, and I found myself constantly questioning why I above all others should be so happy and fortunate. Occasionally doubts would intrude, some such utter- ances as "Thy sex is fickle" would mar my deep joy. But I thrust them aside, Hetty, for if you are not true then truth exists not in this sorrowful world of ours. But one day we made a discovery that saddened both of us, and brought forcibly to our minds the recollection that life is but an empty thing after all, whether it be what men call successful or otherwise. We had been exploring the range of hills that formed the amphitheatre, and were following the course of a creek that flowed from a considerable elevation between the hills. In several places the sandstone was hollowed out into minia- ture caves large enough for shelter in emergencies. At the head of the creek, to our astonishment, we found traces of fires and some cooking utensils, and con- tinuing our search came upon a much larger cave than the others, the entrance being cunningly concealed by a huge holder which, however, rolled easily aside. Stooping low we entered this natural abode, but an overpowering effluvia compelled us to retire for a few minutes. With the aid of an impromptu torch we again essayed to enter, and this time found what we dreaded, yet somehow expected—the corpse of poor maddened Scotty. With difficulty, for it was in an advanced stage of decomposition, we con- veyed it to the outside, and looked mournfully upon it. The tall, once powerful frame was there, but the wronged, outraged spirit—where was it ? We dug a grave, and laid the poor body there to rest until the last great convul- sion shall level the hills and upheave the valleys. How hecame by his death we were at a loss to tell, but it seems to me most probable that the excitement of our dis- covery of him had wrought upon his phrenzied imagination, and that an appo- plectic fit had put an end to his earthly troubles. We were sadder and wiser men after this episode, and having completed. our labours returned to my friend's home, there to make the best of our discovery of what the philosopher had resolved upon terming " The Great Golconda Mine." So now, dearest Hetty, you may live in daily expectation of seeing me, of again listening to "that infidel fellow who had wormed himself into your confi- dence." But it is too bad of me to quote your father's words after this long inter- val. Probably my wealth (for I am really wealthy, Hetty) will have the same effect upon your aunt and father that gold has upon the mass of mankind— The precious metal by thick or thin Can cover square acres of land or sin. So now farewell, and keep up a brave heart and a bright face to welcome me home. — Faithfully yours, THOMAS HARROWBY So Tom's dream was realised ! He had found his Eldorado ! Yes, there was no doubt about his reception, for hath not the rich many friends while the poor no man knoweth ? He was the same dear old fellow that he had always been to me, but oh ! between that infidel fellow Har- rowby, the poor half-starved student, and Thomas Harrowby, Esq., director or pro- prietor or whatever he was of the Great Golconda mine, what an immeasurable dif- ference there would be in the eyes of the little world of our parish ! How skilful my aunt would be in explaining away her dislike ; how strangely indifferent to the perils of Church and State would my poor father be when Thomas Harrowby, Esq., hinted that I had referred him to Mr Fairbairn ! I could afford to laugh a little at all these contemptible phases of human nature, for I knew that he was coming— would soon be here—my brave, true- hearted Tom. And he came at last, look- ing so brown and healthy and happy that I was almost beside myself with delight. I am not going to tell the reader the smallest part of what he said |when he came springing up the doorsteps and I met him in the hall. Aunt was abroad, father busy in his office, I not expecting him for a month to come, when there came a knock and a ring, and no sooner had Mary opened the door than in he bounded ! I asked him when we had reached the drawing-room, and he had let me out of his big strong arms for a few minutes, if he " hadn't had some misgivings as to his reception ?" " None whatever, Hetty," he answered, laughing. " But you know papa, forbade you ever to enter his house again, Tom." " Yes, Hetty, but, you see, I was not then part owner of "The Great Golconda Mine !" Tom had judged correctly. The evan- gelical party were quite satisfied with Mr Harrowby's orthodoxy when his name headed the subscription list for a large sum. My aunt always had entertained a high opinion of his abilities, and was de- lighted to find that she had been in error with regard to his theological views ! My father supplied the vial of his wrath upon poor Mr Mild's head ! "It was really disgraceful," he said, " that a clergyman should stoop to misrepresentation !" I confess to feeling a little humiliation at all this—but when I gave expression to my thoughts, Tom kissed me, and said simply, " Never mind, Hetty—" all's well that ends well." 