the revision bf the new "testament. The Rev. J. H. L Zillmann delivered an inttaegting Address in- Christ Church , on Tlisrsday eroiihg, the 21st inst., uptm'the recent translation of the New Testament. There was an excellent attendance, who listened throughout with the "greatest at- tention. ?- Therrw. gentleman said : Wbe|i nouncj Bc Stiii&ay; "tbst I would' CiaTl' your attention to some of the alterations thatunve been made-in revised Jspw, Testament, particulaily m .goepd eoording to St. Statthew, Ibis eveninul did jiot anticipate thit the announcement woqld excite so much interest and such anticipation, and I scarcely S®3is®er?®arfflf£d myself to a task which is something more formidable than X had .timuht ; however, with the help of God and your indulgence I hope to do the best I can in making some remarks upon the subject already indicated. The work of revising the books of tbe Bible commenced eleven years, ago, and it has continued ever since, being the longest re vision, I believe, that has , ever been made. The New Testament has at last seen the light, and in tbe course of a few months we may expect the revision of the Old Testa ment, and then we will have a complete revision of the sbripturesjbf God's holy book. The origin of the movement is gimpfy £his. From various causes too numerous to specify, influences have been at work up to the latter end of the first part of this century, and the need — tlie urgent need— was everywhere felt and acknowledged that a new translation of tbe Bible was necessary. The matter "was taken np, not only by the religious hut by the secular press, and it at length took a practical shape in cer tain resolutions which were passed iu both Houses of Convocation of Canterbury, which led to the Archbishop of Canterbury, our ecclesiastical head moving at once in the matter. He appointed some of the most dis tinguished scholars and divines of our own church, and .invited some of the leading scholars of the Churches of Scotland, and of various dissenting denominations, not omitting the Church of Rome on the one hand and the Unitarian on the other. We thus see a complete representation of all denomi nations in Christendom was formed, and a most comprehensive and Catholic committee appointed. At the same time a committee was selected by various churches in America, and they acted in concert and in co-opera tion with the English committee, to such an extent that the different chapters of the new Testament as they were revised by the re presentative comnritee passed across the Atlantic no less than four different in order that the American reyisors might re view what the English re visors bad done, and the English reyisors compare the yrk of theiAmericans. The .Interest, tbat has been universally -excited in connection with the publication, is proved from tbe fact that no sooner had it b» issued that one million of copies were immediately swallowed np. The disappearance of the first million of books was something wonderful, it has been said that it was' as though a drpp aif water had been- absorbed by a. bank of sand. The interest in America was if anything, greater than in the old country. The American newspapers published copies of the New Testament in their supplements before it was possible for the edition, as it bad passed out of the hands of the re visors, to appear in its proper form and be put ineirculation, and it is said that men in New York woe to be seen everywhere in the streets reading the revised edition with the greatest -possSile aviditv. "What book wf might ask in pasting could ever >excite ' greater interest than : that. Surely this is tbe book of God ; surely it is a ipoet inspired book to us,- and the most divine 1kx>k in creation. It has a wonderful and undying energy, - and like its great author, like Jesus Christ, we might say, "this is the book of God, for nothing could do the miracles that it does "wIaca God were with it." The old edition of the bible, commonly called the authorised version, we can liardly regard as having been superseded ; ultimately no doubt it will be, but not for the present, and probably not for the next generation. We might however, apply the words of St. John the Baptist to Jesus in reference to the new version : " He roust in crease. but I must decrease/' The interest in the old edition will gradually die out, and all interests aad associations will spring up in connection with the new one. However, ue ought to regard with the most sacred feelings the old book which, has nourished our Protestant faith co-extensive with our Protestant Christianity, around which there clusters so many endearing and hallowed associations. It has its own dis tinguished virtues, its own brilliant excel lencies. What more beautiful words than those of one who was at one time a celebra ted minister in our church, and who having seceded from it, has become a no less emi nent member of the Church of Rome. I refer to Cardinal Newman — who, when with us. was Doctor Newman. No doubt he spoke out of the deep feelings of his own heart when he said : " The marvellous English of the Protestant bible is something wonderful : it lives in the ear like music, never to be for gotten, like the sound of tbe church- going bells, we -can never forego. The memory of the dead passes into it, the patent tradi tions of childhood are stereotyped in its phrases, in the length and breadth of Eng land there is not a Protestant with one virk of religion in him whose spiritual biography is not containedin its phrases;" or to Tjuotc the words which have just oc curred to me of a celebrated American speaker ; " Every page of this book has been bedewed with tears of those whose eyes will weep ro more." Oh, surely then in parting from that old bible it should not be without some painful pangs and feelings of regret. We feel that the severance is not altogether a parting, but ultimately we must part from this friend, this tree under which we have sat, the fruit of whioh we have partaken, which lias nourished us in gbtydbood's years and in our more vigorous years of manhood, ire could almost say, in the words of the old song- Woodman spare that -tree ; Touch not a angle bough ; In youth it sheltered And TU protect it now. But although we part from it so far as ver biage goes, we do not part from its essential truths in -the new version. We have the same -grand old truths, the same consolatory lessons which will remain with us to go to future generations. Not one jot or tittle of God's word shall pass until all be fulfilled. That the revised edition is a more perfect translation is only to be expected. Dr. Augus,-onc of the company of the re visors, lulls us that in tbe year 1516 there were only sixteen manuscripts available in preparing the difficult. Greek testament, from which the authorised version is translated, whereas in tbe year of grace, 1SS1, there arc no less thau.fi,O0O anqieiit manuscripts available. It wasthefcfore'abticipated that 'we should haVc a more1 perfect translation, that there should be many but afar all is said, notwithstanding many changes in the text which appear they are scarcely noticeable. Bishop Ellicot tellE us that there are no less than nine ehanges in every -five verses of the gospels, and fifteen changes in every live verses of the epistles, yet he adds, "the difference to an ordinary reader would hardly ire perceptible." We might regret tlie omission of .nany words, the alteration of words and sentences, and the omission of many beautiful passages. Take for example \- tliat splendid story of Jesns, and the woman taken in adultery, which is left out, and also the "passage about the multitude of afflicted people at the pool of Bethesda. Thcn again, alterations in such passages as that which occur in the epistle of Paul to the Corinthians, are to be regretted. What could bcmoreeinphaticthan "Though Ispeak with. the tongues of men and angels, &c.;," and which has been altered to " If I speak." Although we may have gained the true meaning of that passage, yet we must all admit that it has lost the sonorous ting of the word and the eloquence which appears in the old version. There axe many such passages we must be content to give up. We must prove the doctrine of the Trinity by other passages than that of the three witnesses in the first epistle of St. John, for in the revised edition the words, " There are rhree which bear record in heaven, the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost," are excised. But the doctrine has a philosophical ground work apart from its theological aspect as taught in the New Testament, in the d.tp necessities of our natures. . It has been demonstrate-, and proved too well to hr-"e sprang from a particular passage like that. Then again, those who have rested their theory of belief in baptism on thestoiy of Philip and the eunuch, when, in reply to an inter rogation of the eunuch, " See here is water, Sfhtt.4o« hinder jne from being baptised the old version represents Philip saying "If thou believest with all thy heart thou mayest" That has been proved to be an faiprpnlflfniij SD J OUT Ssptist frlCflds XQUSt look for something else to help to prove their theory. Many omissions similar to these ore noticeable, but to the ordinary reader they will not be discernible. Only to-day, however, I was reading the Mel bourne correspondent's letter to oar local paper, and see tbat he indulges in a sneer at orthodoxy, and be tells ns there is -mncb reason for Christians to be troubled in mind. Surely if tbat were the case we would have heard of it from other authorities. But this is not apprehended by the orthodox revisors themselves. Bishop BSlicott, one of the most orthodox of the evangelical school of divines, speaks in terms of such assurance that there is no reason for ns being appre hensive or our faith ghah>ii in the Christian truth — in the Christian religion. I think a more candid view of the whole matter is that given in a sermon preached by Dean Stanley — I am soray to have to say the late Dean Stanley— in Westminster Abbey to a crowded congregation on the S unday but one after the revisedTestament had been issued. He referred to the revision of the New Tes tament, and remarked that within the last tfn Jays th<» result of the longest revision of the new testament which had been be gun, continued and ended within the walls of that Abbev had been laid before the pub lic, by whom It was received with keen and eager interest. It was well, it was useful that in the midst of fierce partisanship, wild ex citement division of sex, tumult of parties and conflict of passion, they should turn to the more careful perusal of the simplicity, the sweet moderation, the humble trust in God and in his son Jesus Christ which was set before them in the New Testament. For the first time an attempt had been made— im perfect though it was— to reach the original meaning of tbe sacred words, and never before had the y.wgligh nation bad the same opportunity of arriving at a faithful render ing. Discoveries liad been made since the previous authorised version which imparted to the new version a charm that none of its predecessors possessed, — the version of the sacred text now presented to them, enforced a lesson which they were always apt to for get which formerly was forgotten altogether, and which they were all the better for learn ing, and perpetuating with constantly increas ing interest — namely the truthofthescriptores that inspiration consisted not in the letter, bnt in tbe spirit ; not in a part, but in the whole ; not in a particular passage, but in the general tendency and dnft or the com plete word. The new version was not alto gether unworthy the attention with which it had been received. If we read that new version, and did not- carry its precepts into practice, then the eleven years of labour, time, and scholarship bestowed upon its pro duction would be thrown away ; but if on the other hand we obtained by it a fresh view and grasp of that earlier apostolic age and its divine teaching, if we learned from it to be more loving, more charitable, more forgiving, and more wise, then the labour of the revisors would hot be wasted." How ever, I must not occupy your time in general remarks, nor must I anticipate by making observations upon the alterations which ap pear in the books farther on in the New Testament. As announced, I wish to call your attention more particularly to some of the changes which have taken place in the Gospel of St. Matthew, and arrange my re marks under four heads, firstly in the text, secondly in the addition of words to the text, thirdly, alternative wording of pas sages not found in most, but in many of the ancient versions, and placed in the margin and lastly by quoting poetical writings in the proper metre of the ancient Hebrew verse in which they are found. Of course it will be impossible to extend my remarks to any great length, therefore I wOl be very brief in referring to each particular altera tion. One of tiie first is that passage on which I preached last Thursday evening, chapter 6, 25th verse, ' Therefore I say unto you, take no thought for your life what ye shall eat, &c;," appears in the old version; in the new we read, "Be not anxious for your life." All must admit that the latter exhor tation is an improvement upon the former one, which strictly and literally means "Give up life ''—therefore we are able to read that change in a more proper manner. Then, again, immediately before that we have an alteration in the Lord's Prayer. In the authorised book we have " Thy will be done on earth as it is in heaven," while here we have Thy will be done, as in heaven, so on earth." "Some newspapers are almost savage at the idea of altering the Lord's Prayer, which little children have learned to lisp at tbe mother's knee. They must re member that the Lord's Prayer that has been learnt like that, has been altered from the text as it appears in the authorised version, so that no objection can reasonably be taken on this ground. Again, in chapter 13, the 37th to the 39th verses, the changes there I think lose very mnch: "He answered and said unto them, ' He that soweth the good seed is the Son of Man, and the field, &c.;! " In the way it has been altered by the inser tion of "and," we miss what has been called one of the most laconic, pithy, and pointed pieces of description in the English language. In the 26th chapter, and the 16th i verse, the late translation makes the conduct of the traitor Judas appear more heinous : than it does in the old edition. Tbe new 1 version reads, " Then one of the twelve, who was called Judas Iscariot, went unto the chief priests and said, 'What are ye wil ling to give me and I will deliver him unto you 5 ' And they lodghed unto him thirty pieces of silver." You will remember that : in the authorised testament the 'words are : I " And they covenanted with him for thirty pieces of silver." In the former passage there comes out the winning and scheming of the traitor which has never appeared before, by the simple alteration of a single word He had his money wished out to him before he would do the dark deed of betraying the Lord Jesus. There are several other changes : in the text, but the time will not permit , quotation. However, I may say stiffs, that not a single alteration of the Gospel with which 1 am dealing, so far as I have read it, affects the sense in any material degree. Now, with regard to thealtorationofwomgby the revisors. In the preface we are told they have noted on the general principle of printing in italics words which do sot appear necessarily to be involved in the Greek, and the result is that there appear to be fewer italicised words in the revised Testament than there are in the old one. Now, what has been tbe effect of "these alterations. In chap. 2, verse 22, We -rcad in the authorised work, " of Joseph bring warned of God in a dream here the words, oj God, are put in italics, indicating that it is not in the original text, but that in no wise affects tlie truth. Chap. 5, verse 37, "Let your speech be yea. yea, nay, nay, and whatsoever is more than these is of tbe evil one." In the old book it reads, "of evil." Here we have the idea that any thing in the way of falsehood is suggestive of the deviL A timilaj- addition of the word one changes the Lord's Prayer, as we have now to say, " Deliver he from the evil one.". Many a sneer has been indulged in in refer ence to this. It is said that the version will be known to future ages as the one in which the devil has been put into the Lord's Prayer, but if the devil were not there be fore, he could scarcely have been put in by tbe revisors, because those learned men knew what they were about. The aigument hinged upon one word, perhaps it was of the neuter or of the masculine gender; if it were derided to lie the latter, the conclusion was. it must be a personage and the evil being musthavei>een referred to. However, if wc believe in the other teachings of God's Word, there is no difficulty about this sub ject. Farther on, in tbe 15th chap., ycrse 9, we read, "In rain did they worship me, teaching as their doctrines the precepts, of men," whereas in the old translation it is written, "Teaching /or doctrines the com mandments of men." The word their mako the condemnation of Scribes and Pharisees ' mnch more emphatic than it would have otherwise been Several other particulars X hare talren note of, bnt I have already trespassed too mucnon your time, and will proceed to the third head, alternative word ings. Sometimes in the margin we read of . ' t KA)npj"aTiil again ' many " ancient autiiori- ties, and that is just in so far as the ancient authorities are few or many, and remember it is stated hoe that the ancient authorities are these ' which date back to the fourth or fifth century. One of the first of these changes occurs in the doxology of the Lord's Prayer; " For thine u tin King dom the power and the gloiy." TiusiBleftout or rather appears in the margin as analteama- 1 live wording which is quoted only in some : ancient authorities, but thai does not affect its use in prayer, and I do not see any reason why It uhould not be retained. In the IStVchnp, lift vertej wire which can only be fonnd in Lake, "For S Son of man bas come to rave that which was lost." The revised test mite them as wordings showing ns that the besuitifnl description of tbe mission of the Lord Jesus given by St. Matthew is des cribed by many anoient authorities as well as by Luke. Then towards the close of the 27th chap, we have some sentences given as alternative wordings which only appear in St. John's Gospel, "And anothertook appearand ! pierced his side, and there came out water and blood," at tbe conclusion of tbe same chapter occurs the passage " And lo X am with you always even unto the end of tbe world," "or the consummation of tbe age." You will thus Bee tbat no seriouB or revolu tionary changes have taken place iu the Gospel of St. Matthew. Now with recardto the quotations from tbe books of the old Tor sion ; these are here' given in tbe metrical divisions of tbe original Hebrew, which is, to say the least of it very ' advantageous and helpful to tbe ordinary reader. No less than fourteen such quotations appear in St. Mat thew, and tbat will be sufficient to show yon how- frequent were the references to thescrip- tnres of the old Testament hy Jesus and tbe Apostles, and what a position of authority they occupied in tbe religious world. I have referred to the principal alterations which appear in this book, and the neat address will have reference to tbe changes in tbe Gospel of St. Mark. The address concluded with an exhortation to his hearers to prize more than ever the precious truths of the Bible, the value of which ' was no speculation or experiment, hat was tested by untold millions in past ages, whose lives had been purified and beautified by their teachings. 