POPERY VIOLATES THE WHOLE DECALOGUE. Popery overturns the Third Command ment. — The Pope takes extraordinary and" impious titles. He has even been called " Our Lord God the Pone." " SuDreme- Juage of Christians," " Head of the Church," " High Priest." It is assuming Divine authority, to claim to grant indulr/ gence.in siuiand to forgive- sin!.. Luther J said he began to entertain, doubts " whe-/ ther.itb'e Roman pontiff be not the very antichrist of the Scripture ;" and again, " I have little doubt that the- Pope is the real 'antichrist." Their lives, conversa-. tions, actions, and decrees were so wicked. The Church ' of Rome eveii destroys the binding, , obligation of oaths, hence the disorganisation and confusion in Popish | countries, . for it destroys the bond of ' human society. Peter Deus, speaking of priests, said that if a confessor -was asked J' concerning a truth which- he knew1 by ' sacramehtarcbhfessibn alone, he ought to" answer that he does not know; it;, and if , necessary confirm the same, h/ ah path. The clergy may break a promissory! oath, . " when a legitimate cause excuses," and . in one of the text-books of Maynooth College there is a chapter..- with1 the title " Of the 1 causes which prevent- or take away the obligation of aii oath." The Bible says, " He that swearetli to his neighbour! and disappointeth . him not, , tHbugh it wbre to his own hindrance." . The Romish Church says. " The hindering, of a greater good prevents the obligation of an oath." A superior in the Church of Rome can make void the , oaths - of his in feriors. , There, is a systematic contempt , for oaths in.all Popish countries. - , Louis,, N apoleon was, made a saint by Rome,1 yet he had publicly violated the most- solemn'11 oath a. man could take, but popery gained- by it, therefore, his perjury was vindicated. Gavazzi, at St. Albans, said it was the Papacy-- that- had: taught rebellion, ;.by teacHitfg the people 'to, thihk-'bne1 way -and speak, another. ., Popery makes void, the fourtlv command--- meiit tin hothipdvts both in1 the " six days of labor " ; and - the " one day bf :rest." . This ' commandment ' condemns idleness, but;in"the Romish Church " voluntary:, poverty." is considered highly laudable! Systematic ..beggary is; carried, on in all1 Popish countries, -,and this ..is one great cause of their jpoverty. Paul said, " If any man will hot work,1 neither shall, he eat." Jesus said; - " Give us our . daily'! bread,"- not our neighbours. : Honest labour is taught by the whole 'Bible. The innumerable Saints' days which; all /Papists are required to ; observe; are an; immense. barrier. In . the way of. industry;,', and they - are generally days of riot and siri. .' There is.no such thing as a> Sabbath of'rest in .a!, thoroughly 'Popish; country. , ;!In , Spain, .! Sunday-'is a regular, day of - toil , for! the, poor , man; and bull-fights are , generally- ;- held on the Sunday. . , ! The fifth commandment is set at defiance by Popery. — It makes, all temporal /power entirely subordinate to the spiritual. In the days of Thomas -a Becket the ecclesi- astics' had renounced' all immediate subor dination to the magistrate. Obedience to parents Popery sets at defiance, when ever she has an .bbjeet'to, gain.!!; Shbt bn-;> courages ' daughters to' enter ' convents:;: without the consent of their parents, and, pronounces a fearful curse on any who would set them free; ffom their unlawful oath. The Council of Trent, says Let;- no professed nun come, out of vher /monas-i tery, under any pretence whatever, not" oven, for a moment." The commandnienty" Thou shcilt'noi kill " is , overturned-, in many -ways. — The -Scrips- tures declare that : " Whosoever hateth ;liis brother is. a murderer," and .the whole system of personal-cursing which prevails in the Church of Rome is a plain/violation of this commandment. The.lower orders of, the Irish think themselves -justified in hating; and injuring those; who differ from them in religion. , : We , are told . to- bless, - and not to curse, and the religion of Christ ! should be;one of love ; , but, the -Popish'. Church cherishes.. and inflames -the: most') furious and envenomed hostility against all11 who presume to differifrom it.. The language1! and spirit of Rome's curses iis thafc of ln- carnate fiends. The/priests directly- co?z-i nive at murder, of which: they' arempprisedj beforehand in the confessional.- ; The, whole theory of persecution sets at nougkt the' sixth commandment. Popery i openly as serts that- all heretics, should .be put .to- death. The. fearful massacre of- the! Waldenses and Albigenses, along with the> fires of Smithfield , and the. burning, of John Huss, accompanied by deliberate perj ury , are well known. The ' fearful massacre of St. Bartholomew in 1572!took place with the most cordial apprphation of ..the' Pppei. Some of the leading saints of Popery vindicate self-murder. , ,-i That Popery systematically promotes the violation y of the seventh commandment is well known. The lives of the Popes, the process of catechising in the confessional, and the law of celibacy engender this. 'Pome makes stealing in small quantities and in certain circumstances to .be only a venial sin. Thus she trains her votaries to break the eighth commandment; and this accounts for the cheating and dishonesty in Popish countries, and the want of fidelity in Popish servants. 'Lying is also placed among the venial sins.— -It is not only tolerated, but the most minute instructions are given in re gard to the most expedient and successful, ways of doing it. Their " samples oft equivocation and mental reservation " are as. widely different from the simplicity" and sincerity of the gospel as can be. imagined. ' , ' There is not a more striking peculiarity of Popery than its covetous spirit.— It places covetousness among >the seven mor tal sins.; nevertheless everything on which theiOhurch of Home casts a covetous eye she seizes. Itrobs the widow and orphan,1 drains the poor of their hard-earned pence, j robs rich orphans of their inheritance and Shuts, them up in her convents for life. , ,i;. In the Church of Home it is reputed a great act of devotion to go on pilgrimages. to visit ;the shrines . of particular saints and relics. Jesus said, " The hour cometh 1 when ye shall, neither at this place nor! yet at J erusalem, worship the Father. The, hour eometh and now is when the, true worshippers shall, worship the Father ; in spirit and in truth; for the Father: seekethsuch to worship Him." "Where: two- or three are gathered together in myi name, there am I in the midst of them." St. Paul says, "Twill therefore that men pray everywhere without wrath and doubt ing" 'The Church of Home says that it has, not seemed expedient to the Fathers that; the Mass should he celebrated in . the; vulgar itongue. Paul says that in tho Church he would rather speak five words with his understanding Lthat by his voice he might teach others also, than, ten thousand words in an unknown tongue.-' He. gives' directions that prayers are to be made which the people' understand. Home prohibits .the eating of certain articles of food at certain times. This is shown to be no help to religion by the Scriptures. " Every creature of God is good," "Meat commendeth us not to God," " Let no man therefore j udge you in meat, or in drink, or in respect of an holy day, or of the new moon, or of the Sabbath day," " The kingdom of God is not meat and drink, hut righteousness, peace and joy in the Holy Ghost," Popery thus, by destroying the rule of Faith by its fundamental doctrines, its corruptions iu doctrine and in worship, and in ' making void the whole Decalogue, has shown itself to be uuscriptural. . . 