NEWS BY THEMAIL. THE DESTRUCTION OP THE OPERA HOUSE AT NICE. It appears that a very large proportion of the loss of life in connection with the above calamity is attributable to the serious error in construct ing the theatre of- having omitted to provide sufficient facilities for the egress of a large audience, loose wno were ill tbe stalls ana in two or three lower tiers of tbe boxes were able to escape, but the more numerous crowd who had occupied the upper tiers and the galleries were hopelessly jammed on the stairs and in the doorways, where the darkness increased their alarm. On the stairs leading from the galleries some persons fell down, and were themselves fallen over by others ere long, so that those who were trying to make their way down it in total darkness found it barred by a human wall, while soon the smoke reaching tire place added the dangers of immediate suffocation to those already apparent Some few jumped out of window to meet death in their fall, and two or three others were seriously hurt by jumping over into the bail below. When the firemen, the sailors of the squadron in harbour, and the soldiers arrived, they had to take the lamp, from carriages outside in order to see their way up this staircase through the smoke. On the upper landings they found complete barriers of human bodies, from which it was only- with the greatest difficulty that a few were extri cates. Most of them were dead, either from the. pressure of the crowd or suffocation from the smoke. A very few were restored to life after much care and exertion. Outside, a vast crowd watched the progress of tbe fire, tbe flames rising to a great height, while pieces of biasing wood and red-hot charcoal were carried across the house tops, some falling even into the harbour. The soldiers risked their lives freely in their endeavors to save those of others, and at length General Carrey de Bellemsxe, who assumed the command, found it necessary to forbid further risks of their own safety in efforts which had by this time become futile. There is every reason to believe that some of the soldiers and sailors, as well as two firemen, have lost their lives. The state of the building after the fire had been put ont showed how appalling was the catastrophe. The stairs lead ing to the galleries were covered with a confused litter of hats, coats, clo-bing of every kind, boots, gloves, opera-glacses, Ac. The walls were covered all along their length with great blotches of , blood, which are to be found even near the bottom of the stair:. Many <ot these traces may have been from the hands of those engaged iu carrying out some of the sufferers. The stage and saloon have been entirely de stroyed, and the fittings of tbe theatre, boxes, Ac., have all become a mass of cinders and ashes. The city of Nice is in mourning, and the mayor has issued a proclamation setting forth that any public rejoicing for any event is impossible in the face of this calamity, and the fStes which were to have taken place cannot be given. The cost of these fetes will now be de voted to the alleviation of tbe miseries caused by the catastrophe. Ainougst the victims by the fire, four English names appear. They are as follows : Eliza Kennedy, eighteen years of age, Catherine Kennedy, twenty-two yearsof age, their brother, and Mrs. Magnay. They were all natives of Edinburgh, and were studying at Nice, under Signor Lamperti, and were in the theatre at the time of the explosion. They were all of great promise as singers. A feeling of much regret has been expressed in Edinburgh at the calam ity which has thus befallen Mr. Kennedy, the Scotch vocalist, the father of the above-named, in the loss he has suffered. These yonng people left Edinburgh about three weeks ago for the purpose of pursuing their studies under Signor Lamperti. The son, Mr. James Kennedy, who was twenty-five years of age, had for a long time assisted his father, and was possessed of consid erable musical talent, while the two daughters, only recently appeared in public, and they also gave promise of a successful career. Mr. Robert Kennedy, another member of the family, who happened to be at Milan at the time of the disaster, went to Nice and recognised the bodies of his brother and sisters. In a telegram to his father he stated they were recognisable beyond the possibility of a doubt About a hundred bodies are still supposed to be lying in the ruins, which are now being cleared away. According to those who escaped, no words can describe the horror of the scene which ensued in the dark lobbies while the flames were licking the pros cenium, and the heavy smoke from the burning scenery was gradually stifling those who were trying in vain to force their way onwards through doors blocked up with the bodies of those vrho had fallen down fainting, to be trampled tinder foot Colonel Fisher, who commanded the Uth Regiment, stationed at Nice, was in the theatre with his wife and daughter. Providentially all three managed to make their esoape, but the Colonel's sword, left in the box, has since been found in a half molten state. Madame Bianca Donadio, the prism donna in whose honour Zueix di Lammermoor was being sung, had just left the stage when the explosion took place. She did not know her way abont the theatre, but surprised in the dark by the first rush of affrighted chorus singers, she was literally carried ont into the street before she knew where she was. O there of her colleagues were not so fortunate, for a number of them are still missing, though it may fairly be conjectured that the majority have been taken into the houses of people in the neighbourhood where their hurts are being attended to, and where they are reoovering from the hurts they have received. The basso Oottini'e body has been identified, end feara are entertained (hat the tenor has shared the same fete. Signor Cottini was a young ami promising singer. It was not the first time he had been under fire, for he was very nearly bumed to death at the confla gration at the Theatre des Arts at Rouen. He was to have token the part of the Ghost in Hamlet on that oooasion, and he was compelled in his full suit of armour to jump from a second-floor window Into the street He was caught on some mattresses, bnt he was so much hmt and shaken that very alight hopes were en tertained of his recovery. He did get well, but fate appears to have marked him out as the victim of the devouring element, for, after escaping at Bonen, be has now been burnt to death at Nice. 