IN our last issue we published a full report of the speeches of the members representing this portion of the colony, on the motion of Air. SLATTERY for the remission of interest on conditional purchases. The addresses' of Messrs. DAY and LYXE may be considered as fairly representing the views of the great bulk of the landholders on the question at issue, and as containing the principal arguments that are advanced in favor of the proposed concession. Of fllr. DOUGLAS'S remarks, we are bound to say that they are not in accord with the views of the selectors even in his own district; and further, that they do not convey anything like an accurate statement of the facts of the case. Mr. DOUGLAS asserts, in the first place, that the selectors require no concession from the state. He knows " no class of people more thriving or prosperous than the free selectors ol this colony." His argument, in short, is that the selectors in getting the land at £1 per acre have secured a particularly good bargain, and are very well off indeed. In justice to Mr. DOUGLAS, it is only fair to say that if all the land between the Murray and Murrumbidgee were of the same character as that in the immediate vicinity of his own property, there would be a good deal of force in his observations. Wo are well aware that in the neighborhood where Mr. DOUGLAS resides there is a large area of land the carrying capabilities of which are probably equal to two sheep per acre. On such a country as that there is no doubt the selector could pay the interest and make a good living besides; and there is no reason in the world that he should not be compelled to do so, more especially if, as Mr. DOUGLAS tells us, he is willing and anxious to continue the payment. But unfortunately all the country is not so good as to be able to carry two sheep to the acre. In this neighborhood, for example, it is considered first-class land that carries one sheep to the acre; and in a good deal of the rough hill-country up the Murray it would take several acres to support one sheep. Mr. DOUGLAS'S reference to a sale of farms a few weeks ago, when the land realised from £'2 up to £5 per acre, has really nothing to do with the question of the general value of land in this district; or if it has any bearing on the subject, it is merely as an exceptional instance proving the truth of the general rule. The land disposed of at the prices named consisted of one or two first-rate agricultural holdings at Iiowlong, situated within gunshot of a local mill on the one hand, and only few miles distant from a railwaystation on the other. It was the proximity to a market for the produce that gave the land its value, and this is evident from tho fact that land of even better quality less than twenty miles distant is actually unsaleable at half the price paid for the Howlong farms. The merits of this question can never be properly decided upon such obviously one- sided views as those entertained by Mr. DOUGLAS. We quite agree with him that there is land in this and other portions of the colony worth £2 or £3 or even £5 per acre, just as in Victoria choice portions might be chosen worth a much higher price; but these instances form the exception rather than the rule, and the argument for some concession to the selectors is based on the requirements of the great bulk of the landholders, not upon the condition of a fortunate minority. As a matter of simple justice, it is cleat that a man should not be required to pay the same rent for country worth 10s. per acre as for land worth 40s.; and the sooner, therefore, the real value of the laud is ascertained and the payments adjusted proportionately, the better it will bo for tho country as well as for the selectors. Tho argument that the community in general would suffer by the remission of the whole or part of the interest charge, will not bear examination. But for the selectors the land would still remain in the hands of the pastoral lessees, bringing in one farthing per acre. The capitalized value of the fee-simple at this rent has been more than paid already, and the selectors are willing to pay up the balance, if only allowed to do so upon terms that are reasonable and not more liberal than those permitted in other colonies. There is consequently nothing extortionate in the demand for the abolition of interest, and it is a demand which if the selectors are only true to themselves will sooner or later be acceded to. In the meantime, however, as the feeling of Parliament at present is against the concession, efforts should be directed towards ob- taining a classification of the whole of the lands of the colony in order to show unmistakably what the country is worth. THE annual meeting of the Albury and Border Pastoral and Agricultural Society, advertised for the 28 th of the present month, marks the commencement of a new and important era in the society's existence. This year, for the first time, the committee will have an opportunity of making their annual show what it ought to bo—the largest and most successful exhibition held in any of the country districts of New South Wales. That it has not attained this status before, has been owing in some measure to the isolation of the town from the principal grazing ccntres. In previous years the competition of stockowners from the Murrumbidgee district could hardly be expected, because of the serious loss of time, expense and risk connected with the transport of exhibits. Now, however, that the extension of the railway to the Murray has opened up a cheap; 6afe, and expeditious means of reaching Albury, the committee may reasonably hope to secure the support of breeders of stock all along the line of railway to Wagga Wagga, and it may be from a point a good deal farther north than the Murrumbidgee, In order to command this support, and to place the Albury show in its proper position, however, special exertion will have to be made by the committee, and various alterations and improvements carried into effect. Some useful hints in this respect may be gained from the letter published in our last issue from Mr. GEO. MACKAY, than whom the society has no more zealous supporter, nor one better calculated by a large experience to point out defects and suggest the remedy. As Mr. MACKAY very justly observes, an effort should be made to enlarge the area of tho show-ground, at present all too small for the performance of hunters and four-in-hand teams—one of tho most attractive features of show. Then, again, a better system should be introduced in connection with the issue of entry tickets; and proper precautions taken to prevent the unauthorised admission of larrikins, and the pilfering of the smaller exhibits. A guarantee of improvement in these directions will tend to increase the confidence of exhibitors and enhance the number of entries. But there is one matter of even more importance than these. In referring a few months since to the newly-formed Albury Bacing Club, we offered a word of cartion against making the prizes too large—a fatal error fallen into by those recently having the management of local turf affairs. In the case of the Pastoral and Agricultural Society the hint needed is rather in the opposite direction. For .an association assuming to represent the large and wealthy district indicated by the title of the society, the prizes are altogether too insignificant. It is all very well to assume that a good many of the exhibitors compete for the mere kudos of winning, but at the same time it must be remembered that under the most favorable conditions a good deal of expense is entailed upon every f competitor, and that the majority of people do not care to incur the outlay without at least some chance of being recouped for their expenditure. In the principal sections, therefore, if a good muster of stock be desired, the value of the prizes should bo increased. Tills, of course, would make a heavier drain upon the funds of the society, but there is good reason to believe that it would be compensated for by an increase in the attendance consequent upon the enhanced attractiveness of the exhibition. But with the large area of country now opened up by tho railway, the list of subscribing members ought to be increased sufficiently to allow of a liberal advance in the sum allotted for prizes; and if the claims of the society upon the pastoraJists and agriculturists of the district, and upon the traders of the town, were properly, recognised, there would be no complaint of scarcity of funds. In any case, however, the reform indicated ought to be carried out, even if it involved a decrease in the number of awards. The principal prizes of the Albury and Border Pastoral and Agricultural Society ought to be worth the winning. THE returns of revenue and expenditure for the first quarter of the present year have been published with unusual punctuality, the Gazette containing the statement having been issued from the Government Printing Office on the 1st of the month. The figures are, on the whole, of a highly satisfactory character. The receipts for the quarter are £588,877 13s. Sd., against £476,515 13s. 5d. for the corresponding period of 1880, showing an increase in favor of the present year of £112,362 0s. 3d. Under the heading of "Revenue Proper," the returns show a large increase in the duties on tobacco and cigars, spirits, tea, opium, rice, and dried fruits. The receipts Irom specific duties also show an advance of £7820, whilst the only large falling-off is in the sum received on account of sugar and molasses—£7101. After deducting this sum and allowing for a slight decrease in two other items, the net increase in the amount received through the Custom-house is in round numbers £29,000. The Stamp Act is a new source of revenue for this quarter as compared with the corresponding period in 1880, and it yields £35,146 15s. 5<L The receipts from licenses have advanced from £6458 to £7193 ; and the total proceeds of taxation to £347,736, against £272,170 in the first quarter of last year. The land revenue shows an increase in every item salve one. The deposits on conditionol purchases have advanced from £59,580 to £117,799—an increase almost equal to cent, per cent.; but the " improved purchases" have made a still more extraordinary jump. For the first quarter of 1880 they yielded £35,680 ; last quarter they gave £199,140— an increase of over four hundred per cent. The total proceeds of land sales for the quarter are £527,844, against £227,411 in the first three months of 1880. It is, however, highly unsatisfactory to note that the sum received as rent of land in pastoral occupation does not iucrcasc proportionately with the development of the country which might naturally be expected to render the unalienated portion of tho public estate more valuable every year. The sum received in respect of rents generally was £12,451 in the March quarter of 1880; this quarter it is only £10,742. The receipts on account of services rendered show a fair advance. The railways give £58,728 more than in the previous period, showing an advance of about 25 per cent. The post office returns have also advanced from £61,392 to £72,352; and other minor sources of revenue have increased proportionately. THE Anatomy Bill which passed the Legislative Assembly last week contains provisions the purport of which may be summarised as follows:—The Governor is empowered to grant licenses for tho practice of anatomy to any graduate or licentiate in medicine or surgery, to any qualified medical practitioner, and to any teacher or student of anatomy, provided the application for any such license be countersigned by a magistrate certifying to the bona of the applicant. It is made lawful for any executor, or other person in lawful possession of a dead body, to permit the same to undergo anatomical examination, unless such executor is aware that such a disposal of the remains had been objected to by the deceased before his death, or is objected to by surviving relatives. For the purposes of the Act, the surgeon of any hospital and the keeper of any gaol are declared respectively to ho persons having lawful possession of the body of any person who shall die in such hospital or gaol respectively. If any person, in writing attested by two witnesses, shall at any time during his life direct that his body after death be examined anatomically, such direction is to be carried into effect, unless the nearest known relative require the body to be interred without such examination. In no case, however, is a body to be removed for anatomical purposes until after twelve hours from the time of death, nor until a certificate of the cause of death has been given by the qualified medical practitioner who attended the deceased. If no practitioner attended the deceased during his or her illness, then the opinion of the magistrate holding the usual inquiry into the circumstances of the death will take the place of the medical certificate. NEW SOUTH WALES PARLIAMENT.— Parliament was prorogued on Wednesday last. THE CHIEF JUSTICE.—His Honor the Chief Justice arrived in Albury yesterday afternoon. ALBURY CUSTOM-HOUSE.—The collections at the Albury Custom-house for the month of March amounted to .£1839 19s., making a total for the quarter of £5296 18s. THE WAGGA RACES.—Tickets at excursion rates will be issued on the Southern Railway on April 12 and 13 from Albury and intermediate stations to Wagga Wagga. DECLARATION OP WEIGHTS.—Elsewhere we ublish the weights declared for the principal Eandicaps at che Wagga Wagga and Little Billabong annual races. ILLNESS OF THE MARQUIS OF NORMANBY.— The Melbourne papers announce that his Excellency the Governor of Victoria has been suffering from an attack of fever and ague. THE TAWANGA ROAD.—The sum of .£1000 has been granted by Government to the Yackandandah Shire Council towards the completion of the Tawaoga-road, Upper Kiewa; the council to expend £250 towards the same object. DIPHTHERIA.—As usual at this time of the year, various forms of zymotic disease have made their appearance in town. Several cases of diphtheria have occurred, and in one or two instances have terminated fatally. ELECTORAL REVISION COURT.—A special court of petty sessions will be held at Wodonga on Monday, 18th April, at 10 a.m., for the purpose of revising the supplementary electoral list for the Wodonga division of the Eastern Province. ALBURY GOLDMINING COMPANY.—The new shaft is now down 111ft. A trial crushing of 50 tons of mullock is now going .through the mill. Should it be found to pay expenses, some hundreds of tons will be passed through. ALBURY WATER SUPPLY.—At the regular meeting of the Borough Council on Wednesday the Mayor announced that the plans for the Albury water supply had at length come to hand, and would be considered at a special meeting to be held on Wednesday next. THE BROOKONG SHEEP-STEALING CASE.— Elsewhere we publish full report of the trial of the men committed on a charge of stealing certain sheep, the property of Mr. Halliday, of Brookong. All the prisoners, it will be observed, were convicted. THE MELBOURNE EXCURSION.—In compliance with the request of a number of Wodonga and Chiltcrn residents, introduced to the Victorian Minister of Railways by Mr. Kerferd, the excursion tickcts issued on Thursday, the 31st ult., have been made available for return up to the evening of Wednesday next. THE CIRCUIT COURT.—'The following is the list of prisoners for trial at the ensuing sittiu'g of the Circuit Court:—Henry Wilkinson, alias Burt, charged with murder ; Joseph Wallace Layton, rape; W. Pearce and J. M'Lennan, aggravated assault; Frank Smedley, stealing a till; Frank Bedford, housebreaking. URANA.—A correspondent at Urana says :— " The country in the neighborhood has been immensely benefited by the late timely rainfall. Tanks and dams are full to overflowing, and the grass has already made a grand start." We may add to th6 foregoing that similar reports are to hand from almost every other part of the district. ROLL OF ELECTORS DECLARED VALID.—The rolls of electors for the Towong and Mitta Mitta divisions of the Benambra electorate have been declared valid. It appears that there was some irregularity in connection with the revision of the lists, which rendered a special proclamation in the Goodie necessary to their validity. RAINFALL AT MULWALA.—We are indebted to Mr. W. Sloane, jun., for the following statistics : —4*80in. fell in March, making a total of 7'58in. for the present year. In 1880 the total for the first quarter was 5-93in.; in 1879, 4-30in.; in 1878,10'54in,; in 1877,3 63in.; in 1876, l'77in. : giving an average for the six years of 5-62in. OUTGOING ENGLISH MAIL.—The next outgoing mail, via Melbourne, will be despatched from that city on Monday next, the 11th inst., closing at the General Post Office at 11 a.m. on that day. Letters from this district will therefore have to be posted in Albury not later than midday tomorrow. WAGRA.—We regret to learn that the resident of Wagra referred to in our last issue as having been the recipient of an anonymous threatening letter, or rather notice, has since received another communication of a similar nature, but even more horribly worded tban the first. Vigorous efforts are being made to trace out the author, and it is to be hoped they may prove successful. IMPORTANT LAND SALES.—We call attention to an important sale of town lands to be held by Messrs. W. C. Steel and Co. this day at the Albury Hotel. Messrs. C. L. Griffith and Co. also hold a large sale at the Globe Hotel next Thursday. In all some thirty blocks are to be offered, consisting of land in some of the best positions for private residences in the town. THE CASE OF H. E. HOLLAND.—Henry Edward Holland, charged with obtaining money under false pretences by means ot a valueless cheque, was again brought up, on remand, at the police court on Friday. At the request of the police, who stated that they had been unable to secure the attendance of witnesses from Adelaide, the accused was discharged. RAILWAY EXCDHSION.—The usual issue of tickets to and from all stations at holiday excursion fares will take place on the Victorian laiiways at Easter. The tickets will be issued from the 11th inst. to the 19th inclusive, aud will be available for return for thirty days from date of issue. No arrangements have yet been announced for Easter holiday excursions on the New South Wales railway. DISORDERLY CHARACTER.—A young girl named Alicia Tyrrell was brought before the local bench yesterday for disobeying a summons of the court in which she was charged with being an idle and disorderly character. Evidence was given by Constable Stauwix to the effect that the defendant was an associate of prostitutes and thieves, and a bad character generally. She was sentenced to one month's imprisonment in Albury gaol. ENGLISH OPERA COMPANY.—This company performed for the last time at Albury on Friday evening, " H.M.S. Pianfore" being, by request, substituted for the opera previously announced. There was a good house on the occasion, and the irresistible comicalities of " Pinafore " called forth very hearty applause from an appreciative audience. The company performed last night at German ton, and appear there again this evening. 4 UTTERING VALUELESS CHEQUE.—Another case of uttering a valueless cheque formed the subject of proceedings at the police court on Tuesday last, when a young man named Samuel Barnett was brought up on a charge of defrauding Charles Schmiedt by means of a valueless cheque for £4 odd. In the absence of the principal witness for the prosecution, the case was remanded for a week. TANK FOR THE SURVEY OFFICE.—We understand that the long-required water supply for the Land and Survey Office, in Dean-street, is about to be provided. Mr. Thorne, Government superintendent of local public works, a few days since received instructions to iuvite tenders for the construction of a large underground tank on the premises referred to, and is now preparing the necessary plans and specifications. CHILD DESERTION.—Francis Ascoli was charged at the police court, on Wednesday, with disobeying a summons for child desertion issued from the Central Police Court, Sydney. Constable Brown deposed to having arrested the defendant under the warrant produced. The defendant stated that he had never received the summons he was charged with disobeying. On the application of the police defendant was remanded to Sydney, bail allowed. GOOMBARGANA CEMETERY.—The following gentlemen have been appointed trustees of the general cemetery at Gooinbargana :—Church of England burial-ground—The Right Rev. Mesac Thomas, Bishop of Goulburn ; Roman Catholic burial-ground—Right Rev. Win. Lauigan, D.D., Rev. M. Slattery, Messrs. J. Nolan and P. Sandral; Wesleyau burial-ground—Revs. H. H. Gaud, G. Hurst, and B. Chapman ; burial- ground for Jews—Messrs. L. Phillips, G. Myers, and H. E. Cohen. CHESS IN THE GAOL.—Two of the prisoners in the Albury Gaol were detected a iew days since playing chess in contravention of the regulations. The board had been made out of squares of tweed, apparently cut out of an old pair of trousers, and stitched on to a pocket-hand kerchief, the uncovered portion of which formed the white squares. The chessmen were very ingeniously cut out of soap. As playing at any game is against the rules ot the prison, the board and men were seized and removed. MIL N. N. GITCHELL.—We understand that Mr. N. N. Gitchell who for upwards of twenty years has been connected in a prominent manner with mining enterprise in the Border districts, aud who for some years past has been conducting several large mining ventures in the neighborhood of Tumbarumba, is about to leave the colonies for India. Mr. Gitchell, we understand, has accepted an apppointmcnt in connection with the goldfields recently opened up in the Wynaad district, and leaves for the scene of his new labors immediately. SCHOOL AT OLD GOREE.—A school under the provisions of the new Act is about.to be erected near old Goree ; a handsome sura of money has been subscribed, and the onlv delay is the necessary grant of land from the Government. About 22 children are promised, and I have it on good authority (says our correspondent) that some of the neighbors purpose sending more childreu from a distance in a trap ; if such is the case a public school will soon be the result. Messrs. J. Walker, Hamilton, Barry, and others deserve praise for their consistent efforts in that direction. THE TTHANA RACES.—The annual races at Urana take place to-day. In the early part of the week the Brookong Corinthian Cup, pre sented by Mr. Halliday to the club, was on view^ * in Melbourne. This latest production is not by' auy means the least beautiful of the many speci-i^" mens of the silversmith's art which have Deen~ supplied from Messrs. Walsh Brothers' establish-® ' e ment. It i§ an Etruscan vase, 24in. high, witl 1 ; two handles. The body is ornamented with rich and appropriate chasing. On one side is a panel containing an excellent sketch of a racing contest ; and the opposite panel bears the inscription. On the lid of the cup are finely- modelled figures of horse and jockey. EXEMPTION FROM WHARFAGE RATES.—In the Victorian Legislative Assembly, a few days since, Mr. Zox asked the Commisioner of Customs a question which largely interests the trading community. The lion, member desired to know whether Mr. A. T. Clark would allow goods sent in bond from Melbourne to Riverinato be exempt from wharlage rates. The Commissioner said that such was his intention ; that he would treat them as goods being forwarded by sea, and that he was framing such regulations as would enable the mercantile commuuity of Melbourne to regain the Riverina trade, which it hid been intimated to hiin had been lost to a great extent through the former system of drawbacks. A CURIOUS COMBINATION.—Albury may fairly claim the credit of having struck out a new idea in connection with the work of taking the census. One of the sub-enumerators, hailing from the Federal City, was about to start upon his tour when it occurred to him that as he had to visit every house within the area allotted to him, so excellent an opportunity of combining a little trade with the performance of his official duties was not to be lost sight of. He accordingly provided himself with a spring-cart, loaded it up with glass and chinaware, and at every place where a census paper had to be left endeavored to negotiate a sale of crockery. Whether the business transacted was as extensive as the ingenuity of the trader deserved, we are not aware. THE PRESS AND THE LAND AGENTS.—We mentioned in our last issue that the land agent at Gundagai had refused to give the local paper full information touching the conditional purchases taken up at the Gundagai land office. We pointed out at the same time that the information in question was refused improperly. Since then the subject has been brought under the notice of Parliament. In the Legislative Assembly, the Minister for Lands, in reply to Dr. Ross, said that no instructions had been issued by the Lands Department to land agents in the interior prohibiting them from furnishing the provincial press with lull particulars relative to the number of conditional purchases made in the various land offices, nor were selectors allowed the privilege of objecting to conditional purchases being published through the local press. ALBURY RACEMEETING.—The settling-up over the annual races took place on Saturday last at the office of the secretary. The following amounts were paid over to the several winners :—Mr. W. Hali, £40 tor Maiden Plate and £50 for Steeplechase ; Mr. P. Swift, £30 for Handicap Hurdle Race ; Mr. J. Chenery, £80 for Albury Racing Club Handicap, and £6 sweep for second horse in Grand Stand Stakes; Mr. T. Coffey, £10 for second horse in Racing Club Handicap ; Mr. J. Ferguson, ,£30 for Selling Race; Mr. E. Evans, £25 for Telegraph Stakes ; Mr. J. Gorman, £10 for Selling Hack Race ; Mr. James Mitchell, £25 for Ladie3* Purse; Mr. J. M'Donald, £50 for Grand Stand Handicap ; Mr. Darby, £20 for Flying Handicap ; Mr. Kelson, £15 for Prince of Wales Stakes; Mr. J. M'Kenzie, £25 for Consolation Stakes. FINGER-POSTS.—With reference to a paragraph published in our last issue "a correspondent writes as follows :—" I see that you have been giving a large amount of credit to the Superintendent of Roads for placing finger-posts at the intersections of some of the country roads. I have no wish to detract from whatever credit may be due to the official in question, but I am bound to say that the lingcr-posts might have been constructed and put up in a more neat and workmanlike manner. Some of thein are terribly clumsy affairs — notably that referred to on the top of the Jindera Gap—and the spelling of the names of (he places is not in accordance with auy accepted system of orthography. I know that the spelling of the namc3 of places is a subject on which there is some difference of opinion, but there is a limit to the variations. For example, I never saw ' Bungowannah' commenced ' Bon' until I saw it so spelt on one of these direction posts. COURSING.—For the information of lovers of coursiug we append the following particulais with regard to approachiug meetings:—Under the auspices of the Oxlev Coursing Club, the Oxley Stakes will be ruu for on 28th April and following days. The stakes are for an unlimited num- ber of all-aged greyhounds, at 30s. each. Nominations must be with the secretary, Mr. W. K. Allan, by 4 p.m. on 26th April. All dogs nominated must be the bonafiic property of members of the club. The Cliiltern and Brown's Plains Coursing Club announce a Puppy Stakes of 1G dogs, at £Y Is. each, to be run for on ISth April aud following day, at Brown's Plains. Nominations close with the secretary, Mr. T. K. Meiti, at the club-room, Chiltern, at 8 p.m. on Friday, 15th April. The winner receives £8, second dog £4, third dog £2. All dogs nominated must be the bom fide property of members of the club. \ A GOOD IDEA.—In the Victorian Legislative '"wembly, a few days ago, the Commissioner of ?r I tor Stuart < beinu r ^ d piwsi, that he u.i>i intended .i jm.i. ,- to try as ^ in [ Italian interpreter. Genovis, the proK's*od <>\y f (.Tbeuever^S 1^A^ft in' the'wVoi"agricultural shows and other gatherings calculated to attract a large gathering of visitors. He remarked that in his opinion Melbourne had had a considerable advantage in the shape of an influx of country visitors drawu to town by the inducement of cheap excursion trains, and he now intended to reverse the order of things and give the -VAARAULCU 1U1 IL OJ ULFI'|^IIIB-NUJ * the boat, and that he had his all there, had no compass, aud that east and scuth-en.- which he could not beat back- against, him over to the Australian const. If.j refcri confidently to the Mayor of Noumea, with wlii resulting from railway communication yhicli have hitherto been monopolised by Melbourne. PUBLIC MEETING AT JINDERA.—A well-attended public meeting was held at the Adelaide Hotel, Jindera, on Monday last, in connection with the agitation for the remission of interest on conditional purchases. Mr. Morton, who occupied the chair, explained the object of the meeting and read out the speech recently delivered in the Legislative Assembly by Mr. Lyne. Mr. Hubner moved a resolution" to the effect that a memorial should be prepared for presentation during the next session of Parliament. Mr. C. Westendorff seconded the motion, which was carried unanimously. A motion wa3 also carried conveying the thanks of the meeting to Mr. M'Elbone for his action in calling the attention of Parliament to the recent case tried at the Urana police court, where 5=. an acre was recovered from a selector as compensation for ringbarking that only cost Is. 3d. per acre. Another meeting in favor of the abolition of interest on conditional purchases will be held this evening at Burruiubuttock. STARTLING DISCLOSURES AT WANGARATTA.— We tike the following from the Ovens and Murray Advertiser :—" For some days rumors have been prevalent at Wangarat'a as to some occurrences which have taken place both at the local hospital and in connection with that institution. One of these occurrences dates back to December last, naruely, the birth of an illegitimate child in the female ward, under circumstances which, according to the mother's statement, seriously affect one of the principal officers of the establishment. This is stated to have led to the discovery of another affair of a far more serious character, involving, in fact, a felony. Some, if not all, of the committee have been in possession of the circumstances for some time past., but have been remarkably reticent on the subject. The police have also been making enquiries. Dr. Haley, the resident-surgeon, left Wangaratta for Melbourne on leave last week; but, if we are rightly informed, has since been suspended. His return was expected last ni^ht. The reports are of a most painful character, and have been given rise to by statements made bv a young girl, which, although we have been placed in full possession ot the alleged facts by our correspondent, we refrain from publishing until a searching investigation is made by the committee." ° A GHOST NEAR JERILDERIE.—We were not aware until a few days since that the Jerilderie district boasted the possession of a resident ghost. A correspondent, however, gives us to understand that such is the case, writing as follows :—" As a proof that we are moving with the times, I am in a position to state that from time immemorial we have owned to the existence of a local ghost. On the same principle that a gentleman's habitation at home, be it castle, mansion, or country 6eat, has a haunted room or legendaiy ghost, so it behoves every community to believe in the super- natural ; and in order that there should be no doubt of our antiquity or respectability, we are possessed of a spiritual visitant. None of your erratic creations flitting to and fro at unseemly hours and in all sorts of places, but a stalwart, decorous figure with flowing white beard, who paces the verandah of the now abandoned Thurrowa Station at the witching hour of night. He has been seen gracefully leaning, I might almost say attitudinizing, across the garden fence, and although, to be historically accurate, I have not seen him myself, I should as soon think of leaving untouched my midday meal, or of rushing out under a broiling sun without a hat, as of speaking disparagingly of this lively fiction. Being a local man, I am bound to believe." WESLEYAN CHURCH, WODONGA.—On Sunday next the anniversary of this church will be celebrated. By advertisement it will be seen that the Rev. J. Masters. M.A., and the Rev. J. C. Macdougall will preach morning and evening. On the Tuesday following a tea and public meeting will be held ; several ministers and other gentlemen will address the meeting, and selections of music will be rendered by the choir. DENTISTRY.—Mr. Geo. Hall will visit Alburv on Thursday next, the 14th inst., and may lie consulted at the Exchange Hotel. DANCING AND CALISTHENICS.—Mr. Roberts aud Miss Roberts, professors of dancing and calisthenics, purpose visiting Albury this day and remaining here for a time with a view to forming classes, &c.; NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.—The following is a summary of the principal advertisements that appear for the first time in the present issue, omitting only those specially referred to elsewhere and those which are not of sufficient importance to require particular mention:—A sheriff's sale of horses, saddles, &c.;, at Wodonga on the 9th April; sheriff's sale of town allotment at Tumbarumba at Albury Hotel on 3rd May ; Mr. L. Solomon sells team of bullocks and waggon tomorrow ; Mr. William Orr holds large sale of merino sheep at Wangaratta to-morrow; 32nd annual meeting Australian Mutual Provident Society on 27th April; waggonette lor sale; diamond ring lost; hospital ball at Leneva on 14th inst.; W. Kelton and Co., butchers. Gerogery ; draught entire " Prince Alfred" for sale ; public meeting at Brocklesby on Friday next rc testimonial to Messrs. Burrow Bros.; Messrs. F. and A. Piggin will sell at Corowa, on 20th inst, horses, drays, harness, &c.;, also lease and furniture ot Pliajuix Hotel; the same firm will sell dairy cattle at Corowa on the 16th inst.; tenders invited for metalling and gravelling in Deanstreet ; Mr. Boyle will offer on the 21st inst. Mr. J. L. Helton's farm at Bungowannah, with agricultural implements, &c.; ; footracing, &c.;, at Woomargaina on Easter Monday ; Mr. A. D. i Whiteman has opened the George Hotel; Messrs. I J. H. Gray and Co. hold their usual sale of stock on Wednesday; Mr. S. C. V. North anounces the sale on 20th inst. of Mr. H. Scurr's property in Yoiiug and Macaulay streets ; Messrs. Gordon and Gordon iuvite tenders for various buildings. 