WAMBERAIi. Br HeHRY KBNDAXIi. tfuBT a shell, to 'which the seaweed, glittering yet with greenness clings, Like the song that once I loved so , softly of the old time sings — ? Softly of the old time epeaketh — bringing ever back to me Sights of far-off lordly forelands — glimpses of tho sounding sea 1 Now the cliffs are all before me — now, indeed, do I behold Shining growths on wild wet billheads, quiet pools of green and gold. And, across the gloaming beaches, lo the mighty flow and fall Of the great ingathering waters thundering under Wamberal 1 * : Back there are the pondering mountains — there the dim dumb ranges loom Ghostly shapes in dead grey vapour — half- seen peak? august with gloom. There the voicc of troubled torrents, hidden in unfathomed deeps, Known to moss and faint green sunlight, wanders down the oozy steeps. There the lake of many runnels nestles in a windless wild Far amongst thickfolded forests, like a radiant human child. And beyond surf -smitten uplands — high aoove tne nigncst spur — Lo ! tbe clouds like tents of tempest on the crags of Kincumber ! Wamberal, the home of echoes I Hard against a streaming strand, Sits the hill of blind black cavcras, at the limits of tbe land. Here the haughty water marches — here the (lights of straightened sea Make a noise like that of trumpets, breaking wide across the lea ! But behold, in yonder crescent that a ring of islaud locks Are the gold and emerald cistcrns shining inoonlikc in the rocks ! Clear, bright cisterns, zoned by mosses, where : the faint wet blossoms dwell With the leaf of many colours — down beside tlie starry shell. Friend of mine beyond the moirolaius, here and here the perished day6 ' Come like sad reproachful phantoms, in the: deep grey ercning haze — J Come like ghosts, and sit beside me when the , noise of day is still, And the rain i« on the window, and tlie wind is on the hill. Then they linger, but they speak not, while my memory roams and roams Over scenes by death made sacred — other lands and other homes ! Places sanctified by sorrow — sweetened by that face of yore — Face that you and I may look on (friend and brother) nevermore ! Seasons come with tender solace—lime lacks neither light nor rest 5 But the old thoughts were such dear oneB, and the old days seem the best. And to those who've loved aud suffered every pulse of wiud or rain — Every song with sadness in it, brings the peopled Past again. Therefore, just this shell yet dripping, with this n eed of green and grey, Sets me thinking — sets me dreaming of the places far away : Dreaming of the golden rockpools — of the foreland and the fall ; And the home behind the mountains looming over Wamberal. 