^mmmmt*. " THE C0BSICA1* BROTHERS." 'The grip over British audiences -which the above melodrama has aoquirod-and msintained tor nearly thirty >eus would seem, if superficially treated, & puzzling anomaly. Here is s play in pacta tediously prolix—In part Jirritatirgly bare—constructed mostly of stage tableaux, founded; on incidents which, though psychologically possible, lie beyond the. experience of ordinary nature, and depending for its raison <fetr« on the depicturing of occurrences which could happen nowhere outside Corsica and France. In tins latter half of the Ecientifically enUghtened nineteenth century the early faiths are getting discredited, and, above all, ghosts are supposed to have, received their quietus. • Supernaturalism is a vulgar remnant of antecedent barbarism, some teachersr tell us. Yet it is precisely the presence of a ghost—the presence of the supernatural ia "The Corsioan Brothers," that gives it a stronger vitality, "and, possibly, a longer dramatic tenure than many plays possessing more decidedly human interests, finer handling, grander etories.and altogether worthier of obtaining and preserving aa honoured existence on the stage. Despite our expressed-disbeliefs, our apparent carelessness with regard to such matters, even despite here and there one of us labelling, himself " atheist," «e all inherit an innate recognition of the unseen, and feel that we may be operated upon by influences apart from the known circumstances of daily life. The " Corsioan Brothers" is aa histrionic exemplification of the theory of brainwaves—the theory that certain natures may act sympathetically each on each, whatever Intervening distances may be. Did not one of our poets write— " Star to star vibrates light. Why should not soul to soul . Strike through a finer element of its own ?" Tbe theme is most interesting, but cannot be pursued further in this notice. It is enough if our readers have gathered from these remarks in what the abiding strength of " The Corsican Brothers" consists. We may point out, however, that many eminent actors, particularly those conspicuous in melodrama rather than as tragedians, have "recognised this solid quality in a most poetical way. From Fechter's original representation of the DeiFranchi Charles Sean modelled his personations, acknowledged at all hands to be vast improvements on tbe creations of the, versatile Anglo-Teutonic Frenchman, more particularly as regards the later and intenser scenes. Last September Henry Irving revived "The Oorsicaa Brothers" in his own thorough mode, at an expense of £5,000, his tableau-curtain alone containing a thousand yards of ' ctimBon silk velvet, and the number of persons engaged in setting and mounting scenery, e^ety night, exclusive of tbe Lyceum dramatic and -business staff, being 135. Irving's * conception of the brothers is distinguished byt its/great ^pathos, bonhomie, and. (during the duel}calm 1 implacability. In our colony, where grand revivals and productions are not ~ regularly possible, and where, morebver, no artist-mind rules the dramatic world, it will be long ere we find "The Corsican Brothers" staged for more than one or two nights at a time. When any play is put up for a single representation it may be well, though deprecating this system of management; to deal generously ttith consequent defects. All things considered, the numerous audience on Saturday night got' fair value for their money. If the performance was not absolutely exoellent, it waa yet nowhere absolutely contemptible. Mr. Leake acted without exaggeration, and merits general praise for a' most intelligent attempt to place the Dei Franchi before UB. Ho did not sufficiently mark the distinction between Louis deifracchi; a courtly man of tbe world, and. FabTen dei S^anchi, s generous-hearted, impressionable, unpolished countryman. Mr. Letike, like Charleb Sean, was best in the later scenes. :Emily'deJL-'Eaparre is after all a "mere sketch '4epei&diug; for any filling out Into relative importance on the persona tor. We pannpt' ssy that ijtiss Myra Kemble seemed able to accomplish more thaa the sketch. Messrs. Donglas" ftnd ^Sterling Whyte were equal for tbe traditionary fun which comes from the Orlando and Collona, and throughout remaining small parts were fairly well sustained bv others in the cast who need not be specifically noted. The Ohateau-Renaud oE Mr. Vincent, realistically made up, as is usual with him, had this fatal defeat—that when Fahien appears a physical cowardice is exhibited, and continues revealed throughout the duel. Chateau-Benaud's was merely a mental fear, and would, we - submit; find no external manifestation. Latterly Mr. Vinoeirt has contracted a habit <*f lowering his voice at the ends of sentences to such an extent that mfcny words are unheard.' We feel 'certeih that he ia not too elevec.te take the friendly hinty and" will at once remedy the lapse here mentioned'.'" This •evening a play by Bartley Campbell, entitle! "The Galley Slave," is to be presented. GAB HUE'S THEATBE.—There was a crowded attendance of juveniles at Mr. Thompson's entertainment, at Garner's Theatre, on Saturday afternoon; and in tbe' evening the bpilding was once more filled with appreciative spectators. The winner of the piano was Miss Mangan, oE David-btrfeet. This is tbe last week the puojama will be exhibited. MILITABT BAIX COMMITTEE'S DIKHHB.—It waa the Military Ball "Committee who held-'their fourth annual reunion dinner at th$ Non- Commissioned Officers'dubroom, Sir John Barleycorn Hotel, on Friday «veaing, ahd not the noncommissioned officers as such. 