Sketcher. GRAVEYARD SUPERSTITIONS. Harper's Weekly. IT is seldom that one bears now-a-days of the observance of the quaint funeral customs which formerly existed, in many an English country village, the old- world notions which gave rise. to> them; having died oat, owing, perhaps,to the introduc tion of railways and school boards. Tbup, in the north of England it wae customary,; only a few yeius ago, toctury '," the dead wita. tSe sun" to the grave—a practice correspo&ding; .with the Highland .usage of making "the daazil, , *. or .wrfkirigi three times round a person accordtDg to the coarse of th>i tun. On one occaeioo, ia tho rillige of Stn?hfcin,.ijear "West BJutlopool,, the vicar waa standing nb the cnrorehyard gate* awaitanfc the arrival. o£.;the funeral procession, when, much to bia surprise, the entire group, who had come within a few yards of him, euddenly tnmed back, and marched ronad the churchyard wall, thus traversing its west, north, and east boun daries. Oα inqniring the reason of this cr trsordinary procedure, oae of the mourners quickly replied, "Why, ye wad no hue them carry the dead again the son; the dead maun aygo wi* the.'flaa.V ; Thie ? not unliko a Welsh ceatnin numtiontd by Pennant, who tells na that, when a corpse ' was. conveyed to the churchyard' from any part of the towaiv'great caire w?a; always taken that it should be carried the' whole distance : OB the; side of the ro?d. from time immemorial there has been a strong feolhag of repugnsijce among the inhabitanta o! rural purishos to burial " without tho sanctuary." Thiadoee not meto in uDooasrcrated gronnJ, bnt on the north side ot the onurob, or in ? remote I eoroer of the ohorohyard.;: The origin of thia i prtjudiea i* said .to' have been tne notion that the northern, part wee thaV'whlelt was J appropriated to the inteimdnt of nnbaptiied iatan:e, ezoommonieited pertone, or irooh aa had laid violent hands upon themselves. Henoe it 'was popularly known aa ." tile wrong siote of Use' ohuroh." * Iα many paruhes, therefore, thia' spot romiined nn- j ocoapied, while the remaialog portion of the (thorohvard sa? crowded. White, in his ? "Hietqiy.of Selborne," allowing to thUenper atitiqn, saya that aa most people wished to be bnritd oa lha so'nth side,ol the chorch yard, it beoama anoa a rnaie'of monality that no ptraon. could be interred "without disturbing or dieplaciDg; 'bones of his anoeetora."' Great attention: has generally been paid, aleo, to the poeiiion of the grmva, lha popular one being from east to west, while' tnat from north to couth has beea ooneidered not only dishonoorftble, but nn lneky. : ?-?'?? ??"??: '??. ? ??' ?-' '"';?: -;. ? A carious surviving custom at Welsh funerals ia termed the <* parson's penny." After reading the burial eervica in the church, tha clergyman stands behind a table while a psalm is being sung. : In the meantime each, of the mourners places a piece of money on the table' for his att oeptance. This ceremony is regarded as a token oE aspect to the deceased, although it was, no' doubt, originally intended to compensate the clergyman tor praying for the soul ot the departed. In some "WeLih parishee,also, a similar custom, called "spader-money," ia"kept up. After the corpse has been committed to its resting place, tha grave-digger presents bis spaae as a receptacle for donations, these oiTer- I ings, which, often amouut to a goodly sum, I being regarded as hie perquisite. Iα York shire, at, the funerals of the rich ia former { days, it was customary to hand "burnt wine ,, to the company in a silver flagon, out o! -which.everyone drank. This bever age seeics to bare been a heited prepara- i tiimcf port wine, with sugar and spice, and should any remain, it was sent round in the { flagon to the hoares.of Irieada for distriba tioo. This,of course, wfteaspecieso£ funeral f eart, called, in the north o: England, aa "arral' , — ? lingering saivival of the offer ings that originally were made to the ghost j jof ihe deceased.* . ' ' Aoiong the sopstatitions that still cling to the cuurchyarU may be mentioned one. i that has existed: from the most remote period, and which has invented it with an j j atmosphere' ot dread—is having been, I generally supposed that they are haunted :by spectres and apparitions. .Indeed, 'it I has been truly pointed out by Mr. Tylor I that through all the change* of religions : thonzht, tiom firss to last, in toe course of homan-bietory, the hovering ghosts oS the dead make the midnight borial-gioand I a place where men's ileah czeepe with. I terror.- 