THE HOVEUST. IN TRUST.* the story of a lady and her 1 lover, By Mbs. Oliphant. Chapter XIX. the catastrophe. •11 iron nleasant commotion and stir in , when almost every room received ■ M°nnt'jIjfion to its decoration ; then a !B0B^w of candlea in the old banqueting ifn Kb was to be the ballroom, and 14 experiments in lighting were going on. ffiwflat Mount was stirring the whole mirih- In all the houses about there was S or less commotion, toilettes preparing, 3&al; thrill of liveliness anapleasurq owitinto the quiet country life. And Mount Sf was ah astir. Standing outside, it pretty to watch the lights walking about The El house, gliding along the long cor, riders gleaming at windows along the whole breadth of the rambling old place. With all these lights streaming out into the night, the house seemed to warm the evening air, which now white with inevitable miste over the park. Rose ran about like achild.dej Shy with the stir.dragging holly wreaths Xr her, and holding candles to all thd workers: but Anne had the real work id hand. It was to her the carpenters came for their orders, and the servants, who neveij knew from one half-hour to another'what next was to be done. Mrs. Mountford had token the supper under her charge, and sat serenely over her worsted work, m the conJ Bciousuess that whatever might go wrongj that, at least, would be right. " As for youiJ iecorations, I wash my hands of them, she said. It was Anne upon whom all these ares fell And though she was by no means sure that she would enjoy the ball, it was inite certain, as she bad said to Heathcote, i&t; she enjoyed this. She enjoyed the sensa-j ion of being herself again, and able to. throw! lerself into this occupation with a fine) ndifference to her own personal standing in he (house. If she had been dethroned in' he will, only herself could dethrone her in isture. She felt, as she wished to feel, that he was above all that; that Bhe was not ven under the temptation of spllenness, and! lad no sense of injury to turn the sweet Qto bitter. She went about holding hetj iead consciously a little higher than nsnaL1 b with a gay defiance of all things that could) all her down. Who could pull her down, s&vej; erself! And what was the nse of personal i' less, of that inspiration and exhilaration e which was in her veins, if it did not her superior to all little external aris es? She felt magnanimous, and to seeded to compensate her forevery else. It would have beeni strange, , she said to herself, if the mere loss irtune had sufficed to crush the spirit ippy woman, a woman beloved, with a Lfe before her. She smiled at fate in ith and happiness. Her head borne than usual, thrown back a little, her toning, a smile, in which some fine lpt for outside trouble just touched the 1 sweetness of her youth, to which, 11, it was so natural to take pleasure that she was about—all these signs arks of unusual commotion in her of the excitement of a crisis about track the spectators, especially the; ,toes below stairs. "It can't' we think. She's the conquering hero, line is. She's just like that army with s as is in the Bible," said the north ' cook. I don't understand her not haymow said, who knew better, whoi rsuaded that Anne had not conquered.! Vorth opined that it was nature and: L®°Ie" " A ball is a ball, however! earted you may be: it cheers you up, | 18 .WOfg to happen," she saia;i re^eyea ' ^h®01? find favour inj t a beehive it was! Booms preparinc *ere c®me to-morrow, Pw out to air, fires lighted, houae in»y 'Jvh m kij^hen nil the cook'i ®gs, with aids from the village, al ^W^baUBupper. EvTmS as maVin »?8 her worsted work, as making bows of ribbons for the fiS-6* waa to be a cotillon. It was had said. In the ball TtK ^ hammering, fixing S 'tWdflhangin-8 cnrtains. l'oth th rge there superintending, Rose half iby«rrry- There was so much on, ^d so much noise that it was tation of 6 hammering, m the Were and ^ient lt? the moving of "•Which *1. hoota ovei a this moniK iTi« on- 8 ladder, and 1 one' of iv!l assistant holding up iswerek- SS draperies. TThe enamKt?^8tthhfloor; Now '• ^ Wonder " *** ifsomethine ' FP^ate always now little 1 £ ^P88> " You dy it caffie Atrow? 7® have." Then 8 "y. out heard. ■ J°hn Stokes WmSSf 1 l prolonged er. ».nimaelf put down hi* id. " No int®' the pond," aaid the o«,3e othelr side bf the corridor and mL,®*0, Anneyan ont MSSf&efc; ot| of the windbw, straining her eyes in the milky miBty air, which seemed to grow whiter and lesB clear as she gazed. Oh, please put down the window," cried Rose, shivering, " it is bo cold—and what good can we do ? It is poachers, most likely; it can't be any body in the pond, or they wouldn't go on shrieking like that" Saymore, who had come up to look at the decorations, gave the same advice. " You'll get your death of cold. Miss Anne, and yon can't do no good; maybe it's something caught in a snare— they cry like Christians, them creatures do, though we call 'em dumb creatureB; or it's maybe a cart gone over on the low road— the roads is very heavy; or one of the keepers as has found something; it's about time for Master and Mr. Heathcote coming back from Houston; they'll bring ub news. Don't you be nerviBh, Miss Anne; they'll see what it is. I've known an old owl make just Buch a screeching." " Could an owl say ' halloo,' " said Anne, 1 and 1 help ?' I am sure I heard 1 help.' I hear somebody galloping up to the door—no, it is not tp the door, it is to the Btable. It will be papa or Heathcote come for help. I am sure it is something serious," she said. And she left the great window wide open, and rushed downstairs. As for Rose, she was very chilly. She withdrew within the warmer shelter of the ballroom, and arranged the bow of ribbon with which one of the hang ings was to be finished. " Put down the window," she said, " it can't do any one any good to let the wind pour in like that, and chill all the house." Heathcote' had been half an hour alone in the great wilderness of the park, nothing nekr him that could help, the trees rustling in the wind, standing far off round about; like a scared circle of spectators, holding .up piteous hands to heaven, but giving no aid; He was kneeling upon the horse's head, him Belf ho more than a protuberance in the fallen mass, unable to get any answer to his anxious questions. One or two groans were all that he could elicit, groanB which grew fainter and fainter; he Bhonted with all bis might, but there seemed nothing there to reply—no passing labourer, no one from the village making a short cut across the park, as he had seen them do a hundred times. The mist rose up out of the ground, choking him, and, he thought, stifling bis voice; the echoes gave him back the faint Bounds which were all he seemed able to make. His throat grew dry and hoarse. Now and then the fallen horse gave a heave, and attempted to fling out, and there would be another scarcely articulate moan. His helplessness went to his very heart; and there, almost within reach, hanging suspended, as it were, be tween heaven and earth, were the lights of the house, showing with faint white haloes round them, thoBe lights which had seemed so full of warmth and welcome. ■ When the first of the help-bringers came running, i wildly flashing a lantern about, Heathcote's limbs were stiffened and his voice scarcely audible; but it required no explanation to sbow the state of the case. . His horse, which had escaped when he dismounted, had made its way to the stable door, and thus roused a still more effectual alarm. Then the other trembling brute was got to its legs, and the body liberated. The body !— what did they mean? There was no groan now or cry—" Courage, Bir, courage—a little more patience and yon will be at home,' Heathcote heard himself saying. To whom? There was no reply; the groan would have been eloquence. But he could not permit himself to believe that the worst had come. He kept on talking, not knowing what he was doing, while they brought something, he did not know what, to place the motion less figure upon. "Softly, softly," he cried to the men, and took the limp hand into his own, and continued to Bpeak. He heard himself talking, going along, repeating always the same words, A little longer, only a little longer,—keep up your heart, sir we are nearly there." When they had. almost reached the door of the house, _ one of the bearers suddenly burst forth in a kind of loud sob, "Don't you, air, don't yon' now!—don't you see as he'll never hear a spoken word.again?" Then Heathcote stopped mechanically, as he had been speaking mechanically. . His hat bad been knocked off his -head. _ His dress was wet and muddy, his hair in disorder, his whole appearance wild and terrible. 'When the light from the door fell upon him, and Anne stepped forward, he was capable of nothing but to motion her away with his. hand. " What is it," she said, in an awe stricken voice. "Don't send me awey« I. "am not afraid. Did papa find it ? . He ought; to come in at once. Make him come in ati once. What is it, Mr. Heathcote ? I am not afraid." Good Lord, can't you take her away?" " I amnot afraid," she said,very pale,tanging herself on one side to let them Pass. Heath-' cote, who did not know' what it was, any more than she did, , laid a heavy hand upon her ehoulder, and put her, almost roughly, out; of the way. " I will go," she said, frightened. " I will go—if only yon will make papa come in out of the damp—it is so bad for bis Ah 1" She fell down upon her knees, hud her j ciy jaug through &U; (ho houso. . She had ] seen a sudden light from a lantern out of i doors across .the covered, face, the locks: ° ^wasnbt long till everyone knew ; from the topto the bottom of' the great house the newB tan is a moment.. John Stokes, .the carpenter, returned and mounted .bis .ladder mechanically,, to resume his work: then te membere^and. got down solemnly, and collected' his tools, leaving, one yrte^ihup, ahd balfiof the .dfftP&B;!- 7 There won'^be brin^T^^s^^'ewe^a™- "^his^was the hrstr%h ot to"*' one reign .y^over^dahp^^begj"^^ position was (Changed. . ,|Ie felt it before he had gohe up the ataits, revejentiy following that which now he no .longer addressed with encouraging human wordy, but felt to ;be the inapproachable and solemn thing it was. A man had ridden off for the doctor before they entered the house, bat there was no question of a doctor to those who now laid their old master upon his bed. "Ishould say instantaneous, or next to instantaneous," the doctor said when he came, and when he heard of the few groans which had followed the fall, he gave it as his opinion that these had been bat unconscious plaints of the body after all sense of pain or knowledge of what was happening had departed. The horse had pat his foot into a hole in the Bpongy wet tarf—a thing that might have happened any day, and which it waB a wonder did not happen oftener. There were not even the usual qaestionings and wonderings as to how it came about, which are so universal when death seizes life with bo little warning. Mr. Moantford had been in the habit of tiding with a loose rein. He had unbounded con fidence in hiB cob, which, now that the event had proved its danger, a groom cameforwardto Bay by no means deserved this confidence, but had two or three times before stumbled with its rider. Heathcote felt that doctors and grooms alike looked to himself with some thing more than ordinary courtesy and re spect. He walked away from the comfortable bedroom now turned into a solemn presence chamber, and all its homely uses intermitted, with a gravity he had not felt before for years. He was not this man's son, scarcely his friend, that his death should affect him so. But, besides the solemnity of the event thus happening in his presence, it changed hie position even rpore than if he had been St. John Mouhtford'a son. It would be bar barous to desert the poor women in their trouble; bat how was he remain here, - a comparative stranger, their kinsman but their supplanter, become in. a moment the master of the house in which theBe girls had been, born, and which their, mother bad rated fqr20 years. He went to his room to changp his wet ,and eoiled clothes, with a Beneb. of confusion and sadness that made everything unreal.to him. His past as well as that or his kinsman had ended in' a moment; his careless easy, life was over, the indulgences which he had con sidered himself entitled to as a man apon whom nobody bat Edward had any special claim. How Edward's claims, for which he had been willing to sacrifice .his patrimony, must be put,aside perforce. .He could no longer think of the arrangement which an hour ago he had been talking of so easily— which was to have been accomplished with bo little trouble. It was in no way to be done now. Actually in a moment be had become Mountford of Mount, the representative of many ancestors, the proprietor of an old honse and property, responsible to depen dents of various kinds, and to the future and to the past In a moment, in the twinkling of an eye ; no idea of this kind had crossed his mind during that long half hoar in the park, which looked like half a year. A fatal issue had not occurred to him. It was not until he had reached the threshold of the honse, nntil he felt hope and help to be near, nntil he had heard Anne's voice appealing to him to know what it was, that the whole meaning of it had burst upon him. St. John Mountford dead, and he himself master of the honse! It was impossible that, apart from the appalling suadenneBB of the catastrophe, and the ner vous agitation of his own share in it, the death of his consin even in this startling and pitifal way should plunge him into grief. He was deeply shocked and awed and impressed —sorry for the ladies, Btricken so unex pectedly with a donble doom, loss of their head, loss of their home—and sorry beyond words for the poor man himself, thus snatched out of life in a moment without preparation, without any suggestion even of .wbat was going to happen Tout it was not possible that Heathcote Moantford could feel any private pang in himself. He was subdued out of all thonght of himself, except that strange sen sation of absolute change. He dressed mechanically, scarcely .perceiving what it was he wab putting' on. in nis usual evening clothes which had been laid ont for him, just as if he had been dressing for the usual peaceful dinner, his kins man in the next room doing the same, and the table laid for all the family parly. Not withstanding the absolute change (bat had occurred, the revolution in everything, whpt could a man do but follow mechanically the -habitual customs of 'every day 1 He .dressed, very slowly, sometimes standing by the fire' idly for 10 minutes at a time, in a half Btupor. of excitement, restless yet benumbed and in-; -capable of either action or thought; and) when this wps accomplished went slowly; along the long corridors to the dr&wingroom;, still as if nothing hod. happened, though more had happened than he could fathom or realise. The change had gone down before him and was apparent in every corner of the deserted place. There were two candles burning feebly on the mantelpiece, and the . fire threw a little fitful light about, but that was all; and no one was there1 — of course it was impossible that any' one should be there—but Heathcote was strange to family trouble, and did not know! what happened when'a' calamity like' this1 came crasnihg down from heaven into thej midst of a household of people. Mrs. Mount-■; ford's work was lying on the sofa withj the little sheaf 'of bright - coloured wools,1 which she had been rued to tuck Under her i arm when she went "to'sit with papa/' and1 On the wnting-table there was the rough copy j. of the bau programme, corrected for the; Srinter in lUwe'e hand, The programmes; it: oated suddenly across his mind to recollect the comtr'Vion they bad received on thiB < subject ar . if had ridden away; had they fulfilled It? hb asked himself in his confusion;, then remembered as suddenly bow he who i was lying'upstairs had fulfilled it, and how useless; it now,wM.t| BM1 .programmes [ and the " * A wit lands, „ , it was true. Heathcote walkod'abbut the dark and empty room in a maze of bewildered trouble which he could, not understand— troubled for thedead, and for the wOineh, and for himself, whp Was neither one nor the other, whb Was the ppraqh to profit by »t- It was no longer they, 'who had been both here, who had lived and ruled hire for so many. years; but behittBeM'whn tour Supreme in the honse. It wub all his own. The idea neither pleaBed him nor excited, but depressed and bewilfifered him. jjis'pwn house, and all his easy quiet life in the Albany, and his little luxuries in the way of art and of travel—all over and gone. It seemed unkind to think of this in the presence of calamity so much more serious. Yet bow could he help it ? When Bomeone came with. a Boft knock at the door he waB Btartled ae if it had been a ghost. It was Saymore who came into the room, neat in his evening.apparel, dressed and trim whatever happened, making his little formal bow. "The ladies, sir," Say more said, conquering a little huskiness, a little faltering in his own voice, " sends their compliments, and they don't feel equal to coming down. They hope you will excuse them; and dinner is served, Mr. Mountford," the old man. said, his voice ending in a jar of broken sound, almost like weeping. Heathcote went downstairs very seriously, as if he had formed one' of the usual procession. He seated himself at the end of the table, still decorated with all its usual prettiness as for the family meal; he did all this mechanically,'taking'the place of the master of the house, without knowing that he did so, and Bitting down as if with ghosts, with all those empty seats round the table and every place prepared. Was it real or w&b; it a dream ? He felt that he could see himself as in a picture, sitting there alone, eating mechanicaUy^.goihff through a semblance of the usual meaL , The soup was set before him, and then jthe, fish, and. then— "Saymore, old man," Heathcotesaidaud- I denly, starting up, " I don't know if this is ] a tragedy or a farce we are playing—I .cannot stand it any longer—take all those things ! away." " It do seem an awful change, sir, and so sudden," cried the old man, frightened by the sudden movement, and by this departure from the rigid rules of ceremony—yet relieved after bis first. Btart was over. ' And then old Saymore began to sob, putting down the little silver dish with the an&rtz;: " I've been his butler, Bir, this thirty years, and ten years in the pantry before that; footman, and bom on tire property like. And all to be over, sir, in a moment; and he was a good master, sir, though.strict.. He was very particular, but always a kind master. It'll be long before we'll get another like him—not but what I beg your pardon, Mr. Mountford; I don't make no doubt but them as serves you will give the same character to you." This good wiBh relieved the oppression with a touch of humouy; but . Heathcote -did not dare to let a smile appear. -" I hope so, sir," Saymore said. - He rubbed his: old eyes hard with his napkin. Then he took up again.the little silver dish. " It's sweetbreads, sir, and it won't keep; it was a great favourite with master. Have a little while it's hot. It will disappoint cook if you don't eat a bit; we must eat, whatever happens, sir," the old man said. 