AN explanation is given by the Age in its yesterday's issue of tlie speech delivered- last Wednesday night week by Mr PATTERSON at Maffra; but without desiring in any way to quarrel with either our contemporary or Mr PAT- TERSON, we cannot say that the explanation is at kll satisfactory. The definition given- , by-our contemporary of Mr PATTEESOX'S speech is, that the' moderation, of which Mr PATTERSON spoke, is a moderation of language, and jhas nothing whatever to do with the $>olicy of the • Liberal party. We .were not aware before, neither are we BOW, thai; the Liberals-were immoderate :ia the way they fight their political battles. It is quite true that a few expressions of a rather hot kind hare fallen from the' lips -of two or three zealous leaders, on the Liberal sideband -that, all things considered, it would have been better, perhaps, had these ^epigrammatic deliverances been left UEuttered. : It is...also . quite true that some heat has been displayed by the Liberals when fighting to retain tie wMp-haiid of power, and that occasionally a Christian feeling' has been absent on these occasions. But the reply to these accusations, both direct and , implied, is yeiy complete. With the rash espletives of two or three well-meanmg, but rather hot-headed .leaders, the Liberals sis a body have nothing todo;:and'tEey are no more to be keld responsible for those ntter&nees;— few and far between at the wprst-^-than they «.re the e&wse; of the disturbances in Ireland, or than they are at the bottom of the Greek question. Those expletives, or rash remarks, were the product of only two or three individuals; and to prgue that tiie time has oome for & change in the language of the Jiberals, beqause two or three of -their staunch friends have been a little indiscreet with their tongUes,Is somethipg like calling.for a Nasmjrth hammer -to crack a nut, er declaong that the Bible must be aside, aE ps longer a guide to -the human family,because a few ra£h and-bigoted Banisters of a 'partigaj&r; church rap find tortu<jne passages the sacred vobiine-to damn men "for ,ajl tim^ "in pite of everyfibing they-caa do in tliis Itfe to secare better treatment here^ t w a It is the many,- or ;it3ie qgip t - ;A case of this frind; and viewed in spi&fc; the 'Liberals have naver done a or fi&id; ^auything that r&- jnires eardiiial cjjmge, or a tnarted ^jer -acoficeti<ni —- juion the Liberals W^hotthejConservathres werehot—the ^ itrof-the'laittergenjer^ipgha^.iji the fon —and no special respoimbii'" thra\ ^ ^ ^ '•P® 1^ libe! for tL jx«ticid fi^»Ung that, up to a f ^ wonthe lack, (apcumstanjoet, develot ^ Whet JI big eti*ggle is on, one ride «WtstMk e£loudly, a»d work as indefaihz. «flrJM <he -other; or the one ride that t <8&«4iheJo«dest, and worked the harfetti ^ likely set tlie best of the "<f®»test, ttie equities wer- ' agaSast it 5he liberals did «« • BOI,e ^ ^ for their cause, th» * « ^ Consent tives fou^if tor theirs; and the liberals would h we teen made of very namby-pamby eta ff indBed if they had heenmealy-tootrthtorla^.indiepee. sence of each stro «& eften onreasonable provocaUGii- Sofer, then, the few rash nnaAsfflftiifl one hand, the energetic fiffiata on the are concent f oing on.thazr t^p: ianse required, or t fbaat tii^ werat|«»l3todoto beep t M^withtlieir tx^erapaUms oppoaaents. m9m.ppoang Afe Tabersils Bad gone f >E^imd tie tot&dsalittie; at^at time, h^ have ceftainly bem warvellorady pnet ance. Ifor months psst, thqrliave scarcdy «pteed their months to -express assent or dissent with anything that was going on, and been contest to let matters -firift—probaHy to-a&olish; tent—rather t h a n j e t p "the war of classes, or maintain 'tiie embittered ieding which previous -Straggles had excited. They have allowed the jtyo rival parties in Eariia-ment to do pretty as they J^jML, -although at times tilings have occurreS'there which could not £ail to exwte.'^heir disapproval Where, in the aatiffi Of "all diat is reasonable, then, the <qpening is afforded for complaining, direct or :by implication, of the conduct !0f the Liberals 'in the seme what disixmt past, or of their language taiid conduct daring the last few months, we quite fail to see, jwst the same as we%jl.to understand, whete jthe. opening tor requesting more modjerution on their ^lart in-Uie future is furnished. To our way of thinking the liberals as -a . body—-and we have nothing to do with- atoms, neither has Mr PATTERSON or'the Afro—have never done anything to necessitate a lecture on the courBe they-hare pursued, or the language fcbey have indulged in, aitd more especially just now, for they could not make Jess noise, or indulge in -fewer harsh words, than they have been doing for the last few months, if they had been, swept clean out of existence. The attitade of, the Age, and the language of Mr PATTEBSOX; at Maffra, howejpr, imply that the Liberals have been too outspoken, or too obtrusive in ithe past; and as nothing of tlie bind can be proved -against the liberals, we have no hesitation th saying that while Mr PATTERSON'S speech'at Maffra wias a great enigma, the explanation of the Age, as given yesterday, is equally unsatisfactory, mysterious, and surprising. We feel much interested in what iMr PATtsatsoN.jaid last Wednesday week, and on what the Aye of yesterday .contained, ^because we fear that something more than appears on the surface, underlies these deliverances. But we may eay at otice that the ^Liberals will Sot "be dragged "into any intrigue to please- anybody; and it is quite useless -for. anybody to attempt any proceeding of this nature. The Liberals will slack ^to their colors ' like men,- and not -badge one Inch from their demands, normoderate any of their efforts, until what they require has been obtained. Those who keep with them will have their reward; hut those who tiddlys«k with them, for some ulterior motives of their own, may depend upon it ' they will get the worst of their manoeuvres. There is a big fight coming on, and tlie Liberals will tolerate nothing of a dubious or personal kind in the -contest It is as well that all this should be understood now, so that anything like a split in the camp may be stopped ,at once, or before it might be too late to effect this purpose. _ TnE latest eccentricity indulged in by the committee of the Melbourne Hospital is to send a circular to the subscribers, intimating that in future they will not be waited upon for their subscriptions, but will be expected to send their money direct, to the institution. At the first blush it would be thought, when reading this announcement, that the funds of the institution had been embezzled to such an extent, and that it was quite impassible to find an honest man to collect this portion of the revenue, that the committee had no alteinative, in the financial interests of the hospital, but to adopt this proceeding. By an arrangement of this kind all the money intended for the hospital will find its way into the treasury, and no larcenous hand -will have the ghost of a chance of " cribbing " any portion of it while it was on its way to its destination. But any idea of this sort would be quite .erroneous, because the hospital has not. suffered from dis- honesty of any sort on the part of its officers. There is every reason to believe that the collector .has done his work very creditably and honestly, paying all he has received for the,institution into the haads of the treasurer, down to the last farthing. The idea of the committee in . issiijng this circular evidently is jthat the subscribers ' will regard subscriptions to the-hospital as a sort of "conscience money,'';and said their annual contributions into the treasurer as regularly and as surely as the time comes round for the purpose. And the committee has, no doubt, been fortified in this gushing view by the that' the Charitable Destitutions Commission -of 1870 advised this course, believing it to be pr-eferrable to the personal collection Sys;- tem. Now it is not of much consequence to lis "what the committee of the Melbourne Hospital may do in this regard, although, of course, we should be sorry, in. the interests of snffering hu inanity, to see that institution suffer by any idiosyncrasy on the "part of its management But there is just the danger of this example being followed by the committees "qf charitable institutions in -which we are'deeply ins teinested, bocause there, is an . air of saying & Ealary or commission about it hat is" pretty str<Hig; aittd, therefore, e feel bound to r - have our say upon tlie matter. * * -Th« people of -this colony re no doubt a'veiy lilKSsl people; and oo much pmise can. scarcely bp bestowed upon them for what they doip^his Way. But it seems to lis to be o s certain as one's own existence, that iftJiepublic waM left to iBend' in its contributions to the charities in the manner proposed. by Melbourne . wisdom, at least one-half of thebmtoey which the charities aow receive would very sooh he conspieuous hj^ its abttnee. '-' There wonM.arise inmajiyijtisrters so many persoual p^esoiis why the gaoaey ehoqld not be senior _why_ the. 6ending ;ct. ife «hoold be d«iayed, -or why , the ccntri'- t fcntions should be reduped,;«r why thte p denatiwis ehosjd be - forge^rai -altogetfier, that tfee certaiaiy is : thaf not only wou]£ the 'jgrosi snnnal amoent fell off very considers!^, .hut . ja yepi-jor two of this sort pf thing would be quite sp^cient to plunge every one of onr tfluuitifis utto fainwiliBfo. The few appuld, no do^ht, be; puuctaeJ in their payments, eesding in their y dteqoes . with scniptdOuis T^ularity, A B«t the, irwjfflily^ WouH ^rtalnly sot d g ehoy: the «wdin«tfa| aad the di^ii p culty ' which: (^..^BetllojB,-. pow t perieno^* ' l '3a!'.ilte' G b a it pLeadmg. ' — j hen, to follow^ he would-tie to or it would mewi$ably down subscription listsisost la^enAf. bring no end of ^0S«d#ipofi<he ™ stitution that -sn^i a blu^£ der. The employment collectors is, no doubt, a costly process, send seems! morelike- forcing nioney oit of people for charitable ends^than leaving *hem to ' discharge their duty \- in -this way, withdtaf Jcom^Son. Bat we must take the world as it is, and not as we wpnld Jike it %o be. Personal canvassing does Bring in the money; when leaving it to people's own accord, so to speak, would not. There can'' be no doubt, then, that persona] canvassing cannot /be set, asde, .without a much^re^rsMriiice being madf than the cost it ijivolv-es; and, therefore, to abandon persons^ -canvassmg for our charities would be one of the gj^atest -errors in this i-espect that could well becommitfed. Wetrust,however, that -the example set -by the Melbourne Hospital committee will not te followed here. It is a notion that flies direct in the teeth of all experience; and, therefore, any committee -that fell in with it would be sure "to do an immensity pf harm by taking such a nostrum to its bosom. > FIGURATIVELY speaking, Mr VALE is " getting more kicks than halfpencefor the im mense-igood he has dojie to the revenue of the colony by his action in the case of the late Registrar' of Probates. Ordinaty-aiinded peojAe would have thought that all sides, ,of politics would have joined in praise':0f Mr VALE over this matter. That the revenue has, suffered by Mr BLira's oversights, to use a-mild terra, has all -through this tempest in a teapot been as certain as the evils of the pension system. How much has been lost to the Treasury through these oversights it is impossible to telL Bat that the amount from first to last" lias been, a stiff one, the londest of Mr BLAIE'S Conservative friends would ecarcely have the temerity or impudence to traverse. Whatever course, then, Mr VALE took to do right to .the Jrablic ih this matter, all ordinary people would have thought would , have-called forth, from foe and friend alike, the warmest possible approval. But for about the thousandth time,'the Victorian public has learnt by now that a Minister of the Crown, who endeavors to do his duty to the people, need not expect kind treatment, unless he is hand and glove with the. Conservative party, when, whether he deserves it or not, he is sure to get it in abundance. Mr VALE, however, does not belong to this particular class; and, therefore, he miist be assailed just as vehemently when he is doing right, as when he should happen to be '.vrong, in his actions. 2fow, in this case of Mr BLAIR'S, has Mr VALE done anything that is harsh, or wrong t On the contrary, he has done, on the one hand, a proper .thing for the country, and, on the other,. all that is kindly and considerate to the late ^Registrar of Probates. In the first place he has abolished the- office, because he finds it an excrescence; and thus he saves £610 a-year to the Treasury. In the second place, - Mr VALE has-decided that Mr -BLAIR shall be paid all the time he was under suspension, or up to the 31st of December, and his superannuation allowance in addition. The latter will amount to £1220; and what is due. to Mr BLAIC as salary up to the 31st of December will no doubt add a hundred, or two to these figures. Now, -it was quite in the power of Mr VALE to have dismissed Mr BLAIR without & shilling. He had been condemned by a properly constituted board; and had Mr VALE liked, he oould, therefore, have withheld all compensation and all salary from him. But Mr VAIJB took a more considerate and generous view of the case, than this, as Mr BLAIR has done j»ood service, as well as fallen into mistakes, during the time he has been in the State employment Mr VALE treated Mr BLAIR in the same manner as though.he had been removed, not from any fault of his own, but simply that the office he held might be abolished. Where, then, is the least opening for attacking Mr VALE in this case ? On the contrary, there is every room afforded for complimenting him. not only-for saving the revenue, not, only for cutting, down .the cost of the service, by the abolition of a needless post, hiit also for treating Mr BLAIK in the. tnosfr gentlemanlike and kindly spirit Yet Mr VALE is attacked liv some of the Conservative prints with as much intensity of feeling as though he had turned Mr BLAIR out of the department without a .single shilling in his pocket We really do not know how fche Conservotive, papers can haW.ihe temerity to write as they do of ca^efs of tins kind.. But that Mr VAI^ hais done anythingwrong to the community, or acted Tin kindly to Mr BLAIR,' is one of the meanest and most .flagrant propositions that could he urged; and all the facts and figures, connected with this ease, render this assertion impossible of disturbance. ,.We are ?qwte gnre that Mr BLAIR is well satisfied with the treatment he has received, in spite of all his Conservative friends aver on the other side.' . He; has heen dealt with by ,Mr VALE most -genially; • and the more .the ' .£ase~ is' looked into and investigated, this more kindly and equitable will appear the decision. The conduct of -the Conservative papers in this afiair is, therefore, of the most unfair kind to Mr VALE; and n this point all the evidence 5B coin plete and conclusive., -I The rerena£ returns for the qnarter .ajid year which ended on 31st Decenjber/last .were puljlitliial in the Goverturieac, 'G^xtie issued last night The results shown are highly satisfactory. Omitting fractions, the retains for the' quarter wefe-,£l,25!,523, as against; £1,059,005 for 'the 'eorresponding quarter of 1S70. The increase for the quarter was, therefore, £192,518. Tlie total receipts for the year were—^TOS.SM. as against" £4,413,153 fortheyear 1879. The inereSe on the year was, therefore, £292,391. lie rincipal items in which the increases" occurred during the quarter were—<3ustoms, fbout £80.090; excise and inland revenue (including^ the. stamp, and- tobaoco, andOie ' auMes), about £64,000. 3he stamp dm contribrrted abont £100,000 « the increase bntfce year. : Hie beer:dirfy.lias.rfready brought in £14,500, and -tfie tobaoco duty J £2400. U Some conefteruatioa was caused' asaqhgst shareholders in the New "Lothau- Company esterday moriunfc conBE^uentjon a-sale by uction of forfmted sliarts, iot riiich oot the ^gfatest previous xjmoancement bad'fhgea ireu to the Ballarat afaarehpUUti, ' ft apesiit that the company was rq^ateied under he dd act and ttot ^ oafl iras duly made ast month, and .advertised - only in the lnnes Mper - and^tile Government Gazette. ut ssa&a; mo&A; of forfeiture or sale was dvm»itdA the iloori -jtramala, pajority rf ^ ^ R ^ C t a rande. Cotwe- • ji'y i. .i si'i' t a. s x -- .tit'i for swearing in special constables on sni occasions. Constable Bourke, of Barkstaad, coming into Ballarat yesterday, saw an elderly majj in a trap -driving in a very «rra&c; sort of way in Wills street, and fearing that he would come to some misfortune, the officer arrested him on a charge of being drunk, and removed him to the City lock-up. The conveyance and the horse attached to it were also taken charge; ot . John Morton, -on^remaiid, was brought up at the Town Police Court yesterday morning on a charge of having wilfully damaged a pair of handcufife, valued at 3s 6d, the prorerty.of the Victorian Government, oa the 30th ultimo. ' The accused pleaded guilty to this , charge. There was a second charge" against Morton, for having assaulted an Italian named. Stephano Z^pelli, with intent to do him grievous bodily harm, on the 28th ultimo. Mr ti&nnt; who appeared for the defence, took objection to this charge, winch was afterwards -altered to that of common assault Both cases Were, at Mr Gaunt's request, remanded tall the 30th January. Hail was allowed in twosnreties of £100 each, and himself in the sajne ampunt., The prisoner's hrother. James Morton, was then charged with having agauiHwi ,-flnnB^^ O'Brien, with intent to do him grievous bodily harm, on the 30th ultimo. ' & Gamnt, on behalf of his client, pleaded guilty to a 'tsharge of eommyn assanlt. Hie also pleaded.gnilty to another 'charge of having damaged, the constable's uniform to the extent of £2, on tiie same date. There was another charge against the accused, for having assaulted Constable Parsons in the execution of his duty, on the same date, which the constable proved. The bench'- sent' the prisoner to gaol for three months on the first charge, and bound him over in two sureties -of foO-each to keep the peace for twelve months,. For tr-e second offence the prisoner was fined 106 and 40s damages, in default one month's imprison- W M p f • beeipddoratft, regardtptlielStiOck wHch w l S ^ p a ^ through their bande. It appeared also Oat the auctioneer had not been notified of the mimbere-6f the scrip he was selling, .and -Mr inplaa, afihar^olfa^enliered^ verbal pro- '^tefeitiiat thesaie wasfliigal, ua^that'if any of ills slumes were sold--fee would place the matter in theiuadB kjf -itiB iiblicitor. - Howfever,' Mr Pitzpatrick^ continued and carried oat his instructions, selling all the shares at JOs 6d and 12s 6d. Whether the sale is l_-gal or not will, no -doubt, have yet to be -determined, bat the fact of no public notification having been given of the sale was TS'ty unfavorably commented upon by many o£ those present at the sale. The senseless vandalism practised on New Year's eve was not confined to Ballar&t; alone, for in the borough of Sebastopol no less than thirty footbridges were overturned at the various crossings. At the meeting of the council last evening, the town clerk also stated that he estimated the damage to public property on the same evening at about £25, and suggested that an amendment might be ment; and on the third charge a fine of 40s -was inflicted, in default one month's imprisonment Tlie -water reserves are becoming very favorite rcBorts for picnickers, and -especially at this season of the year do the out-of-door pleasurets of this district seek the seclusion the reserves grant. Yesterday, there were nearly £ dozen different parties of picnickers camped ne^r Kirk's dam, picnickers who took their pleasure quietly in that pretty place. Two of these re-vellers might have been overheard yesterday-talking on the day they had had, thusly:—No. 1, philosophically, "Well, we drove out there, had a nice little alfresco lunch, did nothiqg all the afternoon, and yet I feel that I have enjoyed "the day most keenly." No. 2, who was evidently something of a Sybarite, " That's just it. We have done nottung, and have enjoyed the holiday. There is nothing so absurd to my mind as to see people go out for a holiday, and then work harder in pastime than they do in an ordinary day's work. It's a grievously mistaken' way of seeking true enjoyment." They said- more, bnt our reporter had, as people of his profession do, 'inoved along. Among the -vehicles yesterday taking visitors to the water reserves were conveyances running the scale of vehicular grades, from the humble furniture van to the aristocratic "four in hand. Six lads, the eldest of whom was only fourteen years of age, were proceeded against at the Town Police Court yesterday morning, for having stolen forty-eight pigeons, the property of Mr E. C. Cordukes, chemist, Main road._ The two youngest of the defendants, hanied Nicholas Hfll and George Wright, whose united ages were just equal to the age of the oldest defendant were not prosecuted. It appeared from the statement of Mr Cordokes, that he kept the pigeons •confined in a smill house, and the defendants broke into it arid stole the birds, twentythree of: which had since been recovered.- -George Walsh, John Hill, Alfred Cridge, and Alfred Wright, the four other defendants, were each imed ,6s, ralue of birds 6s, and costs 10s, in default fourteen days' imprisonment " We ondecstand that sereralof oorciljzehs contemplate making substantial additions to their villa remdencee, and amongst others Mr W. Bailey Intends to construct a handsome iron railing with basalt foundations around his residence in Drummond street to harmonise with the iron fence around the Hospital reserve opposite. , The three rock-borers imported for use at the Queen's Birthday mine arrived by the Bhip Hoghton Tower, Trom London, on Wed nesday,. and will be forwarded to. their, destination in a few days. ' " •" ' £ A correspondent writes:^-" Hare's system of representation having teen rather a prominent topic of late, and an .-essay ill favoF of it haring been delivered, in connection with the Ballarat ^Baaek -of -the Australian Natives' Associatioh, the members of the branch decided to put it to the test, and hold the half-yeariy eleetdon of officers under it. All the-officeo, with tlie ^sceptical of the committee were elected without opposition^ but for the five seats on the committee there were fifteen homrnatidns. "The system having been fairly-explained, a ballot was held, and all present were satisfied with the result as a thoroughly representative committee was elected." ,, , Hie. following telegram was received in Ballarat yesterday by the agent of the company that will nppe&r; in -the Academy of Mnmc, Xydiard street, next Monday evening: —" Sandhurst liurBday ^vaiing.—Another ^eat compliment will he paid to Hiss Pomfiroyvtoa^ght when a number of .the citizens, accompanied Iqr the volunteer bands, will oall at tSe theatre, and escorPStssi Pomeroy - home, • serenading her there after her arrival," We may add that tbe -sniraeriptiori 'tickets" are berri^ 'taken eapi.dlyt y that y vcrylJiii^' indicates a very, suceessfnl Beasoh for this company dnring their stay in Ballarat. - \- At a jneetmg, Jheld last evening, of. the Anglo-Jewish Association (Ballarat branch) the following- members' .were re-elected as np a Mr Philip WmdHHllerj -eoiTesporHient, fieri L M. Goldrei* hi committee, Mrasrs: W. Plcgeltanb and J. Bern^on; "lion. secretaijL' b Mr G. Vincb. : •. ' . - &pt;^n "Hennah, iolf ttie jsteaim' BaEarat Jiaving kindly volunteered to give the children of tie Orphan Asylum , a day's jsdinE on Wedn^y;-tod >Cr W r eningtoii Wmg generonsly-placed .his liases at the disposal rf the superintendent of the oiphanage, ; the children, headed by -fheSr .lKind, visited tbe Botanical Gardens, wiiere a very happy and pleaaaxit -day nmm spent Mr lvieland kindly brought 15 gallons of rimtwbeer, and Mr Catea atiae- of phrtns. IfrHfiriiizitoo'kihe cpildren for severitl trips about the' lake, and home again ih the evening. , , - "this haif-yearly meeting of the BallaiU anch of the" Aiteaian Jfati W ABSociaionwas hdd at Craig's hotel On Wednesday "evening, at attendance, tepMngtiie preadentandtreasnrerof the Creswick branch. £ontine business havinjg been transacted, the b»lanre-S&eet; bowmgput the b ^ ^ t X m ^ d l f y J ^ d «a™bl fond by £2517s Bd, ven- a l ^ ' Accounts «nounW4» £286s 6d were'paaiedfer paym*nt andth® folln^sbffidirs wfare elected • (nn^^—'- .': Wheal, 3. alter, Jjfeaj ows CaAIen aSdM'Kissock. «ihwright were apointed jumoal coaerence Kelidd in Ballarat on tie 28th itdfant - ^ we are requested to state that there was ( truth in the paragranhnent to us on Wednesday about ^ St. Andrew's d Kirk. Hie sad accident which happened on it the other day left no- such un^htlyremembranees beiiind it as allied. - The fifth service in connection with tbe Ballarat Evangelical Alliance week of united e prayer was held last night in'St. Andrew's Presbyterian Church, Shirt Street. There was a. very large-congregation, and the Rev. BL Bath presided. The Byev. Wm. Clirk delivered an address on "Oar Sabbath schools." To-night another service will be held in the Wesleyaii Church, Lydiard street at which the Rev. J. G. Wright will preside. Hie Rev, J. W. Inglia -sill < address the congregation cm " The Lord's Day." There was" a blank cliarge:sheet at jhe (Sty Police Court yesterday morning, Mr Levisson, watchmaker,. of this. city, has just received some cut crystals of a novel description for feeing in brooches, lockets, studs, or similar ornaments. Figures of various kinds are cut into the hacks of the crystals and then painted, .which gives them a very pretty appearance, and shows well The crystals arc well worth inspecting. •We have heard, though we do loot vouch for the- truth of the statement, that the w&d; beast tamer, Xengel, - who was killed by a tiger in Ortirtney^ circus, in the West Indies last September, was the same man who used to _ perform with -the lions in Cooper and Bailey's circus, ic Ballarat " The monthly meeting of the board of management of the "Young Men's Christian Association was held, (says the Age) on Wednesday afternoon; Alderman Ham, president in the chair. The business was of a financial character, viz., to consider a proposal made jet; the - recent intercolonial convention by Mr Hitchcock, of liquidation of the debt (£4000) in connection with t'ae Iw3ding in Russell street. It . was thought tlha% ihaay'wealthy merchants'aud others would give liberally and gladly to. extinguish ti>e entire-debt if the matter was hearffl^ gone into. Several preaent gave £30 each. TTie matter will come up for further consideration next week,' when definite steps will be tallcen.' _ \ ' We haw received -the following:—Tho Norwich Union annual -diary, and, through Mr little, the Ballarat agent, the Imperial Fire Insurance Company's almanac for 1881. The Barkly Street. Mutual Improvement Association re-assetablqd £>n Tuesday, in tfce vestry, afrer the Christinas vacation. Sir Glenny occtipied the chair, and there was an attendance of ' sixty members. After the balance-sheet of the temperance meeting was read and received, readings and recitations were given by Messrs Biyaiit ' Phillips, Hambly, Vcrcoe, Glenny, 'Clemence, and a lady member, who. for-the .first time, recited well, speaking clearly and distinctly. "Hie gentlemen also acquitted themselves well The usoal votes of rimnl?R closed the meeting. Next-Tuesday evening a discussion will take place between Messrs Reid and Bryant; subject, " Dancing." Several Sunday school picnics were held yesterday at the Botanical Gardens. , From the Zion Church, t>ehastopo\ there were 300 present indndiag members of the congregation as well as - Sunday -school children.- Mr L. Thomas was the superintendent and Mr W. L. Williams caterer. The party made the Excursion and home trips in cabs. There were two picnics from Creswick—St. Andrew's Presbyterian and St. John's Church of England; the former being in charge of the Rev. C. Robinson, and the latter in charge of the Rev. W. H. Geer. There were about -500 present Mr Mlnlyre" catering. • The two picnics came in by special train, at half-past eight o'clock in the -morning, returning, again at seven in the evening. The children spent a very pleasant time in the gardens, and during their stay were treated to a trip round -the lake in one of Mr JVey's steamboats. Hie yacht Viola and Grand Flaneur, of the B.Y.C. fleet were conveyed by rail to Geelong yesterday to compete at the regatta in Corio Bay on Monday aext Both craft are entered for the second-class yacht r.ace, the first-class being for boats over 10 tons measurement. The Mount Pleasant State school again passed its average number of pupils at the recent matriculation examination, eightpassing the matriculation, and eleven the civil service examination. The 'successful -candidates were:—For both matriculation and civil sen-ice—Annie Hicks, J. A. Barclay, O. L-Olden, T. Coburn, J. -Martin, A. H. Porter, B. O'Dowd, J. S. Waalcy. For civil service alone—Esther Reynolds, W. Keep, W. Bowie. Some of the successful candidates passed with credit in -one or two subjects. Mr Nicholls also sent up five or six candidates for the exhibition examination,, in which one or two candidates are expected to have been successful. The results will not be made known for a short time yet Thin school has already pulled off four of the annual exhibitions. • L. • The receipts on the "Victorian railways for the week which ended on the 30th December, were £31,230 15s 10d. The amount received in the corresponding week of 1879 was £26,205 19s 9d. Hie attendance at the Exhibition oa Wed uesday was as follows:—By single ticket 5660; season ticket holders, 59; miscellaneous, 16®—total, 7358. ' The following Item Appears in Use Police Gazette:—Stolen from the office of Augustus Rheppard," Ballarat, '•within, the iast three months, , an oval gold broOeh, vine wreath and ^grapes round the ^dge; -large'.leaf in centre, covering place for a likeness, and place for hair, at the back. *~The Castlemajne Sepreiieiilalive says that a son of Mr C. Young, ILL. A. for Kyneton, was recently ro&ried; to MiBs Kerferd, the eldest daughter of the'Hon. J: B Kerferd. Befemng to the removal of Mr Blair from tbe poet •of regiEtrar of probates, the Telegraph says:—" Mr BlairVsalary wjUbepaid up to 31st instant and he :w3i receive (compensation at the rate of onemonth's pay for Avery year of service. 'MrTOair. has been in the pub]ic service-twenty- four yeara, «nd as at the present, time he receives a. salary of £614 per annum, bis . compensation will amount to £1220." ..' "' ; A meeting (says the Argut) washeld in the Scots' Chnrch, Collins Street' on Wednesday evening for the propose of apraentation to the Rev. Charles Strong, sequence - of the completion of, the fifthyea^of his pastorate of the church. Mr R. j. <JeSr3.y presided, and presented Mt Strong with an address, txpressiag ^preciatioh of his services, accompanied with a silver salver' and a purse containing a cheque for £200. Mr Strong- in reply,^ referred to the difficnltieg- imdar wluchirmustefs labored atthe' present day in conae<|neiice. of the transition through which lien's minds were passing, and expressed his gratitude for. the mark of ppreciation that had been bestowed upon him. y The Gtflonj Advertiser understands that the Government haxe .drawn on the banks for another half- million on account of the new o m . Hie Age says that Sir A. Michie is about to commence practice in Sydney. '' _The Soirih-Eagkfn Star says:-*-"A keei m it of swindlingwas -carried • •on" st the nLeeconrBe^n-^-^mjild'diy^orthe'Ttolje" r races by a n^au, (name -jtinlaaown) .travelling with a monkey. -For the purpose of carrying out the same he hfis twdvfi. large tiefcett made of lead, with five numbers on cach, and balls, supposed 'with corresponding uumberE,' which jtii-e pirt into a whael of fortune arrangement . Hlieii.tiifi tictetsare-allsold (twelve, dtSs ead>), the barrel is revolved, the slide drawn, ana Gfaarieg tfhfe moofefey} paws ime ball out and hands it to his master^ whoatontK'callBoutflie numbeiisnd hands to the holdM-.of the ticket 20e, or lSs and another chnace.. Bnt ; toit bang »tisSed with g.S20 pes- cent prrtfit, hfe gets fi man t!» button" jfor him by taking a , ticket aiod letting _ him see-the numbers oa it. 1 - The monkey jpulls ^ the ball, and before anyone csii see the dumber (if titers-is one),, the man pops it backin the barrel again, mid cf conrae calls ont'a number that as oar the ticket his mate is holder ot ' Hlis state of things did not laat hwe,- -wbai: he T V 98 " W : gled to haad ibe nianey baefc ior the last ticket thst had.been drnctt, aad be n-as tiot n : v ,,, {:,,;V. TkefyUcejOosdiLiit/ufB thij^-oontems rather l^msrApaannnationa of mem- »sof them fc^ectcn- Bui^ Xof G^gi. «id firstc14SB Detective M«iftwariiig,'ho»i «f whom have s e r v e d ' T h e , VMMMy caused WlOHB^or V .... ^ ^ n the vacancy will jgbtibe n a t e B M u i t i i e ' boat h and dry^t Point<Pook. t^ljariy Wednesday monmfeihe Saiaaridgepolice recovered rf :A wdmaii's othing, which was lonndaloug- the beacli, between !he town pier and ifhk teths at Emerald'HiU- The name of LautS- Williama was malted upon them, and it is cpnjeetured s ttat theartjcl 68 belonged to one of tiie perona wh^ took'away "*-the boat On Thursday last. ' J ' ~ • A tdferam from Sydney in yesterday's a Age say* young man Tismed Codefat dived m Newcastle Harbor on Wednesday for a bag of moasy, lost overboard from the steamevtTlnto at-ihe New Tear isgatta. He divedlSfeet and found -the bag. Hierewas » consideijile danger of sharks. , He was -tewardedkith hau the contentB. " - Attention is directed to the sale of household furnitare," piano, and«&cte;,'to be hdd this day by Mr Cloxton, at the lecture-room, Mechaifis' Institute, at twelve o'clock. In pii advertising colnmns to-day,'Ihe _ erinit Lutijerin picnic comrnittee thinks Mr Taylsr tor the giatuitoas^faips which he gave inliis boat io the children, on the lake, Jast Tuesday. ' •".": . i :' A raiding of the stewards of tbe Lai Lai Falls Tjirf Club will be'held at Hager'sOi terion pob^t Doweh» street, next Saturday afternooo, at four o'clock, to pay over stakes, and tortile up all accounts connected with o m ^ b g A meeting Of the United Operative Bakers' Association will be held at the Buck's Head hotel next Saturday evfeihig, at half-past eight The; annual meeting of the Protestant Mutual Benefit Society will be held at' the mechanics' institute, .Sebastopol, ' to-day. Businis, to elect officers and recave.baiaucesheets; \- , -, There-OJK.'ning of the Golden -Point Wesicyan|Churth mil take place next Sunday, when preespeoal sermons wfllbe preached— in tiiet morning by the Bev. J. W. Inglis, in -the aSernooa by the Rev. A. Powell, and in the erening W Mr John Junes, SIX: A. A collection will be made at each service in : aid of! the building fund, a 