This evening, according "to a notice pub lished in our advertising columns, a public meeting is to be held in the Shire Hall "for the purpose of taking steps to urge upon the Government the necessity of con structing a weir across the Avoca River at its junction with Rutherford's Creek." It will he remembered that a few weeks ago Messrs Laiigdon, Grant and Dow, M's.L.A., interviewed the Minister of Mines and Water Supply with the hope of obtaining a grant from the Government for tho con struction of this work, but the answer re ceived was not favorable, indeed, in effect, it was looked upon as a refusal, given chiefly on the ground that the engineer's report on ' the project had condemned it. It is claimed, however, by the promoters of the movement, that both the engineer and the Minister have quite misunderstood the object of the request by supposing that only a township supply is required, aud that therefore the report and decision of the Minister is based upon wrong data. If the Avoca people were seeking a direct water supply for the township only they would ask for the Number One Creek scheme, which has been approved by all the engineers who have inspected it ; but this would have to bo formed on money lent by the Government, and the town is not yet po pulous enough to pay the interest on the outlay. Instead of this the people ask that one of the several weirs to be constructed on the Avoca River at the Government cost may be placed near Avoca, and they point- out a very excellent site for it and urge that it will be as useful as one constructed anywhere else, and will be serviceable both to the farmers, stock-owners and. the town ship, and further that it will defer the re quirement of a more expensive water scheme for Avoca for many years to come. Re garded from this point of view the propo sal does not suffer condemnation by the ob jections of the engineer, that the town is at a higher level than the propo3od reservoir, etc. Another remark made by Mr. Lulz must also be viewed in a different aspect now than at the time when the report was written. . The concluding portion of the re port says : — "There is enough evidence at hand to show that wells sunk along the River Avoca to a depth of about 60 feet would give a supply of good water all the year round, and if a few of such wells were made, in addition to those already in exis tence, the township would never be short of water for domestic supply ; and for other purposes, such as watering of cattle, etc., a a few small and inexpensive embankments across the river, would retain the necessary quantity of flood water." The wells above referred to were never very reliable in a dry season, when only taxed to supply the requirement's of the township, but there is a probability that when the Golden Stream Company have drained their ground they will also have drained the drift along the Avoca River, and therefore the alternative offered by Mr Lutz will not be avail able. We would also submit that if the few small and inexpensive embankments could be formed elsewhere on the river for watering cattle, etc., as suggested above, one could be formedat the excellent site of fered by the townspeople,. ;and this, is all that would be required for the present. The Avoca Shire Council will meet at Moonambel to-morrow. The principal business to be transacted is the considera tion of the estimates for next year and the , striking of the rate. . ; . ; A sad accident, resulting ia the death, of a young man well known in this district, occurred yesterday afternoon on the road from Natte Yallock to Homebush. From tbe particulars to hand it appears that Andrew Young, youngest son of Mr A. Young, of Natte Yallock, was carting timber to one of the claims at Homebush, and having gob- off his waggon to see that: his load was all right, attempted to regain his seat on the shaft, but he missed his footing and fell under the waggon, when both wheels went over his body. When the first wheel passed over him he tried to move out of the way of the second, but had not enough strength to succeed, and the second wheel then went over his body at another part. The strangest part of the oc currence is that he then: got up and walked over half a mile before lie was overcome by thepainof his injuries. Medical as sistance was obtained for him; as soon as possible after the accident was kuown, but he died this morning at 5 o'clock.; He was only 25 years old, and was' well respected. We understand that deceased will be in terred to-morrow afternoon, in the Avoca cemetery. We remind . our readersxthat a public meeting will, be -held in the Shre Hall this evening: to decide' upon the course to be adopted to urge upon the Government the necessity of constructing a weir acroshe river, near the Botuuical Reservo. j A telegram .from Carisbrook informs us of a most determined suicide which took place in the lock-up at that place ou Sunday night or yesterday morning. A man named White had been arrested on Saturday on a charge of stealing a case of whiskey from the Britannia Hotel. He had entered the Hotel when it was full of people, removed tlie case from the bar and put it into a wheel-barrow at the door, and then wheeled it home. He was tracked by the mark of the barrow, and the bottles were found hidden in a waterhole. Yesterday morning White was found dead in the. lock up, having hanged himself by means of a silk necktie to a bolt iu his cell. The deter- mination of the suicide is evidenced by tho fact that when deceased was found his feet touched the ground. Tlie undermentioned gentlemen have been appointed licensing magistrates in this dis trict : — Messrs W. Goodshaw and W. A. Adams, for Avoca, and Moonambel ; Messrs T. Hayes and Edward Butcher for Stuart Mill. Mr. Brooks Clay, well known in this dis trict at one time as a draper at Redbank and Maryborough, aud a member of the Avoca Shire Council about 15 years ago, is now in trouble in Melbourne over a gun. The gun is claimed by a widow who charges Clay with illegal detention, and Clay will not give up possession. He has already been in gaol for a week in connec tion with this matter, and on Eriday last, notwithstanding the advice of the magis trate to give up the gun, lie elected to go to gaol for another weok while he further pon dered over the difficulty. At the Avoca police court, yesterday, be fore Mr C. W. Carr, P.M., Prank Valley and W. Dance were charged with : cutting timber on Crown lands, without a license, and were fined 2s 6d each. There was no other business. Tlio boys of the Avoca and Homebush schools met in a football contest on tbe local cricket ground on Saturday. Tbe match was won by the Avoca lads, by three goals and 22 behinds, to nothing. Mr. Geo. R. Hall, dentist of Melbourne and Sandhurst, will pay his usual monthly visit to Avoca to-morrow. The comet was very plainly seen at Avoca on Sunday and Monday evenings. Mr J. P. Paten has received from Mr Dow, M.P., a report of that gentleman's interview with the Deputy Postmaster General in reference to the petitiou for a daily mail to Bung Bong, but it does not contain anything of importance additional on the particulars we published last weok. With the view of setting all doubts at rest as to the accuracy of the recent census, the Government Statist notifies in another column that ten shillings reward will be paid to any person who will prove that his household was omitted by the sub-enume rators. Tbe notice only applies to reports made after the date of the advertisement. The Illustrated Australian Newt for June 1st contains the following illustrations : — A Ballad Concert, the Steamer Tararua, the Last on the Wreck (a scene on the Tararua), Lawrence's Swim through tbe breakers, Norwood Homestead (Tasmania), portraits of the young princes, arrival of the Plying Squadron, H.M.S. Bacchante, three views of the Prince's Rooms on board tho Bacchante, Casting Pipes (Langland's Foundry), Last Days of the Exhibition, the Hospital for Incur ables. . ! In the Assembly on Thursday, during the debate on the Reform Bill, Dr L. L. Smith desired to read some extracts he had made from constitutional authorities, but was unable to do so, as he said, because the light was bad, adding afterwards that- the extracts were in his own hand- writing, and that he should have kuown ho would not be able to read them. The admission caused some laughter amongst lion, mem bers. An hotel-runner named Mulholland stabbed a farmer named Hill at Sandhurst on Thursday evening. Tbe Glanmire Castle has landed S50 Chinese at Sydney, of whom 146 arc for Melbourne. The Daily Telegraph says that, iu view of the continued opposition of "certain members" in dealing with the reform ques tion, the Chief Secretary is seriously con sidering the advisability of introducing a motion which will deal with the obstruc tives, and permit of progress being made in the consideration of the Council's amend ments. . The Yictoria arrived ;at Queenscliff on Friday, and reported that she had searched all the principal islands of the Straits with out finding traces of the . missing ship Cambria. It is expected that the Bacchante, with the young princes on board, will not reach Melbourne until the 15th prox. Mr Berry had an interview with His Excellency the Governor on Friday in reference to the political position. It is supposed that the Chief Secretary is anxious for a dissolution of Parliament on the Reform question. The result of the inter view has not yet been published, v. An anti-Chinese meeting was held in Melbourne on Friday night. Mr Berry was present and promised that if in office next session he would introduce the mea sure ou the Chinese question which had been agreed to lately by the intercolonial conference. Chief Justice Lilley, of Brisbane, de clines be honor of knighthood recently con ferred upon him. In England, Mr: Gladstone has under taken to make one stamp for the future available both fcr postage and receipts. It is stated that .' a Chinese child in George street Sydney is suffering from small- pox. Sir Arthur Kennedy; the Governor of Queensland, is now in Melbourne on a visit to his son-in-law, Rear-Admiral the Earl of Clanwilliam. , A man named James Liddle, sixty years of , age cut his throat at Riclimoud on Saturday, and is not expected to recover. Ilenery Colley and Amy Lewis are still in the hospital and the former is recovering, but unfavourable symptoms have appeared in the case of tho girl, and her recovery is now doubtful. A curiosity in the shape of a black ghost is hauutirig Carisbrook. Some of the residents there are searchiug for it with cudgels. The Herald says that Superintendent Hare is not a candidate for the secretary ship of Y.R.C., as he has no intention of leaving the police force. . The Board of Land and Works was sued on Saturday for £5000 compensation to the widow and children of Loughlin McLean, station overseer, who was killod by a passing engine in Flinders Street on the night of the 6tk July. The jury gave a verdict for the full amount. Alfred Newhatn, for arson of Temora Herald office, has been sentenced to three years' hard labour. The case " Griffith v. Holmes and Salter," was concluded' at Ballarat before Judge Higinbotkam on Friday. Plaintiff, a me dical man, sued the defendants, who are so licitors, for £20,000 damages for neglect in conducting his defence about five years ago , when he was convicted of malpractice' at an accouchement. - The j ury found a ver dict for the defendants, and al so stated that ! plaintiff had not established !ii\ \unocence ancl had been legally convicted-.!" The Reform Bill was again before the Assembly on Thursday evening, but no pro gress was made with it, in consequence of a long speech made by Dr. L. L. Smith on the pattern furnished by Mr. Mirams on the previous evening. This had the effect of dragging several other members into the debate, which occupied the whole evening. The Awrtralian Medical Journal writes: — " Tho reports that reach us of tho increas ing prevalence of smalhpox in London justify our again urging the necessity for thorough inspection of evory incoming vessel. A slight carelessness in this respect ihigbt at any time produce the most terrible results. During the twenty weeks ending March 26 the number of small- pox patients in. the metropolitan asylums' hospitals steadily increased from 77 to 853. The new cases admitted during the last three weeks of that period were respectively 195, 186, and at last advices 265. The foolish anti- vaccination craze, so widespread at home, has greatly interfered with the pre vention of the spread of the disease. We commend this, subject to the most serious attention of our sanitary authorities and of the Government." A frightful tragedy was enacted at Port Augusta on Thursday night, a Greek named John Marritch fatally wounding his wifo and severely wounding a man with whom she had been living. It appears itbat tbe wounded man, whose name is Louis Thompson, deserted from the ship Alfred Hawiey about a year ago, and went to Port Pirie, where he met Mrs Marritch, and. eloped with her. They have, since lived together in the railway yard at Port Augusta. Marritch some time ago, hear ing where they were living together, threa tened to murder them ; and on Tuesday about eight o'clock, went to their tent, and finding Thompson stooping down at the wood heap, stabbed him from behind, the weapon striking the shoulder blade, and inflicting a frightful gash. Thompson ran away, and Marritch fired at ' him. Mar ritch then entered the tent and stabbed his wife in the left breast and abdomen.. Tho woman was soon after removed to the hos pital, where she died on Friday. Shortly after the affair occurred two shots were heard in the railway yard, and it is . pre sumed that Marritch tried to take his own life, as a large pool of blood was found near the spot where the shots were .heard; Marritch has been arrested. A married man at Sandhurst has been seriously hurt by a piece of quarts falling down a shaft on to the small of his back. Her Majesty's birthday was observed by the prisoners at the Pentridge Stockade with'tkat respect usually shown by other subjects throughout her empire. All the men were permitted to assemble in the long mess-room, where an entertainment was given, consisting of recitations, read ings, and songs. , On sucli occasions a pro gramme is made out, and the bestperformers are selected. Some of the men possess con siderable talent as vocalists. The prison ers conducted themselves in a very orderly manner, and enjoyed the short period which emancipated them from the strict rules and regulations which are necessary of observance in the management of a prison. The affair was brought to a con clusion by singing the National Anthem. Forged £1 notes are in circulation in Syduey. Joseph Bliss, one of the French escapes from New Caledonia, attempted to escape from the Governor Blackall on Friday, when a mile off the Heads, by jumping overboard. The gendarmes sent four in effectual revolver shots at the man, one taking a portion of his hair off. The steamer was stopped, and a boat launched, which gave chase, the Freuchman strug gled desperately to reach the shore. When close to the rocks he was overtaken in a very exhausted condition, but not without trouble. He expresses a desire to be drowned rather than be taken back to New Caladouia. Tbe Central Australian, published at Bourke, is responsible for the following story. — " It is stated that on the day the telegraph office was opened at Cobar tbe editor of the local paper and some of the leading business men sent a telegram to Queen Yictoria, congratulating all parties on tbe event. In reply the following tele gram was received. — 'Am delighted to find telegraph wire extended so far into the interior of Africa, and that the native chief and his officers understand the English language.' " Mr. Archibald Forbes has a high opi nion of the late Emperor of Russia. He says he should characterise him in brief as tbe only honest Russian he ever knew. 'He had the unkappiness,' says Mr. Forbes, 'of being better than his race. He was a good man, who honestly strove for a long time to make his people purer and better, and who lived long enough to come sadly to the conclusion that it was impossible, and finally to become, in a: shadowy way, per haps, tainted with the universal corrup tion around him.' A full meeting of the Cabinet was held yesterday, for the purpose of considering the present condition of parties iu connec tion with tbe Reform Bill Obstruction. In dications have been given to tbe Govern ment that further obstruction to the course the Ministry intend to pursue -will not be offered. Mr Berry believes that arrangements of so satisfactory a character , have been arrived at that tlie amendments will be passed early this week in accordance with the wishes of the Government. Cruelty to dumb animals is one of the dis tinguishing vices of the lowest and basest of the people. Wherever it is found, it is a certain mart of ignorance and meanness, an intrinsic mark which all the external advan tages of wealth, splendor and nobility can not obliterate. — Jones of Nayland." Sensible Advice. — Tou are asked every day. through the columns of newspapers and by your druggist to use something for your dyspepsia and your liver complaint that you know nothing about. Tou get discouraged , spending, money with but little success. Now, to give you satisfactory proof that Green's August Flower will cure you of dyspepsia and liver complaint, with all its effects, such as, sour stomach, sick headache, habitual costive- ness, palpitation of the heart, heartburn,' water brash, fullness at the pit. of stomach,; yellow skin, coated tongue, indigestion, swim ming of the head, low spirits, etc., we ask' you to go to your druggist and get a sample: bottle of Green's Augu-. t Flower for 9d, or a regular size for 4s ; two doses will cure you. All chemists. Wholesale agents, Rocke, Tompsitt and Co., Melbourne. Australian IT air Restorer is confidently recommended as being far superior to English and American preparations (no matter how great their pretensions), and much cheaper, It thoroughly cleanses the head from dan- driff, promotes new growth, and a single bottle will positively restore grey or faded hair to its original color and beauty. Pro prietors — Clejies and Bartleman. Retailed by all Chemists in the colony. Price, 3s 6d- Agent — W. Goodshaw. — Advt. Hollowcu/s Ointment and Pills . — The Anchor of Hope. — If there he one description of: human know ledge superior to all others it is the knowledge of the means of preserving or regaiuiug health— want ing which, existence is a mockery— death ... a relief I-Iolloway's twin medicaments supply this great desideratum. In all diseases they are beneficial because they purify the blood, from which every portion of the body: must inevitably be renewed. The Ointment, by brisk friction, relaxes, penetrates, and then exerts its regulating aud wholesome in fluence on the skin and underlying organs. In this way the stomach, lungs, liver, and kidneys, can be effectively reached and inyigccated, especially if: nolloway's Fillstbesimultaueousiy taken to aid in tbe work of purifci&tiou; mid regeneration. w ; v - . r- 