HOW A SAILOR RODE WITH THE CZAR.—A FORECASTLE YARN. I By David Khr.1 [From Harper's' Young People."] " The queerest scrape as ever I got into," B&i; & old Jack Hawkins, "was.when I was quite young chap, makin' my fourth voyage to Booshia Thai's a qneer place, mates, if yon like! and th lingo's as qneer as the conn try. I'd larned to talk it a bit by the time I'm tellin' on, for one of Our crew was a Booshian, and I picked it tip from him. Bat I tell ye, 'twas as tongh a job asshapin'yer coarse.in a fog, with no sua to take a hobservation by, When yon want to say ' Thank yon,' yoa've got to sing oat' Blackguard are yon,'.'which don't sound pnrlite nohow. Then they call a speech a' wretch,' and a visitor a' ghost' (the last sort o' visitor J should like), and instead of ' Indeed!' they say • 8am Dalyy and some o' their own names are things like •Comb-hia- hair-off,' and * Blow-my-nose-off.'* "Altogether it's a qneer, twiBtified kind o' lingo, jist what yon might expect from foreign lubbers. What riled me most when I fast went over was that everybody kep' on callin' me a mat tress, and I'd punched two or three fellers' heads for it afore I found out that' mattress' (matroas) is their word for a sailor, Jist think o' that, now! " I can remember as well as if 'twas only yes terday, what an outlandish place St. Petersburg, seemed when I fast set foot in it. CJoaahtnen in bine frocks and red sashes, nurses with paste board crowns on, church towers plated with gold, policemen with swords by their sides, house porters rigged oat in sheepskin, wooden houses painted green and yeller—faot, there was no end to the qneer sights all abont. And when I got to know their talk a bit, it seemed' quite as outlandish to hem 'em obII each other 'John, the son of Peter,' or 'Paul, the sou of James,' 'stead o' handlin' one another's names ship-shape. "And then, again, talk o'beih'thick! why, this here plank 'nd be a joke to 'em. If one_ of our frigates was to be stuck all over with Boosbians' heads, she wouldn't want no armor platin'! How I'll jist tell yer a thing as I seed with my own eyes, and you can believe it or not, an you like. One day, when we was a-lying in the river alongside o' the Ostroff Quay, our old man calls up a Eoosbian lad chat used to do odd jobs for him. and gives him two twenty-kopeck pieces (which ere much the same as an English sixpence, or a 'Merican dime), tellin' him one on 'em's to go for bread, and t'other for 'baccy— which was all plain sailing enough, one would think. ""Well, away goes Dmi'ri, and doeBn't come back. 80 then the old man he sings out for me, and he saye, ' HawbiDs,' says he, ' just go and' see what's gone with Dmitri. I'll be bound th6 young dog has made a mess of that job.' " Bo oil I goes to the shop where we used to buy our things, and right at the very door I comes upon Mr. Dmitri, scratchin' his head, and' loobin'asif he'd clean lost what , few wits be - ever had. "Says I to him, 'Hollo, mate, what's up P* " Says he,' What ever am I to do? I've gone and mixed the two pieces, and now I don't know which was the one for the bread, and which was the one for the 'baccy .'f " But I must coil up the slack o' my yarn, or I'll never git it all in; so now to tell yer 'boat that scrape o' mine. "Bight on the river bank, near the Had miralty Building, there's a stattey of Peter the Great, put up by the Hempress Catherine 'boat a hundred years ago; and a real grand affair it is—lor Booshia. It stands on a big blook o'' gray granite, as was dragged all the way from Finland o' purpose. Peter's on a rearin' horse, pointin' across the river to where he fust began buildin' the town; and there's a sarpent crumpled up under his horse's feet, in sign of his ridin' the high horse over the heatheaish ways o' the country. " Well, I was passin' this stattey one night, bomin' back from a jollification with some o' my churns, when (I don't know how it was) it came into my bead all to once what a joke it 'ud he to climb up and sit upon the horse. So I scrambles over the railin', and up I goes. •' It was no easy job clitnbin' over the slippery granite, I can tell yer; but presently I got hold o' the serpent's tail, and then 0' the horse's, and worked my way np as if I was climbin' the. shrouds. The horse's hind-quarters was a tick lish bit. but I managed it somehow, and there I sat cheek by jowl with old Peter, as snug as jovt "But it warn't quite so snug in another minute or two; for a cold wind came aweepin*' up from the river, and with that and the oold metal I was sittin' on, my very teeth rattlsd in my head. Time to be glttln' down again,, thinks I. "Jist then I diskivered that ' git down! WM' easier said nor done. I couldn't turn round, and I couldn't see where to pnt my feet without it; and as for elidin' down at haphazard,' tain'fc likely I'd try that, with a five-and- twenty foot fall 'tween me and the pavement. Faot, I was in a regular fix; and afore I could make np my mind what to do, 1 heerd the tramp of a police patrol. JiBt as they passed one fellow shouted,. 'Hollo!' and they all stopped. I kept mum,,, hopin' they hadn't seen me; when what must I do hat give a sneeze fit to wake the whole' town.! "' I thought so,' cries the chap. ' Gome down, you fellow, come down directly.' "'All very fine sayin'come down,' says I,' but bow the dickens am I to do it ?' "' He must be an Englishman,' says one-.. ' Ivan, go for a ladder.' " The ladder came, and np scrambled two fel lows, and hauled me down like a sack o' flour.. I was too numbed by this time to show fights even if it had been any good; so the fellers jist marched me straight off to the watch-honse, and locked me up for the night. " Hext mornin' I was had np afore the Jndge -. and when the old chap eeeB me, he says, with a grin, * Aha! Angliski matroas' (an English sailor), as if that was quite enough to acoount for what ever I might have done. When he'd heard the charge he axed if I spoke Booshian, and finding I did, after a fashion, he told me to spin my yarn. So I paid it out pretty much as you hav& it now. " At every word I said the old fellow rubbed his hands and chuckled like any thin'; and the minute I'd done, he jist lay back in his chair, and laughed aa if he'd bust all to bits. "' Well,' says he, wipin' his eyes, ' that's tbe best story Preheard this year, or my name's not Phillipoff. But you reaily must not play suoh tricks hire, my man; so I'll fine you five rouble a (S3 75o), and mind you don't do it again.' "'Piveronblea!' says I; that's a pretty high fare for s ten minntea' ride.' - " * Can't be helped,' aaya he; 'if yon wilt ride with the Ozar, yon must expect to pay first class fare.' '"All right,' saya I, 'here's the money; but the next time I ride with the Ozar I'll git out afore they come round for the tickets.'" * For the benefit ot Mr. Hawkins's readers it may be as well to state that the real words are ' blago daren," " retscb." " aosst," " I'eawoindalay, 1 Komi sfiroff, " LomonOsoff."—D.K. t A fact 