I CJASTLEltfAINE BbROUGH COUNCIL. TKo above OoUncil mot yesterday. Presont : Tho Mayor, Crs Jamos, Redfearn, Dunstan, Adams, Greouhill, Yeats, Pearce and Rowo. The minutes of last mooting woro confirmed. nmmF.si'oitDENOE.— From Socrelary for Lands, inquiring if tho land temporarily rosorvod in 1865 for a pound is still requirod. Tho Mayor explained this resorvo is at Wattle Flat, noar Mr Blunt's, and he thought tho land might be sold. Cr Redfoam said tho land was suitable fora pound and had water on it. Cr James could only seo loss in the pound they, had; but Cr Adams thought the reserve might become useful. Cr James objected to holding land that was not used. On tho motion of Cr Groonhill it was agreod to lot the matter ataild ovor1 for con- sideratibn for a fortnight. — From same; stating that 1 3-lOths porches of land in FiJrost-atroot has been reserved for pUblio pUtjiotbs., Re ceived. — From same, staling thiit allot 4 of see. 149 will be excised from the public park. Received. — From Undor- Treasiiror, staling that the application for the extension of L10 lioensod has. been referred to the Law Department. Received. — From T. O. Windsor, replying to letter to Mrs Tingay, requesting her td appoint on arbitrator to fix tho valuo of her property in Bull-Btreet, that sho will nccopt L150 for the property, and that sum is the smallest she will lake. Under these circumatancos it is not ad visable for hor to plnco herself in the hands of arbitrators. Cr James moved that tho matter be referred to a committee of the whole Council to deal with. Or Groonhill could see no need fbr this motion, as it would seem as if tho Couu- bil was afraid. Ho would not consent to give L160 to Mrs Tingay, and he moved an amend ment that the letter be simply received. Cr Adams seconded the amendment, for this ques tion hod before been ao fully discussed that further referring it to committee was to defer it to doomsday. Cr Greenhill said that about two years ago Mrs Tingay would be glad to receive L100, and now she wanted L150. We could do without her and build a wall to prevent the stories going into her place, and then she would be glad to receive L25. Cr Redfearn said a wall of stone or wood would make the place perfectly safe. Cr Dunstan supported the amendment on the ground that the claim was unreasonable. The Mayor thought it wise to consider the let ter. The motion was carried. — From Secretary of - tho Loddon Valley Railway League, re- questing co-operation for tlie extension of the proposed railway line from Castlemaine to Mal don, down the valley of the Loddon to New bridge. Ct James moved that our members be fequosted to co-operate in getting this extension. : The Mayor mentioned that the Hon. J. B. Pat terson pointed out to liirn at Melbourne the ad- : vantage this line will be to Oastlemaine. Carried. Tr-From Secretary of Sandhurst, Heathcote and Seymour Railway League, requesting co- opera tion in carrying out the object of the league to obtain a line of railway connecting the northern &nd; -north-eastern lines by way of Axedale, Knowsloy, Heathcote, Obsterfield, and Seymour. Tlib railway would shorten the route froni Castle maine tb Sydney by about 60 .miles, and would eburiteract the centralizing everything in Mel- bourne. Cr James moved that a reply be for- ; warded, : intimating that this Counoil is fully alive to the necessity of connecting the northern and north-eastern lines of railways, but consider it would be most unfair to the travelling public of the colonies to advocate the making of Sand hurst tho point of connection, as such action wduld involve an additional 25 miles of travel, irid. that the Council cannot therefore co- operate jV/siich co-operation would be prejudicial riot oniy to Castlemaino, but to the national system of railway communication. Carried.— From eo, .Victorian Infants Asylum, enclosing report apd-isolloiting support. To be considered when thq ".votes for charities are made. — From B. M. Oollyns, offering to pay half tho amount of ralos dtie 'on his properties, the arrears on which took Hiin by "surprise. Referred to Finance Com- mittbfi to report. — From Benjamin Crowder, askirig L70 for removing his house. Referred tb'Finance". Committee to report, — From T. R. Lewis,, palling. attention to the irregular manner in , 'which the gas lamps in Gingell-street are lighted. -The attention of the seoretary . of gas works . will .bo oalled to this complaint. reports. /,The. deputation to Melbourne reported haying sgen the Minister ot Justice in reference to a; netyPpHoe-Court in conjunction with a .Town Hall,, anduhe. .will lay the matter before the Solicitor-General. The Minister of Lands wilt carefully consider the question of placing'the Land office on-itB old footing. The land |at the back of tlie railway station will b'e reserved from sale. Tho'Miriister of Pablio Works will send ; an Officer to report on the extension of a retain ing wall at Campbell's Creek, for whioh' -LIOQO ; has been applied. The old teiegraph building oan be had for a school of mines and! design. The Seoretary of Mines explained that the ex tension of water mains to -Wattle Flat was not joarried out, as the requisite guarantee was not 'given. Adopted. - . Fihanoe.- — Paid, L146 4s -4d ; reoeived; L32; ;13s 8d Vol: credit, L876': 9a ldq rates coUe'ct'ed,' ;L23 7s. ' The following accounts -were passed for pay ment : — Guarding .prisoners, L12 12s ; labour, L60 14s 10d ;- partirig,- xLl4' 83-; . Oadtlemaina Paving Co.) L2'i6s 3d ; ' H. Hawk'o;- L18 4s ; |W. Fleming, LI 13s ; E.. D- Williams, L2 8s lOd ; Gas Co. , L39 is "lid ; lamplighting, L3 13s 4d ; .deputation. ;expenses,.L9 ; total/ L164 il2s 2'd. ' ' " 1 ' - - ' ' ' ' " - ' ' - j' The oqmmittee of the, w.holo ;eouncil, recom mend that heartj''cb-opofation" be given re ex tension of railway from Avoca to Ararat. That the shires and boroughs' affected by extension of railway. to north-eastern, liqe to .ther.rpain .Mur,-, ray line ba commuuicatod -ivitH, arid tboir co- bperation requested. Adopted. I Surveyor's Report.— 25'prisoners are employed at quarry ; 14 loads motal have beon spread on tlte roads and pitchers carted to Berkeley rind Hargreavea streets. 150 yards metal are broken at the quarry. The channel in Borkeiey-slreet has been laid with pitchers, and the side of the road made good. A flat crossing has boen formed to tho weighbridge. The channel in Hargreaves-street is baing laid with stone pitch ing. 498 loads tailings have been spread. Adop ted. The Ourator reported upon work done in the garden and streets. The street- trees were planted last week, but a good many were taken out of the guards again, especially at Duke-stroet where nine had , to be replaced. Cr Dunstan thought a reward shoiild be offered for the detec tion of any one taking away the trees. Or Red fearn waa of like opinion. Cr Greenhill inquired if the gardener was inatruoted to cut down the trees with the severity whioh he is doing. Ho thought some of the trees would bo killed by this cutting, which, ho believed, had not been done in the, same way anywhere else. The Mayor said the gardener acted under an order in Coun oil. Petitions. — A petition was read from James Fyfeiand William Ambery, complaining of hav ing to removo thoir houses on the land on whioh they had settlod upon with a view to purchasing. They hoped lhe(r case would be considered, and a fair valuation allowed them. Cr Adams could not understand how the occupants of these pro perties should offer them for sale to tho Counoil. They had not beon asked about their properties, whereas the persons on tho hill made no offer. Briying such properties would be a waste of money, as tho land was so narrow. All they had to do with wero the properties of Drislan and Crowder. Or James stated the Council having requested that the land be reserved, not sold; the petitioners were thereby stopped from making improvements. He moved that they be requested to send the valuation of thoir properties to tho committee. Or DunBtan moved an amendment that the Council inform tho peti tioners they, did not want th'o land at present, but if required at some future time arrangements could be entered into with them. Or Redfearn supported tho molioti, .ns ft was the desire of mkny residents ih the SijUare to have this land, and ho approved of negotiations being made for acquiring it. Cr Greenhill thought there waa nmplo time to think of the properties of Fyfe and Atnbory. If theso woro wanted the pro- priotors would bo reasonably dealt with. Cr Rowo did not eoo what bonofit the nmondiriont was, but in tho motion there was something... They would know what tho people wanted for thoir properties, ahd if these were wanted the Council know \viiat was tho price, arid, that Wsk information. The motion was carMed. A petition was toad from several ratepayers at Ten-foot hill, tequCsling that a lamp be placed" in that locality aborit Victoria bridge. Or Ad&ms; riioved that the request bo cohnpiied With; Ce; James moved an atnendmont that the petition be referred to tho Lighting committee. The Mayor mentioned that the Public AVorka oommiltoe had', thoir attention drawn tb the need bf a lamp at: tho placo indicated, and thby were of opinion ' thb iaihp was heeded. Or Jahios challenged the nccuracy of tliis statement, and nsked-the -TbW|i- Clerk to produce any record of this. The motion was carried. The Town Clerk mentioned that Mr Max Plncua applied for tho reserve for sports on be half of the Bicycle club, to be held in November; and his letter was deferred till this meeting. It was unanimously agteed to grant tho requeSh Cr Jatiie's moved lliat a public meeting be cailed at the Town Hall, in ordor that tlie pub lic may combino to got support for having the railway from CustlS'maine to the north-Oaalern line. They should leave no steps they boiild take to Bccuro thiB. Railway loaguas, woro formed elsowbcro, and Castlemaino should not be behind Hand, lest opportunity bo lost, and. statistics should bo collected. Cr Adams would . like to Ithow what expense Cr Jamos meant the council to incur on collecting statistics and tho like, and"' if the council wis to pay for all; Or James thought the council as the keepers of the pubiio purse should disburse the expenses, which then would fall equally on all ratepayers. Or R'dwe' remarked that movements we're on foot for get ting railways that would divert trade from Oastle maine and be prejudicial to the country. Why" should a railway be lengthened 25 miles, at- a large cost for extra construction, and Castle- moine deprived of its right. Cr Greenhill considered other bodies should contribute towards defraying expenses, which might come to L100. The Mayor thought they ought to tiiko action and not be So slow, for which' they' are proverbial. Unless they made a stir,, they 'would lose much, and but for vigour in former years they would not have a railway at all. to' Castlemaine. They should see to having their wights. -OaBtleraaino was the direotest rolite to Heathcote, Kyneton and Lancefiold jVetother places were trying to get the line to Heathcote', -> Seeing this CSstlomaine Bhould act promptly and vigorously in this matter. The motion was car ried unanimously. Or James wanted to know what was dbne, in respect to Mr De Nosek. The Mayor stated he informed Mr Do Nosok to pay in . the money ,ss .usual; and lie .expected it would have been paid before last Council meeting. He thought they should; give the case into their solicitor'a hande. The Town Clerk Said that the blocks showed Mr De Nosek had L8 12s 6d in hand, and, he had written him on the subject without obtaining ,a reply. Cr James moved that the Town Clerk again write to Mr Db Nosek, abd if he does not get a reply to put the case in the hande of the solioitor. , _ ; ; Cr DunBtan moved . that L2 reward be offered for information that will lead to the conviction' of any person removing young trees from within-? tho tree guards. Carried. Or AdamB moved that tho Public Works Com mittee visit Campbells Creek and see what will t be the cost of carting tailings for use on the ' streets. Unless such were removed the- retain- , ing wall would be in danger. Cr Redfearn ; iii seconding the moticiri said it waa requisite to' have something done fotf the Safety bf the wkll' and keeping the creek clear. The motion was ' carried. , ',1 r The Mayor moved that the Town Clerk/.- write to our representatives. requesting them to get a: reply from tho Minister, of Lands in:. respect', to;, the Lands Office. Carried. -.rtnu-.b ei . The Counoil then adjourned. ,- Little -People in. London :— The' cortespon- dorit of the S.M. Herald writes " Those most amusing little people, the Midgets, dissappeared from London a short time ago. They were. surely the greatest marvel the world has ever seen in thb dwarf line, and would have been.- invaluable to Dickens fbr his chapter oh that ourious -Bub-".' ject, , Wb have all Seen General Tom Thumb htuP hit 'piginy spouse ; but - here are a male'.ahd: female adult who bear about the same proportion to Mr and Mrs Thumb as those small ' person-.: ages bear to, ordinary humaniiy. They BUggekt the .idea mot . so much of dwarfs as of walking and talking intelligent dolls, though' tho "intelli gence In the young lady's ease seems somewhat limited. Bat what can one expect from a crea ture not 5ib. in weight, and . whoso foot is but two inches long ? Though only eighteen, iriohea,, high; she is formed like a perfect little woman, with a long neck and Slender waist ; but she >hds the manners of a child of four or five years,)! and a naughty child too ; screams-if she is con tradicted', and shakes her absurd little fisi, ibaro'e as big as a loquat. She wears a fan; and a watoh, of which Bhe is very proud ; likes company, and ia'fbrid'of Eau de Cologne and -other pleasant scents. She affects a fashionable style of dress,"'" with S train and high heels, and tiny - artifioial flowers in her hair. Slio sings a duet with the little man iii a vefy febblo pipe, but makbs" rijt for lack of power by dramatio display, waving her arms and tossing Iter head as thq'ugH ' she j wore on the opera stage. She is dark and flairi',// with a long nose and flashing' black eyes. The : mahnikin is some twenty-two inches high, and rather pleasant to look upon, with a fair skin, , bluo eyes, add a gentle expression of faoe. - ,... Tire Libekal Party in Europe. — The . Satur- day Review says The Liberal party is 'ih' th'e ascendant in almost every European country. If it is asked what in this triumph of tb'e' LiBfjfal.''- party is triumpliing, what aro tho pririciplbs on which tho party is agreed, aud what aro the aims), towards whioh it is striving, it is astonishibgihow many of the old aspirations of the Liberals,: as jye't used to know them, have sunk into desuetude. To begin with, there is now not tho slightest anti- mouarchial feeling. Gigantic armies and aih'ddest proportion of ironcladB are domanded with' as much favour by Liberals as by any one else. Under the influonce of this supreme desire for military 8trorigtb, the old Liberal faith in political ebdrioihy) has dwindled away until it hardly exists" ns"thu ghost of a tradition. It is truo that the Liberal party in Europo lias one strong feeling whioli unites it, and that is a borror of aggressive - Socia lism. But, in tho first placo, this is a new feeling,-, and in tho next place, it is shared by their oppo nents. In every oountry Liberals have to face the : porploxing question how they oan afford -an tin- restricted suffrage. In Belgium and Italy Liberals aro aware that, if every man were allowed to vote, thoy and thoir party might be ewept away alto gether." ..-) Hon. A, T. Clark, at his Williamstown meeting, regretted that the retrenchment polioy of the late Government had produced hardship and misery 'to many poisons, and intimated that ho would neVer ngain attempt to retrench or reduce a pubiio depart ment. During a tremendous storm of bail and lightning at Troy, (says an American paper) a call was received on the telephone at Quandt's brewery, near tho Bull's Head Tavern. Jacob Thorsduenof, the book-keeper, went to the instrument to answer tho call. . Ap he was replacing the receiver on the hook, tho lightning struck his hand, mangling it terribly and paralyz ing his arm. Ho was knooked senseless, but, will re cover. ' . - 1 Apparent Paradox : A bntphor oan sell thq fore- quarters of a lamb, and yot have two qnartpra.of it left. , i ; A Boston paper spmowliat sarcastically. romarks : Tho polioo of Now Ypr(t are being' vqchiilated. , But what's the U6e of it 7 They riever 'OMCh any« ' thing," 