Ito fA i\t Wiuk The B.e. John Elder left the Cape on January 3. The eteamer Aconcagua left Plymouth X- on January 8 with 207 passengers far Australia. The Bank of South Australia have sent a donation of £10 10s. to the Prince AlfredSailors Home at Fort Adelaide. The breach of promise case which was to have been tried at the Hillicent Oourt mil not be heard, the case having been settled. Both Mr. R. Barr Smith and Mr. J. H. Symon had booked to leave Borope for South Australia daring the present month. Mr. JoTin Hart, M.P. for Port Adelaide, has intimated that owing to ill-health he does not intend offering himself again for election in the ensuing contest We have received the first number of the North-Eastern Times and Teroaie Xcvt, a journal published at Terowie. It is well printed, and contains a fair assortment of news. 'We have been requested to state that the sittings of the Oourt of Insolvency will, until notice is given to tbe contrary, csmmenoa at 11 o'clock in the morning instead of 10 o'clock. His Worship the Mayor (Mr. E. T. Smith, M.P-) contemplates visiting the other colonies, and for this purpose he obtained on Monday three weeks' leave of absence from his municipal duties. Mr. Edward Dawhirst, inspector of schoob, has received one year's leave of absence. The work in his district is to be undertaken during the year by the other members of the inspecting staff. The directors of {he Bank of Adelaide have decided to pay an interim dividend on the capital Btock of the bank at the rate of 10 per cent, per »'''' The dividend will be payable on February 12 next. We understand that the Commissioner of Public Works will be the Acting-Chief Secre s tary during the absence of the Hon. W. Morgan *- at the Intercolonial Conference to be held in Sydney. 'We are officially informed that Mr. G. A. Fesenmeyer (Assistant Auditor-General) has applied for and received a year's leave of ab sence, to date from the first day of this year, and that at the end of his leave the office will be abolished. 'We have received the third of a series of lectures by the Rev. J. C. 'Woods, B.A., on the Unitarian belief, which are being published in pamphlet form. The latest discourse furnishes an answer to the question *' What do Unitarians think of Jesus Christ.' A meeting of the South Australian Mutual Life Assuranoe Society, in accordance with the Act of Incorporation, was held on Thursday, January 6, in the office of the society in the new Exchange buildings. The by-laws for the regulation ot the society's affairs were finally passed as printed. The Hon. G. C. Hawker (Commissioner of Public Works) has been appointed Acting Chief Secretary, and is also taking the necessary work of the Treasurer and the Commissioner of Grown Lands, the latter of whom left on Mon day for Melbourne, where he goes to see the Exhibition. The following is the copy of a telegram received by Mr. C. J. Ooatea from Mr. S. Daven port, South Australian Commissioner to the M- 1 honrne Exhibition: — ''Official wool awards published to-day. Copies sent you. South Aus tralia has five, namely, Pitts first in each of the three sections he exhibits in, Canowie two third piizt e. Champion prise, Sir Samuel Wilson.' The steamer Gulf of Finland, -which belongs to the Thames and Mersey Line of Aus i t alian packers, and ie on her way to tbe \- colonies as the pioneer boat of the line, will be followed, it is announced, by two steamers with Australian names, viz , Gulf of St. Vincent and Guif of Carpentaria. These vessels are of 2,400 and 2,500 tons register respectively, and ^re stated to be specially adapted for the Australian trade. At an adjourned meeting of the Stragglers' Cricket Club, which took plaoe on Wednesday at Hie Bed Lion Hotel, it was arranged to leave Adelaide on or abput Feb ruary 1, and in tbe absence of a definite reply from the Mount Gambier Cricket Club it was unanimously resolved to abandon the original idea of visiting the South- East. Replies were received from Geelong and Ballarat, expressing considerable pleasure at the prospect of a social Same with Adelaide players. Mr. E. H. Mattner, an old colonist, died suddenly at Nuriootpa on Sunday after noon, January 9. The deceased had been talk ing to his assistant in his house, and had gone out into the yard, when he suddenly fell dead olose to the kitchen door. Dr. Molz, who was sent for, pronounced that death had been caused by heart disease. The late Mr. Mattner had raided in the district of Nuriootpa for nearly forty years, and was widely respected. He leaves a widow and one eon to moarn their Ioeb. On Saturday afternoon some consterna tion was caused at the Semaphore by the scaffolding round the iron tank taking fire. The signalman and cozewain of the boat service made a rash for the spot, and, after some trouble Bucoeeded in suppressing the flames. It was found that the riveters had left a portable forge on the planking, and a shift of wind had blown some of the fire from it over the wood work. The only damage done was to some of the scaffolding and workmen's tools. A fhre occurred at tht, residence of Mr. J. Archibald, Burnside, en Wednesday, January 5\. It broke but about noon in the kitchen, where some clean linen which was drying before the fire is supposed to have been blown into the ^ fireplace. Mrs. Archibald, who was alone in the house, was in another room, bat on per ceiving the accident gave the alarm, when several neighbors immediately ran to her assist ance, and succeeded in subduing the fire. The wood of the roof and a quantity of the contents of the kitchen were consumed. The annual meeting of the Port Adelaid - Seimtn'e Mission was held in the Port Tow a Hall on Monday evening, January 10. The at tendance- was very good considering the inole m«Lcj of the weather. His Honor Chief Justice Way presided, and delivered a pithy address on the advantages of the institution. Mr. E. Honnslow (seamen's missionary) was highly enlogued by His Honor and the other speakers for the efficient manner in which he had carried ont his duties in connection with the mission, and tbe other officers were thanked for their services. The Gamier Standard states that it has ' had the pleasure of welooming home Mr. T. O. Jones, J.P., who reached Gawler from his trip to America and Europe on Thursday, January 6. Mr. Jones has thoroughly enjoyed himself, and in all the wanderings of himself and daughters bas never met with an accident, and they re turned much benefited. From the warm in terest taken by Mr. Jones in the welfare of the town during the past, we feel assured he will be ready to take his share of public responsibUiteB, and perhaps be willing to represent it in a higher place than he has before done.' At a recent quarterly meeting of the Pirie-et. circuit the Kev.Thomas Lloyd, the super Viatendent of the circuit, was requested to take a few weeks' furlough, and a sum was voted to him to cover the expense of a trip to another colony. With the kindly wish that Mrs. Lloyd would accompany him and enjoy a visit to tbe Victorian Exhibition, the ladies of the congre gation have united their contributions, and sent Mrs. Lloyd a purse of thirty-five sovereigns, isjth expietpioni gt kjndJy interest and beet wishes. {Thanks are specially due to Mrs. H. J. Hill, who took the duty of advising and collecting in the matter. Considerableimprovementsare now being made in the premises used by tbe boarding officers at the Semaphore. The bank of sand on which the buildings were erected is being re moved, and the buildings themselves, wnich have done duty as offices for many years, are being taken down. The water tower in a posi tion not far from tbe jetty is rapidly becoming a conapiouons object. Tbe masonry is com pleted to nearly eighty feet in height, and the immense iron tank which is to be fixed on tbe top is in course of construction, and will soon be completed. Tbe outer casing and roof will follow, and the finished tower will prove an ex cellent sea mark, as well as a handsome ;orna ment to the Semaphore. Beferring to the suicide of the Hon. H. B. Beor, Attorney-General of Queensland, the Auckland correspondent, of the Olayo Daily Times reports :— ' He booked at Sydney, and it is believed that he intended to make a tour of New Zealand. After leaving port the weather became rough, and deceased was observed to be seasick. On Christmas night be went below, and had been there only & short time when the report of a gun was heard. The passengers found him lying with his face bleeding. An exa mination showed that he had shot himself in the neck, and that the windpipe was torn by the shot. Death must have been instantaneous. The gun was a double-barrelled one. and was loaded with heavy slugi. As the weather was hot it was deemed advisable to dispose of the body, and it was consigned to the deep.' An inquest was held on Friday, January 7, before Mr. G. Warren, J.P., at the residence of Mr. TuttOB, near Gawler, to ascertain the came of a fire wbieh commenced on his farm on December 28, aud extended to the land of his neighbor, Mr. Biggs. Eight witnesses were ex amined, none of whom could explain the origin of the fire. Two of them testified to hBariog the report of a gun on the morning of the day in question in tbe direction where smoke was afterwards seen, and shortly before the fire was first observed. The concrasion the jury drew was that tbe fire was caused by smouldering wadding, but there was no evidence to that effect. Only , one person was seen with a gun and he came : towards the conflagration after the fire -was observed and from am opposite direction. The verdict was to the effect that there was no evi dence to show how the fire originated. The recommendation of the finacce com mittee to tbe City Council on Monday, as ts levying a penny park lands rate, ' was adopted after a rather lengthy discussion. It was urged that it was time that the council commenced to carry out the park lands improvement scheme proposed by Mr. Brown, and unless a special rate were levied it would be impossible to initi ate the scheme during the ensaing year, as no portion of the ordinary rates was available. Strong objection was made to the imposition of additional rates on the ratepayers, and it was contended that the improvement of the park lsnds could be proceeded with without any special funds being provided. The councillors wereequally divided on the subject, and the rate ivas adopted on the casting vote of the mayor. On Friday evening, January 7, the distri bution of priies in connection with the military picnic at Gawler on January 3, took plaoe at the N.G. Officers' clubroom at the Sir John Barleycorn Hotel. There was «, large attendance. ' -Colonel Downes, who presided, complimented the non commissioned officers on the success of their venture, which hehad considered was rather too pretentious. He was, however, glad to find that he was mistaken, and he hoped that similar un dertakings in tbe future would be equally for tunate. He trusted that the 'picnic would not detract from the success of the military sports to be held in August, but thai the men would persevere and make a still better display. Mrs. Downes then distributed the prizes to the win ners of the several events, tbe results of which have already been given in our columns. The usual rotes of thanks followed. When the tenders for the supply of lamp pQlars were opened at the City Oouuoil meeting on Monday, it was iouhd uiac she tender oi Messrs. G..5.3Falton&Oo.;,an English firm was the lowest, namely, for a pillar of a new design 2x89, snd that the nearest approach to this was the offer of Mr. H. B. Hawke, of Kapunda, £208 10s. There were twj other tenders by local firms, but these were far in advance. A proposition was tabled that the tender of the Kapunda founder should be accepted, and it was nrged that where the difference was so alight between tbe foreign and colonial tenders the preference should be given to the latter. It was also pointed ont that if allowance were made for the difference in the weights of the pillars tendered for, the weight of the special pattern being f of aewt. lighter than the. old pattern, the colonial tender was the most reasonable, and Mr. Hawke's offer was accepted. Tuhi, the murderer of Miss Dobie at Opunake, in New Zealand, was executed in the Wellington Gaol at 8 o'clock on the morning of December 29. He walked firmly en to' the scaffold, and was accompanied thither by. Archdeacon Stock. The drop was 8 feat, and death was instantaneous. He had previously alleged he committed the crime while drank, and addressed a letter to His Excellency, in which he stated :— ' I have heard that I am to be put to death on Wednesday, and I am will ing to die on that day, but I have a word to say to you. As I an to die, let spirits die also. Dont leave any of its kind in the world. Let it be destroyed from the face of this earth, lest it should remain to cause trouble to men. Man would then be answerable for bis own troubles. If it was destroyed it would be well. Man would then seek his own troubles. Then it would be well. There would be no causa for trouble. That is all from Tuhi.' The question of the Troubridge light being moved further eastward, has been under the consideration of tbe marine authorities on one or two occasions, and tbe president of the Marine Board has recommended to -the Treasurer that the work should be carried out. This was some two or three years ago, but although several vessels have rah on the outer reefs at Tronbridge, nothing has been done towards carrying the proposal out. Another matter with regard to Troubridge lighthouse i that should be considered, and that has beea \- suggested by tie president, is the establishment of telegraphic communication between the lighthouse and Edithburgh. The same proposal has also been made with reference to Althorpe lighthouse and Kangaroo Island. The Govern ment, it is understood, have abont five miles of cable on hand at the present time, and it might well be utilised in cennecting the above places. According to the Melbourne Daily Telegraph, a yonth named William Tucker employed by Mr. Field, of Bogstown, near Oaulfield, whote love for his employer's daughter, a maiden of sixteen years, was stronger than his love of life, found his grief at the displeasure of the maiden so unbearable, that he shot himself in a most determined manner. He was only eighteen years of age, and was employed by Mr. Field to drive a milk cart. Tbe youthful couple appear to have had a 'tiff' about a broken parasol, and Tucker, after giving the following note to a fellow em ploye, shot himself through the heart in a hut on the premises:— 'Agnes, -my dear — I loved yon as I loved my life, and more. I would make yon my wife, but,alas ! you hate the very sight of me. Ton may think this temper, bat it is EOt ; it is passionate love. When I broke that parasol it was not temper. Good-bye forever. Good-bye, also, my dear mother ' The city coroner held an inquest at the Wbodville Hotel, on Saturday afternoon, January 8, on the body of Arthur Lobb, aged a year and ten months, son of John Lobb, chaff cutter, of Cheltenham, who was killed on the morning of the same day, by a tank containing water falling upon him. Mr.. Alfred Berry was foreman of the jury. The evidence showed that a tank half filled with water, and weighing with itB contents about 12 owt., was secured in a dray standing in Mr. Lobb's yard. It was propped npin front, but had no support behind, and by some means it overbalanced and fell baok upon the child, and fearfully crashed him. Blood flowed from the mouth, nose, and ears, there was a fracture of the base of the skull, and a . fracture and dislocation of the arm near the. shoulder. The child was rendered insensible and died twenty minutes later. It was shown that just before the accident deceased's brother, considerably older, had jumped off the dray, and the evidence pointed to the supposi tion that that led to it overbalancing. The jury found that death was caused accidentally. The Maryborough Advertiser bears the following testimony to Mr. Milner Stephen's power : — ' An old man named William Suther land, sged 75, with left eye destroyed, and only able to distinguish light from darkness with the right, was in the hospital at Mount Gam bier, South Australia, when, hearing tbe account of Mr. Milner Stephen's cares read to him from tbe Age newspaper, he formed the bold project of walking 300 miles to see him. He did this expecting to find Mr. Stephen in Melbourne, but accidentally met him in Maryborough. Tbe poor fellow was so blind that he had to be led to a chair. After Mr. Stephen had breathed into his eye he joyfully exclaimed that he could see everything in the room distinctly, and on leaving the apartment two gentlemen asked him if he could see, when he replied that he could see that he had his handkerchief in one hand and bis Btick in tbe other. Another aged man, named Edward Howard, from McCalluras Creek, so blind in both eyes that he could only distinguish tbe figure of aman, found his sight suddenly restored, and accurately desoribed a small picture hanging over the door, in the presence of several witnesses.' The committee of the Maternity Relief Asseciation held a meeting on December 20, when the report of tbe secretary showed that since the institution of the society seventy-five deserving cases had been assisted with monetary help, and the loan of monthly bags supplied by varicusdorcaa societies. The assistance usually rendered is the payment of the doctor's fee and the nurse for two weeks, but in very needy cases necessary comforts have been supplied in addition; and in many cases very grateful thanks have been returned for the help thus rendered. The operations of the society being limited for want of funds, they were only able to relieve fourteen cases during the past year, but I the committee have now before them four applications, and they will he glad if those who are blessed with means will help them to continue their quiet, unobtrusive work by send ing their aid to Mrs. J. Oolton, Hackney, the treasurer, by whom subscriptions will be thank fully received and acknowledged. To avoid expense, no report is printed by the society, but it may be mentioned that the subscriptions, including balance from last year, amounted to £38 13s. lid., and the disbursements have been £34 4s., leaving a small balance of £1 8s. lid. in hand. Captain Tolmer, inspector of credit selections, returned to Kapunda on January 7 after an absence of one month, during which he has travelled upwards ot 400 miles, and visited almost every selection in the Hundreds of Baliiina. King, and Bundey. According to the Kapunda Herald, he looks burnt, tattered, and wayworn, whilst the extreme heat has knocked up his horses. The heat of the weather and the character of the country travelled rendered his duties more trying than his most active exploits in tbe days when his name was a household word throughout this and the sister colony. He gives a very doleful ac count of the condition of the crops in Baldina. Those on the slopes of hills are tolerable, bat there are many where the reaper will not be set to work at all. In one case a farmer had get 29 bags from 200 aores, and in another a farmer who had cleaned up had got just one buthel per acre. The entire hundred will not. in bis opinion average more than three bushels per acre. In the Hundred of King there are not many farms as yet, baton what is sown he estimates the average at from eight to nine buehels ; and in Bundey, which looks very well, about ten bushels. He had only gone over a portion of the Hundred of English, but 'what be inspected will, he thinks, average eight bushels. The Areas Express of January o devotes a sub-leader to the advocacy of baths for the larger northern towns, pointing its remarks by reference to the recent fatal cases of drowning in tbe Eocky Biver, at Glad stone. It says:— 'Farther North the more baths, ought to be the motto of our infant settlements, and townships which build insti tutes before baths seem to as to go the wrong way to work in providing for the public wants. AtjEapnnda, Messrs. ttowett & Hooper,- the mill proprietors, have utilised the mill tank for/the purpose of a public bath. To secure a constant change of water they employ their pumping machinery, by which the water already used is discharged and a fresh, supply introduced. Staging is so arranged as to vary the; depth from four feet to ten. For these advantages a nominal charge of sixpence is made to adults, while in the case of youngsters who can swim the charge is reduced to three pence. It is proposed to have a supply from the waterworks laid on so that those who do not like the plunge in the tank may obtain & fresh water Bnower. The powers that be have not placed the matter .within our reach, but the other arrangement would be an immense step in - advance, and a groat improvement on the distant, muddy, and treacherous Rocky, which is all that most residents can obtain. We hope some public-spirited persona will come forward and provide public baths for Gladstone.' The first meeting of the Adelaide No. 3 (City) Bine Company was held ;at, the Prince Alfred Hotel on Wednesday evening, January 5, Mr. P. J. Carter in the obair. The chairman reported that in compliance with the wish of the members, he had obtained from tbe inspecting officer a certificate of the enrolment of ,the company. It was arranged that drill should commence on Tuesday, January ll,at the drill sheds, North-terrace, and heBoeforth should be held every Tuesday. Pending f utare arrangements, Mr. P. J. Carter waB elected acting-commanding officer of the company, with power to appoint temporarily such acting officers and non-commissioned officers as may be necessary to carry on the drill of tbe company. With the object of preventing the appointment of officers and non-commissioned officers who may be found unfit and hard to-emove, and with a view to profiting by the experience of other companies of the association, and in the best interests of tbe new company, it was unani mously resolved that no permanent appoint ments be conferred before the 1st of April next, before which date it is intended to fix a standard cf examination to be passed by all members desirous of qualifying as officers and non-commissioned officers; elections to be limited to members who have passed the necessary examination; examiners outside the company to be requested to conduct such examinations. A temporary committee consisting of Messrs. A. A. Scott, A. W. Marshall, and P. J. Carter was elected to manage company affairs. At the police court on Friday afternoon, Professor J. H. Pepper, the science lecturer, was charged with failing to fulfil a contract entered into with Charles Manfred Bose, to employ him for {two months, at a salary of £3 10s. a week. It appeared that, owing to a misunderstanding resulting on the opening of a letter written by the1 plaintiff to a Mr. F-fe,and alleged mis conduct on the plaintiff's part in frying to periuade other members of the troupe to join him and Fyfe in a ' show' they were intending to organise, the professor summarily dismissed him, paying him his salary up to the date of dismissal. It was urged that injury had been donie to plaintiff's prospects, as it was difficult for tan actor or agent, who had been discharged before his time was np to find employment, and an order was made for the payment of £10, the amount claimed. A little sparring went on during tbe cross examination of the defendant, the; professor being of the opinion that the counsel tor the plaintiff insulted him by some of his remarks aB to the conduct of the ghost scene, and other things connected with his en tertainment. An information had been laid, tSEf charging Mr. Pepper with criminally opening . the letter mentioned above. It seemed that the professor had opened the letter by mistake, and after reading the beginning of it had been im pelled by curiosity to go through it, as it in timately concerned himself. He had, imme diately afterwards, however, telegraphed to Mr. Fyfe, informing him of the matter, and fyfe sent back answer that he might destroy it. Mr. Wadey, for the defence, submitted an objection to the information on technical grounds, and it was diemiesed. The poll to decide whether or not there are again to be aldermen in the Oity Ooonoil was taken in the Town Hall on Tuesday. Whether it was that the citizens did not think tbe matter in question greatly affected their in terests, or that business affairs prevented their going to the poll, the fact remains that com paratively few voted were recorded. The pro position submitted to those who exercised their franchise was — ' Are you in favor of a resolu tion that for tbe future there shall be aldermen in the council of this municipality, as wellas coun cillors, and that after the first election of alder men no person shall be eligible far election as mayor unless he shall have previously served the council for a year.' The papers distributed to tbe voterB were red and white, the former being the affirmative to the resolution, and the latter the negative. During the first hour those who favored the proposition of the council were largely in the majority, and at 12 o'clock, two hours after the poll had been opened, the result stood :— For the proposition, 315 ; against, 183. When this fact was made known in the after noon papers the opponents of the scheme oame in greater numbers to tho polling-place, but at 4 o'clock, when the poll closed, there was a ma jority of 184 in favor of having aldermen in the council. There were 180 voters for the proposi tion^ and these recorded 798 votes, while against the proposition there were 150 voters, who polled 609 votes. The mayor declared the result of the Spoil, which was received with cheering. Cheers were then given for the Queen and for the mayor. Ait an impromptu gathering of the officer* of the Port Adelaide Rifle Company, S. A.N.B. A., which took place at the Britannia Hotel, Port Adelaide, on Wednesday morning, January 12, Mr. Joseph Tite, of Messrs. W. J. Mason & Co., pres mted the company with a sterling silver cup of b indsome design to be shot for by the mem bers , Mr. Tite, in handing over the cup, said the -nly restrictions he placed on it were that it thotjld be won three times by the same rifleman bef o re he became its. final possessor, and that the 'firing Bhould be at distances unknown to those firing, bo as to make them good judges of distances. Captain Hall, in thanking the donor for his excellent gift, said Mr. Tite evidently knew what was necessary to make riflemen re liable shots if called into action. A man might be a very good shot at ranges that had been measured out for him, but a very poor one when he bad to judge his own distance. Shooting at a target on a measured range, and firing at it from an unknown distance were two different things. He expressed a hope that prizes given unctr similar conditions would become more general, as shooting at unknown distances was a good test of a rilleman's skill. It was decided that' the competition for the cap should take place every six months ; that five distances be Bred at, three shots at each distance, any mili taryipositions to be allowed. The cup, which is a bekutiful specimen of the silversmiths' art, was psrjqfactured by Messrs. Stevenson Bros., of Bsnndle- street, where it may now be seen. It is surrounded by an Egyptian border, and on the bowl are three circlets. On one is engraved a rifleman in the Hvtho position ; on another is represented a rifleman standing and in the act of firipg ; while the third bears the following in scription : — ' Port Adelaide challenge cup, pre sented by Mr. Joseph Tite, 18S1.' The following paragraph is taken from the Melbourne Argus of January 5 : — ' Extraor dinary leniency was displayed by the magis trates in the City Police Court yesterday in dealing with a young man who was proved to have drawn a loaded revolver on an unfortunate wonian of ill-repute, and who, when, in answer to her cries, a constable came to the resoue, threatened 'to do for him' if he interfered. Thejfacts oE the case so disclosed in the evidence are these .- — The prisoner, a young man named Frederick E. Bulles, recently arrived from South Australia, met with the proseontrix, a 'woman nanJcd Margaret Pierce, on the 26th of Decem ber/ He went with her to a house in Little Lonsdaie-streer., where a dispute arosb absnt money. Ballon drew a loaded revolver, and threatened to shoot the! weman, who ran out of the house call|ng murder. Constable Britt, accompanied by B young man named White, entered the house, when Bullen pointed the pistol at them, and1 threatened to shoot them if they interfered with him. The constable and White rushed Bulten, and in the scuffle that ensued BoIIen picked np the constable's staff, knocked White dovtn, and then dealt the woman a violent blow on fhe head, inflicting a severe wound. Bollen then made off, but was captured and lodged in theilock-np. The pistol was found to be loaded and capped, ready for use. The prosecutrix suffered se much that she was taken , to the hospital, and she bas not yet recovered from the! effects of the injury. Mr. Call, who pre sided, made some severe remarks on the conduct of the prisoner, and fined him £2 with £3 costs, of which £2 was to go to the prosecatrix, and £1 to tbe witness White, who was complimented by the; bench.' A man named James Thompson, at one tme a resident of Clare, bat who has bsen for a number of years in the employ of Mr. Maslin, of OBarunga Station, was found drowned in a well on Monday, January 3. Deceased was a married man ; bis wife resides at Luton, and the children are in service. It appears, says the Northern Argus) that the deceased was at the Loohiel public-house on Saturday evening, and left at 11 o'clock somewhat under the in floence of drink. A man named Edward Moritz weijt part of the way home with deceased, and passed the well in which he was afterwards found. When Mr. Bgfslia learned on Sunday morning that Thompson had not returned, search was made, but no one bad seen or heard any tidings of him. On Monday the well near the publio-house was dragged, and the body was found. An inquest was held on Tuesday. Mr. H. D. Blakeney, J.PJ, acted as coroner, and Mr. W. B. Fowler was foreman of the jury. Several persons were examined. Alvena Opperman, barmaid of the Lochiel Hotel, deposed that the de cetsed was in company with others in the. bar drinking, on Saturday evening last, and that he left at 11 o'clock. Mazy McKinnon in her evidence said the! deceased lodged at her house, and he fad hinted on one or more occasions that he was tired of his life, and that some day he would take a long sleep. Daniel Quann and Edward Moritz gave evidence as to their being in the public-house with deoeaeed on Saturday night, and that the latter saw him some distance on Hie way home. Mr. Geo. Maslin could only give evidence as to tbe searoh that was made for the deceased, and the finding of the body in a well. The jury returned the following verdict : — ' that the deceased, James Thompson,, came to his death by accidentally falling down a well at iAchiel, while under the influence of drink, and was drowned.' The following rider was added:— 'That the Government wells are very dangerous, and require immediate attention and protection.' : A. meeting of the Holdfast Bay Railway Cornpany was held at Mr. Hewer's arbitration reom, Gresham-street, on Thursday morning, January 6, to consider the proposed amalgama tion with the Adelaide, Glenelg, and Suburban Eailway Company. There were forty-three shareholders present, representing with proxies 12,085 shares. Mr. S. Cornish, J.P. (chairman of directors), occupied the chair, and in the course of some lengthy remarks showed the ad vantage which would accrue ts the company by toe proposed amalgamation. He moved that the company should unite with the other com pany, on the basis of the award made by Sir Heory Ayers, the Hon. J. Fisher, and Wm. Kay, Esq., on Deo. 17, as follows: — ' The refe rees, having carefully examined into the position of the two companies, the advantages and dis -.„.- _,._... r~ --- '-- ? r* ? M^ f advantages of then- respective lines, the amount of capital, the liabilities, and the value of the assets in each concern, consider the following would be fair and reasonable terms of amalga mation, viz.: — Tbe Adelaide, Glenelg, and Sub urban Eailway Company to take the earliest means of calling up tbe unpaid £1 per share on 4,400 shares; the Holdfast Bay Bailway Company to do the like in calling the £8 each on its new issue of 5,000 shares. The money thus obtained to be come the property of the amalgamated com pany. The capital of ths amalgamated com pany to be £94,000, apportioned tbos :— To the A.G. and SSL. Co., 8,000 shares fully paid up of £5 each, equal to £44,000; to the H.B.E.00., lO.COO shares fully paid up of £5 each, equal to £50,000=£94.000.' Mr. John Moule seconded. An amendment to the effect that tho companies should not amalgamate was moved by Mr. G. Langhton and seconded by Mr. A. Kauffmann, but the latter gentleman afterwards withdrew from tha support of tbe amendment, and the original motion was carried without dissent. A meeting of the Adelaide and Glenelg Railway Company was held on the same morning, at which resolutions were passed empowering the directors to arrange for an amalgamation with the other company on the terms submitted by the referees. 'Writing with reference to the election of Mr. B. D. Boss as Speaker of the House of Assembly the latest issue of the Wallaroo Timts has the following:— 'We congratulate Mr. Boss npon having the confidence of the House which has led to his attaining the Speakership, and we farther congratulate the electors of Torke's Peninsula on having a representative possessed of the qnalificationsnccessary to occupy the most honorable position that the House can confer upon a member. We feel certain that Mr. Boss has not sought the position, but on the contrary, that it is with the greatest reluctance he has yielded to the. unanimous wish of both sides of the House. We ' regret that any self-seekers should have endeavored to create an impression that Mr. Boss does not intend to again offer himself for the Peninsula. It is well known that since he was \ first elected for this district there are numerous constituencies that would have been glad to secure bis services, bat he has never for ene moment acted in a way that would lead us to suppose that he entertained an idea of foraak ing those who received him when his own dis trict was foolish enough to reject him. Cer tainly in the election of Mr. Boss to the Speaker's chair the House will lose an able: debater j. but, on the other hand, there 'is a decided advantage in having one to preside over its deliberations whose integrity is impeachable. Suoh has been the case in the past while the late Sir George Kings ton held the position, and it is a matter for con gratulation that the Assembly has been enabled to elect snch a worthy successor. It need not be fearf d that the interests of Mr. Boss's consti tuents'will suffer in any way by his promotion, for whilst it may prevent him from taking such an active part in the consideration of important questions, except when in committee, it will giveihim an influence that no other member can poscess. During the yean that Mr. Boss has re presented the Peninsula, we have had sufficient proof of his honesty of purpose to enable us to rest assured that whatever influence he does possess will be used for the good of the colony and !the district which he represents in par ticular.' The position of native affaire in New Zealand appears to be unchanged. A corres pondent of the JV. Z. Times, writing under date 17th December, states :—' The Parihaka meet ing was largely attended, although, perhaps, there were not quite so many as at the half yearly meeting. No allusion was made to the murderer Tuhi. At 9 o'clock the food was placed in tbe whare, and after an hour and a quarter having been spent on its division and partial consumption, the so-called prisoners, that is, those who have been continually at the fences, men and women, marched on to the whare in single file, and when they had taken their seats Te Whiti commenced speaking. He exhorted his people to continue doing exactly 88 they had been, to resist all provoca tion! even if it were a breach of the peace, that'all might see whose work was good and whose was bad. He characterised the work of the Government as eminently bad, but bade them to be long-suffering. If any person of the two laces inhabiting the island wished to judge which is right and which is wrong, let them come, he said, to Parihaka and see and hear for them selves. ' Let your behavior be as of old, and look quietly on the evil which is being done you. Xheiland courts being held are all bad, and so are , all things given to this generation of Maories.' The speech of Te Whiti lasted an hour, and so also did that of Tohu ; after which Te Whiti again spoke for a few minutes. Tohu said it was correct thatthere were only two things to be said. The first was that they must con tinue in their present behavior, and tbe other that if any Wished to judge of the conduct of the two1 nations let them come to Parihaka and see: 1 He said that whilst they were keeping quiet they were not lazy, -for a man had arisen who was working for them. Te Whiti'a final remkrks were made in a voice of anger. At first; he called them a lying and deceitful people, bnt said that Jehovah had taken them under bis protection, and bade them to ce&te; fearing for the result. In conclusion, he said that those who had escaped prison were re poBing quietly, and tbe land was lying in the sarnie place, as of old, and that when the first arose the latter would be returned to them. Both Te Whiti and Tohu strongly deprecated the [auctions of land, and the latter spoke of them as equal in badness to a war, but bade them cot to interfere.' We observe from the Newcastleupon Tjne papers of November 30 that Mr. Henry Taylor is still advocating the interests of this colony among the laboring classes of England. On Monday evening, November 29, Mr. Taylor delrrered a lecture en 'South Australia' in the Working Men's Clubrooms, Nelson-street, New castle. There was a very large attendance. The chairman, Mr. T. Burt, M.P., in opening the proceedings, said that he had known Mr. Taylor for pome time in connection with the movements of working men, and had formed the highest opiriion of his abilities and honesty. In his opinion he was intelligent and manly, and ready at all times to help the cause of liberty. He had had;aleo considerable experience of life in South Australia, and would therefore be able, he thought, to give valuable information to the workiDg classes as to the desirableness of that colcjny being chosen as a country in which they would be able to make headway. Mr. .Taylor, after congratulating the members of the Work ing j Men's Olub on its suocess, and express ing an opinion that snch institutions were of great benefit, proceeded to combat arguments sgainst emigration. The reason, he said, why working men could do better in South Aus tralia than in Great Britain arose from the fact; that whereas in the latter country labor was -cheap and land of high value, in Australia land was cheap and labor very valuable, and thus the laborer carried the most valuable com modity with him. The lecturer then gave an interesting account of this oolooy, the coat of living, the rate of wages for skilled labor, &c.; Tbe; i^neside Daily Echo states that at the close of the leotore ' a man in the body of the ball remarked that the lecturer had drawn a very! charming picture of South Australia, but he (the speaker) had spent thirteen years there, and [his experience was not such as the lec turer would have them to imagine. Moreover, he had a daughter put there still, and for the last eighteen months he bad been compelled to send1 money out in order to support her. (In terruption, and cries -of 'Sit thee down.') Another man in the hall said that, on the con trary, he had a friend oat in South Australia,, who emigrated about a year and a half ago,«nd had not 30s. in hta pocket when he landed. He was now working for £3 17s. 4d. a week in day wages, and could .make more when on piece work. Several questions-were then put to the lecturer, all of which he answered satisfactorily.' -? 'A. rather good hint for novelists of the Jules Verne type,' observes the London Globe, ' wai provided recently by an incident whioh occurred on the B»ine near Ghoisy-la-Boi. The river is here about to be crossed by the new strategical railway to be destined to run through the environs of Paris and connect the outlying forts, and workmen are being busily employed in sinking the foundations of the new bridge. Amongst the men enrolled for service are .a number of ill-conditioned vagabonds of Italian, nationality, and it was a band of these lart which was engaged in the escapade in question. Five of them were sent down in a diving bell under the command of an inspector of works, who, after a while, found it necessary to object strongly to the style in ? which his subordinates did their work. These - men, however, instead of attending to the ob servations made to them, took it into their heads to resent all each advice, and bethinking themselves that the time and place were' favor-' . . ~ able, suddenly formed a design of *n«iri.ig away with the obnoxious inspector. They at tacked him, accordingly, with' their knives, but met with a strenuous resistance, and apparently showed as much cowardice as could well be - expected from cny five men, even in a diving bell. The inspector, having discomfited than in their first onset, managed to make good his escape from the Ecene of conflict, and get ting hold of the chain attached to the b-ll, climbed up it to the surface of the water, where he shouted for assistance, and was soon grati fied [by the sight of a boat pulling off to his aid. On getting to shore he naturally sent for the police, who arrived in due course, and secured the five unsuccessful desperadoes as they came out from the bell when it was hauled up. They had probably been counting upon the cer tain death of their intended victim, and con gratulating themselves upon having got rid of him without the necessity of more violent pro ceedings; and they were therefore somewhat disagreeably surprised to see him alive and well with the policemen at his baok. As for the in spector, the masterly manner in which lie effected a difficult retreating movement and turned the tables upon his adversaries, seems to show that the contractors knew pretty well what they were about when they appointed . him to superintend works of a strategical :;: nature.' The following particulars of the death of Mr. Percy Edward Flint, who was accidentally shot on Boxing Day, near Jelloar Creek, New South Wales, whilst wallaby shooting, are sup- . plied by the Sydney Morning Herald :— ' De- ? ? ?? ceased was one of a party of tour who started Ct - 4 a.m. on Boxing Day to shoot auroBS the culti vation paddocks of Lake's farm. They went ? : into the scrub, firing in very extended order, till they came' to the creek in which the accident ' . . took place. The party formed in a line across * -' the gully. Messrs. Dawson, Flint, and Lee, - armed with shot guns, took one aide of the creek, and William Flavelle took the other side, where the country was more open, for he carried ; a revolving-rifle. . Following ont Mr. Flint's directions be kept slightly ahead, so as to keep the game from crossing the creek and escaping up' the less precipitous side of the gully. Flint shot a wallaby, and stopped to take the tail. Flavelle fired a bullet at a wallaby, and probably missed. Ii«e then fired at it, and immediately Flint cried out he was shot, and was found by the party sitting on a rocky ledge, with the tail of. the wallaby by his aide, and, on opening Ms shirt, his breast was found to be pierced with fifteen shot, as was subsequently discovered, although at first only seven shot were found. This was at twenty-fire - minutes to 8 in the morning. He bled inter nally, and knew he was dying from the very first. All was done that could be thought of to alle viate his sufferings. Mr. Lee held him up to prevent his suffocating, whilst Messrs. Dawfon and Flavelle fetched water in their hats. The former then went for help. - Deceased bade him an affectionate farewell, knowing he had not many minutes to live. ' After DawEon's departure he asked Lee and Flavelle to pray for him, and expired without 1' a groan. He had not a chance, as he was hit on both breasts, the shoulr.ers, side, and heart, and the immediate cause of death was syncope of the heart. He was a mas of great courage and splendid physique. He only lived seven minutes after the buckshot entered his breast. He had gained great distinction in various parts of the world in saving lifs, and told hia friends that that was the object for which he lived. While in Indian waters, a little girl dropped .a kitten overboard, and childlike, jompedafCer it Flint plunged in after her, although the vessel . was steaming about 18 knots an hour, and saved her, after an immersion of three-quarters of an hour. He saved three other lives. A magis terial enquiry was held, the decision being that the death was purely accidental, and was caused by the shots in the heart and lungs. . Deceased was 23 years of age. He was formerly employed in the Bank of Australasia, both in Victoria and m New South Wales.' ' A fatal accident occurred at the Auck- - ; ' IandBacecourse on the 27th December,' reports the New Zealand Herald. 'Daring the race for . ' .' the Auckland Cup a jockey named John Nolan ' was riding Libeller, and anothernarruid Oarring ton. King Quail. Thejraoe went on exceedingly well, and the interest was centred ion the . animals swiftly coming to tbe winning-post, when, at the back of the coarse, before ooming ~ / - round, the two horses ridden by. Nolan and Oar risgton fell. The bones regained their feet, andran over the field without their riders, but the jockeys were evidently seriously hurt. On. examination Nolan was f bond to be dead. His. injuries were fracture of the base of the skull, and other contusions. Besides tbe injuries sus-- tained by the fall, he must have been struck severely by the hoof of one of . - the' hones. Carrington was senseless, bnt after some time recovered oonsciousnsss. His statement of the occurrence is as follows:— 'The collision and the accident were. caused by the foul riding of Nolan. Nolan crossed, - and before I could pull out King Quail struck ' ' Libeller on the quarter, and both went off their legs. Nolan deliberately crossed my horse, and : ' . before I could pull clear the horses cannoned, and both went down.' Ariel and Foul Play ' were close behind, but the jockeys can say little about the accident, each having hia attention concentrated on bis own horse. Nolan was at ? very' early age brought with his parents to Mel- ' bourne,and,indeed,maybealniQstrecoguised»sa; native of that city, He leaves sisters and T^r tivei now in Melbotii&d;, and a young wife and two children to mourn the result of the Auck land Cup of 1880. Nolan, who was about 88 years of age, was a well-known jockey on the' Australian turf, aud rode several good horses to victory. He won the Champion Bace on Pride of the Hills. Nolan- served his apprenticeship to Mr. Filgate, of Mel bourne. He has been in .New Zealand for three years, under engagement to; Messrs. Yallance & Mason. His principal win* in this stable were on Pinfire, in Wanganui and Nspier. During the present season, especially at Christ church, as Mr. Walters's horses were training at Messrs. Mason & Vallance'o stables, Nolan rode 'for Mr. Walters, and won several events ?? * ?with Billingsgate at the Christchureh meeiiog, ? ' besides making a grand second on Pisoatorius in .. ' : the big event— the O.J.O. Handicap. Nolan's' :'- ' employers state that he was a steady and ' ''? reliable man. Just before the' accident, a gentleman on the grand stand ire- - marked to Mr. Walton that libeller ' - was running well; when he answered, ? If he does not win, it will not be for want of good management, for he has the best jockey in the colony for tbe weight.'' The secretary ef the ' Auckland Baring Olub started a subscription list for the widow of Nolan, and in a few heurs £100 was collected. - -...;. 