AUNT 'CINBA'S HAkCH. . THEBB was .plenty of game in the oeigb-;, bourhood of Aunt JCinda's Baicb; as' : we.bad' ..been told j. but our iinformant^ad ncglecte d - to state that ifc was aiso one o! tiie dreariest-: place« cn-eaith. JFar^xt the «ye ^ouldi reach - in every : direction lay only prarie, prame, ;- prairie—treeless^ and: flat, - witbshort,-trivial grassland^^ over tbe 'faeeiof it all, tbat, indescribable tawny .tlmvpeoaliar to tbe outiyiug KaiiEaE Jplams. 'The little level river in front of the ranch had no banks, and flowed sluggishly j the -ranch itfelf -was a four-roomed cabin of melancbdlly odoie, flanked by a stone corral, in whicli-.-were-awkward xacks and troughs for. Tbe interest and excitement of our chases after•:-antelopes; jack-rabbits; and .occasionally a wandering buffalo, served to killtime for us during tbe dsy, but when even-' ing came and we returned ,to the ranch,: tired cut and thinking of borne, the sense of exile became almost painful. The fact tbat tbe ranch,wa« a stage station, where a brief halt wa3 made for supper, alone redeemed it from .utter desolation,- for this; gave us our sole glimpses of the distant world, m'the faces and conversation of the passengers, with now and then a stray.newspaper; We.used to stand watering the esow andigoigeous sunsets with a pretty pretense of ,admiration, when, in reality, our thoughts were; bent upon: catching eight of the first curl oi dnst that should denote the approach-' ing stage. The passengers were not always either attractive or oommuuioEtive, v but alt the. asms we bailed them warmly and when they : left, the, bonz«on seemed s»i'tly to widen, and the stars to creep farther up^ara; in the higb, inhospitable sky.. - • It was at suoh empty times tbat we turned forlornly to our associates of the ruooii—to the landlady, Aaot -'Omda M'MiHan, ma tho swarthy Mexican - and : his aj?ife, who were m her service. The resource was an unprofitable one' at first; - but graaually we found:Aunt 'Gmda to be a character worth; knowing, and you may-be sure we left no artifice untried to wm from her all she had to. tBlI. She was robust, strong-featured, and about forty,five, years old; there were streaks of grey in her heavy black ball', a. few.wrinkles in her cheeks;' her eyes had an: alert -and 1 seeking -look, each as. you $bb m the eyes of persons wbo hve much al&e.; •Sometimes, when she grew animated j and a fleeting, smile came to her aid,- we coula l believe .-that in-.-her girlish-days phe had " laeted but little—say merely a change of mouth—to.make her pretty. But icivas her story, and not herself, tbatmamly held our attention . and - encouraged one inquiries mdeedj. she usually appeared,: when recounting the strange incidents of her history* to be talking of someone else, 7 so free from vanity was she, and so candid : She had been reared, we lcarned, in the Boone's Lick : country, in Missouri, and there- had Aaron M'Millan known and wooed her. dtf he-memory of' her courtship 1 was very vina to her, and she dwelt upon it with lingering fondness. -^.Aaron was-nt the purtiest man m tbe world, by long odds,'' she would say; "he was light-corn.? plected, and bad sandy beard, and freckles; but be .was jest as good as ever they make 'em. I disremember how ?twas that he. fust begun keepm' company - with me. Ther 5 was likelier gals than me . in the settlement:; Lucy Walker, for one, that sung alto and played onto tbe melodeon; and Samanthy. Pettis, tbat bad money in her own right, an' eesh little tspenc' fset, an' sbehked : to show 'em; too. -Bat Aaron an'me, we both {tuk a shine t' each other, an' he didn't 'pear 'e if he keered a button for any o',tbe balance of 'em; ''Cindy,' he need to say,«some gals is .purty and higbsteppin', an' some is handy about bakin' an' weaviu' an'sech.an'somels peartin I'arnin'j but it's the average as oounts, 'Cindy.' ' I'll never forgit that, not it I hve a thousan' years. . It's the average as counts ;' loan a'most: he&r; him gaym' that now. He used to come to see me every other Sunday, rain or shine; an?-when the' was a moon, he'd take me to meetm-, over to: the,Ohapel, four mile away. The Campbelhtes an' Methodis' used to have, nmon meetin's there, an' revivals, an' shoutin,':: ' Aaron's folks was Oampbelbtes, 1 an' he leant that way, and mine was Baptis'. But we didn't never argy* about rebgion. Bless you, so." Then she would detaiI to us, bit by bit, the current of their oloser- talks together, as they -rode homeward horn church, or sat upon the porch behind the morning-glories. It oonld haraly be called love-making;' Aunt 'Cinda herself termed it "sparkm'," and even that .sounded too: heotic for aniintereourse that had'm.it apparently EO bttle ; of pasflion—so small a chance of heart-break. But ^perhaps beneath; that. calm surface, beyond, .grasp of expression, had .throbbed ,a-wealth of, reyerent and,tender preference that was .worth everything else in life— these simple, undemonstrative natures so frequently ebame -the.,ibest .of love s ex- ? amples witb therr anguessed vand quiet ' power. Certainly; .this humble woman,-,mo louger.young, ,aiid living over again that fir-offdream, still kept her faith, andmade a royal comfort of it. And yet, so far as -ws could aEeertam, ' her .matter-oE-faei}, Aaron had;butionce,-m all. their courtship;; ventured to kiss her. "I'll never forgit,^ it, not to my dym' -day," she said "It was of a Sunday night, the last Sunday in September,-cut by the gate, as he wasgom'' away. We'd been a-talkin' o£ things as furrin as could be to epaifrin', an* all of a sudden, .like's if he'd been possessed, he put his face close up .to mine, and—I declare,to gracious, T couldn't 'a' been. \--worsesu'priBed ifie'jS , a i hitme.' f -LaiLdaakeB, Aaron!' I screamed. An' the next minute I snickered Tight out. I-couldn't help it for seeitf how flustered he was, and kind o' ondeoided. I row, I b'lieve he thonght he'd miffed mfe; but he hadn't. Lordy, lordy, it comes back to me jest like 'twaa only yisterday." ' Then she dropped her head, and her fingsrs ftwitohedat in a deprecating 4one. ' " You 'mis '11 thmi I'mnoft, I expect,- bnt I can't help it. I can't forget some things." ; The^ tears in her «yes said as much, and more, < They were married., in time,Ewe oame io know, and went to hoasjkeepm| ; but they were poor; they had to ftnt landj bad luck followed their planting, and finally, Aaron 1 determined to go west .with tbe Santa F6: freighters, manyjbf -whom, once as poor as himself, bad been known lo return iromlhat mysterious region with .money -enough to bujweUTjmproTediftrmiinttheBoorie ne'a IflSk ODnnt^. ^'Iditln'iwoMlamrinffiHt/ Ht/'wia ' Aunt 'Omda^ " be;was allers dreadful sot-in bis ways, an' couldn't be coaxed ag'in' the grain. That was his weak spot; everybody has one, you know. It was a'mosttoo much for me,to see him start off on secha journey, but I made myself think it would turn out for.the best; .andiknowed he'd come bnck;"' Two years passsd, however, and he did npt.returiijnor-didshe hear aught from-him, except that he bad -duly reaohed Santa 4 third year, almost, dragged away without sight or tidings of him, and then she resolved to move out into Kansas, along tbe route ne, had ctaken—'';so's. to be. Higher to' bim.'^she Sold us," an', meet him as he comehome.'' , And so shehadvbesn puBhing on fromplace to place, through hardship and danger, by the great trail across the plains, until now,she could see; onia clear day; the outlines of tbe mountains tbat she knew he must pass over :on his,Tray, eastward. She ing for. the freighters, aud earing for the sick who fell in her way, and at length bad contrived,. after years of " scrimpin' an' diekecin , ,"1asr^he;.deEeril3ed,itJtoeeoure this : isolated, ranch, where she dispensed hot meals at a dollar each, including soda biscuits and the accompaniment of a real table-cloth.. And hereN3he w«ited, watchful aud patient, for the truant husband. " He's sure to come," she would say, " and I can't miss him; ?twouldn't su'priee me to. have him drop in 1 any day." ' She scanned the faces >of the alighting -passengers from the : stage svery evening with - habitual eagerness; and jyet. a trifle timidly, as if doubtful about the kind, of • reception be: would give her; indeed, she said once> '' I dunno bat it'll rile J im to meet up with me so- suddeut away out here,-an' him a-thinkin' I'm in Missouri; may be I hadn't orter a', come;" , Every day some special dish was cooked as he had been wont to prefer it; the best bed, in a room by itself, -was • kept always vacant for hiin; regularly, each afternoon, she would unloose her abundant hair, and gather it into a long,' ihiok braid, after the obsolete, f&Bhion; of tier girlhoodi aad tie is with a serap of ribbon— because WAaron liked it better that way." - ' The fact that sho bad received but one' letter from mm m all tne long'vears did not seem -so nnaccountable after she informed' us that, owiog to, early: neglect, he was " onhandy with a pen," and .generally had his writing done by proxy, in strict trnth, be probably could not write a, word. "But he knows figgers, je3t aB nat'ral as kin be,'' she-hastened to plead for himj«' an' I never seed; the steer or bog 'at ha couldn't guess^ the heft of aigu onto a few pound ; f-n'i nobody could ever be«t 'am a-cipherin' out', corn m the crib." S'ae refaserf, also, ti confess .a momeni'a uneasiness ss ' to -hie' personal? saiety;, bosh his absencs'ahd his- Bilonco failed to msooncert her. 1 :" He kin take keerofhisself any wheres," she -Jec'arpd, mith .evident: pridei. ;'sn'-if he's done got hurt or mado way with, I'd ..have some wamin' of it, m a dieam or eompthin'. But I ain't bad's much as a sign in the ccffaegroun's to make, me . afeared. Of course, he'll come back. What, in the World would be stay away lor?" II was idie to dispute such trust, evsii* silently.; Not only that, it was impossible to avoid sharing it; and soon it became as much' our habit as it was hers, to look from day to day for.the oommg of. the absent husband. So minutelyvdid she talk of him that we believed we. should reoogniae him at sight - in fact, we felt so sure of this, and expecta- : tion came to be.so fidgety with us that often, .when the. weather was fair, we would stroll out for miles on out pomes to: meet the stage 1 and get. an earlier glanoe at the occuDauts, hoping .thus to spy Aaron, and gsllop biofc to Aunt'Giuda with 4be good,news of bis approacbi. Such was :our ;thought; our talk, as we oactered leisurely , along the trail one gmet 1 evening, . and, .rounding a curve,-"oame meeting - a -single, queer;, covered -waggon, arawn , by oxen, and creaking piteously. Itieide tue vehicle lay a man, with pallid faoe and long, straggling, whiskers,- who' raised' himself on hiB elbow to salute na, and then' sank down again with an expression of pain; near his side slept a baby; She wife "and mother sat m froDt, on a tilting seat, guiding' "the critters" witha well-worn Jlexioan goad. It was a novel sight,: and provoked at ones both cuuosity and sympathy. : We forgot about the stage, we forgot about Aaroa ; and when the baby awoke presenUv, and put its • tiny fiats to : its cheeks -aud (;azed at us in Bhy,.debafcing wonder—3s lttrying toidentify us with sometbmg seen in its just-vanished -dream—we almost c«a«ed to realise " the great; far-stretching and empty periphery' of.deaert, a child was such a godsBnd there". | "YCB," said the woman; as we wheeled about, acd rode beside the waggon, with our ponies reined in to sult l the slow gait of-the oxen,- '.'.Tes, I think she's "a-toler'ble :niee" baby, myself. We call her Cutie. but her name's Adeline, same's mine.. He named. her"—indlciting the pale and silent father; whose thm fingera clutched the child's frock proteclingly. "Has your husband been sick long?" More'n -.a month;' 3 ..the.man•'answered. „ "But I'm pickln' up:now. I ain't nigh so poraly as-1 was back in. th« valley." If I could only got shet o' these rh«umatiz, I'd be-all right. . It's the rheumatiz more'n any-. thing else," , " It'll, the monnt'n fever," remarked the woman, in a kindly whisper; and then; 1 speaking aloud and cheerily, " Yes, he' «'•••; dom': splendid - now," she continued, " an' don't need nothin'. but to keep quiet/'lese it '•nought ba wild cherry bitters, if we had 'em; W'y, two weeks ago; he was jest plain skin and bones. ,Hia own mother wouldn't 'a' knowed him." " l eeed my ehadder on the graga one day," the • man . called out, /with a'grim chuckle, " an', it fkeert tne." • He -did not speak againi except in an undertone to .the restless child, during the hour or 'more that we plodded aloag together ; but the woman was talkative, and -we gleaned from Her; by. easy degrees, that, they had been living m -New -Meneo, andwere now on their way baok to G?d's conn try;",east'of .the plains, .'J'.everlastin'ly . put out," as' ijhe expressed it,- " with the: greasers, an' their,lazy, trifiin', ffood- fornothin' ways." She had lost one husband., there, :??shot ,by !tbe: sneakin' 'Apaches," and married .another, and tbere Cutie had been born; and they milked .goates there, and tied pigs to stakes, and bad no eociety, and no:ram j vand. so/on 'andeo .-on, . ."It'e jest too ornery to talk about;-'sbeexciaimed,: and;thenirwent on-:talking.about it faster, thanever.;' and-only our arrival at.the ranch cut short: her . fluent -and .sneering, disclosures. At sight of us, Aunt 'Cinda catce hurrying forward. "For pity's Bfle!" she said, and waited to be told what it all meant. We repeated briefly what facts we had gatheredconceriung:the:-fa:avelleES,;not omittmg the tisby, .and-laying -..some stress -upon the man's illness. "A sick man?" answered Aunt'Cinda. : Fetch bun right in. An' the baby, too, an' the woman—all of 'em," she insisted, and Wned to lead the way, murmuring to herself, in a pleased manner, " Goodness gracious, a baby 1" . Tiie sick man lose withfa sudden-efiort,: and sat upright. The dusk- had thickened: and the stars were oomingout, una tfie path' to tbe^oor of-the cabin, along-whloh he oast a yearning look,-was beginning to lose^tself! in ths^iroxiinatesna^usty^age-brush. "I ^im Td.JjetJef jtey in^to serv6d; the'U he too many .of us '.' And' then, glancing skyward, " It's a-going to be a purty night," he added,, aa3 dropped, back upon hiB pallet. Aunt Minda ' hesitated,, listened, faced about, end slowly returned. : The mother had just climbed down -from her, unoprtatn seatj and was holding the baby in her arms while Bhe clumsily aSjustod her skirts. With a soliciting geBture, .but'.witnout speaking, AuDt .'Cinda tooK the child, and, stepping aside, turned its little ^surprised lace to the stars, and gazed upon it fixedly—wiEhmg it. were hers, we imagined.: " You ounmn' little darlin'," ehe said, mreetly,.and' banded it baok in the same peculiar, impulsive manner. Then she moved forward , a few -short -.paces; - and- stood,'':wito .bowed head, very plose to tbe'waggon. , The sick •man.must have.heard her,for immediately; almost, he was sitting up again,-leaning out over,thewaggon-side. Her face, as ehe lifted at, touched his;. there was a fluttering.' instant's pa'ase - .'-Ehe^iasped hishand:, 'I- , ?l ., " If you ain't Aj,ron McMillan, you're his ghost 1 ." "We'liaBtenBdito them. She badaa atni about bis neck, now, and bia bead was'upon her shoulder. In the starlight he looked to be Eleepmg. . •* Don't you know-me, Aaron ?" she said, fervently; " Oh, don't you know m* ?" The man opened his eyes with a, curious start, and regarded her a minute like one ,, " 'ljhey told me—you was,dead—Cindy." He spoke.slowly,.ina ,choked' and wavering.: tone; aud made - a m ot ion, as if to' lie • down' again "But I ain't dead, Aaron," urged Aunt 'Cinda, tightening, her hold upon him,, and; stroking his temples;". I ain't dead, don't you see? I'm rucht here: by you,. an' a. holdui'your ban'; ;I : come away out here tomeet you, Aaron, Ain't you glad to seeme ? It's been so long. Don't be inad at me," Aaron, • don't; I couldn't stau' lt to -stay there, when every step I took I,got lonesomer an'lonesomer, an' it 'peered to me's if you got furder • and furder .off. • Bat I knowed; ycu'd come baek.;. and sometimes, Aaron, sometimes—"'• .".Stop; 'Omdy, stop!" he mtBrposed, withstartling abruptness. " You don't know what a fix I m m." -.' •;.• But ehe did know—hr.d we not told her, could shj not see ?—that ho was very ill, and weak unit nervous; and be seemed to ga«ss her thonght, for in tne next breath he said,. "I don't mean the sickness;" and tnen, pointing a. finger: in the direction of the,' mother and child, h9 added : " That's my baby,.von«ev, ?Cwdy.". ; He waitea for her to repiv ; he looked up - into her face imploringly; but she said not a word. :Sarelv she had heard him; did she: not under&tind.;? He . waitBd a moment longer. Then he glanced again a", her face; agampointed to the mother and child, and suddenly, with wos-begone but blunt and; cruel force, exclaimed: 'Oindy, I-^I've—got another, wife !" ,She did not sc.-eam, poor woman, nor faiat, nor siir. The voice of the child broke the stillness; at length, with a quick, impatient call, like the ohirp of a hungry bird. Aad then Aunt 'Cinda carefully, released: her arm from about: his ntck, and turned her head away,;: andhid her face with her bauds, and sobbed! " Oa, Aaron, Aaron, Aaron!" » . -Thos'ght was not one for strange orjpoci-: dental eyes, and we retired, my companion' aud I, to a respectful distance. . Wnat more was said we . could not know, but they con--' versed there together for several minutes, the three of them—not agrily nor loudly, but - very earnestly—and two or . three times we detected the shfill voics of the ohila's mother above the others, as if m special entreaty. : Our hearts involuntarily went out to Aunt 'Omda, and yet there was the shrinking mother .with, her . baby,-and there was the sorely besst and helpless- Aaron'also. The stars glitteredsbarply;- but coldly.; the advancing, night made the laudsoape sinister and spectral..: We did .not notice the sick man ges out .-of the waggon, but presently he oame-moving towards us. Oil ei:h«r side of him waited one; of tbe women, supporting him,, and Aunt 'Cinda curried the child. It was a group that Millet would have liked to paint—it seemed a -blended pait of the grotesque and Unotoatiog shadows. .Their- talk had ceased. Their thoughts we could not • oatoh, of course. But ag they drew.uigh ut,.they halted; and; in an: anxious,., coaxing tone, Aaron said; " Remember, tbougb,.that one or t'other of you.mus6 go. on with me to-morrow." The wotnon gave their assent, we inferred; for he added, as if in : answer, V That's bracin'.'V Then they resumed their way; in silence again, and slowly; and looking after theta/ we saw them reach the cabin and enter at tho open door—just as the stage came rattling up, an hourlate, crowded with-passengtrs. The supper was - delayed that mcht, but Its quality made ample amends. We had never before seen Aunt 'Cinda's tableBO invitingly spread, particularly aB to canned fruits and unsuspected tumblers of jelly and preserves; and there wat buttered toast, too, and lumps -of old-time loaf-sugar for the: coffee. One guest said the feast.wag good: enough for. wedding—at which Auat 'Cinda . coloured, • and sighed forlornly, and they all laughed. Ah, they, did not guess howthat suggestive word wounded her! But Aaron wa« not to • be seen, nor, the woman with- the: baby ; they, had eaten by themselves, before, we were called, as wae proper, 3iid were'waiting for Acct'Cmda m "•the extry .room," us ehe bad named it, the room .GO long .-.sacredly kept ..for -Aaron's • coming.- ,Aud ,so the: merriment around the, table wenc on unchecked.: -The guests were blamelesB, toi be sure ; nevertheless, their jokes and laughter : were exasperating; their very-presence had the effect of an m- - trusion. We felt a supreme relief, I know, when it was over at last, andthestagehad and •-the • secret:-was safe 3 .*and : then we ventured to inquire after the sick man; and to tender our services; should be need or desire them. . " ••:."'; . ''. He's weaker?n he lets, on," Auut 'Cinda; mformed us;an'.he don't 'pear to.have no appetite.'" I felt so .sorry ' for hun, a- tryin' sohard to eat when be couldn't. It was . sech amce supper; he said'. I eould 'a' cried to seehim a-loobn-so wishin'atthem" pickled tomatuses—like I used to make 'em backyender;, 'He'5s Aaron;-you know,- and she ;turned from, .xisj-: rather abruptly, we thonght, and left the room .-We:htom?pipesJ:aHd::saiintered-out'Ki look afterjour ponies: : It had grown much darker. We oould not see shallow, crawling river.: Tlie waggon still stood by ,the:roadrBide,,the.loosed:!®overmg flapping like . some - great fafc«lul :, wmg; the oxen were grazing contentedly a few rods away.Fromthefar-oifiiiysteryofBpase and vagueness, came an echo of a Epiteful ,chaHenge. ' The daily of the stone corral- was subed to the tone of ancient and crumbbug BIIUB.,- for-. a momeiitj '-we' felt aB -lf we ought to find -moss and vmes there. Our ponies layirechned upon- the trooden feeding- groundjand'didiioiiso.muchas prick np an ear -when we talked to them and patted "them, with accustomed familiarity. In vain-we tried to chatof pleasant things, of other scenes. The solitude 1 would not'ba disturbed ; and^somehow the: smoke from 1 ' our ^pipes, WBtead ot floating; upward, "was •waftecj baok into our faces,. anfl -confawcl op eigW, j When we returned to the: cabin,-finally, • ive were i=nrpnsed, though not displeased, to learn that Aaron was to share our sleeping-room. .They had kindled a-.blaze .- . for him in the big,fire-place, and made him v a generous eoaaa of blankets, clean and . : white, with astonishing sheets and pillowslips, that were full -of deep creases, ahd . . must have been a long time folded. That •; bed looked more like home than anything we had seen for months,, albeit: there was. no, bedstead; . : He evidently felt out: o£ ;; place and embarrassed m it; he would have., ; rested better, we fancied; bad they given : him' less of softness, and daintiness, and.- brought .him his frontiersman's, saddle, with tbe sheepskin top, for a pillow; a. droll .hint of the' kind. " came over . hi& face,: and gave it a downcast expres- . sion. . We - aimed to -avoid' conversation with him, knowing,, how fatigued,, unstrung, and in need of Eleep he was; but -he : talked in smte of ns, and regardleES whether,,, we. responded or. • not.-> Indeed, he seemed ; morbidly resolute to tell ns of himself and his afiairs—not as one reaching out for pity, but rather as one ottering an explanation. We could not but listen. • " I was afool," he, said, frankly, /' but -I meant right, an' wbat a man meaue ort o'be got down for him., It wasn't my fault ?at I didn't git : along - down tlier' among . the:, greasers. - Luch was ag'in? me from the,very : j amp.--.-: Sometimes I axed myself if may be , it wasn't a jedgment.ontome.;, an'msy be itwas—may be it was. -1 was crazy to git rich, you understand.". ' And he paused to indulge > \- a mooking smile. •-,,•- ; "" But I meant all the time to go baek," ho continued, " only I wanted to. git,ahead flrsfc; It would'a'groun'me in an mob o' my life to 'a' had 'em a-naggiu' me all over Boone's, Lick floout comm' home dead broke after all my fine talk about gittin' rieh; Sol jisthel', on, atf kep' a-saym' to myself, :' Ole man, play your' ban' out, tramps or no trumps.' Did I think mush about!'Omdy?. Well, I rather calkilate my head was full -of.-her.. Tbat was thepizenest part oi it." He hesitated a moment, reflectively, and then,; " She don't know how muoh I, hankered for: her,'' he said, under his.breath. "I'll never git done despisin' myself, though," he resumed, " for not sendin' letters to her; But I wasn't a-doin' a bit 0' good, an' I thought AVbat waB, the nse o' worryin' her? I'd orter8'seatjho letters anyhow;• if would 'a' been money in my poeket. I was" a-reckonirg I mought start back- any day a'moA. : Au' I did go back jest as scon's ever I got heeled. "It was.a wood contract,' oat to the fort; 'at sot me up; it fetched mo a round thousan' dollars. I. didu't stop .to send no letter nor: nothin' to'Cindy then. I jest nal'rally got up and goti A: company, o' cavaliy was gom' acroEt- to Fort, Smith— on v'other trail, vyou- ucderstand^r-an' • I- went with 'em, an' saved a weekby it.. An' • when I struck Boone's Link, wiiar waB •: 'Cindy? Sot out ior Kansas..five,year'ago that harvest, they told me,.'lowin' to oome baok afore cold -weather—an' she'd never been heern tell of senoe." : He went on to relate; with movicg artless- : nese, bow he searched for her ail over the settled. portions of, -KsnBas and throngh the border ;oounties of Missouri, making inquiry , at every, house he- passed, of every person •. be met, without .once i6aohing the,; faintest clue to her whereabouts; - I was clean beat;", he deolared. I couldn't make it out. It wis like's if I was lost-on the prairie, of a dark night, m. tue snow. Shemust be doad, they.said." .Thislsst sentence was uttered m a solemn, tremulous, tone, as. . if, after all, he still half-believed she was iaher grave. It did not take him long to tell the rest]; how he returned to New Mexico—" out of cooceit with ev rythiug,'.'. as he .pbrased it— and married a second wife, aad lost most ;of • his monoy in sheep; and had .the baby bora ;, to him, and tried farming a bit, and herded V' cattle. " along 'ith .the greasers," and fell into a lingormg illness; and at lest resolved : • to gather his few remaiamg effects togetheri and go back to M'ssoutt agsm. "One or t'other of 'em wilt go on. with me m ,the mornin'he said, in an absent and weary r way, and then was Bileut., . •-, ' We remained sitting by his .bedside fully an.hour; we feared he might awake,and -> feel hurt at not finding some one to talk to. Buthe slept on so quietly and restfully that,, it Beetned useless to wait any louger, and we retired. Our bunk was but aorosB the. room - from his, and we- could, easily hear ifihe , called, we said to ourselves; and we would > be up very early. It was then ten o'oiock. The fire bad dwindled to a handful of waning , -coals. "We tucked our blankets closely about , . us, and dreamed of home. . , - ? . All at once—it might have been but a minute afterward, for all. we knew; in reahty , - it was almost daylight—we were aroused bv . , shuffling feet and an intense whispering. 'We :, leaped out of bed, with revolvers drawn and. : cocked. A single glance revealed the situa- . : tion. There were the two women bending , over Aaron- with a bottle and spoons, and a - „ cup of water, and j. camphorised handker-: chief ; arid he was moaning and tossing with agony. He had grown desperately . worse during the night, ana his complam-,.: - ing had not disturbed ns. But Aunt 'Cinda had heard him, in tbe next room.; perhaps she was awake and listening. .- She.. looked up, white and appealing, before wo could, speak ; we understood .only. .too -well: . . what she. thought., Adeline chafed the .; poor fellow's chill hand vigorously, .and ,, , did not heed us. After, a time, with, such-scant .relief .a # -. we could give him, he became quiet (e ^ cept for his heavy and laboured breathin g, : and we watched him keenly; hoping, he would sleep again. But shortly he was convulsed with-recurring pam, and called , for water. Aunt 'Ciada put the cup to his mouth. His eyes met hers: and he said.t ; . , her, m a strange; relinquishmg voice =: .•,. , " They told me you was dead,, Cindy. ;. , . , Then his cramped limbs relaxed; and be... lay, still, and we thoughtJae. breathed with - less "difficulty. When be moved again, presently; it w»s to put .out.bis hand in doubtful gropmg. : " Poor,-. Adeline 1", hei - said. We drew nearer, on our knees, like-•-,:,' personR at • prayer.'.- His:,-:quivering; lips , y : shaped a few woras more: . • - •.•:,. , ».-..!«? Be good," weheard him weakly mutter, , ? " be good—to the bsiby.'' ,., -The room, became; momently lighter. the last of tbe shadows that had lurked allnight m;the, corners vanishedone.-by -one r a crimson: flush slowly overspread the - window. The sun was rising. He had gone on—alone—in tbe morning. my, SWellington, whatever ate you doing with two bats?" Swelhngton "Idea of my u own, dear boy. In this country a fellow is always .lifting his hat 'What are the consequences ?—disreputable tiles, colds in the head. .What's the remedy?—a lowing. hat!" . , - A BBIGHT little boy who had been engaged .in i combat Jwith another boy was. . reproved ^by hia- aimt, -who -told .-hi m . ha/'", - 1 Oughts always io wait until,the:.other boy--:,:, ""pitched into him." "Well," exclaimed the little hero, "bnt jf I, yrait for the other boy io begin, JTm afranj»there WM'^ ? 