SPARKS. i " ; l AM glad to see tint urv wei! heh\v--d I little papel-, the Toirnanl Cu nat j Adc-'i'i .?. i\ \ launching out :i litile. 1" he now ILS lunnv coiumn-me Watch Tower," written hv | '* Watchman," as it should he. Bat in a j green hind hill, called a "supplement," in ! its last issue, these rema; ka a ie words occur : : " (IL'MBEIIHSDERS vally round the only tearless and outspoken local p iper." Me- J thinks a little explanation is here necessarv. Which heat the English cricketers at par- ramatta the other day .' Was it t ie ground, the sun, or the men ? A jingling acquaintance ot minc who runs a colonial wine shop (not in Windsor^ j,ot in:o a reverie 'tother night going ap t ;e street. 1 don't know how many wli -kie:,, or .,h indies, he had taken inside. However, having ihe street to himself he meandered into p ictLs. and fancying himself in _".e city oí Bruges (according to Longfellow ¡ie gath ved rc ea nd him an audience of a ' ouieless d.-g, th.vc dissolute cats, and Steve '.e halber, and : hen he delivered himseif thtisi. : - In the ancient town of W in ¡sur, In the (plaint old town L eotd-cl, As thc evening shades Oesccii tel 1 suv colours sweetly blonde;!, ¡{rightat times ¡md soft at limes, Aud chaugiujj like a poet's rhyin -s, Flashed iu raiubuw-coiouiv i lia s From the window iu the main street Ut" the ancient town of Windsor. j " There was a man vi tilden time. I And a troubadt,ar was lc: ; j Whose pass'tig chu at and lilting rhyme, Had tuiirfatv charms tor nie. 1 " I My eyes çrew bi¿j with sparkling stare, j Aud my hean begin to swell, When I heard his loud .song iilliogthe air Ab JUC "CHRISTMAS <'AUI>S to si II !" Som? were white as the falliug snow Aud some in shining gold ; And I choose íroni tae pretty ones all of a row I To please thc youu^ aud the old. '. Til »se cards of primroses !" Oh, choice the assorcm .-ut withia Where are the most elegant posies Tuat Art ¡md Science eau bring. " It brings visi°us of meadow and mountain, Of valley, and streamlet, aud hill, When life's ocean bat played ia a fountain, Ah, would that it sparkled so still !" Laveader, sweet lavetider"' And " Lilies ail a blowing !" While tile roee leaves scarcely stir, '. Sweet violets ail a-growiug !" Puller's window is, methinks, The very best of any. Louse coin in my pocket chink?, I'll spend to my last peuny i Ah, well a-day, and coate what may ! Neither troubadours nor bards Shall fitop the sale, or rich display Ot FuLLEit's CHRISTMAS CA&US.; The poet has nothing to answer for in particular; only, when he receives the laurel crown from Altred Tennyson, the ghost ut : Eliza Cook tn ai/ haunt him, a» the ghost oí lîanquo haunted Macbeth. Cantankerous William of («undagai is so hypercritically nice, you k. ow ; so transcend- ental.y just, so incotnprche.isiaiy logical, that it would puzz.e a Philadelphia lawyer to know tvhiit his definition ii of''outrage" and " insult." Thal fnirpendcnf hlo.v ¡1, has been buzzing aroond again out Ri re.m eui way : w th winn result can easily be imagined, when one knows the nal ure ol the cuss. it's a wonder sonic enterprising people out in tue same direction, don't set up a poulter- er's shop. Fii>t the pigeons stay out late, and lina.ly never letnr.i; til u follow hens, and roost, is: and uow a min may see his fat geese ¡¡¡crauV Wnkcd oil' before his eves. Sinta.aop .t .i.,ce. and giv . the i iscrs a ? chance ot ouying Vin hack . go:», fuere s a ¡ ? i niki ? :>mv ; tr\ it, in.«- au ' ! ' " i J. .nu (die iionor ib.'e Join; ) Stewart's Mig I ges:ion>, a a nt tile hhizpa'i ¡ck insult, are j ; ¡".o. r >; : ? ; rJ¡,.,-.>!, 1 admit ; still, when i ? me . -.of the o¡l'--ice h ? co .1 - id ?. i ed, j ï ' 1 ' '? ' ?' 011 ;? . ??>; lu r . 1.1 -r e. k -i I I Y 1 ].( AX. 