NTOLA. A V ATtftftTftTVAT. UHooIa lament, we have met hero to mourn Our chief while we talk of bis glory; It is true we shall norer behold him return, But his name shall be mighty ia story. Wo shall sing of his fame, for onr children should know How he fought ankle deep in the blood of our foe. And the water grew red in tho lake of Kaloe. Oh! thy people adored thee, Nyola. When the darkness came down on the cold earth we wept While be lay in his own royal gunyah. And he died that same night while a summer wind crept Through tho boughs of the tall buuyabunyn. On our way to tho hills from the clay was released The ghost of our chief who had blazed at our feast*; But the heart that was noble for ever had ccascd. Oh! thy people adored thee, Nyolu. Now, whetc shall wo look for his rival in worth ? Or who hath proved worthy, UHoola, When agoiu in the night thy brave warriers go forth Agalntt the dark race of-iluoloolah r Ah, ine, who hath proved himself worthy to lead To glory or death in that wild hour of need Thy thousand fierce sons in bis stead ?—or to blood? OU! thy people adored thee, Xyola. Lo! the Btormy moon joins iu our weeping to-night, And the embers grow block in the ashes, And the rainy clouds lower on the brow of the height, And the sheet lightning wildly flashes; But our hero lies Ion* in the forest, alas! Where the wallaroos hide in the tutta of the grass And the light-footed bandicoots timidly pass. Oh! thy people adored thee, Xyola. Two moons come, the foes of Ultooln will weep Who now talk of our conqueror lightly; For we vow on the plain their dead bodies to heap i With the dingoes to feast on them nightly. Wo havo sworij, by the light which for eTer hath flown, The best blood in their veins for our grief thai! atone, , Oroar hearts shall be cold as the wave-beaten stone. ! Oh! thy people adored tbee Xyola. COBNKLIUS JIOTXJHAS. ' The feast of the "bunya bunyn. Tub Saxdoate Kail-way. — Mr. Gcorgo Bashford, the contractor for tho 8andgato Railway, advertises that, for tho convenienco of persons desirous of doing business with him in connection with tho railway, ho bus oponcd an office in tho Kxbibitiou Grounds. Fatal Accidkkt.—'The Queensland Times of Saturday rays:—" A German named Schimphe, residing at tho Back X'lain, Rosewood, about thrao mileH from llinden, whilst handling a young horse on Wednesday lest, was kicked violently in tho mouth and then in tho stomach, the inju iea sustained being such that tho man died in about two hourB aftci rocciv. ing them. We believe tho deceased wns a married man. Mr. J. L Frederick, J.P, accompanied by Senior- conetablo Minogno, of Rosewood, went out on tho following dnv for tho purpose of holding an inquiry into the circumstances attending the unfortunate man's death." 