HAMILTON ASSIZE COURT. j Friday, iitJi 'October 1 (Before His ionnr -Sie -W..$7Sfcft»eIIr C?hief Justice.) M1 Donald v. Hughes (administratrix) Messrs Molesworth and Johnstone, instructed by Messrs. Macgregor, Bamsay, and Bra2te for the Br. Madden and Mr. Dnfiy, instructed by Messrs. Dnffyj and Willrinwnn far<irf#.int, Jtuy : Messrs. D. Brown (fOTeman), T. WaJker, BL Horwitz, C. M'lntosh, E. Cross ey, J. Thomson. This was a case in which fionald M'Donald sued Mary Cecilia Hughes, administratrix in the estate of the late Eleanor Haxy Jane Cameron, for the sum of £5000. Jessie M'Donald) wife of plaintiff, examined, gave evidence to the effect that she had been acquainted with the late Mrs. Cameron for nearly twelve years. The late Mr. Cameron died on the 5th May 1879, and Mrs. Cameron invited her to go and visit her. This die did, and she had bat shortly arrived when Mrs. Cameron, deploring her loss, and saying that she had quarrelled with all her relations, re quested her to telegraph to Mr. M'Donald to come at once. To M'Donald she also told her griefs ao d asked him to take her business in hand as she was like a child and knew nothing about business. She said she had no confidence in Mr. Shevill the executor under her husband's will, and she asked M'Donald to go and see Mr. Shevill. He did so, and when he returned ne wia ner tnar j nr. boenil said tne estate was valued at £100,000, and the executors would get 5 per cent Mrs. Cameron said that witness' husband should get half the commission, and further that Aa would give him more, as she would not place him on the same footing as Shevill. M'Donald replied be would willingly do all he could for her but he had business of his own to attend to. She thanked him warmly and said she would amply and handsomely re munerate him for any trouble he might be put to on her behalf. Mrs. Cameron then said she would wish to employ a solicitor. M'Donald mentioned several names of gentlemen In the district, hot she objected. Hs then asked her who her solicitor was; she replied Mr, Wilmot. bnt added she would have nothing to do' with him, as he was so intimate with Shevill. Subse quently Mr. Bnckland, of Ceelong, was reoom- m ended. Mr. M'Donald had to leave for home, hnt was l«!n frilfomnfiarl fro- l>r Uh and returned, when toe seemed quite delighted, and asked bim to go at once to Geelong and see Mr. BncMand, and see if be was a nice, agree able man. He did ao, and on his return he went backwards and forwards, seeing Mr. Sheriff, etc. M'Donald stayed about a week at Oakbank on that occasion, but witness stayed tix or seven months, during which period her husband re turned very many times at His. Cameron's request. He made journeys all over the distriat at Mrs. Cameron's request, as also to Geelong and Melbourne, remaining on one oocasion at the last-mentioned place a fortnight, select ing a monument. Mrs. Cameron was with teem daring tijis visit to the metropolis. -Wit ness's husband was a squatter and landed pro prietor. Mrs. Cameron gs.e her husband a written authority to ant for her $ tins was burnt by accident, bnt not In he? presence. A second authority was teen written out, and toe remembered toe contents of both. Thi. was intact -when they left Oakbank Honsm audit might be there yet It was left in Mrs. Cameron's bedroom in a drawer. Dr. Madden objected to toe contents bring riven, and naked witness who put the paper in tee drawer ? Witness : Mrs. Cameron ; she put this naper with others and placed them in tee drawer, ft was mixed with other papers in the breakfast- room, and subsequently taken by Mrs. Cameron toUt-btaTown.— -Wftiiesr-jusampeafed-herr as. in Ml.1 M'Dpnald's, absence, toehadrtowead all Mr. Cameron's correspondence, as lbs. Cameron was toort-tightetL/ lb. Cameron always wished witness to be with her, she gonld Boareely rpmope frqnp one room to another without witness, as -toe was so naryou. This was about nine rnqnths before Mb. Gunero& diej. burinxid pot the written authority whenever ha required it to transact business, and be did bo get it. By Mr. Johnstone : Was in the habit of writ- 'log lbs. Cameron's letters, end her huriwnd sfcippedAer wool, advised about' the manage- ment of the Hilgay station, and save directions about everything, in fasti tost was ' SMuired to be done, oven to toe Jessing of some of Mrs- , Cameron's lands. The last .time toe saw the -written authority she saw Mr. M'Donald p»t it in bis pocket-book, mien witness was having 'OskbsSklra Cameron wanted to&mbS; eometbingwite whlcfetotmy a token of remem- feanee. Witness refused to accept it, but Mrs. Cameron became hysterical, whereupon witness 'MimfaJ AA eAiMiian wii 41. LTL7 1. did not teen foofattW), -enclorodmto i letter to her husband, and told bim t?do what he liked with them, the cheques were for £40 and £10. . .. . ' By Dr. Madden: Was awaxe et toe -.time of Ms death end "before, Mr.'Csmeron andbistrife . were onbadteaussrito her relatives, and Mrs. Cameron hadto tokeier oate to jfc damenm 1btotoeJWOritoJette«fbteiSrtmsbs«B \- DriAfo&oit; And aoyour finriitnd bring Mr. sTOroBsin, ycMBanagedtotofiioi 4\. CrtW&auAation; continued : Witness' daugh ters to once at Otobank, their father paying ihtir bre up,sto than- -Mrs. Cameron never maid witness tini sine penny for railway fore. JSrseindacbique fo>m Mrs. Cameron for £15 tKnteaytte, Mrar Cameron forced it on her tedesS|aiigli|ir who,;gava- jt toiler father, and the p it tote Mra Cameroab aoconnt. He did not pay it into his own account. "Witness oorrected herself. Her husband cashed the cheque and paid bis daughter's fare with it. The cheques for £40, £10, and £15 were toe only pnes tee knew abont - Mrs. Cameron forced another cheque, on '2nd July, for £15 npon her when she was going away. This she gave to ..her husband,., who put it to Mrs. Cameron's credif!n hi, pocket-book. (This seemed to he toe £15 cheque previously alluded to.) Never received but the one £15. On 28to July, Mrs. Cameron gave her daughters, Eva and Jessie, a toaqpeforfis which they gave to their father. This was expended on Mrs. Cameron's business. Considered that it was Mrs. Cameron's business to pay the railway fares of her daughters as she would insist upon them going tiiere. Was quite aware her husband did not cash the cheque at the hank. On October 15. same year, a £15 cheque was given to pay the fares of a Bliss Hayes, Mrs. Osmeroh, Mr. M'Donald end her self to Melbourne. Witness was willing to Awear toe never used a penny of Mrs. Cameron's money. Supposed her nutouid must have got a cheque for £20 during November. (Other cheques were asked about and witness said that no doubt her husband received these hut ex pended them on Mrs. Cameron's behalf.) Was aware that MThail managed both stations in Vw flUaaassistia l!fn_4imn trrVirioA AnffHe fiewwimn came as overseer at Oakbank. He was not how ever under M'Phail bnt M'Donald. If Angus Cameron swore Mr. M Donald did not do any work on Oakbank toe would contradict him. Mr. M'Phail was a very good man when acting under the supervision of an experienced person. Mr. M'Donald had to attend to the shipping of Wool. Dr. Madden : If M'Phail sent toe wool to Mr. Smith thence to Mr. Woods can you tell me where Mr. M'Donald came in ! witness : He recommended Mr. Woods as the agent, and gave other instructions to M'Phail and Angus Cameron. There were occasions that Mr. Shevill was speaking to Mrs. Cameron on business in Mr. MDonald'a presence. Knew Mis. Cameron had spoken in Mr. MDonald's favor in Mr. Sheriff's presence, but Mrs. Cameron umealmvcEAiiarvmnvhiiii STiovfll oama intn tfiA room that she could hardly say anything. Mrs. Cameron said tbat the estate was worth £100,000 or over, tbat the execution' commission on this would be 5 per cent, but she, as executrix, would give Mr. M'Donald her share oi this and a grat deal more — three or four thou sand pounds. No definite amount was fixed, as they did not know her death was so near, and Mrs. Cameron wanted to get her business settled up and get rid of ShevilL The business was not all settled in December, 1679. In February, 1680, Mr. M'Donald left Oakbank and never went back ; but he did not have a quarrel with Mrs. Cameron, and was returning to Oakbank, when her death occurred. No date was mentioned when the money was to be pai4» She wished Mr. M'Donald to become manager and take the whole management of her business ; this wish she expressed in the presence of Mr. Buckland, who had not been brought up as a witness. By Mr. Johnstone : Mrs. Cameron insisted upon witness's daughters going to Oakbank whilst wifeless went to her own home to attend to her own affairs, and thiB was why Mis. Cameron paid their railway fares. Bonald M'Donald, examined by Mr. Moles- worth, gave corroborative evidence, and added Ahat witness was sent over to ask Mr. Shevill about deposit receipts for £17,000. Mr. Shevill said he nad them in a tin box looted up in a careful place. Mrs. Cameron 6aid that two or three days after her husband's death Wilmot, the solicitor, and Shevill had pressed upon her the necessity of making her will, and the reason they gave, was, that her brother, Dan. ftnghfr", as he was called, with whom Mr. Cameron had quarrelled, would, in the event of anything happening to her, come and seize everything. -They insisted upon tbe will being drawn out, and subsequently Mrs. Cameron told M'Donald to go and get it, aa it had not been made aocording to her wish, mid gave them, Wilmot and Shevill, too much power. The Court then adjourned until 10 a.m. on Saturday. Saturday, 15th October. The hearingof the case McDonald r. Hughes was resumed, and an argument took place between the learned counsel as to an application made by Mr. Molesworth for leave to amend the piaanii, qy giving particulars or wuzk ana taooar. Dr. Madden objected, but His Honor settled tbe matter by allowing both sides to amend. Cross- examination of Bonald M'Donald ' was then proceeded with. Paid a mound wit to sua cansenra, 'irin» referred him to Mr. Sheriff. Mr. Sheriff said the value of the estate would be £100,000; the probate duty £5000 ; and the commission, £5000. After seeing Mr. Sheriff, witness returned to Mrs. Cameron, who said 6he would deal more liberally withjwitnea than with any one else, andallo w him her share of the commission If he would manage the estate. Received from Mrs. Cameron written authority to act, and the first authority being accidentally destroyed when witness was burning some useless letters, he obtained a second authority. "Went to Geelong to see Mr. Buckland, solicitor, under the first authority ; also went to Mr. \Vilmot in Melbourne to get a draft of tbe wilL Inspected the Oakbank and Hilgay Stations, also property owned by the late Mr. Cameron at Casterton, Coleraine, Hamilton and Portland. After this, got a se cond authority from Mrs. Cameron to act for her, but tbe document was left with other papers in Mrs. Cameron's hands. The paper was given to witness whenever it was required for business purposes, and was returned to Mrs. Cameron on each occasion after being used. Cross-examined by Dr. Madden : Gave up the authority to Sirs. Cameron because she was a nervous person, and witness having accident ally burned the first authority, she said it wouldbe well in future toleAvethesecond author ity with her, except when in use. On getting tbe second authority, witness wrote ogt a <locu- Be-ex&mined; by Dr. Molesworth: Was occupied about nine months in transacting business for Hra. Cameron ; went three times to Melbourne, and was there a fortnight on one occasion, selecting a monument to tbe memory of the late Mr. Cameron. Visited Oakbank a great many times on business; also went to Portland to arrange with Mr. Woods to convey tiie wool of the station fe) Portland. Wrote some two or three hundred tetters, more or less, in connection with the estate ; also arranged with Mr. Henry Scott, of Loudon about the sale of tiie wooL The business of witness at Glen Boy and Comanm in South Australia suffered materially whilst he was engaged on this business. Ooght to have had 30, 0w sheisp qa his iowu runs, hut was 16,000 short tf gut ftumber. Estimated this portion of the lose at from £3000 to £4000. Sipent £94 10s 6d in travelling expenses, His Honor said the whole claim rested on a contract, and any losses he might have .sus tained in tills way had nothing to do with tiie case. By Dr. Madden: Mrs. Cameron told wit ness that Sherill and Wilmot had induced her to. make a will, as Dan. Hughes would the property if anything happened to her. Was telegraphed for by bhs. Cameron on the 7th Jtme, 1879, and .when vpitness came, she engaged him as her man of business. W«s pro mised £3000l.£4000, £5000, or more, and took Mrs. Cameron's word for it. Dr. Madden : If I were buying a horse of you would yoa'be content if I were to promise £10, £20, £30, or more? yifecu: ylwapldflot be so green. Dr. f - That's precisely what I wanted tegjetat. Ho? ften vere you so green in matyers inyolying thousands <rf pounds 1 Witnere. f »js eqnteqt fe take Sfra. Cameron's surd, but I wouldn't fekn yours. (Laughter). Witness continued : It did not occur to him at the time he gave up toe authority that his whole claim to £3000 or £4000 rested upon that document. It is possible that witness without totqkjnr of it, might have told his attorneys, Messrs. Macgregor? Baiwy and Brtoe, toattoe anthgrjty was left by Mm amdngsi qfeer dpeds tod papers in a tor-box ' at Oakbanfc lt was most lflfoly he bad said toe authority was left in a tu-box without sayjng by whom. Inspected toe allotments, to see whether anybody bed erected bnildings on them, and whether they corresponded with tee maps, so as to' be able to give information to Mr. Buckland, Mrs. Cameron's solicitor: The account sales of tbe wool were sen? to Mm. Cameron, at Oakbank, and did not pass through toebands of fitoeo. The 2GQ or 0Q leftefs wgre pertly vfdtgn by wttoem Barely fry his wife. If to, ere were any copies of these letters, 'toey' were left at Oakbank. Kept no books except toe pocket memorandum-book produced- Had no replies to any iff three letters, us toey were all at Oak bank. M'Phail, tee manager of HUgay, wrote letters from Hilgay direct to Mis. Cameron, end not through witness, because he preferred to conupiuicBte with her direct. The cheques produced were paid to yifejep? by Mrs. Cameron for travelling expenses. Some of Mrs. CazQefon-s eheqpes were givnn to witness to get changed forhtoOTu JH.ro toehoqse. Witness always maa«i»$n£ira Sff wrftogfrlg flame on toebaok of every cheque he got Vetoed- Never told Angus Cameron he would like to rant .a £1200 a year, or wonld like to take toe manage. if coold netrid of M Phafl. Never told him he wonld like to borrow £4000 from Mrs. Cameron to save pay- fog heavy beak interest. Never said to Angus Gammon that Mrs. Cwanjn would never do "uyttung unUss tee wasfetfhtened infe it, end Gamron was very superstitions, and that if somebody were to <oover himself with a Aeet ; vhaia after him# to ngjees en$ a s frightened about. Never told Mr. Lockte or Mr. Horwitz, of Hamilton that he -was acting as a friend to Mrs. Cameron in winding up her estate. In December, XS79, the property was transferred from the executors to Mrs. Cameron, and her affairs were all settled. Did not then ask for his commission, because it was to be paid when Mr. Sherill was settled with. £frs. Cameron, as executrix, was entitled to £2500 commission which she had promised to witness, «tnd a good deal more. Heard Mr. Sherill had received £1050 for commission. Might have an overdraft at times, to the value of his wool, say £4000 or £5000. By Mr. Molesworth : The cause of the es trangement between Mrs. Cameron and her brothers, the Hughes family, was a loss of £25,000 which her husband had sustained in a >aper called The Town and Country managed >y Sir. Hughes. Witness did not always carry about with him the authority to act because he soon became known in connection with the estate. Had received altogether £$3 from Mrs. Cameron for travelling expenses. (Two other items viz., £40 to purchase a watch for Mrs. M'Donald, and £10 to pay her coach-fare to Glen Boy were admitted.) By His Honor : Witness did not shew Mr. Buckland his authority to act for Mrs. Cameron, although he had it with him. Had shewn the second authority to Mr. Butler, Solicitor, of Portland. By Mr. Molesworth : Shewed the second authority to Sir. Archer the banker of Portland. J. B. Woods sworn : Was a merchant and auctioneer at Portland. About Kovember 1879, Mr. M'Donald the plaintiff, called on him on tnnnoce MnnnrtArl unfli Mi> /"tamATYHi9 Mfaife. He arranged the terms on which the Hffgay wool was to be shipped. About Christinas witness sold some hides and elans from tiie estate. Cross-examined by Dr. Madden : Could not say whether Mr. M'Donald was acting as a friend or as business manager for Mrs. Cameron. Sent a copy of the weights to the station and one to Mis. Cameron, in accordance with the usual practice. Mrs. M'Donald re-sworn, gave as nearlv as Bhe could remember, the wording of the docu ment authorising her husband to act as manager of the estate. It ran M I hereby authorise my dear friend Mr. M'Donald to act as business manager," Lc. John Peachey, storekeeper, 'Casterton, deposed that he was a tenant of tbe late Mr. Cameron .nil MneiffAil VtIB Inaefl as a. vpnrlv tenant With Mr. M'Donald, having previously received a letter from Mrs. Cameron stating thatM'Donald was her agent. This closed the case for the plaintiff. Dr. Madden opened the case for the de fendant with an address to the jury, in the course of which he reminded them that there was a large estate valued at £100,000 left in the hands of a failing woman, who might, in the natural course of events, be expected soon to follow her husband. Moreover, the Cameron family had quarrelled with other relations, and Mr. M'Donald, who was a cousin, might there fore be supposed to entertain some expecta tions. M'Donald and his wife called to see Mis. Cameron soon after the death of her hus band, and were welcomed at Oakbank, wher they were invited to stay. What was more likely than that M'Donald had volunteered his services, as a friend, to wind up tiie estate, and that under these circumstances he was allowed to do a few things, for which he had been liberally paid at the time. The learned counsel then alluded to the conversation with Angus Cameron about frightening Mrs. Cameron with a ghost as a means of cautioning her to make a will to prevent the Hugheses getting the pro perty, and said that Mr. Angus Cameron had evidently told Mrs. Cameron of this, winch was the reason M'Donald never saw her again. Up to this time no been made by M'Donald, for remuneration, and not_ tiff after Mrs. Cameron's death did he pat in his demand for £3000, £4000, or £5000. It was contended for the' defendant that M'Donald had already been over-paid, and as for the authority to act as agent, every search had been made for it without success. Thos. Daniel Hughes, tbe defendant, deposed that he had made every search amongst the papers at Oakbank, and could find no authority such as had been alluded to by M'Donald. The cheques and papers produced were found. By Mr. Molesworth : Had seen Mr. Archer at Hamilton that morning. He might be out side the Court now. Was not aware he had I received a subpoena. P. W. Sheriff, merchant, Portland, sworn : Had known Mr. M'Donald since 1863. Was an executor of the late Mr. Cameron's will, in con junction with Mrs. Cameron. M'Phail was in charge of Hffgay station when Cameron died, and was re-appointed by the execntors to manage Oakbank and BQkrav. Witness naid M'Phail a cheque for the balance of salary due him. Don't know who appointed Angus Cameron overseer at Oakbank. Had received £1050 .as has commission as executor of the estate, and had pud the costs ont of it. Haj about three interviews with M'Donald en Cameron's business. At the first interview witness declined to accede to M'Donald being appointed valuator for Hffgay, as he was a relative. M'Donald said Mra- Cameron was determined he should be appointed valuator with Mr. Stewart, of Lyne. Witness then arid if she was so determined, he would not further object, bnt nothing came of it. Tbe second in terview was about tbe removal of the body of the late Mr. Cameron. The third interview was with regard to the commission, when wit ness referred him to Mr. Lyne, the solicitor for the estate. The total gross income of the two stations was £3924 14s 8d a year, as near as witness could remember. That was after de ducting the flipping charges on tbe clip of wool. Wages and all other expenses of growing the wool had to be deducted from the £3924. By Mr. Molesworth: Valued the estate at £77,000. By Dr. Madden : If any other business man had been appointed to act with witness as agent, be should have been sure to remember it. Bertram Horwitz, auctioneer, at Hamilton : Knew plaintiff, and saw him in the lifetime of Mrs. Cameron. Witness was in occupation of some sale-yards rented by Baragwanath, Veitch and Co. from Mrs. Cameron, and M'Donald wanted witness to pay a certain rent. M'Donald told witness he was acting as a friend to Mrs. Cameron, Andrew Lockie, saddler, Hamilton, deposed tbat M'Donald called on him after MV- Came ron's death, and said he was a cousin of th# deceased. He asked to be shown Mr. Cameron's allotments in Hamilton, and said some saddlery would be wanted for Hffgay station, which M'Phail, the-overseer, afterwards selected. Wit ness understood he was acting as a friend to Mrs. Cameron. Angus Cameron, overseer at Oakbank, said he was appointed in that capacity on 5th July, 1879, by Mra. Cameron, Hnew McDonald, plaintiff, and had seen him at Oakbank ttatioq seven or right times. M'Donald never inter fered with the management of the station. Re membered M'Donald saying he was acting as a friend of Mrs. Cameron's ; that he did not ex- wjet anything for it ; and would not take any thing. Heard Mra. Cameron say to him at different times that she hoped he wasn't ne- giecrmg nig own bnsiness, wb#n be replied he was not, as his son was able w manage for him. Mlonald said he would like to rent Hffgay himself, and pay £1200 a-year, which the last tenant had paid. Afterwards M'Donald said Mis. Cameron didn't want to rent him the station, but that if he could get M'Phail away it would be easier for him to get the station. HTtaudd, on another occasion, said he would fey and borrow some money from hps. Cameron to save his paying bank interest. On going away from station fpr the l%st time, M'Donald told witness he saw what Mra Cameron was up tQ. Witness asked was le going to succeed in getting the money 5 and he said "She will do nothing unless she is fright ened into it" -M'Donald then stud " he didnt know how it could be done, unless witness would put a sheet over himself and drag a chain along tiie verandah." " In doing so," M'Donald said, " Fitness could exclaim, in a sort of mum bling way, tlpit she earned ont her hus- tamd's iptenfeqns, something would happen. Witness replied that this woqld kQl fllrs. Cameron, as she was a very nervous woman, but M'Donald said "There is no danger ' By Mr. Molesworth : Witness did not consult «a . asvikuu. wu uk me Dusuess oi une station. " rote one letter to thw at Mrs. Cameron's regret (Four letters were here gut in and adnjitted.) By Dr. Madden : Never toot instructions from M'Donald on any subject. " ' ' Dr. Madden iq bis address to toe jury dwelt at some length ueoc toe strange disumear- ance of the documents, whiZi! would have set the point at rest, tb5 flm plaintiff was acting as agent for Mrs. Cameron. He maintained that a business man would not have acted in so careless a as Mr M'Dflnawiteed toem to believe, that paper "W"entu« «? Iwse fllf amount qf money would not have been feroVu so lightly aside. % Hughes 'l1, his evidence had shown that due search had been made for the document flaid tq nave been placed with Mrs. Cameron's papers, hut no such deed could be found. Moreover it had been stated by toe plaintiff and bis wife that three gentlemen bad seen toe papers, and Diew he was acting in toe capacity of agent to toe estate, and if this were true why had not those taesses Vsefl coifed. He referred to Uresis. Buller, Buckland. and Archer, gentlemen to whom access was easy, and whose evidence if it wore qf so favorable a nature to toe plaintiff's case, would have placed toe defendant in a more a., ventured to say thai sate contract never existed, and toattoe plaintiff was manly acting toe part of q friqqd to a lady relative, who was a nervous old woman, Trtitllej!D8,of seennug a large fortune at her death. The cheques he held foils hand showed toat toe other count in the plaint had been more than met, and be was certain toe jury, viewing toe pesqhar enenmatencre of toe case as bunness men, and men of common sense, would not give a verdict Upon husband's testimony corrobor ated onlyhy the evidanoe of hiswifa. Mr. Molesworth said his learned friend had a WT VSJ- tf feffeg Mty things, |t feq jury found for the defendant it would be tantamount to a verdict of perjury against the plaintiff and his wife. It was not so much now a question of money, it was a quastion-of character, and as such the matter should be con- sidered most carefully, and every attention should be given to detail, trifling as It might be. Tbe learned gentleman then reviewed the evidence for the «IG fendaut as Bell as that for toe plaintiff! and contended that the testimony on both sides showed that Ate. M Donald was acting as agent for Mrs. Cameron. Great stress had beenlaid upon the absence of three gentlemen from the witness -box. But it had not been thought for one moment that such a defence would be set up, that the enstence of the documents would have been disputed. Again Mr. Arelier. the bank manager at Portland, had been in attend ance during the case ; then why had not the de fendant scounrel asked him ahoat the papers and the plaintiff's relations with Mrs. Cameron's f j r.r hank — simply because it was be lieved that his evidence would have prejudiced his clients cause. The strange disappearance of bundles of correspondence was next referred to. Mr. Hughes had been given notice to procure the important documents alluded to, but it had not been done, that gentlemen contenting him self with the remart that he had looked for them, hut could not find them. He might have done so, he (the speaker) believed he had searched for them, bnt there was no proof before the jerry to show that every diligent search had been made. Looking at the case from both client" C0Dfide?tIy uPn a verdict for his .H£n,0rr 111 cHWe i"? after alluding to the firet count much, be said— if the iur Z believed that the cheqS lrrrt bL given 3fo? expensre- would have to be dismissS, aa the plaintiff would have been overpaid, referred more parfaculartyto the other count with re gard to fes daim for money due for bis services as agent to toe estate of toe late Aire. Cameron WW?4 rFi Y?5 Principal point to which he would oall attention. Two tfinvs he would recommend toem to consider asmen of common amse, one was that when a pereon sought to bind one who was dead and gone he was railed npon to satisfy a jnry most distinctly by evidence of the clearest description that toe promise had been really made. In other words toe jury required stronger and more distinct proof established of the promise of a dead pereon. Another view to take was, no pereon wss supposed to do work for nothing, and if a pereon proved that he had rendered services to another, even if no agreement existed whatso ever, if it were shown that that other had re- ceived services so rendered he would be celled upon to show why he should not pay, and toe presumption would be in favor of the one who so received the servioe being obliged to pay. For obvious reasons it could not be assumed Suit one man should profit by the exertions of another without payment, as it would be equal to taking money out of his pocket, un less m point of fact the pereon had so deprived himself of that power by saying that he would not receive money for those services. These two points were important, and deserved toeir carrfid consideration. To go on further, he re- garted toe arrangement between toe deceased lady, Mrs. Cameron, and toe plaintiff as bcinc ntoy imaatisfectay. It appeared that not the slightest attempt at a business arrangement had been entered into, in fact all through toe case there was an utter absence of business habite It was only to be expected that a per- ron hg» "riding upon work for another would say. What are you to give me ?" or " Tell me what I am to receive.'' He could understand that toe deceased, being an elderiy lady and a relative of toe . plaintiff, might have felt it inexpedient to press her about what ahe would give him, but it was his duty to have made some arrangement firet, and let toe promises be given afterwards. He could quite conceive that toe deceased lady, having been deprived of her husband, frit anxious and nervous, and no doubt the amount of money of which she suddenly found herself possessed increased that anxiety. She now felt called upon to express opinions and give directions, and under those circumstances would naturally lean upon some one for advice and assistance. Such bring the case, to whom would she look for such help ? Naturally to a friend, and to whom mora probable than to a relative of her dead husband? That was in the plaintiff's favor, but he (His Honor) felt the case to be the most unsatisfactory one he had ever had to present to a. jury Here they had been speaking of thou sands of pounds, as if they were so many shil lings. Again he could not tell them what the plaintiff had been requested to do. It seemed he had merely gone about and made hlmgfrlf generally useful. Then about the period for which the plaintiff had to be paid. He (His Honor) considered it greatly to be deplored that anyone should expose himself to have bis credi bility questioned when it might have been- avoided by calling witnesses. This had not oetmaone, aisnougn it Had been ehown that evidence of a most important character could have been famished. A gentleman had been outside of court, to whom reference had been made, and who would have thrown light upon the missing document, and yet neither of the parties engaged in the suit had called hlfr, but merely flung baok one to another tbe question "Why did you not call him?" He could not understand that kind of proceeding when a per son 6 character was at stake. Why had not the plaintiff insisted upon calling him, and more over demanded of him (His Honor) as judge, to call him. It was the plaintiff's business and duty to prove Ins case by independent witnesses, and they had been placed in their present diffi culty through that not being done. There were three persons whom be could have called, hut not one had been forthcoming. He (His Honor) wanted something on which he could lay the soles of his feet It was very easy to lay a case to the juiy when' the evidence was all before them, but it was a different thing when uu satis factory evidence was only furnished, wheu most satisfactory and conclusive evidence might have been obtained. He, however, did not want them to find a verdict for the defendant upon that ground, hut it was open for them to say that tbe agreement had not been proved. He did not know whether they were satisfied on tbe subject, but the agreement had not been proved. He, however, believed that the plaintiff ought to receive remuneration for services rendered, and those representing the pereon who had re ceived those services should pay. Now it ap peared to him (His Honor) only fair to tell them thpt the work done seemed to be very trilling indeed. The plaintiff walkpd about Qp.- parently; he did nfit what fop, fo see that the men aid theip duty and to boofclio the feqrs qf a nervous old woman. In the way of business what did he do? He (His Honor) did not know , with the exception ".of some trifling wool transaction which the mer chant in Portland, the trustee, would have done. Still the plaintiff's time was absorbed, and according to the principle he had laid down, time was of value, and must be paid for: There was evidence before them tb$t something had been done by the plaintiff for the deoeased lady, and unless they were satisfied that he had deprived himself of the right of asking for pay ment, be was entitled to some compensation. It was for them to fix the sum, by consider ing the amount of work performed. He (His Honor) did not see how £1000 could be asked for nine months' labour when it might have bmi tfee itenijqn of fjie lady to have employed bim |PF ax yeprsj 6f pe&aps; longer; Bpt how could the jury determine the amount when 'the plaintiff ought to have fixed it himself, and why should they have had that onerous duty thrust upon toem wnen it ougut to nave been under taken for them? He (His Honor) briieved plaintiff was entitled to a verdict, on the ground of services rendered, and it was for them to apportion the amount of damages they thought fit, Dir. Blolesworjh said one point J) ad been proved in evidence, " namely, that Mr. Archer, bapk lhapager, been"suhpcena.ed by the de: fepdant, ahd 'it' was thought lie jvbuld have been called. His Honor : Certainly not. The whple onus and responsibility of proving your case redes upon you and not upon the defendant, yon have not done so, as you should have orilH that gentleman who was accessible to you. The jury retired, and at six o\h>ck were locked UP- £fc IX pum. nht bring eble to fgy. ' they were dismissed. IN EIECIHENL Btrgin v. Ddaitj.—tor. Molesworih, in structed by Mr. CressweU, for plaintiff ; Mr. Fink, instructed by Messra, Samuel and Hor- wits, for defendant. The plaintiff Bought to pi®?1 defendant from possesion of premise? m Lsndsalestreet, &s;<L Ire hfer Rttdniey/ iiro- 4&ced; hr title, and proved demand for' posset- tf on. The defendant attempted to set up a tenancy, which foiled, and a verdict was re Copied for plaintiff. Damages, 3a. ' Jbkwf- WaUfcr. —Ho appearance pf defon? daht. ' i Mr. Molesworth who appeared for tiie plain tiff eaid that as no defence had been filed he was entitled under the Anmtn<m i,y procedure statute to a verdict for the His Honor made an order accordingly. Monday, IJth October. TRESPASS. M'Donald v. Jfichollt. — Damages claimed £1000. Messrs. Holesworth and Fink instructed by Mesas, fiamuri and Hareik for plaintiff, and Dr. nnd tff. Johnstone instructed by Mr. TT. Briggs for the defendant. jury ; J. Anderson, EL Hjpatii, F. QDf, N. MfGinyray, J. ETGregor and fi. Lodoe. Mr. Fink stated that two arbitrators bad de cided Upon £10 as an equivalent for thfl damage done. 3k> this the plaintiff demurred, hence tbe action. It was then derided to first take evi dence about the arbitration, when the defendant stated that; Me. Peeohey had had full power to act as arbitrator for him, and with Mr. XN-yiey, plaintiff 's arbitrator, had agreed upon the sum of £10 as stated. John Peachey coiTDboreteH . tins, a&d; ladded that plaintiff had offered to take a cheque, for £35 and Mr. Banners expenses. Jlefore decid ing upon their award e| £U) they had given |'£>9Pal4 for steting bte complaints; witness would have fixed the damages at even a lower sum, but agreed to Mr. Layley's proposal of £10. William Layiey, examined by Dr. Madden admitted that the instructions he received from M'Donald were rather confusing as he apparently, wished to go on law points instead of morality. Directly the arbitrators derided upon £10 M'Donald objected, and, aa stated, claimed £35. M'Donald stated his case, and was afforded every opi>ortumty for stating all his claim, be fore £10 was'decided upon. By Mr. Molesworih : Understood from M'Donald that be would not agree to a friendly settlement if the arbitrators did not take the damage done to his stock into consideration, but considered that £10 was ample compensation . Signed the paper produced, in which he denied he had ever signed a document to the effect that he had acted as arbitrator ; but he gave this as M'Donald accused him of sending & state ment to Melbourne, which he certainly had not done. By Dr. Madden : fis a matter of fact he had never signed a document aa accused by M'Donald, the award bring given by word of mouth. Had M'Donald brought forward any evidence about the dairy farm or stock, it would have been considered. TYItaess looked at MDonaldre grass paddock, and could not see that more damage had been done than £10 would cover. John M'Donald, the plaintiff, by Mr. Fink, said that he bad only agreed to arbi tration so long .is the damages done to his daily produce and stock were fully considered; but Peachey would not agree to it When adced what he claimed, he replied £35. Layiey remarked it was an imposition, and said, "By — well advise Nicholls to fight you in a court of law," Peachey being of tiie same opinion. Never ap pointed Layiey as his arbitrator ; he was there to arbitrate for him. By Dr. Madden: Saw Mrs. Nkholls; told her thai Holmes had refused to act for him, and added, " as you have appointed Peachey to act for you, yoo may as well appoint Layiey too," but never agreed to Layiey himself. Told ins wife to go out of the room and not interfere. "Would swear that £10 was never mentioned. Jessie Satchel!, examined by Mr. fink : Was' present when M'Donald said to Layiey that any thing that took place was not to prejudice his claim in & court of law, unless Layiey consented to arbitrate on the damage done to daily pro duce and Btock. Was plaintiff's brother-in-law. Evidence was then taken as to tbe damage done, when John M'Donald, tiie plaintiff, having enumerated the occasions on which tiie sueep trespassed, estimated lus total Ion, through want of grass for his horses and cattle, having to find artificial food, etc., atabout£200. By Dr. Madden : Had bad eight other actions for trespass, in four of which he had recovered small awards, and the other four had been dismissed. His dairy paddock consisted of 50 acres, 40 acres of which were laid down in artificial grasses, and in this paddock he had had 15 head of cattle aud 7 horses continally feeding ; one acre of it, in fact, would support a beast. Here Dr. Madden wished to know what became of tbe beast ? and the reply was " Got fat on it." James M'Donald gave some unimportant evidence. For the defence, a -witness named Hodge stated that on one occasion he saw James M'Donald's dog driving some of Nicholl's sheep from Crouch's on to McDonald's paddock. J. H. Jackson stated that it would take three acres of M'Donald's land to feed a beast ; the grazingof it was worth 5s per acre, whilst as for McDonald's fence, there was a portion of it under which a young steer could go. After addresses from counsel, His Honor summed up for the jury, and in doing so, said the defendant was entitled to rely upon the award made by the two arbitrators ; the plaintiff had wanted an extraordinary arrangement, which the jury could not sanctum. It was trifling with the question, for him - to say to arbitrator ' Whatever you do now, it must not affect my claim at law," as such arbitration was bound to affect it. It was, however, for the | jury to say whether both parties had agreed to an arbitration, and if so, had the plaintiff fairly laid the conditions he said he had before the arbitration commenced ; further, had those con ditions been acted up to ; if not, there was no submission to the arbitration. His Honor also commented severely on tbe fact that plaintiff had allowed defendant's sheep to trespass con tinually without communicating with the de fendant, hut allowed the damages to accumulate before taking action. The jury, after retiring for some time, came into court with a verdict for defendant. Kennedy r. Sure of Portland. — This was an action brought to recover £250 damages for ires- pass, etc. . . I j 4I Mr. Molesworih, instructed by -Mr.\Dutier, for the plaintiff ; Mr. Finfc, nflkuutedbyME. Lyn for defendant, -fit jdr. Tink's «qu ui wiurana wen; uruocu vat ui muiuim. Jmy.— Memrs. C. Brand. T. "millSgifc MTntesb73TE. Graham, CL Hartwito, aqgit Link. : CT©! Mr. Holraworth explained that toe alcjfen; had firet Been tried in toe County Court, -frit new trial had been decided upon in canseqnento of a mistake made about damages. Tha Suea- torn was solely one of law. The defendant, under the will of James "Kennedy, ffitehLflife interest in some land at Cape Bridgewater nnder a very old Crown grant, which .defined toe boundary as "the nraijin of toe sea" (there were only two other such grants in existence), and his client contended that "toe margin or the sea " meant high water marie, and the de fendants liml, by making a road between plain- ' tiff's property and tbe sea, damaged plaintiffs property to the extent mentioned. The will of toe late James Kennedy, giving plaintiff a life interest in the land, was pro duced. Lindsay Clark was called, but it was elicited that he had merely walked round the property and not measured it, taking one of toe marks mentioned in toe Crown grant as a starting point. Frat of toe road in above high -water marie, and part on land previously submerged by the sea. Assuming toe boundary of plaintiff's property to be high-water mark, it certainly had been damaged, by the making of the road, as it thereby was deprived of its sea frontage. Charles Kingk, examined : Had not surveyed toe plaintiff's land, but bad surveyed tbe road which prevented plaintiff from access to toe sea, except by means of a ladder, whereas previously access could have been gained along neatly toe whole distance. As agricultural land it might be yorth £-5 P®r acre, hut as sites for marine residences, land on toe cliff might have been sold for £100 per acre previous to the beanty of toecliff bring disfigured by toe road, toecnt- tingsmade for which were, in some planes as high as a two- storey house. James Craig, who had known toe land for twenty years, said Kennedy's fence stepped on toe top of toe cliff, which was almost per pendicular. All toe road was above high-water mark, except in one small bend, and he con sidered Kennedy's property had been injured to toe extent of £200, as in addition to not bring able to gain access to the sea from nearly every part of tbe cliff as formerly, there was now only one place where access could be gained, and only there by an almost perpendicular ladder of steps at a spot which was formerly a bathing place. Formerly toey could drive a team of bullocks down to toe sea, and beforp toe read made; toenailed beep sdsqi at tot SpriPE sinpe destroyed. The plaintiff then gave corroborative evi dence respecting toe. road preventing bim having access to the sea, and added toat air. Stewart, of toe Portland Shire Couhri), wished bim to allow toe council to make a road through bis property, but .be absoUtely re fused, and further declined an offer .made on behalf of the connal tolease tfrelendforaterm ofqtiygqis. He qmuld not has-e taken less togn £20 per acre for any pf his lanij, am) that pear toe sea was' even' more valuable. Never and to Mr. Stewart toat toe road would not interfere with bim or bis land. The shire yaloation of his property, consisting 57 acres a poods SO perches, was £4 per acre. J. B. Woods, examined, valued toe land at £20 per acre before the making of toe road ; considered it was only worth £5 per acre now, Mr. Hnk, for toe defence, fcansMerea that toe boundary oftoelandbaJniit been proved, and His Honor admitted toat toercgdence riven toeremMnhnts'notiaaimfeetore. 'nd re served the pom£ yf. Stewart, Portland Shire - surveyor, ex amined, stated that plaintiff had acknowledged to him that the road would do him no injury, that toe property had not been injured by toe road; onTSRbem, B. M'MnHen, stating that toe road mae toe sea even more acrainUa. 