THE HIGHWAYMAN OUTWITTED; hu On EXCUAGE NO ROBBERY. Ito Dingle Farm was such a pretty place. ri Charmincly situated at the foot of a slope, air it commanded an extensive view of a ral beautiful Kentish valley, the ground *thy rising to a ridge of wooden hills in the od far distance. Its steop tiled roof, covered with yel- be low lichens, indicated its antiquity, and di, the numerous farm buildings, ricks, and barns, which stood around in picturesque 'c confusion, marked it as wealthy and pros- ie: psrous in a language of their own. An orchard of venerable, but not less full- wh bearing, apple and pear trees ran up the set incline behind the house ; the pasture- j,8 fields were intersected by woods of oaks, wo under which a tangled mass of under growth lent a wild beauty to the spot, the rol birds keeping up a sweet incessant con- a3 cart from sunrise to sunset in the gri branches above. Two shady lanes led down to Dingle mo Farm from the high road, which was de more than half a mile distant. This old an and attractive place had been for gene- ove rations in the possession of the Dales, a no, respectable and wealthy family of farmers, wit and among the villages and country round was better known by the she name of Dale's Farm. It was inhabited far at the time of our story-the latter part heI of the last century-by old Mr Dale and his widowed daughter-in-law. Richard erri Dale, her husband, had died soon after nee the birth of their youngest child, the only on surviving son out of four, three of whom was died in infancy. asic This boy, now thirteen years old, was F doted on by his grandfather and widowed getn mother. An orphan grandchild of old her Mr Dale's-a bright clever girl of twenty, ask named Susan Stidolph-lived with them if it since the death of her mother, his only S daughter, and was Mrs Richard Dale's stri right hand. She directed the servants, and looked after the dairy, fed the poultry, rear kept the accounts, and always went to fasl market.onmarket days, Mr Dale being now gror too infirm to undertake the journey, and in t transact business. tray The market was held at Hazelton, a anii town distant from the farm about seven c miles ; and hither the farmers sent their littl cattle, poultry, and vegetable produce for rail sale the first Wednesday in every month. I These journeys were attended with some a'm anxiety and not a little danger from the Sus high waymen, who still infested the roads, and who did not fail to make use of and market-day as an available opportunity for say. plunder. As the road was much fre- and quented on these particular clays, Susan I went backwards and forwards without the, fear of an encounter with these uncom- T fortable gentry. a mn It was the evening before market-day. Atir, Supper was just over at the farm, and rod, Mrs Dale was busy removing it from the on s large old-fashioned oak table in the Hay kitchen. A bright fire blazed on the x spacious hearth, though it was the end of agai June, and old Mr Dale sat in the chimney corner under the immense chimney, where c a collection of hams hung in various swei stages of smoking. hayv " Now mind, Susan, that you be early que, for market to-morrow," said Mrs Dale, as ings she seated herself. A "Never fear, aunt; I'll be off betimes. c Thomas must start first with the two you cows and the heifer, and I'll follow when. they're well on their way. Don't you you disturb yourself in the morning, aunt t dear." is. " Bless the child, as if I shouldn't be goo( up and about against your starting! I And shall see to your breakfast, of course." T "I wish you'd let me go too, mother," whie said Ben, the boy before mentioned, who soun was whittling a stick at the open door. E " I know I could help Susy." wit' "No, no, no, my dear; you're too hilt young," replied his mother, while the old B man, removing his pipe, said coaxingly, pol "All in good time, my lad ; all in good plac time. Let things come by degrees. Mind she, your schooling now, and you'll be all the the, better farmer for a little book-larning.' slsa " But suppose Susy should meet a high- plae wayman, grandfather. Then I should. he T of use. Wouldn't I tackle him just ! It sale would be fun." tre "Eli, lad, eh! Young folks talk a deal swe o' nonsense," laughed the old man. on "Those gentry you speak of are not so the easy to tackle, I can tell you." mu " Did you ever meet one, grandfather?" k asked the boy. Jer " Ay, ay, and I rode home as hard as 1 ket could, with him at my heels. But it's no her use o' frightening Susy, when she's going der to-morrow." tin, " I'm not frightened, grandad," said for Susan, going up and kissing the old man. Ben here ran across and, coining up unperceived, pulled one of Susan's curls, mn which had tumbled from underneath her ca cap. ci.,. "apDon't, Ben, you plague !" cried Susan Ie and she tried to catch him as lie ducked away from her hand and jumped over a mm settle, where he sat on the floor in tha g attitude of a frog, ready to leap if esehe choose to follow him. Bitt seeing thatl she took no heed, he crawled upnto her lie and said. Si "'What should you do, Susy, if a TIe footparl came up and asked for your money tH< or your life ' I wonder whether you'd Hu call me a plague then '1 Ha, ha" b" "I shouldn't waist you," laughed Susan ; "for I should tell him to go about w his business, and ask what he'd do with of my life when he'd got it." F "Ala! it's all very fine to be part nosy, pl but you'll long for poor plaguy Beta then, u I know ;" and Beta here not only pulled uts the curl again, but twaked the cap off the 01 girl's head. She caught him and was in at the act of administering punishment by a hi box of the ear, when lie leaped over her be stoopiug forma and ran up- stairs to bed. a: The next morning Susan rose at five, and dressed herself with much care atid Is neatness. Beta meat liar as she came to ft the kitchen door ; and Mrs Dale, who was re already down, began to cut large slices of a bread and bumtter, atnd told him to be quiet t and get his brcalcfast. Susan went to see that her basket of t poultry, eggs, anad butter, was ready packed " Don't let the duschs go for lesi thtano six shillings the couple, child," said Mrs t Dale, " and get as nauch -as yots can for the fowls. Ducks are ini season, anid ought to fetphi a good price." ** Susan's a duck hierself," chimed in Ben. " You're a goose, at all events," rejoined Susan, " though I shsouldn't like to have the selling of you; for you wouldn't fetch much." And she sat down opposite the boy and began her breakfast, the farm-servants coming in soon after to get theirs. " Tumnmats started betitmes," said Bets "I heard him go. Make haste, Sissy eat away." " There's no Istrry, my dear," said Mrs Dale, as she stirred liar porridge ; ' butt you can go and see if Jerry's all ready, and bring himt round." Jierry Wat the horse, of .respeustable and m~~aite pind, abd admbwh'at chumity build, on which Susan usually made her so1 journeys to market. Sho was a good Su hlorewoman, having been accustomed to ride about the farm with her grandfather I qu since she was quite a child, and she was in, rather impatient of Jerry's slow paces, m *though she knew them to be a necessity he oa mark t day. g' " Lady, your palfrey waits," cried Benl, of bowing at the kitchen door, with mock of dignity. die " Bless the boy I" exclaimed his mother; inc " he's full of fun, I declare. Come and soc help Susan with her baskets." ask Jerry was led to the mounting-stone ` which stood in the yard, Susan was duly she settled on, her saddle, the baskets ad. ` jisted and the horse ambled away up the yet wooded lane. sail "Think of me when you meet the robbers, Susy," squealed Ben after her, ma as lie pretended to be overcome with it's grief at her departure. quo Susan rode along, enjoying the fresh sim morning and the song of the birds. The dew twinkled on the grass and herbage, Sn, and the sun glinted through the trees insi overhead ; while the scent of the hay, ` now being made into ricks, filled the air aug with its delicious fragrance. the When Susan turned into the high road E she found it full of carts, horsemen, and lone farmers, all bent on the same errand as at I herself. Poo It was of no moment whether she " arrived at Hazleton sooner then her dea neighbours,.so she took no pains to urge I to on the steady-going old horse, and she afte was soon left alone at the foot of a steep let ascent. Before many minutes had elapsed, a girl gentleman on a fine bay horse overtook thai her, and, reining himself in with difliculty, hay asked if lie were right for Hazleton, and " if it were market-day thers. jeel Susan looked round at him, and was his struck with the handsome aquiline face umer and piercing dark eyes which seemed to trut read her through. Dressed in the best Con fashion of tie time, his horse carefully. in a groomed till its glossy coat shone brightly bric in the sunlight, he made a marked con- S trast to Susan on her thick made clumsy turn animal. of t " You are bound for the market, too, hed little maid 1" inquired the -gentleman, side raising his hat as he spoke. li "Yes, sir. All the folks are going there look a'most this morning, I think," answered but Susan shyly. the "And what have you there ? Ohickens reed and butter P' her interlocutor .went on to sists say. "Do you like the business of buying kne and selling 1" quit "It depends on the prices [ get or coui them," returned Susan quickly. atte The gentleman laughed, and stopped for met a moment to arrange the leather of his F stirrup more to his liking ; while Susan stra rode on wondering what a well-bred man, brid on a thorough bred horse, could want at of a Hazleton on a market-day. tuni While she mused on these points, he a try again overtook her. yarc " May I ask your name 1" he said. easi " My name is Susan Stidolph," she an. deri swered simply; and though site would spot have given him much to ask him the same up I question, she refrained from innate feel- " ings of courtesy. deal As if he divined her thoughts, he said, hoe "My name is Hamilton St. John. Do S you like it 7" . wit] " Very much; and what do you call pur your horse, sir 7" "Wildfire ; and a famous stepper he don is. Good-bye, Susan ; I hope you'll get cess good prices for your fowls and ducks." pros And away he sped at a tremendous pace. F The market was becoming very full easi when Susan reached Hazleton, and many sadc sounds of life resounded on all sides. grai Here stood ranges of stalls covered seat with fruit, heaps of vegetables piled be- but hind in glorious confusion. bon Baskets and coops containing live the poultry lined the interior of the market girl place. Farther on came the pens full of com sheep and lambs: then goodly oxen ; her then horses of various breeds, sizes, and S shapes, colts and ponies, grouped in a the place set apart for the purpose. sheo Tins, pans, crockery, and wooden yes- goal sels attracted the housewives to the cen- clas tre of the market : and toys and cut sweet-stalls kept vendors perpetually muis on the alert, so attractive were do: these wares to the children of the com- and munity. littl Susan having met Thomas, and given for Jerry into his charge, entered the mar- am ket, and did her best to effect the sale of ket her poultry ; while the farming-isan un- lac( dertook the vending of the cows, submit- and ting his bargains to Susan's judgment be- lac( fore concluding them. C The day soon came to a close ; all their lter marketings were attended with good suc- par cess, and Susan having made lter pur- tha chases at the draper's, an old friend of few her aunt's, at whose house sit usually anc diited on thsese occasions, concealed lhst ¶1 money, to the amount of thirty pounds in do gold and notes, in the secret pockets of tur hter stays, purposely msade to stowv away yet these treasures, aisd mounted Jerry for out hser ride homewards. Very blitite was wa Stuean at the result of her day's work. Thte cows htad fetchsed a capital price, and dri the heifer aloert remained unpurchased. hes Her poultry was all sold, aitd not a pat of thi butter remained it her basket. me Susan determined to return by a lane t whiich wouitd circuitotusly from thte town tit of Hazletoro to the borders of Dingle an Farm. By thris she ouotld avoid the un- t pleasant society of several htalf tipsy far- i mruss ansd rought horsemen, whtote prex- s imity was very undesirable. Jerry stepped rnj out as was his wovnt, whten he scented his se1 stable lit thte far distance ; -nd Stisan wi htummed to herself as she looked on the 1 Sbeauty of the evening aitd the scensery arotund. Birds were singing their soft evening at Slays ; shadowvs fell dtarkly across the read ts Sfrom the overhanging bousghs; the last di Srays of the sun gleamed brightly thtrough fr Severy gap in the hedge ; and fleecy clouids, h Stinted with the gay colours of a parrot's Pi wing, floated away eastward in the pale S f bltue sky. ri SSusan had not; proceeded two miles h when tite sound of a horse's hoofs struck 81 on hter ear ; and as she turned to look up It s the lane to see what it might be, her well- g r dressed acquaintantce of the msornirng rodet d up to hser side anid greeted her with a polite bow. nt " Well mset, Susan I Whly, yeou're late I frem market. IlItope you've been success-i "fiul." :e " Pretty well," cuirtly replied thte girl, uo vhto was inclined ustually to be reserved te 'n strangers. , " Why, you've an empty basket, I per to ceive. Do you know I was riot so far off as yostntightt thsink ; I esyw you wlhihe you 1;were nsaking youtr bargaiins," said the \- gentlemait looking straight at Stisain with a knowing loolc. :rs " WVell," returned site, raisiimg hter eye set brows, "I Irhad a nsotions that I caught hy, sightt of yosmr face once ; buit sceiing it belonged to a man iii a smock-frock, of nd dourse Itook no heed. m~y Tbb litattey iasghed, and there was r something in his manner which wade i Susan feel uncomfortable. He proceeded to ask her numerous r questions, to which she gave at last only e monosyllabic answers ; for the courteous manner of Mr Hamilton St. John, which had so attracted her in the morning, had given place to an unpleasant familiarity of tone that grated upon the girl's sense of refinement; and she hoped that her disinclination to converse would presently induce himn to ride on and leave her. He soon remarked on her taciturnity, and asked her why she was so silent. "I don't care to talk much to strangers," she replied. "But I have told you my name, and you may judgewhen you see agentleman," said he. "How do I now that you are a gentle man l' asked Susan bluntly. " I think it's very bad manners to ask so many questions. At all events, it's not the way simple folks are taught." " Who do you think I can be, then Susan, my dear '" inquired the horseman insinuatingly. "You may be a highwayman, for aught I know," courageously exclaimed the girl. Her companion laughed loudly and long; and Susan, in anger and desperation at his pertinacity, endeavoured to urge poor old Jerry to a better pace. "What a good guesser you are, my dear I" cried the horseman. " Suppose I take you at your word, and ask you, after the fashion of real highwaymen, to let me look at your purse." "I don't carry a purse," replied the girl, now somewhat alarmed, and believing that her suspicions as to his strange be haviour were not without foundation. "Do you see this ?" said the man, in a jeering tone, drawing a small pistol from his breast- pocket. " it's a little instru usent I carry, to induce people to tell the I truth. Perhaps it'll mnake you do so. I Come, out with your money," he added, e in a rough voice, catching hold of Jerry's f bridle at the same moment. t Susan was a spirited girl, but she turned pale. They had arrived at a part of the road where it sank between high hedges, and a rising ground on either c side hid it entirely from view. It was becoming dark, and as Susan looked right and left she heard nothing I but the faint breeze among the trees, and f the chirp of the grasshopper in the long r reeds at the roadside, and all idea of as sistance from a casual passenger she knew to be almost hopeless. Though r quite faint with terror, she rallied all her s courage, and determined to brave out the attempt of the man to rob her of her money. For one moment hope revived. The i stranger dismounted, and passing his bridle over the low. over- hanging bough of an elder-tree. Susan took the oppor- I tunity to whip Jerry into something like a trot ; but she had not proceeded many yards when the man came running after, I easily overtook her, and laughed derisively, led her horse back to the same spot, where lie again asked her to deliver up her purse to his care. " Better do it quietly, Susan, my dear," he urged. " I shall take it by hook or by crook." Susan still stoutly refused, declaring with many assertions that she carried no purse. " Well, then, we must try what can be done by searching. It's a tiresome. pro cess, but I'm very patient, and not pressed for time to-night." Fe lifted Susan out of her saddle as easily as if she had been a . baby, un saddled Jerry, turning him loose to graze as he pleased, and commenced searching her baskets. Finding nothing but a few parcels of tea, calico, and rib bon, which lie carelessly threw down in 1 the road, he next, begged the terrified I girl to remove her hat and cloak and coming close to her, began feeling.for her pockets. Susan's indignation knew no bounds the robber only laughed, and told her lie should take every means to extract the gold from her, and taking out a large clasp-knife, he said, "It's such a pity to cut this pretty bodice asunder ; but I must, if you are so obstinate. Bless you, do you think I've been years on the road, and don't know the way of you pretty little maids ? The money that was paid for the cows is somewhere about, and I am pretty certain it's in a particular poc ket of your corset. I shall cut your laces, if you try my patience too long; and he began to insert the knife. into the lace of her bodice. Susan, trembling lest she should lose her senses, now made up her mind to part with her money, and assured him that if he would retire out of sight for a few minutes, she would get her pocket, and give it into Isis hands. The robber declared that he could not do that, but that be lied no objection to turn his back. " I don't want to distress you, my dear," lie said ; bust lie pulled out his pistol at the same time, and stood waiting. The poor girl proceeded to take off liar dress and after some dithiculty removed her stays, and donning her cloak hastily, threw them downi before the highway man. the pocket, soon rifled it of its contents, and then picked up har dress, and begets to feel about the limiings, to find if pus - sible more bank notes which might be sewn up in them. As Susan stood shak luig and irresolute a sudden thought. seized liar. Catching tip Jerry's sa ddle, which lay on the ground at her side, she threw it over the hedge, exclaiming, " You shan't have it all, at any rate. g and thinking that time saddle might con d taim the groater part of the spoil, throw at down the dress with an oath, and cursing h ifrightfully, clambered into and over the shedge to recover the saddle. Otis of his 'spistols fellifrom his cotit to the groumnd Ie Susan threuv it over the hedge, atid releasing the bridle of the robber's zs horse, climbed nimbly by the aid of the :k stirrup on to his back, passed the right Ir nee over the lam-ge pistol holster, amid II- givimig the ansimnal the reins, galloped imp do the lane at a tremenidoits pace. a A loud curse, timd thme crack of a pistol, which only uauised the horse to increase .te Isis speed, followed, bitt the bullet missed ss- its ems. Susan heard it wvhiz past ir dangerous proximity to liar ear, and ii rl, then lodged hsarmless in the truunk of at to old oak by the wayside. A way flew Wildfire like Ilie wind, witl or- Suisams omn his back, atid her courage roe olf every moment, as she remembered the on old Jerry lied watidered grazing tip thm he lane, and that it ivould be impossible fo iths this thief to overtake her oni the woll-bre aisnimal site rode, even if he attemupte ye- pursuit. For ems imistant a clattering glut hoofs miade liar Ilook hastily back ; hr it thso soise was oinly a hsumbering attemi of con the part of old .Termy to follow an keep up with her. Susap's lhurried ric was off anid the ahit of the pisto' hall di~urb' his cairn grazings, and he turned with a clumsy start before the rubber could lay hold on him, and unencumbered by Susan, baskets, or saddle trotted off at a novel and excited pace after her. Certain no now of safety, she urged the beautiful w ! animal she sat to its utmost speed, and hi dashed desparately homeswarls. M " Why, here's a go, mother !" cried ns Ben, rushing into the farm kitchen full rep tilt. " Hlero's Susy tearing dowvn the lane co like mad ! I never thought Jerry could tin go so fast. I was on the hayrick, and saw her coming. She's something white or on." Pa " Susan in white ! It must have been cor her ghost," said poor superstitious Mrs no Dale, putting down her dishes, and res turning pale with apprehension. der A great clattering of hoofs over the wh stones of the yard soon divested her mind the of this absurd notion; for rattling up to no0 the entrance, hardly reined in at the vet house-door, came the dark-bay horse, mr flecked with foam, having galloped for at its least five miles at the top of his speed On with the excited hall-:lad girl upon his tlh back. 0o It was the work of a moment for Ben sta to seize the bridle and hold the animal's gid head, while Susan dropped, rather than sid dismounted, into her aunt's outstretched of arms, and, overcome by her previous O emotions, burst into tears. " Good gracious !" cried the good me woman, altogether scared, "whatever km does it all mean 1' tex " I've been robbed, aunt ! 0, dear ! all bir the money's gone !" and she sobbed still sop more. sir "Poor girll" said Ben affectionately, to seeing the girl's almost fainting condition. hat " Come indoors, Susy." con Her aunt led her into the kitchen, and me Ben, though as curious as a kitten, knew ths enough about horses to see that the one ord he held must not be allowed to stand with Mo his flanks reeking from recent exertion; par so lie led him off to the stable, and having wo fastened and covered him well up, he re- a n turned to the house as quickly as his legs Oss could carry him. me At this moment all were startled, as old con Jerry came bungling into the yard with a I clattering ungainly gallop, stripped of his ah usual accoutrements. He male his own of I way to the stable; and Ben, entering the to I kitchen, found Susan sitting by his grand- to I father in the chimney corner, while she He recounted the adventure she had met Riu with. "Ben was right, you see, and I did dot meet a highwayman," she said, as her Big, spirits began to return. "But I am so are grieved to have lost your money." gat " What does it matter, so long as you're no0 safe, my dear 1" said old Mr Dale, patting tut her hand. " Why, the horse you were riding is me worth more than what you have lost, I'll lati be bound," cried Ben. "It's a beauty, the grandfather ! What a clever trick you ad, played in riding him off, Susy ! But why the was he so vexed about the saddle ? Why, we of course, he thought there was money in ICE it. That's where robbers hide their on plunder. I'll be bound there's something the in his saddle. I'll go and fetch it. thu Hurray !" to Off ran the lad, and calling one of the Th men, desired him to unsaddle the animal Pa and groom him down immediately. Eg The saddle, when removed, proved too Ms Sir: heavy for Ben to carry into the house, and an old Mr Dale, who had followed him to see Gc the horse, aided him to bring it in. They an laid it on the kitchen table, and com- to menced searching it all over. tin In the padding they found bank notes the amounting to two hundred pounds, and' del from an artfully-concealed leather lining, wa under the saddle flaps, golden guineas o'c poured out in incredible numbers on to an the table. me "0 my eye !" cried Ben. "Why, Susy, do you're the robber, after all !I at " 0 don't, Ben !" said Susan, beginning tor to cry. The astonishment of the old people was th unbounded. They went on counting and res counting till they arrived at the sum of aer one thousand pounds, and they looked ref from one to the other, scarcely crediting sq their senses. " Well !" exclaimed old Mr Dale, " the th first thing to be done is to give this up to bu the proper owners. Susan's nothing to to do with it, nor have we. But I think it's hr our duty to inform the patrol where they we are likely to find yonder ruffian. De- de prived of his horse, he cannot proceed far we from the spot, and Susan may as well coi have any reward that the Government fri may be ready to give; and this fellow is th very likely to be the man who robbed the to Yorkshire coach t'other day. They Or offered a hundred pounds to those that an find him." in1 " 0 pray don't,,grandfather- pray don't o let rie be the cause of his being taken "'fr cried Susan imploringly. wI " Nonsense, my dear I" replied the old pc man; " when the path of duty ini straight thi and clear before you, you must walk op Ts it, though it's hard and unpleasant. You eh Idunit ivishi yonder thief to take more tls money, do your, from those perhaps that to can ill spare it 1" IWithout delay, Mr Dale despatchsed a nr mass with a full description of the robber, st and inetructiosis to the patrol as to the ei likelihood of hsis being in the neighbour- w hood, and early the next msorning a search as was set on foot in all directions by the pi otlicials at Hazietons. wv Within three days the notorious thief. b Bob Reeve (for such was his real name; 9 and thamt by which lie was known en the ( road), was taken. The patrol had been onh hsis track since his attack on the Yorkshireh -coach, and had iso difficulty in securing the 0 villain when furnished by Mr Dale with the particushars of Su~san's rancontre with l Shim, and her description of his person. ,He was lodged in Greystone gaol, and t dwas shortly after convicted and executed. a The money forind hi the saddle was dulyt e handed over to Government, who offered it half the reward set ons the man's head to d Susan. She, however, could riot bring p , herself to accept it, but asitreated that she might keep the robber's horse Wild Il fire. This, after much correspondence se and deliberation, asoe was permitted to do, id to liar great. satisfaction, as she regarded in the beautifrsl assimal as the cause oilier it escape fromi danger, and perchance death. sn The money found on the highwayman was restored to Mr Dale, and poor th Siusais's mind was therefore relieved on sas this point. sat She nmerried before long a farmer irn the lor neighbourhood, and never ventured to ed isarket again. ed Ben wvas irs due time invested with the of losngad.for dignity of selling the farm pro >ut duce. He failed to encounter any gentle 2pt mars of-thre road, and, as Isis grandfather imsd often told- him, it was too much to expect ide two oust of the seni1e family to mbet atia b'ed olhtivit a hrglidaymuin. 