: The occurrences which have rcconlly taken placo in tho city should induco tho Govern ment to introduce an Amending Licensing Act ns soon ns possible after Parliament rc- asBomblcs. There are two things which havo been proved — one being that men may bo plied with drink to nn unlimited cxtont in iconsod houses ; nnd tho other, that under tbo law, ns it stnnds, tho polico are prnoticnlly powerless so long ns death does not confer upon them a special right to interfere. No thing short of a coroner's inquest can touch landlords who feast and fatten on the drunken ness of their victims. The police may know that an unfortunato man is being murdered under tho provisions of tho law, but the most they can do is to keep outside of tho hotel, and, U4444W W44U Jjiuuuoa VI |JuiDUiinj£j JS Jjumg surely and sometimes not slowly on, issue a summons against the landlord. If the subject of the publican's operations, during a lucid in terval — if he is permitted to have one — informs a constable that ho lies been robbed, there is an opportunity given for direct interference, but it very seldom happens that any such information is given. It occasionally occurs that a man does shake his senses together, and discover that ho is being " stuck up;" but as a rule they do not make tho discovery until their money is all gone, and they are so stupiGcd with drink that thoy know nothing about how it went. It is a remark able fact that the " Licensed Sale of Liquor" Act, whioh has been in force since 1862, con tains no special provision for punishing pub licans who supply either draaken men, chil dren, or aborigines with drink. There is a general clause amder which a fino not exceed ing £10 may be inflicted for allowing " any 'drunkenness or other disorderly cpnduct," hd it may bo that the authorities have been remiss. in putting this provision of tho Act into operation. It doos not,, howeror, meet the necessities of extreme , . cases, snch as those which have recently attracted so mach public , attention. Bo long as no con stable or officer of police cap enter a hotel to find out. for himself what is going on, any amount of drankenness may bo permitted by the landlord, and bo indulged in by his victims without thero being any direct legni means of obtaining such information as wonld' piecuro a conviction in tho Polico Court. .The penalty attached' to - permitting drunkenness juiqai& 'uequatquto tliQ offenoo.-According to law| pgjndlordnaygivo , q; -customer aA muclwftttffjk "as £ka''>Jjitter cat'es for,' ana unless the drunkard - dies in -(tho house under suspicious circamatances, or so soon after' leaving ' it that -his death; can be connected with his dobauoh, the maximum puniBbmeht which'cdn'tie inflicted is the .£10; fine. And the lav expressly provides iliat a landlord can fleece as many drunkards as he can keep drunk to whatever extent their money will .go, and as frequently as he gets the opportunity, upon payment of that nmount or a smaller sum, it being optional with the magistrates whether they impose a penalty of 18\. or £10 — bat they cannot go above the latter, amount. If an unscrupulous landlord gets hold of n man with a considerable sum of money it suits him well to run the risk, for should-hc he fined £10 he can afford to, pay it out of the plunder. It is provided in the Act that at the annual licensing meeting the police' mny object to tho renewal of his license, but the chances of its being refused on such a ground alone are very remote, thero not being a case onrecord, perhaps, when such a punishment followed this particular offenco of plying drunken men with drink. But assuming that such has been tho care, it is a roundabout way of thus punishing an offence which should be dealt with promptly; nnd one of the most commendable clauses in the Bill whioh Sir Henry Parkes introduced during the last Parliament was aimed straight at landlords who thrivo on tho filthy lucre picked out of tho pocketB of drunken men. Tho clause 'provided that — If tho holder of any_ license for the sale of liquor shall, on any par£ of his licensed premises or their appurtenances, supply liquor to any person then in a state of intoxication, ho shall' for tno first offence bo liable to a penalty not less than two nor more than five pouncfe, end for any subsequent offence to a penalty of not less than ten nor more than twenty pounds, and in tho latter case to the forfeiture of his license. It may be presumed that it was intended under this clauso to give tho Licensing Bench the- power to cancel the license forthwith without giving tho day's or week's or month's grace involved in waiting for the annual licensing mooting ; but to prevent nny quib bling and make the clauso unmistakably effective, it wonld bo as well to have this explicitly stated in the Bill which will no doubt be introduced during the coming Bession. Of course, with out tho. power of inspecting hotels, evon tho clause we have quoted could bo evaded, but tho Bill provided that " any justice, sunerin- " tendent, inspector, or sub-inspector of police, !' or any inspector appointed under this Act, "or any constable authorised in writing," were to linve the power to enter Any hotel at any hour, " day or night," and if admittance were refused, they could " break into tbo " premises." This appears to bo nn arbitrary authority to confer upon police officers, and no doubt if Sir Henry Parkes retains it in his next Bill, ns wo trust ho will, tho old argu ments agninBt it will bo repented. Ho will bo told that overy man's liouso is his castle, nnd that a policeman has no moro right to enter tho hotel of a publican than he has to intrudo into the residence of the Premier. This is, however, nil clnptrap, and is not resorted to in the interest of reputable hotel-keepers. No mnn who conducts his hotel respectably need bo afraid of any intru sion on the part of tho polieo authorities ; and if such landlords are to be protected from tbo stigma of being engaged in the same business with men who are unfit to hold a license, that can only bo secured by giving the police full power to ferret tbo latter out, and purge the trndo of those who disgraco it. As we re marked at starting, this question should bo ono of tho first submitted to Parliament after it meets. If it is delayed, as it bos hitherto been, to make way for what may be considered more important business, tho probability is that it will bo squeezed out tdtogether, and to ensure success tbo liquor licensing question should ucuiu uiiu Dtqimuiuiy. j.u mix puoitcans licenses up with those of pawnbrokers and pedlars, as was done in the Bill formerly in troduced, would only complicate matters, and endanger tho passing of an Act to regulate the trade and abolish tho flagrant abuses which now appertain to it. Tho opposition in tho House of Commons to tho Anglo-Turkish Convention, for which history will always hold the late Lord Bea- conBfield responsible, is based upon two entirely distinct grounds, although it proceeds from parties who are acting together, and wo believo are likely to do so. The main ; point in tho opposition is directed to tho acquisition of Cyprus, which, there is littlo doubt, paved tho way to tho practical conquest by tho French of Tunis. Indirectly it led to tho angry feeling amongst tho Italians at both England and Franco becoming greator Mediterranean Powers, whilst Italy, which thoy believe ought to bo mistress in those waters, remains exactly as she was. Tho distinction between tho two parties to tho opposition is to bo found in tho wiBh to annul tho Convention by tho more radical portion of tho party, and tho feeling in tho other that even objectionnblo treaties or conventions, solemnly entered into, must not bo played fast and ; looso with. For weal or for woo Cyprus is being held by tho British, and held it must be. That is Mr. Gladstone's belief. But if cither he or any ono else should be asked to tell of what earthly uso Cyprus is, or will be, both would be alike puzzled. It was probably mixed up in Lord Benconsficld's mind with vast great ness of future policy, which mny or may not bo over taken up and followed out. It- may havo been with hitn ono step towards the liberation of Palcstino from Moslem rule. Directly tho terms of the Convention were mndo known, thero was a revival in the pub lic mind of the project for tho Euphrates Valley railway, which would materially shorten tho road to India. But those nro matters which do not trouble tho heads of Lord Benconsficld's suc cessors. To them it is simply a legacy bequeathed, and, from their point of view, un- welcomo. It is very much like a white ele phant. Very likely, as Mr. Gladstone would seem to lonr, n is snouiu do linnucd back to Turkish misrule, tho last state of the Cypriote would bo worso than the first. To us, at a distance, it is n problem. Wo havo reud accounts of tho island from men possessing both ability nnd experience, who wrote of it as a plague-strickon, unwholesome, barren, deso late, and useless placo. Sir Garnet Wolscley, who was in command there, wroto of it in very hopeful language. But the moral of the debntotbnt has taken place in tho Commons on the subject is, that to both Cyprus and Ar menia tho British Government is committed ; and, whilst Cyprus will bo governed very much more fairly than it has been, sight will not bo lost of the claims which the Armenians have to a release froni the extor tion of tho corrupt Turkish govornors, whose arbitrary and iron sway they have 60 long groaned under. How successful tho British Cvovernraent'raay be in makiug things better for the Armonians is very questionable. Sir Austin Lnyard demanded reform from the Porte in bis imperious maimer, but with- out success. He was succoedod at Con-' atantiuoplo by Mr. Goschen, who left things very much as he found them. Two British Commissioners, of whom Sir H. Drummond Wo'olfe was the energetic principal, h'hvo laboured in . Arraonia, but without result. Earl Dufferin is generally credited with being 'able, by- suavity combined with firmness, to manage most men, but we opine he will find the Pashas, very impracticable subjects. Time will-tell. -If he-be a reformer of more than 40- horso power ho will find- full scope for tho whole of his abilities. Not that the Turk ie so vory . much worse than some of his neigh bours. The subjects of the Czar havo been 'so horribly wronged and misorably governed, that flesh and blood c9uld stand it no longor, and. they -'determined to murder him. Tho averago Mussulman has had easier times of itj than the. averago Russian. But Turkish Pashas and governors have grown up under a rotten, efiete, cruel, extortionate, and despotic system, and it will be very hard to ' divorce them from the evil of their ways., Por Cyprus, immediately under British' rule, there must be hope. To surrender the island at the present time, when the seeds of reform have simply been planted," and have not had time to bring forth fruit, would be absolute cruelty. The prospect . . in Armenia, how ever, |b darker by many shades. Tho Irish qtiestion is a difficulty which has long perplexed' the most astute statesmen, bnt if tho advice of Mr. John Bright is followed, it will not trouble them so much in the future. He advocates the wholesale emigration of the Irish to America, nnd expresses the opinion, accord ing to our San Francisco telegraphic advices, that if the British Government grant free pas sages, half of the population will leave Ireland. It is of course quite possiblo that they may do so, though the disposition of tho people is not to forsake their homes. In no nation in tho world are the people more attached to tho soil than they nro in Ireland, and if it be true that half the population is willing to leave, the condition of the country must be deplorable . to the last degree. Ireland, undoubtedly, is overpopulated, and thero cannot be two opinions that it would be better for those who go away, as well as for those who remain nt home, if a considerable proportion of tho population were to emigrate. But why, in tho name of all that is reasonable, should they be deported to America? We ore not amongst those who hold that all wisdom is bound up in tho system of taxing our own people to provide free passages for others ; but if England is going to " pay the piper," she might retain her own subjects and benefit her colonies by bringing them here. Wo have millions of acres of waste lands waiting to bo cultivated, and the industry of tbo Irish would contribute to onr prosperity as a colony, as well as to the benefit of tho immigrants individually. In this respect Mr. Gladstone's Bill is superior to the policy of Mr. Bright, for it provides that " the Land Commission shall be empowered " advanco money to aid emigration to tho " British colonics." There is no necessity, therefore, for Irishmen to lose their nationality in changing their homes. Whether tho " aid" alluded to will cmbraco a freo passago, or whether it will only cover n portion of the cost, wo nro_ not aware ; but whichever way it is, thero is no very strong disposition evinced in Ireland to take advantago of it. On tho con trary, tho latest advices state that tho pcoplo regard tho emigration clauses of the Bill as penal. It is difficult, therefore, to see what grounds Mr. Bright lias for the faith that is in him respecting tho exodus thero would bo to America if free passages were provided. Divided or mistaken counsel has made the wreck of tho Queen of Nations a much worso matter than it might lmvo been lind a master mind been at the head of affairs. Tito lucky ship seems to havo been pursued with bad fortuno from the beginning to tho conclusion of Iter voyage, and it haunted her unto the bitter end on Friday night. Tho master had not sighted land for many weeks ; lie is said to have been incapable of seeing it very clearly even if it find been but a few ship's lengths ahead of him ; and when he saw the light of the slack fires at the Mount Iveira coal pits, ho steered for them, believing that ho had tho flashing lights on Sydney Heads before him. When tho vessel struck there was something very like pnndemoniuin on board, and a man was drowned, who, if the ship had been pro perly. officered, might havo boon alive nt the present time. We presume that the non- recovery of his body prevented an inquest being held, after which tho captain might have been charged with an offenco entailing a severer penalty than carelessness and drunkenness do before the Marino Board. But when the vessel was really hard and fast in the sand, within three or four hundred yards of the shoro, not an hour should havo been lost in taking energetic measures for tho recovery of her cargo. In this case, at least, in tho liiiuLiiuuu ut counsellors tnero was not wisdom. In the first instance n prompt snlo was resolved upon. Evcryono familiar -with tho circum stances which usually nttend tho salo of the cargo of a wrecked ship wiH bo aware that _ a liberal nllowanco must bo made for risk, and that, as thero is tho possibility of lioavy loss, there must bo some prospect of largo gain. In this instance tho notice to soil was cancelled, tho beliof being, doubtless, that tho major proportion of tho cargo would bo re covered for tho consignees. Knowlodgo that a largo amount of hard and heavy cargo was on board, which would not bo much damaged by oxposuro to salt water, would havo weight in tliis decision. Thero appeared in tho manifest two to thrco thousand cases of brandy, a largo quantity of goods consigned to firms dealing in ironmongery, rails for tlie Pub lic Works Deparlmont, casks, drums, and hard ware. But tho mistake has boon in permitting moro than throo wooks to pass away with but littlo dono. Had tho wreck and cargo been sold, enterprising speculators would not havo allowed unemployed thno to slip away after so idlo a fashion. Tho loss of tho vessol was sovcro event, but it lias been mado worso ba the loss of life and cargo which has followed. In saving tho cargo of a wrecked vessel thoro is no timo liko tho present. Tho introduction of tho Football Association rules into Now South Wales bids fair to popu larise the great winter game and raiso it to tho level of a national sport. This timo lost year tho Association game was almost unknown in Sydney ; bnt it has mndo such progress that tho Association now boasts of several clubs, and its first team lias loft to enter upon a contest in Melbourne for intercolonial honours. Tho game is identical with thnt played in Victoria, South Australia, Tasmania, and Queensland, and tho matches will therefore ossuino a wider importance, than has hitherto been tho case. Tho Rugby gamo has its itd- inirers ; but as tho othor colonics do not play it, thero is no prospect of its over attaining more tlmn a local interest. Tho inconvenience of playing under a different sot of rules from the other colonies would ' always prevent any thing liko interesting rivalry, because the result of such matches would bo inevitable. Under tho Association rules, the Molboumo plnyeis would win ; under tho Rugby rules, Sydney would bo victorious. There could bo no such thing as an intercolonial match on oven terms. To remedy this, nnd also because of tho un doubted superiority of tho Association gumo, the rules have been assimilated, and wo may therefore look upon tho match to bo played on X'riday as the first of a long series of inter colonial contests. It would bo too much to expect tho representatives of this colony, who liavo not had a single season's practice at the game, to defeat their sturdy opponents ; but they will mako a plucky effort to do so, nnd what they loso in play they will gain in knowledgo, and so qualify themsolvos for moro evon contosts in tho' future. Our men may ho defeated, but if they are, it will bo no disgrace to them. Tho team is not tho strongest ono that could bo got together in Sydney, but it is tho_ best that could bo sent to'Molbourno, A variety of reasons crop up at tho last moment to prevent persons from undertaking so long a journey, and in this way tho team is deprived of somo of its more prominent members ; but those who . havo gone will show that with a little practice they will bo nblo to sustain tho credit of Now South Wales in the football fiold. It is quite probablo that when tho return match is played noxt month in Sydney, tho honours will bo oven, and it may reasonably bo hoped that every succeeding season will add to the chances of Now South WaloB coring a victory. Tho Animals'. Protection Sooioty is ono of tho most , usoful institutions of tho kind in tlie colony, and lias a much wider field for its operations than most people are aware of.' It must not be supposed. that ..the. limit" of its good work is reached in tho fow.Polico. Court prosecutions which are occasionally heard of. Thoy form the least important, though perhaps tho most disagreeable, portion of tho'duty of tho indefatigiblo inspector. In illustration of this,- wo may allude to tho caso of Mr. anil Mrs. Kcotes. Savon or eight days ago thoy were sent into quarantine, after which tho house was bolted and barred, and a constablo put on duty at a respectful -distanco to seo that no ono went nenr tho infectod tenement. But it so happoncd that two birds nnd about thirty fowls wore shut up in the quarantined promises' with "no one to look after thoir creature comforts, nnd when Mr. Dempster discovered them yesterday the unfor tunato chickons were but tho ghost of what thoy used to bo. One bird had lost all its feathers, aijd the othor had grown so'fuint that' it couldi barely. articulate tho name of ' tho' child who was accustom to febd it,'- Que object, however, is not to work up sympathy on tho subject of cluckeu3. but to point out that the impromptu quarantine regulations might have been more effective and les3 cruel' than they wcr®- " the- chickens had been cats they would have been more sociable, and would pos sibly nave sought their, daily bread in other people s houses. . We are not prepared to say whether cats would carry infection, but it would be better in sucli coses to err on the safe side, and put them all in quarantine. Onr cable messnge'records the occurrence of a disastrous railway accident in Mexico on Sunday, A train filled with passengers was thrown into the nver Oaartela (?) resulting in the immediate death ot 200 persons. The French Government has received intelligence from Tnnis that a rising of iu na,tiv0 tribesi directed against tho French and other foreigners, bad commenced, and was assuming considerable importance. This was causing a panic amongst the European population. The Turkish Government had commenced the evacuation of tbo territory recently ceded to Greece, and it is expected to be completed nt an early date. An Auckland message says that from New York for Melbonrne 10,300 cases of kerosene had been lPPetl i for Sydney, 2, GOO ; and for Adelaide, 2000\. From Boston,, for Melbonrne, 8000 cases ; for Brisbane, 3300 cases ; and via Sydney, 5000 cases. ' Tho session, which opens on Tuesday next, pro mises to be one of the busiest which has been held for some yeare, and should tho Ministry succeed in carrying even the greator portion of their mea sures, it will grove ono of the mo3t fruitfnl on record in legislative results. Bills have been drafted dealing with a number of important ques tions, amongst which are measnres affecting Chinese immigration, public vaccination, the navi gation laws, nnd the land laws. Besides these and other measnres of importance to bcintrodnccd! the Parliament will have to discuss tho Looni Government Bill brought in by tho Premier last session, and respecting which mnch difference of opinion appears to exist amongst members of tho Assembly. The Bill relating to Chinese immigra tion, we understand, will be found an elaborate mea sure, providing innumerable safeguards against the invasion of these shores by herds of Tartars nnd Mongolians, Tho quarantine ByBtcm is to be per petuated and rigidly enforced under nil circum stances in the cases of ships arriving from Chinese porta, and provision will bo made for the prevention of overcrowding in those parts of the city in which Chinese already in the colony take up their abode. Tho Bill dealing with vaccination is to bo untitled the Pharmacy Act, and, besides rendering vaccina tion compulsory, will provide extensive powera by tho exercise of which the civic authorities will he enabled to protect the public health. Should the Btate of .parties during the session remain such as to accelerate the work, there will be reason to look for some important and much-needed legislation. Years ago there was nothing new about a report that another earthquake had been experienced in New Zealand. Fortunately they have been lately of rare occurrence ; but on Sunday morning some of tho oldest inhabitants of Wellington and Wnn- gnnnl must have had " the good old times " forcibly recalled to their recollections. A sharp nnd severa shock was experienced in the southern portion of tho Northern Island nnd in the northern portion of the Middle Island. No serious damage seems to hare occurred. A few chimneys toppled over, the ceiling nnd plastering of many houses gave way, and crockery and glassware oamo to grief. Tlie earthquake was felt on tho whole line of country from Wanganui, in the North Island, to Chrisl- cbnrch, in the Middle Island. Thero havo been many jokes about earthquakes in New Zcaiund, hut this was evidently past u joka. Yesterday morning the Colonial Treasurer re ceived a telegram from Dr. Caffyn statine that Mrs. Hughes and her infant child were suffering from small-pox. The mother had become inoccu- latcd through suckling tho child ; both patients were isolated without delay. Dr. Hodson, in making liia rounds of inspection, has found that chicken-pox is very prevalent in the eitv nnd suburbs. He discovered six cases of this kind on Sunday. Tbo prospect of taking much more cargo from tho wreck of tbo Queen of Nations is getting smaller everyday, if it is not beautifully less. The railway iron and hardware are expected to mako graves for themselves in the sand, and even if they were on a hard bottom, the prospect of recovering them, owing to the heavy surf, would be very seriously affected. A large amount of the brandy UUU.U ovwi. 4/v imiu UlUfkUU UUU IUC UUflCQ has been strewn with bottles washed ashore. According to our correspondent's report, there would seem to be n fine field open at Wollongong for the Good Templars, Rechabitcs, disciples of Father Matthew, and other brethren of that ilk. The Bbore was frequented on Sunday by nnmhors of persons who went, apparently, with the laudable intent of getting drunk. They stole tho brandy bottles, nnd Bhed tears over tho wreck, till thoy wero pounced upon by tha police authorities. Five inebriates, who loved tho liquor not wisely but well, showed themselves at the Police Court yes terday morning, and were advised by tho magis trates to put in a further appearance on Friday. . Sufiioient importance has been attached in New castle to a rumour that Mr. G. A. Lloyd, one of the members for that city, is likely to succeed Mr. Duncan as Collector of Customs, to bring one can- didato, Mr. J. O. Ellis, who was defeated nt the last election, into the field. He says that, if thero should bo a vacancy, ho will be nominnted, nnd will go to. the poll. Mr. Lloyd was . Treasurer in Bir H. Parkes' administration thieo or four years ago, and his acknowledged ability and great commercial experience would no doubt qualify him to fill tho position mentioned in connection with his namo. We are informed, however, thnt thu Government havo not yet determined what they will do respecting tho matter. The pith of both sides of tho Oxford- street tramway question, ns stated by the townspeople of that thoroughfare, will be found in another column. It will bo seen that the result of an important inquiry shows that tho Government nre following the wishes of tho majority of tho shopkeepers in laying tho second line, to say nothing of the unanimous desiro of tho community nt large that the work should bo completed. At the same time, there is no doubt that individual cases of hardship have been tho ontcomo of the running of the motors, nnd carriage traillo may ho expected to suffer still more when thero is twice ns much of the steam locomotion. The whole controversy lies between those who thrive by the custom of "those who keep conchmen and thoso who do not. Yesterday nfternoon, tlie committee- of the City. Railway Extension movement, appointed at the meeting held in the Chamber of Commerce on the 10th inst., held its first meeting to consider the necessary steps to bo taken to secure a large nnd influential deputation to wait upon Mr. Lackey, the Minister of Public Works. The following gen tlemen were present:— The Hon. J, B. Wntt, M.L.C., nnd Messrs. Alexr. Stuart, M.L.A., John Young, T. Robertson, Robt. Jones, W. M'Millan, F. Martin, M.L.A., Dr. Belgrave, Angus Cnmeron, M.L.A., W. II. I'igott, M.I, .A., and. W. T. Poole, M.L.A.' Apologies wero received from Messrs. G. H. Keid, M.L.A., K. A. Joseph, and Dr. Itenwick, M.L.A. After considerable discussion it was de termined that in order not to hamper in nny way the itction of tho Government, no specific route should ho urged; hut that tho Minister should bo acquainted with tho general resolution passed almost unanimously at tlie previous meeting, mac ie was ticstrawe thnt tho railway should bo extended into tlie city in such a way ns (o com bine in the most feasible and economical manner both tlie goods nnd tho passenger traffic. A sub committee was appointed to issue circulars aud to make arrangements for further proceedings. It is expected that the deputation will interview the Minister on or nbout Friday, 8th prox. Dr. Dansey wns again besieged nt the Town Hnll yesterday by anxious mothers desirous of having their children vaccinated. There is a larger supply of lymph on hand now than has been pro- vionsly tho case, owing to tlie return of matter from those previously vnoainatcd ; but still there is not sufficient to keep pace with tho demand. It is desirable that people wishing to be vaccinated should not visit the Town Hall in too large num bers, at least for the present. \- Thoro was a crowded attendance at tho weekly meeting of the School of Arts Debating Socioty last night, when the discussion on the question of Homo Rule for Ireland, which had been twice ad journed, was again resumed. Mr. Maclean, J.P., pre sided. The lender of the club (Mr. A.J. Smith) had moved — ."That tho concession of local self-govern ment is the best remedy for tbo disturbed state of Ireland"— and during tho three nights over which iuu ucuiuu uxieuuuu zo speecnes were ucuverea upon the subject,' most of .which evinced consider able debating power on tho part of the apeskcrs, besides indicating a lively interest in tho affairs of Ireland. Tin) speakers in favour of tlie motion Inst night were Messrs. J. Irvine, P. J. Gandon, Captain J. .Brown, and Mr. A. J. Smith, tho opponents boing Messrs. H. Pntcson, R. E, Melville, E. W. Foxnll, J. A, Moubray, and J. Banning. Owing to tho lateness of the hour at whioh tho debato termi nated, a considerable number of speakers left before the division, which resulted in tho rejection of tho motion by a majority of. one, tho numbers being 22 to 21. Tbo subject for discussion next Monday evening is Chinese Immigration, notice of a motion condemning the present agitation having been given. Passengers by vessels from the southward, dnr ing the last t;vo or three days, havo enjoyed the unusual sight of masses of snow lying among the mountains in tho Shoalhnven district. Although tbo snn shone out brightly on Sunday last, it did not seem much to affect tho snow deposits, The afternoon services at Bt. Andrew's Oathednl, which at present aro attracting immense congrega tions to that; snored edifice, nlthough evidently highly appreciated by many thousands of poopln .iivthis city, arp.not exactly, according. to the taste of, two moinbeirs bf the. Synod, Messrs. Bond a'nd Coffins, who oapb lost evening spoke (||sparsjinp!y these by auction on hoard the vessel on J&ay; ®/?i®fo "neereationaT'Ex- was Xge3 attendance it SrtTllproeeed rags appears elsewhere. prccced- orrrl6nthl? esc?Ft from Temora brought awav ounces of gold this week. A goldfield thnt- CMaWnZ trough tho regulnrTannel ovel aMy to the Pjwof engaging the seven or eigbf irv«nt girla on hire from the ship Clyde. The races ranged from 8s to 10s, and the girls were all hired within a few minutes. At Fort Macqnarie half", dozen men were hired for the country and the re mainder sent to their friends. 117 ana tBe lrA Pul?lio meeting wns held in tho Glebe Town SSL DB' whi?h considerable discussion !?h£hPi, ' C.n£ermi!g„ tho Glebo tramway route, which has just been defined by Government. The first motion, proposed by Mr. H. E. Maxed, was to the effect that any deviation from the route just th» 'ro' 2 fVPn 8buld considered inexpedient by i? w i? B' F motln was seconded by Mr. J. 1 . and supported at length by Mr. Percv hcCu'tar following amendment was proposed by Alderman Elphinstone and seconded by Mr D Moses, J.P.:— "That in the opinion of this meeting te routc taU not para through Derwcnt-strect to fat. John s-road. A division was called for, re- nai motioif m8J0rity o£ tno in favour o£ th« origi- n riafeetiing wa9 .M1 00 thc railway platform at on Saturday afternoon to consider the contemplated line of tramway from one of tlie three railway stations mentioned on the southern wiV ? watcr,lvork3 at Prospect. Alderman Whitaker propounded a scheme to lay down a lino from the Guildford station, passing through those parts of the district known as the Church and bebool Estate, Sherwood, Woodlands, via Smith- field, all of which were daily growing in import- ance. It was easy and cheap to construct, acd would meet the requirements of all by affording accommodation to a greater number of perrons than a tramway, either from Merryiands or Fair- field, would do. It was also pointed out that if continued in n direct line to Rookwood, it would pass through the centre of, and open up, a largo suburban district, round which the railway made a wido detour. At tho Water Police Court, yesterday, Messrs. M'Lcan nnd Penfold were occupied till a late hour in the further hearing of the case against John Cocks, licensee of tho European Hotel, who is charged with tho manslaughter of Peter Buckley Mr. Roberts, instructed by Mr. Williamson, op. pearcd for tho defence. The evidence of the two nurses who attended on Buckley after his admis- Bion to the Infirmary, and a man named Aitken, who watched him while lie was suffering from de lirium tremens, having been taken, the accused was further remanded until to-morrow (Wednesday) at 10 o'clock, when tho defence will be commenced. . The Church of England Diocesan Synod meet ing, held last evening, was very fully attended. Alter several notices of motion had been given, Mr, Clarendon Stuart moved thu adjournment .of the House for the purpose of calling attention to the article in tho Sydney Daily Telegraph com- tjj tnenting upon his motion with respect to the im- H propriety of clergymen belonging to the Church taking part in religious meetings called by Dissen ters. Mr. Stuart said that he thoroughly cnioied the article, though he objected to such critici-ms appearing in the Press, bnt ho was ruled out of otder in re-opening the debate that had already taken place on the subject. A long nnd interest ing discussion took place with respect to givin" religious instruction in public schools, during which it w„s stated thnt Mr. Lattv, wiio was specially engaged in that duty within the rural deuiicry of Camden, vi.-itod regularly eight school?, containing in all 200 children, and that he p.iid 12 visits in tne week to these rchools, travelling 100 miles to do so. The Very Rev. the Dean of Syd ney bore testimony to tho beneficial results of giv- ing religious instruction in public schools, tho moral tone of which was greatly improved thereby. He desired to seo tho laity encourage and support tlie efforts whioh wero made by tho clergy to ele vate and improvo the young, and regretted that so little assistance had been afforded them in tho accomplishment of this useful work, Tho Rev. John Fleming Moran, of Camden, informed the Church Synod last evening that tho rise nnd rapid growth of larrikinism was clearly traceable to the discouragement given to religious instruction in tho Public Schools. He had given some attention to the subject, and had convinced himself at ieast that this great evil, 60 prevalent in cities, was tho direct result of tho non-teachingof the principlce of religion, and consequent disregard of authority on tho part of the young, who in many places were growing up without the benefits of religious instruction, the fruits of which policy were every day more and more apparent. Tho steamers Wokatipn and Hero, bcloneing'to the Union line, arrived from New Zealand yester day, and tho agents of tho company decided to take tbo risk of ordering them alongside, and loading them with passengers nnd cargo as usual for tho porta they trade to. The risk is not very serious, we believe, and tho agents aro to be com mended for assuming the responsibility they have done. If the steamers had been ordered to New castle or Melbourne, non-infected ports, the course of trado would hnvo been diverted, and the eventual loss might have been considerable. The steamers will remain hero nearly three days, and it is to ho hoped that by that time, as Sir Henry Parkes has telegraphed to the other colonies that this port is cienn — no new case of small-pox having M been declared in the city for several days, and only H two or three, not of very great eonsequeoce, having H occurred at tlie Quarantine Station — the New Zea. H land authorities will have removed tlie ban they H hare placed upon vessels which load from Sydney, H Another corroborative nnd authoritntivo message B from the Government would very likely have the fl desired effect, B At the Water Police Court, yesterday, a young B man named John Williams was charged before fl Mesars. Marsh, P.M., and Vincent Brown with B illegally using a horse and buggy, value £60, tha fl property of William Kinsela. The prosecutor left B his horse nnd buggy outside his premises iu B Oxford-street while he went inside, and on his H coming out again it was miBsing. The prisoner H and two other men were subsequently seen by the H prosecutor driving tho boggy in Cleveland-street. B The caso was remanded till Monday, with the B object of apprehending thu men with whom pri- B soner was ecuii, B At tlie Wntcr I'olico Court, yesterday, before fl Messrs. Marsh. nnd O'Connor, Thomas Williams B was charged with stealing a quantity of brass- fl fittings, the property of Alexander. M'Leotl. It B nppeured from the evidence of tlie apprehending B constable, thnt on Saturday evenino Inst he fl observed prisoner carrying n bug in George-street, B Iu answer to his enquiry ns to where he got them, B prisoner said lie got them from a man on a ship on B the Circular Quay, who naked him to sell them for fl him. Prosecutor having identified tho brass- fl fittings as bis property, the prisoner was sentenced ' H to two months' imprisonment with hard labour. H The lad Jnrae3 Jefferey, 15 years old, who wns so H seriously injured on Friday afternoon Inst, the 24th H Instant, througli a heavy stone falling on bis head fl whilst he was nt work on a building in course of H erection at tho corner of George and Goulburn_ 9 streets, died yesterday morning at tho Infirmary,' H He bad been in an unconscious state ever since bis |fl admission into tho institution. The Coroner will fifl hold nn inquest to-day at bis office, near the Bis- H trict Court, H The attachment of dogs to their masters has fl formed the theme of many a charming tale, but HI the affection borne by masters towards their canine H friends has rarely been deemed worthy of the at- HI tention of storytellers. At tbo Central Polico HI Court yesterday, a man named John M'Glincby jfl exhibited strong regard for a bull terrier, which |B had been his sole companion in many a weary bush HI tramp. M'Glincby sued James Carroll for unlaw- 1 fully detaining the animal in question, placing its |fl valuo at £10. The complainant stated that be had Era reared tho dog from a pup and took it up oountry. |B Upwards of three years ago, when ooming from HI Newcastle to Sydney, in the stoamcr Morpeth, a ffl Eailor remarked, that, owing to the rough GB weather, tho dog was likely to bo washed KB overboatd, and offered -to tako charge of IB Iti till tho steamer's arrival in Sydney. Tho WE offer was accepted, but M'Glincby never set eyes jn on his dog from that timo until last Thursday Ujl week, when bo saw it in front of a store in Market- B street, of which defendant was proprietor. He M'Glinoby stated that ho loved the dog, as it had Ml saved his life several times in tho_ bush, and aes- WE cribed several marks upon it which were almost B undistinguisliublc. The defendant 6tatcd.tbat tlio HH bull-terrier hnd been given to him by his deceased HW father about four years ago. The Bench, consisting EH of Messrs. Alexander, Bull, and traser, considered that the complainant had established his title to 8H tho dog, and ordered tho defendant to .deliver it to W him by 12 o'clock to-day. |Bf Country visitors with a weakness for treating H strangers would do well to tako a warning from tlie case of David Mooro, of East Maltland, Moore W arrived in Sydnoy on Saturday morning, and pro- H cocded to tho Paris Boarding-house, llnrtet-street, Bl where lie (ell in -with .-two men named Frederick W Seale and Cornelius Mortimer, whom boappearB.to HI have frafofQisKl wjtlii Seals wksd bbe '®10 '-vH a shilling, and the two proceeded to the Governor Bourke Hotel, at the corner of Susses and Market streets. Wbere Moore called for drinks, and pulled out a pound note and a shilling. Scale lmmedt- ately snatched the pound note, and made off, fol lowed by Mortimer. Moore ran after them, and, seeing Constable M'Intosb, called him. Mortimer eot away,- but M'Intosh succeeded in arresting Scale and took Mortimer into custody the following morning. The runner of the PariB Boarding-house deposed to having seen . Moore the .worse for liquor in company with the two prisoners. They were committed for trial at the next Quarter Sessions, bail being allowed, prisoners in their own recog nisances of £10 and two sureties of £20 each. In the Summons division of the Central Police . Court yesterday, Mr.' Vardy, solicitor, got himself into trouble. Mr. Crane intimated that he con sidered that an information in a case, in which. Mr. Yardy appeared, did not disclose the charge alleged in the summons. Mr. Vardy, in spite of repeated warnings, insisted that Mr. Crane was wrong. Mr. Crane, after allowing considerably more than due latitude, ilnally suspended Mr. Yardv from appearing in the court during the day. A man named Edward M'Kew, a baker, in May- street, was admitted to the Infirmary yesterday with a broken leg, which he stated bad been ennsed hv Ms wife throwing him ont'of a window. A boy named SamuelColeman, who is employed at Harper's mill in Duncan- street, was admitted to the Infirmary yesterday, his left arm having be come entangled in the mill machinery and com pletely crushed. ... The Fire Escape Corps held their usual weekly practice last night. There was a good muster of members. Captain Maginnis was in command. The premises of Mr. Keep, warehouseman, Barrack- Etreet, were operated upon, and some very smart work was done, which showed the members quite capable of using the fire escape efficiently in active service. The huge ladders were rapidly placed in position, and mounted. The canvas shoot was also cleverly experimented upon. Every man was on the alert, and knew his duty well. Mr. W. Pritchard will hold a vory important sale on Saturday, particulars of which appear ia our busi ness columns. Ho is instructed to offer 12 sections at Penrithville, faring five streets or more and three vennee. A special train will run on Saturday to the ground, tickets for which can he had at the auc tioneer's rooms. ' , An Alliance temperance meeting takes placo to morrow night at the Temperance Hall. Mri Alfred Allen lectures this evening on "Vacci nation" at the Protestant Hall. A meeting of the subscribers to the address pre- s»nted to the members of the late Council of Educa tion is convened at the Fort-street school for Satur- dav next, We havo received from Mr. George Robertson copies of Wilkie Collins' last novel, "The Black Robe," Black's " Sunrise," and a volume of poems by Gamet Walch, under the peculiar title of " A Little Messrs. Mills, Pile, and Gilchrist hold a great land sale this day, at their rooms, 114 Pitt-street. There Is a section at Rookwood, a subdivided block at Kiagsgrove, and a block of 10.J acrea at Middle HarBoor. They also sell residences at Faddington, Cook's River, Dandas , and Prospect. Messrs. Fraser and Go. announce the sale by auction at their rooms, on Wednesday, of the wreck of the barque Queen of Nations. They will also sell the same day, at Parbury's Bonded Stores, the cargo saved from the vessel. The auctioneers, Messrs. Mills, Pile, and Gilchrist, announce tfio salo this day of a fine residence in Fad dington ; a family . residence, with 1CJ ncrcs planted with orange trees, and 16 of grass land, at Dundas, adjoining Brush Farm. The same firm will also sell acottago at Marrickvillo. Messrs. Mills, Pile, and Gilchrist aunounca that they will sell this day, at their rooms, a subdivision of Macqnarie Park, consisting ef 93 acres, and subdivided into 93 lots, having frontages to the Old Prospect- road. They will also sell a block of nine acres, cleso to the Forest-road, and near to the marked line for tho Illawarra Railway. They announce, too, that they will offer 10J acres adjoining Clontarf, having 1000 feet of water frontage. 