[?] THE MYSTERY OF MAJOR MOLINEUX r BY MA&CUS; CLARKE. ? ♦— ? CHAPTEB^V.— (Continued.) A. VOICE -roused ins from my reverie. Major Molineux himself was at my side. 'Fayre,' said he, ' I have over heard the last words of your con* versation. I do not expect you to pay attention to the vulgar fancies oi an ignorant num. ±He story ot the wretched Jbeing who lies buried at your feet is neither part of my% history nor does it concern, my family. The romance which was fc sought to be woven around his name, and that of my, dear sister's husband has J-een long ago proved false, and it was perhaps the grati fication' of a desire to preserve from. derision, the last resting-place ? of a man more sinned against than sin ning which caused the report to first obtain circulation. When my niece came to live with me 1 caused the fence, which formerly sur-' rounded Arthur Savary's grave, to be removed, and, unless some chattering imbecile like old Bagally had informed her. of the story, this portion of the ? park possessed for her no more . interest . than any other. The phantasies of women are innumerable!' He spoke rapidly, and with some teat ? It was quite! evident that he expected a reply, and a direct one. ' No one, Major Molineux,' said I, 'is less ^superstitious than my self, but I have seen so much of what is termed ^uperstatioB: resolve itself into fact, that I am not pre pared to pronounce any fantasy of the imagination as wholly baseless. j_»u.u -uci-urc ttc prvueeu. iururcr, let me feel jsure of my ground. I came here only in my character as a phy sician in attendance upon a patient who hag .been made unavoidably your guest I find myself face to face with an extraordinary enigma — yourself. '. 'Your peculiar, studies, your secluded life, above all, your strange disappearance from all so ciety on one day in the week, have eombinedjip raise in me a curiosity which! cannnt jatifla- .What iafim mystery 'which darkens your life?' Major Moli|ieux -planted himself firmly on hig feet, and took- both my hands1 in his own; His face was deadly pale, and he. seemed, to b« nerving himself for a great efforts 'Do not turn from me. Do not shnn me.' h« said. ' ' FTnVl it. nnt hppn for your -persistence, I had never spoken.^ ? JSagaUytt right- One day in each week I am possessed by % devil.' ' Come, come,' said !I, a little shaken, despite my self-control, as the powerful old. man searched my eyemnth his, -'? therd*re many sorts of devils— devils , of wrath, and devils of discontent, and we all are now and then, at the mercy of such.3' ' Ay,' arid Major Molineoac^' tout «v* wu jjubdgbcksu, as - x am, oy — no, I cannot speak it, I could not repeat, nor could you listen to the tale. Forget what I have said, and ' —he .pressed my arm with pain ful violence — 'swear to mention to no living soul that which I have unguardedly betrayed.' ' A physician's lips are sealed without an oath,' said I. 'You may xeiy on jae. . auo. now x must see Miss Rochford/ Bet us go in.' He regained his self-possession before we reached the house, not during the day was the subjec again mentioned between us. I thought it better for the develop ment of the case to permit my patient— for so I now considered hiin-— to begin a confidence which I feared nught be withdrawn if. X aVHfi^MiaWBMaW #'' . V that I touched only on indifferent matters, he presided at dinner with his customary composure, and en tertained us all with the stores of a mind acquisitive 'of information and fastidious in the imparting of it. 'The old gentleman was never more amusing,' said Rochford, as I parted from ' him in tne hall. ' When we move, Beatrice, I'll ask hi™ to come to Ashmead; the change would do him good.' ' Ask him, by all means,' said I, 'andj will second your entreaties. If we can once break the chain of recurring events in his life we may give him another lease of it Our intrusion, unwelcome though it was at first, has already roused him into something like gaiety. Miss Roch ford should be well enough in a fortnight to be moved, for her case looks in every way favourable.' 'How can I ever repay you for your kindness ?' said Kochford. I knew a method by which he could repay me a thousandfold, but i did not think it wise to mention it at that moment Alas ! events soon occurred which rendered it impossible for me to ever ask that favour which I prized so highly. On Wednesday afternoon, Major Molineux begged to see me alone. He led the way to his library, carefully closed the door, and, after much prelude, began to talk about his malady. 'I wish to ask you,' said he, 'if it is possible for a man to be mad and know that he is mad?' 'There are different kinds of madness,' said I, feeling that I must speak with caution. ' An in sane man may have lucid intervals during which he reviews acts done during the period of his insanity, and condemns them. A man may have an uncontrollable impulse to commit a certain act — as to jump out of a window, for instance — and yet be quite conscious of the folly, and even wickedness, of his morbid promptings. I knew a case in India of a soldier who was seized with just such a morbid desire. He felt -comnelled to murder same one very near and dear to him, and at . last deserted in order to do it Arrived: in the town where the ntended victim lived, he absolutely had himself tied up by_the people oi the inn, until the proper authori ties could be sent for to Becure him. Some months afterwards the object of his morbid lust ^f6r blood died, and the man at once recovered. He describes his sufferings while resisting his impulse as terrible. Surely no devil worse than this could possess a man. And yet he could hardly be called mad.' 'You give me a few grains of comfort,', said Major Molineux, 'though I have no such fearful impulse as that which you describe. Every week, from ten o'clock 'on Wednesday night until ten o'clock on Friday morning, J am 4hei prey to the mos£ bestial and awful delu sion which it has entered into the mind of man to conceive. I know that the fault is in my own brain, and that I am but* the dupe of imagination. But where that fault lies I have sought in vain to find. Science brings' me no solace, and, though my sense laughs at my imagination, I dare not confront ?the hideous thing which my im agination has created to mock my sense.' ' Tou are not alone in your mis fortune, dear sir,' said I. ' There have been many men, haunted by pnamoms, wno. nave Jivea to mane them, but a source of amusement. The operation of ghost seeing is simple enough. We recall a land scape, which we have seen. We will it to return, and it is instantly present. That is to say that we project from us that which we wish to recall, and look at it, and listen to it, as if it were again external to us. An artist draws a dead face from memory, while a musician plays:- an air- ' forgotten -by - his hearers — the same effort too, of will, which recalled the lineaments of a corpse, and the notes of the opera, could people-a -house 'with ghosts, and nil the darkness /with the. voices of the dead. ' Ah,'; ;said'the J Ma$*; with: a sigh, 'mine is no such illusion as those which you have mentioned., No voices of angel or- of demon spqak to me. No faces, grotesque or {enchanting, present themselves to ; my gaze. My^ delusion j and' delusion it is, though sometimes I amj half persuaded of its truth, is so horrible, so damning, so fearful in its naked insistance of the beast in our fallen natures that I have been ^empted not once, but a hundred times, to set my spirit free from the soul-destroying bands which en wrap it.' He spoke with sober vehemence and appalling earnestness. ' That this feeling is part of the delusion I kn^w^bututhat^oes not make itmor* b**ra^e.' for nine years I have -«ndured a weekly agony compared with which 'the keenest torments of man's devising are as naught. In body and in soul I have suffered more than tongue can tell. Save' that my reason did not desert me, I should have speedily qualified myself for a place beside the poor wretch over, whose grave I confessed my secret ; and yet I ask you, can I lay claim to the possession of reason when I am the sport of an imagining so foul as that which torments me?' ' But,' said I, gently, 'you have not yet told me the nature of this delusion.' 'I dare not,' said Major Moli neux. ' You would quit the house. To no human ear can I speak the history of my unspeakable degra dation.' He rose suddenly. ' To»-mprrow is Thursday,' he said, ' come into my room to-night, and see what I dare not speak,' and he left me. Miss Rochford had regained con sciousness, and 'I hoped that the next few 'days would see her in a fair way of recovery. Mrs. Roch ford had laughed off her fears, and attributed, as I did, the visitant's face to a more mortal source than that of the wandering soul of a suicide. Rochford was in high spirits at the approaching depar ture, and even Mrs. Pennithome seemed less terrified than usual. I could not have had a more pro pitious hour 'for. the _ investigation of the mystery which, had baffled me, and I waited with -much anxiety for midnight, which — being about; the, time I had seen Bagally on the previous week — was, I thought* a customary hour with the Major for taking his oddly-timed meal. I was not amiss in my calcula tions. As the timepiece in the hall' rang out the hour, the old convict appeared with the tray. ' Your master has desired me to see him,' I said, 'and I will go up with you.' 'As you please,' said Bagally, roughly; ' but take care.' He led the way along the great corridor until he came to a double door. ' If he is not waiting on the other side,' said he, 'you'll be lucky,' and, opening a, slide ? in the panel, he pushed in the tray with its bur then, bolting the panel quickly. . I stood uncertain how to act. Bagally turned to descend the stairs. ' Will you ;not go- in ¥'. I asked. *'TJot. far nil trio mnnnv it» TT/» bart,' said Hie man, his very rn^r bristling. 'listen.' I bent my ear to the door, and could: distin- guish the confused sounds of voices. 'Who is with him?' I asked. But the old servitor had left me. I was alone, and from the other side of the oak panel came a sound which caused my blood to curdle in my veins. In another instant I should have fled. 'Molineux! Major Molineux !' I icried, and rapped at the panel. The door shot back, and I entered. The passage was pitch dark ; but in the distance I could see a lighted candle in what appeared to be a bedroom. I advanced towards it The door shut behind me, and I felt someone place what seemed to be, a hand on my shoulder. . Major Molineux was right. Words refuse to lend themselves to the de piction of that, which the horror fixed eye saw in that lonely chamber. CHAPTER YL Mrs. Roohfoed was- the only person whom I met at the breakfast table the morning after my visit to Major Molineux's room. The Major himself, for reasons which I could readily appreciate, desired' to post pone, as long as possible, an inter view with one who had become^ possessed of his unhappy secret, and Rochford had intimated bis intention of arriving later in the day. Now, that his daughter was out of danger, there was really no real reason for his presence, which, indeed, was a daily element of dis turbance in the sick room. ' When do you think that Beatrice can be moved?' asked Mrs. Rochford. ' I long to have her at home again under my own ?rnnf ? te\r. ihnncrH Mfiinr IVfnlinp.rcr: is tnost kind and attentive, I ex perience a sense of depression in thijs house which I cannot shake ofc' ' I quite agree with you that the sooner Miss Rochford is got home ?the better,' . I replied, 'though the feeling of which you speak is attributable only to your own anxiety, and perhaps in som measure to the unwonted quietude of Castle Stuart after the bustle of Ashmead. Nevertheless, we must be cautious. I never like to disturb a case of fracture, however slight, for at least twenty days, and we have been here but barely seven:' T Wi^t&a;^ I had 4org-M6n' .-ibmCjmt' ^i&W; at the vacant place] at the|foot of the table noted, to me the circum stance which had escaped her memoir. ?v Some slight confusion in my manner must have betrayed me, for, with a woman's quickness, she said, suddenly, Doctor Fayre, you. look worn and ill this morning Tell me, do you know anything about this mystery of Major Moli neux?' 'My dear madam,' I said, 'I am a doctor, and I cannot speak even indirectly of matters which have come to my knowledge in the exercise of my profession. Major Molineux has been complimentary enough to ask my advice upon cer tain points connectedwithluLS health, but I am as yet but very^partially in formed as to his case.' ' Nay,' said she, ' I did not mean to put an impertinent query; but it has occurred to me that, in return for the Major's .kindness to my daughter, Beatrice might, byand bye, rouse him from his melancholy, and even win his confidence as to the secret cause of his malady.' . If you have ever chanced, when in conversation, to hear a phrase innocently uttered which conveys to your private ear a world of esoteric meaning, you will compre hend the quick pang I felt at this sudden approximation of^two ideas. Beatrice and my patient of last night! That pure .girl and that most unhappy being, .whose hide ous hallucination made hirn doubt ful of his humanity. When a student in Paris, I had seen the body of a beautiful girl exposed on a dissecting-table for some needful demonstrations in anatomy. The sight shocked me then, and as, obedienl to the law of association, the picture of that nerveless figure, so passive under the searching knife and exploring eye, rose again before me, I almost saw the pallid features shape themselves into a likeness of those of Beatrice. ' Do not think of such a tiling, madam,' I cried. 'It is quite im possible. Miss Beatrice must never know aught of the — ' and I stopped abruptly. Was I not already com mitting myself? {Tobttxmtinuei.J She never took it to heart a bit ; the next thing I knew, she -was at a little parlour organ .she had, singing and playing, as if that was all there was in life. - And that «illy, old minister— men never ? do havea bit of sense, but yon expect more of a jweacher of the gospel— he just sat and talked to her as if she irae a companion for him, and they walked about the fields, and stayed down where John was working', and all around 'em soula a- perishing for want of the bread of life. Such a sinful waste of time I never saw! ? ' Janet, do you love the MUb?' she asked, one day when I was scouring the knives outside the door. She had offered to do themif or me, but, law, her white hands were not fit for anything so useful. ' Low the hills 1 Well, Fd like to know what there is to love about them. I guess if you climbed 'eni a spell you wouldn't love 6tn mxLcli* ' They're so high and grand,' she -said; looking op at them ; ' they fleem so near the cool, far-off Heaven I - 1 love to climb to the top and drink in the sweet, fresh air ; it doeB me good here— here.' She laid her hand on he* heart, «nd stood looking up with a strange expression on her face, and I thought maybe she was homesick and told her to go in and ent some oarpet ragg, and sew 'em together, and would yon believe it, she up and refased. ' No I' she said, ' I cannot cut any oarpet tags. I hate them 1' I never saw her so excited before. 'A fine temper yon have,' was all the answer I made her, bat I never felt so in sulted In all jny life. .? for a week or two I didn't see much of her; she was either out vith John, 'sketch- ing,' as she called it, dabbling away at some bits of pasteboard with a lead pencil ; or up in her room, where. I never went. She came down, singing away, with a large package in her hand, and soon John came up with the ponies, and they drove off to town together, lajnghing like two children. I hope none of the . neighbours noticed them. Anyway, they ntversawfaim oondnot himself in that way with me. When they came home she was all tired' out, and they had a big roll of stuff they dumped down in the entry. ''It's something for you, Janet,' she said, laughing hysterioal- like. ' It's oar pit-rags.' i I unrolled it, and there were twenty yards of bright ingrain oarpet 1 I ' Myra,' said I, ' this is wicked extrava gance,' for I knew her money was all paid out, ? . ; ' -' But it isn't,' she said, laughing j ' I earned it myself by drawing and painting these bits of sketches. I sold them all, and can sell all I can do. That was my way of cutting carpet-rags.' Well, we put the carpet down, and it isn't my way to spoil anybody with flattery, aq.d I eaww John's wife wat getting the upper haad too fast. - The neighbours were beginning to notice her, and that foolish old miniBter, -when his wife .came back, had been over there ; and she led the singing id church, and pretended she had got religion, and all the time shenever scrubbed a ftoor, or washed a dish, or put her hand tojtheahuxn. f« John can afford to keep hired help,' she said to me one day, ' and I'm not very strong, and my mother died of consump tion;' TJien'Bhe becan- towy iike^ijaby; and John cams in and looked at me sb if it was my doing. J mast say she could succeed in doing all sorts of -useless- things — raising flowers in every nook and corner, making pets of all - the animals- and painting, or playing on' the' organ. She waB real- ornamental, anM I sup pose some folks thought she was pretty. John did 4or one. I dont-Jmow that she made me mueh work, either. Sbe'-did her own washing as long as John would let her, and kept her room aeat enough, though it was mostly Uttered np with flowers and birds .and her sketches, and at first she sung from morning till night, and she did- have a real lovely voice, I'll allow that, bat after awhile .she- didn't sing and didn't talk much, and then John began taking her meals up to her. Tne first time I saw him getting, the tray ready, I said: - ' It's a good thing you wen brought np to beihandy, John, seeing you've got an invalid n. didn't-sav anvthmo. then, bat & few days after he came to me and said : ' Janet, get a girl as so»n as you can, and {eti Aunt Betsy come over and stay with ~My.ra; she ia nervous and low spirited, and needs company.' _ ' Well, suppose you've guessed the upshot of lit all; a little daughter was born to John, and it seemed to me that a miracle was worked in the house.. Perhaps I had never really loved John's -wife— she -was so different in her ways from me— but when r heard that baby cry, I felt thrilled to my very soul, and I just threw my work apron over my head amd cried. for the first time in years. ' Myra didn't get strong, and the days went on and still ehe didn't got up, and I felt as if it was my duty to go and tell her that she musn't favour herself that way, that she couldn't lie abed and let strangeis take care of her child, and that she'd never get strong till she got out, but I made up my mind to speak in a gentler sort of way. Z had been thinking it over, and about concluded to let Myra live her own way and not try and make her alter, especially since John saemed so^rallsatis fiefl with her; and I went upstairs and opened tbe door softly and stepped inside. John was standing at one windowlookingout at the buh set— it was all red and gold, and thi room was in a flame ; he turned as I came in, and the tears were rolling down his cheeks. I nev-sr saw John cry before eiaee he was a grown man ! 'What is it?' I whispered, going up close to him. He made a motion with the back of his head towardB the bed. I went over there. Aunt Betsy was in a rocker by the side of it, treading the Bible. Myra was looking at the sunBbt, then at her sleeping baby s' fade. Tm mot dull to see things, and I saw there what made my heart turn cold— it was the Taller of the shadow of death 1 That all happened these years ago. There is a simple rustic crois up in the graveyard with 'Styra' carved on it, and little Myra and I go up there every Sunday and carry flowers to decorate it, and the dear child sits in my Up and puts her blessed little arms about my neck and whispers: 'Auntie, talk about my mamma in Heaven,' and I tell how patient and cantle she was, and how she eung and played, and how-«h«.*hall,do the wy same thing- some day— for I know, now, tin* flowers are as necessary to Qodjs-creatton as th« wood-and grain, and the least little thing that makes sunshine in the-world is of great valuft in the dark places ; andifoel sure, whenllook^p to the hills she loved, that Myra has reached far-off - Heaven before me. ^3P«rhaps— perhaps, sh& will intwcedeferw^bBare.— ^ Detroit Free Prete Good flonriir mot tested by its colour. White floi^i;J*»y|»ot *»*$« M*$jVrTh,e; test of good floor is* the amtount-otafKftKJt .afewbs. ??;.;: ?;,;,., .. ;;!i^-.-' : :? 