THE TIORTLTUPE VALLEY RACLNl CLUB . SUMMER MJEETJNI. (.brso Ull Courier. ) On Saturlay last the Fortitude Valley Racing Club, which bhas for two years been slumbering, re turned idoitality, and they were fortunate ill iarv lug a lovely day for their reunion. Thile fact of tile pri lic holiday.hleing pnclaimend for Monday, instead of Saturday, was an .untoward cireumstasnct , and ose whiqh mnilitated greatly against tile attendance, w?hich wotuld otherwise untdoulbtcdlly have been a large one. Asitwns, thenumltr wlhoopatronisod IEaglolFarnl was sjquhl iu the extremue, and not nearly up to what the sport Foproytied warrantel that it aliould be. Thlei~r Rassaiieehreezeblowitg during the greater plart of the ulay,,uhich rendcred it a very enjoyable one ft.r rsde'going, and wa. were surprised tlhat miore hudi?s. didsnot avail thenmselves of so pleuasat an afteriuoon. The Attorney- General brought lowll a party of ladies and gcntlemnl in a well-appointed dta,4.and thisuwas the only four-in-hanud which put in an appearance. At 12 o'clock a start was made with the trotting race, which was not a whit smore intersoating than these aflfirs generally are. Tear away broke badly oni coming into the staighlt the secoud time, whiclh pot out anlly chance Ihe may Ihave had;.but nothing else had a ghost oTf sahow witlh Shanmrock. Aftcr this came tile MaidCenii Plate, for which Mr. . Howerby's W1fafare was supported for maost money. though Mr. Finnic's party were verly sweet oil lien Lolllond's chance, who. -Ihowever, was very fretful, and'sweated profusely blefore start ing, ad.Nanucy had also a few supporters. iThe start wan not a particularly goodu one, as Ben Loimondgot away with a great aivantage. rwhilst Naly thrw her boy, alln went otff'on her own ac count. Benp Lomoid Iheld his own until turning inlto the straight, lwhenl \Va'rfare drew up to himn, anll a great finish ensued, the helsout just gettinog his head home first. The lHurdle Race was reducedtoea match between Mr. RIicardo's two riepresentativco, and they cantered over tile cosise in cosapansy, 'Pantomime comeiging i first. There wia a gooid lel of interest taken in the Valley Hanldicap, tlhough bettig was pretty well confined to Mr. J. M'il(;ie ]Protor ad fru. '. Sowerliy's Na loclklish, it hIeing very evident that nothing else had a chnluc. Ieach of thlcse bad a good circle of adnirs-r.s, who css'efully *atehed the operation of euslsling. &c.;, and we could not hleilp thinking that Procter ill partI-icular ollson-l Svetsry aullcd illlpovelellt ill alpuansue since lrun rec inbN ovenlht. His si were nice au d b?are, and his qilirtes full and ,iuscular, while hia cral ahone like satin. NaboCklioh, too, lookeld a lit as hands could make hli, aid his suppolters wel, brimful of cofidenlllce; lint Mloordul did mot altu gether please the eye, and hlie looked to bie jnot i little bit orerdloiie: lwhile Liiberty, thlughl iin ex cellent teiui bledily, wire a suspiciiius appeaeramcc aleout the usiilii-cl lings. After-one false attempt. at wliichl Nalocklishl went to the five furlong lpos. Iafore lie could bie atolpled, they weree dcsleotlchd oil their journey oi n prey etty n tcrutes. Ciinlioris oil Proctor, alter gettiiig away into a goadl positia,, iro-w back, while NabOkliahlil foll0\veel cut hlil cut ting-ont tactics, and led tlheii away ata nieriy pace. is holpes of getting the iheavy weighlt ill troulle. It was son eva-ilent that Lilir.ty am1 .Moorlald were alt of it? tllOugh thile latter madel two or tre ilcspcratc attecipta to reach his hlorccs, and five fur longs from home it cwas evidclut that Nalhocklislh was colpounu ding. The soli of Westminster led into thel straight, but he had lshot his holt, for directly Counoles inoved on Proctor, the chcsnut drew up level, and goilng on lhe won easily. The winner had to undergo the ordeal of a proatest, it being alleged that hie hIal crossed Nabocklish. anil some sharp ex chianges were indulged inamnongst the boys on ireturn ing to scale. However, the stewards decided niot to disturb the judge's verdict, and there was, indeled, as far as we could see, lbut little to.protest against. Coii nors rode tllhregoat o-ith great judlgment, and, notwithstandhtg that thle pace after the frat half nile was pretty ?vere, he always kept a jealoues eye on lNahMcklsh, and never let him get too far awayy fron rlila. Mr. T. Solwerby's Suitdorn woni the Scparatioi Stakes easily. Though llaiidy was coci ilg very fast at the linish, andl rai with undeniabl, galeness, Ihe is ratller a slow )iegillncer, but is piar ticularly busy at tlil right end of a irace, anId aVhen lie hlas had a tloaouglgh preparation. ishoull give his owner a turn. Fiva weighed out for the Corinthian. lut Inspector, who was vecry eraciiky at tile post, ended biy hucking his rider off just after the fall of the flag. and the four sped on their way, Leaving their late companion to watch them in their flight. IEclipse appeared to be omt of it at the half-,iile, but Mr. Finnle kept himi goig, and lettaig P'astime and \Wadsare acut one another down. he swooped down on tlhemi at the post after getting his pull, and wonl cleverly. ?Everylodny was glad to see lIr. Blhik get a ture in the lsying Hanmdicap, though ]lrislamIe mi jtlstlve?evoiif she had not riin olff at thie turn for hlme,an-ae' she hadl a gooei lead, andl wne going wll withiu herself, ald it was hard lilies.oli M?-. Jest to lose the irace throughl a bit of bad luck. Toili Sowerbly scoredl a win with Nabocklish in the Conso lationl Hlandiiap, ulwhich lie cwci all the way; while a Ifarry Scerry, won biy hlaholii, wround up the after noon's spart. A protest wca entered against the winiier as being a trained horse, but it was dismissed. Hiowiver, as Barolin lhad meen entered for anotlier race at- thlanllitiig, salid was known to lhave been in active tr'saiilig for it for sIonic time, we co-lder at the stewards approving of him. 