GUNDAGAI SMALL DEBTS COURT. Tuesday, May 3. (BeforoMr.Love, P.M., and Mr. Elworthy, J.P.) BURKE AND ANOTHER V. WEIIt AND ANOTHEE. | In this case Patrick Burko and Frank Phillips sought to recover £6 8s 3d from David Weir and James McNionoll. ? . '.. . It appeared from the evidence that tho parties were partners in a claim at the Wantiool dig gings — Weir and McNicholl having a share be tween them. ' McNicholl ' worked in the claim representing the full share, but after a while ho went away, first requesting plaintiffs to put a man on for him, und promising to pay him when ho returned, Ho told them to keep the man on until tho washing up; McNicholl subsequently made a payment on account, but not a settle ment, and the man, being dissatisfied, was paid by plaintiff and now thoy sought to recover tho amount. Tho Police Magistrate said the Bench Re gretted they: oould.-not give a verdict in this case. It wen Rjriooiple of taw-that cme partner could not sue another, and the parties to. this suit were partners. He rocolleoted that in the early days of gold mining in the colony similar cases had been brought, the first of them being argued by Mr. Dalley before the Supreme Court, and it was decided that one partner could not sue another. Therefore, in ordor to obtain rolief tho plaintiffs would have to go into the Court of Equity. Mr. Elworthy regarded the case as a hard one on the plaintiffs, but concurred in the ruling of the Police Magistrate.. In commercial trans actions one partner couid not sue another, and he had no doubt the law was similar in mining partnerships. . The plaintiff Burke asked bow it was, if that were tho law, that the Police Magistrate gave a verdict against him in a wages case. . The Police Magistrate' said that that wore quite a different thing, and if plaintiffs wore suing for wages there would be no difficulty about the case. Mr. PerkinB, as amicus curia, said there could be no doubt but that their Worships took a correct view of tho caso. So long as the part nership subsisted the parties could not sue each .other. . COLLINS V. I'LINN. In this case James Collins BUed Timothy Flinn, lor the trespass of pigs on his land at- Claren don. Mr. Perkins for plaintiff. Plaintiff deposed that on tho 26th March he fonnd the pigs in bis paddock pulling away at lis hay stack, and tbp next day he saw nineteen. Defendant's horses had also, the plaintiff averred, trespassed on the land. The defence was that tho fencing was insuffi cient, and also that the plaintiff had exaggerated the damage. George Edwards and Rowland Clemson were examined for the defence, but they knew littlo abont the case. .- , r : - ? Verdict for plaintiff, for £5j-with 3s costs of! Court, and/lOs witness*' expenses. i EDVABtm v. iooak In this case George' Edwards sought to re cover £10 from Thomas Moore, for tho , trespass of one filly. ,7 It appeared that plaintiff Was the owner.' of a 36 acre paddock, near Clarendon, in which were some eight acres of wheat) one and a half acre' of potatoes, 16 acres of oats, one acre of pump kins, and 60 rods of onions. The paddock was enclosed by a fence sufficient to keep out ordinarily quiet horses or cattle, but defendant's filly was in the habit of continually jumping it, doing considerable damage to the crops. The plaintiff had on several occasions remonstrated with and warned defendant. For tho defenco it was attempted to be shown that the filly did not belong to defendant. The Bench gave ;a. verdict for tho amount claimed, including costs. Mr. PerkinSjfo'r pttiqtiff. I fji . . The other rases were undefended. ' : Tfll! Wcalhor has Undergone a slight change.! Yesterday tbe atmosphere was oppressive during, tho afternoon, and about 4 o'clock a slight Bhowor foil, but it Was, unfortunately, of short duration, and the eveuing was fine. There are, however, indications of a downpour. Tbe Murrumbidgee Biver is at present but one foot abovo summer level at Gundagai. As Mr. M. Walkor was prooooding home last Monday night, tho night ' being very dark,' he. got off tho footway, which is very narrow, and fell into tho ditch near Mrs. Boid's cottage. His a^elp was ..partially, dislocated,., but, otherwise, he.etscaped without injury! .Wo are happjr to say that he is progressing favorably under-Dr. Ogg'B treatment. SoitE of the Blairgowrie immigrants arrived in Gundagai yesterday on routo for Tumut. A day or two ago Timothy Sheehan was en gaged skinning a beast at Darbalara, and shortly aftor felt an aouto pain, which, continuing for some hours, he aought tho survicos of Dr. Ogg, and that gentleman, upon making an examina tion, found that Sheehan was suffering from blood poisoning. He is, wo are glad to say, now getting-better. The Bonch of magistrate will assemble on Tuosday next for the revision of the olootoral roll. . ? The bon. secretaries of Mr. Wm. Foster's Eloction Committee on Wednesday received a lottor from that hon. member in which be states that he had hoped to have visited the oleotorate ere thjs, but that owing to domestic reasons he has been unable to do so. He hopes soon to be' amongst us, when he will personally thank tho electors for their kindness to him. The latest from Wantiobl is that Lynch and party, in No. 1, washod nine dishes of washdirt, and obtained 1} dwt. of gold. ' Mb. Perkins stated in the police court on Tuesday last that he was not the author of a letter on the law of arrest which appeared in our last issuo over the mm deplume of 'Lord Mansfield's ' Ghost.' Considering that the learned gentlemon does not liye in Tumut, and that the lettor in question was dated from that town, tho disclaimer was ratber unnecessary. The numorous friends of the Very Eev. P. Dunne will regret to hear that his health is much impaired. The following is the latest from Temora : — Throe waggons have returned to Temora from Mount.' Poole loaded with diggers. -.Thoy give a fearful account of the diggings, and «ay that there is ho water at all. Several shares at Temora have changed hands to Melbourne speculators at good prices. Bowes and party, of the water shaft, aro obtaining a large quantity of pumping and washing machinery from Sandhurst. Buokley and party are on good gold again. Last Satur day thoy got 22 oz., besides coarse pieces during tho week. , On Monday they obtained a 60-oz. nugget, and are believed to bo still on gold. The Madman's Bush is a failure. Only tho prospecting claim as yet has got gold. Rain is still threatening. The Gundagai bench of magistrates, on Tuesday last, authorised Mr. John Crowe poundkeeper at Clarendon, to charge 2s per head per day sustenance fee, instead of Is. 6d. as heretofore. The following' ? telegram - 'frohi ' Melbourne, wirioh appeared' in Tuesday's \Ecfto, will doubt less interest -some people in Gundagai; — 'A terrible tragedy took place at a house of ill fame in Bussell-street at 6 o'clock this (Tues day) morning. A man named Honry Colley called at tho houso, and asked for Amy Lowis, a girl about 17 years of ago, and was admitted. He went to her bedroom. Screams of murder were heaTd directly afterwards, Lillio George, tho proprietress of tho house, rushed to the room door, which was locked. She burst it open, and found Colloy cutting Lewis's throat. George seized him by the hair, and he then tnrnod on her and threw her out, and ran her into her -own bedroom. Sho opened tho door and screamed for tho police. He went back to Lewis, again attacked her with the razor, and cut hor throat in several places. George rushed in again and seized him by tho hair, but he overpowered her, and, catohing her by tho head, forced her against tho wall and attempted to cut hor throat, but inflicted only a slight wound, as Lillio Edwards, another girl, ran in from the street and seized him. George and Edwards then held him down, when ho took the razor and cut his own throat from ear to ear. George rushod out in hor nightdress, streaming with blood, and went to. Prince's Bridge to find tho police. Two constables returned with her to the houso, and romoved both man and woman to tho hospital ; but thore is little hope, of the recovery of either. ' Colley is a man known as a bad character, and the cause of tbe deed is said to be jealousy, . . On Tuesday last the Gundagai bench of magistrates, consisting of Mr, Love,:P.M., and Mr. Elworthy, granted a publican's license to Mr. Irwin Crain, jun., for tho Vineyard Hotel, Mount Adrah. Mb. C. W. WeekBs has kindly furnished us with the following table, showing tho highest and lowest reading of tho thermometer in the. shade each day daring the 'month of April : — April. Max,. . Min. April. Max. Min. 1 ..Oft'72* 47 .16 .. ..64 40 2.. if 67 ?, 48 17.. ., 70 47 3.. !. 68 49 18 .. .. 15 50 4 .. 73 63 19-.. .. 70 42 : 6 .. /.-:.78 ' 48 -20 ? 09 41 6 . . rrW) 01 21 v;:« . .71 45 7 .. .. 80, '60: 22(. : . . 72 46 8 ..V ... 04 61 23, .. .; 73 . .'60 i. 0 .. ..,82 ,. ;60 24,.. ...71, ? 52 10 .. ..70 60 25 .. ... 76 60 11 72 48. ,26. 72' ? 60 . , 12 .. .. 69 43 27 .. .. 70 44 13-.. ... -74 ii 38 28 .. 68 40 14 .... 62 37 29 .... 68 38 15 .. .. 69 40 30 .. ..08 38 THE monthly meeting of tho Wosleyan Band of Hope takes place in tho ohapol this evening, under tho conductorship of its now president, the Bev. Mr. Johnston. - - At Bathurst oh Monday, ' Daniel Mayno of the Sentinel, was churge'd with inflicting grievous 'bodily harm upon J. .E. Tonkins of Tattorsall's ; Hotel, and was committed to take his trial at, the Quarter Sessions 'to be' held at Bathurst in July next. Bail Was allowed. It is stated that the price paid by Mr. Town'' for Grand Flaneur was £4130. j Some well-known Tasmanian colonists have' been committed for trial for bribery in connec-. tion with the election of a member of the Le-, giBlative Council for the Huon electorate. . - The following selections wero taken up at Gundagai yostorday ; — Thos. Broughton, 180a, Cooney Charles H.'Hoaro, 120a, Bongongoloiig ' Jamos Cashman, 216ai Tonandra ' W. Griovos, 100a, Claris James Bobinson, 200a, Kimo Hesaio Isabella Sobinson, iOOa. Kimo' Ohos. Smith, f Oa, Cooney W. K. Smith, 40a, Darbalara David Novo, 40a', Willio Ploma . P. J. O'Dorinoll, 60a, Cooba Alexander McAlister, 60a, Gobarralong James McAlister, 500a, Gobarralong , Michael Bourko, 60a, Cooba Stophon Passlow, 40a, Cooba Flora Sinclair, 60a, Eurongilly Duncan tiinolair. 100a, Eurongilly Jamos Crowe, 40a, Gobarralong Henry Orowo, 40a, Gobarralong James Brabin, jun., 40a, Bangus John Lloyd, 100a, Bundarbo. Total, 2276 acres. ' The 'following, selections. woro takon uj at the Butriwii'Laftd-ofHcd list week. ' f G. W. Dale, 600a, Berrima J. Balfour, 80a, Taunton : P..0avin, jttnr.', 640a, -Berrima . * \- J. Carr,-320a, Berrima Executor of late H. Brown, 400a, Mylora. The Callan Park Lunatic Asylum is estimated to cost £229,000. A Polynesian who latoly absconded from the Magnolia plantation is suspectod of tho Mary borough murder. A boat containing a Poly nesian passed Woody Island on Saturday night, standing right, out to sea. Tho boat answers tho description of tho one stolen from tho planta tion. The. work in progress in connection with the Sydney General Post Office is estiinatod to cost about £205,620. . ] With referenco .to our paragraph (says- the Goulbum Herald J, announcing that Captain Bossi had boon appointod as clerk of potty sessions at Tuinut, we now learn that tho office had boon' unsought for by him, and with the approval of tho Ministor of Justice Captain Bossi has withdrawn his accoptanco of tho offico. The Theatre Boyal, Sydney, was crowded in every part on Sunday night, to hear Mr. Blight's lecture on tho Chinese quostion. Directly after tho cloak struck 12 on the night of December 31 tho whole of the prisoners for debt in Scotland were liberated, in accord ance with Dr. Camoron's Act. Twenty-fivo men and two women woro set froo from Glasgow pri son. As thoy passod out of tho gatos, carrying with them thoir boils and bedding, sovoral hun dred porsons who wero waiting grootod them with ohoors. The work of fitting up the new Lands Offico, in Bridgo-strcot, Sydney, will cost over £25,000. 'An Old Colonist,' writing to tho home papers, wisoly suggests that if a return could be mado of persons paying income-tax in Eng land- on income derived from colonial sources, the result might serve to alter some people's opinion o£ the voluo of' tho colonies ' to the mother-country. Ostbioh foathors aro now oclipsed in beauty and durability by the ingenious hand of skilled mannfacturo. A compound of silk or celluloid, Bpun-glass, and other matorials, is now so cunningly combinod as to require a very close examination to distinguish it from the genuine OBtrich foathors. There woro 2099 patients in our lunatio asylums at tho end of 1880, as against 2011 at the end of 1879, showing an increaso of 88 in tho year. An extraordinary scene occurred at tho Bris bane Police Court on Friday during tho hearing of the case of a woman who was summoned for having threatened to burn.a house down. Tho dofendant appoared with an infant in hor arms, and rushed about tho court in the most frantio manner. Sho Hung the child into tho arms of the bailiff, who being taken aback by the apparently questionable compliment, refused to receive it, and it was transferred to a young lawyer who was very much embarrassed at this sudden outburst of gonerosity. The woman subsequently throw her arms around the neck of the lawyer, and notwithstanding his protesta tions to the contrary succoded in imprinting kisses, the momory of whioh will live.-in-tho annals of tho Brisbane court-house. The gentleman not appreciating this disinterested expression of affection, beat a hasty retreat. Loud and repeated peals of laughter wero indulged in during the whole of this impromptu dramatic performance ! and, whon order was onco moro restored, tho excited woman was takon charge of' bj- constables, and convoyed to the oells with hor child in her arms. Tho affair is one of tho topics of conversation at present in Brisbane, The Melbourne Exhibition Commission pro pose, as a final celebration, either a ball on Queen's Birthday, or a concert. . To the former, invitations are to bo. issued -to tho Governor and tho sons of the Prinoo of Wales, and the officers of tho squadron ; but nothing yet has boon fixed. -, . Babnard Lazarus, one of the richest Sand hurst reefers, has left a fortune of £100,000. The value of veBsols of all nations, with their cargoes, wrecked during last year, is estimated' at £68,000,000. Tho total number of wrooks was'lGSO ; -1000 lives wero lost, 200 vessels were lost through collision. In England (says an American paper) young gentlemon spoak of thoir father as ' governor,' ' pater,' ' the ovorsoor,' otc. Hore wo are moro civilisod. Wo say, ' dad,' the ' boss,' or ' tho old man.' In hoathon countries they say ' father,' but they are away behind tho ago. \- Some Melbourno bicyclists, during tho holi days, mado a trip to tho wostwafd,' and ran a distance of 128 miles in one day, with tho roads I in bad condition through tho rain. I The diamond drill is being much used in Vic toria; a horizontal bore of 500ft. in length has just been complotod in the West Scotchman's mine, Stawollj and it is now intorided to put ; down a Vertical bore from tho bottom of tho! doop Now Magdala shaft. If this is successfully dono a total depth of overhalE-a- milo o! country will havo been prospected.,; , , , - I Mils. J0NE3 is going to build anothor hotol at Glonrowan, to replace the ono destroyed in the captnre of tho Kelly gang. Man proposes— and woman wishes ho wasn't . so slow about it. D CUING tho past summer 220,000 sheop woro located within a radius of thirty miles around Kiandra. ' ?' !, i ? . j The Yasa Courier commoncos its twonty-fifth yearof publication on^lst^une, and. will from' that date be issued three times a week. A lady who considered herself insultod by the proprietor of tho Queanbeyan Times news paper purchased a whip, went to tho office, and gave him a horsewhipping on Saturday last. A sPonTsstAN at Tarrabandra, Gundagai, fail ing in his attempts to shoot a wild tnrkoy, throw down his gun and overtook tho bird after a chase of 200 yards. ? Bev. Mr. Watorhouse and son, and Bevs. Messrs. Armitago, Mitchell, and Bichardson,. delegates to the Wesloyan Conference at Ade laide,' are among those losti- from-the -wrock of theTararua. ' . , , , ;? Tits' Melbourne Age cablegram. ..states, that great floods have prevailed in the United States, particularly in the states. of Mississippi and Missouri, overflowing an area of 100- miles, re sulting. in great destruction to property. The cablegram also Btates that Groat Britain and France are adverse to the' Buesian proposition for extradition of political oriminals. The total number who attended the Melbourne Exhibition from the day of its opening to April 25 was 1,263,334. The following strange- incident is related by a Vietorian paper: — ' A few nights ago-'a flock of some 9000 sleep were in camp near Cooluh, Tictoria, when a terrifio thunderstorm sot in, with vivid and dangerous lightning. One flash of the oloctrio current made a lane through, the flock, kilting SOOinstantly. Mr. Bloxsomo, one of our large squatters, is the owner, and suffers a heavy loss,' There are in England 15,918 duly qualified medical practitioners, in Ireland 3564, and in Scotland 3454. On board the steamer Ferret, recently seized at Melbourne, were found half a hundredweight of Custom-house forms, including alt ports within tho range of European commerce; also dies for all Customs stamps, seals for all ports, and spare copies of tho register, providing for fro quout changes of name. Documents wero also secured which showed tho valuo of tho coffee purchased to bo £15,000. Whon Hondorson,. the reputed ownor of tho stoamor, was arrested, bis luggage was found to contain 626 sovoroigns, somo plate, and about £8000 worth of bills on London and elsewhere, bosidos some Brazilian notes aud £300 worth of Brazilian coin. Bauon Maclay is establishing a zoologica station at Watson's Bay, Sydney, for tho use o* naturalists who may como to study the zoology and botany of Australia. A list of articles found in the carriages, eto., o£ the Southern and Western Bailway during I the six months ending December 31 is advertised in the Gazette, and if not released thoy aro an nounced to bo sold by auction on May 28. It is proposed to lay two additional;cablos across the Atlantic ; a company called the American Union Cable Company being formed for that object. The most popular breed of draft horse in Amorica at the present time is the Percheron, the importation of whioh from Europe is exten sively carried on, as it is generally preferred to the Clydesdale. One Amorican dealer has had sent over to him no less than 170 first-class stallions of this breed within the last fifteen months, all of1 which met with -Teady sale foT crossing with mares of the ordinary breed of the country ; the product turning out almost invari ably to be thoso powerful fine looking dapple gray horses so popular amongst tho farmors of the States. There must be some good reason why the Americans prefer to go to France for these horses rathor than to Great Britain for Clydesdales, and it might be quite worth tho whilo of some of our local importers to instruot their home agents to enquire, without projudico, into tho merits of thiB Peroheron breed. Accord ing to American accounts this breed is the most ancient and pure of all the races of heavy horses. The speciality for whioh they become noted, and which has attraoted the attention of keen ob servers everywhere, is thoir ability to perform long journeys with a heavy load in a wonder fully short time. In a happy combination of action and strength they are said to be without equals among tho horseB of any other brood ; and it was for this special combination of usoful qualitios that thoy wore bred for generation after generation until tho typo becamo more firmly fixed than that of any other race of horses in the world — not oxoepting evon the thorough bred. A TELEPHONE is about to bo used for com municating from tho surface to the bottom of tbe New' Magdala mine, Stawell. Tho cage takes . 8min. to , go the 2400ft. of depth. Tho New Magdala mine is now the deepest mino in Stawell. 