QUID NUNC? How’s that for high, partner l—All i'ouits. Hr old friend Mr H. K. Reid has apparently not forgotten how many beans make five, and true to his instinct conies to the fore in the interest of monopoly when anything like fair play is proposed. That poor but select elass the shipowners—numbering seventy five, and, as Mr Reid says, owning property (hulks) worth £1,000,000—are fully en titled to more representation than the city of Melbourne or the suburbs; and rather than submit to the will of Parliament and amalgamate the mercantile and shipping interests, this astute gentleman would withdraw the new Harbour Trust Bill and await the return of Conservatism to power. But are not the shipowners and the mer chants of Melbourne one and the same class, and why should they be divided and have double representation ? 1 admit that their interests are great, but surely they are not greater than the interests of the individual communities represented on the Trust ; and therefore as a united body they should not have more members than cither Williams town, Footscray, or Sandridge. It is sheer nonsense to say that the suburbs are not en titled to the same consideration as Mel bourne, or its merchants. If the Trust—as no doubt its originators wished it to be—is purely for the interests of metropolitan ship ping, then in justice its jurisdiction should be limited to the city boundary ; but if other towns nre included then they are entitled to consideration and representation according to their importance .and the interest involved. I am inclined to think, however, that II. R. R. is putting in one word for himself as a shipowner and two as a representative. At his first election he won the seat by the skin of his teeth, having only one vote to spare ; and as he can see as fa r through a stone wall as here and there a one, he knows that his chances will be small indeed unless the shipowners have the power to return him. To speak plainly, he would not have the ghost of a shew if his return depended on a broad popular vote, and therefore he fights to the last for the voice and power of cliquism. In short, as I once before re marked, I honestly believe that if nightman were an elective position, as a candidate he wouldn't g. t the smell of a pan. I have often observed in my walks abroad the large proportion of our young people of both sexes who wear spectacles, presumably on account of weakness of vision. The glare of our southern situ, intensified by the reflec tion from ; the white pnvements and white painted houses, very likely has much to answer for in that respect, and perhaps a good deal of the evil arises from hereditary weakness of the eyes, induced by the parents having suffered, as most of us have done in the early days of the colony, from the various sorts of ophthalmia that were so prevalent under the names of sandy or gravelly blight. I believe that the sight of hundreds of men and women was permanently weakened in those days of exposure to the intense heat and dust of the diggings and the towns, and that our children inherit that weakness as well ns many others. It is a painfnl sight to see so many mere boys and girls wearing spectacles at such an early period of their lives, and the very severe scholastic studies that so many have to undergo to qualify them for examinations in these days of com petitive forcing of the intellect, intensifies the evil; so that in a generation or so Victoria may be able to show as great a proportion of spectacle wearers as even Germany or France, where the medical men have agreed that the habit of smoking to excess at an early age has enervnted the sight of the majority of students. That hypothesis may account for the deficient sight of our boys ; but what reasou can be assigned for the same weak ness of sight amongst our girls? Can it be that too much London Journal and Jtamily Herald reading by lamp or gaslight is a fruitful cause ? , A somewhat similar inquiry to the above may be made respecting the numbers of young people who wear false teeth, and their names are legion. Witness the host of denj tists in Melbourne, and mark what a large proportion of the fair sex, to ' say nothing of the other, who have to call in.the aid of art to repair the. dental deficiencies of nature. What can be the cause or causes? Our mothers used ,to warn us that too many lollies would spoil our teeth. I can vouch that I consumed my share—as much as I could lay hold of—in the shape of saccharine materials, and have not yet required dental aid. But many others are not so fortunate, and I have looked with wonder and amaze ment at Snooks of the Red Tape Department, when, in a moment of unguardedness, he pulled out his splendid set of grinders, that emulated for shinyness and prominence even those of the immortal Carker of “ Dorabcy and Son." Oh, what a change was there, my countrymen. Before, his smiling, rounded, and glowing face was the pink of youth and jollity, but when the teeth were out the rounded cheeks fell in, the heavy jaws stood out, the speech became a miserable mumble and lisp, and the whole man had sunk in appearance to forty degrees below zero. So much for outward aspect: but on tho other side look at tho dangers attached to the false sets of teeth. I read in the papers that a woman of Leicester swallowed her set of teeth during a fit of coughing, and died in a few hours in consequence. .She must have been much easier killed than some men of my acquaintance, one of whom, to my own knowledge, swallowed an excellent position, his wife's dowry, three hundred acres of land, and forty horses, besides a couple of waggons, and a nice buggy and harness, with a thousand pounds in the bank, and instead’ of being killed has only a few grog blossoms to show us the effects of his mighty swallow. Will no kind Christian start a subscription to buy him a full-sized set of false teeth, to give, him another chance of an honorable death ? It is generally believed that only in connec tion with an Irish wake such a mistake could take place as that of burying a gin case in stead of the coffin. Such a case actually took place not one hundred miles from Mel bourne a short time ago. The inference was that the convivial mourners had first placed themselves outside of the gin to account for the case being empty. B,gt who. wo.uld have sup posed that at a workhouso in decorous Eng land such a raistako could have arisen as the following :— An extraordinary blunder has just come to light at Davenport. A pauper inmate of the workhouse having died was removed to the mortuary to be placed in a coffin, and by some error .wheu the bearers came to take it away ami bury it they removed an empty coffin instead of that containing the corpse, and it was taken to the cemetery and buried with the usual rites. 'The mistake was not discovered until another death caused the mortuary to be again visited, when olfactory evidence was afforded that something was wrong, and investigation revealed the facts. If we believe the reports that havo peached us of the assassination of Ale'Sauder, the Czar of all the Russias, we must perforce admit that lie fell a victim to the machina tions and devilry of these terrible Nihilists ; but with all deference to my contemporary “Quid Nunes "at the other side of the globe, I am constrained to doubt the intel ligence as to where the death-blow came from. No man of the present century did more to give effect to the programme of the Nihilists than Alexander II., and it is more than likely that his murderer was the scion of some aristocratic family who knew that his deed would be saddled on the Nihilists. When the late Emperor came to power, and issued his forever famous ukase liberating serfdom, and granting the peasantry one half of Russian territory, he established one of the finest agrarian systems in force in the known world, and at the same time crushed the tyrannical feudalism of semi-barbarous nobles. Could it be expected that those who had so long enjoyed the fruits of slave labor —the slavery of their own kith and kin— would submit to the despotism that did justice to the many millions 1 Certainly not ; and from the hour that Alexander espoused the cause of long-suffering, long-deferred right his fate was sealed. The programme of Nihilism as given by an English periodi cal is, “ No more monarchy, no more State religions, no more landed proprietors, but the soil to be as free as the air, since every one has a right to sustenance ” Nihilists may err in attempting to carry out such a vital scheme y/rr salt urn, but it is an error in judgment only, and if ever there is to be a millenium on earth their whole creed must have full effect and force. Pander as we will to position, there is no disguising the fact that before the great human family can' attain the peace and happiness an Almighty Creator gave them freely at the beginning, the devices and mockeries of their own creation must first succumb, and I can hardly believe that the Nihilists destroyed the man who did so much towards hastoning the desired end. Lord Macaulay says : The author of a great reformation is always unpopular in his own age. He generally passes his life in disquiet and danger. It is therefore for the interest of the human race that the memory of such men should be held in reverence, and that they should be sup ported against the scorn and hatred of their contemporaries.. Alexander and Nihilism are the victims in this instance, for the latter are blamed by the retrograts with slaying their first bene factor. Conservatism is the, same all the. world over as it is in Victoria—ever ready to; accomplish its ends by the most nefarious means, and then join in the cry of “Stop thief ” to distract public attention from: its! doings. ' ' :. It is strange how few there are who are willing to approach that grand maxim “ Do1 unto others as ye would they should, do , unto| you.’.’ A home file says..... : j The system relating. to the lotting of property described by the Irish Land League as the Three F’s is in full operation within a; mile of the House of Commons itself. In Bond street, Conduit street, and the streets adjacent,, some 500 capital houses, some of them inhabited by members of the. aristo-, cracy who are loudest in their denunciations^ of the system alluded to,. are at this very time let to tenants who are in the complete! enjoyment of all the benefits the said system! is expected to confer.. The rents are very’ moderate even for ground-rents; the averagej being much under £10 ‘ per annum; they: can never be increased, except by the wilful neglect of the tenants themselves, and the' leases can be and are constantly sold, .with-! out let or hindrance of any kind on the parti of the landlords. Thus we have a system of; fair rent, fixed tenure, and free sale carried: out to a very large'extent in one of the wealthiest and most prosperous parts of the whole metropolis, aiid what is of far more importance, everybody .connected with the; property in question or having any interest1 in the same is thoroughly and completely; satisfied. “ That which in the captain is but a choleric word in the solidcr is rank blasphemy.” England’s aristocracy may enjoy all the privileges that even- handed justice can confer, but such communistic ideas are to be let out of the down trodden! millions of suffering Ireland with the'points of British bayonets. ’■ j . Even in strictly Sabbatarian Scotland the. old world ideas of spending the Sunday is being revolutionised. In a few years it may even be doubted if it is a sin to whistle on the Lord’s Day. There must be a wondrous: change in public opinion when the delivery, of such a lecture, as : that referred to below could be possible. Shade of John Knox 1 what a change has come over the deliver-! anccs of the disciples. _ ; Professor Blnckie -lectured to ra . large audience in Glasgow on Sunday on “ The Sunday Question from Scripture and Church: History," and his remarks were several times vigorously hissed and applauded., Among the rules he; laid down for spending the Sunday were, that all recreations and amuse ments ought to be avoided that tend to rob the working-classes of that rest which their bodily frame requires, and that leisure which is necessary for a -participation in acts of: religious service. Large dinner parties, for instance, ought specially- to be eschewed, but innocent games, such as cricket, croquet, lawn tennis, cards, billiards, backgammon, nr chess, should be free to all who care for “ Great curiosity,” says a home paper, “ has been aroused at Burnley by the capture in the cellar of a grocer’s shop of a snake. The reptile, which is over a yard long, attacked one of the inmates, who unsuspectingly seized it. Several persons were engaged an hour and a half in killing it with an axe. It has been deposited in the local museum.” And so it occupied several persons an hour and a half in killing it with an axe. No wonder. Of course, they all used the axe at the same time evidently, and chopped at the snake from a safe distance—say the top of the cello,r stairs. If there had been only one person instead of several he would have thrown the axe at the snake and missed it ; when he would have sent along to Victoria for a boy from the bush, who would kill a dozen snakes without measuring them while the several persons were getting the axe ready for the hour and a half’s chopping. INAFOG. The fellow who picked up ti c hot pouny originated the remark, “ All that glitters is not cold,” Life will seem different when we review if from what it did when we were in the midst of it. The cup we prayed to have removed, wc may find was the cup of life ; the cross we prayed to be spared we may fiiid was l he cross of our salvation ) the cloud which seemed darkest and most threatening, we shall find to. be spanned by Qod’s bow of promise. An Epigrammatic Prkside.nt.—M Grdvy the new President, seems likely to prove a formidable rival to our dear old Talloyrand as an author of epigrams. He is a very good chess-player, and being asked recently to write something, however trilling, in an album, wrote ns follows :—“Life is like ! a game of chess ; each one holds his rank ac cording to hi3 quality, but, when the game is over, kings, queens, knights, and. all fhc rest arc thrown into one common box, ’ Three brothers bearing a remarkable re somlilanoe to one another are in the habit of shaving at the same barber’s shop iu Bourkc street. Not long ago, one of the brothers entered the shop early in the morning, and was shaved by a German, who had. been at’ work in the shop only for a' day’ or two. About rmoii another 'brother came in, and underwent a similar operation at the hands • of the same barber. In the evening, thi ’ third brother made his appearance, when the German dropped his razor in astonishment, and exclaimed, “ Veil, mine potl l dat man' ' has de fuslitcgt beafd f, n'eder 3aw 1.11 shaves him dts'mbrnin’,’shaves him at dinner-times, and-he comes back now mit his beard so long as it never Task 1." 