OOKFIBMATION AT ST. MABtf'S. Thk clorgy of the pro-Oabhedral and bho members of St. Mary'o Christian Dootrino Confraternity havo boon engaged for oomo considerable timo paot diligonMy preparing a numbor of children1 — about ono hundred and fifty — ±or the reception of tho Saoramont of Confirmation, and on Sun day h.cb thcGQ candidatoa together with oomo tv/onty adultOj raoot of whom wore convorto, w'oro confirmod by hio G-ruco fcho Archbishop of Sydney. Tho oandidatco made fchoir first Communion at ono of tho early Maoaoo, after which they were oneei'tained at a oxcoiioni; dejeuner proviaea m the Seminary by the Confraternity. Shortly beforo tho commoncomont of 11 o'clock Mano, the candidates, accompGniod by memboro ef fcho Oon f ratevnity, marched in proeeboion around tho Cathe dral grounds, and thon entered fcho pro-Cathodral and pvocoodod to the bonchoo reserved for them near tho sanctuary. Aa usual on ocoRoiono of thio kind, the children woro prettily dressed ; and all, both juveniles and adults, woro blue ribbons with commemoration medals attached. In aoMDoquonce of tho length of tlio Con fii-mation ceremonial High Mass was not sung, but simply a Misaa Cantata, and tho Borvicos of tho choir were not required except at fcho ICi/r-ie and in the hymn Vein'. Sancti- S]h^ifnif! during fcho Confirmation. Miss Crowe, lady president, and Mi*. Orncknoll, presi dent, officiatod ao sponsors for tho candidates, and his Grace was aooiofcod by Fafchoro J. J. (3-arvey, and M. H. Ryan, while fcho ceromonies wore conducted by tho Eev. C. P. F. Collingridgo, chaplain of the Oonfrafcornifcy. Boforo and after administering tho Holy Sacra ment, the Archbishop addressed the onndidiifco* in boatifciftilly approjiriatp language. Tho_y had, lie said ufc the concluaion of (.ho ceremony, taken upon themoolvos a very grave viuipouailjilifcy, and hud plodgod thomsolvea to hocoino strong and per fect soldiers of Jesus Christ ; and having received tho Holy Sacrament of Coiilinnution, thoy had now a power and pvuco not previously possessed by thorn, by moans of which they could suc cessfully eoiixbal; all evil. In many respects Con firmation resembled an acorn, for i£ you plant an acorn in a proper tnatinor it will in dime do velop into a great and powerful tree aproading its roota into the earth and expanding it.a branches into the air, and would be, on account of its strength, able to defy fcho fiercest si/orms. But if you placed tho seed iu barron soil — on a rock— ^whoro ifc could not prosper or receive nourishment, it would wither and perish. So it was with Confirma tion. That day thoy implanted in their hearts a seed do omall that ifc was not visible, but if fcho soil was good, if their hearts v/ero filled with love of Q-od, that ooed would fructify and bo a power to them throughout fchoir lives. If on the other hand thoy did not receive the sacrament with proper dispositions, and hud not, prepared their hearts to receive fcho Cfmee of the Holy Ghost, then fcho Sacrament would be of no uae fco thorn, and they would bo deprived of many bleso inga. Ifc v/aB ako necessary that in addition to receiving tho Sacrament worthily tihcy should koep fcheir hearts and mindu puro, and not lob fcho seed of divino grace dio for want of attention. If they lived good litfos, loving and obeying thoir parents and guardians, being respectful to their superiors, and genfclo to fcheir brothers and sisters, and honest and true to everyone, tho seed would flourish and bo a source of strength and consolation to thorn all fcho days of thoir lives. If they carried out the course of life that had been pointod out to them that day they v/ould beeomo good men and women, and find themselves so filled with tho graoe of God thai! thoy would bo able to stand firm and true at, all timos, and to resist; any temptation. Then, after wending their way up the narrow mountain path, they would, when the journey of lifo camo to an end, onter the flashing gates of the golden city, and receive everlasting bliss as a voward for their faithful service. 