THE HUMOURIST. INDIAN JUGGLERY. (fbom thb hew yobk times.) People have often aBked why Bome enter prising theatrical manager does not bring one of .the wonderful jugglers of India to Europe or to this country. We have had Japanese i jugglers who proved to be much inferior to such occidental wizards as Houdin and Herr-1 mann, and we are soon to witness Nautch i danceB by genuine Nautch girls, but no East Indian juggler has ever left hiB native country. Everybody has heard of the amazing miracles performed almoBt daily in India. The stories of the juggler who throws a ball of cord into the air, where it remains long enough for him ' to climb up by it nntil he disappears from sight; or of the juggler who carves a boy as 1 he might carve a chicken, and then recon structs the boy out of a heap of disjointed limbB and miscellaneous organs, are familiar | . to ns all. They are often quoted by spiritua lists as proof that miracles even more asto nishing than the composition of bad poetry by the spirit of John Milton are actually worked 6y the "occultists" of the Orient, and .are often retold in the newspapers aB having been vouched for by that ratner vague1 person, "a recent traveller." Were one o these incomparable Eastern jugglers to be brought to Europe by a theatrical manager, the latter would make a certain and enor mous fortune within a very short time, And yet the very men who import cheap Japanese .jugglers, or the more interesting Nautch girlB, never make the slightest effort to secure a real miracle-working fakir. This is certainly very strange, and, in fact, quite unaccount able, except upon a hypothesis which is aB ■ rude as it is unwarranted. The mention of East Indian jugglers and their feats must at this particular period re-1 mind everyone who knows the facts of the 1 recent marvellous disappearance of a small boy in Blackboro, Mass. At the request of those most nearly interested, the affair has thuB far been quietly ignored by the press; but it is now understood that there is-no need of any further myBtery in the matter. The facta, according to Mr. Ebenezer Lathrop, a leading citizen and undertaker of Black boro, are briefly as follow, and will be found intensely interesting Mr. Lathrop is not a spiritualist, but until lately he has taken a good-deal of interest in spiritualism, and has sometimes expressed the belief that there may be "somethin orother" in it. Three weeks ago there came j to Blackboro a professional medium, Mr. O. j T. Homer, who alleged that he was travelling for pleasure, but who, at the request of a local believer in spirits, consented to hold a stance at the house of Mr. Lathrop, whose professional acquaintance with departed Blackboro citizens might reasonably be sup posed to render them willing to meet a respectable medium under his roof. The stance waa appointed to be held on the night of the 8th of December, and seven living spiritualists agreed to be present. It was the misfortune of Mr. Lathrop to have a peculiarly objectionable boy—Master Thomas Wallis Lathrop, named after his maternal grandfather, aged 11 years on the 27th of last November. Thomas, or Tom, as he was popularly called, was a particularly bad boy. Much familiarity with coffins and funerals had, perhaps, its share in rendering him callous and indifferent to serions things; but it is very certain that he feared nobody and cared for nothing. He made his esti mable father's life a burden to bim, and it was the general opinion of the village that Tom's private funeral would be a most de Birable undertaking event. The stance was held at the time and place appointed, and was in many respects a creditable affair. Communications from a number of prominent ghosts were received, and the epirits of two persons whom Mr. Lathrop bad buried, Deacon Smedley and Prince (coloured) were fully materialised, and were recognised by every one present - It was in connexion with the appearance of the coloured ghost that Tom Lathrop made known his hitherto unsuspected presence in the room by a war-whoop and a large apple, the latter being thrown at the ghost with such excellent aim as to hit him on the nose and elicit from him the brief and pointed re mark, "Golly!" f The indignation of the assembled spiri tualists was naturally great, and Mr. Lathirop who promptly captured his graceless son, was about to lead him away for punishment, when the medium Baid: " Bring him to me; I will deal with him." Tom was accordingly given to the medium, who was an athletic man, and who, seating himself on a chair in the full view of the audience, placed the boy across his knee and. prepared to operate, on him with the palm ofniB hand. Mr. Horner struck Only one blow, for the instant his avenging hand descended there . was a brilliant Bash of light, a loud report, and Master Tom disappeared instantly and utterly. The doors and windows were closed, and even if they had not been it is. certain that the boy could not have left the medium's lap and escaped from the room unseen. From that moment until the present time not the slightest trace of Master Thomas Wallis Lafhrpp has been seen. The median's explanation was a simple one. He said that hy his occult power, he had decomposed the boy into his original gases, and that these had united with the gases of the atmosphere. The people of Blackboro, with bnt one exception, agreed that this was the first evidence of any good in spiritualism that they had yet seen, and there was talk of inviting Mr. Horner to take charge of the district schooL To the astonishment of everybody, Mr. Lathrop seemed dissatisfied, and he has served a formal demand on the medium to recon struct hiB boy within 10 days or to pay hiB value, to be decided by three arbitrators or a majority of them. Now, this is a story which is ab wonderful as anything that has, ever been told of the East Indian jugglers. It is unquestionably as authentic-as any story told by " a recent traveller," and is far more circumstantial in its details than the best efforts of that eminent authority. It will be unhesitatingly believed hy - all the believers; in Indian jugglery, and<dught to be of immense service to spiritualism. - In short, there is not a word of truth in it, which is precisely the most important characteristic of < the tales of East Inaian jugglers, and perhaps aeoounta for the fact thai no one has thought it worth while to hire one of them to [exhibit his childish tricks before an intelligept audience. 