TfNDEB. THE LAMPS, OB WOMAN'S WORTH. By W. C. Honeyman. Author of " For Fame,'* " Broken on the Wheel," &c.; CHAPTER VI.—Which Teeats of the Maoic of A WOman's Fingers. Grace had remained strangely silent daring the last part of Maggie's story, and as Maggie herself had now got down on her knees, witn her face baried in Grace's lap, close to che slumbering child, she oonld not sea or guess whether Grace's silence meant anger or sympathy. The truth was Grace had mentally followed her bsw friend every step to the bridge, just as she herself had followed her father the' night before, and when Maggie's thrilling narration ended with the kind inter position of a saving arm Grace seamed again to feel her own hand grasping the arm of her shivering and trenibliDg father; and then her eye a brimmed over, and the warm tfiars dropped down on Maggie's cheek. The tohch of the tears told Maggie more than we conld possibly pnt down in a whole chapter, and she nestled closer into Grace's lap with a deep-drawn sigh of content, as if at last she had fonnd the heart healer for which for weary months she had been hungering. " I think—I think, dear Grace, that you do not blame me,' she softly breathed at last. "Blame you!" chokingly answered Grace, with a warm kiss, "In how many of our memories may not sncha record be seared?—a time when we werealm03t sinking, and needed all the strength of heaven to keep us from wishing to end it all. But God watches over us all, and always tries-to save us'from ourselves. Yes; even the shining Lamps on the street seem to have a word for as, oheeringns on, and pointiug ub forward to brighter times. And when is is all behind ua and the happier days are come; we will look baok and see God's guiding hand through itall,eveniuour worst trials auddeepest woes, for you know, Maggie,' whom the Lord lovetb He chasteneth.'" "Oh, I think the happier time has come already when I've been led into your arms," im pulsively cried the yonng girl, cuddling closer to Grace, " for even my own mother, hid she been alive, could not have been more loving and kind. How is it you are so good ?" "Hush—don't! I am only a poor suffering woman like yourself," breathed Graoe, with a deep hash that confirmed her words. " It all comes of having some one to'iove, and struggle for, and cheer, and protect," and Grace softly touohe'd the sleeping ohild to give meaning to her words. "We have not time to grieve when we have some one to make>hsppy." " Oh, Grace, dear, I am sure you must be a real lady in disguise, for I see it shining out in every word' you soy and in every touch of your tender fingers," impulsively continued Maggie, kissing the fingers she admired so much. "Yes, Fm sure it was the thought of my wee bairn that made me pause before jump ing from the bridge. The Lamps seemed to say the words, but I think they all came out of my own heart. And had it not been for the wee thing I do not know how ever I should have bad courage to go to the theatre next day and take my place among bold, vnlgar giris, and stand before the manager while ha inspeoted me, mnoh as farmers inspect cattle, and hear him siy, ' Humph! I don't know where I'm to put all the girls. If you'd been a fiddler cr a bass dtum I could have found room for yon easier, as the orchestra's' precious thin.' But then I looked down into my bairn's face, and the kind manager who had told me to come appeared, and made him alter his manner at once, audi was glad then I had brought the bairn to give me conrage." " And do you really think he meani what he said about wanting a fiddler ?" said Grace, with interest. " Yon must know, Maggie, that my father plays that instrument, though he never needed to take money for it till now; and aa I have not been able to get work for a fortnight, he was thinking of trying to make a little during the • daft days,' as they are called, jby playing-" " Well, really ! I'm so glad—oh, ao glad to hear that," cried Maggie, with brighter eyes than she had yet turned up to her new friend, "beoanse you know it will give me the ohance of helping yon. Yes, I'm quite sure they want some one in the band, for I heard them speak of it often, and say despairingly that it was no use looking for any one now, aa all the good hands were engaged. Your father can come with me to the theatre this forenoon— we're to go earlier so as to get one drill over be fore the actors and actresses arrive—and I will introduce him to the kind head manager, and tell all that be wants. Oh, I'm as bold as a lion, Grace dear, when I'm not asking any favor for myself." And if Maggie's eyes had looked bright under Grace's kind'wards they now posi tively shone at the thought of being abia ta help her in return. The sleeping child waslifted softly to the bed and tucked comfortably in, receiving two sepa rate kisses in the nest, and then Mrs. Flinders suddenly appeared with two steaming hot cups of coffee, which she insisted "were nothing at all," and would do both her lodger aud Miss Grace a world of good. " Oryin'sdry work,"she remarked with anairof experience," and especially with a snokin' babby at y er breast. Sure it's meself that knows that —afcre I took to the jackets, and pore Tim was laid up with a bad hand and never a bite in the house but a wee taste Indian male. Ah! t'aim was the times, and if cry in' would have filled the children's bellies, sure they had a sea of it, all ont of me own eyes." We're very much afraid that something bright and calt dropped down in the steaming oups of ooffee; but Mrs. Flinders did not stay to note the fact, but instantly noticing that it was hroad daylight, she dived out of the room, aud at once 'occupied ber vacant throne among the jackets, with the yard stick lying handy by way of a sceptre, and made her busy hands go like clook work. By-andby Grace slipped softly out, aud hurried up to tell her father of the good news, though for that part Graoe was seldom long from his side, without returning with something bright and oheeriog on her tongue's end. And behind her? What did she leave behind har ? Only a young girl—almost too yonng to be a mother—kneeling by the bed containing her sleeping ohild, and bowing her head over her clasped hands, as she softly murmered— " I am glad I struggled through it all. God hasn't left the earth yet. He sends some of his 8Bgelsto cheer even the foolish and wayward like me. They take the form of women, but their real nature shines through it all, I never knew Woman's Woeth till cow." Grace found her father up, aud the fire lit and burning, but it was nothing to the warmth of hope glowiDg in her own heart and shiuing out at her eyes as she told hiin of the new open ing for his skill, which' might, at least, keep them from want until some more fitting em ployment turned np. Joseph Larimer kissed his daughter, but words he had none that wonld come forth; but' Grace saw that a new light was now Hashing from his own eyes, and a firmer tread giving dignity to his gait. The light was caught out of her own eyes, olearly showing what a catching thing is hope. And what a merry breakfast was theirs ! To be sure it was plain—very plain, some epicaras would have said—but then there was a feast of love along with it that outvied all the sauces of Soyer. And after it was over, Grace, with bnsy hands, and several runs dovn to Mrs. Flinders', set to do np her father's best white shirt, It was a very worn white shirt—just as mnoh so as its wearer—but somehow Grace washed and starohed it in a mere twinkling, so as to outshine in parity the white snow still lingering on some of the adjacent slated roofs; and then with one of Mrs. Flinders' irons— staggeringly brought up stairs by a curly head, and paid for with a kiss—she ingeniously ironed it, with all the worn folds in the front, whioh were too frail to Bew or darn, turned in and completely hidden. And his coat—however ahe patted and coaxed, and brushed, and steamed, and smoothed at its shabby outside with her magic hands is one of. the wonders of the world; bnt when she had done with it it looked fresh from, the clothier's. Oh, there's no mistake about it, so doubters needn't smile. And his cracked and crushed hat—oh, that was the best of it - all — whenever Grace's soft fiBgera touched its worn pile and she cheerily murmured'the word " tittivate" that hat gave its shabbinesB up f or lost, and began to think, with sovereign contempt, of the shiniest hat in all the Argyle-street shops. Grace oovered it with a damp olotb, and then passed a hot iron over it in a loving way that the most sensitive bat conld neverhave had the heart to resent; then she breathed on it, and all th'e Wrinklea on its face, like those on weary humanity, vanished at that smile and warm breath. Then ghe patted it, and brnshed it round, and smoothed and smiled, and turned it abont till the bat fairly gave itself np to the ecstasy of the motion, and only recovered its senses to find itBelf shining brighter than the wintry sun, and Joseph Lorimer looking ronnd at it with inaredu lons amazement' and actually not sure of the identity of bfsown property. There! Then Grace's fingers nimbly spirited the'hat to one side and pounced uponberfatber's necktie offaded blaok silk. We can gaess the feelings of the necktie at the first delightful tonob. Hope seemed to swell even its bosom, for the - creases- vanished, and, padded ont with some cuttings of stiff canvas, such es Mrs. Flinders need to make the cheap jseketS stiffen and stand out like the most robust and durable of cloth, the ends frizzed themselves ont as proud and starohed as a oriJl sergeant's moustache in time of peace and with the duty off soap. Those same fingers— pnsbiDg, patting, palling, and ironing at the folds of the necktie—had been praised of yore for their nimble exeention among the notes of the piano, bnt never had they lingered more lotioftly among the ivory keys than they now did over the dressing of Joseph Lorimer. Why, the moBt refrsotory bow or button melted with love at the first toucb, and became pliant as a lady's hair under the hands of a Paris hairdresser. And when her father was shaved and dressed, and looked—at Grace's triumphant wquest— into the si* square inebes of lookiQg" glass which formed the one grand mirror of thair mansion, he actually started baok as if not sore whether it were really he, or a ghost of himself in happier days. The only things beyond Grace's power ware her father's boots; yet even these became sab deed and shiny under her touch, and put a good face on matters, at least good enough not to allow people to state and guess at their frailty while their owner and Grace moved out of the heme and along as far as " Paddy's Market" in quest of a new pair—ohestp, There were boats oi every kind spread out on all sides—some so old and worn, like the men about thcm,thaathey seemed to be crying aloud that they were tired of the world and all its ingratitude, and would he obliged if any kind friend would throw them en the nearest dust-heap and have done with it. There were other boots, with high heels and dainty "ankles, which were soarcely soiled., yet which seemed quite downcast and rather Bshamed of themselves and the Btrange icsnes they bad looked upon. Indeed, a general air of depression lingered over every pair visible, seme allowing their tall legs to hang down limp and sad, as if they were saying, " Ah, times are changed indeed. I once had a pair of ankles in me, and 6uoh a pair! but now—ah, me! " Bat whenever Grace's bright eyes appeared on the spot every one of the boots seemed to assume a more respectable and durable look, and brighten up, as if crying, " Oh, Miss Grace, do buy me! —we'd give anything to have your magic fingers and loving eyes always nesr us, to oheer us and keep our faces bright;" and then, every eyelet seemed to jump up in eager entreaty. At last one demure pair of men's boots had the happiness of being touched by Grace's hands, and then, oh, ecstacy! heard themselves paid for and bought, to be always with her, and to help her father over the rough roads and wet ground. To be sure they weren't so good as they had once been; they had been soled before — only once, mind; only once—and had an in genious patch on the upper, and two or three eyelets awanting; but. they were sound and strong below, and determined to spend them selves to the last fibre iu keeping the slush from Joseph Bo rimer's feet. Other boots—smaller, Indies' boots—seeing the good fortune of their old companions, and perhaps getting a peep at Grace's own feet, at once set up a sheut to be bought too, and Joseph Lorimer joined in with them, and entreated Grace to buy & pair for her own damp feet; but Grace only looked into her purse and thought of ccals and fcod for her father and something for his cough, and little accounts standing, as well as a fearful shadow of unpaid rent hang ing over all, and said " No" in a way that almost brought tears to the eyelets of the boots. " "We'll wait a little loDger, father," she 6*id, ■with & glad smile. '• There's plenty of time for me to get boots. We'll see how you get on at the theatre." Bir Joseph Lorimer had to be eonteat, and the soppy-soled boots he had worn were wrapped up in a paper, and he moved off with "the luxury of a pair oE solid firm heels beneath his feet, making him feel twenty pounds wealthier, and his arm in Grace's; and all the boots left behind seemed to ory after them— *■ Oome back soon—be sure and come baok soon, Bliss Grace. We will always be glad to see yon whether you buy ua or not. A glimpse of your eyes is as gocd as sunshine, or even the best of bleckiug, any day, Oh, what a happy man shall he be who shall be privileged to kiss your soft lipa and put a Btrong arm round you and call you his own for ever." Joseph Lorimer felt proud of his daughter, and shuddered as he looked back on the past and thought of what he might have been but for her. Proud, did I say ? The word is use Jess, weak, absurd, for the love of a father for his daughter is always different from any other love in the world, and deeper too if the truth were only known; and poor as he was at that moment he would not have surrendered thatjove for worlds upon worlds ef solid gold. Bound at their own stair at the Goosedubs they found Maggie waiting for them, carrying her child in her arms, and together they moved on towards the old Theatre Koyal, of Duulop street- At the stage entrance the street was almost blocked with children and girls waiting to get in, or anxious to be engaged, and Maggie being already a privileged being, and known by her smile to the old man keeping the door, was admitted at once—taking Joseph Lorimer with her, and leading him care fully at the dark places to make sure b6 did not tumble over a " Golden Preoipic9," or into a "Fairy Grotto in the island of Sbelie," perhaps to injure their lath and oanv^s, or rub off the paint or gold before it was dry. Up on the stage they found quite a stream of busy people there before them—ballet girls, head dancers with French names, painters, car penters, and even managers, and one anxious author, for the production of a pantomime had already been retarded beyond their expecta tions, and hundreds of hungry months were csger for its success, from the manager down to the captain of the Lillipufcian.army, who was just four years, and was to lead off the marches at an equal number of ohillings a week. But every cBe was so busy—even to the clean shaven, boares-voiced man superintending the making cf the oomio scenes, who was to play the part of a merry down, though now looking melancholy and stern enough at the thought of one of his tremeadouB leaps having to be cut out—every one was so busy, I Bay, that for some moments neither Joseph Lorimer nor his eaeer and ;bn"gbt-ejed guide were taken notice of. But'by-and-bye Maggie's child was pounced upon by the head dancer with the French name, ana cuddled and kissed in a way that would almost have made ons believe that even this bright fairy was a mother herself; and thea the proprietor, who had been busy with the anxious aether, noticed the child and then the mother with a kindly smile; and Maggie made bold to lead forward Joseph Lorimer and say— "If ycu please, eir, I heard you say you needed some one to help in tbe band; and this gentleman—his daughter has been so kind to me and baby!—thicks he would like to apply for tbo vacant post. They say he is a splendid musician," Bhe breathlessly added, in sn under tone," and has been a real gentleman, only been ruined by his good heart." The stout manager looked kindly at th9 a? - piicant, and heard Msggio politely to the ond; bat it did not escape the observation of Josoph Eorfmer that & constrained expression passed chillingly over the kind face in spite of the owdci'b good nature. " Second fiddle—well, ye3; I believe they do want something of the kind; but you know leaders are never content, and I hsive really had so many people to engage that I r.rn—not sure— if I could " The words died away reluctantly, and Joseph Lorimer was turning away iu deepest shamo to leave tbe place when it happened that the kind eyes of the manager met his, and remained charred to them in wonder and surprise. ''"Why!—what? It cannot be?" exclaimed the manager, in eager and joyful recognition. " It cannot be Mr. Lorimer, the Paisley mer chant ? Mr. Lorimer, my kind benefactor! it is indeed you!" And then the hand of the broken merchant was seized with a grasp of uumis takeable warmth and shaken violently, while Joseph Lorimer was too overpowered to even see or recognise the glistening-eyed speaker. (To be continued.) 