AMUSEMENTS. At the Theatre Royal last night " Struck Oil," one of the most popular plays that has been pro duced in this colony, was repeated before a large audience, The drama went extremely well, nnd tho varied incidents wore extremely enjoyed. The same programme will be given this evening, and during the week. On Saturday night the " Pirates of Penzanco" will be revived, and to suc ceed it we are promised the long expected " Patience." Miss George Smithson has made ns great a hit with the " Female Detectivo" as with her previous programmes. The new piece is pecularly adapted to her style, and she revels In the opportunities afforded her for dramatic and lyric display. Tho Queen's Theatre, last night was excellently at tended, and the performance proved entirely snccessful. No change will take place this week, but "Mnzeppa" is announced to bo in active preparation. Mr. D'Arcy Read.inhisentertainmont, has found assure a claim upon, public approval us that afforded by his " ghosts." Although of an entirely different character, " L'Agioscope" is not less attractive, and bids fair to become a feature among popular amusements. Last night the Victoria Hall was well attended, and the pictures were much applauded. The Gaiety Theatre was excellently attended last night. " It's Never too Late to Mend " ha3 a quality of attractiveness which rarely failB, and the production of Charles Iteade's great play at this theatre has fully carried out that view. But in addition to the cleverness and strong dramatic interest of the production, there is the excel lence of its present performance. Every member of Mr. Bay less' company, from Mr. Darapier to the least noticeable of the supernumeraries, is evidently made acquainted thoroughly with his or her work, cither by prolonged nnd cultured espe- ricucc. or by energy, determination, and careful attention, and hence tho success. Tlie scenery is perfect, and thcro is not much that could he added to the means already provided to secure success. The same drama will bo repeated this evening. Tho circus was most liberally patronised last night, and tbe clever performances of the members of Mr. Wilson's company wero provocative of great applause. Each item iu tlie programme is nttrac- tive or interesting, nnd tho wholo entertainment is one deserving of success. The same programme will he repented to-night, and on Wednesday another matinee will be given. Thcro have not been quite so many cases of " pitch and toss" boforo the police courts lately — tlie reason being, either that tho offence 1ms be come less common, or tho police less vigilant — but yesterday a young man named Kennedy, aged 21 years, was brought up at tho Central 1'olice Court lor " pitching and tossing" on tho previous day, between 11 and 12 o'clock in tlie morning, in a public plnce, off Harris-street. He pleaded guilty, aud was lined 20s ; or, in default, seven days'. 