n ,V! CHURCH REFORM, No. 4.' \r7 .! ' ; Atuanasian Creed., . .. ; , : , .The - Bishop of Sydney, in his address to the Diocesan Synod, 10th June, 1873, says : — " If we admit that our Church has impeifec-! thins! we mav be allowed to sav we know nothing more perfect, and that its imperfec- tions are capable of being removed, and that if we choose wc may help to remove them but he is !fearful that in 52 dioceses of the Colonial Church there may be found both Bishops and , Clergy and people so eccentric in their movements as to leave the Church of England as existing in her government ritual and articles." " It is against a contingency .of this kind , that an . enforced , though volun tary union with the Church of England, guards us." Yet the whole history of the Church proves that force lias, ever provoked resistance, and that mere separation from the Church of England has been beneficial than otherwise, as we, see in the Episcopal Church of the United States, the disestablished Church of Ireland, &c.;, affording, without anything like heresy, the removal of those " imperfections " which attach to the Church of England. This forced uniformity is directly opposite to the freedom of the laity Church, which was an ;union of doctrinso, and not of formularies, each diocese, differing in that respect. But the Bishop himself gives in this ud- ; dress a question on which a wide difference of opinion exists, as to the Athanasian Creed, which the Church tenaciously adheres to, and numbers hold different opinions on, .but it must not be amended or expunged. The Bishop himself states that it is said that the Creed makes no other statement than the. Scriptures themselves ; but it appears to ,say much more ; the definition of the Trinity and. the resurection of the dead I am thank- ful for; but I'regrot that it apparently places , the salvation"" of each individual upon not only ! the reception of these truths, but on the de finition, of these; truths. " Hemustthus think . of, -the Trinity " here we have facts softened down. into mere : appearances, and this in a question affecting the salvation of multitudes ; and that when the Bishop still further says, the Church of England has the right to omit clauses of warning if disposed to do so, such a change would not affect the doctrines of the Creed; &c.;, but would remove a stumbling block,' and afford relief to many of both the clergy and the laity;" but this apparent stumbling block which affects the consciences of-many must be perpetuated, because we are bound in "fetters" by our Constitution Act. This. Creed caused the schism between the Latin, and the. Greek Churches ; this Creed is . denied by, many churches, was riot the produc- . tion of Athanasius, the translation is defective is a mere uninspired production exalted into a standard of faith by which multitudes are consigned; " to perish everlastingly"; if they now: believe in what is bewildering in.' its composition, and is flatly, contradictory to the affirmations of our Saviour :(Matt. xii. -ch!) ; .and the Scripture; basis of Salvation, faith in Christ (John iii. ch.) . v, : / ,!r' : j . The: Bishop refers to the discussion' at Home on the, Earl of iShaftsbury'sPetitiori, (discussed in the Convocation; arid rejected. . - i ; In the Lower House of Convocation where there,, are; no .lay-members, the division was all but unanimous to retain the, Creed, but in the Upper House there was a-great difference of opinion; : The reason; assigned for'j.the clergy being unanimous was that they distinguished be- . tween the repetition of- , the Creed and Any personal , application . of sects or. churches : which was rather Jesuitical. : The Oxford Professors gave their dictum that the Creed did not condemn involuntary : ignorance or iriyincible prejudice as hindering1 acceptance of the Truth. Others decided that . the Damnatory Clauses only reached apostates. The . Archbishop of Canterbury, however, settied'the question— "it is not: inspired, a human composition ; the Damnatoiy Clauses aru by us who have subscribed knowing that there is. some explanation which prevents these clauses from having the full force which gram matically they appear to have." Happy logic ; something akin to the Roman Catholic dogma of Intention; , : : ; . The Bishop of Winchester proposed it should be put at the end of the Prayer Book, while Wheatly, a high authority, says : — " We are not required by the word of the! Creed to believe the whole on pain of damna tion ; all that is; required; :as necessary to Sal-! vation is to! hold the Catholic faith. From the 26 v., is only brought as A proof or illhStra- tion therefore, it requires our assent no 'more than a Sermon;" Yet the Creed says " with out dout " Athanasius never saw the Creed ; his definition of the Trinity is simple find beautiful— the Father can't be called the Son, not the Son tho Father ; the Holy Ghost is never called the Son, but the Spirit of Father and the Son'. The Holy Trinity is one Divine nature— one God with which a creature . can't be , joined. This is sufficient for our faith ; 'human, know ledge goes no further. i.i Our Saviour saith ail manner of sin . shall be forgiven, &c.;, but the sin against the Holy Ghost. Is this then the. sin set forth in the Creed; if not, the Creed contradicts Christ, and we have in the Creed a new standard of an unpardonable sin, the dictum of we don't know who. ' More light has been thrown on this question by the further Synodical Declaration of 'the Lower House in form of an exposition, which ; the Bishops made several objections to, : amongst others, that the statement tliat the .Creed did not make any addition to the Apostles and the Nicene Creed — for it. did— it made the addition of everlasting punish ment ;ahd, others as well ; the statement wbb therefore not correct. The Bishops of Winchester, Gloucester, and Salisbury, proposed to adopt the declaration of the Lower House of the Synod of York ; the Bishop of; Llandaff proposed further embod iments ; but, after a long discussion a clause from the York Synod with alterations was adopted. - ' " The Bishop of Winchester proposed that : the Creed of Athanasius is not to be under stood as making any addition of faith as con tained in the Holy Scriptures, but as a warn ing against errors. ,, The Bishop of Norwich was inclined to move the rejection of the Creed altogether. : The Bishop of Exeter would second the Bishop of Norwich's amendment, and made several objections to the gross wording of the Creed, the declaration added to the difficulty as to what the Creed did not mean, so left the congregation to say one thing with the know ledge that what they said was not so (the dogma of reserve), the matter so perplexing will serve as a future reference. What are we to believe, the Creed itself, or the Bishop's will. The Creed in this debate is made co-equal and infallible with the Scrip tures ; the church can't lose a Creed, however equivocal it may be, but rather distort its mean ing than amend or regret it ; will the Colonial Churches endorse this verdict, that without doubt, all must perish everlastingly who do not believe ;in this exposition so dogmatic and norm ovtn r RICHARD SADLEIR. From recent events which have transpired upon the European Continent, unmistakable indications have been given on the part.of the people concerning their inherent and irre- pressible desire for much-needed reforms in social and religious life. In Russia vast and powerful under-currents have so shaken the foundations of despotism, that a revolution is inevitable ; a crisis has come which' must terminate in a new era. In Austria and Spain a change in the old order of things, when ignorance and- superstition reigned ; supreme, is becoming more and more discernible ; while France and Germany have been vying with each other for some time past in the progress of reformative measures affecting society'and religion. Still, it is orily when we turn . to Italy that tendencies to social arid religibus ohariges become most marked and extraor dinary. There, in the very home of Catholic ism, is to be seen one of the mightiest re actions ever evinced against the intolerable claims of the Romish Church. There, where truth1 has found it so difficult to make head way, there, error now finds it as equally diffi cult to hold its own. There, where popes have ever ruled, and, by idolatrous homage, have been deified, the discovery has been made that the remains of one Of them, by no means the, worst, cannot be carried through the streel v ) ! ime without- pro- vbkiiig one of thos> erical dembnstra- tions 'which so uc » » Ibly indicate' 'the drift'of public sent , j 1 ' H'A l>.''"hi Arid ' though' the .iome who 'would .tone down this violii . ' .'ifiak of 'long-sup pressed feeling to I >-> )re ' than -the vin- dictiveness of - a few rash youths,' ' the very thought of such a thing: is at once dispelled by a perusal of the anti-clerical journals, which are even more violent thaii the original behaviour of the mob- One paper, the Capitale , uses lengthy arguments to justify the shouts of " Throw him into the river," and other scandalous cries raised by the rioters;'as the body described by another paper, as " the carrion of Pius IX." was conveyed along the streets;:(. ;!)/ i ' ! -The Lega della Democrazia, in a sketch of the late (Pope, 'speaks of him as follows :— "Pius. IX; : was a fool. He personified the Catholic Church now reduced to a piece of monstrous folly. He initiated with uncon scious inspiration the resurrection of Italy. He consecrated thirty years to. repenting of it and to killing again, and re-entombing tlfis his country. When he returned ;from Gaeta he trod underfoot, as , he ascended to the Vatican, the corpses of 4000. youths who had defended the Roman Republic with the same seraphic smile with ' which lie . had 1 imparted the benediction' to1 the Roman people in happier days." After continuing1 at' length in this strain; it concludes by saying; " Well, then the Clericals of Rome seized the oppor tunity of the removal of the remains/bf tliis ' Pontifice parricida pagliaccio —this parricide tom-fool of a Pontiff — to make a demonstra- — tion of hatred to Italy, to human right, and to the modern world ; a demonstration revealing the hope that this /country may be undone and subjected to the slavery of the past. They were hissed, and we applauded those hisses. We should have applauded still more had the remains of the great 'sciocco' been flung from the bridge of St. Angelo into the Tiber." Such is the language of largely-patronised periodicals in Roine itself. And when the almost daily anti-clerical demonstrations and cries ,of //' Death to the Pope," heard beneath the very /windows of the Vatican/ , are taken' into serious consideration, these misnamed " straws" are seen not only to be indicating with unerring accuracy the course of things, but their; importance is known to be, shaping the future policy of Pope Leo; who now seems to be hesitating as to his only alterna tive of abiding in self-iniposed imprisonment in the Vatican, or becoming a fugitive to Vienna. These events reveal at once the res pective positions of the people and Papacy in Italy ; they show that the alleged successor of the bravest of Christ's apostles is too timid to entrust," himself in the hands of liis own flock/i <and countrymen without legions'-' of Boldiers to guard him ; and at the same time they reveal that the Pope himself is nowhere else held in such supreme contempt as he is in Rpme and the Italian cities. ,So that,-, after all, i there is truth in the statement," "'The' nearer to Rome, less Romish you become." But the Italians, in order"' to snow that their contempt exists/towards the system of the Papacy as well as the personal- presumptions of the Pontiff, are now directing their, invec tives against the senseless, images', arid irelics which are publicly and idolatrously adprecl the Eternal City. "The people, instead of bowing down and mumbling Latin prayers to these, objects ofnPopish devotion; are actually! manifesting iconoclastic tendenciesand threa ten to destroy these "graven ' arid' 'spurious re presentations of " saints" persons,. vestments,, and bones. Meanwhile, the efforts of Christian' ministers and citizens in Rome and other places are being, abundantly/ owried(lofvGocl, and appreciated by the masses. Men who have lost faith in priests, 'arid ."'forTwant of something better had takeu refuge in infidelity and licentiousness,, are being reclaimed, and are beginning to see that Protestantism is really, an open and straightforward ;systeml which courts inquiry and inakes good its position by appeal, -to the , Scriptures,; ;even women, the doubly enslaved of ' Rome, are not so far behind in. disentangling themselves from, and casting off/ her galling chains of thraldom. Thus Christianity is meeting the arderit 'breathings "'after religious and social reform in Italy. The. Gospel is shedding forth its rays, and revealing the deceptions of the. .Vatican.,, The faithful feWjfrom.lamidi the ' wreckage of Romanism are. gathering spiritual stones; arid: ;ereetirig: by far 'a'riobl'ef ; temple than Solomon's or St. Peter's.vAnd.while error is bemoaning her just reward, truth is triumphing in her holy warfare and manifold victories. God, grant that as the serpent's head is thus bruised/ the whole 'systonoi mhy AvnAriAnnp. fliA fllinnlr. 'nnrl'tiriTVPrahntr "hnprvmnv as poHverless. — Neio Zealand Protestant. ' . .cc-.i'./iu :n Ram OH 