TVe feel satisfied that Mr. Murray Smith and his friends know very well in their hearts that they aro asking tho Government to take a course, not only completely without pre cedent, but at variance with party and Parliamentary ethics, when they re- auire it to send the Reform Bill to a oommittoo of the two Houses at this stage. Let them consider for one moment what would bo the cil'ect of their advico if every Government wore to net upon it. Take, for example, tho case of a Go vernment whose existence was imperilled by tho measure it was deliberating upon. Suppose, for the sake of argument, Mr. Berry was in doubt as to whether ho was strong enough to carry his bill safoly through committee. Would the Oppo sition be ready to assist him out of his dilemma by taking the responsibility off his shoulders and throwing it oil those of an irresponsible body such as a select committee would be 1 On tho contrary, would not the leaders of the Opposition, with Mr. Murray Smith at its head, protest against so glaring a trick 1 Would not they be the first to charge Mr. Berry with a shameful evasion of his pledges to the electors, on the strength of which he obtained office 1 Their argument would bo that tho scheme of reform which ho was carrying through the House was the scheme which he asked the country to sanction, that it formed the distinctly enun ciated policy of tho Government, and that tho Government was bound to stand or fall by it. And who does not see at once that this reasoning would bo absolutely irrefutable, and that the Go vernment would not have a ghost of a roply to make to it 1 This being the case, how can Mr. Murray Smith fairly persist in a course which we feel quito certain is directly opposed to the pri vate dictates of his Parliamentary con science 1 Or how can he expect Mr. Berry to do something which he would be the very first to condemn him for doing under loss favorable circum stances 1 Tho more the matter is looked into, the more untenable is the position taken up by tho Opposition. They have not a single extenuating plea to justify them. Thoir conduct is purely factious, and it is calcu lated not only to raiso doubt3 about their sincerity of purpose, but to renew the old spirit of irritation which we had hoped had been allayed for ever. Tho proper course for both parties to follow is so plain that wo almost feel ashamed to state it. Tho bill before the House is a Government bill. It is the bill in which the Government embodied its reform policy when it went before tiio constituencies last J uue ; and the Govern ment can no more let that bill go out of its hands into tho bunds of an irrespon sible committee than it can abdicate any of its other functions. The House is in possession of the bill, and it is bound to give it its final shape before it sends it up to tho Council. For how otherwise is the Council to know what the will of the IIouso with" respect to' tho measure may be 1 It would bo trifling with tho Council, in fact, to require its repre sentatives to consider a measure that is confessedly incomplete. It would bo quite justified if it declined to attend a conference upon such measure — a mea sure which is not only not officially before it, but which the Assombly itself cannot be said to have mado up its mind about. What tho Council would pro bably say to the Assombly would be, " Vv'g have sent you down a bill pre- " pared and formulated, as a bill of " this importance ought to bo. If you " do not like what we have sent you, " let us know by some equally formal " expression of your will what it is you " do like 1 The two bills — one of tliem " passed by your chamber, and the other " of tbein passed by ours — wii_ thon be " formally before our representatives in " conference assembled, who will bo duly " authorised to deliberate upon them, " and whose deliberations will be " assisted by an accurate know- " ledge of what both parties desire." It is uo reply to this straightforward reasoning to say that if the two Houses have settled respectively what they want before tliey go into committee, neither of them will bo disposed to budge from the position it has taken np. It is too lato to urge this argnraent now, even if there was any intrinsic force in it — and for this reason : because tho Council has already committed itself by passing its bill. Why should the Assembly hot be entitled to do just as much ? or why should the prospects of the Assembly giving way after its bill has been passed be more doubtful than those of the Council? We suppose that Mr. Murray Smith will not pretend to argue that the Council cannot bo expected to alter its terms because its terms are already em bodied iu a bill ; and why should tho argument be considered good as against the Assembly ? As we said before, wo feel that some apology is due for debating such a question ; and if tho Opposi tion aro determined upon wasting good time upon it, wo can only advise the Government and its supporters to give them ropo enough and let them hang themselves in the eyes of the public. The public, or at any rato that large section of it which placed the Government in power to carry out a cer tain well-dofiucd policy, will look to the Government to stand by its pledges and not abate one jot of its responsibility. It is particularly necessary just now that everything should bo done strictly in order. Thero must be no room left to tho enemies of Liberalism to say that there has been any innovation upon existing Parliamentary practice. Step must follow step in regular constitu tional progression, till tho goal is reached at which both parties may co operate to settle their differences at the conference tablo. Any ting short of this ought to satisfy neither party, and tho Conserva tives are only throwing discredit upon their motives by asking for less. Tliey have no authority for saying that the Council will aceept less, and thoy have no right to urgo the Government to do less. A Government that should do less would be guilty of a gross dereliction of duty. It would be courting tho con tempt of every right- minded man of either party ; and wo venture to say that nobody would have been quicker to con demn it than tho very men who would now mislead it if they could. We once moro recommend Mr. Berry, in conclusion, . to resolutely refuse tho bad advice that is offered liim, and stand by the law and practice of Parlia ment and his own pledges. Any othor course may bo fraught with serious mis chief, aud certainly no othor course, iu view of further eventualities, would bo safe. We do not believe that tho Upper Houso will really show itself as hostile to tho Government bill as its frionds undcrtako to say for it ; and for many reasons. In tho first placo its friends have most of them given iu their adhesion to tho main proposals of tho bilL Thoy have most of them admitted the justice and " safety " of giving all tho ratepayers a vote, and some of them have adoptod the abolition of the money qualification for members. Some of them, too, st\ch as Mr. Wrixon, liavo shown that this is the only English-speaking country in the world with an eloctivo class Upper Houso, and that othor legis latures got on very well where tho two Houses are elected on tho same basis. Theso arguments aro not likely to bo thrown away upon constitutional stu dents liko Dr. Hearn ; whilo wo do not think that Sir Charles Sluden can bo so far gone in favor of his own bill as to be insensible to them. But in the next placo tho Council cannot he wholly blind to the consequences of taking up an un compromising attitude, when everybody else is disposed to arrive at a settlement of tho question. It cannot be prepared to say, " I will not take this bill, con- " cossive as it is. I have successfully " snubbed tho Assembly throo separate " times, by rejecting three separate bills. " And I willrepcat the experiment. True, " it is tho representative body in tho lo- " gislaturc, speaking for over 200,000 of " tho grown men of the colony, whilo I " spoak for only 32,000. Nevertheless, " am I not entrenched behind the Con- " stitution Act ? I will throw out this " bill as I have thrown out others, and " 1" will make reform impossible till I " get only just such a reform as it will " suit my interests to take." Such is the language which Murray Smith and his friends virtually put into tho mouths .of tho Council, when they pretend that it will not hear of the Government measure upon any terms. Is it to bo wondered at that any xnan calling himself a Liberal should listen to such langungo with impatience, and be tempted to ask himself, flow long is the majority to be brow-beaten and bo obstructed by a minority, whose only claim is that it represents " the wealth " of the country, and is unwilling that " the " property" of tho country should have any share in its prerogatives ? For' this is what Mr. Service says it amounts to. Property versus wealth ! A hundred and sixty thousand ratepayers against sixty thousand ! Onght the issno of such a contest to be doubtful for a mo ment ? Tiif. impeachment of the Rev. Charles Strong for heresy is a proceeding that deserves to bo carefully studiodby all who have tho interests of religion at heart. In October last Mr. Strong published a short articlo on tho Atonement iu the F tr ior tan, Jteview, and is now being called in question for tho views ho expressed before tho Prosbytery of Melbourne. The prosecutor, Mr. M'Eachran, declares that ho only wishes for a conference, in which the views of Mr. Strong's clorieal brethren are lo bo set ''calmly and " kindly" before liim ; and he cites a case of a clover young man in Toronto who was brought back to a belief in tho devil and hell through the kindness and forbearance with which the clergy talked to him. The instance is reassuring, but minds in Canada must, wo think, be differently constituted from minds in Victoria," if tho young sceptic was conciliated by a denunciation in open court on charges which had not been communicated to him beforehand. Mr. Strong seems to think that he has been subjected to somewhat sharp practice, and wo suspect tho pub lic at large will agree with him. Neither do we feel thoroughly satisfied with the spirit in which Mr. M'Eachran proceeded to deal with the passages on which ho grounds his complaint. Mr. Strong has said that thero is 'J a less distinctive and " somewhat different doctrine " in tbo first three gospels from what we find in the writings of St. Paul and St. John. His opponent slightly changes this into an assertion that tho three gospels " teach a somewhat different doctrine, " declares that Mr. Strong seems to emphasise theso words— which ho has not written — and comments upon the iniquity of saying that two infailiblo writers can teach different doctrines. The heresy is surely of Mr. M'Eachran's own making. Mr. Strong, has said nothing more than that different men may express the samo thought in different ways, just as light may break in different colors through difforent panes of glass of uneven thick ness or composition. In fact, he lias given his meaning very clearly in another passage which Mr. M'Eachran attacks, and in which Mr. Strong says that wo cannot all think in exactly tho same way as even John, or James, or Paul. " Taken by itself." says the prosecutor, " that might seem a harmless sentence," but " the impression which the words " convey to my raind is that if we cannot " think in exactly tho samo way as John, " or James, or 'aul, we are at liberty to " differ from them." Could tho worst passage in a charge from Judge Jeffreys bo moro unfair than this 1 Mr. Strong has used blameless words, but tho pres bytery is asked to condemn him because theyconveyan impression of unsoundness to Mr. M'Eachran's mind. Wo need not go more at length into tho speech, for all is moro or less of tho samo kind. Boeauso. Mr. Strong has quoted tho views of Lessing and Origen, of Maurice, Robertson and M.'Leod Campbell, with out appending in every instance a dis claimer of their doctrine, ho is to bo regarded as having expressed sympathy with them. Ho is to apologise, not for any proven heresy, but for having pained Mr. M'Eaohran'B sensitive mind by language that might bo so inter preted as to suggest a distant affinity to unorthodox doctrine. The days of old French terrorism, when a man was guillotined for being suspected of being a suspoctod porson, contain nothing moro extravagant in thoir theory of injustice than Mr. M'Eachran's charge. The question at issue of course lies deeper than the present controversy has as yet disclosed. Substantially, what has to be decided, not perhaps in this ease, or soon, but before many years have passed, is first what is to be the liberty of clergymen who have subscribed articles of faith, and next, whether subscription ought to be retained. Hitherto the great argument' for subscription has been that it allowed absolute liberty out side certain definite boundaries. Tho clergyman who has onco signed, so long as ho does not ostentatiously disavow his own subscription, is to bo considered a faithful member of the ministry. In tho Church of England, whero questions of ' heresy always como iu a practical shape. "before a lay tribunal, tho result has been that a clergyman may practically teach anything except the doctrino of tho Mass or Unitarianism. Nevertheless, no ono can say that tho Church of Eng land has not a perfectly dofinito doctri nal code, or has not maintained a dis tinct individuality. Even whero its writers aro Roinish or Geuovnn in ten dency, they still keep tho unmis takably Anglican character, just as an Englishman on tho Continent cannot disguise his nationality whatovor dress ho may wear or whatever tonguo ho may speak. Tho influences of tradition, of association, of ritual, nro strongor in tho long run than eccentricities of individual character or than any influences of foreign thought. Tho church changes altogether if it change at all, and thus its mutations aro scarcely percoptiblo. But it is no paradox to say that the Church of England owes this homo- geneonsness to the resolute way in which its clergy have refused to bo bound by any except tho established Articles of Faith. There have beon attempts from timo to time by individual bishop3 to mako candidates for orders define tho sense iu which they subscribed particular articles, and tho clergy havo invariably resisted and defeated those usurpations. Tho elastic formularies, which wero devised as terms of compromise in tho first instance, have been stretched till thoy include almost every one who could possibly wish for inclusion in tho na tional church. Thero is no reason why tho Church of Scotland should not imi tate its sister church. Many of tho doc trines embalmed in tho Shorter Catechism are practically obsolete, such as no ono cares to believe or to dispute. The few which are still vital, such as tho doctrine of the atonement, aro penetrated in men's minds with tho new life of the ago ; and the firmest believer in many instances cannot, if ho would, hold them as they were held by Calvin or Knox. He may grasp them as strongly ; and un less the religious experience and thought of centuries are to count for nothing, he is likely to see them in a fuller light ; but it is no more natural to him' to limit himself by sixteenth century definitions than to wear doublot aud trunk hose. The clergy ought to accept the situation. Thero is no disposition at present to sweep away the old symbols of faith so long as these are kept in their proper place as mero links of historical continuity. But if they are to be interpreted as legal bonds, men of honor and common sense — tho men who aro tho life blood of the church — will refuse to subscribe them. In that case we shall undoubtedly get a chango which tho clergy would be the first to deplore; congregations calling thoniselvos Scotch or Anglican, and keeping up the tradition of either church, but bound by no articles of faith at all, or by some such selected articles as each particular congregation may have approved. Neither can it be doubted that in such an event earnestness, insight and self- sacrifice will be on tho side of the secedcrs ; and the party of rigid con servatism will retain nothing, except certain antiquarian relics of religious phraseology aud thought. 