spirit of fisc Wxt$$. Prince Bismarck en route to Canossa. (From the, Spectator.) more valuable lessons in politics have ever been given to European statesmen than Prince Bismarck's surrender of the .May Laws, announced to the world by the appointment of Dr. Korum to the See of Treves, and by the proposed law legalising- the despatch of a Minister to the Vatican. The Gorman Chan cellor tried the policy of religions persecution under the most favourable circumstances, and yet it utterly failed, leaving behind it results which for him are altogether disastrous. When he commenced his Kulturkampf—his war of artillery against ghosts—he had on his own side advantages which, except when the victims were dews, persecuting rulers in modern times have very seldom enjoyed. Hr had the support of threc-lifth.s of’ his own people, and of a physical force which made resistance to the laws absolutely hope less. His king, though doubtful of his success, was with him in object ; his majority was with him heartily, his army was with him practically, and an immense body of opinion in all Continental countries was entirely on his side. The armv of .officials was so entirely sympathetic that the laws have been carried out in all their rigour, until it is calculated that no less than seven Prussian Sees are vacant, ami that more than a thousand parishes have been left without the ollices of religion. Moreover, the Church which he attacked was in a singularlv bad position for lighting hard. Its chief had lost 1 lie sympathy of many Catholic Germans by bis assumption of Infallibility, while his successor was a moderate man, averse to extremities, and exceedingly disinclined to an internecine quarrel with any Government. The Catholics of Prussia had no leader of any conspicuous position or great mental power, their natural chiefs—the Catholic Ilohen zollerns, the h'adziwils and Hohcnlohes— being far too closely bound to the State for resistance, or even remonstrance. Xo Catholic State was in a position to intervene on their behalf, even with advice. The Catholic Prussians themselves, though irritated, were by no means in a mood for rebellion. Thev 11dt, from all the evidence, towards Prince r.ismarck as the English Puritans felt towards (L)11ecu Elizabeth,—ready to hurrah for her as victor over the Armada, while their ears were being cut otf by her orders. So much was at stake, that even religion was, with loyalists, hut. one consideration among many. It was known, too, that many Catholics thought a moderate “lesson” would do their Hishops good, that among cultivated Catho lics there was much cool scepticism and more practical secularism, and that on the great bod)' of them their religion sat with a lightness not uncommon in Catholic States, but which Lnglishnieii, accustomed to Catho lic converts and Catholic Irishmen, altogether fail (orelise. Nevertheless, the attempt from the very lirst hopelessly failed. The Bishops were driven from their sees in vain, for the clergy were not subdued. The parishes were !<‘fl. vacant in vain, for the Catholics put up with an ad htScvha and, indeed, often a wan dering ch-ryy. The Hocks which had been cool suddenly yrew warm, until the priest hood declared that there had been an obvious revival of yraoe—that is, of spiritual Catho licism—and until at the elections (he Catho lic Party in Parliament became a separate en tity and the strnnyest of all sinyle. factions. All Conservative Catholics—and Catholic.--, where “ laithlul, are almost necessarily Con servative -wen' lost to Prince Bismarck at, the very moment, when he needed their vote : while tla- Piherals, at lirst del iyht ed. y rail nail y found that the persecutiny spirit rapidly ex tends itself into the reyions of civil life, and deserted (In' Protestant Chancellor, Xothiny whatever was yained. either for tin* dynasty, which was made to appear partial : or for tla' Kmpire, which was threatened with a new a.nyle ol elcavayc ; or lor the. kinydom, whose laws were mi't by the most, deadly form of resistance, passive hut immovable disobedience: or for the Chancellor himself, who yained no fresh adherents, and saw a rapid increase of Socialism, ('specially in Catholic Silesia, directed ayainst all he. ap proved, as well as ayainst his own person. Tie' May Laws did not. swell the Socialist ranks directly, lmt they made it easier for Catholic workmen with Socialist proclivities to act against a persecuting Government. The Chancellor is strong and obstinate, and he persevered with his accus tomed tenacity, so that the experiment was fairly tried, until at last the hour arrived when he must have Catholic support, or stand alone in Germany with the old feudal party, which alone among the parties does not heartily desire to complete the unity of the Empire. it has an instinct that German Particularism protected privilege, and that unity may sweep away the nobles, as well as the subordinate kings. Of course, under those circumstances, Prince Bismarck, with whom persecution is a weapon, and not a desire, who is statesman before all things, and quite capable, if lie had Mahommodan subjects, of tolerating the Ulema, yielded, and came to an arrangement with the Papacy, under which it is well understood that the .May Laws are to he held in abeyance until it is convenient to repeal them, or so mildlv executed that they will not contravene the principles of the Church. The See of Treves has been idled up, and the re maining vacancies will he gradually pro vided for. Everything returns to its old position, with those exceptions,—that the Catholics know (hat their creed is only respected by the Government from policy, that the State has failed to carry an important series of measures supposed to be essential to its dignity, and that. Catholic Conservatism lias been, perhaps dually, separated from the kind of Conservatism which Prince Bismarck and the Hohen/ollerns approve. The Catho lie nave learnt to see, what: the .1 ajmey saw from the Jirst—that the aggrandisement of a Protestant kingdom, however desirable in other respects, might not he favourable to j their creed. Kvery on--, of those changes is a serious injury, cither to Prince Pismarek’s personal power, or to those ideas winch lie so cordially desires to see prevail ; and thev have all been developed by bis own failure to perceive that physical force, unless exerted to exterminate, is a powerless weapon against a creed. It is not true that persecution cannot suppress a ladh, but the persecutors must slay. That is the- teaching of all history, though the Kings, with Ghettos in every capital to warn them, seam unable to learn the lesson. Prince Birmarek, however, lias learnt it, at last, and after a. struggle of eight .years lias abandoned the contest, having achieved nothing-, except to make German ('atholics decidedly less favourable to himselC, to the dynasty, and to the Bmpire. it was just the same in Ireland, where the1 persecution was so much severe, and will lie just the same in Franco, where, probable, It will be limited to the in diction of disabilities. It is ipiite possible that if M. Gumbctta and the new Chamber legislate against the Church —say, by forbidding all priests to leach, or to enter secular schools—there will be hiss resistance, from the people, even in Catholic districts, than was at one time believed. The ('lections and the instructions given to the Deputies seem to prove that the peasant heads of families, who nearly all. be it remembered, were fired up under the Umpire, when the priests were treated as privileged persons, entertain an angry suspicion of the elergv, as hostile to e<pia!ity. and are prepared to endure a policy which will leave the priest free only within his cluireli-walls. Bill in availing themselves ol that temper, which may he inommiiary, and is one rathe]- of suspicion than hale, ihe Kepuhliean leaders will only prepare for ihemselves future disasters. The “ faith fill,” however few thev may he, will only be hound the more together in a dislike of a form of government, which thev- think perilous to 1 heir children's souls. The priesthood, instead of becoming slowly national, will become slowly fanatic. The women, whose inllnem-e is so great, will regard the Republic with the hitter dis like. with which women id wavs regard those who at once oppress then- con sciences and irritate tiieir o itnuir-jii'u/H'C. All that is hostile to the Bepulilic will he more hostile, more determined, more strong. rfhe hostile may not be. numerous, though we suspect the enormous number of abstainers from the poll were mostly Catholic Republicans, sympathising with the Gam bettists on every side but the religious one, and then.'fore unable to vote ; but suppose them—an absurd supposition—only as nume rous as the llugnenots ever were. What French statesman in his senses would, merely to gratify his own fanaticism or that of his supporters, call up a Huguenot party in France, create a body of Irreconeilables linked in sympathy with half the population, and unable to doubt—for persecution soon developed fanaticism—that opposition to Ite puhlicfuiism was obedience to God ? Such a policy seems as foolish, altogether apart from its immorality, as it would be for the British Government to prescribe Methodist class meetings, or order Oongregutionalists to allow women to become deacons ; yet it is next to certain that a policy of this kind will be at tempted, and like the Kulturkampf, will, for a time, be popular with the majority. The example of Prince Bismarck will have no more effect than the example of the English penal laws, and politicians otherwise able will try to destroy priestly iniluence, by compelling the priests either to become useless citizens or active propagandists of the doctrine that re ligion and a Bepublie cannot co-exist. The Clericals, hints M. Gambetta, in his other wise most conservative speech of Sunday, are the “link” between all parties hostile to the Republic ; so lie proposes to rivet the link by a little hammering, till it becomes stronger than the bodies it connects, and they cannot separate again. Nothing could unite Imperi alists and Monarchists, except a common cleri calism and a common hatred of the .Republic ; so M. Gambetta strengthens the clericalism, and gives the hatred an honourable cause. That is not statesmanship. 