THE SALVATION ARMY. [BY J.J. W.] "The church militant" is a phrase which has gained a fresh significance due the establish-<*> ment of a Salvation Army. Adelaide is, I believe, the first Australian city where this unique and noisy organization has erected: "barracks," and earned ont the j^y*"""? laid down by the original founder of the army. It has been erroneously supposed that the Salva tion Army is a frhwify of * ra^y*^ origin, but after enquiry I found that it mi «rig?w*fryi in the East-end of London, in the year 1865, by Mr. William Booth, its present teader or "general;"the "headquarters" being at 873, Whitechapel-road. A military form of organi zation has beeo adopted, which, both faun its novelty and adaptability to the natoreof the work to be attempted, is found to answer wett« So show the extent of the efforts put forth, it may be mentioned that the Salvation Army bad, in July 1879, 102 corps, under the command of 170 offioers, using for ser vices weekly 133 theatres, rnnsis halls. warehoutes, and other bondings ; holding about 40,000 open-air services and 50,000 indoor cervices annually; preaching n?« gospel to 61,600 people indoors every Sunday evening, and to about two million people in the staesta every week. Its operations are not confined to London, bat extend to the provinces, to America, and to Sooth Australia. The branch of the army in this city has not yet besn in existence a year; yet in nine months it has so grown and prospered that a cotniccdicu? and substantial stone build ing has been erected as barracks at the soutii corner cf Morphett- street and Light-square. This building was erected by Sir. Hooker, of Hindley- street, who is an enthusiastic soldier in the Salvation Army, at a cost of about £LJSOO ; the value of the land is fully another £L590. The barracks, which are rented, include a large hall, in whioh religious meetings are carried on both on weekdays and Sundays; galleries run down each side of the building and across one end, and the place would accommodate about 1,200 people. At the rear are "Captain" Sutherland's comfortable quarters; his wife alto stjlee herself "Oaptain," and in this peculiar "army " the females seem to hold equal rank with the " lords of creation." There are about seventy members on the roll in ■Mfilnirttr. and constant additions are being made to the ranks. The work is all aggressive. Many excellent people take exception to the modus optrtmdi of the Salvation Army. The usual complaint or criticism is that there is ton much noise and excitement, and too little of reference fer sacred things in their services. But much may be said in defence of the plan adopted. It has stood the beat of all tests, via, it has borne good fruit in the most unpromising neigh* borhoods, and has been the means fit attracting and reforming many of the most degraded of both eexes. There are classes in the lower strata of ecciety (both British and colonial) that can not and will not be reached by means of the decorous, and " respectable," and sedate style of go-to-meeting effort; but they are reached by such methods as are systematically and perseveringly employed by the active workers of the Salvation Army. " Captain" Sutherland aad his wife were sent out by "General" Booth, from London, to prosecute this work here. The large number of recruits that have joined the cause since Mr. Sutherland's arrival is a proof of his activity, earnestness, and suitability for the work. It is quite a mistake to suppose that the men and women who parade oar streets, singing religious songs to popular tunes, are a lot of wild and thoughtless fanatics, carried away by mere blind enthusiasm. On the con trary, they are working on a definite plan to accomplish a definite result, and are acting " under orders." They claim the NewTesta> me?t as their warrant, and use the "Sword of the Spirit" with unflinching hand. The army is recruited almost exclusively from the working classes, and these people, having been rescued from sin and vice, from drunken ness and immorality themselves, gladly devote their leisure time to ceoure the salvation of others. It m?y not be out of place to quote the opinions of two eminent personages:—"l believe " (says the Archbishop of Canterbury) "that is the only way we shall be able, in the enormous population of this ever-growing coun try, to maintain the cause of our Lord and Master—to weloome every Tolunteer whs is willing to assist tike regular forces, and to arm, so far as we eea, the whole population in the cause of Jetus Ghost." In the opinion of the Karl of Shafteebury, "The working classes will never be reached bat by an agency provided from ameng themselves." Many similar testimonies could be adduced* The Salvation Army has a literature of its own, published chieny in London. The War Crg is a half-penny weekly journal devoted to the interests of the Salvatiaa Army. It contains "all the latest news of the war"(ejsfaat em and evil), and there is moon eerjHetneas of purpose displayed in some «f the articles. A work c&titled; "Heathen Sngtend and the Salvatitn Atmy" to alao very popular, among the. ftteeds ud sjdhetcnb) of the cause. Nauijron pamphlets have bean published from, time to time, explaining 4fee «bjttta whicli the pro moters >i?xe in view, or defending tin e?u«e from mush critics or from misrepresentation. The Bishop of. Carlisle spoke in September last in adverse ti""* of the army and its mode of This brought out Mn. Booth, wife of the "General," and she addressed ? crowded meeting at the Theatre Soya], Carlisle, and ably defended toe army and its pronssdingg. Her address has been published in pamphlet form There can be no doubt tbat in Great Britain, in America, and elsewhere, the Salvation Army is doing a real and much needed work. So far tuccef s has, I am told, in a marked manner attendee the efiarta pat forth in Adelaide. 