MR. GUNN'S SEAT. TO THE EDITOR OF THE MERCURY. Sir,-The indecent lurking after Mr. Gunn's seat will not be satisfied and Mr. James is once more doomed to disappointment, in his recent travels through Sorell, whilst he aimed at the pigeon, he felt he would surely kill the crow ; but it is too long a shot, for Mr. Gunn will be in his old roost in the House of Assembly before this month is out, and will not give up the ghost till the House in which he holds a seat becomes dissolved. He intends to return to and settle in Tasmania, where, in writing to, from Melbourne last week, a friend here, he says he hopes to spend his days, " a wiser and a better man." Mr. Gray can rest easy for a while without risking his health and strength, and sacrificing " the needful " in struggling for another seat. I was pleased to see the views expressed by Councillor Coram, and acquiesced in by the rest of the councillors, when, at the last meeting of the Sorell Council, Captain Copping drew attention to Mr. Gunn's absence from the colony, and wished a resolution passed calling upon him either to return or resign. Captain Copping's remarks had the merit of straightforwardness, and were characteristic of the "good old tar," but they were neither generous nor wise, whilst they were undoubtedly ill-timed. Mr. Gunn has spent nearly ten of the best years of his life in representing Sorell. In doing so he has not benefited himself one penny, but he has benefited the district. Telegraphic communication with all parts of the colony and daily postal communication are amongst some of his works, whilst the extension of the line to Dunolly was his very last act. He supported a Ministry which made the road from Cambridge to the Causeway as good as any in the colony. He supported the Main Roads Maintenance Act, which is a boon to Sorell and every motion for improving the roads of the district not only had his vote, but were prompted by him. He has invariably been the supporter of good government, and I challenge any one to put his finger on a single vote which he has ever given that has been adverse to the interests of his constituents on the colony at large. He is not a flower but a quiet worker, and though his name is not like that of some members everlastingly visible in printed nonsense, and useless notices of motion, his vote has always been on the right side and he has never, on any occasion of importance, been found wanting. He has never sought his own interests, but rather sacrificed them for the benefit of his constituents and the leave which he seeks should, as it was accorded by the House without a murmur, be accepted by his constituents without a growl for by his return, the colony will be saved the expense of another election, the constituents will be relieved from the excitement of another house-to-house visitation, and Mr. Gray, however disappointing it may be to his friends who cry " encore," will be saved from throwing away money over a seat which, if he got it would not hold him nine months. -Yours, etc., ELECTOR. 