FICTION. (From English, American, and other Periodicals.) THE CONSPIRACY. CHAPTER XXXIV. ADA'S DILEMMA. The long talked of engagement was announced at last; the Countess of Shirley gave a grand party in honor of the event, and "the world" was satisfied. Sir Athelstone Prescott had been duly notified of the consummation of his secret hopes, and, leaving his patients in the care of his assistant, he made for himself a holiday, and came down to London to rejoice over the good news. The count and countess were very glad that Ada had succeeded in winning so true and noble a man. Sir Athelstone was delighted with the match, as he took no pains to conceal; Lady Prescott was quietly glad, yet sorry, knowing as she did just how her son felt, and her strong sympathies were with him; while Ada behaved beautifully, never forcing her companionship upon Raymond, but was always sweet, and gentle, and womanly whenever they were together. Sir Athelstone was very anxious that the marriage should not be delayed, for he saw that Raymond was very sad and depressed, notwithstanding that he made a great effort to appear cheerful and content whenever he was in the presence of any one. He had no patience with long engagements, he said; he could only be away from home a month, and when he returned he wished to take all his family with him, his new daughter included. The countess demurred somewhat at this, saying a month was hardly time for the necessary preparations; but the doctor overruled all objections, and finally the wedding was set for the thirtieth of June, just a month from the day of his arrival. A day or two after the party given in honour of the engagement, while the ladies were at lunch -- the gentlemen being out sightseeing -- a note was brought in to Lady Shirley. She took it, broke the seal, and read it, and a slight expression of annoyance clouded her fine face for a moment afterward. "This is quite unfortunate, coming just at this very busy time," she remarked, thoughtfully. "What is it, auntie?" asked Ada. "Lady Allstone has been called suddenly to her daughter in Manchester, and she wishes me to take charge of her poor people for a few days. We often exchange in this way when one is called out of town or is sick," she explained, turning to Lady Prescott. "But, auntie, you cannot do it now, when there is so much else to be done. We shall never get through unless we give all our time to prepare for the thirtieth," Ada replied, impatiently; and Lady Prescott looked up at her in surprise -- she had never heard her speak in that tone before, and it jarred upon her heart. "Sibyl would have said, 'Go by all means, auntie,'" she thought; and she was the more surprised, since Ada had "always been so deeply interested in the poor." "I know, dear, it is very trying to have any interruptions just at this time," the countess answered; "but I do not like to fail Lady Allstone, for she has often obliged me in the same way. Besides, she speaks particularly of a young person whom she hopes I will not neglect to see every day, as she is extremely delicate. She has been thought to be in a decline, but seems to be gradually recovering now, and it is necessary that she should have close attention and a very nourishing diet. she feels particularly interested in her. Her other charges will not need so much attention, she adds." The countess had turned again to the note, and read it through the second time. "It is exceedingly provoking when we need every moment of time to ourselves," Ada continued, petulantly; then catching sight of Lady Prescott's raised eyebrows, she added, laughing; "I believe I must be getting nervous, or I should not feel such a slight interruption as this. Of course you cannot refuse Lady Allstone's request, auntie, and we will get along without you, while you are away, as best we can." "I shall have to go at once, then, in order to get I home for dinner. I am really very sorry Ada, when we were intending to do considerable shipping to-day." Lady Prescott offered to assist Ada in the shopping, of the countess would intrust it to her, which she was perfectly satisfied to do; and that matter being settled to Miss Therwin's satisfaction, Lady Shirley departed to seek Lady Allstone's protegee. Driving to one of the poorer portions of London she found the street and number indicated in the note, alighted from her carriage, and ascended to the second floor, as directed, Here she knocked on the "third door at the left," and a weak though sweet voice bade her "come in." Lady Shirley obeyed, and found herself in the presence of a lovely young girl, who was sitting in a large, comfortable easy-chair by a sunny window. She was actually startled at finding any one so beautiful in such a place, and did not wonder at the interest which Lady Allstone manifested in her protegee. She went forward and presented her card, explaining why she was there, and she was still more surprised at the composure and grace with which the girl asked her to be seated. The card simply bore the name "Lady Hortense Shirley." "Have you been ill long?" the countess asked, noting the large, mournful eyes, the transparent hands, and the delicate, almost hueless lips. "I had a very severe illness last fall, and have never wholly recovered from it," was the sad reply. "And do you think you are really getting better and stronger now?" "Oh, yes; since the days had grown warmer, and Lady Allstone has been so kind to me, I have been improving rapidly, and I hope soon to be able to work and do something for myself instead of being a burden upon others." Lady Shirley saw the pale lips quiver slighty as she said this, and her heart was strangely stirred with sympathy for this lovely girl, whose name she did not even know. Lady Allstone had not mentioned it in her note having probably forgotton to do so in her haste and she did not like to ask it abruptly. "You must not think of work for a long time yet,'' she said, with a pitiful glance at the slender hands, "What do you intend doing when you get strong?" "All that I can do is to teach, I suppose," answered the maiden, with a suspicious trembling in her tones, "Have you ever taught ?" "Oh, no." "Pardon me, but teaching is considered very laborious, and you do not look as if you were accustomed to work of any kind," said the countess, wondering how one who had apparently been so delicately reared, happened to be in such a place as that. "No, I do not know much about work," she said, with a sigh, as if that were a fact to be deeply regretted. "Do -- do you believe I should be able to get any pupils without references?" she asked, with a wistful look in her great eyes, that made a tear start in Lady Shirley's own. "I fear that would be rather a difficult undertaking, dear; but do not be troubled about it yet awhile \-- it will be sometime before you are strong enough to do anything of the kind, and meanwhile we must do everything to make you strong, and bring the natural color back to your cheeks and lips. Do you live here alone ?" "Oh, no, I live with a middle-aged woman who takes care of me." She did not mention any name, and again the countess did not like to ask the question. She remained some time longer, talking upon various subjects, and was greatly surprised at the intelligence and refinement which Lady Allstone's protegee manifested. She left her basket of delicacies, promising to come to-morrow, and went away deeply interested, and very glad she had come. As the door closed after her, the young girl bowed her head upon her hands with a low cry, and fell to sobbing bitterly. A strange incident occurred below as Lady Shirley was about leaving the place. She had reached the bottom stair, and was about leaving the house, when she was suddenly con- fronted by a little, wrinkled, sallow-faced woman, clad in a brown stuff grown, with a mantle of the same wrapped about her shoulders. A large, dark bonnet of straw covered her head and somewhat shielded her features, and she wore black stockings, low shoes, and carried a little worn black bag upon her arm. The woman started on beholding the countess, as evidently she had not expected to encounter any one; she then bestowed a searching and closer look upon the stranger, when, with a sharp cry of fright, she dashed past her, springing up the stairs, and my loay heard a door above suddenly close with a loud noise. "Strange! who could the creature be?" mused the countess, with a puzzled look. After her return to Shirley House, it was observed that she appeared very absent-minded and looked wearied and pale. Ada rallied her about her "extra duties," and declared they should have her sick, with those added to all the other things which engrossed them; but the countess replied, very gravely, that she was glad she had heeded Lady Allstone's request and said she should go every day until that lady's return. And so the subject for the present was dropped. Three weeks went rapidly by, and the preparations for the wedding were nearly completed. Miss Therwin, of course, was jubilant, and kept the house lively with her flow of spirits, and her ceaseless, though good-natured, demands upon everybody's time and attention. When with Raymond she was entirely different and strove by her gentle sweetness to win him from his sad reverie, and she at times so far succeeded that he began to think if she was always like this, life with her might be quite enjoyable, after all. The week preceding the wedding Lady Prescott, desiring some things from home for the occasion, dispatched a telegram, bidding one of the housemaids pack what she wished and bring it to her, as she should need her assistance during the few remaining days of her stay in London. This girl, Melissy, was exceedingly capable and smart, very ingenious, too, and could turn her hand to almost anything. Lady Prescott saw, with all her numerous servants, that the countess needed just such help as Melissy could give her, and besides, as Ada's maid had not been well for some time past, she could readily supply her place, if need be. When Miss Therwin became aware of this arrangement she objected to it, and seemed greatly troubled ; but the message had been sent, and nothing more was said or thought about it at that time. The day that Melissy arrived, and only three days before the wedding was to be, the countess gave a dinner-party to a few of their intimate friends and relatives who were deeply interested in Ada's future prospects. There were two eminent lawyers, intimate friends of the count's, with their wifes, a few of Ada's intimate associations, and some dear friends of the countess. The settlements were to be made out and signed that day, and some other business transacted regarding Ada's adoption, and the property that would eventually come to her. Melissy came while they were all at dinner, and was shown at once to Lady Presscott's apartments, where she made some change in her dress, then went down stairs and stationed herself where she could command a good view, unobserved of the guests as they passed from the dining room to the saloon. Melissy was a girl of a very inquiring turn of mind, and as keen and sharp as it was possible for one to be in her position, as what followed will show. The countess led the ladies from the room, and Ada was the last one, as it happened, in the train. As she passed near the place where Melissy was concealed, the girl stepped into view and beckoned to her. She nodded carelessly and then passed on with the guests to the saloon. As soon as coffee was served, and they were en- grossed with each other, she stole away, and went back to the hall. She found Melissy standing behind a marble pillar waiting for her. "Well, Melissy, you have arrived then," she said, indifferently. "Yes, miss, and right glad I was, too, that my lady sent for me, for I have been longing to see you this age." "What now?" demanded Miss Therwin, with a frown. "Do you believe in spooks, Miss Ada?" the girl asked, with a half frightened glance around. "Spooks! What do you mean?" "Why, ghosts, to be sure." "No, you silly child, there are no such things," returned Ada, impatiently. "Well, it almost seems as if the spooks had had something to do with this anyhow, Melissy asserted, as she drew forth a letter from her bosom and handed it to Miss Therwin. "Another of those letters you used to want, miss; only the hand of a ghost must surely have written this, as you can see from the postmark," she added, with solemn earnestness. Ada took it, looking somewhat surprised, but one glance at it caused her to utter a suppressed cry, and then she turned white as a ghost herself. "Where did you get it -- when did it come?" she gasped, trembling violently. "Six week ago, as you can see by the postmark." Ada examined it again. The letter was directed to Mr. Raymond Prescott, and was postmarked London, May 18th. "I thought maybe you'd be wanting it, and so I tcok it as I did the others. I'm sorry though it has upset you so, but I've felt something the same way myself, for I've carried it here all the time," laying her hand upon her bosom; "and it has seemed as if a red-hot iron was burning into me. I hope, miss, you'll feel like paying me something handsome for it." "Yes, yes, I will, Melissy; and you did perfectly right to bring it to me. I am greatly obliged to you," Ada replied, but her teeth chattered so that she could hardly speak. Some one opened the dining-room door just then. "I will see you again," Ada whispered, and darted away just in time to avoid two gentlemen, who were going to join the ladies in the saloon. She sped into a small antechamber on the oppo- site side of the hall, and going to the marble tank therein, drew herself a glass of ice-water and drank it off. She then examined the letter that Melissy had given her again. "What can it mean?" she whispered, with frightened eyes, and pale, trembling lip. "If it were not for the date I should think that it was one that had been miscarried; but" -- as she heard a step without -- "there is no time to examine it further now; I must wait till I'm alone." She felt for her pocket, and then uttered an exclamation of impatience. "What a shame," she cried, "that the seamstress neglected to put a pocket in this dress! What shall I do with it?" She could not hide it within her bosom, for her dress came up too high in the neck; and as she looked about the room for a safe place, she felt that she would not be easy one moment with it out of her possession, and she did not feel willing to carry it clear to ner own room just then. After thinking a moment, she tucked it carefully up her sleeve, which was close fitting. "It will be safe there, and I shall have no fear that any one will find it," she said, and then pinching her cheeks to bring back the color to them, she returned to the salon, but with a terrible dread at her heart. If the poor seamstress could only have known what great results were to follow that one little act of neglect to put a pocket in Miss Therwin's reception- dress for that day, it is doubtful if she would have been so well satisfied with her success in pleasing that fastidious young lady's taste; for Ada had complimented her highly, being delighted with the dress. But she never wore it afterward! CHAPTER XXXV. HOW SIBYL WAS RESCUED. It was understood that when the gentlemen should have finished their wine after dinner and returned to the salon, the ceremony of signing the settlements and other documents should be attended to. Raymond and his mother would have been glad to have had all this done quietly, and without so much display, though it was only to be before the relatives and most intimate friends of the family, for it brought to their minds so many sad associations; but Ada, in her vanity, was determined that something of her brilliant prospects should be known. The count had hinted that the settlements were to be most liberal, and with the handsome dowry which he presented to her, it was doubtful if there was another woman in all London to whom the future looked so bright and full of promise. Consequently she was not willing that this should all be hidden within the bosom of her own family What was the use in having great worldly possessions unless the world could know it? So she had persuaded the countess to give the dinner-party, and to make a sort of gala day of the occasion. She returned to the salon from the antechamber, where she had gone to examine the mysterious letter, just as the folding-doors leading into the library were thrown open, and the two families gathered abound the table, where the lawyers were waiting to see that the papers were properly signed and witnessed. Raymond met her at the door, gave her his arm, and together they joined the group. As they passed down the long room, the cynosure of all eyes, it was remarked by many among the company what a hansome couple they made, and not a few among the young people felt a thrill of envy at the bright future upon which the beautiful belle was about to enter. Ada had never appeared to better advantage than to-day nor had she ever looked handsomer than she did now in her rich peach-colored robe, with its overdress of filmy lace, simply adorned with natural flowers, and the same upon her bosom and in her hair. All the signatures were duly affixed except Raymond's and the witnesses', and leaving Ada upon the opposite side of the table, standing by the count, he went round and took his seat, with the dignity and composure which always characterized his movements, although more than one remarked the almost alabaster whiteness which his face had assumed, and wondered at it. He took the pen, dipped it in the ink, and was in the act of carrying it to the paper, when he hit the point against a tall, fanciful paper-weight which held the documents open, and broke the point short off. Upon such little things do the great events of our lives something hinge! With a clear little laugh, which rang sweetly through the room, Ada reached forward, chose another, dipped it in the ink, and passed it to him. With a smile, and bow of thanks, he was about to take it from her, when he started violently, and his eyes became riveted upon her arm. The table was a very broad one, and being at an angle from him, she had been obliged to stretch out her arm to its full length in reaching the pen across to him. In this way her sleeve was drawn up quite a distance above her wrist, revealing how beautifully fair and rounded it was, and -- something very strange also! The letter, which, for the want of of pocket, she had hastily concealed within her sleeve, and had forgotten, slipped down as the sleeve was drawn up, by a movement, on her wrist, and now dropped to the table directly in front of Raymond, the side addressed uppermost! With an exclamation of surprise and pain, as he instantly recognized the handwriting, he seized it, and examined it attentively. Then he started to his feet pale and trembling. "How came you by this?" he demanded, sternly, though his tones shook with the great effort he made at self-control. But Ada, with a cry of terror, drew suddenly back, white, trembling, and nearly fainting, and the count instinctively put forth his arm to sustain her, while the guests stood looking on in amazement at this unexpected tableau. Raymond, seeing she could not answer him, turned his attention again to the letter. Without a word, but with hands that shook as with palsy, and a face that was startling from its deathly hue, he tore open the missive, and ran his eyes over its contents with lightning rapidly. Sibyl Prescott was not dead! Fate had not been quite so cruel as his friends had supposed, and her bright young life had been almost miraculously saved, although the long months that followed, were filled with more of pain and despair than she had ever yet known, and at times made her even Iong for death. But in order to explain it all, we must go back to Barmouth, and to that night, when weary and sad- hearted, she wandered down to the beach, and to the ledge of rocks, where in that fierce gust of wind she had lost her balance and fallen into the dark waters beneath. (To be continued.) 