A ]DA3It STIL Y. cIIAPTER XXV. Tee day for the double funeral had arrived, imd MIr. Crump's boast concerning the great ceremony was not without a good foundation. Messrs. Hatband, Tressles, and Screwby, the eminent London firm, proved worthy of themselves and the occasion. Death had rarely, indeed never in those parts, re ceived a more costly and pompous homage. The long procession, blackening the sun ehins, wound its slow way from the Abbey to the Abbey church, the vaults of which were to receive, in the portion allotted to the great family, the father and daughter whose sad fate had excited the pity of the whole country side. Not only did the Wentworth tenantry appear to take part in the sad solemnity, but for miles round the farmers poured in, on horse or afoot. Every variety of vehicle crowded the roads leading into Dripsey, and long strings of carriages sent by their owners, many of whom had never been even on spealking terms with Sir Hugh, formed a part of the procession, which, amidst a vast multitude of uncovered heads s?d streaming eyes, dragged its slow length along. .ru .? respect was shown to Sir Hugh, anpathy was all for Gertrude. Hers evane0 name upon every lip; for her the pitying tears flowed from the eyes of the women, and often bedewed the rougher cheeks of the men, and surely what fate could be sadder or more deserving of pity 2 A flower untimely nipped by death's cruel frost, even before its beauty had fully opened upon the world: An exquisite piece of girlhood, whose innocence and goodness all knew, and whose ripening into womian hood all had watched with a proud delight; for Gertrude's whole lifo had been passed at Dripsey and Wentworth, and the villagers knew her and loved her as a something be longing, so to speak, to them-a being whose rare giftseand loveliness had a special claim to their admiration and homage; and the young mistress, who had grown up among them, had been as much beloved by the simple peasants as Sir Hugh was feared, and her brother Philip hated or despised. The spendthrift in London, the free and 5joyous companiion who tosses a sovereign to ia Haymarket writei, and tells him to lay it iot in soap, or ipays five pounds for a bon quet, to be "left at the stage-door," is ever, a hard and unfeeling landlord to the: ten antry he squeezes throughlhis agents in the country. Many a. "sold-up" farmer's bones have rattled in the dice-box, and' many a card, incautiously turned by. the "fast" young gentleman, lhas necessitated more vigorous tirns of the screw on strug-' gling farmers and an already famishing estasatrv. The inhabitants of Dripsey Bridge and Wentworth dreaded the time when Philip would stand in his father's shoes and be their lord and master. That time had come ; but in each honest heart there was no thought but of their "young lady " passed away-no thought bht of Gertrude. Her coffin was covered with wreaths of fresh-plucked flowers, and'even as it passed more flowers were thrown from children's hands-some of them small mites of hu manity, whom Gertrude herself had nursed upon her knee; and along the path over which the sleak black horses bore their light, fair load along, rough hands but tender hearts had worked all night and morning; and from the park-gates to the gates of the Abbey church green leaves and flowers were spread. The church, the grey.old church, was all alive with flbwers. '. Even the grim old warriors, on their beds of sculptured:stone,: showed less grim, covered, over as they were, from e helmet to. pioifted toe, With floral treasuries from without. The only objector-and he put ii his protest privately -was nr.. Cruii p.: "If the firmi it was his happiness to re present prided itself on any thing, it prided itself upon being artistic..: Nature, sir; is one thing, and art another; and we go ib foe art." But good. Mr. Crump was' hypocritical. There was enough of the upholstery art in all conscience to gladden his soul and make the great concourse of people assembled on the Wentworth property open their eyes with wonder, and utter ejaculations of ad miration and awe. Velvets, silks, and gleaming metal; prancing horses, black as night, with a whole forest of waving feathers, making death itself seem rich and brave, as at each trained step of the noble steeds they tossed their sable splendours in the sun. The sun 1 Ah. I There was the one great disappointment of the day. Beautiful ait shone forth when the great procession left the hhboy gates, and like some huge, black snake, took its majestic way towards the 'hurch; but as it neared that an " ?m the clouds gathered and gathered, I rdinug added gloom, a far more awful grandeur to, man's pageantry. The weatherwise, which meant more than half that vast crowd, prophesied an awful night; while Mrs. Bleek, who was early at the church, wrung her thin hands and 'ered to her cronies that it was ever ?-- when a Wentworth died. The church was crowded. Many were there who had never before probably en tered a sacred edifice; but not among that number was decorous Mrs. Prudence, silent and tearful, neither clever Doctor Malyon, who, seated.in the great Wentworth pow, listened with a critical ear to the pealing notes of the organ, while he gazed reve rentially in his hat. Pale and silent, a figure of stone, Sir Philip sat beside him and listened with a shuddering emotion, to the service, which was interrupted with many a sob ; the good old rector himself at times breaking down, forced to bond his kindly head, though not with shame, to hide the tears which coursed each other down his choeeks. A sight for tears those two coffins placed together side by side ; so closely connected by blood, so far removed in years. A vista of heads craned themselves forward, be neath mouldering arch and crumbling aisle, to catch a glimpse of where the " dear young lady" rested; and as the sun, still struggling against the.sombre blackness of the approaching storm, poured in his beams at intervals through the great painted win "'vs of the ancient church, they fell upon the coffins and glorified them with colour and light. And while the good rector read the mag nificent service of the church within its walls, a great concourse stood listening and waiting without standing, most of the men uncovered, amongst the tombstones and grass-grown graves. The service over, the new baronet is among the first to hurry out, head bent, face still more livid, more likel that of a corpse, and eyes 'east upon the earth. Poor gentleman I who could have ex pected the blow would have struck so deep ? "Earth to earth I Ashes to ashes i Dust to dust I " The dread words are spoken ; tlih great doors of the vaults, so.rarely opened;, are flung wide, and all is over. The vast assemblage disperses gradually. Some lingering about the interior of the church, at each meditative step " setting their foot upon some reverend history;" others proclaim aloud the virtues, or whisper the faults, of those who have passed away. Those who have descended into the vaults, those "monumental caves of death," emerge with a shudder, as though the odour of mortality still clung about them. Then, in time, the storm drew nearer, and the warfare of the heavens commenced, huiry ing the last of the loiterors homewards, and pouring down torrents of hail and drifting, rain. Mr. Crump, the ceremony more than satisfactorily performed, entertains a, few newly-made friends to a choice little dinner at the Arms. Everywhere life is reas serting itself, and as the stormy, night rushes down, the only thing that symbolizes death is the old church itself, " looking tranquillity" amidst the driving storin, a heap of crumbling stoenesabove thi buried dead. CHAPTER' XXV,. A ,wild niglit I. A night unparalleled in the memory of even that extraordinary personage, the oldest inhabitant. All Dripsey Bridge and Wentworth, the sister villages, were indoors, talking over tihe great event of the day as they heaped up the logs (they usually burned wood in primeval Dripsey) on the hearth. Tihe streets were deserted, swept bare by the fierce blast, and flooded by the ceaseless rain. The storm of the day had become a tempest,. and all the demons of the air seemed holding revel up. among:. wind-torn clouds;. cu Nevertheless light streamed from 'a huh-i dired latticed windows, tellinig dfi life aInd warmth within, of .pleasant social 'inter course when gossips hobnob over the fire, and not only the" cup that cheers," but the foaming flagon or steaming glass ':goes round. The Arms was crammed from roof to basement. Sleeping-rooms for the time being were transformed into sitting- rooms, and these crowded with thirsty guests blow ing clouds of rank tobacco- smoke, tossing down heavy drinks, and inhaling, amid Homeric laughter and thickening talk, an atmosphere the quality of which may be best judged by the fact that of several cages of canaries not one of these pretty occu pants was found alive in the morning. The day of mourning had become a night of drinking and feasting, and in a haze of drink and smoke the silent dead were for the nonce forgotten. A wild night; yet of all people in "tsie world, poor Mrs. Bleek was abroad in it. Yes, that always amiable and always mystified lady, when the storm was at its very worst and all doors and windows were hermetically sealed to keep it out,, was toddling through the Abbey churchyard with the intention of taking the shoirtest way across the park to gain her own snuig room at the Abbey: ,.. If the truth-must be told, the good old creature was somewhat gone in liquor, and this was how it came about. Mrs. Bleek's heart was as tender as her brain was weak. Ever ready to receive and retain the saddest impressions, the sudden death of her young mistress had, as she herself expressed it, " put another ten years upon her." " I'm not," she addedi " one of your, die-earlys, for common, stuffs oftenest last the longest; but I shall never be the woman I was. Not that I was. ever worth much-0, no, far from it 1-though striving to do my duty in that station in which it has pleased God to call me. But to think that a creetur so full of life and beauty should have been called away, and such a bag of useless bones as Mary Bleek allowed to remain, quite throws me I " The double funeral over, tlhe old house keeper, her poor eyes red with constant weeping, had made her way to one Mrs. Jones, an old crony living near the lodge. At Mrs. Jones's she had met with other old cronies, and there given way to hysteria, and in their sympathizing ears unlocked the floodgates of her grief. The aged ladies, all born and bred on the Wentworth estates, made no endeavour to console their friend; on the contrary, after the fashion of their clats, they agreed with all she said, deepening the shadows here and there, till on horror's head horrors accumulated to that extent that no wonder rum was added to the tea. "The only thing in, snouh-.matters,".said Mrs. Jones, "to tie up the nerves and squenoh tie feelin's." Night was very far advauced, "nearly at odds withli: the morning," when old Mary Bleek tookl her solitary way hlomewards. Companionship she had none; all thIe male sex were down in the village feasting at the expense of the eminent firm so worthily represented by Mr. Crump; and as for her cronies of the opposite sex, not one was under sixty, with nothing active about them but their tongues, which, as if to mnake up for other deficiencies, seemed gifted withi perpetual motion. So tie hlouscekeeper took her way through the storm, refusing, with persistent obstinacy, to tale the main road, but bent upon saving a mile by the short cut through the churchyard. " I'm not afeard," she said, in answer to her friends' expostulation, "of churchyards; ghosts won't hlarm a poor body like me, who, goodness knows, before the world's a year older may be a-trudgiu' about as one of 'em." " Not in a night like this," observed Mrs. Jones. "Weather, Miartha" (Mirs. Jones's name was Martha) " has nothing to do with supernat'rals. They don'trogard it. Indeed," and hero the housekeeper added a little more rum to her tea, " it is believed as they prefers it rumbustious." It was " rumbustious " this night in all conscience; for, while she spoke, the wind came roaring about the cottage, tearing at the thatched roof as if seeking to tear it off, and wrenching with a burglar's hand at each barred and bolted casement. "Don't go up to the Abbey to-night, dear," urged kind Mrs. Jones. " Or, if you must go, at least wait for John; he can't be long." Mrs. Bleek waited, being prevailed upon to take just a " leetle" more rum without tea; but John Jones never came, nor did he come till morning was far advanced, and then lie was brought from the Arms in a wheelbarrow. It was past midnight when Mary Bleek, lantern in hand, pushed open the churchyard gate and came dreamily stumbling along among the graves. For once in her life the aged woman has, all unconsciously, diverged from the path of strict sobriety, for her tea had grown gradually weaker and the' infusion of rum stronger. Yet to the Abbey she would go that night. She had left the whole household in confusion. She knew her duty, and at every hazard would perform it. And so the half-blind, half-deaf, but in all other respects worthy old lady, armed with a lighted lantern and a huge umbrella, boldly made tracks for the Abbey. She had not gone far before a treacherous gust of wind, creeping behind her, blow out her light; and then a fierce, bullying blast tore the umbrella from her feeble grasp and carried it far away to a distant horse pond. Twice she hesitated. Should she return ? No; as she had truly said, the entire household at the Abbey was in confusion, and it was her place and duty to set it in order. Like brave Martin Luther, when threatened with assassination at Worms, come what may, she " would go on I " Pelted by the pitiless storm, her clothes so many water-soaked rags clinging to her shrinking figure and impeding her movements, the poor old soul pushed forwards, still grasping the extinguished lantern and keeping a frightened gaze around her. A churchyard by night while a storm is raging is not an exhilarating object of contemplation, especially when the tall, spectral trees are bending like willow-wands around'you and the hurrying clouds descend lower and lower, as though they would wrap the whole world in a pall of death. Mary Bleek was not only superstitious, but, so her friends said when talking among themselves, " she stood on the brink of the spirit world " herself ; a filmy old creature, who at any hour might pass away like the early morning mist. A strange old woman, whose humble thread of life fate had woven into the rich embroidery of the Wentworth loom, and which if torn away would be utterly destroyed. She must go home; and her home for sixty - five years had been Wentworth Abbey. Utterly exhausted at last, she sat herself down to rest a few moments under the sheltering boughs of a yew-tree-a yew-tree broad and vast, whose roots struck deep down among the bones of men. Wet and 'shivering, she drew her thick showl around her, leaning back against the huge tree-trunk, and protected by the outspread of the mighty branches from the rain. Was she asleep ? Only a partial sleep. Nevertheless, seated on the wet chhrchyard grass and'under the dark branches of the yew-tree, she saw a vision. And this is what she saw, or thought she saw. , OHAPTER XXVII. For the better understanding of what we bhall still call Mrs. Bleek's dream, it is necessary to go back a little, and, the author being omniscient, peep at a strange scene going on in those vast and dreary receptacles for the dead; the vaults beneath the Abbey church. An open coffin, with four men and a woman grouped about it. Two of the men hold lanterns, whose light streams down upon the pale and exquisitely beautiful face of a shrouded figure which the coffin contains. The features are those of Gertrude Wentworth. The woman standing at the coffin's foot is Diana Rockwood. Near to her, pale, and for once silent, is her husband. At the head of the coffin and peering curiously down into the waxen face is Dr. Malyon; while the bearer of the second lantern (Rockwood holds the first) is the hunchback, Benjamin Darknoll. Just within the circle of light and leaning upon an iron bar is the fourth man, Powder Blue, whose ruffianly visage betrays an emotion but rarely seen there. They all speak in whispers; not that they have any fear of being overheard. On such a night and in such a place intrusion is impossible. " It looks terribly like death I " said Mrs. Rokwood, with a shudder. She addressed the doctor, who, the only thoroughly self-possessed person of the party, smilingly replied, " true, my dear madnam- quite true; but appearances in this, as in very many other cases, are deceitful. You will remember, if I may illustrate a fact by a fiction, the sad work'appearances made in that celebrated affair of Capulet versus Montague. The pulse of life, however feebly it may beat, is as surely hero as in yourself. Have you opened the other coffin ? " and the doctor turned to the man Bradley, still heavily lounging on his crowbar. "Yes " (sullkily); " and I'd rather crack a dozen cribs, with a whole army of peelers looking on, than do this kind of thing over again I It's worse than robbin' a church I " " Ha, ha I " chuckled the doctor. "It does me good to hear you express yourself in the way you do, Mr. Bradley. The respect you have for the institutions of your country is, to say the least, do-lightful. Now," he continued, turning briskly to Benjamin Darknoll, and at the same time consulting his watch by the light of the latter's lantern, the exchange must be made at once, as the carriage must have arrived by this time, and we have not a moment to lose. May I crave your assistance, my dear madam ? " Tenderly-very tenderly-a tenderness owing half its origin to fear- the lithe and graceful form of Gertrude Wentworth was lifted from its ghastly couch and immediately enshrouded in a largo cloak by Mrs. Rockwood, whose nerve, after the doctor's, appeared to be the least shaken of this strange company. "It's a wonderful likeness I " said the doctor, again peering down into Rose Ayliffe's face. "In death, I should say, still more remarkable than in life. AhlI Sir Hugh was a gay man in his time." The remark was repented of as soon as uttered, for the proud face of Diana Rockwood deepened to a dark red and her eyes flashed with a-well, if a look could kill, there would have been there and then an end to the doctor. The lodge-keeper, ever quiet and watchful, came to the rescue. " Most such likenesses are accidental," he said. "This must have been purely so, for, till within the last few years, Rose Ayliffe was a stranger to this place." While speaking, they had placed the girlish figure of Gertrude, now shrouded in the cloak, upon a sort of stone bench, the head reclining upon Mrs. Rockwood's shoulder, the eyes closed- sealed, as it still seemed, in the awful sleep of death. Malyon, who had drawn a small phial from his pocket, poured a portion of its contents upon a handkerchief, which handkerchief he passed to Mrs. Rockwood, together with the phial, which he carefully re-corked. " Apply the moistened handkerchief to the nostrils at intervals-see I There-there I " he added, gleefully; "you perceive ah'eady a change-slight, but, to the experienced eye, a change that is perceptible." "I see no change," said Diana Rockwood in a harsh, cold voice ; " and I feel no pulse. To me the girl is dead-so peacefully dead," she added, with a weary sigh, " that it seems almost a pity to awaken her. Such quiet is only to be founid in. the tomb." Here her husband's voice broke in, his words as usual when he, addressed his wife accompanied with a-sneer. "Yes, quiet is a difficult thing to command in this noisy, pushing, brawling, work-a-day world, and the holy bonds of matrimony have not been found particularly conductive to its acquirement. Now, :I place my trust implicitly in the doctor." Malyon, still busy with the pale, recumbent figure, laughed gently, as one who would say you cannot do better or otherwise, and the lawyer went on. " Balm and his wife must be waiting in the carriage by this time. You accompany them, doctor, do you not? " Malyon nodded impatiently, for now he never even for a moment removed his eyes from the fixed face of Gertrude Wentworth, nor took his fingers from her pulse. " And the other body," asked Rockwood in a whisper to the old lodge-keeper. . "I mean the body" (correcting himself quickly), "is that preparelI for its change of abiding place? " Benjamin Darknoll glanced significantly towards Gertrude. " First remove her, the rest you may leave to me. Rose Ayliffe will sleep none the worse for resting under Gertrude Went worth's coffin-plate." He stopped suddenly and laid one hand with a frightened gesture on Rockwood's arm, while with the other he pointed to where Mrs. Rockwood was seated, supporting Gertrude; the latter still narrowly watched by the doctor. It was a strange scene-a terrible one the figures of the conspirators imperfectly illuminated by the light and casting ghostly shadows on the humid walls, while the dark and silent corridors of death stretched far away to the right and left. Rookwood started, then flung off the old man's skeleton grip impatiently. "What's the matter, Daddy? Don't go mad here, whatever you do I " " She moved I I saw her move I " said the lodge-keeper, in a trembling voice. " See-see I She lives I" There was a pause, after which he added, "The one great error in our calculations, I fancy." "Nonsense I" rejoined the other, in the same low tone, while neither removed their eyes from the figure on the bench. "With out her what power have we ? Philip is as ungrateful as he is cowardly; and such men are only to be governed by their fears." "Ever hard upon Philip," muttered the old man, with a flash of anger, which how ever he immediately repressed. "However, I grant that in some things his nature is weak, and I have grieved to discover it; but then he is young, and youth is mostly selfish and always thoughtless." " Bah I Philip can be as obstinate as a mule and as cruel as a tiger upon occasions. It is superstition-old-worldfancies-which lead him to shrink before those ties of kindred which more sensible men ignore. Saving one thing, he made but little scruple about the rest. Sir Philip Wentworth will prove hard in the mouth, and must have both bit and bridle. He won't starve for a matter of sentiment. IHe ought to become a great man, for he has neither'heart, nor as a natural consequence, gratitude." "Yes, yes," said Darknoll, eagerly, in the bluntness of his devotion failing to perceive the lawyer's sneer; "Philip should become a great man and make a great marriage, adding estate to estate. Money breeds money; and"-with a deprecatory glance at the lawyer-" you Imknow, Matthew, that will be better for all of us." "Yes, the doctor has not deceived us I " said Rockwood, who perceiving that Old Bengy had mounted his hobby took but little heed of what he said. "The girl lives; and I for one would have had nothing to do with the business had I not believed in Mal yon's skill and his assurance that it could not be otherwise. If the other coffin should be opened "-he bent his head till his lips nearly touched his the lodge-keeper's ear "what then? " "It will not be opened," was the old man's answer. "Few inquiries are made after the poor as to their whereabouts, and you are forgotten before the spider can spin his web over your epitaph. For the rest, there is no fear of after recognition. You see what nature has already done, and death's hand will do the rest." "Just so I A month, or two, or three, and Rose Ayliffe is to all our intents and purposes Gertrude Wentworth. I doubt if the resurrection angel would know the dif ferenco-if there boe a resurrection angel; though for my part-" The old man drew back from him with a shudder. "You are a bad man, Matthew 1-a very bad man I " Rockwood laughed-not loudly, but with a laugh that sounded out of place as its echo came back to them from the labyrinth of vaults around. "Well, Daddy, perhaps I am, looked at through your puritanical spectacles; but the line is so thin in reality that divides bad from good that I don't care if I sometimes pass it. Come, come I We are playing a bold game, each with a different motive. Yours I grant you is the most unselfish one. That's your affair I-mine means an exten sion of my banking account, and a consider able extension too, I can tell you i In such matters as those, where the risks are equal, there's nothing like frankness on all sides. It clears away the cobwebs, don't you see ? " Before Darknoll could reply, if reply he intended, to this very outspoken declaration on the part of his son-in-law, both were summoned by a gesture to the side of the doctor, whose large face wore an air of tri umph, while he rubbed his hands briskly together according to his habit when greatly pleased. "Eureka 1" he said, addressing his fel low-conspirators in a low but assured voice ; " we have succeeded I One is apt to be a little nervous at first, you know, in such delicate experiments as these, and I now confess that I was just a little afraid myself. The quality and properties of the drug I was assured of, but the present case, a most interesting one to me as a professional man, was environed in difficulties, and in point of fact was a matter for experiment-the experiment has proved a success. My friend (to Darknoll), have you that case bottle about you ?" The bottle was produced, and the doctor, greatly refreshed, went on. "It now re mains for us to get her out of this place as quickly as possible. I shall accompany her and my worthyrelatives to Windlestraw. As for the re-arrangement of matters down here, our highly respectable friend " (a bow to Darknoll), "with your athletic protegd " (a nod in the direction of Powder Blue), "have taken that upon themselves, and I'll trouble you for that bottle again. Everything is prosperous - thoroughly prosperous I " " Make haste I " urged Rockwood, as the doctor, assisted by Mrs. Rockwood, adjusted the heavy folds of the cloak about Gertrude Wentworth's no longer inanimate form. "' Should her eyes open upon this place ? " " Have no fear," replied the doctor; in his gayest of tones, and speaking over his shoulder. "The body is restored to life, as I promised ; but the mind-ah I' "-with an expressive glance around-" that is quite another affair." A .silence followed this speech, broken only by the guarded movements of the men as they moved to and fro, gliding now in now out of the circle of light, spirits of evil, rendering still more ghastly the ghastly precincts of the vaults. A storm of wind and rain, with the light ning flashing at intervals, and Mrs. Block where we left her, thoroughly dazed, and cowering for shelter under the wide-spread ing arms of the huge funereal-looking tree. A noise of wheels heard approaching in each lull of the storm causes her to turn her head and wonder vaguely, as people wonder under the influence of a dream. Nearer and nearer the wheels approach, till the noise ceases at the very gates of the churchyard. A carriage at such an hour and in such a place I Yet a carriage it was, and Mrs. Bleek dreamily wondered. Then a light rose up, as if out of the earth, and flickering over the graves, played against the old church wall. ..Could she believe her eyes, dim as they were from age, blinded as they were by the driving rain. Across the light moved several shadows, each rising as it were from the earth, from, as it seemed to her, beneath the old church itself. A small side-door, studded with nails and clamped with iron-a door but rarely used, as the old lady knew full well-appeared to be open, and figure after figure emerged, each casting its shadow on the wall. What were these phantoms, rising as it were from the tomb ? Should she scream ? To what purpose, in that lonely place ? Should she run towards the place where she heard the carriage-wheels ? Poor old soul I scarcely able even to sup port herself on her feet, she had only strength to draw herself up for support against the dark trunk of the tree, and mistily dream on. One, two, three, four, five figures, and one a woman's-she counted them on her thin fingers, trembling with fear the while, her whole mind filled with a feeling of intense dread. Were they robbers of the dead, or were they the dead themselves who came flicker ing about among the graves at such an hour and on such a night ? The lights danced up and down, hither and thither, throwing long weird shadows among the tombs and hillocks which were everywhere around. " Corpse-lights I" she murmured, shut ting her eyes for a moment, then opening them with a shudder. It was a struggle between curiosity and fear, and curiosity couquered. " One, two, three, four, five," again she counted; then, with a start, "six I " Yes, another figure was there, wrapped in a thick horseman's cloak-a figure that was carried in the arms of two of the others, and evidently that of a woman. As moved by some instinctive feeling of curiosity over-mastering her terror, Mrs. Bleele crept a little forward. She had a great experience in the super natural world-had made it her study, in fact-but she had never heard of ghosts who walked about carrying each other. A flash of lightning, and a cry from Mrs Bleek-a low cry, almost inaudible, but a cry of horror and astonishment. A ghost, indeead f-for as the fierce wind tore at the folds of thl manutlo,tossing them for a moment aside--she saw, or dreamt she saw, the face of Gertrude Wentworth: She remembered no more, but that she was lying upon the wet grass, and that the hunchback of the lodge, the whiteohaired and silvery-voiced terror of her life, was bending over her. " What," he said, " my good Mrs. Bleek, you have had a bad fall, I see. It is ill walking among gravos at our time of life, especially" at so late an hour of the night. Como, I will seeo you home. Don't be afraid; you're a little overcome, I see. Ah, yes I we support our grief as we create our gaiety I Forgetfulness is always what we seek. There I on your feet again, with a bruise or two, but otherwise sound and firm. Have no fear," and his silvery voice became more musical in its tone; "it is my duty to take care of you I " (To be continued.) 