I Perth, is Road, I.", 'i NEW ZEALAND. < , Mr. John Bryce, the Minister of Native Affairs, , has left Parihaka. If o received an address from the settlers at Hawera", complimenting him on the success which had crowned his energetic policy, The dispersed natives, are settling down quietly at their own homes, , November 30. A serious fire has occurred at Reefton, a town about 43 miles from Greymouth. Property to the extent of £15,000 has been destroyed. The insur. j anees only amount to £2,000. A Dane named ; Peter Als and was burned to death. " I must not miss this opportunity of commending the Pkhpected' Cod Liver Oil lately introduced by Messrs. Allen and Hanbury. it is so pure and taste- less that when oil will agree at all this is sure to do so." "On Loss of Weight, Blood Spitting, and Lung; Disease," by Horace Dobell, M.D.. Consulting Pays to the Royal Rose. for Diseases of the Ghost. See also the opinion of 100 Linnet, Bridal) Medical Journal, Ofcijjcal Times, Practitioner, etc. All who have difficulty in taking cod liver oil should insist on having A and II's Perfepted Oil, and decline the cheap substl. tubes to persistently offered Sold only in imp. quota., Is. 4d.; half-life , 2s. 6d.; peas,, 4s. S(.; qts., Us, Trade mark, "A Plough." Of all Chemists. Wholesale of Felton, Grimwade, and Co., Melbourne. ADVice to Mothers Are you broken in your rest by a sick child suffering with the pain of cutting teeth Go at once to a chemist and get a bottle of Mai. Winblow's Boorama Stbup. It will relieve the poor sufferer immediately. It is perfectly harmless, and pleasant to taste, it produces natural, quiet sleep, by relieving the child from pain, and the little cherub awakes " as bright as a button." It soothes the child, it softens the gums, allays all pain, relieves wind, Pegu area the bowels, and is the best known remedy for dysentery and diarrhoea, whether arising from training or other causes. Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup is sold by medicine dealers everywhere a Is, 11d. per bottle. ' RopantNQ it in Tel? Colonies. There can be no doubt that a man has to put up with many little inconveniences when he settles in a new country,' some of them arising from "the necessity of things, whilst others are the result of his own want of knowledge of foresight. However, if he can secure pure water and good bread he will manage to get along tolerably well' Thanks to the advance of chemical science, this last desideratum is not so difficult to obtain an In times past, for, with a good supply of Borwick's Baking Powder), even Robinson Crusoe himself might have produced the whitest and most palatable of bread, to say nothing of cakes and pastry ad libitum, and would doubtless have ended by opening a pastrycook's shop upon his desert island. Note Bank Don't forget to ask your storekeeper to put up a good supply of this valuable article with your groceries. in packets, 3d. and 2d.; boxes. Od and U each. 4927-14-5-8» Valuable Diacovssr toa rai Haberle foot, hair is turning grey or white, or falling off, use " The Mexican Hair Renewer' for it will positively restore in every case Grey or White hair to its original colour, without leaving the disagreeable smell of most "Be stores." ft makes the hair charmingly beautiful, as well; as promoting the growth of the hair on bald spots, where glands are not decayed. , Ask roar Ouoinist for " Tub Mexican Hair Rssswsa," Sold brcuemltU and permanent, months at 8s. 6d per bottle. WhoUsalsdapM tmatmAUfO, safest Bead. Irthnlflsii . l ,' ' . r a i . ' yard I '^TUJA.U ,-!>'< '! . ,f;ii.-'iiil.i.«i ;;j[j a' 