Nobelist. IN THE FOLDS OF THE SERPENT. BY DONALD CAMERON, Author of "Silverware Bend," "Scripolis," "Melbourne Life," Transformations," "For Earthly Passions' Sake," "Grit," "La Fille du Diable," "The Skinfin Ministry," &c.;, &c.; "The means to do ill deeds make ill deeds done." PART III.—GLEAM. CHAPTER XXVIII—(Continued.) " No, no, no !" moaned Warana, wringing her hands. On my way here I heard the knell of doom. I stopped in the hotel at Gleam, waiting for the coach to start. The place was crowded, owing to an election meeting being about to be held, and my companion—a humble friend of my mother's —and I were shown into a room, or rather box, in which, as the division did not rise very high, we could hear all that was said in the next compartment. When coming out of the train, I had noticed Walter and his mother and, sister— he is one of the candidates— and had let down my veil so that he could not recognise me. We had not been long in the room when I heard voices in the next apartment, and I at once recognised Walter's. From the conversation I learned the other person was Detective Longsight." Victor started. "Oh, that I had never heard that con- versation," continued Warana. "And yet it was better for your sake ; it may save you. Longsight said, Victor—oh, how weak I feel—that he had found, the missing link in the chain of evidence— the auger you had borrowed from the carpenter in Grit, and which was found in the possession of Mrs. O'Brien's son, who had picked it up in Grant's house after his death—and that he had a warrant for your arrest, which he will use to-morrow, for the murder of Frederick Grant—" A great cry of agony, and a heavy fall caused Victor, whose face was pale as ashes, to spring up. The excitement was too much for Warana, and she fainted. Hastily sprinkling water over her face, Victor saw her revive, and he then sprang to the door and went to his mother's room. Mrs. Graham, who had been an unwilling listener, had swooned, and lay extended on the carpet. To apply the means of recovery was with Victor the work of an instant, and he was soon rewarded by his mother shiver- ing convulsively, drawing a deep sigh, and opening her eyes. Warana, who had re- covered, dragged herself to the door, and there, pale as a ghost, fell on her knees by Mrs. Graham. "My son, my son, my lost son !" moaned Mrs. Graham, "it is finished. O ! my God, my God, have mercy ! pity a mother in her agony ! Remember Thy mother's anguish when Thou was crucified upon the accursed tree. My son, my son !" "Mother," said Victor, who, by one of those mighty efforts that were within the power of his great will, had once more assumed a calm demeanour ; "be not afraid ; all this is nothing. It is but the determined effort of a relentless enemy— of Longsight—who has never forgiven my taking Alice from him. I will yet confound them." "You will escape," suddenly exclaimed Warana, a gleam of hope illuminating her face, and an almost rosy glow coming to her cheeks; "you will leave here to-night and fly to other lands, where the talons of the law do not reach. And I will go with you, Victor where you go I will go, your country will be my country, my life will be dedicated to you. I care not what you are. I love you." "And I will for ever pray for you, son of my heart," said Mrs. Graham. "I will intercede day and night at the Throne of Grace for my darling, my only son. O ! Father of all, hear a mother's prayer ; save him, save him, that he may repent !" "This is love," said Victor, clasping his hands. "I am not worthy of it." As he spoke his voice trembled, his eyes glowed, not with the magnetic light of yore, but with bright tears. But, remembering his position, and once more mastering his emotion, Victor took the hands of his mother and betrothed and raised them up. "Dear ones," he said, in that old, sweet, low tone of his that no one could resist, "let this agitating scene end. I require a short time to rest and consider what is to be done—whether I should face the accu- sation or seek safety by flight. Mother, Warana, be not afraid ; I will escape." There was a strange inflection in his voice as he said this. "Mother, take Warana with you to the grey parlour, and there rest yourselves, while I think out the future. I will send for you by-and-bye." The two women obeyed him. After he had strained each to his breast and kissed them, he stood in the door of the study and watched as they tottered away sup- porting each other. When they had passed beyond his vision, he turned into the study, striking his hand, in rage and despair, upon his brow. In the study stood Alice Manton, white as death, her hands clasped, her form rigid as a statue. "Alice, what do you here ?" cried Victor, who was almost mad. She did not reply, but fell in a heap at his feet. CHAPTER XXIX. THE FLIGHT OF LONGSIGHT. LIKE the flash of the lightning followed by the roar of thunder on the traveller who is not prepared for the elemental strife was the stern command of Dan Regan to the excited politicians in the long room of the Gleam Hotel. Not a man breathed for a minute or two after the dread words were pronounced. Everyone, however, com- prehended in a moment the situation ; that, at last they were brought face to face with the Terror of Gleam, and that, in all pro- bability, some of them would never see the coming dawn. A horror too great for words fell upon the assemblage, and the less courageous sank to the ground by instinct, and lay there grovelling in the most abject terror. The larger number were simply dazed, bewildered, stunned, and for the moment knew not what to do or think. They had, heretofore, rather enjoyed the escapades of the bushrangers—at a distance ; but when they beheld those dreaded men— when they knew that at any moment death in the shape of a leaden bullet might be theirs—the situation was indeed altered. Some, especially those near the door, roared frantically for mercy. "Shut your mouths !" shouted Dan Regan, with a fearful oath, "or by God ! I'll give you reason to cry out, and that for the last time, too ! Be silent and listen to me, or I'll send some of you off to join the devil before your time. You've been holding a political meeting, I see—a meeting to elect men to make laws to hunt down such men as me— curse them. Now, just consider Dan Regan a candidate and one that you'll have to vote for whether you like or not. You need not be afraid, if you do as I tell you. Not a living soul must leave this room until we give permission. Here you must remain until the special police train arrives. We have taken up the rails at the Bend, and even if they've got a pilot, they'll go to eternal smash. We intend to shoot the most of them, and to take the rest captive to the mountains—do you hear that—and treat with the Government, with their lives in our hands. There, isn't that bold ? Could any man but Dan Regan have laid so perfect a plan ? The telegraph wires are cut, and the thing will be done, and we'll be in the mountains before the people in Melbourne know a word of it." There was a strange light of exultation and vanity in Dan's face as he spoke thus, standing at the door, his grand form towering above the frightened wretches who, in all positions, huddled near him. "You're there, Mr. Reardon ?" said he, with an evil smile, as he noticed that gentleman seeking to hide himself behind Walter Manton, who had stood boldly in front of the terrified contingent on the platform. "Well, I've a great mind to shoot you, for you're a bad sort—you belong to the swells—but I'll think over it. Ah ! here you come," he added, to Tim and Harry, who arrived with a batch of prisoners, and who were thrust into the already overcrowded room. "Well, what have you done ?" "We've brought these," replied Tim, "and locked up the rest in their houses." "You're sure there isn't a soul left ?" "Certain," replied Tim, confidently. "I know every person in Gleam, and we went to every house." "That is good," said Dan. "Now, Mrs. Grogan," he said to the trembling landlady who, a prisoner, stood close to him, "tell me is there any way to get out of this room except this door ?" "There's a way through the bedroom," replied the trembling woman. "Is there ?" roared Dan, with a terrible oath. "Go with Bat at once and see it's locked. Here, Tim, Harry, go in and shut the window, then you'll come back here and stand at the door with your revolvers pointed at these people, and if one offers to stir, shoot him through the head. Now, Mrs. Grogan," he added, to the landlady, who looked half dead with fear, "come and get something to eat for us, and plenty to drink, for we want lots of whisky to work us up to the fight that's coming off before another hour." "Dan Regan," said Walter, in a firm, steady voice. Walter had so greatly altered since Dan had seen him in Grit that he had not recognised him. The sound of his voice, and the recollection that he had been told Walter was a candidate, enabled Dan, however, to remember his former acquaintance. "Walter Manton ?" he said. "Yes, Walter Manton," was the reply ; "and he would ask you, Dan Regan, for the sake of old acquaintance—we knew each other as children—to pursue no further this terrible life— to shed no more blood. You know what must come of it, Dan Regan ; you know these innocent men, who are now coming in the train from Melbourne, are only doing their duty— what you would do if you were in their place ; that they have families and relatives dependent upon them for bread. I implore you, Dan, to give up this terrible idea of yours, to leave the place and to go back to your mountains. Think, Dan Regan, while you are yet in cold blood, while the terrible drink has not mounted to your brain, of the folly you contemplate. Even if the train is wrecked there will be enough police left uninjured to shoot you down ; even if you carry out your plan, the colony will rise as one man when they hear of it and hunt you to death. You are now regarded as an outlaw—a murderer, but there are some who think you have been sinned against ; but, commit this deed, doom twenty or thirty innocent men to a horrible death, and the vilest in the land will thirst for yeur blood. Stop, before it is too late, Dan ! stop and think !" During this speech, which was delivered in the earnest, impassioned style that the occasion called for, and in a tone so sincere that it cut the outlaws, particularly Bat Riley, to the heart. Dan Regan seemed to mentally writhe beneath the appeal, for he could not deny Walter's reasonings. This, however, angered him all the more. "Yes," he shouted ; "I will stop and think, Walter Manton. I will stop and think of my wrongs, and it will help me to do what I've sworn. I care not what comes ; I've determined to have revenge. To- night I will have Longsight—the man who drove me from Grit, who sent me to gaol—dying at my feet ; to-morrow morning I will put a bullet through the brain of Victor Graham and revenge my dead sister Rose. And you stop and thick, Walter Manton, before you speak like that again to me. What can you know of my feelings, of my despair. You have not been hunted like a dingo from mountain to mountain, starved until you were glad to eat the roots, confined in gaol like a dog, imprisoned in the dark cell ! No ! you've had a smooth life ; you've, had plenty of money, lots of friends, respectable society, and all that. Stop and think, Walter Manton, and, if you don't want to be a corpse, keep a silent tongue. Here," he roared, as Mrs. Manton and Talanga, who were in a corner of the room, burst into shrieks, "stop that at once, or—" He had no necessity to say more ; a silence like the grave fell upon the terror-stricken assembly. Bat had left with Mrs. Grogan to see she prepared the supper. A queer fancy seemed to strike Dan. "Now, look here," he said, in a less elevated style, and with the rough humour for which he was occasionally noted, "as you're candidates, and are bound to answer questions, let me ask you one. Mr. Reardon, stand out !" To ask Mr. Reardon to stand was a little too much. Had the fate of the world depended upon it, Mr. Reardon would not have been able to stand unassisted on his legs. "Stand out, will you, roared Dan, "or I'll send a bullet through your fat carcase." As this would be ................ to several on the platform .......... Mr. Rear- don's fate, the pl ............ gentlemen, who resembled ...... jelly. and held him in front of the ..... was so great that he could not ..... a cry for merry—it was ........ could not, for Dan Regan ........ of tempers ; he was angry .......... Walter's words having touched .......... . "Now, Mr. Reardon, ........... Dan, "when you've stopped shivering like a blanc-mange will you answer .... question : If returned to Parliament, ..... will you vote for a free pardon to the ..... on condition they left the country ?" "Yes," gasped Mr. Reardon, finding his speech in his great recovery, "and pay their expenses, too." "Bravo !" said Dan, with a mocking laugh ; "politicians' promises are like pie crust :— made to be broken. Once safe in Spring- street, and you'd double the reward for our capture. Now, my young hero, Walter, what is your answer to that question ?" "The only answer an honest man can give," replied Walter, firmly : No !" "Good !" said Dan ; "that's honest, and I like you the better. But don't be afraid ; we'll never want your help. Our lives are in our hands, and we'll do or die this night— I don't care which— I'm tired of life !" And with a final warning to the guards at the door, Dan strode away to join Bat and Mrs. Grogan with a proud, self-satisfied air, albeit he could not conceal the shadow of approaching doom that weighed him down, and to dispel which he fled to the whisky bottle. Had Dan Regan known what had transpired while he was bragging in the doorway, he would not have gone to his potations with a satisfied mind. Walter Manton had, however, seen an occurrence that augured ill for Dan Regan and his comrades. We have said one of Walter's warmest supporters in the room was Detective Longsight, who stood in the corner, near the disused door by which Mrs. Grogan had allowed the Liberals to enter, thereby breaking her pledge to the Conservatives. The moment Dan's voice rang throngh the room, Longsight, who was disguised, had crouched out of sight, and when Walter looked for him again he was gone. A man of great nerve and immense resource, Detective Longsight had imme- diately grasped the situation. He had heard, as, he crept out unperceived, so terrified was everyone, so intent on their own safety, Dan's rough outline of his plans, and he knew too much of the railway line not to see that the outlaws' plot would be completely successful unless it was possible, to stop the special train a few miles beyond Gleam. To take a horse would be impossible he must trust to his running powers to reach Wallabudda Hill before the train. At that place the line began to descend into Gleam, and he knew the train would proceed at a fair pace down the declivity. Just past Gleam there was a very sharp curve, and it was here the bushrangers had taken up the rails. Even if she had a pilot engine a catastrophe would be inevitable, so sharp was the curve, so sadden the descent. Fortunately he had matches, and with these, if he reached Wallabudda Hill before steam was shut off and the train began the descent, he would be able to stop her. It was a wild and fearful night when Longsight stealthily emerged into the darkness, and, with light footfall, fled towards the bush, in order to get under cover. He was armed with a revolver only ; but it was a good one, and he knew that with it he could sell his life dearly. The snow had ceased to fall, and lay in drifts over the plains, its spectral white contrasting with the dark trunks of the gum-trees—black on one side, white on the other. This was all the worse for Longsight, as his figure was thrown out in relief. A high wind had risen, and was driving the grey clouds before it with a great wrack, shaking the snow off the branches with a crackling noise that made Longsight start and put his hand on the revolver. Nothing could be so unfortunate as the snow, for if he were missed the bushrangers could easily find his tracks, and they would follow him like sleuth hounds. As soon as he had reached some distance from Gleam, Longsight, who was running like the wind, for he was thin and wiry, was a good athlete, made for the railway line, which he followed. On, on over the rough ballast, as if it were verdant turf, the un- daunted man fled, conscious that in his hands were the lives of the people in the train. The wind blew fiercely in his teeth, sharp sleet began to fall, and cut and blistered his face, but he paid no heed. On on while the winds shrieked and howled like a pack of demons through the gullies and ravines. On, on through a darkness that, but for the gleam of the snow, would have been Cimmerian. On, on fled the gallant young man, conscious only of one thing— that he must save the train or die. There was no time to look at his watch ; every second must be devoted to the fearful race. On, on! where was Wallabudda Hill ? Surely it had receded in tbe night. His breath was failing, his limbs trembled with over- tension, cold as the night was the perspiration poured from him in streams. Horrid thought, his linen would be too wet to light as a beacon. Ah ! what was that ? The warrant for Victor's apprehe- nsion and several other papers—they would do. (To be continued.) 