PRESENTATION TO HIS LORDSHIP DR, SHORT. The membcr.-iof the standing committee of the Anglican Synod :• scmbled at the church office, Leigh-street, on Friday afternoon, December HO, for the purpose of presenting a farewell address to his Lordship the Bishop of Adelaide prior to his departure from the diocese. * The Yery Rev. DcanB trssEr.L, Yiear-Genoral (president of the Synod), in-esented the ad dress, which read as follows "To the Bight Reverend Augustus,, by Divine permission Lord Bishop of Adelaide. —Bight Rev. Father in God—The clergy and representative laity of the Diocese of Ade laide feel the deepest sympathy with you in the conflict of feeling amid which you sub mit to the -will of God in resigning that charge over this diocese, which lias been maintained during so long a series of years. They are well aware that you cannot without pain bid farewell to scenes which arc crowded with sacred recollections, and in which so much of the happiness of your life has been found. But tliey rejoice with you in the establishment of so many institutions of lasting value, which will continue to dis tinguish the first episcopate in the colony of "South Australia as a period peculiarly eventful. Those who come after you will enter into your labors, and have canse for thankfulness in doing so, although the number of institutions formed can only, inadequately represent . to them the many hours of anxious consultation, the difficulties that had to be encountered, the frequent checks given to the work of the church, the rallying of energy, and the re peatedly renewed efforts to carry all to a suc cessful "issue. Your episcopate marks the period of tire organization of the Synod with its standing and other committees; the for mation of a chapter; the establishment of a system of parochial endowments and parochial grants-in-aid, as well as of a clergy, widow, and orphan fund, and an annuity fund for the disabled; the recognition by the church . of lronrc missions and the Melanesian Mission as having a claim on its annual offertories; the establishment and growth of Si. Peter's Colle giate School; the erection of a cathedral, of St. Barnabas Theological College, and of ninety-one churches, thirty-three parsonages, and thirteen sehoollrouses. The number of clergy . has increased to fifty, who have (as"your lordship has reminded us) he assistance of a large number of unpaid lay readers; and the influence of the church has powerfully told on all philan thropic and benevolent movements through out 'tire colony. It must be with deep thankfulness that, you recall these results of the united work -of the church in its three orders, and your prayers will not be wanting for those on whom it devolves to carry on the work, and to adapt its form to each transition in our continually changing colonial life. We share with you in anxiety concerning your successor, and we pray for the aid and guidance of tire Divine wisdom when the time shall come for choosiirg a chief pastor. For your lordship we trust that the pain of the final farewoll may be softened by in fluences of love and sympathy, and that the evening of yorrr life may be full of happiness and peace.—Signed on behalf of Synod by members of standing committee." His Lordship said, if lr addros them under feelings of strong emotion they would not "be surprised on-such an occasion as that, when he was taking leave, should Ire say upon earth, of those with whom he liadjworked and seen grow up, and from whom he had received the kindest tokens of affection and the heartiest- assistance in carrying out the work of the church. Tire, feeling of pain to which they had alluded was softened very greatly, and from this cause. It was not any personal dissension or difference of opinion, or disagreement with regard to the policy of the future that had led liinr to tlrat parting from them. It was not any dislike of the social .conditional which the colony had now arrived, nor was it any personal or social consideration that was inducing him to leave, nor had ho anything to complain of in the ecclesiastical state of the diocese fronr which he was departing; on the contrary, it seemed to liim tlrat halcyon days had graced the evening- of bis episcopate. Some months ago there was an exodrrs from the diocese, and a doubt had passed through his mind as to whether a gracious Providence would fill the gaps in tliemmistry andsupply thfi vacant cures which had been -vacant for some considerable time in some instances, but he was lrappy to say that by the arrival of men who lrad been recommended to them, or to whom the diocese had commended itself as a sphere of labor, and as likely to add to their own support and maintenance, and to give them a fair field for exertion in the cause of Christ, the wants of the diocese had been supplied, and the mem bers of the clergy and laity welcomed the new- comers with all their hearts. His health had been suclr of late as to forbid his taking part, except in a very small degree, in the ordinations and confirmations, but he was happy to say they hail been able to secure the assistance of two bishops from the neighboring- colonies, who had met with a' cordial reception, and who by their character, honesty, preaching, and general bcaiing, had tended greatly to uphold the character of the English episcopate. Refer ring to the work which he iiadbeen obliged to give up, under the will of Providence, he said although he was now better than he had been, he felt that at the age of 791- years, it was vain for him to expect to have that vigor and "usefulness that would sustain him in visiting the more distant parts of the diocese and to do the work of what was essentially a missionary episcopate. Looking at the railroad going through the very heart of the country to the distant settlement of the Gums, and again at Mount Gambier and to the Peninsula and the two gulfs separating them from the western, coast, or looking at the spread of settlement from Eucla to the Barrier Ranges, and tending up to the south - west portion of Queensland and the Riverina district, he could not at his age expect to properly attend to the requirements of the adavneing settlement, and therefore he felt it to he the call from his Master that lie should leave the work in younger and abler hands. Though younger and abler, his successor could not be more earnest and zealous in promoting the cause of Christ than he had been, but he trusted that with the grace of God the operations of the churcli would be enlarged and extended to the uttermost limits of settlement. He felt how inadequate had been their efforts in the past, especially in the Areas, although it was due to the laity to say that they had nobly assisted the clergy in their work, and lie than Iced God that lie had raised up men like minded with the clergy to carry oil the work under the superintendence of the ministry, feeble and scattered as it was. These were the thoughts which made the pains of parting much less poignant than they would be. He was leaving the diocese without any un friendly feeling for anyone,, and there was not a member of the clergy or the laity, or any otlier lionest-minded man, that lie could not recognise and greet as. a man and a brother, cither on the score of his manhood or liis Christianity, or in the broader, sense of clmrchmansiiip. He lmd nothing but liappy recollections of tfriendship in . con nection with the members of the church, and also others who were not within its pale. He had always been a churchman to the backbone, as he believed that the doctrine of the clim-ch contained in itself the germ of the whole body of saving truth and all that was good and holy in Christian life. He did not say that the church was not imperfect; he did not say that it had not been secnla- in its time. He had seen great changes in its character, and he. looked forward to the day when, with the development of Christian character, without sacrificing one jot of truth, catholic principle or primitive usage, all christians might feel tliey were : one in the unity and brotherhood of the Gospel, and he looked forward to the time : when the beautiful Gospel announcement would be fulfilled—"Peace on earth and good will to men of love"—that was as (lie believed it was given in the old version. There j M-ould then be found in the great body of those in Christ the beautiful sentiment of Christianity that would draw them gradually nearer, and instead of being in hostile camps they would feel that tliey were united in one great cause and work together in the i house of God. He did not believe this was | a vain vision. . He did not know how it was to be brought about, but he believed it would be. With all these feelings he believed he was doing liis duty in giving the work into' younger hands tliau his own, and he trusted that tliey, who had cordially supported him in the great work of developing the church in this colony, would also assist his successor in every way. God forbid that lie should claim to himself anything beyond a portion of this work. The clergy and laity had helped him worthily in carrying out the work and bring ing the diocese to what lie might say was its present full-grown state. He did not believe there was any diocese which was more com pletely furnished with the instrumentality of religion than their own. He could look back now to the little struggles they had', and to the doubts and fears and anxieties that pressed them when the State aid ques tion agitated their minds, and they were look ing forward to the blank of a non- established or unaided church, and hardly knew where to turn for help, but he thanked God most devoutly that that great question was carried as it was, and that the church was thrown on lier resources, for how nobly had she estab lished herself on the vohmtary principle. He did not think anybody had done more in the time to place itself in a proper position than the Church of England in this diocese. Look at the list of charities, and societies, and committees, and funds that they had organised, and which were now in a flourish ing state. He also looked upon the Synod as a-great experiment, and when he left London in 13-34 he had' -to seek the opinion of Sir llicliiti'd. Bcbhol atid other eminent lawyers and a great Irish chancel; lor and four of the ablest men of the day, in order to ascertain that, it was no violation of the act of submission of Henry Till, to bold a conference Of Synod in the diocese. He was assisted when lie came here, and the matter was discussed long and anxiously and in a hearty and friendly maimer, and they came to ait agreement which had lasted for a period of thirty years, and he believed on that basis of the three orders—the bishop, clergy and laity joined together—they had been able to raise up a church which was an ornament and a benefit to the colony. He saw that it was utterly impossible for the episcopal func tions to be exercised by one individual in this diocese, and they had prepared the way for creating fresh bishopries. He did not think they had violated the letter of the original endowment, as if the diocese was to be "coextensive with the province lie must have coadjutors. They had made the neces sary preparations and started a fund for the purpose, and lie trusted that the blessin"" of' God would rest upon this as upon the other methods they had adopted for the spread of the Gospel through this country. Then again they had never thought of a lay agency. It was a now agency in the work, andlie liad endeavored to carry it out; and what was the result ? They now had 139 unpaid gentlemen assisting the clergy, and he hoped no jealousy would arise to prevent them from cordially acting together so far as the limits of the lay agency admitted, ancl so far as the rights and privileges and duties of the clergy allowed them to accept their assistance. The work must be conducted under th e spirit of God's providence and guidance, and the wisdom which was from above, lie had no doubt, would enable them to overcome all difficulties. If they united in the spirit of prayer and asked that God would send them a wise, able governor in his place, and they assisted him with the same cordiality and the same manly freedom as they had assisted him, and gave him advice which tlicy believed in their consciences to bo true, and the laity, would boldly and manfully, express their opinions, they would foim a threefold cord united by the Spirit of God, the strands of which cord would nol easily lie broken. The threefold cord he recognised m the bishop, the clergy, and tlm laity, and God forbid that the duties of one strand should entrench upon the duties of the others, but that they might form the strom" cord by wliicli the car of the Ohuvcli, not the car of Juggernaut, might be drawn with peace and joy, happiness, innocence, and truth through the land; that it might be dra/\vii "with triirrnpU through _ the whole length and breadth of the province. They had referred to St. Barnabas College, and lie trusted that that institution would give them the means ot educating, according to the primitive training of the Church of England, ministers wlio-' would greatly assist in developing the work of the Church; that the clergy would fino it answer the pur poses of a chapter house, and that choral singing would also be conducted there. He hopedlt would serve as a hostel for clergy men from distant parts oi the diocese who had hitherto been dependent for accommoda tion to a certain extent on the hospitality of friends. He had very dearly at heart the completion of the Cathedral, and no had brought with Mm a picture of the Cathedral as it ought to be, Wiueh he would present to Synod. He had thought of- taking it to England, but he could not bear to take it out of the colony; and he "hoped the picture—which had been colored by Mr. Elcum—wculd grace the wall of the office. He would also hand over to them a picture of St. Barnabas College, and he left the pictures as representing his wishes and designs had his life anong-st them been of ten years' longer dilution. He prayed to God that the next bishop would be able to complete tlicse works which had been commenced by him He felt great satisfaction that the Church of Eng land was now flourishing more than ever, because able men had been chosen from the presbytery, and were nov in every part of England lending their energy and learning as deans and canons if the cathedral churches to the cause of G«d. They were the centres of moral activity and parochial im provement, and the churches were assuming a life and vigor wliicl.. was perfectly astounding to him, whoso thoughts car ried him back to tlirfcy years ago. . He referred to some of tht changes that had recently taken place in church life at home, and pointed out that although several eminent men had passed away recently the position of the church w.os never strcnger than at pre sent. He asked why under these circumstances he should doubt that t-lie same good Provi dence of God which had b:cn with them for the last thirty years would still attend them, and why he 'should doubt their wisdom mid desire to fulfil the gloiy of God. He liad no doubt on these points, and he trusted they would pray God to send them a proper bisliop in his place. He was sure they would do their part, and if they sou "lit God's aid ancl guidance in their work it would not be withheld. The dean having requested him to draw up a form of prayer for the use of Synod in connection with the va cancy of the See, he had Hone so, and lie would ask them to join in the prayer which, if considered suitable, they would use when lie was gone. It would recall to their minds oue wio had long worked with them, and win liad received blessing and comfort while he had been with tliem. He thanked tlieni for their address, and prayed that God would always attend The BISHOP, who seemed very much affected with a sense of his position, then read the following prayer:—'"O Lord Jesus Christ, who didst appoint twelve Apostles to preach the glad tidings of salvation to a fallen world; and afterwards didst choose Matthias in the place of Judas when lie by transgres sion fell; we, Thy servants, desirous to follow the rule of the church, 'built upon the foundation of Thy Apostles and Prophets,' beseech Thee to guide us by Thy Holy Spirit in choosing a Ciiief Pastor to have the rule over us. Let there be no divisions among us. Let not party zeal cause us so to act as if Christ were divided. With one accord may wc strive to choose a man approved of God, who stall rightly dis pense the Word of Truth, and, if need be, correct and reprove with all long-suffering and patience. Be with us when we give forth our lots that they may fall on one who shall be a true successor of Thine Apostles, not in name only, but in deed and truth, to the glory of Thy name, O Lord, and the welfare of this church and people; who livest and reignest with the Father and the Holy Ghost, one God Almighty, world without end. Amen." His Lordship afterwards pronounced the Benediction, and took leave of the members of Synod. 