A QUEER CLUE (Concluded from yesterday). ?? ; : CHAPTER H. I had left, the police altogether, and was living very comfortably, my good lady and' I, up at Islington, ? in the same street with tny married daughter, who was doing very comfortably, too, her husband hiving a go--d berth in the city. I bad always been of a saving turn, and had bought two or three houses, so with a tidy pension, which I had earned by thirty years' service, I oould afford to go about a bit nnd enjoy myself. Of oourse iu all that time I had made the ac quaintance of a . good many professional people ; nnd thete were vi-ry few theatres or exhibitions that I couldn't gut admission to. Wo — my wife and I, I mean — made it a rule tii go everywhere that we could get tickets ior ; and whether it was the launch of a ship, the charity children sit St. Paul's,.. or Sam Cowell at the Canterbury Hall, it did'nt matter to us ; we wont. And it was at the Canterbury I first had the Coinbestead murder more particularly recalled' to iay mind. . I was there by myself, tho old lady not being willing ti leavo my married daughter — because, well, it was in consequence of her being a married daughter — so I went by myself. There was a young woman who sang a comic version or 'There's a good time coming' splendidly; and as I was always of a chatty turn, I couldn't halp remarking to tne person that was Bittinf! uexi; to me, how first-class she did it, when ho exclaimed '? ' Hollo ! why, never ! Super intendent Kobinsou ?' And then held out his hand. It was young Lytherly, bub so stout and brown and whiskery — if I may say so— thai 1 didn't know him; ' Mr. Lythcvly I' I oxeliiimnil, '.I didn't expect to soe you ; and you're riyht as to my being Eobinsou, although police officer no longer. Why, I thought you were in the army.' ' So I 'was,' be returned, ' but I'm out of it now ; and I'll tell you how it was.' It seems be had been to India, and got some promotion after three years service ; and had the good fortune to save his colonel from drowning, or what was more likely in thossjparts, being taken down by a crocodile, undflv circumstances of oxtrnordinaiy bravery He did not tell me this lait bit,' but I heard so afterwards. Lytherly was always a wonderful swimmer, and I remember his taking a prize at London. The exertion or the wetting brought on a fever, and ho was recommended for his disclnvgc. Tho colonel behaved most liberally. Uut what was thu best of nil. the old fellow who kept tho can teen at the station died about this time, and Lytherly had been courting his daughter for a good bit, inoro to the girl'a satisfaction than that of her father, so then they got married and came homo to England, and ho was tolerably well off. He naturally talked about the Coinbestead murder, and said frankly enough, that— except the people with whom he bad lodged, and they were suspected, ho said, o£ perjury — he thought I was the only person iu the town who did not believe him guilty of the murder. 'But murder will out, Mr. Robinson,' he said; 'and you will see this will bo found out some day. ' Wc-.ll, I am sura I hope it will, Mr. Lytherly,' I answered him. 'But as ' murder will out ' and all that, I don't think you will find any policeman or mag'strate who will agreo with you thero ; and there was less to help us when you had got out of the scrape in this Combestcad business, than any affair I was ever concerned iu.' 1 1 don't care,' he saya j ' it will coma out, Mr Eobinson, I dream of it almost every night ; and my wife consulted some of the best fcrtune.teller8 in India, und they all told her it would be discovered.' \ ' Hum 1' I said, ' we don't think much of fortune-tellers here, you know.' 'I'm -perfectly aware of that,' he says, ?and Ishouldn t give tbem in as evidenco; bvitif you had lived three years in India with people who knew the natjvo ways, you might alter your mind about fortune-tollers. Any way, you will romember when it's found out, that I told you how it would be.' I laughed, and said I bIiouUI, and after wo had another glass of ale together, nnd ho bad givon me his address and njailo me promise to call ou him, wo parted. I told my wife all about it ; and it is very curious to see how all womou are aliku in curiosity and superstition and all that ; for although my wife had been married to motor thirty years, and so bad evory opportunity ot learning better, yet she caught at what young Lytherly — not so very young now, bylheby had said about these fortune-tellers, and was quite ready to believe and swenr the murder would be found out. It's no use arguing with a party like that ; so I merely smiled at her and passed it off. It was the very next day that Mrs. Eobiuson nnd my6elf had agreed to go and see a now exhibition of paintings which some ouq was starting in London, and tickets were pretty freely given awny for it; but the same, reason wlrich stopped my wife from poinp to tho Caritetbui-^ stonned her from going to the exhibition. I wont, of course, because I couldn't be of any use, uudar the qirou instances, to my married daughter ; and a very good exhibition- it was too, Thoro were plenty of paintings, aud I had gone through all the rooms and entered the lust one. There were vary few persons, I was sorry to see, iu tho pluoe, so thg.t you oould have an uninterrupted view of any picture you pleased. Aftor gkneing carelessly round &he; room, for one gets a kind of surfeited with pictures after a bit, I was struok by a gloomy.-looking painting to the loft of the doorway, and which I had not noticed ou my first entry. When I xiamo to look'cloaet into it, I was mote than struck— I was astounded. It was iv pic ture' representing tho finding of old Trapbuis the misor, in the Fortunes of Nigel. The heavy, dull room was lighted only by tho oaudlo, which the young uoblamau hold above his head; and it appeared to be excellently painted. But what drew my ntt&ntion; was that, as a part of the con fusion iii whioh the struggle between the old man and his murderers had placed the room, tbo washstand bad been upset, hud fullen iuto tho grate, where it was .shown as un broken, although tho water was flooding the boards— all exactly' as I had seen the gnuio things five years before— so exactly, that I was' perfectly sure no chance coincidence bad produced the resemblance,' but that wbqeverhad painted this picture liad soon tho room whore Miss Parkway had been murdered and bad had the fenlures of the ecene stamped on his memory. Whoso likely t-3 have tlio scene so stamped, I instantly thought, ftS tho murderer himself? As this rushed upon my ;:-ind, I oonjd nod rpprees jm exolamatioii, although pi'fiUy vpl} guarded as a rulo. Tho only other person in liie room hourd me, and oatne to nets what had o'xeitod 1110 so strongly. Apparently ho was \- OisivpHoiiltad, tot fro bj^dJcgia th« pi«tuto to his catalogue, thin to tbo picture again, then at me, back to his catalogue, and then wont away with a 'discontented grunt. I did not move, however, but remained quite absorbod in tho study of this mysterious painting; find the 'more I looked the morn convinced I became that .it was copied from tho scene of Miss Parkway's murder. There were several Httlo points which I bad not at lirst noticed, and had quite forgotten ; ouch as tho position of the fire-irone, tho direc tion in' which the water had run, and so forth, which wore all faithfully shown in the picture. To be brief, I hnd made up my :mind before I left thefi-oom that I had at lust found the real clue to the Combestead murder,. ., ' ? : Tho artist's name was Wyndham j and I determined that I would very soon, as a natural - beginning, make some inquiries about this Mr. VVyndham ; aiid indeed I .. began. before I left the exhibition. I en. gaged tho hall-keeper to have a glass with me at the nearest, tavern, and when I got fairly into conversation with him asked care lessly where Mr.' Wyndham lived, as I thought I had known him some years ago, giving., a, -..description ot some entirely imagiuery person. The hall-keeper said : 1 No — that was not the sort of man at all. Mr. Wyndham was (here he described him). and he doesn't live at the west-end of London, as you said, sir, bnt at a place in Essox, not very far from Colchester.' He knew where he bad lived, becmse he had several times posted letters to him at 'The Mount.' Thi? was about all I got from the hall-keeper, but it was as much as I wanted, I am not greatly in the habit of taking other people into my confidenco, bnt this was altogether an exceptional case ; so, after 1 little reflection, I went, straight to the address John Lytherly had given me, and told him what I had aeon. He of course introduced me to bis wife, a very pretty dar!c-eyed young woman; and when I ' had told all, they ex changed looks lees of surprise than triumph. 1 ' Oh, it is coming all right,' he exclaimed. ' 1 knew the niurdor would cry out some day. And now you will have a little more respect for Indian fortuuo tollers.' ' I am not quite sure about that/ I said. ' But don't you go making so certain that wo are going to nan out anytmng. Mr bytherly ; this may be only an amilefttiil resemblance. Because, 113 you may suppose, I bad not told them how confident I felt iu my own mind.' ' Accidental ! Nonsense !' was nil he said to that ; and then he asked me what was the first step I proposed to take. I told him I thought we ought to go down to this village and see if we could learn anything suspicious about Mr Wyiul ham ; and by my old dotec tivo habits, aud the way in which tho officers about would be sure to help me, I thought wo mi^ht Tcukon on i'mding out what wa3 wanted. He was delighted, ami asked when we should start, and when I said that very night, bo was more delighted still. It is always my .rulo to strike tho iron while it's hot, and nothing could possibly ho :;ot by waiting now ; so I made up my inind just to run homu, get a few tilings iu my ba™, and go down by the ten o'clock train. My wife, you maj be sure, was very astonished ; but, as I expected she would be, was just as confident in the murder being found out a3 young Lytherly h'unsalf. Of course the latter was ready. And we were put down at our destina tion about twelve o'clock, too late for any thing that night, but we were on the spot to begin the first thing iu tho morning. And accordingly directly after breakfast we began. Jolm Lytherly would Iiavo beguu before breakfast, but as an old hand 1 knew bettor thun that ; because the party wo were after, allowing he was the right party, after a five years rest, wasn't going to bolt ; so it was no case for hurrying aed driving. Well, snon aftor breakfast I sauntered into the bur and began talkiug with the landlord, who was an elderly sort of man about my own ago, and who bragged — as if it was a thing to be proud of — before he had talked three minutes, that ho had lived, man and boy, in Chumplcy, which was tbe name of the lively place, for more than fifty years, 'Thou you're just the fellow for me,' I thought ; and then be«an talking of an old I master of mine who was now living some, j where down in this neighborhood by the name of Wyndham. ' Wyndham 1 Let .me see 1 Wyndham? ' aays the landlord, putting on his wisest look. 1 No J I can't remember any party of that name, There's Wilkinson, and Wiggins ; perhaps it's one of thorn. ' I told him they would not do ; and then added, that the party J wanted was something of an artist, painted pictures partly for plea sure and partly for profit. This was only a guess of mine, but it was a pretty safe one. 1 Oh j there's lots of them about here 1 ' exclaims the old boy, grinning very much, as if ib was a capital idea. ''Chore's Mr De Lancy Chorkle, Miss Belvidera Smith, Mrs Galloon Whyte, Mr ll'ardy Uminto, and a lot more ;ibut I don'ttbiuk there's a Wymlham.' 'Ah, well it tfon'b matter,' I said vory earo lessly still ; 'I may be mistaken. I heard, however, he lived down here nt a place called the Mount. Is there such a placo? ' ' Is there such a place, ' says the landlord, with as much contempt iu his voico as if I ought to be abUamcd o£ myselt foi- not know ing. ' Yes, there ia ; and a first-rate gentle man artist lives ,-thero too ; but bis name ain't Wyndham ; his name happens to be Parkway, sir, Mr Philip Parkway ; though I have heard that he is too proud to paint Under his own name.' ' 1 think, landlord,' I said. ? that I'll havo just three-penn'orth of brandy, cold ;' which I took, and left him without anotherword, for whenl beard this name, I felt struck all of a heap, because it had made a guess into cer tainty, though in a way I had never droaint of. I couldn't even go back to Lytherly for a little while, ib was all so wouderful ; and I was ao angry with myself for never having thought at tho time that tho man who, of all others in tho world, had the most to gain by the, poor woman's death, might havo been the cue who killed her. In thu bitterness of my feeling I could not help saying that any one but a detectivo would havo pounced upon this fellow at tbo first. However, I got over the vexation, and went back to Lytherly to toll him ray nowa. Wo were eaoh very confident that we had the right soent now ; but yet it was not easy to see what wo were to do. I could not very well apply for a warrant against a man because he bad painted a picture ; and so wo walked and talked until we. could think qE nothing better than going down to Combestead, and with our fresh information to help us, seeing if we could not rake up something there. ' We came to this resolution just as wo reached u toll-gato, close by whioh stood a Httlo house, winch, anpeated to bo tho beer shop, baker's, post-ofnoo, and grocer's for the neighborhood. Not much of a neighborhood, by-tbe-bye, for exceptiag a fow gontlemen's seats there was hardly another house within sjght, One small but comfortable-looking t'esiUenoo, we wore informed by the chatty old lady who owned the 'Btore.'was the Mount whore Mr Parkway lived. He was a rotired, Bilent sort of a gentleman, she said, aud people thought his wife didn't have the happiest of lives with biua. He had been married for a few years, the old lady wont ou ; soon after a relation had died, and left him a good bit of money. Before that he only rented apart ments in thq village ; but whe,n ho married Miss Dellar, who was an orphan with a [good bit of ifionoy too, but quite a girl to him, and they went to live at tho Mount. At this point the old lady broke suddenly off and said : ? tlere tney are I going to the door imme diately, and dropping her very bpst courteoy. Wo followed her into the little porch, and there, siiro enough, was a low carriag.;, drawn by ouo hor«o, arid in it oat a gloomy clurk man, whom I bad no difficulty in rocoffoisiug, and by his' aido iv alight, v«ry prot^y, but oare worn looking young woman. Mr. Parkway looked coolly enough at us, and ' wo as care lessly returned his glance, for wo were both 89 WWfc °ktm{jo.-li aiuw tb.qOom(b9Btya,fld,ajfs| that there was little fear of his reinemboring us. ... It sfiomeil they had ctlled about a servant which the post-offico keeper was to havo recommended, nnd Mm Parkway alighted from the carriage to writu somu nieini-riiiv.lmii on tho business. Parkway had never spoken, nnd I thought I could see in his hursli features truces of anxiety and remorse. Lytherly bad followed Mrs Parkway into the shop, and, as I could see from whore I stood, on tho lndy aakiug for a pen, he drew his gold pencil-o:iRe from his pocket, and offered it, as probably containing a bettor imulemcnt than any tho post-oHico could afford. Tbe la?ly stared, looked a little startled, but after ,-i moment's hesitation accepted it with .1 very sweet smile. While Mra Parkway was engaged in writing her letter, Lytherly stood by her side, and sauntered out after her. £ bad been waiting in the porch, watching her husband, whose fajo was so familiar to mo that I half expected to see a look of recognition come into his eyes; but nothing of the sovt happened. Lytherly watohed them drive oft, then turn ing suddenly round, exclaimed ; 'It's ns good as over, Robinson ! ' We've got them !' ' Why, what is there afresh!' I asked. 'Just sufficient to hang the scoundrel,' said Lytherly. 'You remember, ol course, that among other things which were stolen on this night of the murder was a curious locket which poor Miss Parkway uaed to wear, and that some fragments of the chain wero afterwards found. I remembered this very well, and told him so. ' Very good,' ho continned. ' I gavo that locket and chain to the poor old girl ; it was tho only valuable I possessed ia the world ; and Mra Parkway has the contral carbuncle in her brooch now.' 'Noii3ense !' I- exclaimed, not knowing exactly what I did say at tho moment. i ' It is a, fact,' he said ; ' and I can swear i to it. What is more to the point, perhaps, is, thot although' the stone is in a strange setting, and no one but myself, proliabiy, could recognise it, yot I can identify it. On the sido arc my iuiticils cut iu almost microscopical characters. If they are there, that settles it ; if they aro not, put me clown as un imrioatuv, and fix the murder on me if you like.' Thero was a good deal moro raid after this, but tlio upshot of it was that wo went over to Colchester, and laid the matter bu foro tho authorities ; when, after a little hesi tation, a warrant was granted for tbe appre hension of Mr Phillip Parkway ; and two officers, accompanied by Lytherly and my self, went over to execute it. It was after nightfall when wo arrived at tho Mount ; and on knocking at the dom-, we found that Mr Parkway wa3 in ; but bis wife was out, having yone up (so tbo elderly woman that was called by tbo foot boy informed us), to piny the harmonium at the weekly rehearsal of tho village choir, 'About the only amusement slie | has, poor thing,' the woman muttered, iiad she seemed in a very bad temper about something. Wo said we wanted to see. her master, and that sho need not announce us. And as I live, I believe that woman guessed directly who we wero, and what wo bad come for. At anyrato, quito a glow of triumph came into her face, and she pointed to a door nearly opposite to wliaro wo stood. We opened it, and found our suives in a sort of large study, where, seated at a table, reading, was tbo mau we wanted. Ho looked up in surprise as we entered, ami the light falling strongly on his face, while the rest of the room waf- in darkness, I thought I saw a paleness come and go ou his features ; but (.hut might havo been fancy. | 'What is your business V ' he began; but | Mr Banes the chief constable cut him short, j 1 1 am sorry to inform you, Mr Park'vay, ' bo said, ' that I hold a warrant for your ar rest, and you must consider yourself in ciutody.' Parkway stared at him, mechanically closed the book ho was roadinn. and said : ' Un what charge, sir?' 'For murder,' saya Banes 1 anil then I was sure Parkway did turn very white 'For tiio mnrdsr of Miss Parkway, at Combostoad, in ISO-.1 Parkway looked from one to tho other of us for a few seconds without speaking ; at last his eyes settled for an instant on Lytliorly ; then turning to Banes, he said, pointing straight at Lytherly : ' It was that man, 1 have no doubt, \vh6 set you on.' ' Yoa bad better not say anything, sir,' a.iid tbe chief ooustable, 'but just give your ser vants what orders you wish, and come with us, as we cannot stop.' ' I daresay it «as he,' continued Parkway, not ausworing Mr Banes, bnt seeming to go on with his own thoughts, ' I fancied lie was dead, for what 1 took to be bis ghost lias been in tny room every uijjht for this month past. — Where is my wifo V We toll him she was not at homo, and tli.it wo wero anxious to spare her us far as possible but he gave such a bitter smile, anil sai'l : 'She will certainly be vexed to havo had a htisband that waa hanged ; but she will be a willow on any terms. ' We diii't want to hoar any more of this, so got him away ; not without some little trouble though ; aud if thero had not been so many of us, we should have had a scouo ; as it waa, we were obliged to handcuff him. The servants, four of them, wero naturally alarmed, and were in the hall when wo went out. Mr. Parkway gavo a very few direc tions, and tho elderly woman grinned quito spitefully at him. 'Don't insult tho man, now he'sdowu.' I said in a whisper, while Parkway and the two officers got into the fiy. Lytherly and 1 were to ride outside and drive. 'Iugu.lt/tiMi/ the wretch!' she said. 'Yon don't mean to suppose he has any feelings to hurt. Ho has been trying to drive my pool young mistress — that [ nursed whon a, biiby — into her grave, and he would havo done it, if I hqd not been hero. The only oxouso is, ho is, aud always has beeu, a dangerous lunatic' Wo drove off, and I saw no moro of bor, and never heard how Mrs. Parkway took the intellignnco. Tho lady was present at the preliminary examination ; and to her yvo!\t surprise her oarbuncle broach was taken from her and used against her hnsband. This examination was on the next morning, und wo obtained moro evidonco tban we' had at first oxpectod. Not only was the carbunclo marked as Lytherly bail said it would be, but I had been up at tho station, being unable to shako off old habits, and had made somo enquiries . there. Straugoly enough, tho man who was hoad-porter now had been head-porter thoro five years ago (it is a very sensible way mil ways havo of kuepiug a goad maniu the same position always j promotion generally upsets arid confuses thinas) : and he was*.ablo. bv secondary facts, to fix the dates aud to shew that not only did Mr. Parkway go to Combe stead for the funeral, but that bo went to London and back just before ; from Lmulon, of course, ho could easily get to Combestead, and his absence left him about time to do so. We proposod then to have a remand and get evidonce from Combestead; but it was never needed. Parkway had been expecting this blow for years, and always kept some deadly poison concealed in the' hollow of his watch-soul. This he took, on the night after his examina tion, aud was found dead iu his coll by the officer who went the rounds. Ho first wrote a. very long and minute confession, ov, ratheu justification, showing that hie motive had been to prevent his oousin's marriago with 1 .ythorly, Whom he seemed to hate very much, although tbe young man had never harmed him. Ho said ho went expressly to Couibeatat'-d to got possession, oH6e money hia niisgajded relative had drawn, and to' kill her, Ho folt that if ho left hor alivo, shu would carry out her scandalous plan,' and thoroforo it was his duty to kill her ? so in doing this he folt he-had committed no criino, lju,tj UivJ only buen aa. iustvuuwAii oJ'jubUqq, So 1 suppo8olio was, as the housekeeper de clared; a dangerous .lunatic. However, tho reward of one hundred pounds had never been withdrawn, and I got it ; it was pnitl out of Parkway's qstuto too, which was the .atrnunest go I. ever heard of. Lytherly and his wife aro great friends with Mra Uobiuson and myself; indeed we have usually one of their young ones staying with na, when we haven't onu or two from my married daughter. Mrs Parkway, I beard, soM off at tlio Mount, and went away ; and somu tinio after I saw by the papers that she was raiiiriel to someone else. . 1 hopo sho mailo a bettor match the second timo. On the whole, 011 looking bnck I am in clined to think that of nil tho clues by which I over found anybody out, this was really tlio queerest. — Chambers Journal. 