. BREATHE ROYAL. I "HAMLET." " Hamlet" was played at this house on Saturday evening, with Mr. Dewhurst as the Prince. Although an unequal performance, it was a much better one, especially in the earlier scenes, than his Othello and Shylock had led us to expect. His address to the spectre of his father was quietly impressive, agreeably free from exaggeration or assignees, and appropriately reverential. He kneels in an attitude of filial piety, until the fact of the murder is revealed, when he springs to his feet, audlistenB to the detailed narrative of the crime with strained attention, When he interrupts it with the words "0 my pro- phetic BOut he pronounces "mine uncle?" interrogatively; which is justified by the immediate rejoinder of the ghost, "Ay, that incestuous, that adulterate beast." But we must protest against the substitution of the " book and volume of my blessed brain " for the original text; while we would suggest that John Kemble's reading of the line "Did you not speak to itself which he laid the emphasis on the second word, as implying that Hamlet would have expected his old friend, who knew his father so well, to have addressed himself to the apparition he identified be accurately, while he did not look for anything of the kind from Marcelina was preferable to Mr. Dewhurst., who accentuates the word speak." Throughout the whole of the first act that gentleman acted with a self-restraint and an intelligent perception of the requirements of the situation, which we are glad of the opportunity of acknowledging. In the second act he mis- reads the passage "for you yourself, sir, should be as old as I am, if, like a crab, you could go backward," by substituting "crawl" for " go," which is anything but an improvement of the text. And when the players follow Polonius, Mr. Dewhurst enjoins them to " mock him not," a transposition of emphasis from the verb to the process which has not much to recommend it. In the soliloquy which follows there was a super abundance of energetic declamation, which took well with the audience, but was destructive of the idea that Hamlet was com- mining with himself, was indulging in a morbid habit of introspection and was, in short, thinking aloud. That he does be under the stress of great emotion must be freely conceded and that nine actors out of ten raise their voices to the highest pitch when uttering the words, " Remorseless, treacherous, lecherous, kindless villain," is also perfectly true ; but that the Prince would have done so in his uncle's palace, with the knowledge that two spies had been set to watch his conduct, and with the conviction that he must be circumspect in his revenge, as improbable in the extreme. He was much more likely to have spoken them in that growling under- tone which Macready used to employ with such excellent effect when he wished to exhibit fpowerfully- represBed emotion. At the close of this act Mr. Dewhurst introduces a novel and commendable bit of " business " by sitting down to write the speech, of some dozen or sixteen lines, which he has requested the players to study for a need." The famous soliloquy in the first scene of the third act was judiciously delivered. All the passages spoken in a lower key were impressive and effective, and the speaker only ceased to be so when, as at the words " Or to take arms against a sea of troubles," he broke out into land and hurried diction, In his subsequent interview with Ophelia, Mr. Dewhurst made a good point by turning his back to the audience and throwing up his hands with a gesture of surprise when he discovers that the King and Polonius are eavesdropping, and he clearly conveys to the audience that Hamlet is talking at the listeners rather than to Ophelia, and that his main object is to conceal his tenderness for her, and to impress them with the belief that he is really distracted. Hamlet's advice to the players was stage, and declamatory; and it locked the graceful ease and cottrlexe-nding dignity of the accomplished prince, tutoring men who were socially his inferiors, but doing so with a delicacy and tact which would heighten the value of the lesson, and cause it to be accepted as a compliment In the short col- toque with Polonius, before the performance of "The Murder of Gonzogo," Mr. Dewhurst forgets the' respect which Hamlet displays for that nobleman when others are present, and insults him before the whole court. . Fechtet; with the instincts ' of a gentleman,- used to say, when the Lord Chamberlain observed, " Brutus killed me,"""Itwas a brute part of him," and then walking away, added sotto voce, " to MU so capital a calf there." The morose sarcasm was heard only by the utterer of it. Some new business was introduced at the close of the play scene. The conscience smitten King, instead of beating a precipitate retreat, moves mechanically, and with averted eyes, towards the proscenium to draw the curtains and shut out the accusing spectacle, when Hamlet, instead of crawling across to him, as is usually done, springs to his feet and hisses in his ear, " What ! frighted with false fire?" When all have disappeared but Horatio -and the Prince, Mr. Dew- hurst delivers the quatrain, " Why let the stricken' deer go weep," too bois- terously, as we think. The feeling of the moment would not be one of violent hysteria, but of delight at the verification of the ghost's statements, and the tenor of the question, " Would not this, sir, and a forest of feathers," &c.;, shows the hilarious condition of Hamlet's mind. The passage beginning " Tis now the very witching time of night was much better delivered. The scene in the Queen's closet was too rough and violent-at least, up to the entrance of the ghost. There was no trace in the actor's Voice or manner of that under-current of affection and filial respect which certainly flowed through Hamlet's conduct to his mother, and which he would have been careful to exhibit, especially after the impressive injunction of his father's spirit " Honsocver thou pursues this act Faint not thy mind, nor let thy soul contrive Against thy mother might leave her to heal on, And to those thorns that in her bosom lodge, To prick and sting "di." Hamlet, as the text implies, is noisily rode towards his mother. He expostulated with her in language full of the bitterest reproach, but his conduct would owe most of its power to the consciousness on her part that it was inspired by filial affection, as well as by detestation of her wickedness, and of her husband's crime. In this scene, as is usually the case, the ghost appear in a suit of armour, just as he did on the battlements, in disregard of the plain directions of the text. For Hamlet exclaims, "My father, in his habit as he lived !" and it is this appari- tion of " the buried majesty of Denmark in his everyday apparel which appears to have intensified the amazement of his son upon again beholding him. When Mr. J. H, Hackett played this part he caused the ghost to emerge from the full length picture of the King in his court costume on one of the panels of the Queen's closet, and to re-enter it, the canvas appearing blank in his absence and the effect upon the audience was thrilling. Mr. Dewhurst does not appear in the fourth act, and in the fifth he was quiet and impressive in the earlier part of the churchyard scene, and afterwards " ranted as well " ob Laertes, in obedience to the text. The fencing scene at the close of the tragedy was well managed, and brought the curtain down in the midst of general applause. Mr. Dewhurst, we should add, was called before it at the end of each of the acts in which he had appeared. The character of Horatio found an acceptable exponent in Mr C. Brown, and that of the ghost was allotted to Mr. Douglass. Mr. Olly Deering as Polonius showed us how badly the Melbourne stage is in want of some one qualified to take the place of the late J. C, Lambert, and Mr. Appleton, as Laertes, relapsed into his old drawn, as if he imagined that all the open vowels should be trebled in the words he has to deliver. Hiss Docy Stewart looked very nice as Osric, but did not seem to understand the frivolous character of that court-butterfly, who is first cousin to Le Beau in " As You Like It. Mr. C. Holloway struggled manfully with the un- thankful part of the King, and Miss Anstead left little or nothing to be desired in that of the Queen. Miss Alice Deorwyn was the Ophelia of the tragedy, and caused one to regret that there is in Australia no good school of acting in which young actors and actresses can qualify themselves for the profession, as there are in her the makings of a clever performer if she had good models and teachers. As the first grave digger, Mr. Bland Holt exhibited an an. accustomed but extremely welcome humour and variety, and he had evidently bestowed no inconsiderable pains upon the part, so as to render it worthy of comparison with the beat presentations of it we have seen in this city. Hamlet is announced for repetition this evening only, and the bill is to be changed to-morrow. 