EIGHTEEN YEARS ALONE. A TALK 01' Till! I'ACIWO. CHAPTER I. Ol' tho group commonly' called tho Sinta Barbara Mauds, so noar the main-land that on tho map they seem mere . ertirahn of the Pacific ooast, littlo is knovin even by C+llfornlann. Scarcely an American but has read of tho tropical ialaada whnrc the mythfeal Robinnon Crusoe was wrecked, yot fow paroona know that over the dnnolato steeps of a nearer island of tho saroo vast aca lianc tho rovntorv. tho horror *rnl fl,n of a atoryfof a captlvo woman ; i\ story, if it could bn fully told, moro thrilling than that of Oritaoe,; inasmuch -.» ono in fiction, tho othor fact j one, tho supposed exploits of a hardy man, the otbor, tlio real desolation of a tiuflariug woman ; one, thu talo of n mariner whom tho waters flung against bis will into a nirr.rncr-land, tho otbor, of ono who volunttirily broaatod tho waves, and louglit doath, in respouao to the highest lovo of which the human heart is capable. Tlio Santa Barbara IslandB, on ono of which this straijge romancn was enacted, lio to tlio Houthward of Santa Barbara channel, tho nearest of the group being about twenty fivn- milea distant from the main- land. The namo* of the lalnnds aro Anacapa, Santa Rosa, San Miguel, S»nta Cruz, Santa Catilina, San Clemonto, Santa Barbara, San NicoluH. They are now uninhabited, and have boen so for years. Tho islands nearer tho coaut are usod for jBheop-grazlug ; a sail boat carrics ovor tho shoarero and brings back the wool. ^1. Tho moro distaut are knotvn to trappers as fine beds of otter and seal. Tho nea-lions and Bea-elophants in tho Centennial 7.-r,naift„„ N„„. V„.l, A„ ? : ? j r, ... ? nati Zoological Gardcnn were lassoed ofT the outlying i«lnmla of tho Santa Barbara group. Boats vinifc tho boacbou for obalones, the mtat of which ia dtioil mid shipped to China for fp°d, r/hile tho shells ( llatiolis splcntlcns, Ilaliotis mfcsccns and Haliotis crachcrodii), sidd at an avora«o price ol fifty dollurs por ton a!, the San Francisco wharf, aro bought by doalera hi marine shells, cut into jowollry to bo sold to tourists, or shipped to Ji/uropo, 10 DO manuMociired into buttons and other pearl ornamontB. Excepting tho occasional camps of shearers, aeal-htintors aud abalono-packers, the islands aro totally deserted. Yet, wild und desolate ao thoy now aro. Cabrillo says that in tbo fifteenth oontnry thoy woro densely peopled byn euperior raoo, and that tho main-land was dotted by viliap.es. The children of the inlanders aro doBoribed by curly navigators as being 'white, with liyht hair and ruddy cheeks,' and tho women !1B having ' fino foims, beautiful eyes and a modest dewoanour.' The men woro loose cloaks, the womon droeeod in petticoats and capeB oi seol-flkin, heavily fringed and hand Bomely ornamented. ' Tho more industrious una irounujf Biouroiaereti tlieir Harmonic with pearl and Btnall pink shells. Necklaces of sparKliug stones and oarven ivory woro worn by the higher oasto, and ear-rings of iris-hued tibalooo were not uncommon. They cooked thoir food in soapstona vessels, or iu water heated by dropping hot stones into wator- tight baskets, Banoroft, in hiB ' Native Races,' mentions, among articlea of their mauufaoture, neodlos, awls and fish hooks of bono or Bhell ; water-tight baskets, ollas of stono, and canoes, deep and long, with both stem and stern- equally olovated above tho wator. Fietoher wrote of tho coatst whon he visited it with Sir Frauois Drake in 1579. In the y«Bi- 15-12, Cabrillo landed at what is now known as San Miguel, and chriBtunod it Ysal de Foscsion. tie died on the island in 1513, and is buried in its sands. Going baok still further in our Boaroh, wo find that boforo the Spanish fisot, Sir Frauois Drake or Cabrillo ovor visited tho ooaet, tho villages thereon wero thrifty and popu lous, and tho islos of tho noa swarming oities of tho period. Of San Nioolns, on which tho ecenoB of this wild romance are laid, vory little haa outermost of tho group, distant seventy mil0B frani tho coast, and thirty miles away from its n'e?,roat nnigtibour. It iB thought to have beon at one time tho abode of a peoplo differing in inducers, habits and modo of lifo from tho inhabitants both of the main land arid tbo neighbouring islands. MonB. Da a annanA^ in ing nrcttoologioiU spsoimenB for tho Fronoh Government, Bays that the relios found by him on San Nicolas aro more elaborate in form and finish, and show a superiority of wjrkmanolup. Tnia testimony tends to con firm tho story of tho early voyagora concern ing tho cultivation ond remarkable taBto of ! tuo handsomo dwellers in Gha-las-hat, centuries ago. Mons. Do CoBsao has found also upon Sau Nioolas articles of warfare aud domestic use, ovidontly belonging to a northorn tribe, similar to those pioked up by him on tbo bordnm nf 'Alnnkn Ronnu l,a infers that tho plaoe was at one time the dwelling of north oountry tribes. Corroborating Mons. Do CesBao'a opinion, Boarch through anoient manuscript haB brought to light the fact that, many years ago, a ship belonging to Pope and Boardmau, of Boston, and commanded by one Captain Whitmore, brought down from Sitka a lot of Kodiaks for the parpoBe of otter-hunting on San Nicolas Island. They were left upon tho iBland, and yoars of feud resulted in a mas aaore, in whioh every grown male islander was killed by the powerful and well-armod Kodiaks. Tho women wero taken by the viators, lived'with them aB wives, and bore children to tbo murderers of their huabandB and fathers. The faot is reoorded that tho inhabitants of San Nioolas faded away strangely and rapidly, bo that, in 1830, Iobb than two eoore men, women and children re mained of tho onoe donse population. Meantime, Franaisoan zealots pourod from the south of Europe into Amerioa, and, under lead of Father Junipero Sorra, found their way up the coast, building ohnrohes beside the soa, planting gardens of olive and palm, making aqueduotB and altars, founding a kingdom ol temporal and spiritual splendour, , whioh leavea to ProteBtant Amerioa the names of saints sot indelibly on overy stroam, hoadland aud island along the southern slope of tho Paoifio. It waa the dawn of a temporary civilisation, imposing and wonderful, a olvilisation whoso raina are moBt artistio and faBoinating. , The missionaries pressed the Indians into servioe. They set them to tilling tho Boil, herding tho flookB and quarrying the rook. The ooaat Indiana having boon put to labour, the thrifty padreB turned their gaze to the islands iu, tho offing, and brought to tho main-land tho people from Santa Rosa, San' Miguel, Santa Cruz and Santa' Catalina. Tho moro distant island of San* Nioolas was left a while to-repose in its heathen darkness. How affairs progressed during that timo on the island wo have no aoconnt. At thiB day the queen isle of Gha- lOB-hat lies bare and silent as u tomb amidst the sea. In this desorted spot, for eighteen years, a human being lived alone. Here sho was' found at last by fishermen who 'are living, and whose affidavits, properly witnessed, stamp as true evory detail of the remark able incident. V CHAPTER n. ? In the yoar 1835, Isaaa Sparka and LowiB li. Burton, Americans, chartered A aohooner ol twenty tons burthen, for otter-hunting cn tlin lower California coast. Tho vossol watt OwmOu by u nuh Spamiirdjjnl Monterey, and was oomiJiHiicIed by Ciptiin Charley Hub bnrd. The schooner boro the linuio Pcor cn Hcda, and she starlet! out of Suutu llarb.irii Harbour on a fino April morning, fJilowod by tho eyoB of tho onlire population. In thoso times the flight of a Balling vessel was not an ovory-doy ooonrrenoo. It drow tbo mon to tlio btaoli, tho women to' tho onse montfl, nnd attrootod :tlio friars from thoir usual moditntivo gaze on ground or book. For bonra previous to tho dopartnre of the tclioonor, t.ho cnrvlug stretch of sand had boon alivo with racing horsomen ond lazy padoatrians, exchanging, in Spanish, words of praiso oonoerning their viailor.' After a succoseful oruiro, tho 1'e.or e's Nada camo, threo months later, into tho more souineriy uaroonr ot asn I'edro, unloaded her pelts, and immediately, under direotion of Cnplhiu Williams, collector of the port, eet nail ior S.m Nicolnu to bring tho islaudern to tho main-lund, in accordance with tho will of tho church fathers. Bofore they renched their destination a sudden gnlo came up, lining almoBt to tho severity of a tempest. The winds — which by tho Sjnta Yuez mountains aro defieotrd from the vslleyo of tlio southern coast— struck with full force upon -the uppor end of San Nicolw, lushing »be shoal watern into fury, and shooting the spray In volleys through the picturesque carvings of the low cliffs. Tha lnnmnp -unn MflnntnA tr-HY- The wind mcroasod in violonco. Tue weather became bo boisterous ao to endanger tho safety of the vessel. No time waa wasted. Tho ialanders, n o in u twenty in numbor, wero hurried lnto the boat's, and all spoed waa ruade to reach the ochoonftr. In tho fxcitcmonc and confusion of tho final abandonment o£ their homo, it waB not known until they wore oii tlio ship that v. child had beon left behind. The inothor supposed it to have besn curried aboard in the arms of an old sailor. She frantically Itaploroi! tho men to rotum. The captain replied thai they must get to a placa of safety *, after tho storm — to-morrow, per hspe — they would como back for the baby. Finding that thoy wero going out to uea, tho yuuog mother became desperate, and, desplto all eiforfca to detain hor, jumped overboard arid struck out through cho koipy waters for tho ohoro. She waa a .widow,} between twenty and thirty years of age, of medium height and line form; her cumploxion was light, and her hair of a dark, rich brown. No attempt was mode to rescue her, ana in a moment she was lost in tho soothing waves. The Bhip, already .under headway, acsggorod through tho atorm; the affrighted islanders huddled together on deck, and /.Mr shut overy othor enxoiion for the timo from itieir hoartB. After an adventurous voyage, tho Peor 6s Nada eventually reached ,S*n Pedro, whore the exiles were lauded. Souue of thom wero sunt iu Iioa Angelos, fiftoen miles back from tho coast ; oome wero put to work in, the neighbouring mission ot San Gibriel; two v..u uu weaiiny men of Los Angelos. It was tho intention of Captain Hubbard to return to S«n Nicolas immediately, to see if tho woman or child wore living. But tho schooner had orders to come diroct to Santa Barbara, to take George Nidivor and « |,-arty of otter-huuters to Slum ltoea Island ? afterward, carry from Monterey a cargo ol' timber to Sju Francisco. Tht boat was in urgent demand along tho coast, and chase two trips wor« imperative b-foro a second visit could bo made to San Nicolas. Delay ing their errand of humanity and justice a few weeko, they lost it for ovor ; .for on that very trip tho Peor -!s Nada capsized at fcho entrance to ttie Golden Gate. Tile men wero washed antioro in »;i almost oxhausted condition, aud me rclioimcr- drifted out to sea. It waB reported long afier, though without conliraiation, to have been picked up by a Russian ship. . ' Afmr the loss ot the Monterey schoonor, thore waa no on ft. of any kind .larger thau the oanoes and tishing-uoats ou ttio lowor coast. No one car--d to attempt a passage of seventy miles to Sin Nicolas in an open boar,, and atier a time mo excitement and interest furl.in nnt. Thna« u,h„ ah «,»►. I ? ? solicitous that assistance should bo sent Bettled into tho belief that tho couple had perished during tho days of waiting ; tho remainder of the community, never having believed that tho woman had reached shore through tho storm, were indifforent, suppos ing that tho child had died soon after tho tragic death of tho mother. Their uncertain fate lay hoitvy on iho more tender-hearted of tho mission fattu-ro ; but it was not. until 1800 that. Father Qjn zaleB found an omissary to o-rarch lor the lost, Thomas Jeffries had como into )iosies sion of a «msil schooner, and was oliored A'50 Bbould ho oriug tho woman or child to Santa B.irharu ntlvn. ltMlhiu-n t-nori. passed since the abandonment of the Island, aud, no ono having visited thu spot during that timo, tho prooability of tho doath of the parties was universally accepted, although no actual proof ot death had betn sought or found. But whon Thomas Jeffries' boat waa Bass, at the close of a balmy day of midwinter, coming up the bay without: the signal he waB to have displayed provided his search had been uucoesutul, tho uiatter was settled. Groups of persons congregated on the Bands. Some watohed from shore the small craft fold her wlnga and settle to rest on the mirror-like water, others put off in canoes to meet the boatmon, and gossip concerning the trip. Jeffries had found no traoe of living beings on tho island, and whether tho woman had beon beaten to death in the surf, or died after gaining tlio land, would probably never bo kaown. The schooner was loft Idly rooking closo to shore ; sailors and landsmen strolled aloffly up to the town. Night mantled the moaning waters, aud the great deep waB left in possession of another secret. Tho roturn of Jeffries brought up afresh the inoident, which by somo had boen almost i orgotton. For a few hours little was talked of save tho heroic young mother and her child in tho sea-girt isle. Timo passed swiftly on, and iu the dreamy full contentment of the land the dead womau ol San Nicolas slipped ftorn mind, and thought, und speech. CHAPTER III. Tom Jeffiujjs' visit to San Nioolas waa the theme of more thau one day's gossip. The island ho described as seven or eight miles long, by three or four. In width ; tho body of the land noar six hundred feet above tho beach, the plateau falling ia steep guiohes to the sea. There were quantities of small lark inland, but no othei fowl, save sea-' gulls, policans and shags. Numbers of red foxes were seen in the hills', and droves of outious wild .dogs, tall and ' slender,' with coarse, long hair and human eyes. On aflat, near .the upper end of 1 the island, and half hidden by sand dunes, he found the remains of a curious hut, made'of whales' ribs planted In a circle, aad so adjusted, as to form the .proper ourve of a wigwam-ahaped shelter. This he judged to have been forinqrly eltber the residence of the chief, or a place of worship where sacrifices were offered. He had picked up several ollas, or vessels of stone, and one particularly handsome cup of clouded green serpentine. But of all the wohder'a'of the Island, the features on whioh Jeffries liked best to iiwell were the fine beds of ottsi and' 'seal in the' Vicinity of San I Nlcolr.p. 8,i f,\t-ii1oMq were* bin yarn'; thR1 I the interest of tho orh'r hun'ern was aroused, and early in tlio following year a bont was fitted out, ;,nil Gsnrgo N '(liver [ accompanied hy Thomas Jeffries and n crew of Indians, started on on otter hunt to tho wonderful ottor-bodn seventy milea away. A lauding was eileotcd noar tho southorn en -1 of the island, and, climbinj; the cliffs to seo where the otter lay, they had a magnifi cent viow of tho islands to the north ond oust. On tho south-west the Pacific rolled out its azure breadth, unspecke.l by shore, or raft, or spot of nny kind. The island'on whioh they stood Beemed n quiet, calm, deserted spot, iu tho sunshlno that thon enfolded It. Butterfly hovered over tho wild sago upon tho knolls; soft breeds rocked lazily tho acaut graBS about thoir feet ; thickets of chaparral dotted tho blllB ; cactus held out waxen trays, where, on burnished mats of thorns, reposed frin -od yellow satin flowers ; a trailing BRnd plant, with thick, doughy loavos, wafted from Its pink cluBtcrs . a most dellalous odour— an odour that had fn it tho haunting sweetness of the arbutus and tho freshness o( tho salt Bea wind. The ottor-huntors did not linger long on the cliff, for on ono side they found tho rocka swarming with black seal, thousands of thorn mingling thoir sharp bark with tho heavy roar of aea-llonB. Tho ottor wero thick on tho reefs, and a stranded whale lay' in tho edgo of the crinkling surf. Tho party remained six weeks in camp ori tlio beach. Oars stuck upright in the sand, covered by canvas, composed their shelter ? a spring wao found midway up tlio cliff, so that during their stay no ono had occa sion to go ioLind or wander far from tho ottur-heda, which were ou the oido of the inland where their tenta woro pitched. Tho seal ia caiigbt asleep on tho rocka, lussoed or knocked in tbo h?Hd ; incisions are made in tho flippers, lo.ror jaw, lip cad tail, and aboui four minutes wo required by a good workman to skin an ordinary seal. Tho nines aro salted, ami, after a week or two, bundled and packed. Tho otter, most, timid of the animals of the rob, ia caught in nets spread upon swaying beds of sen-weed, oris shot whilo lying with .head buried in kolp to shutout tho sound of a storm. It is vory sensitive to noise, and so shy that it takes alarm at every unusual night. The loose hldo Is tali en from tho body with one cut, turned wrong sido out, strotched and dried. Beioro tho schooner left the vioinily of San Nicolas, « tsrriblo atorm arose, lasting for eight days, carrying uwav a mast nnd dragging the anchor, so shnt another had to bo iruorovised of n bar. fiit,„i Daring tlio tempest, z sailor /anoied ho saw a human figure on tlio headland of tho Mnnd. Toroogh tho washes of npray it seemed to bs running up and down tuo edge of tho plateau, beckoning and ohoutlng. Tho captain wao called, but the apparition had vanished. On tho eighth day, the schooner wan onablad to run over to San Miguel, and from tbero to Santa Barbara, where the sailor's story of the beckoning ghost of ban Nicolas haunted for a long timo the dreams of the superstitions on shore. A second cruisj of the otter-hunters failed to bring any additional news of tho phan torn of the sea. Everything on land was j u i -w , uuu .. uciu men nisturnea, not [ a track wao found. Iu July, 1S03, tho otto-mon made % third trip to S\n NicoIdb, anchored off the north oast side, and established a camp on shore. Tho party conai-bed of Captain Nidiver, a fisherman nauied Carl Detinan, who witnt among Bailors by tho soubriquet of Charlie Brown, an Irish cook and a crow of Mission Indians. Tho evening aitor their arrival, Nidiver and Urown strolled several miles down the .boaoh, enjojing thoir pipes aud discussing plane for worn. It was ono ot those limpid nights', such as C.ilifornia knows— a night when tho etars Bhino Urge and warm from tho low shy, when tho moon burns with an amber bluze, and frngr«nco is in tlio ;.ir. As the comrades wore uboiu to retrace their steps, Nidiver Btoppcd, looked quickly ubout him, theu chopped, t-nd cluayly examined something ou ttio ground. In tho weird moonlight, plainly outlined on tho lonely shore, was the print of a Blender, naked foot. /'The' woman of San Nicolas 1 My God sho iu living I' ' Ho lifted his voien. and nhnnia.t thAV friend* were como to roaeun b»r. Over come by the oonviotiou that tho lost woman must bavo boe.i near whon he w.-.s iu camp two yeata bafore—that it wag not a croatlon ol fancy, but a living being ihoy had seen in the Btorni— tho captain rau to and fro, calling, looking and swearing by turns. Hours wero spent by tho two men in soarch, but. in v »iu. T'-u next, day, Nidiver found a basket of rushes hanging iu a tree. It contained bono needles, thread mads of ainowa, shell fish hooks, ornaments, and a partially completed robo of birds' plumage, made of small squares neatly matched aod aewed togethsr. Nidiver proposed replacing the things, but Brown soattered them about saying that, if they were pioked up, it would be proof that the ownor bad visited the spot. Inland they discovered several circular, roofleBS inclosurou, mado of woven brnah. Noar those shelters wero poles, with dried meat hanging from elevated oross-pieces. The grass was growing In the pens, and nothing indioated thoir recent habitation. Infissureaof perpendicular rocks noar tho springs wero wedded dried fish and aeala' blubber ; but no sign of the near presence of the hermitetis. After oevetal days the mon abandoned the ohaso. There was no doubt that some oue had been on the island very lately. Either the woman, or tho child grown to womanhood, had lived thore, or, perhaps, both mother ? and child had survived until reoently. But they must have been dead months at loaat. Tho footprint was older than at first supposod. Tho robe had not beon replaced in- the tree. . Tho captive perclmuco died of despair after they left hor beckoning In the storm. After that, tho-fishiug weut on for weeko, and they were about returning home, when Nidiver said ho boliovod a poruoti was hiding on tho island. If she was living he -was bound to find hor. If dead, he would find her body If ho hud to sorapo the' island inch by inch. This provokod a laugh of derision. Of courso the wild dogs had devoured her remains. But Nldiyer waa convinced that tho woman was afraid ; had concealed horseif, possibly on the opposite Bido of the island, where. the shoro waB preoipltous, dlffioult of accoss, containing perhaps gulches and cavos unknown to them. Tho men murmured at the delay, were incredulous as to the.sucoess, .of the raid, rebelled at the long tramps' over a wild oountry. The old oaptaiii waa firm ; auitable prepa rations wero made, and the entire foroo of otter-men started on thoir final hunt for a ghost. Near the head of the iBland they oamo aorosa the bone Iioubo Jeffries had daaoribed. Rushes wero skilfully interlaced ih the rib frame-work, an olla and old bgBkot were near the door. It stood amidst un trampled weeds. After sevoral days' march, a daugeroua climb ovor alippery rooks brought Brown to a spot whore thero word fresh foot prints. He followed them up the oliffs until they were lost in. the tliiok moss that ooverod the ground. Walking further, he found a pieoe ol drift-wood from whioh ho oonoluded the person had been' .to the boaoh .lor fire wood, and dropped the faggot, on her way homo. From a high point on (ho ridge he s.iw th« mon moving r.b'out bolow. Then hia eye caught a smali object a long way off. on tbn hills. It appeared liko « orow at first glance, but it moved about iu a aingulor manuer. Advancing toward it stealthily, he was dnmblonnded to find that it waa the head of a woman, barely visible above tho low wovon-hr,uab Bidoa of hor roofless retreat in the busboa. As Brown drow nonror, n pack of dogj reolining oloso to the woman growled ; bat without looking around the woman uttered a poonliar ory whioh silenood them, and thoy ran away to the hille. Brown lialtod withiu a low yards of her, and, himsolf unseen, watobed ovory movemont within the hut. Insido the inclOBuro was a mound of grHBB, woyon baskots lull of things, and a rude knife made of a pieoe of iron hoop, thruBt into a woodon handle. A firo smonldered near, and a pile of bones lay in tho oalics. The oomplexion of the woman waa muoh fairer than the ordinary Indian, her personal appeara.uoe ploaoing, leatureB regular, her hair, thick and brown, falling about hor shoulders in a tangled mat. From tho time Brown arrived withiu hearinu, Bhe kopt up a oontinual talking to herself. She was leaning forward, ahadino hor ovoa with her hand, watching tho men oroaeing iho flat below her dwelling. After looking at t^em with an anxiety impossible to bo dopioled, she crouched in terror, but immodiatoly started np as if to run. The men on tho flat had not Boen her, and Brown, putting bio lis* on tho ramrod of his gun,-tl(cmatsly lifted nnd lowered it to attract their attention ; thoo by signs hr, intimated that tho lyomin was found, ami thuy should tspveart out c-o r.a to oalcii hor if eho trio! tj escape. Before tho mon reached the kaoll, ? Br.irm stepped around in eit-ht and spoke. S 10 gavj frightened look into liis faoo, ran a fow stops, but, instant-ly controlling hersolf, stood still and addressed him in tin unknown tongue. She aeemed to be botweon forty and fifty yeara of ana, in fine nhvBical condition, ore, it. with well-forraod neck and arms and un wriukled face. Sito was drcsccd in a tunic sbuped garmont mado of birda' plumage, low in tho ueoli, Bleoveless, and raaohi'ng'to tlio ankle, The droBs was similar to the ono fouod in tho tree. As the men oame up, ahe- greotod them each in the way she had met Brown, and with a simple dignity, not withont its effeot o:i both Iudians and white men, made thom welcome aid set about pieparing food for thom from her reunty store. Tho meal consisted of roaatod roots, called by OaiifornUns carcomites : but wnen wao there known a moro t-juohiug hospitality? AmonR tho Indian orow, thoro were several dialects spoken, but none of tha party wore ablo to converse with tlieir hostess, or under u iuuu n woru one ucsarea, und tliey wore forced to try and make her know by signs that she waa expected to go with them. Brown wont through ttio motion of packing hor things iu basketu, shouldering tliem, and walking toward tile ho- ch. Stio compre hended instantly, and made preparations to depart. Her effects wore neatly placed in puck-bankets, ono of which ahe swung oyer her back, and, taking a burning stick from t.ho firo, sho started with a firm tread aft-.-r tho Indians to the shore. Beside tho losd the female Crueo carried, Nidiver aud Brown had their arms full. Upon reaching tho boat, ahe entered without hesitation, going', forward to the bow, kneeling and holding to either side. When the schooner was roaohud, fthfl nlinaM rplthnn^ t.l.. I down near Hie stove in the sabin, aud qu'iotly watchod tho raoQ iu their work on bo:,rd. To replico her feather dreea, which h-j wished to preserve, Brown made her a pettl ?coaio of ticking; and with a'mau'a eooto'u shirt and gay neckerchiof, her eomi-civilisoil dress was cotnpletv. While Brown was sewing she watched him closely, and laughed us hia manner of using' a notdle. She showed him that her way wati to uunctuco tho cloth with ' ,h»i needle, or awl, aud thou put the thread | through tho perforations. She signified that alio wished to try a threaded needle, and Browu' good-naturedly guvo hor sewing materials, but alio oould not thread the noodle. Browu prepared it, and gave her an old olook of Nidivor'a to mend, and while ahe took her first ioasonin sowing, Bhe told her toucher on abipboard, by eigus, poitiona oi hor lifo on the island. Sho had from time to time soon ahips pas?, but none oama to take hor off. Sho watobed as long as slle could soo tiiom, atid, aftor ihuy were out of sight, eho threw heraelf ou the ground and cried, but after a timo Bhe walked over tho island until sho forgot about it aud oould smilo a^ain. Shu had also seen people on the beach several timos. Sho waa afraid and hid until they wero gone, and then wept beoause Bho had not made herself known. 9ho suit) that he had taken' her by Biirprieo und she oould not run, and she was glad beoauBe he would take hor to her people ; her people .had gone away with white men in a ship. Brown understood by her Bigns that at the time of tbo desertion of the ialand ahe had a nursing baby, whioh ehe repre8ented by suoking hor fingor, and plaoing her arm in position of holding an infant- at the-breast ; she waved her hand ovor the Boa, to indioate that tho ship sailed away, oaliing baok ' Manana' (to-morrow) ; then ahe oould not find her ohild, and wept until Bhe was very ill, and lay proatrate for days, in a bod- of plants roBembling cabbage, and oalled by Califor niana 11 Sola ? Santa.' She had nothing to oat but the leaves. Whon aho rovivod Bomo what, she crawled to a apring, aud after a time, aB her strength returned, ahe made firo by rapidly rubbing a pointed sliok along tho groove of a fiat atiok until a apark waa straok. It was a diffioult task, aud she was oareful not to let her fire go out ; Bho took bronda with her on her trips, and covered the home fire with nBhoo to preserve it. She lived during her oaptivity on fish; aeals' blubber, roots and ahell-fish; aud the birds, whoio skins sho secured for clothing, wore sea-hirda, which she oaught at night off their roosta in the seams of tho crags. The bushj inolosures aho made for a scroen from the winds, and as a protection while asleep 'from wild animals, Sho made frequent excur sions over th* island from hor main dwelling, which was a large cave on tha north end of San Nioolas. She kept dried meat at each camping-stationj tho food in the crevioea by tho springs waa for tho timo when, from siokness or old age, she would only be ablo to orawl to the wator and 'live oh what she had there stored out of roach of tho dogs. ? That the woman had faith in a aupremo power waa evincod aoou after the Bohooner aet Bail from the fiahing-groundga. A gale overtook them, aud tho passenger made signs that she would atop tho wind. With her faoo turuod in the direction from which the atorm oamb, Bhe muttorod words of prayer until tho wind had abated, then turned with, a beam ing oountenanoe and motioned that her petition had been anawered. They auohored under the lee. ol Santa. Cruz, where the woman waa highly interested in aeeing an other island than her own. When they approached the Bhorea of Santa Barbara, an ox-team .passed along the baaoh. The' stranger waa oompletely bewiidored. Captain Nidiver's son, who had been ou the look-out lor hia father's Bail, rode 'down to the land lug on a handsome little bronoho. The iBlander, who had jast Btepppd ashore, was wild, with delight. Sbe tonobod the liorae und examined the lad, talking rapidly, and,, | ii the sailors turned away, oaliing to them to I oome baok and look. Then she tried to represent (bo novel si^bt by puttincr two . . fingers of her right hanJ over the thumb of her left, moving thom to imitato tho hocw walkiorr. Captain Nidiver oondnoiod the woman to bis homo, and pat hor in oharga of his Spanish wifo. Tho nown -spreading, Father Gonzales, of Santa Barbnr.i Mission,, oame to soo her ; many persona gathered from the ranoboB round about, and the house was orowdod oonataritly. Tho brig Fremont oame into port Boon after, and tho oaptain offered Nidiver. tbo half of. what bo would make, if he would allow hr.r to be exhibited in San Franoisoo. This off»r was refused, and also anothor from a Captain Trus-dl. Mrs. Nidiver would not hoar of the friendless oroataro boing made a show for the ourious The bereft mother evinced the greatest fo-idness for Mrs. Nidivor's ohildren, oaress ing aud playing with thom by thti hour, and telling the lady, by signs, that whon olio swam baok to tlio shore bnr baby was genu, and eho beliovod tlio dogs had eaten it. Slie wont over, again and again, her grief at its loss; her frnntio search for it, even after it had been gone a long timo ; her dread of being alone ; her hopo, for yoars, of resone, and at last tho dospair that in timo beoame resignation. The visitors sometimes gave her presents, which sho put aside until tho donors had departed, seeming to know by intuition th.it they would be offended if she refused to accept thom ; but as soon as the guests wore gono she called the littlo children, and distributed her gifts atgoug thom, laughint? if they were'pleased, aud happy in tlieir joy. A fow days after her arrival, Father Antonio Jimeno sent for Indiana^ from tho missions of San Fernando and Santa Yuez, in hopo of finding some one who could con- ' verso with the islander. At that time there were Indians living in L03 Angelos county, belonging to the Pepimiros, who, it was said, had in former ycar3 communica tion with the San Nicolas Indians. But neither these, nor those from San Buena Ventura, or Santa Barbara, could under stand her, or make themselves understood. In less than two decades after the little band had left San Nioolas, thoir where abouts could not be discovered. They wero-tt mere drop in the stream of serfs known by the general name of Mission Indiaus. Beyond a few words, nothing was ever known of her tongue. A. hide she called to-eo (fo-kay) ; a man, nacha (nah- chey) ; the sky, fe-gua (tay-gwah) ; the body, pinche (pia-oo-ehoy). She learned . a fow Spanish words : x-an (bread), papas (potatoes), caballo (horse). Sometimes sho called Captain Nidiver, in Spanish, faia (father), sometimes muii® (mother.) ? The ;gentlehes?, modesty and taotof.the. untutored wild woman of the Paoifio were bo foreign to idoaa of the savage nature, that somo parties bolieyed that she waa not an Indian, but a person of diBtinotion oast away by ebipwreok, and adopted by the islanders before their removal from their home- Others were oortain, from her evidont1 refinement, that aho h|id not been long alone, but had drifted to San Nioolas after the Indian woman poriahod in tho surf, aud had by miatako been taken for the original savage. The old sailors who rescued lior affirm that she was an Indian, the Bame who jumped from the Bohooner to save hor ohild. The representative of a lost tribo, the stands out from the Indians of the ooaat, the possessor of noble and distinctive traits ; provident, cleanly, tasteful, amiable, imitative, conside rate, and with a maternal devotion whioh . oivilizitiou has nover surpassed. She waa greatly disappointed whon none of hor kindred were found. Sho drooped under civilization; ahe missed the out- door life of hor ialand camp. Aftor a few weeks she bsoamo too weak to walk; ahe was oarried ou to the poroh every day in a chair. Sho dozad iu the Bunshine, while the ohildren played around her. She was patient and cheerful, looking eagerly into evory new face for recognition, and sometimes sing ing softly to hersolf. Mrs.. Nidiver' hoped. u, ruuuru tu nor oiu cuee wouia neip ner. She procured seal's meat, and roasted it in ashes. When the sick woman saw it, she patted her nurse's hands affectionately, but could not eat the food. She fell from her chair one morning, and remained insensible for hours. ? Seeing the approaoh of death, Mrs. Nidiver sent for a priest to baptise her $roMg&. At first he refused, not knowing but that she had been baptised previously, although the burden of proof was against it. At length, heeding the kind Catholio lady's distress, he consented to administer tbo rite, conditionaUy. As Bhe was breathing hor last, tho sign of the cross was pressed on her cold brow, and the unknown and nameless creature was christened by Father 'Sanchez, in tho beautiful Spanish, 'Juana Mario.' In a walled cemetery, from whose portals gleam . ghastly skull and cross-bones, close ^to tho Santa, Barbara Mission, under the Bhelter of the tower, is the neglected grave of a devoted mother,, the heroine of Sau Nicolas. The abandonment of San Nioolas occurred forty-aix years ago. The survivor of eighteen yeara' solitary captivity, arrived in Santa Barbara the 8th of Septembor, 1853. Cap tain Nidiver's house, where the atrnnger diod, stands iu eight of tho ooonn, and oan bo pointed out by any Bohool-boy in the town. Nidiver and hia wife are living, aud their eon Goorgo follows the aea, aa his father did bo foro him. Carl Detman, or Charlie Brown, aa he. is called by old aailorB, may bo found any day whero the . retired boatmon con gregate. Thomaa JeiJrioa walka tho streets in blouse, wido hat, and flowing groy hair, , Dr. Blinkerhoff, who attended the woman of San NiooloB, is a woll-known physician of the oity. Father Gonzales died a few years ago, after a continuous rosidenoe of more than a quarter of a oentury in tho mission. For a long time he was partially, paralysed, and wab oarried about iu a chair. I re member him aa a little, dark man, with oyeB that blazed unnaturally from sunken sooketB, his appearance rendered more startling by a white turban bound around his head. He ia buried under the floor of, tho old ohapel. The rambling mansion on State-street, known as the Park Hotel, may have shel tered tonristB who read this aooouut. It was the first briok house built in Santa Barbara, and was the private . residonoo of Isaaa Sparks, the losBee of the Bail-boat from whioh, in 1835, .the woman jumped over board. ' Burton'a. Mound,' a pioturesqnp knoll, threaded by rows of olive trees, belongs to Lewis Ii. Burton, another lessee of the Peor is Nada. A laiiy in San Franoisoo had - some- of- the isiandot's noodlea. Nidiver and Brown retain hor ourious water- tight ' baskets. The mission - fathers Bent her feather robos to Boine. They were made oi the satiny plumage of the green cormorant, the feathorB painting downward, and bo skilfully matohed as to-' ' seem ono oontinnous eheen - oi ohaugeful luster. The record of baptism is in tho ohuroh register. Her grave will be pointed out to. anyone by 'the Franoisoan brothers ou tha ?hill. — Scribner's Magazine. ' How are you ooming on with sea bathing ?' asked a gentleman of nn invalid. 'Splondid! I b&tlio; three timaa a' day.' '.How do. you like it.?:; ' Tho dootor.oayo I must take, a toddy after soph bath to reatoro ' I the circulation ; thit'* how I like it.' .. . -. v 