BHUIZLTOQ-OW, T»=Sto««t.;Amalenr;I)raniaHo ; isi>(-rt. Son, of Pbiladelpbig, was playing «Ten,?' i'jeaerved." J.- Z^ttleaSal y U g S nam^athlnk, White, mowatbs p^,^ Purre Imd baffler. In the last ECe" wh»» both ine^onifiratois cI6, L,ttle hea »o give mp th* ghost first, which be did in Lthe great iatufaciioa pf the gronnaiine^ daggering *U over the place, and convolsive gasps, etc., taking care, however to gifB-hig-latt Idckln the eim S of the »t»ge; : ;:The . other tragedian then xommenoed^. Jiig .go-as-yonrplease M around preparatory to shuffliog cg u eeems that he also bad maae cfilcnlahont io die ontbig deanable spot, and, fin4i«ir iimaalf iaulked in thu, be determined (S lallaa sear the centre as possible- tha circle oiSr^e's stapgering heoams smsijet Inttle heoame visibly «neasj. H<\- bote ft Manfully, however, until "White becan to toltei »a/il ready tp drop. ,Then hie-conttM Iblt bim, anaj easting aside eveiy regard for appejraneagj he,.electrified the anSience bv Mttwg. p.gnddanly and crawling aearafe tte «in^^:wlien-die agam -Uid Vaudf^ . | I The other incidentoccnned at H'Viokci's Theatre, Chicago, ™ those good old when ttoak -eompanies fiouHsihei, snd thi bill waB -changed-weekly. This nececsitatM a -great deal of studying ana hactifrgoltea np eoilnmsB. I^on't remember much about Ae'^lot of•She play r except that a \oang mj] ib love-Witb the hero,- diBgui6ed hercell as j ®age,. in order ..to follow him in s battle ;artiere: «he™,mi:«lau];' • f On '-the fint vbil Maniger -M'Yicker, • who was and jE ^^ ly, particular : about matters of Sieea, fl!tcor®ed that tha -youttg woman who took p6,i of the page had slippers on. "Doz'fm inow anybfitter- thanto wear slippe'soti» field stbattle?!* he demanded. Sbe timidiv ifepHed that " ghe had haS neither time nor-money to g6t. boots on such short notice." "Well, said M<Vkfet, mast borrow a pair, or do something, f0t j certainly, shall not Allow you to go oaia those-slippers", The pcor girl WEB ia despair. --until the good-natured leading man, aeeing her distreBB, tendend her tS Iban .of a-pairiof top-bcots, an offer which ihe gladly accepted, m hen of nothing better; -They were rather large, to be snr£ but sbe managed to navigate in them pretty well,-and things went on smoothly nata the scene oilier death. While she is lying deids-on.the battle-field the hero and his servant meander in, and, diEcovetiag who she ie, the former delivers a toaehing eulogy over her remains, and then order his servant to take her off, wh'Ie he in. dulges in an. effective soliloquy a h tie melancholy Dane. ,:! Ag tbeman dragged her ofi by the arm-pitj the ,poor 4>age found that m epite of her frantic, efforts^, to. keep them on, ehe VIE slowly and surely being pulled out of hei boots.. The man kept on pulling, t:,wtver until he had her in the wings, cni tbe big boot^. were .left on the stage with thoaitsonsolate hero. Imagine his le'liogsl eepeoially when a email voice ircim tbe gallery-piped out, " She left them for renembtftnoeB." ? - ; "While I have been writing tuiB "ower true tale," an amusing story, related to me by aa old retired actor, occurs to me. Thocgh it didn't take place in a death scene exactly, stui it was -very funny. A young utility man was cast , for the part of a Boman soldier, who luaheB in to announce that" all is lost, the. siladei has been taken," etc., eto. Thinking his youth ana smooth f*c& did not lock soldierly enough, he determined to wear a heavy moustache and wig. Accordingly when the night came Johnny stood L. U. E., ready_to aprmg on at hiB cue, in hravs array, A fierce blaok moustache shading his upper lip, hi« wig surmounted by one of tboee fluted tin helmets, and in hie gallant right hand he held a gpear.~ At last LMB one was given, and he rnshed on. He came on with, such a bounce, however, tbat his and helmet sbpped back, exposing his light short hair underneath. He hastily clapped hie band to bis bead, and beld on his cakepan helmet, wiule ie began his acncaiici!- ment. Horror! One side of hiB IHOUB- • taehe,-which: .fastened with sprmgs ui the nostrils; .-had a become loosened, and fell across,,: his; mootih, he pushed it up and : again essayed^-to ,apeak, and again it fell 'acioBshiamonth.- In the desperation of despair,he-frantically pulled the thing rfiand threw it sn tho wings.-and,-,after giving hiB lines, -made his - ignominious exit, still clutching his ieimefc, m an agony of mortification.—iTem leri;, ;jSi/ni Crinkle's Paper. 