ADELAIDE CORRESPONDENCE. (From our City Correspondent,) Jan. fi. Pwliament wm opened ycMerday. The pro ceeding* were of nn exceptionally interesting cliaiactci, mul the midivy with which hon, j members naked qneation* on a hundred and one local que»tion« made one wonder how we can j life even a few inonlha without a Parliament, j Tito icnior member for Albert ditlinguiihed himaolf l<y {jiving notioe not of one quoation bat of a whole catalogue of them : and he had the temerity to fly right in the face of (be Govern merit whoie deaife, m expressed ia the Oovernor1! Bprech, ii that the session shall clow Ihla week in lime to lot our delegates go to Vba adjourned ccufcrcncc to be held in Sydney next week. But Mr Hnrdy c.irc/i not for confcrepwa nor Governments. Ho haa an idea that the Tntiara railway ihould bo cxtemM to Border Town direct, and ho gavo twMw, amid tome laughter, that he wmViT Ui.dny move HmL tho extension be parried out Morn Messrs. Millar Bros. have rMi.mfil tUi'ii iiloiiv (rum tin', ilimint. Mr, Fowler's sjtecca in moving the address in '..ply w;i< A ^>y ulilo tmil oxlmuative oue. (t waa'too full nf figures to bo very interesting to liiten to-iinluod ilie figure! |md I.W4 in the harida of Gladstone, Buv tho facts were mar shalled so well thai tho speech will carry dismay into the ranks of the protectionist-tobacconists, who would protect themselves to the tune of £20,000 a year-al tho expense of the State and all for the sake of iome day befog able to grow tobacco here. Mr. Peacook, the leconder of the addrew, bit the right nail on the head when he said that if the tobacco indmtry could not be establhhed hero with a oue hundred per cent, duty it wai too much of an exoiio to be pampered and coddled any longer. Mr, Fowler (bowed the reduciio ad ateuruum by pointing oat that it woald pay the Qovernment to close Iho factories and keep the emplovdi in idleneM rather than gire up the increased daties on to bacco, which would do away with one of the grentoit bloti on our fiical lyttem. The debate is to be continued to-day, bat the Government are sure of a victory, though I did hear it vm originally intended by the Opposition to more an amendment on the addwea espreuing regret at the unconstitutional conduct of the Treasurer in leaving duticu when Parliament was not cittibfl. MrT Richard Dalrymple Ross is the new .Speaker, as everybody except Mr. Townsend expected he would he. It U said that the Chair> man of Committees thought he had a chance of election to the Speakership, bat this opinion does not appear to ime been shared by any one else, unless it be by Mr. Chas, Simeon Hare, the erratic member for Wallaroo-one ol Mr, Ross's colleagues-who proposed Mr. Townsend's narno at the caucus of membeis held to decide the question a few days before Parliament met, and intimated in Parliament he would have done the same there had Mr Townsend been present. No one is supposed to know what took place at the caucus; but '"tis given out" (as Hamlet's ghost said) that the Hon, Lavington Qlyde was proposed, but that he at once declined to stand. Thereupon Mr, Hare proposed Mr. Townsend a proposition that was received in silence, and which met with no seconder, TracticaUy, there fore, it may be said that Mr, Ross was unani mously elected .Speaker in succession to Sir George Kingston, who has, with the exception of a short interval, filled the Speakership ever siitee we had responsible Government. He has been Speaker over 20 years ; and it is a great honor for .Mr, Hoss to be choscn unanimously to succeed such a man. There are various explan ations attempted as to the absence of Mr. Town send, the Clmirman of Committees, who is in Melbourne. The most feasible ia that he stayed away in order that he may hereafter bo able to say he was awoy from Adelaide when liii claim to the .Speakership was ignored. lie never, however, had a ghost of a chance. Mr. Glyde was undoubtedly the second favorite, The New Year holidays passed off pleasantly, if one may judge from the newspaper reports and the variety of sportij amusements, and out* side entertainments provided for the citizens of this fair city. The weather was delightfully fine, and cool (or tbu tin* of ft* year, Tfao Government being uncertain whether to eels* brato the New Year on Saturday or Monday cut the Gordian knot by declaring both day* Iioli* dnya. The banks, the warehouiemon, and the general ira lert followed *uir, the evening papers were not published on Monday, and taken on the whole there waa quite ait Auitraliau heartjnew in the way in which the holidays were kept. New Year s Day wa« a comparatively quiet holi day, a* tome of tbo shopkeeper* in Rundle and ntiidley>atreet« could not conveniently olote 'or three daya-Mpecinlly one beginning on Saturday. Out on Monday very little cits beiidei pleaiuro received attention. The cardinal attraction wa» the I'ort Adelaido regatta, which has now developed into a serai'Ofliciai celebration, the Mayor and Corporation taking an active interest in it, Then there was a military/<!*« at Gawlw, said to have been attended by 5,000 persons, and on the Adelaide Oval there vaa * wicket match which derived in chiei interest from and will be memorable for-the gnuid More made bv Geo. Giffen, of the Norwood Club, who oMaineil 117 run for the 8, A, Cricket Aiaoeia* tion Against eighteen second eleven men. Tbe latKr hud a day's leather hunting, the Elem scoring 886 ram, of whieh Noel made 70. Eleven of the Eighteen went out for 50, Glflen taking Are wickets for 38, thus proving th*t he is skilful with both bat and ball, The railway returns of Moaday's traffic show that 2d,000 persons travelled ok the Port and Semaphore line, 2,000 on the North line, 7,000 on the Gienelg line, and 4,000 on the rival line to the Bay. The country folks, too, mm to hare had lively times of it. At Wallaroo there was a regatta said to have been attended by 6,000 people, la town there wen such » variety of amusements as lias rareJy been pro vided at one time in Adelaide. In net I doa't recollect ever teeing to many good entertain* menu "running" simultaneously- including a gintomime at (he Theatre, the real Profeawr epper and a small 4x»naon Polytechnic at Garner'* Theatre, a big circus in Grote-street, a miscellaneous entertainment at ih» Academy of Muaio, and at WiveH'a All Gallery an .' Ariel '* boy, who mounts on invisible wings (or ctyer nnacen contrivance*) and floats in the ate* *> steadily as a swallow or any other bird qf p« sage. Hone-racing was carded onvwith greftl vigour at lonr places-the old coursoott the East Park Lands. Edithburgh, Noartonsa, and Truro, At the New Year'a meetingof tfia Afc Iflide Racing Club the totaiiiator-"tho infernal machine " which has elsewhere prated the bet* ndir of the bookmakers, was triad for tha first time. It answered well, and no less a sum than £2,484 passed through it during the day, and minus ft par oent, for expenses was awarded among those who bad pat their money oa the lack? horses. A"thrill of horror p&u;«d through Adelaide on Saturday erening, when it became known that daring lot hot weather on Thursday seten per .one had been burned to death in one house near Freuklin Harbor. The victims were a faraar's wife, her fire daughters, and a eon, all of whom were scorched to death without more than a 1?" seconds' warning, and without an y attempt being made to reeeue them. The terrible accident was in connection with a bush fire-those fires which are so common in all parts of the colony, but which rarely cease destruction of life. In this ease the citisens of Adelaide saw the smoke coming from the fire on Thursday, during the terribly hot weather-whin the thermometer re filtered 106* in the shade and 167* in the ran* They saw that the tun looked bloodied : bufc they sever dreamt that »uch awful deTMUtioa wm taking plwo in the quiet country oa th* eastern title of S^nosr'a Uuif, The buih flt'j : had been burning lor hours without C&D;*W serious alarm, buttle wind ta-ms to havo',mfc4 round suddenly nud to lium came;! th& fkroesia i the direction of ft fann-houio uv,r<t<\ by a Mr. MacGarthy and hia family. Tiia father and tout were harvesting iu a imJduck uiiiila (row home, They had a uanow tlit: wheat-about 1,500 or *2,000 biihiiKk, !,uh ,.i Vfhich they had gathered-being biu«<-t il.sr with ono horse and all their farm iiut the most awful work of ii;.uu;..Ui/u w.u iu the home, towards v,lii:k u,» gain?,a are Mid to hft?o rtjalit-4 iojudly oiiwiud, fed typ the trees which hnuv.n,.!< a thy houuo. At timea there v><><i h u..!l ui ssr>> iwiy feot in I height. Th« iii.ii-t liiv.: Ha awiiiliy I grand one, but m»uii <4 th.-.-r-j :?»«i s,.ht is. from : the houiustod f.iii it., i-.-.si iir, t.-Si. 'Xhdr I bodit-a, cluwic.i buyj-c-.} w^ra discovered tht; Uv/i .:i«;iu..ido iiiti house, w>4 tim u.y'n »u»tl bi«. irn.Uif./H «*;.». tha 1 water>tank <>»? fi,»tui.hiy tiu-ru v.0.1 witnfo.icd ii ii-.rcJy b«-:ifl-r«-ildiilg. than Uib iiiu ii.oii. 'ihih «,<?. tin. iimri.tl jno : cession. 'i!.« iV.Uic«- t-Vii.-.-iiid the i blackcned n of hu «ifa ai.d children,. brought Uifitii rfi ii' j tiiii tiiili, hml lui'ik ihcDA into Kiijjiiiiihi fur Liiii.il. *i!>o h.itt (ekgrtuj'j nllOfillflftj W'G f<itfc tii.it ",ill ti,G i-Ulcia |&y; miles loiUhi ri.iiiikliu !'.>..» h.i? Mr, McCarthy to tlini i-i U /ani." it Ua aildod "ond a w>ii.rwc.l viti« liis.j," (or tio calamity in rcceitt -A i,.vvU a deep mid uiiivtiir.il IcfcliiiJ! <>f irutiow hi Adelaide, The imwD diti not ii -^h Ail- i-Vitii: till New Year'fl U.ty on *CL-oi.iU ot tiiu <ii,iUiit is Mr, Mc Carthy's farus is from a &tath;>n -about 100 inilts, I bfcliuvc, in iibtyly ?Ei.-UW-d and partly nnclcarod buah country, The firo BMrnBtohftW been ona of the old-faBhior.td kind of bmh'fireft where the flamea rusbed along faBter than borw or man could travel, and so High and co fierce that tlicae who mw the mighty, wall ol fonts coming u&w; even hoped to e«ouno, It remind« one of tbo fomoui Black Thurway many yean &go;, when for a' hundred mile* the country in v Victoria wa* burnt up, end when an anknowtt number of human beingi, and of cattle and hoi> »ei, loit their Uvet, ana no end of property *u destroyed. Happily mob flrei are no* rare u, they art terrible, ( 