ECHOES AND RE-ECHOES. PARLIAMENTARY CHRONICLES. Ye Nine accord your votary help again And fire Impart to hie poetic attain I Speed vegasus. and with untiring wings Bear on the Bard aa now again he ainga I Flret let the rhyming chronicle relate What Scott deelrea in teaching of the State. forgetting, p'raps. in earnestness of heart, That he aasalled a Statute's vital part. Ue asked for ceitaln specified returns To gratify the zeal that in him burns. Be thinks it la a blot upon the rulei That Scripture is not read in Model Schools. Bead without comment, if the teachers will Snch teaching in their pnplls to Instil. He'd have the Bible, so he said of late, Bnt lost his motion after warm debate. 'Tis pity, sure, such questions now to raise. Discussed long since, and fixed in former days. Onr Education Act long since deoreed Of otate religion we have got no need; State education shall have nought to do With creed or text, and Scripture-teaching too from State schools exiled, lets those who've th* heart At home religious principles impart; But Henry Scott, in bis religious zeal, The truth of this scaroe seems to really feel, He-opes a question which'twas understood Some time ago discussed, was closed for good, Upon our education system makes a raid,' And raises ghosts long deemed for ever laid. Be lost his motion though, and so intact Bemains our present Education Act. View next L. Glvde, with spectacles on nose, As he financial matters doth disclose; In office Treasurer, Pessimist in views, Strange mouthpieoehe to give us welcome news. But so he does—our credit s surely grown. When we so profitably fioat a loan. As Treasurer Glyde Informs us, without thanks Due bom us for help given by the Banks. Nairne Hallway next the Bard's attention claims— Motions of Bright and suchlike brilliant names : This member thinks the railway's not required, And tenders for completion nndesired. We borrowed moner though to build the line; If we don't do so p'raps there'll be a shine. And those who for that purpose money lent Mey ask why in that manner it's not spent. If railway loans are spent on other work Onr contract with onr creditor we shirk ; Not acting to agreement sore we most Expect to be regarded with distrust. And when we next some ready cash desire Maybe we wont get that which we require. Besides Just now to leave in status quo The Nairne line sorely'd be a pretty go, 'Tis not complete, though tending to success; To leave it so would surely be a mess, So, though perhaps his feelings may be crossed, The muse is glad Bright's motion has been lost. Still talking railway hear what members say Re rival lines—Glenelg and Holdfast Bay; As competition seemed like suicide They thought they'd change it and become allied. Tarlton thinks Gov'ment missed a chance oi late, 'Ere letting these two lines amalgamate, To buy the liue at arbitration price. They should have clinched the bargain like s vice, And bought, of line, amidst the country's smites. Four, 'stead of somewhere about sixteen miles. Here Bameay states the Government have thought T here is a chance the line may yet be bought. Which they explained to Parliament when Bray Revealed his schemes upon a later day. The last thing mentioned in the House of late Mount Gambler Waterworks adjourned debate. 'Twai carried through Committee " Hansard's" page Asserts, and thereby passed its second stage. S o much for Bills! the muse says prosy things They are, and scarce with usual fervour slogs, So lays aside her lyre with weary sign, T ill great things chance to happen by and by. It teems bb if the Abeona's advent upon the Torrens waters created as much consternation amongst the good citizens of Adelaide as the appearance of the first steamer npon an American river did in the minds of the Bimple negroes and hardly leas simple backwood folk. Gentle ripplee, only calonlated to tiokle the ohin of an enquiring fish when he rises to see what's adrift, are magnified into immense billons big enough to snamp a mad pontoon or capsize a lifeboat. Chinamen have very dim ideas about religions onteice the worship of Fe. la the Courts the formula is to ask a Chinese witness what his religion is. The usual answer is, "Hi yah! me welly muohee Ollstian, you savee;" but a day or two ago a volub.'e Celestial, when asked this theological poser, said," file no alle aamee Olistisn, me blowee outee matches," inallasion to the custom of swearing a Heathen Chinee on a Inciter match, which he blows out with i mental adjuration that his sonl may |be blown ont like that match if he fabricates. The following appeared among the telegrams from Melbourne In Tuesday's Register" Peter Virtue, the street preacher, who was arrested on Sunday afternoon on a charge of insulting behaviour, was before the City Court to- day, and was discharged on promising to abstain from preaching in pnbllo places." "What's in a name?" Not much may be; bnt at the first glance " Virtue" looks like a good name for a preacher. It somewhat dolls the appreciation of the fitness of things, though, to learn that Peter was arraigned before the city tribunal on a charge of insulting behaviour; Can those who Peter cruelly arraigned Wish vice would leave around lu ugly tracer ! His liberty though he's once more regained In spite of those who'd set their wicked faces Gainst Virtw't teachings in all public plaoes. Some people have an original idea of what constitutes cruelty to animals. For icetanoe, there are doctors who deem it nothing to exercise their scientific Ingenuity iu applying torture to dogs; rabbits, guinea pigs, and snob dnmb creatures for the alleged purpose of settling some disputed question of medical science, which when settled is of little servioe to humanity. In much the same way owners of racehorses have the willing animals ridden to the verge of heart-breaking in order that a question of breed and apeed may te set at rest for a while. These playful relapses into barbarism are not notioed by the law, but let a man chastise a jibbing horse or over-exereise his authority in that direction, and lo! sympathizing justice lays a heavy hand upon him. A setio-eomls case of cruelty came before the Polioe Court recently. A man was charged with cruelty to a horse, and it was stated that the animal had sores, looked starved, and was in oonieqaenoe too weak to work. The defendant, according to custom in Buoh oases, called a host of witnesses, who "swore they didn't see anything," as they could safely do. ; But there was a naivete about the defendant's questioning one of the witnesses which was rich. He asked him if he did not go with him to protect him from the dogs, as he was patting the horse in the stable. The proseeution sar castically suggested that the miserable condition of the hone led the dogs to believe that he was meat for them, hence the precaution. Defen dant said the horse had plenty of oats hut would not eat them, and one of hia own witnesses inti mated that he was so hard worked he could not eat. This was like the man saying his famished hone had lots of feed at home, only he had not time to eat it. Another exenaeof thedefendant was tbst the horse had worms. The crael rejoinder was," Ah! I see the worms anticipate." A correspondent writes thai: —In the fol lowing n joke? If not, cen it here esosped the -eyes of London Punch:— "Bout Watib. — This Netarel Mineral Water possesses a very pleasant taste, and. is' the best preventive and onre for indigestion, acidity, and heartburn. Taken at meals, it will prevent any acidity. It is reoora in ended by the Lancet, and the leading pbyaicisns. Bilin Water is a most delioious drink either by itself or mixed with wines or spirits. Tbt it with Whiskt! Copy of an order—' Please send again 100 bottles at once. — Bismarck.' (Prince Bismarck took the Bilin Water first at the advice of his physioians, and it has since become a table water in his house.)" The above is cat from the back of the Society, a paper published in London. The advertisers most have been exercising their ingenuity in the perpetration of a huge joke. If not, they were shaving it very finely. Go this " Bilin," or " boilin'" water (for so I may at once write of it) is good for indigestion, is it ? Quite so. I ean quite imagine anyone taking " bilin*" water being able to digest anything, from skim milk to a keg of nails. He might even habitually swallow his meat raw, and have his viotnals cooked in the reoesses of his internal anatomy. What a lot of trouble in the way of preparationmight here be saved.u Takenatmeals it will prevent any aridity!" Exaotly! How nice, too, in cold, frosty weather, with the mer cury trying to sink through the bottom of the thermometer. " Bilin' water is a most delirious drink either by itself or mixed with wines or spirits." Oh I yes, especially by itself. Two or three glasses of "bilin* water" straight from the kettle must be simply delicious as a summer drink, and one calculated to make a lasting im pression upon the drinker. Bnoh a neotareous deooction once taken would surely never be for gotten. Then next we come to "try it with whisky," in big letters. Why the Company wish to direct attention with sach emphasis to the utility of their "bilin"1 water as an adjunot to whisky, lemon, sugar, &o.;, one docs*nt quite understand; anybody would have thought of that. It is something new to tell us that" bilin " water is good for indiges tion, aridity, and heartburn, when taken by itself; bnt everyone knows it goes well with whisky. Prince Bismarck took the "bilin water" at the advioe of his physicians, did he ? that was very docile and accommodating of him. It wonld take what Americans call '* a powerful sight" of physicians to make most ordinary people take such a feverish driuk as " biliu " water generally is. Maybe, Mr. Bismarck is copper plated inside. If he is, and is able to take " bilin" water like this, be ought to be sent to find the North Pole. Let him take a spirit lamp and nsmall boiler,or " biler," along with him,aud he will Blways be able to keep himself warm with the " bilin" water. The ran material would be plentiful enough in the polar regions. All success to the " Bilin Natural Mineral Water Company!" Their'a is a great future, and if they cau only get people to take " bilin" water regularly, they will revolutionize the world of cookery. 