The Advertiser TUESDAY, APRIL 26, 1881. The tastes of South Australians are de- <*> cidedly aquatic, and this fact has of late appeared more prominently than usual. Time and tide wait for no man, and the very brief period of Mr. Laycocfs stay in Adelaide prevented the citizens from ac cording to him an ovation as a champion who, though defeated La the contest for the position of best rower in the world, never theless made a gallant struggle to uphold the honor of Australia in the old country against the great oarsman of Canada. Our yacht races sre always popular, and the closing one of the season will take place in a few days. Swimming matches, too, are coming more and more into favor, both at Glenelg acd at the Adelaide baths, so well managed by Professor Bastard. Bat apart from mere amusements, it is noticeable that our politics, whether national or merely local or municipal, have a decidedly aqueous character. The proceedings of the Road Board are usually very dry, but last week a deputation waited on the board to ask for a deviation of the Great Eastern-road from the AJdgate Tump to Gum Flat. The gentlemen who preferred this request knew the locality well, and doubtless they trod and retrod the proposed route, begin ning and ending their examinations at the Pump. The want of rain, or the recent showers, naturally form topics of ever, lasting conversation, and a considerable portion of our country correspondence relates to wells, tanks, and dams- The great water question has been largely mixed up with the policy of candi dates for election to the Upper House, and comprehensive plans for the discovery of water bj sinking, or storing the precious element on the surface, form part of more than one eminent politician's programme. The one great want of this colony is mon moisture,andany comprehensive scheme for making die supply more certain and regular will be of incalculable benefit to the com. munity, especially In the northern and i western districts, and will largely help to develop the resources of the country. The Upper House elections have been ; largely influenced by that portion of society that extols water as the best of all beverages, or the only one that ia at once cafe and wholesome. In fact* lie ax. successful candidates were en the teetotal ticket, and may not map propriately be described as political water babies. We believe that with the excep tion of Mr. Pickering their admiration for aqua pura as a beverage ia merely theo retical, and probably there is hardly one of them who greatly daring drinks that liquid unqualified or unadulterated; but still the assertion of a principle is some thing, and if you can force its observance upon the worki?g man or somebody else, that must be a great gain to society. People will watch with much interest the course of legislation on this subject during the text three years; but the probability is that the two Houses will coun teract each other, aud that no progress will be made either in the direction of fur. ther restrictions on the liquor traffic or ia remeving or relaxing those which esist. In the City Corporation the time of councillors is to a great extent taken up with aqueous matters. The City Baths have absorbed a large amount of civic at tention, and the question of whether the old ones shall be enlarged, renewed, and improved, or a new site chosen sot far from the present establishment is still unsettled. The proposition to estab lish other baths in various portions of Adelaide has led to nothing, as it would not be legal to place them in the squares, and the City Council naturally hesitates to incur the ex pense of purchasing land for the pur pose. This improvement, in connection with the establishment of public wash houses, is therefore deferred for the present, but the necessity for affording such facilities for personal ablution, natatory exercise, and the operations of the laundry on a large scale to the citizens who live far away from the present city baths will each year become more apparent. At the same time it is most desirable that there should be central baths of ample dimensions, that will be a credit to Adelaide, and where swimming can be taught properly. The mayor"* fccheice is rather ambitious, and goes some what beyond the true objects of public laths. It is open to question whether it U desirable for the Government to enter into competition with the billiard-room pro prietors of the city, for there is really no essential connection between black pool and bathing, and many parents might object to their young sons cot teing able to attend the public baths without being exposed to the seductions of the cue. We are inclined alsa to agree with Mr. Madge that no good purpose would be served by granting to the manager or lessee of the baths a licence to sell alco holic liquors. These are very well in their place, but when a person goes to bathe he docs not to drink beer, wine, or any more potent liquor. He can easily obtain refresh ment of that kind before going to the baths or after leaving them, at no great distance, and be can surely exist without such stimulants for half an hour or an hour* The late troubles about the Torreng dam are now, it may be supposed, surmounted, and. that work is going on rapidly and satisfactorily. In two months it is expected the structure will be completed, and the first flood or freshet will give us a stretch of water a mile and a half in lecgth for boating. Apart from the enjoyment to be derived from rowing or sailing on the Torrens, the improvement to the appearance of the city will be iinmensa. The great defect of South A.ustra. lian scenery is the want of water, and this is paiticularly felt in Adelaide. It will be well worth all the expenditure in curred in this work to exchange the un sightly bed of the river, with its 6mall impure current sluggishly flowing, for a wide deep stream, alive with, pleasure-seekers boating it up and down in craft of various sizes and fashions. Care will of course be taken to improve the banks and plant them who. rapidly-crowing trees and shrubs. The river can hardly be made more beautiful than it was in the early days, when besides the loidly gumtxee, the native myrtle and lilac and underwood of various kinds grew thickly along the course of the etretm, and there was alio a dense vegetation of native ruilias, grasses ard other herbage. It is to be hoped that when the river is tbe constant refort of respectable persons, the abomina.' tions by which the willows have been un happily diEtinguUhed. will be suppressed, and that neets of loathsome outcasts and reprobates will not be allowed to congregate and abide in the most lovely spot 9 within the limits of the city. Adelaide is improving in appearance year by year, and this dam will supply what was wanted to make the most of the natural advantages the position of the city offers, to satisfy lovers of innocent and healthful recreation, and enhance to the utmost tie scenic attractiveness of the metropolis. The British nation is writhing at present under a bitter sense of humiliating defeats. Disguise or attempt to explain it away as we may, it is still true that the old military prestige has been rudely shaken at Isandula, Mainwaund, and is the Trans vaal, and that reverses which, if they had happened to other nations, we would have called catastrophes, have recently dimmed j the historic lustre of the English arms. It j is even whispered that the individual disci pline and valor of some soldiers and certain ; regiments hare been weighed in the balance j and found wanting, but whether the ugly ' rumors which are afloat be confirmed or { not it is certain that the physio ue { and endurance of the army hive I not been such as to enable the I forces successfully to undertake the series ! of forced marches and fights against heavy odds which campaigring in Afghanistan and South Africa have entailed. The country and the army alike ckmor for re. forms which will inspire a reasonable amount of assurance that England can etil] hold her own even againet the bloated armaments of European military powers, and at least that she will no longer be sub jected to the ignominious checks and re verses she has recently endured in these little wars of which it seems impossible to 6teer clear. Thus things are very favorable for the proposals which Mr Childers has recently put before the House, and which, considering the magni tude and complexity of the interests involved, have been received with a grati fying amount of agreement and approbation The fault wjiich military critics have all along found with Mr. Card well's scheme of 1870 was that the ahort- service system then inaugurated has thinned (he rinks of seasoned soldiers, and has failed to provide an adequate reserve in their place. It has often been pointed out that owing to exceptional circumstances the scheme has never jet had a chance of being fairly and fully worked, and also that no system of long service, unless accompanied by such increase of pay as to render it practically impossible, can ever secure a sufficiently large and steady supply of eligible Recruits; but the croakers continue indefatigable in the expression of their desponding views of the present and ! in the enumeration of their despairing pro phecies of the future. Even in military circles, however, short service ia not without its energetic defenders, and one of the ablest and most outspoken is Sir G. Wobeley.who has now been elevated to the peerage in order that in the Upper House he may explain and defend the modified short service system to which the Government are determiuei to adhere. In an article in the March number of the Nineteenth Century, for whose publica tion he has been severely hauled over the coals by military martinet? in Patlia rrent, Sir Garnet combats the nation that the British. soldier has so greatly deteriorated or that the short icmce sjstem has so signally failed. The private soldiers «f the last century, he saya Lad their faults just like those of the present day. If there were too many boys in the ranks at Igandula and Mainwaund, Lord Raglan in the Crimea and the Duke of Wellington in the Peninsula had the came complaints t« male; and "it should never be forgotten that the army that won Waterloo was pronounced by its great commander to be the worst he had ever commanded." If "an occasional hen-roost is robbed now on the line of march during operations in the field," we must not forget *• the murders and the robberies and the drunkenness of the soldiers eighty and a hundred years ago." The scenes enacted during the retreat to Corunna; the excesses in the retreat to LLsbsn, which drew from the Iron Dake more tban one strongly worded general order— these are forgotten nowadays in the memory of splendid successes, but should not in justice to our present oldiers be overlooked when we compare the present state of the army, now recruited plentifully with a fine though sometimes immature class of young volunteers, with that of Peninsular times when "criminals, paupers, debtors, and \BgrantB were forced in large numbers||to serve in the ranks," and when " three re giments were formed, and others recruited, by the system of pardoning criminals on condition of serving abroad." In the article from which we have made these quota tions, Sir Garnet states three postulates which are essential to be kept in mind by those who undertake to place the army in a thorough condition of safety and efficiency—thece being that England must at least have a corps of 60,000 men of all arms ready at any moment to take the field anywhere with a large reserve behind them; that Parliament would never sanction such a costly scheme unless a large portion of the whole army could be kept during peace as an inexpen sive reserve; and that the only possible way to have each a reserve is by "altering the terns of the soldier's engagement, so that when he has learned his work thoroughly by a few years'service with the regiment he should pass tbe remaining portion of that engagement as a reserve man in civil life, under the obligation to eerre wnen called upon to do so in time of war." In the proposals laid before the House by Air. Childers Government has resolved to steer a middle course, and seelis, ap parently with more success than usually attends compromises, to unite as far as possible the virtues of both systems. In his epeech Mr. Childers went back to 16S1 when General Peel proposed the army esti mates. Then the militia were still prac tically disconnected from the regulars, and less than 2,000 of them were enlisted qpnually. Then the volunteer force, which now numbers 200,000 efficients, could only muster 150,000, and these were regarded with but little favor and scant confidence at head-quarters. The long service system bad so far broken down that though. 20,000 recruits were needed annually to keep the army on a peace footing, no more than 13,000 could with difficulty be obtained, and do reserve was possible. At the same time Prussia, with an army con sisting of men between 20 and 23 years of age, enlisted for three years with the colors and supported by reserves, had in seven weeks totally defeated the veteran troops of Austria; and a few years afterwards the came army, similarly organised, inflicted a still more thorough defeat on the French. In accordance, therefore, with a public opinion which. Mr. Childers says was at the time "almcst unanimous," a series of changes was proposed to assimilate the Ecglifih to the continental systems, spesially to that of Prussia. The scheme then inaugurated the Government do not intend to reverse because they believe tbat it would be impossible to propose a substitute 'which would not be liable to more serious objections, but there ate certain defects ■which experience has disclosed, and certain improvements which lapse of time has sug gestcd, and with these they propose fur ther and forthwith to deal, Mr. CMlders proposes first of all to raise the minimum age of enlistment from 18 to 19 years, and to prevent deception the recruit must not only say he is that age, but possess a physical development such as a youth of bis years should display. No man is to be sect to a tropical climate till he is at least 20, nor to be employed on active servies there except on emergency till he has had twelve months' acclimatization. Farther while the twe' ,c years period of enlistment is not altered it is proposed to require seven years' service with the colors instead of cix, and when the regiment is on foreign service when the term expires tbe soldier may be retained for yet another year. When, however, soldiers are serving in regiments which are not likely to be sent abroad for a few years "they will be permitted and even en couraged, if the state of recruiting permits to go into the reserves after three or four years' service," and so the reserves will be partially and more speedily filled up. The general results are expected to be, in tbe words of Mr. Cbilders, " we ho^e to secure for our military system two great advantages —first, for all regiments on foreign and especially on active service a full proportion of what are called seasoned soldiers by ensuring an average of about c-ieht years' service for all men not" permanently invalided; and secondly, a steady flow into the reserves not only of men who have served seven, einht or more years, but of a considerable number who have served three or four years, and who will bring habits of steadi ness and discipline into the civil employ ments for which their age will well fit them." Besides duration of service, which, ! however, is the keystone of the whole edifice, Mr. Childers proposes some changes in the linked-battalion system, which will assimilate the militia more closely to the regulars, and which, among other advan tages will appease the wrath of the Scottish lion, lashed into fury by the threatened attack on the tartans. He proposes also alterations in the statue, pay, and pensions ot non-commissio?ed officers—"the back lore of the army"—by which they may remain under the colors or with the auxiliary forces for 21 years, re tiring with a pension, and so secur jnff, if they will, "an assured career. 1* Further, recogniang the fact that " no plan -will secure a steady snd efficient systom of promotion which is not constructed accord ing to mathematical rules in two respects one the proper proportion of the higher to the lower lanks of the service, and the other the Bges at which officers must retire from these racks"—he prDpounds a schema by which the number of generals .shall be reduced, paid honorary colonelcies almost abolished, field officers tacreaEsd, and a larger proportion of captains who are now compuisorily retired placed on an unattached list with certain privileges* Into the particulars of these and other im portant changes we do not enter now. Other opportunities will offer as they are discutted aud modified in committee; but meantime, looking at the scheme as a whole, it certainly glve3 indication of careful thought, and promise of much good to the couxtry and the army. The scrutiny in connection with the legislative Council election m resumed od Monday, when a few none of the Hinders boxes were examined. The candidates vow stard as follows: —Bulk, 5,323; Spence. 6,013; Rankiae, 4,945 ; Tarlton, Zs&p-; Pickering, 4,460; Avers, 4,006; Milne, 3,815- Bay, 3,814; Grainger, 3,165; Bveiard, 2,870- Fieher, 2.844. The returning-officer for the province received advices from theretnrnin* offiwr for Minlen that the remaining boxes would leave Port Augusta on Monday night and would reach Adelaide at 9 o'clock thiseven ing. Tbe fennal declaration of the poll will mort probably be made at noon to-morrow. The voting for the election of members for the House of Assembly in the Districts of the Light, Gomench*,Noarianga,Oaksparinn. and Yatala took place yesterday. The election* peved off tolerably quietly, altfaongh in one or two districts the uncertain issue of tha polling caused sorte amount of excitement. The ecrutiny of the votes in the District of Light has cot yet been concluded, bat so far as it baa gone the voting is as follom:—White. 483 • Oole-, 472; Mojte, 462; Dixson, 448. Metsr.' Tomlnnson and Hainea were elected for Guraerach?,end Mr. Atkinson and toe Han J. Colton for Hoarlnnga; Mr. Kriehanff and the Hod. J. Carr for Onkaparinsa, and Messn. Gilbert and Murray for TataUu "?■■■• The storm which visited Adelaide on Sunday night extended well into the North, from whence telegrams of a gratifying character have been received. Tanks replenished, water lyiDg about in pools, and ploughs busily em* ployed are pleasing Hems of news after the pro longed scarcity of water and forced inaction consequsnt on dry weather which have formal the gist of telegrams and letters from the aim cultural districts for some time put. The downfall has been general. A couf pendent informs us that thtee-quartersof am inch of nta baa f allea at Anama, North. A email e&mple; of gold from Mount Browne, and of the wash-dirt in which it is found, may be eeen at our office. It was brought down by our special representative, who pur chased it on tile day of starting bom the dig gings. Unfortunately all the buyers bad sent their geld to WileannU that morning, and he could obtain no good specimens or large nuggets. "Buns entaprise," writes the local paper of .April 22, "is cot all dead yet. We ere glad to know that vigorous endeavors are being made to thoroughly teat the gold-bearing icef• of the North-Bast. A party of men from tfce Buna will go up on Monday next to oom mecca sinking a shaft on the reef, and we hone that the shareholder*, who are mostly resident in tbe Burrs, and who have done little as yet hot pay call?, will shortly be repaid for their outlay by handsome returns." The Good Shepherd Lodge, No. 6, lOG.T. of tbe World, celebrated its third anniversary by an entertainment in the Tem perance Hall, Tynte-street, KA,on April SI. Owing to the postponement from the Bth inst, ia consequence «f tbe Assembly election, the attendance was not so large as it might have been, but a first- class programme was provided, in which the following friends took put:—Missea Hcbin.B.Sobia, Bys.n, Crown, and Gathrie, Mia. Hinde.and Messrs. Smart. Halbert, Newoombe, Taylor. Martin, and Maddem. The G.W.O.T , Bro. W. 6. Lapidge, oecnpied the chair. Mr. Seine, of the Windm Castle Hotel, bee just bad erected a very neat and substantial stable, which i? a great improvement on the) ordinary style of livery and bait stable ia the cftyJKl'he building is lofty and well-ventilated, contains twenty-four roomy stalls, and is fitted up veiy comfortably. Over the stalls am tbe bay lofts, and at tbe western end of the iuilding is a platform on to which traps are to be elevated on a tramway and kept, out of the way. Tbe whole of the stable will' be paved with asphalt and brick, and every provision has been made for rfMTilin— and good order. "Last -week," says the Port Augusta Despatch of April 22," a report was fat irarded to tbe police conveying the intdligence that m. nwn had been fourd dead about four miles frosa Poet Auf.usta Extension in the scrubby country. Ad officer proceeded to the spot Kii&out; delay, and fouid the body of a nun apparently «bsa< middle sge.Dtceaeed's legs and lower put wet* in a wallaby bole, whilst the embankment aerred as a pillow. The bod; bare no indication of foul play, neither was there any clue to ir- identity, and the probabilities are that the un fortunate man succumbed to the want of water. No inquest was held.1' A Stephenston correspondent of the Port Anguista paper, writing on the 19th instant, mjB:—" Getrett Brothers, of this town, rank a well,rnd incoingso discovered good indications of gold in tbe wuhdirt and conglomerate stones on a bottom of tough white pipeclay, at a depth of Bbont twenty feet The color is clearly visible to tbe naked eye. An experienced Vie* toiUn cold miner has been down the well, and is of opinion that the indications are first cUffl and worthy a trial. A bed of excellent pottery day was also passed through, of which experts to whom it has been sent speak very highly. An extremely white fire or pipeclay is alto toned near the township." Mr. Win. Lillecrapp, formerly of Gutne racba, a colonist of forty-four years, died recently. He arrived in this colony nnder an engagement to the South Australian Company in the jest 1837, by the ship Katharine Stewart Forbes, wben he held the position of assistant superintendent of sheep, under the management of Mr. McLaren and Mr. Wm. Giles. He lived for seme 3 ears at Mount Gambier, where he formed a valuable sheep station for his em ployers, bnt was recalled in 1615 to take tbe tuperictetdence of the company's stock near Adelaide, and lived for over three years at their head station near Gumeracha. He obtained a farm at Gumeracha, and has been well knows in tbe district as a Micoessfal farmer. He leaves a widow and several children. On Monday, April 25, an extraordinary general meeting of shareholders in the Albsrton Meat Preserving Company was held at the office of Mr. J. T. Turnbull, the secretary, to decide whether the works should be offered by public acct'on and tbe affairs of the company wound np with the leatt possible delay. The Hon. Henry Scott, MLC, took the chair, and in formed tbe meeting that the direc'ow, having regard to tbe expenses attaching to tae works, tbe non-demand for the preserved meats, and also considering the objection that residents in tbe vicinity of the company's premises had to their manufactures, had resolved to call the present meeting and to suggest to the share holders tbe advisableness of winding up tse company's affairs. He moved the adoption of tkie cooice, which was carried unanimously. Tea oiid public meetings were held on Thursday evening, April SI. in the Archer ?neet 'Wedejan Schoolroom, to welcome (he newly appointed ministers to the cb> cuit, viz., the Revs. S. Knight, J. Allen, and J. James. Both meetings were lacgeiy attended. Toe chair at the public meeting was occupied by Mr. T. Mitchell, senior, citooit steward, and addresses were delivered by Mettrs. Sbaxland, Bisbop. Bradley, Harry, Wroford, Davidion, NicholLs, aad Short, who accorded tbe ministers a warm and hearty welcome to their new sphere of labor. Tha f Dealers expressed great hopes of the f atone of tbe circuit, snd the great necessity of keeping pace with tbee pin tnal reqmrement^ofthedistei* The rev. gentlemen expressed the pleasure tuey felt in *Ling such a gathering, andretorned thanks for the very cordial reception they oad cbtaintd, aw? the promises of support and sjmpstby in their work. Although vre stated in our issue of TOferdsy tbat there was a probability of the dockyard difficulty at Port Adeleid* being f peedily terminated, it would appear that the dirpnte is as far off settlement as ever. Th? men bad boped that the Treasurer would recon sider bis decision not to receive a deputation from them, and that in that case what they con* eider their grievances would be dealt with. The- Treat nrerbas, howerer.replied totbetrasaand ra? quest, intimating that he could not receive them until after ttey have interviewed the nembera of tbe Marine Board. As the Marine Board have adopted a reduction in the wages of tbe men without any direct interference on the part of tbe Government, the Treasurer thinks it only fair that they should have an opportunity of. ttsb'rg their view of the aDatter, while it will place hjinina. better position to decide on Ilia merits of the dispute. At about half-past 5 o'clock on Monday ! SUKBiiig a laborer named Robert 801 l waa pa*? iag down Hindley-street, and seeing a light in the bw window of the Galatea Hotel thought be weald have a drink. On arriving at the hotel} c saw that the bar wai fall of smoke, and le immediately shouted "Fire" and "Police.* Mr. K. F. Long, the landlord of the , botel, kb« awakened by the shouts, and on hearing what was the matter hurried down with Lit wife and child, and took them to tie Royal Admiral Hotel. Constable Bayers came'on the aeeoe, and ran away to the police-station to give information. The in- , specter, j-ome policemen, and Mr. Wedlock went down with No 3 reel to the fiie. An entry was trade with difficulty, because of the smoke. The f o-as- jcu-plea«e cbrrop on belt, a gold cap, acd other articles of value were recovered, and tfca tie was soon extinguished. The damage done amounted to between £200 and £300, the bar fittirgs and furniture and wall-paper, &c;, in tso otter rooms being burnt. The building and furtiture ?er« ineuxed. The city coroner will b.-M an irque.-t at the scene of the fire this after' con. Tea ar.d public meetings were held 8t the Trimitive Methodist Onurch, Portland Estate, on Mon.'ay evening, April 25, tj bid farewell to the Eev. S Raymand, minister of the Queenstown. circuit. At the general meet* Ing Mr. ZeiU pteaided over a large aadienoe. The chairman having made some laudatory re marks tegardicg Mr. Raymond, a paper waa read showiug the position of the eirooit four yean age. about which time he entered on its Unties and ita present condition. In the first jear of the period £95 la. was all they received. In the next year, however, their receipts more than trebled, amounting to over £310. In 1879-80 they received £505 9s. 6&, and in the following year £549 16s. BJ. Four years since they had only ene .chapel, 18 church member*, 30 Sunday scholars, and 5 teachers. Kow they had 3 chapelt, 70 church member*, 300 or 400 Sunday eekolais, and 40 teachers. This showed tbe great amount of good Mr. Raymond had done. Tbe,fiev. J. H. Angus then presented Mr. R?y mond with a pnrse of aovereigus from his con* cregations sad friends as a token of tbe estaem in which he was hold by them. Mr. Messenger alto spoke of Mr. Baymond's valuable services, and of the great loss his departure would ba to the district. Mr. Raymond replied in feeling terms, and heartily thanked them far the gift. In our obituary columns is recorded th« death of Mr. John Allat-Drake, late lieutenant is p W 42nd Regiment, who went out to India in 157, and was engaged in tbe following ac tions during tbe Tndiiin ifnKny — all*ti«tml_ Oawnpore, siege of aTueknow. which lasted twelve days and in which he was wounded; battle of Kawabunge, siege of Biswa, siege of Bh-wah (fart), siege of Boyeah (fort), outpost ekirmubing frontier of Nepaul, 1859, and for which he received one medal with one clasp. He also oommanded and railed a regiment of police during the disarmament of Onde. In 1660 and l§ol he was engaged in the China war, battle of Sinho, Takoo forts, Ohankiawan and Falikao,and Pekin,and for which he received oce i?f^** with two elavps. JBeferring to his actions in Ohankiawan and Palikao he was icentioced in despatches by General Montabsn (now Comte de Falikao), as acting interpreter cm French staff, and for the use of his squadron in defending French guns. Mr. Drake has been a resident of New South Wales, Queensland and Bonth Australia for many yean. He was of a qnitt and retiring disposition and made but few friendt. He died in very reduced circumstanoes, and leave* a widow totally unprovided for. Had he lived be would have inherited a large estate, which cow jmtnrt entirely to others. The following memarial In reference to immigration has been presented to the Goai tciseioner of Grown Lands by the Sooth Aus tralian Mutual Fanners' Association :—«The pet it ion of the nndenignedhumblysheweUithat inarmnch 'as the system of immigration aa carried ont in tbe past has been us aatufactory in respect of its' irregular and spasmodic application, the class of immi gration selected, and their arrival in large num bers at one time, frequently at unsuitable times, •anting dissatisfaction and disappointment both to those desirous of eanigratinf and thoas arriving under such conditions. That inasmuch aa we hare beard from Mr. Henry Taylor late inspector cf immigrants that by adopting a lets expensive and more regular system, aided by the exhibition of the products of the colony, that a more suitable claw of laborers as well as a rjcmber of email farmers could be induced to make this colony their home. And fully be lievirg that tbe representation! o( the said Henry Xaylcr are the honest expressieiia of his large ex perience in the matter,we have much pleasure in in reecnurendiDg the came to thei favorable notice of the Government, believing that its adoption would obriata the objections laid agaitst the eastern as carried ont in the put, > and the increase of population obtained thereby would be conducive to ths best interests of the eolcnv. And your memorialists as in duty botmd will ever pray. to. Sows Miller, Pre sident; Gao Mcna. Vioe- prejident-" The follewiDS is a record of raUfall be tween 9 tx. oa\ Saturday and the same kaor — Mend ay:— Peak* ... .„ 0060 Port Augusta... 0-503 Stzrgwjs Bergs 0140 Wilmington ... 034) Farina... .„ 0 610 Wirrabara ... 0850 Beltaca ... 0 380 Melrose _. 0 403 Etinmaa ... 0 360 Taxcowia ... 0250 tanra™ ... 0-630 Narridy ... 0 750 PortPirie ... 0620 Georgetown ... 0 710 Caltowie ... 0 850 Bedhill ... 0 700 Baddlewotth.. 0 430 Koeringa ... 0580 Gladatoce „ 0-600 viaorn ~ ...0170 Fanell'sFJat... 05W Port Wakefield 0 659 Clare 0580 Moouta ... 0-2S) Anbnra ... 04% Wentjrorth^fSWO 630 Eoyleton ... 0-450 Overland Corner 0420 Balaklava ... 0 700 North-West?ead 0400 Blanchetoirn... 0200 Gawlar ... 0-909 Biverton ... 0310 Mount Pleasant 0410 Kapunda .„ 0420 Gumeracha ... 0 630 Trnro ... _ 0930 Mount Tscrens 0-730 Tannnda ... 0-530 Blytfa ... 0510 Virginia ... 0-660 I Meant Barker.. 0 830 Salisbury ... 1-0901 Behnaga ... 0 810 Adelaide ... 0780 J WiUunga ... 1490 Cthieadcn ... 0 630 I Normanville ... 0810 Hoarlurga ... 11451 Streaky Bay ... 0050 Port Lincoln ... 0120 Goolwa ... 0 BSO Cape?orda .„ 06P5 Meningie ... 0-390 Emgteote ._ O-OTO Kingston ... 0640 CapeJervia ... 0525 Kobe 1-050 Port Elliot .„ 0 727 Border Town... 0 920 2>arraeooite ... 0800 MountGambier 0-500 Pecole... .„ 0 820 Eudunda ... 0410 Millicei-t ... 0-780 Milang 0710 Btacbpcrt ... 1270 C.Northumberld 0 093 The following is an extract from a letter received by His Honor the Chief Justice from Mr. Jaa.es Smith, of Melbourne, with reference to the pictures purchased for the South Aus tralian National Gallery:— **The final award in the matter of the pictures has been made, and eighteen pictures out of twenty-one purchased for St.nth Australia have obtained prises: First, DePatere; second, Bayliss, Hicks, Webb, Tsetsggeny, Portaela, Bobbe, Bellis, Ludnig, Xaacman; thud, Hellrath, Roegge, Starken borgb, Montagu, Guznrdi; fourth, Dicks.se; fifth, Oeriez. Perchmger seems to have been overlooked, but I may remind you that it obtained a first prixe in Sydney. I think Ttchf ggeny should have been placed first, aol Eickete second, but considering the losr average of the price paid for each picture, I think we Lave not much ground for complaint. The awaids were ntf.de in the first instance by the regular jury, then reviewed by experts, and finally reviewed by the fine art* committee. Unfortunately I was absent, baring an impor tant meeticg of the trustees of the puVlis library to attend, or I should have insisted upon "Tfekaggeaty" and "Dicksee" being raised on their merits. My mil—,n. w ana I have bought from the Germany gallery the "Freshwater Ba>" by Sachke, which you and I looked at for Adelaide; from the Belgian, the " Fisherman's "Wife" by Goxen, and Oositen's " Am Morning;" from the French, "The Last?tageof Oobo;" from the Italia*, Totnmase's "Letter Writer;" and from the English, Wynfield'a " Death of fiie Dnke of Bockingham," Gilbert's " Louis the XIV." (w.c). one of Briertz's sea-pieces (we.); and J. M. Evans assured me yes terday that if we liked to bay mare tbe Arsetnbly wocld readily find tbe meney." Tbe following is a list of the pictures; the figures show tbe priz«sj finally awarded at the aYUlktSPne Bxhibitien:—British, S, HStra(harg Catrtdral," Wjke Baylue; 4, "Lady Teazle," Dickare; 2, "Off Dordt," Webb; 2, " AU that waa left to Love,"Hick*; "Springtime"—Burn turn Beeches, Lnker; 3, "Off tbe Coast"—lsle of Wight, Montagu. Belgian. 2. - Under Fire,' TCschaggeny; 1, ** Extra Post- horsea in Soowy Weather," De Pratere; 1, "Fruit Piece," Bellis; 3, "A Maadow in Flanders," Bobbs, L.; 5, "Sketching a Bust" — Time of Lcuu XV., Oeraiez; 3, " Mignon," Portaels. Holland—2, "When the Teacher** Back U Tnrr.ed." Taanman. Italian—3, "An Old Oarees," Guuardi; "Boys in a Kitchen," Gux aidi. German—"Best after the Bath." Blanc; S, 'Ooiite Pone," Hellrath; 9, "Midday— €•?(," Lndwig; "Evening," Posehinger, S, "The Mother's Beturn," Boegge; 3, "Moat ing Landscape in Thnringia," Starkenborgh. The Rev. C. G. Klcum, M.A.., preached a farewell sermon in St. Peter 1! Cathedral on Sunday evening, April 24. There wa« a crowded ccDgregatioD, all the available apace being utilised. After the usual service Mr. Blown Sve a brief discourse from the wordi: "And to c angel of the ebureh in PbtladelpMa write thec c things aaith He that ia holy. He that ia tree, He the* feath the key of David, He that flftencthairfaoaanalrattoth, and ahattetfaasd no man openetfc; I know thy works; behold I have set before tbee an open door, and no mm can thnt it; for thon hart a little atrengtb, and baat kept ny word, and hart not denied my aaKe.'-sWvriattona ill. 7 and 8. The rev. g OT . tKnvaa then aaid be intended to be somewhat egotistical, a* be felt it his doty to aay eome thirg with reapeet to UssseU, and bi? work in fetmeetM? with toe eharen. It had alw*r« •tin Me detire to pot before them the ml doctrine of sacerdotalism, and te explain that though clergymen they were sinners like them selves, while if they fell the Bin would be the greater. He had also tried to teach them that they did not minister by their own power, but that they were merely the ambassador* of Christ, and spoke or ministered to them through the powerof the Holy Spirit. In recalling to their memories certain events whioh had occurred during the time he had been in the oolony he wished them to remember that he did not in vite himself to South Australia, but that he had come in the capacity of bishop's chaplain at the request of their beloved diocesan. They koevr how little by little it had been his duty and privilege to set up a higher spiritual standard among them; how it bad pleased God when He was opening that door to stir np those who were endeavoring to shut it; and how since that door had been opened there had been a marvellous increase in their power of devotissu Taere had been a deeper sense of tbe inner meaning of church principles, and while it was their duty to thank God for what he had been pleased to do it was his duty to thank also thase brethren who, though they did not know what they did, had been the «"??"« of doing an incalculable amount of good. He believed in GoJ'a good providence they had been called to do a neces sary work, and he believed further that since that time many of them had been able to ccc that tbtre was room for both of the grait aspects of the troth within the Oburch of England. He recognised that, whether they were clergy or laity, they required more er less of a healthy spirit of opposition; bat there were times when that opposition took a more sad and moie serious form. It sometime* pleased God to permit mere personal animosity or mere fanatical seal to take tbe shape of bitter persecution, and in speaking tfcue he was reminded of the case of a dear friend of his who had been deprived of his pulpit because when he took his ordination vow hesoleasnly believed he was then promising that in all spiritual matters the jurisdiction of tbe chnreh would be recognised in England, and he did not then understand that a Stata appointed tribunal would deal with it. He did not deny that he held similar views to his friend, nor did he deny that he bad offered to stand by him when he had first to bear the brunt of his persecution. His friend, however, would not permit that, fearing that he (Mr. Blcum) would have compromised himself, as perhaps he would have done. He could not help thinking that evening as be looked upon that congregation, and as he marked the setting open of the door of that church, how it was that God had per mitted one t? be deprived of his living while tbe other was standing before them that night in one tease of the word the papular idoL He said this without affectation or eohomt, for God knew lie did not care to be a popular idol, nor did be care whether they liked him or not. H* would in any place stand up for what he believed to be right, and for what he believed to be the due right and position of the church. In looking at the position of the chnreh that day he thought while there was much to cause gratification there waa also a great deal to cause fear and ahum, and it behoved them as units of the whole to do their best to forward the work of God in the Ohnroh of England and in the whale oolony. The reverend gentleman con cluded his address with an eloquent appeal to all to keep np the work so happily started, and by tfceir example to compel those who did not agree with them to admit that they saw in them an evidence of the principles of the church, and of the power of God and of the Holy Spirit. Tbe address, which occupied a considerable time in its delivery, was listened to with marked at tention throughout. Mr. £. D. Daviee, tbe ventriloquist, ■ailed for Ban Francisco on April 21, by the maO 6t«amer City of Sydney, for a trip round tbe world. A public meeting is to be held at the Town Hall. Port Adelaide, this evening, to take into consideration the qaestion of the recent re daction made in the wages of dredgermen and others employed in the Government service. The silver challenge cup presented by Mr. Tite to the Port Adelaide Bine Company, and won by Lieut.-Colonel Lovely, was handed over to the winner by Oapt. Hall. J.P., at Ford'a Hotel, Port Adelaide, on Monday morning. April 25. There was a very good attendance at the Theatre Boyal on Monday evening, when " Turn of tbe Tide" was repeated. The very fine msont iag of this piece, together with the excellent acting of tbe company, earned for it a most favorable reception, thai audience frequently manifefcting their appreciation. The play will he repeated this evening. The annual conversszione in connection with the Young Men's Christian Association is to be held in the Town Hall this evening. His Excellency the Governor is announced to open the entertainment. There will be on view hot bense plants, pictures, art treasures,microaoopes, and other articles of Interest, which have been kiidiy lent for the occasion by various gentle men. Profeasor Lamb is to deliver a lecturette, acd an attractive programme of music, tinder the direction of Mr. James Shakespeare, will be submitted to the audience. Sig-nor Ferraro delivered the eighth and ninth of a series of lectures on " Divine Jewel lery " in tbe large roem of the Young Men's Christian Association, en Monday evening, April 25. There waa a fair attendance. Mr. H. Hujfey presided. The subjects of .the lec tures were "Jaspers of all species and colon," and " The twelve foundations of the Holy City; the first foundation the jasper." The lecturer was listened to attentively throughout, and the addresses were followed by discussions on " The Throne" in Matt. 25, and the " White Throne" in Bevelations xx. 11, and " What is tbe testi mony of the Lord Jeeus and of the Holy Ghost as to the world." The Austrian Bend gave their second concert on Monday evening, in the Albert Hall, Fine-street, which was well patronised by a large and appreciative auditory, in which the Teutons were conspicuous by their numbers. Opinions differ as to whether the acoustic pro perties of the Albert Hall are favorable to musical performance*, but certainly when a large audience is seated, the resonance is not so notice able as on other occasions, and the band was therefore heard to full advantage. The pro gramme comprised a spirited march "Gliick ant" (Fahrbach), which was given in martial style, snd elicited the first round of approba tion. The overture "Dichter und Bauer" (Sopp6) waa a fine composition, very ably rendered, and was followed by the " Tanz Priori taten,* an excellent waltx by fitrauea, which received an encore. Perhaps the gem of the evening was the cavatiua from "Ernani" (Verdi), played te a trombone solo by Herr Wladykv This artist's powers of execution are ecmething wonderful, and he richly deserved the recognition awarded to his special merits. The conductor's brilliant potpourri, '■ Deutsche Lieder." which gave so much satisfaction on Saturday night, was repeated with the same enthusiastic effect, and though co long was im peratively encored, the latter portion of it being obli e ingly repeated. Two other numbers—the overture, "Die Italienerin" (Rossini), and the delightful abend genet "Beinecke," were also given by special request. It is needless to say tbat they were received with rounds of applause, and the abend gebet was redem&nded.; A polka Francaise, "Happy Love," compote J hy Herr Brann, tbe conductor, and the "Blue Danube" waltz were followed by the grand march from "Tsn&baueer;," which brought the entertain ment to a conclusion. A word of praise is due to the admirable performance of the first violinist, Herr Emoch, who seemed to be in unusually excellent form on Monday evening. 