Eleventh Day—Monday, Mat 23. AMALGAMATION OF CHILDBHNB AND NDUCATION FUNDS. The Bev. H. T. Bubgbbb, who had moved the adjournment of the debate, waived hie right of apeech, and moved that the question be now pat. This was carried by a two-thirds vote. Mr. Goldsmith's amendment, to defer the matter for three years, was put and lost. Mr. Stephenson's amendment, to the e&eot; that the Conference resolves to do all in its power to maintain the efficiency of the Edu cation Fund, was also negatived. Mr. Fitchett's series of resolutions was then enbmitted. The preamble was adopted by a large majority. The first resolution, with some slight modification, was carried by a large majority, and the second was withdrawn. The effect of this is to abolish the Ednoation Fund as a separate organization.^ The further arrangements necessitated by this change are left to the several Annual Conferences. A [committee, consisting of the Revs. W. P. 'Wells, G. Woolnongh, and W. H. Fitchett, with the General Treasurer of the Ednoation and the Children's Funds, was to colleot and examine the resolutions passed with referenoe to those funds, so as to bring them into harmony with the present regulations. The Rev. W. A. Quick gave a notice of motion with reference to the payment of certain ex penses that had been incurred. CHUBCH MBMBEB8HTP. Tee Pbbbisbht said the subject on whieh the Conference was about to enter was one of special importance. He trusted they would approach it with the reBpect it deserved, and he prayed that they would have divine guidanoe. The recommendations of the Annual Con ference were read, and also the motion of which notice had been given by the Hon. J. Oarr. The Rev. W. Moblbi moved the adoption of the motion of the New Zealand Conference, which was—"That communicants be regarded as Obnrch members, and placed under the dis cipline of the leaders' meeting." He said that they had disoussed the question for a long time at the last General Conference, but the ex perience of the intervening three years had not been satisfactory, and it was clearer than ever that some alteration was required. About a thousand communicants had been enrolled in Hew Zealand, but many refused to accept the relation. At present they as a Church said that all members must meet in class, but large numbers did not at all regularly, and there were some who only did so to retain their qualification for office. He regarded it as somewhat immoral to maintain such inconsistency, and it would be far better to revise the rule. At present, also, tbey admitted large numbers to the Lord's table who were neither meeting in class nor enrolled as communicants. These, if not members of the Methodist Church, were not of any, and therein lay a serious error. One reason of the indisoosition of the British Con ference to deal with the question was its asso ciation with Church finances. A large propor tion of their Church income was derived from the classes' moneys, but be thought they need not prove a permanent obstacle, for a change in finanoe was going on. In American Methodism com pulsory attendance at class did not prevail, and some able writer on the subject there marvelled that so rudimentary a condition of things as existed in British Methodism was prolonged. They all admitted theability and intense energy sf the British ministers, the material prosperity to be seen on all sides, and yet they did not increase in their Ohurch[memberahip, which was itself a proof that something was radioally defective. The difficulty w« not new, bat had existed from the very beginning. Mr. Wesley himself complained that people woold not meet, end he purged the cissies again and again, bat he never thongbt he eras unchurching his people by so doing. They conld not say that now, for if their adherents tsere excluded from the Wesley an Ohnrch they conld not belong to any Ohnrch at all. The Ohnrch did not exist for the sake of discipline, bnt discipline for the sake of the Ohnrch. He believed that super vision might be maintained, and that friends who -wished for recognition would be glad to come in. The Bev. J. B. Stbfhbnsom seconded. The Hon. J, Cans said -the effect of this motion wonld be to substitute the class roll for direct meeting in class, and supply the means for personal intercourse with the minister in cases where special treatment was required. He opposed the New Zealand motion because a similar system bad been tried for hundreds of years by the Ohurch of England and had failed. A denominational basis ought not to be fonnded in the institution of the Lord's Sapper. Every Christian man should be invited to that ordinance, and they would be wrong to make it a condition that be is a Methodist, but it should be wide enough to welcome all. Spiritual barrenness was the natural result of looseness in the Oommunion and the absence of fellowship. The new bond of onion suggested at the last General Conference had not succeeded, and they must in any future legislation put all on a common level. If the New Zealand proposal was accepted the Ohurohroll must be .aban doned. Mr. Babbbtt said the question involved the most vital and spiritual part of their Ohuroh work and their futnre Ohuroh prosperity. He was thoroughly conservative, and wished to maintain the class-meeting test in its integrity. The fault was not in the institution itself, but in the non-application of disciplinary rules, especially in the case of officials who did not meet in class. Mr. F. W. Holdbb moved an amendment— "That this Conference, recognising fellowship as one of the important privileges for the secur ing of which the Methodist Ohnrch exists, declines to again discuss the advisability of doing away with meeting iu class as a test of membership, and earnestly entreats our ministers and people to maintain full loyalty to class meetings as a most valuable and scriptural means of grace." He felt tbe spiritual aspect of this question to be of profound importance, and as a class-leader that it was his duty to oppose any weakening of the institution. Most hearty approval of it had been expressed by observers from other Churches. The constant agitation on this subject had weakened the allegiance of many, and young people in the Sunday-schools were thereby influenced to their injury. Many members of the Church were held by their sense of obligation, and if the matter were left optional th«y would drift away. The Rev. J. Cope seconded. Mr. Bbiggs enquired whether, as the General Conference bed no power to revoke the rules of tbe Society, it had power to adopt the motion of Mr. Merley. The Pbebidbkt declined to rule on the sub ject. After some remarks by the Bev. F. E. Stephenson and Mr. Davies the Pbesjdbnt again addressed the Conference. He gave an exposition ef bis views of the legal and eccle siastical espectof the question. The term used in the Deed- poll and the Imperial Act were the "people called Methodists," and "United Societies," and the term Church was not de fined. If the motion was intended to do away with the Society, to disband the Society, he would not put it from tbe chair. By doing so he would hold himself unfaithful to God and unworthy to be called a Methodist preacher, and be hoped the reporters would take note of his words. Their standards spoke of the people called Methodists, who were members of the Society. Tbe proposers of the resolution should say what they meant by tbe term " Church," and put it so that the Society was not interfered with. The Bev. H. T. Bubobbs moved—" That the President be respectfully requested to reduce his exceedingly important deliverance to writ ing." This would be far better than trusting to its reproduction by the reporters. The motion was seconded, but the President declined to accede to the request. After some farther desultory conversation on the subject, tbe Bev. J. Watsfobd supported Mr. Holder's amendment. The discussion at the last Conference was harmful, and nothing fresh was subsequently elicited. The Bev. W. H. Fiichbtt was strongly opposed to the amendment. They wonld stnltify themselves by refusing to diBonss the question. After ten years of hard and honest toil their membership had decreased I per cent., while the population of the colonies had in creased 40 per cent, and the. adherents of theOhnroh 33 per cent. It ?as inconsistent of Mr. Holder to deny discussion, and then to proceed with the very thing. The fact of reduced membership rendered the policy oi shutting their eyes and going on unworthy of them. The Bev. G. Woolhocgh spoke of fel lowship as essential. The Bev. W. P. Wells said they could not retreat from tbe position tBken up at the last General Conference, and as they were not prepared to advance he would move when he had the opportunity that the resolution agreed to three years ago be re affirmed and re-printed. Mr. Holsbb withdrew his amendment, and Mr. Wells, therefore, moved,-pursuant to bis notice, the resolution which declared that the class meeting is a test of Ohurch membership in the Wesleyan Church. Mr. Campbell said their object was to main tain and promote spiritual life. . If persons had strong and conscientious objections to the olass meetings they ought to be expansive enough to receive them. They admitted the goodness of such persons, and yet tbey hindered their pro gress. One objection was the mixing-np of finance with this work, and many were hindered on that account. To compel people to remain who otherwise wonld escape was a low and un worthy argument. They seemed to have no faith in the power of God outside the lines laid down. Tbey shonld thank Him for the progress, the deepened religious feeling that prevailed, and have faith in the future. Mr. Jambs Scott appreciated the caution with which the subject was approached. No man valued tbe class meetings more than him self, bnt that was not the question. The point was should it be retained as a test of member ship or 88 a means of grace. It was established by Mr. Wesley as a refuge for earnest souls within the Church, but they were now to regard themselves as a Christian Ohnrch. They need have no fear of losing members, but at present one who had been absent from olass felt as if he might just as well shuffle off his profession altogether, which was a deeply injurious result. Mr. Bbiggs said it was dangerous to Inter fere with what had been the pride.and glory of the Church so long. He heard a great deal about opening doors, but theirs was a testifying Ohnrch, and he hoped it would retain that character. Mr Bam referred to hia own great enjoyment of the institution in question, and thought they should hold fast to what they had received from their forefathers. The Bev. G. Daniel believed an error had been committed in representing this arrangement as arbitrary. It was devised to meet a real want, and was necessary for the main tenance of discipline. The Bev. J. Bickfobd followed on the same side. The Bev. W. A. Quick reminded the Conference that the pro longed discnssson of the subject resulted from the con-increase of their membership. If, as appeared by each statistics as were available, they bad received 17,652 persons within three years it was evident that the class meeting did not conserve their membership as it ought, and they ought to fairly face the fact. It was ap parently easy to pat large nnmbers into their classes; bat the difficulty was to keep them there. It wes never intended by their founder that this should be a test of membership in the Church of God. His honest conviction was that the class meeting would be cherished most carefully, even did it come to be a test of membership; but he advocated caution in making any change. Mr. Vasby thought those for whom fresh legislation was desired were but feu . and mostly brought up in other Churches. The Bev. W. L. Blamibbs regarded the class meeting as the germ-cell ont of which the whole constitution of Methodism was developed, and it onght not to be impaired. Ministers had to pnt np with disabilities when accepting the office, and the communicants might put up with the only disability, which was that they could not hold office. Mr. Hack held that those who sought to make certain changes thereby evinced loyalty to the cause of Methodism, and sought to make it what it ought to be. The Bev. J. Watbford enumerated several kinds of persons who wanted the change pro posed. Some had not beep trained in Methodism, and never believed in the class,,meeting. Others had lost their spirituality, and others had changed their views. Much of the agitation on the subject was directly due to neglect of dis cipline. A most important point was that to carry the motion would break np the mission work, where all the members were rigidly required to meet in olsss. Mr. Wells's amendment was then put, and the voting was 50 for and 13 against it. On its being put as a substantive motion the Bev. J. B. Btbphbhsoh moved as an amendment —"That the class-book shall be the roll of the Church, and that no name be strnck off the roll for neglect of attendance at class." A somewhat animated scene occurred at this point, the Presi dent for some time refusing to receive the amendment unless it were previously submitted in writing. Mr. Stephenson said he desired to enters protest against some of the arguments that bad been employed. Those who sought some modi fication in their syBtem were supremely loyal to Methodism, and especially to its great principle of always following the leadings of Providence. He objected to the statement that persons who left off meeting iu class had lost their spirituality. The Bev. W. Moelby replied on the general question. He thought, as the resolution of the last General Conference had failed to such an extent, something more was reqnired. He be lieved in the communion of BaintB and in Chris tian fellowship. It was folly to denounce inno vations, for the whole history of Methodism bad been one of innovation. He believed in the Holy Ghost, his presence there, and his wcrk in that Church, but he could not pray for divine guidance if he did net speak out all that was in his heart. Mr. Stephenson's amendment was negatived, and the substantive motion, moved by Mr Wells, carried by a large majority. The Bev. W. H. Fitchhtt moved that the following be a committee to prepare counsels and suggestions for class leaders, and to report on Thursday morning, viz.:—Bevs. W. Clarke, 8\. Knight, E. I. Watkin, and W. Morley, Messrs. Baddenbnry, Hitchcock, Scott, and D&vies; The Bev. J. Nicholson moved the iSeries of motions of which the Hon. J. Oarr had given notice, that gentleman being absent, bnt the President ruled them out of order, as being contrary to the principles that had been affirmed. BRITIBH CONFERENCE AND (ECUMENICAL CONGRESS. The Bev. J. Watsford and Mr. S. G. King were appointed representatives to the British Conference. A letter was read from Dr. Gervase Smith, conveying certain resolutions passed by the British Conference, which were received and ordered to be printed in the minutes. Reports were received from the Annual Con ference end the appointment of representatives to the Methodist (Ecumenical Congress. The Secretary read a letter from the Bev. J. Bond, Btating that the Australasian Conference was anthorized to send sixteen representatives.! As only the Victorian Conference had elected its fall qnota several appointments were made, and the list as finally agreed upon is bs follows.— Bevs. J. W. Brown (New South Wales), J. Watsford, J. D- Dodgson (Victoria), K. S. Oasely. J. Bead (South Australia), and A. Beid (New Zealand), Messrs. Briggs, P. P. Fletcher and P. Miller (New South Wales), Brookes, King, Warnock, and Vasey (Victoria), and M. J. Ballantyne (New Zealand). The Bev. W. Butters, who resides in England, was ialso appointed, Bnd the President of the South Aus tralian Conference will appoint a lay representa tive abould the opportunity occur. The Bevs. J. Watsford and M. Ballantyne were appointed members of the Executive Com mittee of the Congress. EVENING SESSION. The Secretary was authorized to communicate to the Bev. J. Bond the names of the delegates elected to the (Ecumenical Congress. A letter from the Baptist Association of South Australia, with a copy of a resolution expressing heartfelt sympathy with the Conference in the Tararua, was received. It was resolved that the letter be snitably acknowledged, and printed in the minutes. The consideration of the Supernumeraries Fund was made an order of the day for Wednes day. PUBLIC RECOGNITION OF MEMBERS. The recommendations of the various Annual Conferences were read. They were as follows:— New South Wales.—" The committee ap pointed by the General Conference, after con sidering the formB need by the Canadian and MethQdist Episcopal Churches, is nnable to recommend the adoption of Bach; bat iustead thereof, that onr ministers shall, when giving the first ticket of membership, explain more fully the duties and privileges of Ohnrch membership." Victoria.—" That the General Conference be asked to arrange a form for the publio reception of members into our Church." Sonth Australia.—"That a form of service for the public recognition of members, approxi mating in general that in use in the Methodist Episcopal Church of Amerioa, be prepared and published in the book of offices." New Zealand.—"1. That members of the Ohnrch be publicly recognised at the adminis tration of the sacrament of the Lord's Sapper next succeeding their having received a ticket. 2- That the form nsed by the American Methodist Episcopal Ohnrch be recommended for adoption." Mr. Hitchcock moved that the minutes of the English Conference of 1878 be the deliverance of this Conference on the sub ject of the pnblio recognition of members. The Bev. J. B. Stephenson moved as an 1 amendment that the recommendations of the South Australian Conference be referred to a committee to consider and report on the form of the Methodist Episcopal Church, to consist of the Be vs. J. H. Fletcher, W. P. Wells, S. Knight, and W. Morley. At a subsequent stage Messrs. Hitchcock, James, Holder, and Moxham were added. After a lengthy discussion the amendment was carried, and the committee wbb instructed to print its recommendations. ADMISSION TO THE LOBD'S BUPPHB. Recommendations from the Annual Conference were called for. Mr. Hitchcock moved the resolution of whioh be had given notice, to the effect that commu nicants' tickets should be issued for each cele bration of the Lord's Sapper, and duly collected, so as to furnish information as to the atten dance of members. The Rev. G. Daniel moved as an amendment —"That the recommendation of the Victoiian Conference be adopted." This was lost. The motion was negatived by a large majority. Mr. Obotjch moved—" That a role that re quires communicants to receive and show saora mental tickets be rescinded." It was resolved that the nest order of the day be proceeded with. BEVISION OF BULEB OF BOCIHTY. The New South Wales Conference had re solved that no revision was necessary. The Victorian and South Australian Conferences bad not made any recommendation. The New Zealand Conference had recommended—" That the Society rules be revised by omitting the particulars specified under each of the three classes of the evidenoe of the desire of salva tion." The Rev. W. Moblhx moved that this be adopted. A lengthy discussion followed and the debate was adjoarned at 9.10 p.m. Twelfth Cat—Tuesday, May 21. After devotion the Pbbsidhnt remarked that owing to the pressure of business the Conference had felt it necessary to eit on that day, although it was a public holiday, and the Seoretary bad suggested that, as an expression of loyalty, they should sing a verse of the National Anthem, which was accordingly done with considerable heartiness. The Rev. W. A. Quick moved, pursuant to notice—" That the printing and other expenses incarred by the various committees appointed by the Annual Conference to report on the Children's Fund be paid by the Treasurers of that fund, each expenses to be certified by the Presidents of the Conferences." On the motion of the Rev. W. Moblhy it was agreed that the arrangement as to the time and place for holding the next General Conference be made an Order of the Day for the next morn ing. Mr. Morley intimated that be intended to move that it be at Ohristchnrch, New Zealand. The Rev. J. B. Stephenson moved, and the Rev. H. T. Bubgess seconded—" That a letter of condolence be sent from the Gonferenoe to the Hon. James Pearce, sympathizing with him in the peculiarly heavy affliction through which he is passing, his son having been murdered while in the discharge of his duty." The Pbbbh)bnt informed the Hon. J. Oarr that the Conference had resolved that he should have an opportunity to bring forward his pro position re Church membership. Mr. Oabb ex pressed his thanks for the courtesy, but thought he should best consult the interests of the Con ference by allowing the matter to stand over. etJPBBHUMEBABIBS' FUND. The report and balance-sheet of the fnnd was laid on the table by the Rev. J. O. Symon. The balance-sheet was adopted. The report showed that the capital account of the fund had increased daring the last three yean by £31,430 18s. 5d., and stood for 1880 at £114,812 15s. 7d. The receipts for the three years 1878-80 were respectively £12,930 Is. 7d-» £12.814 14s. 7d., and £13,419 Is. 3d. About half this amount bad accrued from interest on investment. The annuities paid dnring the same years were £4,334 16s. Id., £4,225 0s. 7d., and £4,282 14s. 4d. There were in 1860 thirty-three super numeraries and seventeen ministers' widows, who were being aided by this fnnd. It con tained a lengthy report from Mr. Blaok, accom panied by elaborate valuations and balance sheet, from which it appeared that there was a deficiency of £17,345 in the capital as compared with what it should be to enable the fond to bear the strain which must ultimately come upon it, but whioh he did not consider of sufficient magnitude to eanBe alarm, being somewhat analogous to the preliminaiy expenses of a life insurance office. The recommendation of the Treasurer that the following would be added to Role No. 10 of the regnlations was agreed to:— "That if such minister ehall have been a supernumerary, then he shall be entitled to have returned to him only the difference (if any) between the premiums whioh he has paid and the amount which he may have received from the fund for his furniture grant and annuity." The Rev. J. O. Sthohs proposed'»1. That the Conference does not deem it necessary at present to make any reference to Actuaries in England respecting the basis and calculations of the fnnd, bnt are satisfied with its soundness and sufficiency to meet the present and prospec tive claims of this fnnd. That in terms of Rale 7 the Board of Treasurers is directed to have an actuarial examination of the assets and liabili ties of the fnnd prior to the next General Con ference, and that the results of each investiga tion be submitted to that Conference. That in order to that investigation the revised soale printed on page 3 of the supplementary report be adopted and be brought into operation in 1882." The discnsBion which followed was of a very technical character, and does not possess any general public interest. The Rev. G. Wool hough, M.A., referred at considerable length to the differences between the ostentations of the Rev. J. Cope and Mr. Blaok, to whom as a pro fessional actuary the condition of the fnnd had been submitted. ^At 12.45 the Conference adjourned to attend the levde at Government House. AFTBBMOOH SESSION. It was resolved that the address to HisHxeel lency the Governor, whioh was presented at the levge, and the reply thereto, be printed in the minutes of the Conference. suthbnukhbabibs' fund. The Rev. J. Cope, at the request of the Con ference, made a statement with respect to this fnnd. Mr. Cope has for many years been engaged in preparing tables and calculations for its administration, and is closely identified with its management. He expressed himself aa still most anxious for its safety and sonndness, and not concerned abont hie own connection with it. As to the difference of opinion between himself and Mr. Blaok, and the suggestion that the question should be referred to an English actuary, he had no personal feeling; but while he had no personal objection to the case being sent to England he did not think it to be necessary. The points in dispute were such as m^py members of the Conference could fnlly understand, and the engagement of an expert, so far as they were concerned, was not needfnl. He gave a history of the negotia tions between himself and Mr. Blaok, and of the reasons why he adhered to hie opinion that the soale of allowanoes which had formerly been published could be sustained by the premiums now paid by the ministers, and on their behalf. Tbe Rev. W. Bt.amtbhb thought any investi gation would be much more valuable in nine or ten yean tlian now, when some further expe rience had been obtained. The Bev. V. Clabkb urged that arbitration was desirable, and moved several verbal amendments, which, however, were not seconded. Several others spoke on the subjeot, and the motion was carried. The Rev. J. 0. Symoms moved—"That if a supernumerary minister engages in business or professional work, he shall be required, year by year, to report to the General Treasurers the sum which be has received during the year from such employment j and if it shall appear that he thus earns an amount equal to the minimum salary to which be wonld have been entitled bad he been in oircuit work, they shall pay to suoh supernumerary minister only an annuity equal to what he is entitled from the portion of the fund known as the Annuitant Branch, i.e., the amount to which his own personal premiums entitle him." Several verbal amendments were suggested, but eventually tbe motion waa lost. A motion by the Rev. EL Bull that each ease be dealt with on ite own merits was also IobI, the Con ference being evidently of opinion that no legis lation on the Bubject was advisable. Mr. S. G. Kiira movea—"That the recom mendation of the Viotoria and Tasmania Con ferences that the Board of Treasurers be autho rized to expend a sufficient sum annually for the maintenance of s minister aa Acting-Treasurer of tbe Board be agreed to." The recommendation referred to ie as follows:—"The Board of Treasurers of the Supernumerary Fund having written to this Conference stating their con viction that it is impossible for the Acting Treasurer to perform his duties in regard to the fund and be at the same time a minister in fall circuit work, and requesting that tola Conference recommends the General Conference to anthorize the annual expenditure of a sum sufficient for the maintenance of euoh minister as may be appointed to this work—Resolved, that this Conference recommends that the above reqneBt of the Board of Treasurers be acceded to by the General Conference." The Revs. F. E. Stbfhhhbos and J. Wats fokd opposed the motion, objecting to the eecnlarization of any minister. As showing the extent of the business that had to be attended to, Mr. King read a return showing that the current account of the fond was £21,409 annually, occu pying 551 pages of accounts, and there were seventy-three mortgages to an amount of £97,955. Mr. Vabby and the Bev. E. Kiko said the Bev. J. C. Symons, who bad been aoting in this capacity, waa not secularized, but fully engaged in preaching every Sabbath. After a lengthy conversation the motion was carried by 21 votes to 18. It was moved that a sum not exceeding £400 be set apart for the payment of the Acting* Treasurer. An amendment that the earn be £150 was lost. Several motions and amendments were sub mitted, there being a marked division of opinion as to the designation of the Executive officer of the Board of Treasurers, and whether be should be a member of the Board. Even tually it was resolved, on the motion of the Bev. W. L. Blamires, that the paid executive officer of this fond shall be a member of the Board of Treasurers, and be called the Acting General Treasurer. It was resolved, on the motion of the Bev. W. Moblhy, that the Aeting Generai Treasurer be first appointed, and that the vote be taken by ballot. The following was the result of the ballotBev. J. O. Wells, 1; Bev. F. Tait, 1; Bev. D. Cope, 12; Bev. J. O. Symons. 31. The Bev. G. Daniel read the names of the following ministers and lay gentlemen who had been nominated by the Viotoria Conference to constitute the Board of Treasurers, viz.:—Hon. Alex. Fraser, M.L.O., Dr. Ontts,Mr. S. G. King, Bev. J. B. Waugh, D.D., and Bev. W. P. Wells. The nomination was confirmed by an almost nnsnimons vote. The report, snbject to the alterations that had been made by the resolutions previously passed by the Conference, was adopted. ThankB were voted to the Board of Treasurers, and eulogistic references nude to the care acd prudence with which they had guarded the interests of this fund. The Bev. J. O. Bymohs read communications whioh had taken place with the Mission House in Iiondon, in which the latter declined any longer to pay a sum of £4 4s. per annum to the English Annuitant Society for each minister in Australasia who is a member of that fund, and tbe Treasurers had objeoted to having this charge laid npon them. It was further stated that tbe payments were made in pursuance of a compact that was entered into several years ago. Be moved the following, which was carried:— " Having heard the statement of the Board of Treasurers respecting the resolution of the Mis sionary Committee in Loudon in whioh it declines any longer to pay the sum of £4 4s. per annum to the English Annuitant Sooiety for each minister in Australia who ie a member of that fund, this Conference adopts the minute of the Treasurers, and declines to recede from the compact with the Missionary Committee." Mr. Btmons next made a statement with refe rence to the claims of oertain ministers who had been deprived of status as an set of discipline. The question was whether in euoh oases the premiums paid by snch ministers for the year or years of whioh they were deprived should be remitted or returned. The Measurers had in formed the ministers concerned that the eccle siastical penalty of losing a year's status involved the financial loss of the premiums whioh bed been paid according to the " usage" of the Connexion. The question waa one for tbe General Conference to adjndioate npon, and tbe Treasurers now submitted tbe matter for its decision. The Bev. W. Moblbt moved—"That in ease of a minister whose statns has been reduced by his annual Conference, tbe General Treasurer be authorized to place the amount paid by him for the years of which he was deprived to his credit for the years following." Mr. J. T. Cbouch moved as an amendment— "That the Conference approves of the notion of tbe Board of Treasurers in regard to the claims of those ministers who have been deprived of statns, and resolves to abide by the present usage." After a brief conversation tbe amend ment was carried. A recommendation from the Hew Booth ■Wales Conference, that the fines imposed npon the Bev. M. Maddern in consequence of his non-payment of premiums be remitted. It was stated that Mr. Maddern had suffered a long and costly affliction, through an accident whioh he had soBtained, and which necessitated the amputation of a limb. The medioal expenses alone bad amounted to upwards of £120. The Treasurer concurred, and the motion was carried. The following reoommendation from the Victoria Conference was submitted and neza tived:—"That it be recommended to the General Conference that at each General Con ference one ministerial and one lay Treasurer of the Supernumerary Fond shall retire, and shall not be eligible for re-election until the next General Conference, tbe Treasurers eo retiring to be those who have longest been in office. At the Viotoria and Tasmania Con ference immediately preoeding a General Con ference the successors of the retiring Treasurers shall be nominated." Mr. H. Oowell and Mr. F. Sggleston were appointed Auditors. A recommendation from the Hew Zealand Conference, that ministers who have travelled forty-four years and reached the maximum of allowance shall be exempted from further sub scriptions, was adopted. The case of the Bev. Isaac Harding, who u a supernumerary minister, residing in Queens land, was spoken to by the Bevs. B. Sellors, G. Woolnougb, and others, who urged that a grant bejmade to him from the Supernumeraries' Fund. It transpired that there was only b small sum of say £10 to £12 in the portion of the fund whiob, having been formed by legaoies and donations, was available for such, purposes, and it was resolved that the amount be paid over to Mr. Harding. A request was presented from the Bev. Thomas James for the reconsideration of an application he had made at the last General Conference, and which was decided adversely to him. The snbjeet was referred to a committee, consisting of the Bevs. W. P. Wells, G. Daniel, G. Wool nough, and Mr. T. J. Crouch. Mr. Crouch, convener. Tbe Conference adjourned at 9.45 p.m. The following table of statistics has been compiled by the Secretary for the information of the Conference:— The number of attendants npon public worship, as returned by the Annual Conferences of 1861, is— , Hew South Wales 45,024 Queensland 7,901 52,925 Friendly Islands 18,750 Samoa ... 5,328 Fiji - ... 102,639 Hew Britain ... «. ... 2,390 129,107 : Victoria ... .„ 82,144 93,444 43,446 Tasmania ... 11,300 Sontb Australia ... 41,600 Western Australia 1,846 Hew Zealand 35,389 Maori Mission ... ... .. 2,834 Scandinavian Mission 400 I 38,623 Total 357,545 