ERNA By the Author of " Our Lady of TKABS." Deep blue eyes, large and tender and dreamy, a shining of golden hair, lips as exquisite as ever were sung by poet, and lending by their great beauty the crown ing charm to an almost perfect face. This vision that brightened for me my life in the dim old manor-honse might have been Psyche, lighted upon English ground in her search for Cnpid, bat a Psyche to whom Love, as yet, was nothing but a name. I would have given life itself to have heard her in the last hoar of it confess Hie dear to her, to have had one Idas from those perfect lips, as I lay dying, pressed on mine. Bat when I had half- hinted at my madnesB, half-looked, it, she had shrunk from me ; and snatching her hand from the clasp in whioh I prisoned it, had said to me very decidedly : \- No, Gerald. If yon would not Have me 'remember how very distant our consin- ' ship is, never dare speak of this to me again." And I never had, bring in my love for her veiy much of a (toward ; but the eager hanger was always there. And ehe saw it, I think, and .seemed some times half to mock at, sometimes to re sent mv love. - It was happiness — a happiness, though, that came strangely hear to pain — to be thrown so much in her society as in the summer that followed her curt rejection of my suit. I had been flung in a wrestle for honours at Cambridge, and had reaped a fever instead, which had very nearly landed me where failure cannot disturb. "When I had tottered a few feeble steps baok from death's door into the way of life Again, there came to me a great happiness. Erna and I had met until now only during the rare visits that her father paid to the pretty villa, west from London, where my mother had lived quietly daring the ten years of her widow hood. They were distant cousins, and had been lovers long ago ; or rather on his side there had been love, faintly re sponded to on hers ; and at last she had broken off the engagement with a plea of relationship. He left her, and for many years they did not meet again ; but I think he was never able either to forgive or to forget. How is it when into our life there comes a bitterness like bis— when we many, and waking in the dead of night eee not the face that lies on the marriage- pillow beside us, but other eyes that look on us tenderly and sweetly out of the darkness of the long ago 1 1 put questions of this kind to myself many times, I well remember, in the summer when the happiness I speak of came to me— that time when her father's invitation to visit the old Devon manor-house bring given and accepted, Erna and I lived week after week under the same grey roof, and £ gathered strength in drinking -in the light that langhed on me from her eyes, and strolled with her in the Devon woods or floated with oar and sail amid the dream-like loveliness of the Dart. She bad the kindest, tenderest, gayest temper all the time that mine was still but the ghost of a life ; bnt as I changed gradually to something more nearly re sembling my old self, Erna began to change too, and was presently almost the same strange provoking girl I had known in -the days when I laid my heart at her feet only to be trampled on. I would not repeat the folly ; to be scorned once by any lips, however lovely, was enongh. We were alone in the garden one morn ing, and I was thinking this, and at the same time how rare was the beanty of her face, when she looked up and onr eyes met. She did not blnsh, or turn from the glance that I was bending on her, bat only smiled mockingly — a smile that passed next moment into a laugh, as wickedly provoking as herself. I was turning away, hurt, I scarcely knew why, when she stopped me with an imperious bidding. " Gerald," she said, " if you care to come with me to the Winstanley room, I am just in the humour for telling you its legend. I can tell it nowhere but in the room itaelfi" "The haunted chamber? " I questioned, indolently. ''I'm not in the hntnour, Erna, if yon are ; the morning's too bright to be spent anywhere but out of doors, . and the story's certainly old enongh to keep. Pm . for staying here ia this glorious old garden, and fancying it Eden, and yon its Eve." Stay then," Bhe said, with a pout, and moved away. I watched her passing farther and farther from me towards the house. Great roses were all about me, tbe air " was faint with the odours of the honey- suckle, and overhead thick branches drooped caressingly, and only left here and there an opening for the burning sun to sbioe through. In a moment, it seemed to me, all wonld be grey and drooping ; for in a moment more all that made the garden fair to me would have passed from it with her. She turned, however, as she reached the green, broken steps that led op to. the terrace before the bouse, and seeing me rise and move towards her, hesitated a moment, and then came slowly back. . "So yon are coming, after, all," she sa'd ungraciously. "Yes, I'm coming," I echoed. "And I'll listen patiently to anything you like to inflict on me, Erna, beginning with the ghost that walks at night in " " Winstanley's ghost, yon mean," she interrupted. " He does walk — he has been seen at least once in every genera tion of Heathcotts since the time of his 4 "master, Geoffrey Heathcott You laugh at me," she continued, a flash of defiance \- , in her great eyes, " but I tell you I do believe id him — in Hs. haunting the house where his death wasthe cause of .-Lis master's." . "Why should he haunt it? It can't be a pleasure to him, X should \- imagine, to haunt a place where, if yofi and yonr legends are to be trusted, his dying so inconveniently was the cause of Geoffrey Heathcott dying also. Does he hope that in the course of a few centu ries his master's remains— they axe hid den away somewhere, are they not? — may become unsubstantial enongh for even a ghost to give them burial V "Yon dull, silly fellow? I know what old , Winstanley wonld want to show to me, bat I shudder at the very thonght of passing a night in that horri ble -room they name after Mm-" - Andwhat wonld he wanttcRhdw yon?" lasfced. -"The eteretof toew;rekchanrter,'t- be Bare. He 'would lead the wv t that jHut q >« fcpatfl ffhtw i? lice; b i then, if I had courage enongh to follow 1 him, he wonld indicate to me in his! ghostly pantocaine how to enter it — I show me where the spring is, and how it works. Then, if I had the still greater courage to look in, I should see — oh ! I should see — " pressing her hands with a gesture of mimic terror before her eyes — "bones lying there — the bones of I that gallant and noble gentleman that we Heathcottisare so proud to think was onr ancestor." I -looked at her, uncertain ss to how much of her speech was jest, how much earnest, puzzled to know whether ehe pnt faith in the family ghost, or not. 1 " Yon wonld not dare sleep in the room they call Winstanley 's?" I questioned. "Are yon so superstitious, Erna, ss to say that seriously ?" Erna darted at me her most indignant glance, by of acknowledgment of my question. "Are yon so great a hero yourself, Gerald, that yon wonld cue to sleep in it f " she asked. ' You forget," I said, lightly, " that I have not seen this chamber of horrors yet" " See it now, then," she flashed out "Come with me, and tell me if yon wonld care to have it for yonr own while yon stay here." She ran off before I could answer ; and I and I followed slowly to the boose, and found her, after some minutes' search, I returning from the housekeeper's private j sanotnm. " Now," she said, holding np j a key that left deep stains of rust on j her dainty fingers—" now for the hannt- 1 ed room 1" j I was not thinking of it, or of the j legend connected with it, as I followed her there. How conld I think of a room and a legend centnrieB old with that fair young face betide me ? Sweet face — grown something more matronly now than in the days when the world Beemed to me a thing that, if I had it, might be ! laid at those feet for one kiss from those lips — I have but to close my eyes, and yon are before me again, as bright and sonny as in the bright time of yonr girl hood. How sweetly the vision Bhines on me! I see the calm old woods of Devon, and rising from the roof of a grey manor house, its twin vanes shining redly in the I morning son ; through the trees are I ca tight glimpses of the windings of the 1 Dart, and the far-off bine of the eea, and wooded peak melting softly into peek, I and fading in the haze of the distance as I fades a dream. j I followed her through the inhabited part of the old house that summer's j morning with little in my mind beyond j the thought that she was fair, and tbatl loved her. We turned presently into a | narrow, badly-lighted passage ; and at the tight of ancient doors on either sides | of me other thoughts came into my miDd | — thoughts of those who had been this fair creature's ancestors. In these rooms they had lived and died ; here the spirit of one of them — Geoffrey, the Cavalier Heathcott, who had fought as bravely as foolishly for the Stuart cause — was sup posed sometimes to wander restlessly from midnight to cock-crow. I knew nothing more of the legend told of him than that his end had been strange and dreadful, and (hat his fate was in some way connected with that of his steward, Wiustanley, whose name had been given to the room where Erna was now leading me. j " Toil care nothing for my legends, Gerald," she said, her voice breaking in suddenly on my thoughts. She had stopped before a door of especially unin viting appearance, and now unlocked it "Yon might say that in any of the rooms below, or even here in the day time ; bnt — " beckoning me to enter — " would yon dare repeat it at twelve at night, and alone in a room like this?" "Yon don't think much of my nerves, I see, Erna," I answered, following her into the haunted room. A strange, gloomy place it was, scantily furnished in the fashion of at least a century before, and having in one comer an antique bed, dating back, perhaps, to the time of Anne or George L I found myself looking at this with an uncomfortable feeling that perhaps the ghostly steward, after his nightly walks through the old house, might lie down in it sometimes in preference to his grave. " Erna," I asked of the girl betide me, "do yon say that mortals have quite given np occupying this room ?" " My grandfather once or twice slept here, or so I have heard," ehe answered. " He most have been a brave man — worthy of the Cavalier race he came from." " Is the ghost 80 terrible a ghost; then, to enconnter ?" " Terrible to a Heathcott," she said, seriously. " I know yon will laugh at me, Gerald, and perhaps the fancy is a a silly one, bnt I never come here with, ont feeling that every word of the story they tell of this room mast be true. Oat of it, I am more of a sceptic about my ghosts." "Fll hear the stoiy before I laugh at at yon," I answered. I was more curious about the legend, standing in this dim old room, than I had been half an hour before, when resting at Erna's feet with the roses about us and (he bine sky above, and finding in her eyes a bine between sky and violet; and her cheek the rose's faintest; most exqnisite blush. She told me her story that fair sum mer's morning — told it b«lf laughingly, as was in her nature to do, and yet with something of earnestness breaking ont more and more visibly, as the gloomy legend blackened to its close. Geoffrey Heathcott, one of the most faithful and foolish adherents to a bad King and worthless cause, left England in despair soon after the terrible 30th of January, 1649 ; but returned next year to follow the fortunes of Prince Charles from Stirling to the fatal field of Wor cester, fie escaped with his life, and Ifeershifting fr many months from one place bfconcealment to another, ventured back, sometime in 1653, ' to Devon and Heathcott Manor, and lived there, undis turbed by the Protector's government, until, unhappily for himself; he became implicated in an abortive scheme for a rising . in the West He was seized, effected the same night a daring escape, and fled, with a party of Iroptides in" fierce pnranii; to Bsrihcott 'Hoaae. The search : that the Periiaintotarians con ducted there was at firti without vesult ; hilt General Hamson, iheirsavage com mander, 'was not a man to be - easily baulked. Hehad the oldsteward ofthe family brought before him,nd threatened Mm with iqsfanNwft finlras he would betray his master's hiding-place. The old man, still protesting his ignorance, was dragged to the chamber that had ever since been known by his name, and there a party of musketeers were told off to fire on him. Harrison had, however, secretly given orders only to load with powder. The volley killed Winstanley none the less : his frail hold of Ufa was not thus to be rndely played i with. When the soldiers had lifted the old man from where he had fallen they found him dead. " And his ghost, of coarse, has ever since haunted the scene of bis mnrder, I broke in, when Erno's legend had reached this point: "according to the I foolish custom prevalent among ghosts of haunting the neighbourhoods that must be most disagreeable to them. Bnt I don't see why this poor old spirit should be eo very dreadful to a Heath- oott" | " His master was never heard of after- | wards," said Erna, slowly and solemnly. « Well ?" j "Don't yon Bee, Gerald, that the old | man's murderers were right, and that he I was the only person whom Geoffrey Heathcott had trusted with the secret of hie hiding place f It is true the rumour at the time went that onr ancestor had escaped to Spain, and died there ; but I don't believe it I believe that what the legend says of him is true." "Aid what does the legend say of tliig mysterious Geoffrey t" " It eaya that he had taken refuge in a hiding-place contrived in Elisabeth's time by his Catholic grandfather — a cell that, unhappily for him. by an over- eight of the architect, could only be opened from withont, and so made a prisoner of any one who was hidden there." "So that," I said, catching at her meaning, " if the old steward were really his master's only confident; the poor prisoner wonld in the present case have been bnried alive." Erna did not answer : she drew closer to me, and looked around her with a | shudder. " Come away," Bhe said, i catching at my arm. " I feel as though if I stayed here longer the air wonld choke ma Let us get away from these frightful memories and this horrid room. I would not sleep here for the world — I should wake np with a start at midnight, and see the old steward standing Bt my bedside, and beckoning me to follow him, that he might show me where his master's bones are hidden." "They are hidden, then, to this day?" "So the legend says ; bnt when I beg ged my father to have all thispart of the 1 old house polled down that they might be fonnd and bnried, he only langhed at me. Bnt till they are fonnd end bnried, I feel that this will be a haunted room. The man who was killed here will never rest in his grave till he knows that his I master has one too." I langhed at her wild suggestion ; and she tamed indignantly from me, and flitted like a sunbeam from the quaint, dark chamber ; leaving me to tarn on its 'ghosts and its silence a key that grated eerily in the roety lock, and to follow I her at my leisure to the garden. " Gerald, " my entertainer said to me, ourtly, that evening, after dinner, " you're a fool and this little daughter of mine's a | goose ; and if the goose must needs | tempt the fool into ghost-hunting, by | raking np for his benefit some of the | ridiculous old legends that are sure to cling abont a tumble down place like this, why, I don't know that I feel called upon to interfere. TIL put no more seriouB obstaole in your way than a pro mise of laughing at you when yon catch | a cold, instead of your ghost. Yon'll find the quarters you want to occupy | rather damp, and there's more than a j suspicion of rate abont them ; but try | them by all means — try them." concluded. | Mr. Heathcott, with a yawn; "and if | yon can stand the damp and the rats for a night or two, let me know at the end | of toe time how yon liked yonr bed- room." j I dreamed that night of having fallen asleep in the great old bed in the haunt- | ed room, and of waking with a start and j a shiver to find a skeleton lying beside | me. I had taken, I scarcely knew why, | a violent avertion to that bed. Luck- | ily," I murmured to myself, as I woke | in reality, and found the bright Jane | sunlight shining through the Venetians | of my room, and falling on gaily- tinted wall paper and the glittering brass of my bedstead, "I've given no pledge to sleep in it It's enongh, surely, to be about to occupy for a week a family vault; | withont one's also becoming the tenant of a hearse." And when I had, with an I old gardener to help me, dragged the cumbrous, funeral thing into a | smaller room adjoining toe ghostly one, and my own smart French bed- etead had been carried up to J replace it, I felt almost as though what I I had done had exorcised toe ghost I could not tell why, bnt that first | night in Winatanley's room was the most restless that I spent there; There was a sickening atmosphere of death and decry about the place ; and I tossed in my bed restlessly from side to side, and gasped as if the air I breathed wonld choke me. At last I got np, and dragging one of the heavy antique chairs : before toe nearer of the two old case ments, fltug it wide open to toe Jnne night, and sat there smoking. The two narcotics — night-air and tobacco — soothed me to sleep at last ; and I woke some hoars afterwards with an uncom fortable sense of having already realised my host's prediction, and of being about to carry down to breakfast a violent cold, and: no tidingB of toe ghost Erna was in the garden, as her absence from the breakfast-room assured me. As for Mr Heathcott I doobt if had seen toe snn rise once in toe last ten years, unless from the windows of his bedroom. I stole softly ont into the open air, and down toe tangled alleys of the dear old garden. I knew toe corner that she , wonld seek — were roses grew red and white among .the white and yellow of the tangled honeysuckle, and here and there : between toe hushes bloomed .fragment masses of clove and pink; and the faint air in stealing past drooped heavy with toe perfumed breath of flowers. I stole on her softly, and the next moment had caught her in my arms and my lips for a moment brushed her .-cheek. fibs startled from me -rod as the rosea tibb gathering. " Mr Osborne, " ehe wid, "how dare yon J" Then her eyes sought mine with an eager interest as she gently disengaged herself " Oh, Gerald, " ahe cried, " have yon seen him % " "Who? The Winstanley of the legend ?" I questioned, laughing at her. " No, Erna ; the ghost's as- civil and unobtrusive a ghost as one conld desire, and doesn't seem even intoned to haunt my dreams." I remember, as if that dead year had been yesterday, how shy she was of me all that day, and how when we parted in the evening her hand rather touched none than clasped it, and she bade me the coldest of " Good-nights." We met the next morning at toe breakfast-table, and I langhed as I caught her eyes fixed on me for a moment with an eager, questioning gaze. " No Erna " I aaid, " not yet," "Not yet, "I conld have answered also on the third morning of my broken slumbers in that low-browned, shadowy room, where the rats and toe wind between them made uncanny noises in the far-off corners, and one started broad awake in the dark hoars after midnight, and looked and listened, with a vague fear lest the dead should also be awake. When one starts broad awake in a room reputed to be haunted, and hears vague noises in the darkness, it is hard for the moment not to have frith in ghosts. I had a dream on the fourth night of my imprisonment in that room that chilled me into an ague-fit of terror, and from which I woke shivering, and with a wild cry forcing itself from me in the greatness of my fear. I had dreamed of being alone with one long dead, and that toe thing had touched me ; and when I woke, trembling, and with toe cold dew of my terror npoa me, I was not in the room where I had fallen aBleep, bnt in that to which, as it had seemed to me in my dream, toe dead had led me. I went down as haggard as a man might be whom each dreams had haunted, and paced the terrace before the old house, thinking feverishly of them. BirdB sang in the trees around me ;the morning air was cool to my hot forehead ; and in the eastern sky there was lit a herald redness, that crimsoned momentarily into a more glorione proclamation of the advent of the eon. And even as the God of day leapt up in all the brightness that only the eye of the eagle can look on from his horning conch of cloud, twin etare shone ont on the morning also — the stars that lure man on to his bliss or his brie ; and there danced and sparkled from nnder a shining of golden hair the light of a girl's bright eyes. Erna bad risen as early as the sun, and but little later than myself ; and staling softly on me, her voice breathed as softly in my ear, while I stood there lost in gloomy musings and nnconscions of her coming, and gay greeting : " Bean chevalier !" I started and turned almost fiercely. " Erna, " I said, by way of excuse and explanation for my abruptness, 41 1_ took yon for toe moment for a continuation of my dreamB." " Your dreams, Gerald ! " Her face flushed, her voice grew eager. " There are no dreams in Winatanley's room. Tell me— What have yon Been ?" But I was in no mood at the moment for explanation, and X turned away without answering her question or satis fying her cnrioBify. Early that afternoon, when the glory of the Jane day was at ite brightest, we took onr way through the dim and dusty passages of the uninhabited part of the old house, and, after awhile, stood silent and side by side in the room of which, if I might credit my dream, no earthly guide had led me. It was a dim old chamber, darker and smaller than that called after the tradi tionary Winstanley, and in a far more hopeless state of disrepair. Once it had been an oratory, and the single and beantifol- ehapenwindow had blazed with coloured glass, and from the carven woodwork of the walls there had looked down toe faces of the twelve Apostle ; bnt the glass was long since gone, and the Apostles presented now but a suc cession of indistinctly outlined linea ments, falling year by year into more irreparable decay-- I went from one blurred mass to toe other, vainly seeking to recognise that before whicb, as it seemed to me in my dream, my ghostly guide had paused for a moment, and, pointing to it, had vanished from my right I stopped at last at one which, centuries before, had in all probability imagined forth the face of Peter, and, con sidering it attentively, felt some dim un certainty of a recognition dawn upon me. " Erna," I said, " it was this." We searched long for the secret that Erna persisted in believing lay hidden behind that bit of carven wood. Hie Jane day wore slowly ont; afternoon was creeping into evening, but still, though the snn sank in the west, and the shadowy twilight began to lend an added dimness to toe chamber, those email white fingers followed patiently every line of earring in tbe grim old panel and the grimmer face that frowned above it, and the bright eyes watched tirelessly for some clue as to where might lark the spring that it was Erna'e wild fancy lay somewhere hidden for her to press. At last, tired of by tarns aiding in and langhlng at this wild qnest, I menaced Erna that; unless she yielded to my often- repeated entreaty and abandoned it, I wonld leave her to seek for secret springs and hidden crypts alone. Then I turned- towarde the door, as if to carry out my threat. She fled past me, rapid as a legendary fay, and, placing one hand upon the lock, with the other waved me back. " Gerald," she said, half lnnghing, and yet with a strange, sweet coaxing in her voice, "I wint you to promise that as long as I choose to seek in this room for the secret I think it will give np to us, you will not leave me." I had not meant to speak to her of my love. What was there in her words that, they should thrill some subtle, nerve within me, and send Btrange passion burning through my veins ? I took her hand in mihe— her alight girl's hand— and my eyes songht here with a' wild desire to readmydestiny in them. "Erna," I said, "look upl" \- She bent her head Still lower. I conld see only .toe crimsoned cheek; and toe golden head that "drooped above it. " Yon Bald once that if I ever dared to speak to yon of love again, it wonld force yon to remember that we wrie scarcely even oonsinB, I dare it how ; I will be apnwtlting mora than s eouah to yop, w we shall park Erna, I say now, and more boldly than a year ago — I love yon." Still no answer ; and the cheek floBhed more and more, and toe golden head drooped lower. " I love you, Etna," I repeated, trying vainly to make her lift her face to mine. Something in her silence and her blush emboldened ma I drew her gently to me, and — and ...... "The ghosts have given yon to me, Erna," I said, releasing her — as Bhe rather shrank from me, blushing, and hid her glowing face against the carven wall from which the stony-visaged Baiots frowned grimly down on onr betrothal kiss, And I stretched ont my hand and laid it lightly on hers, as it rested on a dark and mouldered thing, in which there yet larked indistinct suggestions of the treachery of J ndas. I felt the warm, soft hand tremble under mine, and straggle to escape me ; and, tightening my olaap, there came next instant a frightened cry from Erna ; then a rash into onr faces of cold air, as, with a grating and snllen sound, the wall gave way ah inch or two. And then, the spring refusing to act, closed heavily again, and left us standing there, looking wildly into each others faces, alone with onr wilder thoughts, and with the coming of toe night. We buried the bones that were fonnd in that ghastly hiding-place, when a way was at last broken into it, in the old vanltof the Heathcotts '; and in toe chnrch beyond Erna stood with me next summer at the altar-rails, and exchanged with me the vows that made ns man and wife. Bnt when the time of roses came again, and a young life was born -into onr new home, far away from the Devon lulls, her vow of obedience was, for the first time, broken. She insisted, in opposition to my wish, on naming onr firat-born Geof frey. And eo Geoffrey, toe stoat cavalier of Morston and Worcester fights, sleeps his last sleep in toe calm woods through whioh wind the clear waters of the Dart ; and to the old manor-honse; whose vanes rise glittering above those woods, come sometimes mother and child. And then, while the hot Jane eanlight poors through unglazed casement and shattered wall, and floods with its golden glory the place in which onr ancestor's bones were fonnd, Geoffrey, his young namesake, peers fearfully into that narrow crypt; and listens while, with his mothers hand clasped in his,- toe story of how that ancestor peddled there ie retold. 