THE POACHER'S GHOST. ITow one night, out with "Tim the Glint," and some other ne'er-do-weels of the country, the peeler patrol approaching by the road gave him a scare, though still at a considerable distance. At once be Btruck a lucifer match to his companions, warning tbem of the danger abroad, add as rapidly decended to the ground from the tree where he had been ordered for observation. Taking every by-path known to him, he came cnt on an old fellow's land, n grim curmudgeon, who, catching a glimpse of his figure Against the sky, knew at once bis customer, together with hi* character for evil deeds, «nd bis deep-seated superstition, Thinking J? ww after kie lieiMQeify or At lm% hie turnip*, be determined to (>ive him a frifibt, and that, tou, not by any means known to ibe law. Seeing nn immense mangold before the fellow came on, be plucked it with B jerk from the ground, aud piaoed it over the top of his heaH. covering liia face ihe while with bis handkerchief, and standing still an the grave, wbile by was speeding the unlucky bird poacher. ' Waw—aw—aw— oo—on—aw !' a repetition of groans that seemed to start out of the eaith rang upon hie affrighted ears! He stopped ; bis hair began lo rise; he peered into the gl 'om ; he eaw a gigantic figure before him, and in an iff.Tl ot de»p»iring nature ut'ered a cry. • "•\ya w—aw—aw—on I' a^'ain rang the groan. The fellow tJ.iR off his hat and piously crossed liinself thill ho felt, as he afterwards said, the rnlo curate of a Chrit-tian. « JIo ! J—agh—nil- M'silier. In the name i»" the twelve deadly sine, Bpnke! Spako if yo're a livin' man, f.ir—for-for—I'm greatly frceleued.' Tin not a livin' moo,' ri.ng out tile hollow v ice, in a t me that froze the fellon'x morrow ; ' I nm a gliOit, so I am 'Oo- o-o.—I 'Ob, lor-a- massy—forgive ! O deck refunds Klnvi Kalchee, nmin. Save ine eowl in pini'iuce an' purgatory- O Hnleinn Saint Kullumkill. What's this fu at h)1 ? What did lever to you, ghost? 1 at you t'not in Ihe Dame o" nine blessed uiaiidiirnmarvins comio.' 'Stole me bins— stole me ducae—stole me geese,' eehoed the voice of tho ghost. 'Ab! blessed Pet her, if I'm to be sot on by by everybody's ghost that I robbed fowl from, I'd better die at wanst, for livin'would be a tortbur.' 'I'm nr.at I liauu fniip vnara. 1 fidld the watchin' you these four years, 1 ghost, 1 0 lor, more woraer Would you hive any objection to me wipin' aft'the passfyrashun, surF' 'Four years j but now 1 have you at last I'm not allowed (o spake to ye, byraison of ye bavin a tarrier dog mottly wid youj but prepare to come wid me. I have you now.' ' O sur 0 tnurther; 0 think o' me dotin' father, an me loviti* family, sir. O if an oort swore on the twelve pinnytenshal pfn>lms, sur, that I'll stale no more from you, will prevint joi< from thrubblin' me, I'll do it right off.' 1 W« 11 then aware,' said the voice. 'Now mind you, I'm the fathei's ghoBt of the man that OWUB the land, and, be the morchBl, if 1 ever ke'ch you ogin, down to purgattery ye go ; and instead of takin' my hand on my promise, bere, take my head.' And be flung the mangold full at bim. Down dropped the unhappy fly-by- night in a fit, where he was found a half imbecile in the morning; but from that good hour out has led an altered life.— Illustrated Sporting and Dramatic News. 