A HAUNTED HAMLET. Phb ExTBAOITOINABY ExPEBIENCB OF ASTEOIiL : L\a English Playbb. I -was the loading man. Wo had beon ? barh itorming' through the provinces for some nonths, and the ssaBon was drawing to a close. So, too, was the time for a certain note I had Irawn when the season began. Not having mohny enough to purchase my stage drosses, I bad borrowed from a London Shylock, telling him that bb leading man my salary was princely. My bill was alroady overdue, when, by come unlucky ohance, my sharp creditor hoard of the Bmallne88 of my salary. Ho Wr&te; fiercely to demand the amount of the bill I had given him, er threatened issiaediate proceedings. I put him off rta wen aB 1 oould, hop.ing for some Ining to turn up that might enable me to satisfy his demands. Three nights before we closed my benefit was to oomo off. I had put up « Hamlet ' and ' The Road to Ruin.' My announcing the former of those much annoyed the manager, who had not sufficient confidence in my experience to trust me with the Danish Prince, but ho at last gave way. Perhaps his compliance wag the more easily obtained through the influence of hiB daughter Amy, who was to play Ophelia. In the early part of the aeaBon we had contracted an alliance, both offensive and defensive, bat also amatory, and with oonnubial eventualities. The slightest hindrance to the eventualities was the extreme smaUness of my salary and the utter nothingness of Amy's. Her father put hor down at a high figure in tho treasury books, but HcrupuloaBly drew the money himeolf . Well, every bill-board bore the announce ment in bills half a yard in length : ' Hamlet, Princo of Denmark, by Mr. Arthur Stanley; Opholia, by Miss Amy 8t. John ; for rest of characters eeo small bills.' Things went well. Every Boat in the boxes was let, and tho tiokets for pit and gallery had gone off go well that less than tho averago amount token at the doora would overflow tho house. Tho old church clock tolling tho important hour of six warnod me to hurry from my lodgings to that temple of fame in whioh I fondly hoped I bad secured a niche for myself. As I walked along I began to taato tho pleasure of oolobrity. Shopmon nudged oach other us I passed. A couple of yonng ladies, whose pro fossion appeared to ho ? millinery,' looked at mo from under thoir bonnots, and then ropoatcdmy name in a whinpor loud enough for me to hear half a-dozon yards from them. ' This ia iudood renown,' I muttorod ; ' what mattura it that my salary is email, whon my famo is becoming ao groat f As I eaid tho words, I felt a hand upon my shoulder, and turned, with the glow of exnlta. tion still suffusing ray oheok. ' 'Mr. Arthur Btanloy, I boliove, Bir,' said the aooostor. . , ?That is my namo,' I replied, trying to hurry on. . . ' » ? 'ExctiBO mo, sir, thon,' returned tho man, ' but you must oomo with me. At the suit o Moses Cohon, for twonty-fivo;pun ton,and OOStB.' . . . ./-' ,f ' ; t] , ','.'. He handed me a email slip, of paper— I daro( Bay you can guess its 'Contents— and took me by the arm. : '? . ? ' ''n ' 'This is moat nnfortunate,' I «aid ; ' had it been but one sight later I should not havo minded.' . ' Case of ' hook it,' iBiippose,' aaid tho man. ' On tho contrary, I ehould havo beon able to have discharged the amount. I supposo you couldn't put off tho arrest till after business thiB evening r* . ' Not on any acoount,' replied my captor, and I saw that he quite meant what he eoid. This, thon, was the end of my ambitious aspirations. Instead of the glare of the foot lights and the plaudits of an audienco, I was to have tlie darkness and stillness of a gaol! 1 folded myarma indospiir, and defied ray fate. 'Let us go,' I said, 'for to- night was ap pointed. for my boneflt ; bnt no matter. ' Den mark's a prison — a goodly ono, in whioh thera are mauy confines, wards, and dnngeona I' Lead on.' As I turned to accompany tbo bailiff's man, a messenger from the theatre accosted me. ? ' ' Oh, Mr Stanley,' the man said, ' I am sent to tell you that we've no ghoat; Figgins has juet come in awfully drank.' . I was about to answer him, when my captor in'erroptcd me, asking me if I had put up ' Hamlet.' Upon my replying in tho affirma tive, he eaid, he thought ho could help me. He had been a member of an amateur theatrical club, and the ghost of Hamlet's father had boon one of his most successful attempts. If I liked he would Hustain the pact on this occasion, and, thus, keeping hia eye upon me, would postpooo my arrest until after the performance. I aaw that vanity instigated the offor, but us drowning men clutoh at strawB, I accoptod tho proposal, and hurried off to the theatre with all speed, accompanied by my obliging Nemesis. In th' difficulty the manager consented »o my sup posed friend's offer, and, a few hints sufficing to take the place of rehearsal, half an hoar before the enrtain was to rise saw tho bailiff e man donning the armour of. the inebriated ficrcrina. Up went the ourtain, to a house crowded to the ceiling. The tragedy commenced with every promise of aucceaB, my reception was moot flittering, and the applause which greeted my points almost made me forget tho preaenoe of my cd*todian, who watched me with ever vigilant eyes from the wing. I was natnrally apprehensive of the manner in which the ghoat would be rendered, bat the interview with my father's shade was as satisfactory ob it would have been had Figgins himself embodied the spirit, although it must be admitted that spirit* were peculiarly in hiB line. As the words, ' Adieu, adieu 1 Hamlet, re member me,' were uttered, generous applause rewarded the exertions of the stage-struck bailiff.' With a fligh of relief, I wbb about to apostrophize heaven, earth, and the other place, when, turning, I saw my father's spirit still npon the stage. ' Leave the stage,' I whispered, supposing that my friend hud forgotten hiB exit To my horror the ghoat replied, with an oath, not loud but deep, that he wonld sue mod d firat. It was in vain that I reiterated my directions; the ghoBt would not give np. And feeling that the situation waa critical, I went on with my part, and strove with extra vehemenoe to carry the audience with me, so that they might overlook the presence of the implacable shade. Either the andienoe were not at homo with the text, or looked upon the ghost's re maining aa a new reading, for they gave no sign of. disapproval. When Horatio and Blar coHub came on, however, their., wonder almost brought on the oatastrophe, bat I nrged them to go on, and the act drew to a conclusion, with the novelty of the ghost speaking hiB injunction over my left shoulder. ? . The drop down. I showered expostulations on my persecuting father's head, but ho turned a deaf ear to them all. 1 I'll tell you what it is, Guv'ner,' he said, 'I ain't wishing to be at all annoyin' or ungentle manly to you, but I had to arrest a gent in your profession once, and obliged him by waiting until the performance was over, when blowed if he wasn't shabby enough to get taken down a trap at the end, and bolt. I thought of that while I was on the stage just now with you, and if, I leave you again, my mother was. a Frenchman.' Without going into the ques-. tion of hia. parentage, I promised to surrender myself at the end of tho evening, bnt it was to no purpose, he was obstinate. In the absence of the manager, who had been luokily oalled away, I confessed my dilemma to tho prompter, and he, influenced by good feeling, tiud tho promise of a pre ent on tho morrow, conaentod to allow the tragedy to go on, in apito of my being perpetually haunted. In a fow minutes the tale was in every dressing-room, and the company choking with laughter ; but as it was not an affair of theirfl they did not offer any objeotion to the constant interpolation of my father's acouraod spirit, Polonius's interview was shadowed by his pre sence, and although tho anoient chamberlain took his leave, tho substitute of Figgins re mained a fixture. Plagued by Bosencrantz and Guildanstern, I waa etill more bored by tho abominable shade he intruded upon my interviow,with Ophelia, liatoned to the soolding X gave the queen, and looked on while I stabbed 'nloniua. I felt like a man who on the Bteps of the gallows reotives a roprieve. Alns! ray head was not out of the nnose yet; As I was ttand ing at the wing, in readinesa for my entrance for the fifth act, I noticed the managor looking or. from' the othor side. I shuddered. I knew his violence and tyranny, and I trembled nt his rage should he stay there to witness the ghost's unusual presence. I spoke to tho bnliff's man ; I implored him to laave for tho rest of the tragfdy ; I protnisoJ him money, anything he ahonld demand, but it was in vain. My anxiety to hi away from him only confirmed him in hia auapioions that I wonted to use the opportunity ;o escape. Despair made me desperate. I called a acono jhiftor, and while I pointed to one of tho fly pieces, as if it was of that I was speaking, I whispered words of very different import in hia ear. Tho man nodded and hurried away, while I, to keep np appearanoea, again begged the ghost to remain inviaiblo— of course without making any impression upon his obstinate nature. In a minute tho soeno-ahifter roturned. ' It's all right, sir,' he eaid. ' It will be arranged directly.' A glanoe thanked him. ' If you still persist in being at my elbow,' I eaid to my ghost, 'I must trouble you to shift your quarters, as I enter at tho back of the Boeno.' Ho accompanied me aa requested, followod by the acene-ahiftor, and as wo Btopjod I heard the one given for my entrance. I turned to my ally, who Btampod Bbarply on the stage, and a knook underneath replying to his signal, he seized tho ghost, as tho trap upon whioh they stood opened, and in a momont thoy were both hidden from my sight. The bailiff's man knew enough of stage moohanism not to venture upon a struggle while desoonding a trap, and although he gave ma a parting look of re proach and anger, ho knew that he was unablo to oppose his fate. 9 Thus relieved in mind, I hurried on for the grave scene with a lightened spirit, and every thing wont well accordingly. My quips with tho gravo-digger, my Yorick speech, ' Imperial Cteiar, dead and roturned to clay,' all brought a torrent of applauso, aud whon I loapt into the grave tho whole house was ontbusiaatio. I had just said to Laertes, ' I prithoo tako thy fingers from my throat,' when I felt other hands, beside thoso of Opholia'a brother, assail ing me. I knew too well who grapplod mo ; and assured that tho timo for expostulation waB gone, I propared for a short struggle to get rid of the ghost, at anyrate for that scene. At tho aame moment I hoard tho doop tones of tho manager, but in tho oonf usion I could not understand what ho said. I had not long to wnit, however, before I saw the execution of his orders. The first gravo-diggor, advancing from tho biok of tho scono, soizod the ghost by tho arms, and, giving him a preparatory swing, slung him on^his shoulders and walked off tho stago with him, Tho violenoo of the motion had loosonod tho fastening* of tho holmot, and the final jerk Bboqk it from the bailiff's toad, displaying a vast quantity of unkempt currotty hair. Tho house was in a roar, and when, amid the din, the ; angry ? ghoat was heard threatening in language far from Shakespearean, and oortoinly not polite, the andieuoe Boemed a congregation \- .:? 1 . ?:? 'r ?' '?' '-? ' . j)l, .lunatios. .1 ' jn'mpod from ,the gr»v«, but Boon Bach a stoinvol .laughter 'hilled me, 'that, with one -look1 of terror at 'the audience, ' I -rushed off tho stage, ob I 'heard the manager's indignant orders for the prompter to ' ring down.' ; I did not dare ask tho manager to renew for noxt season. I knew it would bo hopelesa. I lost no time in writing for engagements elao whero but I met with constant rebuffs. One manager declined negotiation, ' as he did not keep a bailiff* man in Ibe theatre.' Matters at last became serious ; the funds remaining from my benefit were Rone. A vacancy for a clown occurred. I replied as Signor Antonio, [obtained the engagement, aud six months after I had played ', Hamlet' for my benefit, I went on as a clown in a pantomime. ' To what base usq wo may return, Horatio!'— Anon. 