Hash. . «ct-*.UÍ.¿ . . .'. ;< ;« ' :? ItJic-c the {--"V - >ti üiciók ïiiouea ou Had bold* a large cloak before the supposed corpse, who rises and rons off the Btage. The scenes are never shifted, but the whole stage revolves on wheels, while between the acts the children amongst the audience .rash be hind the curtain and play until the dram beats for another act The performance begins at 10 a.m., and the audience pro vision themselves for 24 hours, curling them selves np on mats and smoking the «hole time. £490 has been subscribed towards the international regatta at Melbourne. The Nelson will follow the races. DETECTIVE CAMPHIN has arrived in Sydney with the defaulting Lands Office clerk, E?ans, who, it will be remembered, ab bcondei to "'Frisco " with £800 of Govern ment money in his possession. He has been committed for trial. A YOUTH was rushing round the corner, saying, " All I want in this world isjto lay my hands on him !" He presently came upon a boy weighing about ten pountL ^ TC than himself, and rashing at him he ex claimed, " Did you lick my brother Ben f " Yes, I did," said the boy, dropping his bundle, and spitting on his hands. " Well," continued the other lad, backing slowly away, " he needs a licking once a «eek to teach bim to be civil.'' WHEN the Earl of Bradford was brought before Lord CJflKellor Loughborough to be examined apoifa^plication for a 6tatnte of lunacy against him, the Chancellor asked him-" How many Lgs bas a sheep IT " Does your lordship mean," answered Lord Bradford, " a live or a dead sheep ?" ** DB it not the 6ame thing ?" said the Chancellor. " No, tay lord," 6aid Lord Bradford ; j " there is much difference. A living sheep ' may have four legs, a dead sheep has only two .There are but two leg6 of motton ; the *tfÈflMegs are phonlders." jUQJw CATHOLIC pareuts io Canada, have "been forbidden to send their children to the Government < schooU, by their clergymen, under pain of deprivation of the sacrament. A GIRL was lately admitted to the Waggs Wagga hospital, suffering from centipede poisoning, under somewhat peculiar cirenm«-*" stances She had killed the centipede willi a broom-handle, and afterwards when using the broom the venom got into her hand somehow, and the vims soon spread through her arm. " ^ THE death is announced of George EüöfQ (Mrs. G. H. Lewes), the well-known 4 authoress. 4 i AK item for the fair sex -.-«-The reasoir that the wedding ring is placed on the foarth I finger is, because in the original márraga formula it was pat on the top of the thaxab with the words " In the name of the Father," then on the next finger ' with " And of the Son," on the middle finger with " And of the Holy Ghost," and on the fourth finger with " Amen." A COLONY of oOuO German Mennonites from Southern Russia is to settle in Dela ware, where 5000 acres of land have been bought for it. THERE was a case of drowning at St. Kilda, near Salisbury, S. A., on Christmas Day. Spencer Twelvetrees and Edward Smith were bathing, the latter getting out of his depth and being unable to swim, Twelve trees j amped in with clothes on. Smith clang to the other man, and both were drowned. A PARTY of 250 men of the 94th Regiment, a battalion of which ha» its headquarters at Natal, were marching towards Pretoria, the capital of the Transvaal, when they were suddenly attacked by overpowering numbers of the enemy. In spite of a desperate re sistance, they were almost completely crashed ; five officers and 120 men were killed or wounded, and nearly all the survivors fell into the hande of the rebel Boers. Ten of the regiment succeeded in effecting their escape, and thus saved the regimental colours. A MAN of the name of Joseph Schmalzbauer was recently tried for burglary before one of the Courts cf Vienna. It was a common place affair enough, bat made remarkable by the evidence of punishment inflicted OD the prisoner for offences rnnning over a series of years. It came ont that daring his term of . Onice in the Austrian army he had received ten thousand stripes with the military cat,- ai 1 three hundred and thirty-five blows with the five-foot rattan, a species of summary punish ment.-- Court Journal. MB, NORTON, the late police magistrate, died soddenly on sunday morning at 1 o'clock. A post mortem examination has been held, and the ballet found imbedded two inches in the brain. It had lodged just above the region of emtry, and as an abscess formed there, the bullet eventually dropped from it, and produced death. As a gentleman was fishing in the mill-dam below Winchester, Va., he accidentlly threw his line across a strong white duck, which, suddenly turning round, twisted the gat around her own neck, and fixed the hook of the dropper- fly in her breast. Thus en tangled and hooked, she soon broke off the gut above the dropper, and sailed down the stream with the end of the fly trailing behind ber. She had not proceeded far before a trout of about a pound and a half took the fly effectually. Then commenced a straggle as extraordinary as ever was witnessed-a duck at the dropper, and a large trout at the end of the fly. Whenever the trout exerted itself, the terror of the duck was very con spicious ; it fluttered its wings and dragged the fish. When the trout was more quiet the duck evidently gave nay, and suffered her self to be drawn under some bashes, where the shortness of the gat did not allow the trout to shelter herself. The dock's head was frequently drawn under the water. By chance, however, the gut Jgot across a branch which hung down wards into the water ; and the dock, taking advantage of the parchase which thia gave her, dragged his opponent .from his hole and obliged him to show his head above water. Then it became a contest of life and death. The trout was in is last agonies, and the duck ia a very weak state, when the gut broke and suffered them to depart their own way.-American paper. -THE inquest on Mr. Norton closed on Wednesday. A verdict of wilful murder was returned against Mrs. Wilkie. THE trial of the Irish agitators-Mr. C. S. Farnell and fourteen of his allies- has begun before the Court of Queen's Bench, Dublin. The jory is composed of eight Roman Catholics, three Protestants, and one Quaker. Lord Chief Justice May, who wa6 on the bench when the proceedings were imtiated, retired, after reading a statement justify ing the language used regarding the traversers to the indictments when application was made to postpone the ttial. The Right Hon. J. D. Fitzgerald and the Right Hon. C. R. Barry aie the presiding Judges. IN regard to the outrages committed in Ireland, the Pope has again ottered his con demnation of them. There is no increase of serious outrages ; but what has now come to be known as " Boycotting " is developing, and frequent fighting is now taking place between the roughs and soldiers at Dublin. Ifc&oM; South Africa we learn that the Boer re^^_m is spreading, and the insurgents han|Led another town-Utrecht. Instruc tjflPnaYe been sent ¡to India for the dispatch QjHsops from thence to Naval. It is sup polB&bat; the leaders of the rebels disapprove of^o massacre of the men of the 94th Kegiment, hence the speedy release of those of the British troops whom they took prisoners. THE Victorians were successful in the Intercolonial Cricket Matfr, by 3 rans and 2 wickets. D. Gregory secured the batting trophy. PIGEONS let loose at Echuca accomplished 156 miles to Melbourne in 2 hours 35 minutes, which is unparalleled I In a small town, during service, ¿on a re cent sultry sabbath morning, the pastor't dottie gul, of nearly three summers, became somewhat wearied at the extreme length o the sermon, and in rather a low tone pi voice, bat very earnestly, said, to th^^S»^ amusement of those who sat near**^ ". Come papa, that enough, let's go home." * THE Boston Post bas discovered a humane butcher, who whistles " Pinafore " airs U the animals, and makes them want to h kiUed. ON the last boat (midnight) from Sydne; arriving at the Bald Rock . Ferry, Balmain on Christmas night, a passenger name« Christopher Tully fell overboard. The pas 6engers were unable to render effective assis tance to the drowning man, but fortunately Captain Connelly, hearing the alarm, jampee kin and rescued the man, who was sinking th* ?hird time. This is the fourth occasion dur the present year that Captain Connell; has been the means of saving life, and this i the thirty-eighth life he has saved. His Honor Judge McFarlane, has, accord ing to all accounts, got himself into very ho water down at Bega. The newspapers hav loudly clamoured for an investigation, am the Sydney Press are beginning to follow ii the same strain. The accusations mad against his Honor refer to his conduct off th Pencil, which ia said to incline too much t " what gods call gallantry." THEY tried to kill a book agent at Omah last week. He was robbed, thrown into tb river, knocked off the cars, tossed off a high bridge into the river again, and in two hoars he was around with an ülutsrated Bible trying to get a subscription from the head of the attacking partj. A BLACKWOOD preacher, speaking on the subject of getting to heaven, said, " My brethern, it is as impossible for a sinner to get to heaven in his ßins, as for the best horseman in this congregation to ride a streak of lightning through a crab-apple tree without getting scratched." FEW men (says the Gulgong Advocate) in their lifetime have been so near death as was the case on Monday last VT i th one of the reapers engaged harvesting at Mr. Buckley's farm, Tallewang. He had jost knelt dovrn to tie a sheaf of wheat, when he heard a squeak, just such as a moase wonld make. He immediately sj rang to his feet and found j that he had been kneeling on a deaf-adder. The reptile was afterwards killed. As a coloured boot-black was passing down-town bar-room and fruit-store in Richmond, U.S., he picked ap a stump of a cigar in the gutter and" went into a store and asked for a match. He was met with the reply, " We don't keep matches to give away." The boy started out, bat stopped at the door, tamed back, and asked i the ^proprietor, " Do you sell 'em ?" He purchassed a box, paid his two cents, and lighted the stomp ; after which he closed the box and asked the proprietor to put it on the shelf, and said, " Next time a gem'an asks yon for a match, give him one ont o' my box. THB Imperial of Madrid publishes an amus ing account of a terrible dael at Valparaiso. A quarrel between two professors of music led to a challenge, the instrument selected being neither pen nor sword, hut the piano. The conditions of "the ' encounter ' were that neither party should eat nor drink until honour had been declared duly satisfied, and that no waltzes or other lively airs should be , indalged in. Seconds were appointe!, and ' the dael proceeded without intermission for 48 hoars, at the end of the time one of the musicans, after playing a ' Misere ' for the hundred and fiftieth time, fell forward, and sank exhausted to the flooi. He was taken up a corpse. His adversary had been literally transformed into an ' enraged musican,' and was in that state removed to the hospital. The seconds themselves gave signs of being seriously ' touched,' and each of the pianos was fouud to be in a'helplessly and crazy con dition. Such, at least, is the result of the medical examination.. GEORGE HUGMAN was remanded on Tuesday, for 6even days, for a diabolical out rage on a woman in Collingwood, Melbourne, on Christmas Eve. The police were at tracted to the spot by the woman's cries, and the raffian was arrested. The woman is in the hospital in a critical state. " I wonder, uncle," said a little girl, *. if men will ever yet live to be 500 or 1000 years ?" " No, my child," responded the old man ; " that was tried once, and the race grew so bad that the world had to be drowned." A MARRIED woman; residing at Benbullen, was brutally assaulted and ravished by a man late on Snnday night. Sergeant Shillington, on being communicated with, at once proceeded with constable Phillips in search of the offender ; and after a hard day's riding succeeded in capturing him, and brought him back the following night. The prisoner was brought ap before a local J. P., identified, and remanded. A RCBSiAN statistician has amused him self calculating the distance travelled in a year by the band ot a printer. He takes the principle that a skilful compositor, working ten hours a day, allowing for distribution and correction, sets op 12,000 letters. In count ing the year at 300 working days, he makes then a total of 3,600,000 letters. Conse quently the distance from the case to the stick and from the stick to the case being estimated at two feet, making in all 7,200,000 feet, there being 23,500 teet in a geographical mile, so that the distance made in a year under these conditions by a printer's hand is in the neighbourhood of 300 miles, or a mile a day. THOWGH it smacks very much of an old yarn colonised, the following, from the Auckland Star, is worth being Bent "on the round " :-In the days when two or three regiments of the Imperial troops were stationed at Tauranga, there resided in the township a storekeeper who was a great worshipper at the shrine of Bacchus. He was what some people called an " unlucky dog," being to some extent unsuccessful in all his transactions, and he invariably ex claimed, " Confound it ; just like my luck." Well, one evening he had taken much more than was good for him, and whilst staggering along the ce-netery grounds, through which he had to pass before reaching home, he fell into a newly-made grave, and there went off to sleep. At 5 o'clock in the morning he was suddenly awakened by the bugle sound ing the reveille. Opening his eyes and Rooking round, he perceived that he was in a (grave, and thinking he had died and been buried, he exclaimed, " Confound it ; jost like my usual luck. I've been and missed the resurrection !" The incident is a true one, and a person now resident at the Thames was passing at the time the tipsiologist was thus soliloquizing. WE recently quoted a notice of a cele brated lady whose character was viewed from one stand-point. Since then we have clipped another which shows a much nobler picture. Self-sacrifice is an infallible test of true affection. An American paper says :-" The adage ' truth is stranger than fiction' is for cibly exemplified in the romantic life and death of Adelaide Neilson. As a fitting final to her remarkable career of brilliant professionals triumphs and calami tous fate, it is now stated that the naval officer who claimed her remains at the morgue and gave them Christian burial ia England, was her disconsolate suitor, Rear-Admiral Glyn, B.B., to whom, rumour says, she bequeathed the greater portion of her property, amounting to 200,000 dollars. He was willing to brave the displeasure 1 of his intimate friend, the Prince of Wales, I if Miss Neilson would consent to the proffered marriage; which, his Royal Highness inter dieted. Bot the actress would not permit her lover to incnr the Royal displeasure by such a mesalliance. She carried her secret wi'.h her to the grave. How truly devoted she was to her ardent admirer is best attested by her singular will. THE editor of a newspaper ont west has discovered a way of keeping eggs from spoiling. His method is to eat them while they are fresh. A CAT was so rash as to lick the cheek of a young lady of improved complexion, and in a few more minutes was no more. Young gentlemen will please take notice. THE Detroit Free Press says that women can puff their hair without calling for the aid of newspapers. Perhaps they can ; bat when they want to pnff the rear of their dresses they frequently call iu the aid of the press, and make considerable bustle about it. A LEASE recently recorded at Lowell, Mass., gives the use of certain premises foi "the term of her natural life," and furthei down exacts a pledge from the lessee thal she will " quit and deliver up the said pre mises peaceably and quietly at the end of tht term." THE Mark Lane Express gives publicity to a statement to the^ effect that bran which has been saturated with a solution of alum and nitre, if scattered on each round ol sheaves when ricks are being built, will keep rats and mice from the rick. PAUL PITHAN, a groom at the Caledonian Hotel, Tamworth, picked ap a roil of £285 in notes in Peel-street the other day. Like an honest man, he straight away handed them to the police superintendent. . * ANOLO-AUSTRALIA' writes :-* The slow ness of the Trickett-Hanlan race goes foi nothing, as there was no tide to speak of. anc for at least three miles the winner simplj played with his opponent. It does not loot mach of a beating, this three length's ; but beyond doubt, Hanlan, if he had rowed hit hardest all the way instead of indulging ii tricks which were risky and in bad taste could have won by at least a qoarter-of-i mile. Indeed, how many good judges say he might, had he liked, have been half i mile in front at the finish. So thorough an< complete a triumph over a champion ha seldom or never been witnessed in England and whether or not my surmise be corree that Trickett was stale aad unfit, my convie tion emphatically is, thal* Hanlan is far an< away the better man, and would always bea him whenever they met in a match over fou miles of water, if not, indeed, under an; circumstances, and over any distance." 