THE PEOPLE OF CYPRUS. - rProm Si. Jama's B» pet of November 12.] No good census of the whole island has jet been completed. The clerka of the land registry offices of Cyprus, who go round at thetfommencement of the year to Cote new nrotoertiei and improvements, record at the same time the births and deaths of males daring the previous twelvemonths, in order td establish the Dumbers between eighteen ami sixty years of age who Bhould pay half a--crown a year as the military-eiemptien tax. Concealments are common, in order to cheat the tax-gatherer, sad one of the strongest arguments against this impost b that it encourages falsification in tthe very basis of the statistical information of the island. The Mussulmans also dislike any prying into the harem portion pf their households, and an indiscretion on the part of a clerk in taking such a census tn one of the Turkish provinces not long efece was the cause of his murder. This year an en deavor is being made to obtain mo^e accu rate information; but some of .the re turns showed clearly that they wots quite untrustworthy. In some districts in pre vious years attempts have been made to get at rough and approximate figures, aad t be results were that in Limasol in Novem ber, 1878, there was returned a total popu lation of 23,600, living in 10,000 houses ; in Laroaca 16,700 persons inhabited 8,100 houses ; and in Kyrenia 1 1,600 inhabitants and 8,100 houses were returned. This fives for Kyrenia nearly four persons to f fuh house, and for limaftol and Larnaca only a tittle over two persons, which is an absurdly small proportion, and at once bbows the statistics to be erroneous. IhFama frusta district, the commissioner estimates, the females are equal in number to the males. In Limasol district only 11,400 females are tabulated, as against 12,200 males. In the town of Limasol we are asked to believe that there are only 611 Moslem female* to 550 males, while 1,419 Christian females are returned in the same town out of a total population of 2,828. As to the proportion of Modems, Ky renia district gives 20 par cent, Larnaca town 23 per cent, Limasdl town 28 per vent., and l^tmaca and Papho district 32 percent each, which instances are suffi cient to show that nearly three-fourths of the native population is Christian. Thir teen villages in Larnaca and twenty-two in Kyrenia are purely Christian, while four in \--arnaca and eight in Kyrenia are entirely Modem; but in the majority of village* the population is mixed and lives amicablv and harmoniously. Ia these mixed vil lages there is generally both a Christian aad a aCoblem mukhtar or headman, and a meat ordinance for the election of councils ia the towns gives proportionate repreaen tatis. to both creeds. In the village of Kalebournou, in Karpaa, which ia entirelv Moslem, the villagers are said to speak nothing but Greek. The Greek men almosteverywhere in the ialand, but especially in higher fiarpas. are tiae, straight, well-built fellows while in their prim* ; it is quite a sight to see when tue idle youngsters from the far villages awaggar ia their fine clothes through the Friday bazaar of Nicosia, the chief market of tke week. They move about on the roads and tracts generally upon donkeys, without stirrups, urging tin animal by constantly swinging their pendant legs to Mn^ fro. Distressed bv the bad harvest of last year, huodrede, both of men and women, took to work on the Government roads, and, though disposed to laziness, proved, under energetic superintendence, to be hardy, docile, aad enduring. When they got used to English picks and shovels they did a good days work of nine hours; living on nothing but black bread, onions, olives, melon, and other fruit, and drinking water. The contrast between the men aad the women, who are generally squat aad dowdy figures, ia so remarkable that they do not seem to belong to the same race. The old woman who ait in the weekly bazaar to sell their heme-woyen stuffs are hideous in a degree andvapety which must be seen to be balieved. The inferiority of the female type it ascribed by some medical theorists to poor food, early child-bearing and long wsrerng of children, bouse drudgery and fieU wdrk; but these causes do not operate iuC/prus alone, and although, they may explain a large number of cases, they can not be considered to account for all that we aee amongst the Cypriote, The people are conscious of the fact ; and when a remark was made to a wealthy native about the dearth of pretty faces, he said as a sort of excuse that the Turks 'about 20 years ago' had taken away all the aaadsonuwt girls to Constantinople. Occa sionally—very occasionally — one sees a maiden graceful, tell, and lithe, whose purely Grecian head is adorned with a pair of Eastern eyes. The children of both sezaa tn wbaa healthy charmingly pretty from the age of four or five tn eight or ten'; but the vast majority are puny, pale, and nnbeaithy. They are nursed too long by their mothers, and an then crammed with all sorts of unfit food, such as olives, cheese, beans, Ac, never getting milk or a fari naceous diet They suffer more than adults from malarious fever, and almost all are afflicted more or lees with disease of the aplean. It it difficult to understand how boys so weakly grow up to be such fine men; but no doubt the less fit do not survive. They have no idea of personal cleanliness, so much so that doctors find their patients so extremely dirty that they are obliged to make it a rub) to give them no advice until they are washed. The mode of life of the people is eminently conducive to fever and ague. They live mostly on the ground; the children sit, lie, and play on it ; the woman squat to their work or open-air cooking with the tag, cat, fowls, and donkey, on the court or enclosure which adjoins tke house and serves as garden also. The earthen floor of the bouse is shared by the animals and insects, and is merely a portion of the enclosure in which it steads ; at tiie same time the ground is saturated with afl the water that can be got from well or aqueduct, brought in by gutters which wind through the lane before the door. It is difficult to imagine any thing more drearily comfortless than this kind of existence; and the best tint can be said is that in the torrid heat in which he passes most of the year the Cvpriot craves for the shade and fruit of his few trees, and finds the damp ground grateful and cooL Thus be has a green garden and ague, with a rickety and fever-atrieken progeny. When wet and winter come, chattering and shivering with cold he hides in the house or cowers over a braziar. On one of those bitter days when the whistling, snow-laden Bora tears across from the Black Range of Karamaa, the bazaar shuts up, and all the shopkeepers go to bed. The Cypriot ' hath no music in his souL* All his little remaining desire for rhythm seems to have settled into his feet, and he dances furiously, until exhausted, a sort of jig to the endless repetition of a few nondescript monotonous bars of rapid notes. lie takes this recreation in companies, and as he jumps gives short excited yells of satiafac tionTHe will dance and drink wine or mastic all night, and go away making the morn hideous with his bowlings. The noise of music to which he jumps is chiefly pro duced by scraping one — the treble — string of a little fiddle with great rapidity, and has to all appearances been learned from the mosquito, which it mimics with con siderable accuracy. The fiddle is generally accompanied by the bourdon of a zither which copies well the wearing screech of the cicala, When tha nativ? Greek braaks into song, he produces a brief nasal drone which melancholy Bound is often re peated. The boys never whistle; but the children, chiefly the girls, from time to time, with a voice from the head and nose produce a short tune which never exceeds two or three bus. With all this they have wondrous longs. The men will send their dear voices ringing through the pure, dry air, across a country side ; in the streets and on the roads they converse, pre ferably, it would almost seem, from a dis tanse ia loud tones. When on fine even ings— and all evenings are fine in Cyprus for months together— whole families ait in the lanes outside their doors, they do not take the trouble to move in order to visit their neighbors, but about to thorn with shrill distinctness as they ait The result is a babel of noise, for all shout together. Four or five woman meeting in the street all talk to each other at the top of their voices at the same time ; the parties to a ease in court, no matter how many they are, all talk together, and it is impossible to silence them. But perhaps the wont plague is a quiet street with two or three parties of boys playing games in the dust; they every one yell con tinuously at the full pitch of their lungs, until the brain wanders and deaf ness would be a welcomed relief. The conduct and habits of the Turkish portion of the population are different in almost every respect Even about the youngest Turkish boys there is an air of gravitv as they play in die streets; and when/about the age of 10, they quit the harem and assume the tarbush or fez, they become even more staid. 1 he closely abut aspect of the Turkish houses makes their quarter of the town more secluded and quiet than the Greek. The house door gently opens, and a grave Turk, beads in hand, cornea forth with measured steps to pravers at the mosque, or a small bevy of Turkish women, wrapped in the white sheets which give them die appearance of ghosts, glide in to pay visits. Apart from these disturbances there is scarcely any thing to break the repose, unless it be a beggar who loudly tepeats at the gate some verses of the Koran until he gets bis alma of food. The Turks are always well, if not richly dressed, and their type and gait are dignified and stately compared to the more rapid 41reeks; and besides they are dean, and in this contrast even more Btrikingly with thtru. 