NEWS OF THE FORTNIGHT. The resignation of Mr. David Murray, one of the members for the district of Yatala, has been received by the Speaker of the House of Assembly, and a writ has been [?] to sup- ply the vacancy cassed in therefreseatakioaaf the district, the nominatMns being Sxtd for tbe lat of September, aad tbe election fat the 6ft. The Treasurer intimated to the House of AaemU j m Wednesday las* that be bad re -m-T J - ¥t| —r frrnn thtt ngnifr tTiwwai that mornuig. stating that he had been ahiefe>de> posit half a million of money inaltanaonhank for three rnonthswitii interest at 8 pvoaak pat ?niiiiiD* The debate in committee of supply on the Budget speech, delivered by the Treasurer abort a fortnight ago, was commenced in the House of Assembly on Sneadey, Aagnst 23, by Mr. BounaevaU,thalateTMasarer, who vigarausly attacked the finanrfal propoiala of the Qovemmeai. The intention of the Trea* anrer *o pane to the revanne ?faa proniua amounting to £140,000 on tile sale of ourboads, he dissented from aa utterly unjustifiable, and he also censured the Govenmeat fot parsimony in tbair eattmacas of expenditure, eapecially in regard to poblic works. The taxation aad redoetioa of Ousewns propoiala of the Creaaurer next came In for Mr. Bounse vell'swvere condemnation. Mr. Johnson, who waa the only other speaker, argued in favor ot the aholitton of immigration. ToenaUemem. bets to study the wnnaasmuiil of tbe inane* oomroisrion, which waa laid on tha table the same afternoon, the debate was adjoomed. A good deal of the time of tha Assembly on Wednesday last wastaken up by fitediseuasiaa of matters affscting the interests of tbe pastoral lessee* of theOsown. Mr Baswsrtbmored tOiat fonrtaen years' right -of renewal, upon a valo*. tkn>, shonld be granted on lbs expiration oE pastoral leases of she waterages massy referred to in the 11th schedule of tbe Orown Sanaa Consolidation Act of 1677 (C*. north ward of the red line open the map of cons tram the bound ary of We* Australia to the point of interaec tion with tbe hlaek line on the map, and thence eastward to the boundary of New Sooth Wales) fortbepwrpoWoi WMwnragina; the ieastu in tbe heavy expenditure of developing tbe country." For this oonocesion to the squatter Mr. Beaworth nade a vigorous appeal to the Honat, based principally on tbe dimaaities with which the pastoral lessees have had tocaateool in scekuig to open up the bsaly-watered ot wholly waterless cwsntryin the far Horth. The only way of helping the pastoral lessens t? carry on their opessvtians with any degree oC emeess waa, he contended, to gira them a muetk longer lease with fixitjy of. tenure; and he pointei to the ""^^M n^t^ifa? inflffa'o in the qi"wtfrar off live stock In the colony during tie past seven years to stow w^nno^feeses* conditions the country was net being properly developed. The Ooaunusioner of Orown Lands stated that the Government heartily sympathised with tha object Mr. Boswarth bad in new in bringing forward this motion, which, however, they wished him to withdraw, as they intended to introduce a Bill during the present session far tbe purpose of affording gieatav feeilitiet foe tbe development of the interior by making theoosditionf of tbe pastoral leases mom liberal. During tbe discussion which followed the Hon. J. Oarr alio expressed hit genets! approval oE Mr. Bos worth*** emarks, but thought the Govern ment should deal with the matter in tbe Land Bill bow before the House, bo as to obviate the need of having two small measures bearing on tbe land laws daring the same session. A lengthy speech was made on the subject by Mr. Play ford, who thought the mover bad gone too far in asking that the concessions he referred tot should be extended to pastoral leases down to tbe red line an tbe map, beyond which he pointed out there was country which might be teaumed for the use of the selector*. Mr. Playford, bow ever, objected altogether to tbe plan of giving a right of renewal, and urged that in whatever legislation tbe Government introduced npon the subject they should be careful to insist, by special provision, thai the pastoral country in qw etien should be atonkrd within n certaia period, she omission to require this of the tqnatters in former times having greatly re tarded the development of tbe country. The debate was adjourned for three weeks. In the .Legislative Council on August ii the Chinese Immigrants Begulatiou Bill was considered in committee, and two import in t amendments were passed. It was decided thai such Chinese aa are British subject* shall oe exempt from Hie operations of tne Bill; aad alto that the provisions of the measure shsll not apply to tbe Northern Territory. Ttia former amendment was carried without a diri> sion. The Commiraiouer of Public Works called for a division on the latter amen4meat. when it was seen that in addition to himself only the Hoo6 A. Campbell and J Pickering were opposed *o it. Oaring the <3eb?te sei-eral members spoke in decided opposition to the Bill. The Hon. W. Sabdover gave it as his opinion that the action taken by Australian U?Blatmes agatast tbe Chinese rase was cer tainly na credit to our uncalled oiWiuiitioa. The Hon. R.A.Xarlton thought that io a fe? jetis the people of tfeeee colonies w.u'd be ashamed of their action against' the Chinese, and that the popular agitation in ttppositifln to the Chinese '""vgra-taop was founded on ignorance. The Commissioner of Public Works opposed both amendments. The Bill was further considered in committee next day, and several alterations were nude, the most important being in the clause relating to the number of Chinese passengers to be carried by vessels. The Bill pro- Tided that vessels should not oury Chinese in any greater proportion than one passenger to every fifty tons of the registered toenageof the vessel, aud after a great deal of discussion the clause was amended so as to allow vessels to bring one Chinese passenger to every ten tons of the registered tonnage. Tae report of the committee has been agreed to. The motion of Mr. Ward that a select committee should be appointed to enquire into and report on the advisability of constructing a railway from Fort Germeia to Orroroo has been canied by the House of Assembly, with tbe addition proposed by Mr, Play ford, to the effect that the committee should also report on the proposed line from Gladstone to Coonatte. The Government agreed to tbe motion, but it was urged that the committee should carry on their labors with reasonable dispatch, so that early action may be taken in the matter. It waa pointed out by the Chief Secretary that whatever may be the difference *jf opinion as to the merits of the rival routes referred to in the motion as amended by Mr. Playfard, there ia very little doubt that there should be a railway from Gladstone to Laura and thence to Appila. The select committee appointed by tha House consists of the Com- TM—ifMg of Grown Lands, the Hon. T. Play ford, and Messrs. Coles, Mattinion, Tennaat, Townaend, and Ward. They are to report od September 14. The second reading of the Building So cieties' Bill has been carried by the As aembly. This measure embodw* the sugges tions made by numerous building societies in this colony, and among other things pro vides for the incorporation of these societies, deals with the made of investing their funds, spves m a aanedateamodel balance-sheet, in tended to assimilate the methods of keeping ac counts, provides Oat building societies m?y faave power to receive deposits or loans at interest, and also mntairw a clause for the ap -poistment of flJ'Vi*' auditor*. The BQi, which meets with general approval, is now in com aoitte The debate on Mr. Bower's motion in the Assembly, affirming the principle either that all ocean-going vessels visiting this colony should be exempt from the payment of light dues, or that all vessels should pay the dues at a uniform rate, according to tonnage, came to a atae last week. The Treasurer staled that be agreed with Mr. Bower that it was unjust that ocean steamers ahould have to pay only a third of a pansy per ton, while sailing Teasels had tepay4d per ton, and aseordingly he in tended todraw up anew tariff with a view of saaking the rate? more equitahle. This would he issued, he remarked, in a week or two, and meanwhile ho asked the boo. member tor the Sort to withdraw his motion which he could feting on again if the new tariff was not in his opinion satisfactory. The Treasurer observed that he certainly did not tiiink ocean-going vowels should he altogether exempted from the pay meat of light dues. There is now derived a revenue of £8,000 per year bom these charge*, and this tbm Government could not afford to lose. Mr. Bower withdrew hbmotioa as re quested. The total axea of land sold at the Land Office during the month of July waa 92,737 acres lrood SI perches, of which UfWS acres 31 perches were sold for cash, aad 80,774 acres 1 perch were sold on credit. Of tile quantity aold oncredit,lsVo93acreslTOOdwersnswly-opesed country tends. The total amount bid for the whole of the land sold was £186*510 10s 7*d. She sum paid into the Treasury on aeaount of ?ash aalf s was £6,08717 a 3d, and on account of creditsalea £13,?B 17s. In addition to the abavetnefollowing amounts were received:— Completion of pnrphsse of 25£86£ acres, under Ac*l4?flc?B-?,&k.;£V^Sslss3d;| nr meot efo?g-qnarter purchase niannj, £1.466 Us lid; payment of half purchase-money under clause 23 ?f Ast 18 of 1872, £4^fittlfli6d; second aMtabnantof tasirwr, £B,TU*; axteneiouof ?re^forwbx?to ?uney under clause I of Act 4 of U0?-70, £182 ss4d;extaasianof credit for half of nanhase 9Doneyunderckn*e22of ActUof 167441469 Os 6d; interested overdue aiumnm, £384 9s Sd. The total payment* on aoaoant of land dtuingta?in?ith amounted to £58^U 8i Id. Shesson received lor improvement waa £9M ' lls. The final report of the ??e""ff of the ?Aatrcu Dam has been roservsjd by the City OouncQ. The enshaeer stated that tbe dam bad been proved to be a moat substantial atrue tare, and after having nfemd to tfao progress of the work and tha difficulties with vtUeb he ! bad bad to oaatena, be said it was mast satis- j factory to find that the total cost of the work waa considerably bdow the original estimate. Be calculated that a saving of £470 Ms. had teenefleatedbycaajiogouttheUttarportio? of the work by day labor. Tbe report was received, and the memhws of the council con sidered that Mr. Chamier was deserving of the best thanks of tbe commnairy for the satisfao tcty w?^fw**? in which ho had P^rforn>f4 his duties. Bis Worship tbe Major, at a reseat meeting of the Oity Oouneil read a letter which he had received from Sir fhsmas Sder, who ? now on a visit to the old country. The letter was written from Treame, Ayrshire, on July 14, and Bir Thomas Elder, after expressing his pleasure at hearing of the ?ttetion of the dam, catered to the proposal of tbe wmwiation to eoattract an esplanade on tbe bit hand side of the City Bridge-road, and ?aid he thought the owmnton might be made a fitting one for presenting tbe council with a rotunda or band stand. He stated that he had ordered a rotunda to be made and sent out to the colony, and he asked thecousefl to accept it a* a mark of bis appreciation of tbe improvements tiny had carried out and his interest in the city. It will be remembered that an effort was made by His Worship the Mayor last season to raise funds for tbe election of a rotunda, but that the attempt was unsuccessful, and the hi&dsome; gift of flhr Thomas Oder is most happily chosen. Xbe members of *he oosbmS expressed tbear high appreciation of the offer made, aad on the motion of Oonnrillor Baik a vote of thanks was passed to Sir Thomas Elder. The plan, sections, and estimate of the proposed railway from Adelaide to Willunga were laid before the House of Assembly by the CUef Secretary on Wednesday, August 17. The following estimate of a line via Goodwood, Marino, and Happy Valley was prepared by the ' SDgmeer-m-OhieC (Mr. Mai?) : —Leagth, 39 m?es 5 chains; gauge, & fact 3 inahea; preokni- B?^ survey. £350. or £& 19s. Bd, per mile; Uod eompeasation and severance, £3L&10\. or £888 18s. 7d. per mile ; rlcarinj or grubbing, £140 Bs.. or £4 os,?d. per mile; fencing. £19,860, or £28fi 3s. 9d. per mile; earthworks. £59,330185. BdU. or £1^93 lls. ss. per mue; bridges.cul verts, and crossings, £434* 7a., or £LS?IS?. 3d. per mile; permanent way, £101,923125. ?d, or £2.963 19s. per mile; station, indnding sidings, office buildings, goods, and locomotive abeds, water supply, reajdenw, Jco, £ 1L695, or jCU?9Ss.9d.per mile; rolling stock. £54^80, et s\LSOS 4s. Id. per mile; engineering and ?uperviskn, £11^38010s. ?d,or £295 9s. 91. per mve; permanent survey, £1,051 17s. dd, or £30 per mile; maintenance for one year, £5,437 7s. fid., or £165125. lid. per mile;contingencies, £3?^BJ Is. 7i, or £V 333 la. sd. per mile. Gimud t0ta1,£388443185.; total per mile, £1L3?3155. lid. By utilising tbe Holdfast Bay rail way the length of tie above line will be reduced to 32 miles 60 chains, and the eoet reduced by £13^50, making the total cat of construction by using tile above line £386,092. Messrs. H. J. Wicksteed & Co. sold 'at Port Adelaide on Weaoetdayi August 17, the whole of tbe property of the Port Adelaide and Aiberton Tramway Oompany. It included be sides tbe permanent way add two tramcaw, a steam motor, with a quantity of new fittings, a block of land at Albert Park, and the stabling and other buildings erected thereon. There wss a good attendance at the sale, but the property only realised £1,325. or lew than one-*ixth ot its cost. Messrs. W. E. Cave & Co. were the purchasers. The Ycrket Peninsula Adcertiuy states that there are now "between 1,300 and 1,4U0 persons employed at the Moonta Mines, and that the contract system has placed the men in an altogether different position relatively to the officers of the mine. In the sense of being their own employers, under a contrast into which they have entered with the representative of the company, they hold a more indepen dent position than formerly, and they have more largely to rely upon their own judgment and mining skill. Of course many of them are liable to mske bad bargains, not having the re quisite ability, or perhaps because of an alto gether different daw of ground presenting itself in tbe workings, or from many sthercauses well known to miners; but we hear from the superin tendent, Mr. H. B. Hancock, J.P., that the average wage throughout the mine is ataut £2 per week. Whether this includes the salsriei of the higher officiate we do not know; but of courte it is to be-easily perceived that— the average wage bsing £2 per week—if one miner gets £3 per week under his contract, eitter one other man is getting only £1 or two other men each 30s per week to make op the average level. £3. Under this state of things it may ba quite poskifele that a man earning £3 per week I nay also ham his son, or even two sons with him in the mines, and ttin unwi iwriiim.ii l~n ffl i or £9 per week; hot it is equally possible that a man wto is earning only tha 80s. per week ? may be blessed with a quiverfull of youag ] eii&ren; who can do nothing towards helping to fill the family brc&dbaekev;, aad ia eaca a ; ewe as this the poor fellow knows what ?hard timee' mean. Under the old system such a man would, aa a surface hand or tutworker, get the ranniag all-round wage; but under the oentzaet ayatem the responsibility of earning hia money rests on his own ahonldera and upon his good fortune. It may be added that it v pretty generally nnder atnod that the heavy liability ao long resting upon the Moonta Mines ia now nearly liquidated, and if copper went np to a fair price, ioctead of being equal to £56 per ton at the mines, aa at present, the good time could oome for which we have co long been watching and waiting." Writing with reference to the Wallaroo Mines, the same paper sajs:—"This old and world renowned enterprise now keeps 500 men em ployed, whose average wage reaches £2 per week. It is producing a large quantity of the cupriferous treasure, and paying its way at the very least, if not relieving itself of same of the financial burthens with which it has unfor tunately been so severely handicapped. A new departure is just now being made, the large steamer Skyro—one of the Black Diamond line —taking 1,200 tons of 9 per cent, ore direct to the furnaces at Warratah, New South Wales." Gold reefing in the neighborhood of Eehusga and Hahndorf is, we are informed, going on satisfactorily. On the old Kangaroo Mine a new discovery of a promising kind hoe been made, and rich stone is being got from a leader about 18 inches thick. A letter has been sent from Eehunga stating that the writer had just seen two ounces of gold washed from two dishes of stuff from Warland's claim; also a very good prospect fmm a new shaft on the Eehunga Company's claims. A meeting of shareholders in the To mi and Country Bank took place at the Arbitratian room, New KTchange, Pjrie-atreet. on Monday afternoon, August 29. There were about 160 shareholders present, and the Hon. W. O. Baik, M.L.O. (one of the promoters) presided. The meeting was called for the purpose of consider ing the deed of settlement and electing direc tors. Thechairman said the deed had been gone through by the promoters. With a very few alight exceptions the deed was the same as that of the Commercial Bank, which had been ! one of the most approved yet issued. The I names of gentlemen eligible for election to the position of directors were then read by the sec retary (Mr. W. D. Clyde), the qualification for directorship being fixed a* the possession of 300 khans. A number of gentlemen were then nominated for election as directors, and the ballot was proceeded with. It was determined that the number of the directors should be five. The solicitor (Mr. Stock) next read such of the articles of a-ociation as differed from those of the Ornnmwwial Bank, and these were with one amendment agreed1 to. It was provided in the rales th?t three months or more should elapse between the making of one call and the next; that after the issue of the first 60,000 states there should be no farther issue by the director* without the sanction of the share holders ; that the remuneration of the directors should he £500 per annum; and that the auditors should have the power to call for any particular account, and to ascertain how the valneof the account, either debit or credit, as the case might be, was made np. The solicitor \- pointed out that unusual powers were given to the auditors in order to thoroughly protect the shareholders and the directors as well. A motion was submitted by Mr. O. H. Matters, that there should be monthly audits, but it wai not seconded. The chairman, in answer to a question, stated that then were 45^ 15 shares taken np in the bank. The balloting for directors, which lasted for about aa hoar and a half, resulted aa follows:—Mr. 8. D. djde.JP, 23J830 votes; Mr. T. Good, 21,815 i Mr. J. Love, 20,885 j Mr. 3. Wnite, J.P.. 20,805;Mr. >.Krichaiiff.MJ>^ 17.760; Hon. W. O. Bulk, 7,085; Mr. WOcax, 1,780; Mr. J. W.A.8udb01*,3.025. She first fin gentlemen named were elected. The election for auditors resulted as follows.—Mr. W. J. Oldham, 17.%U votes; Mr. H. D. O'Hallotan. 10555; Mr. W. L. Ware,9joao; Mr. J.Harvey, 7.410; Mr.Jas.S. Soots, $£50. Messrs. Oidbam and O'HaUotan were elected. The twentieth annual meeting of share holders in the South AnatraHan Gas Oompany was held at the Exchange Arbitration-room on Monday nwrr'i'g. Bir H. Ayan (chairman of directors) presided. There waa a fair attendance of shareholders. The ta*de account for the past year abowed a profit of £11,477 l*?.sd, after placing £1/300 to tbe reserve fond, 4085 Bs. Sd. to replace gas-fittings, sad £650 to the meter fund. From this profit the directors paid aa intetim dividend iaVabraary iest,?atd isnpuasd paying ? fattier dividend on the 87.750 old shares, at 6s. each, and on tbe sVttQ new issue, at ss. Bd. per share, which win leave a bsiaitce of profit carried to the current year of £109 17s. Bd. The report was adopted. The chair* man, in moving the adoption of the repart, Etated that the past year had been one of the most successful the company had had, aud h? expressed the opinion that there was not the slightest reason for the fear that the eleesris light would supersede gas, and that the eleetri: light would only be used for purposes to which gas was not adapted. The following is the report read and adopted at Urn half yearly meeting of the Ade laide Cooperative Society:—"Tour committee have much pleasure in being able to report the successful termination of another period ia the aoeiety's history. The past six months bears a favorable comparison to asy of its node seams, in fact, I may say. mate so, for the number of persons joining the society exceeds tbe number joining at any former period, and exceeds the somber joining in the correspond ing period last year by tbirtf-one. The amount ol goods add, leaving; out the bakery account, is £lfjtv4,aeai??t£lMBL?B?wiag an increase in trade of £2,613 against the corresponding period of last year. Capital is also rapidly insnuing, having jumped Treat £8,05* last year to at present £10,197. or £2,741 increase, and £ 1,710 increase on last half—a proof, we may pre sume, of confidence in the principles and stability of the society, and a proof also of tbe necessity of moniheis wisely exercising their privuege* of electing as their representatives men of intelligence and capacity. Tbe loan capital does not show any particular increase, and I may say that your committee have in structed the secretary to notify the holders of beads that their money will be repaid unless they consent to let it remain at a less rate of interest, say 6 per cent., as the committee will be enabled directly to get what money they may require at that or even a lass rate. In the cash account ia included tbe item drapery, £3411. The members will understand that tbe shoemaker's account is included in this, and from a statement I have from the secretary we fixd the value of tbe work done U £195. Your committee feel that a little more support from the members to this department would not be amiss. However, I may say there is .a balance profit of £34 19*. sd. A new item in the balance-sheet is that of the bakery, and your committee have also the pleatum to announce that so far as we have gone a profit has been realised. She period embraces under nine weeks, and the result would have been more favorable but that we were burning firewood for two or three weeks before starting to get the ovens seasoned. Flour is ruing, but up to the prevent we have kept the bread at 3d. A profit of £28 6i. 3d. has been realised. This account, in consequence of increased capital and increased trade, your com mittee have taken steps to meet the same by increased facilities. They have therefore deter mined upon the erection of additional premises, plans for which they have had prepared. I may say also that notice his been given to the Port members to discontinue deufering there on account of the distance, wear and tear, and on sequent additional expense Being dispropor tionate to tbe amount of trade done." The half-yearly meeting of the Adelaide and Suburban Tramway Oompany was held on Friday, when dividends of ss. per share on shares Hot. 1 to 13,000. and 0d per siar? on the tew fecue were declared. The affairs of the com pany were reported to be in a flourishing con dition, and ft was stated that the traffic had assumed very large proportions. During the half-year ended July 31, no less than 1,57 M?J passengers bad been carried, this being an in crease over tbe previous half-year of 85,037. The reports and halation-sheet were adopted. Tbe retiring direetan, the Hon. W. O. Baik. MX.o.,ac and Messrs. W. S. Donglaa and H. Stodart ware re elected auditors. At an extraordinary general meeting of shareholders in the South Australian Coffee Tavern Oompsny, held at the Pioneer Coffee Tavern, Hindley-etreet, on Friday, Augnst 19, it wss repotted by thechairman, Mr. M. H. Madge. that tbe lease of tbe tavern had been transferred to Mr. AddUo?, the late manager, for the sum of £225. It was reeolved that the company should be wound up, aud Mr. O. T. Lane, the tecretary, was appointed liquidator. The conference of representatives of the various denominations to discuss the subject of Bible teaching in the public schools, met on Monday, August 22, at the Church Office, Leigh street. All denominations weze invited to send delegates. The Unitarians alone declined; the Boman Catholics did notreply to the invitation; vbe Bible Cbristains explained that their con feience woufd Dot sit till October; the Germ in Lutheran Church havi?g their own schools in which religion is taught, did not take psrt ia tbe movement. All the other denominations appointed represe?ta'ives, but tbe Primitive Methodists, by come oversight, had omitted to forward the names of their delegates to the convener. They passed the following resolu tions on the 11th July:—l. That we approve of Bible reading in Government schools. 2. That the Key. ?i. G. Wright and Mr. Tbomts Parker repiese&t; our executive at the meeting to be held to consider the question. Apologies for unavoidable absence ware received from the Bey. John Maebean, Ohureh of Scotland, and Mr. V. Chappie, headmaster of Prince Alfred College, both of whom expressed aetrong opinion in favor of Bibleteaebing being made part of the wdiflary ectocl courte by the Government. The conference was opened by prayer by the Bey. James Iffall. After a three hours'discus sion a motion, proposed by the Bey. Silas Mead, and seconded by the Bey. H. Hussey, was earned by a majority of twelve to four that a "society should be formed with the object of securing systematic Bible reading and teaching i during school hours in the State schools.'' An amendment, moved by the Bey. James Lyall, and seconded by Mr. Bobson, to limit the above object to hours outside the school day, was un supported except by the mover aad seconder. The direct negative was supported by the Bey. A. T. Boat, Hr. M. J. Solomon, the Bey. T. Hope, and the Bey. J. Ziyall. It was made quite clear that tbe majority did not desire to introduce teaching to compel teachers to give religious instruction against their will, nor to enforce the attendance of children whose parents had any conscientious scruples on tbe subject. A sub-committee of seven was appointed to carry out the resolution, on the motion of the Bey. Sflas Mead, consist ing of tbe mover, the Venerable Archdeacon Fair, the Bey. Morgan ZJoyd, the Bey. H. T. Burgess, the Bey. T. J. Gore, the Bey. H. Hussey, and Major Fergusson. A meeting convened by Hia Worship the Major to consider what steps should be taken hi this colony for the telief of the distress among the Jews in Southern Russia was held in thcCouneil Chamber, Town Hall, on Friday, Augtutl9. There were about thirty gentlemen present, including representatives of several religious denominations, two members of the Ministry, and a number of our Jewish fellow citisens. His Excellency tbe Governor, the Anglican and R several other gentlemen sent analogies for non -1 attendance. The chair was occupied by His i Worship the Mayor, who in the course of his ! speech expressed strong sympathy with the | Buasian Jews in their sufferings, and a I hope that the present movement would 'be warmly taken up by the public. A ; number of resolutions were agreed to by ! the meeting, and a fund to be called i?? The Bussia Jewish Belief Fund" was formally established, and a strong committee appointed. ilt was stated that about £300 had already been subscribed and that the funds would be seat to a large firm at home, who have a branch of their business in Southern Bussia, for distribution. j The press of'the colony was warmly thanked for calling attention to the distress now exist | ing among tie Jews in Bussia, and for its liberal advocacy of the cause of humanity in this matter. On Saturday afternoon, August 20, His Worship the Major of Dnley, Mr. William TownseDd, M.P., laid the foundation atone of the Adelaide Bje Infirmary about to be erected byDr.Joyoe. The building is already raised to a height of several feet, and is situated just outside the South Park Lands, near the South Park football ground, which it will face when | completed, and will be a very handsome struc ture. The fallowing is a description of the Infirmary:—Tbe building will consist of a centre and two wings, connected with a central tower, 70 feet high, by arcades, which will form a cool and substantial prome nade. The style of architecture is Gothic, with brown freestone dressings, and white i freestone wall-facing in ashlar courses. : The gable terminations of the wioga have enriched finals, and the windows traoeried heads; enrinhfd corbel tables run under tbe eaves. Bsch wing has a porch 12 feet xlO feet laid with tiles and fitted up with seats. Knter ing tbe front door one finds a waiting hall IS x IS, with visiting surgeons' room aad ophthal moscontc room on the one aide and two rooms for the matron on the other, each IS x IS. Passing through swing vestibule doors from the waiting h*!! a hff'gilr'"^!^ corridor 7 feat wide is reached, on the other aide of which are kit chen, 17 x 16, with huge range and circulating boiler for hot water supply to the baths and | lavatories; scullery, 16 x ll; servery, 12x 8, with lift to serve dining-rooms on first fioor, pantsiss, servant*' roo*a, eetiarage, fee. Two passages, with the staboasns for each sex in same, are situated between the centre build ing and the winga. The east wing consists of a i large waiting room for outdoor patients, 43 x 80, ! with dispensary and store at one esd, the ophthalmosoopic or dark room opens from this. The western wing is divided into suites of rooms with baths, 4c, for private patients. All these rooms are 14 fast Ugh. On tbe first floor of each wing ia a dormitory for thirteen beds, with baths, lavatories, Jm, over the parches, and nurses rooms at ends. A dark ward is pro i Tided for each sex, 19 x 12; also separata dining ?rooms, 17 x 16. with eervery i between for service tram below, fitted up 1 ?jth sinks, &c;^ and fittings for china. The centre room on first floor in front, coming out to Hie front of the tower, 95 x It, is the operating theatre, with two rooms on each aide to be used aa wards. Above the operating theatre on tbe third floor is a smoking-room. All tbe rooms are 15 rest high. Flues under each window allow the fresh air to enter the tbe rooms, and the outlets for fool air are in the ceiling. The roof is covered with boo, and into chimneys are octagonal in form. Tbesepacation cf tbe sexes is very complete. Then are over two acres of land wmnarted with tbe institu tion, one acre of whfcb is fenced, mid one, aad planted with trees, *c, for a garden. Ia front of the building will be a dwarf wall, with massive iron railings. Provision is also made for patients who wish to nave private rooms and attendance. Tbe works are beW carried out by Mr. O. Fisher, at a cost of over £3.500, under the superintendence of Messrs. Snglish & Soward as architect!!. The founder of tha institution is Dr. John F. Joyce, LJLO.P., CJLOJ9. Kdin. The scene of tbeeeremony was gaily ornamented with boating. About 3 o'clock the company ateended the platform. Dr. Joyce said it had been suggested that be snould men tion some of the reasons that urged him to erect aa institution of that kind. They all knew that diseases of the eye were vtry prevalent in this colony, and prapk wbo lived many miles bom a medical man bad great difficulties in obtaining treatment. Many of these would come to Adelaide but for the great expense attending their visit, sush as board, fees for medical attendance, ko., waich meant in most eases a matter of several pounds. Tbue were many who were not in a posraon to do thif, but could pay moderate fees without throwkg themselves on the charity of tbe Government. Taking these facts into consider ation he thought that if he. Dr. Joyce, could secure a buikung suitable for the purpose he wonld give hi* service* gratuitously, ana would make charges only just sufficient to cover work ing expenses. Witn this idea in view be issued circulars asking the public to subscribe £3.090, atd stating that he himself was willing to sub scribe another £1,000. Tbe money was to be spent in the erection ot an eye infirmary, and in the form of treatment. He fixed the fees at two guineas per week for indoor patients, this sum including ?nxHi??i attendance, food, medi cine, &c.; and 12s. 6d. per week for oat door patients, this included medical attendance and medicine. A few gentlemen answered the circulars, but stated that they wished to have tbe ma?sgemefit of the institutisu themselves, and if this request was acceded to they would subscribe. He (the speaker) offered to put tbe building under a deed of trust. They then said *? It would be simply putting up a building for your etpeeial benefit." Be (Dr. Joyce) then answered that if that was tbe light they looked at it in be would try to erect it himself. H?ving pledged himself to the public he did not tike to let the matter lapse or sink into oblivion. He thought he would be able to raise a loan to ere.it tbe building, and in course of time tbe public would ccc the advantage of it and come forward and support it. Dr. Joyce then read a list of the ptnoos who had forwarded contributions, and mentioned that the building when completed wtuld ccst fully £10,100, and would be an orua- Kent to tbe town of Unley. Mr. Tawntend then laid tbe stone. On Sunday afternoon, Aup-ust '21, a cere mcr>j inttrestiDg to most people and of thegreatest importance to our ttomau Catholic fellow colcci?tn was performed mX St. Francis Xavier's Cithcdnl, when Dr. J. M.Gunsoa, who has for tbe last twenty.five tears been ? most promi cent and active member of the Boman Catholic Church iv this province, was solemnly in stallid as a Knight of the Order of St. Giegory the Great. About two months ago, when replyiug to an address of welcome which wss presented to him on his return from a visit to Borne and Great Britain, His Lotdship the Bishop, Dr. Reynolds, stated that His Holiness the Pope had manifested the most affectionate interest in his people in South Australia, and that his blessing bad not betn confined to words; that at his lordship's request His Holiness had nominated Dr. G union, who had been such a faithful servant of the church for over a quarter of a oeoturp, a Kni?ht of the Order of St. Gregory* toe Great. He then impressed upon these present the high character of the distinction conferred, ana ite value as a proof that Hia Holiness in the midst of all his cares was not unmindful of his children in this colony. It msy be mentioned that the order has up to tbe present time been conferred on only fifty-one gentlemen, and that besides Dr. Gunson, who is the farty-nuith reci pient, there are but four other gentlemen in tbe cotoiiies who enjoy the distinctiou. A large number of persons assembled in the Cathedral to witness the ceremonial, which on the whole was of a very imposing chataoter. A few of tbe front seats were reserved for the members of the Hibernian Society, a number of whom appeared in regalia, and Mrs. Gunson and one of her sons were accommodated with chairs. Dr Qu?fon, who was seated nearly opposite the Bishop's throne, was attended by Mr. Malcolm H. Davies as squire, and his sons John and Wm.Guntou as pages. At 3 o'clock His Lord ship the Bishop accompanied by the Very Rev. Vicar-General and a number of other members of the clergy, and attended by the Bey. Fathers Boper and Ooonan as ministers, proceeded to the alter, the choir sing ing " Laudate pueji domine." His Lordship took his seat on his throne, and was vested prepara tory to tile installation. He then took his seat in front of the altar, and the declaration of PopeLco iJJI, cresting Dr.Giwson a Kcigbtof St. Gregory the Great, was read by Father Soper. Tbe sword was blessed by His Lordship, and prayecs were recited asking that the wearer of the sword might have strength and courage in the defence of faith and justice; that he might have an increase of faith, of hope, and of charity; and that he might not unjustly injure any one, but always defend that which waa just and right and faithfully fulfil his duty. The sword was then sprinkled with holy water, and His Lordship gave the sword unsheathed to the Knight, and said, "Beoeive this sword in tbe name of the Father, of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, and use it in thy own defence, and hi the defence of the Catholic church, for tbe confusion of the enemies of the Cross of Christ, and of the enemies of the Christian Faith; and, aa far as human frailty will permit, unjustly, injure no man with it —which may He grant, who with the Father and the Holy Ghost lives and reigns, God for ever and ever." Keplacing the sword in the scabbard His Lorkship girt it on tbe knight, sating, "Gird thy loins rightly with this thy sword and know that tbe Saints, not by ?word, but by faith, vanquished kingdoms." The cross of the order was then fixed on tbe breast of the Knight, and he having made three passes with the sword and wiped it on his lefc arm, His Lordship gave him the kiss of peace, saying, "Peace be with thee." Taking the sword in his right hand, Hi* Lordship thrice gave the Knigbt the accolade, saying, "Be a peace ful Knight; firm, faithful, and devoted to God;" and afterwards, ?Arise from the slumber of unrighteousness, be watchful in the faith of Christ, and be of good repute." After some further devotional exercise His Lordship resumed his seat on his throne, the Knigbt being seated on his right hand, and the Very Bey. Prior Butler preached a discourse, which was listened to with tbe greatest attention. Mr. William Parkin, J.P., of Plympton, attained bis eightieth year on Wednesday, August 24, and on the afternoon of that day the governors of the Parkin Trust—an institution which was founded by Mr. Parkin a few years ago for tbe training and maintenance of students for the Congregational ministry—pre sented an address of congratulation to him on the interesting event in his history. There were present—The Bey. O. Mmn thorpe, and Messrs. K. Searle, B. Stuckey, and J. F. Oonigrave, who with Mr. Parkin himself, tbe Key. W.B.Fietcber,aad tbe Hon. W.O.Buik, are the governors of the trust. Mr. Mauthorpe briefly referred to the great liberality of Mr. Parkin in founding tbe trust, and the inn"i>"— benefit which the institution would prove to be in future years in supply ing means for training young men for the ministry of the Congregational Ohureh. He congratulated Mr. Parkin on attaining so advanced a term of years, and particularly upon maintaining ao bale aad hearty an appearance. The address, which was aeatiy engrossed on vellum by Mr. W.G.P. Joyner.wat aa follows: —-Adelaide, August 84, 1881. To William Parkin, Esq. J.P., Plympton. Dear Sir- We very sincerely congratulate you on attaining your eightieth year of age. It is ftvaatj com paratively few persons to reach so f all a term of yean, and to a still smaller numW to retain such a measure of physical aad mental atrength aa we are pleased to know you possess. We feel privileged in being the medium of convey ing to ao hale and hearty an octogenarian nst only our own congratulations but also tbe kind wishes of a very large circle of your friends and acquaintances, wbo we are all sure would willingly have joined in this expression of feel ing towards you, bad opportunity offend to them to do so. May your deolining years be calm, peaceful, aad bright, and at even tide may there be light. It seems appropriate on an occasion like this to specially refer to that institution which has been founded by your hraafiopiwi, and of which we, with yourself, act as governors. The Parkia Trust is aa institution to provide for the mamteaamw and education of students for the ministry of Oongregatioaal Oharebes, and was founded by you in 1876 by a gift of money and land esti mated at £10,000—£8.000 in cash, aad £tf)O0 estimated value of land in the Northern Terri tory, with reversionary intereste in your estate of a very valuable nature. This fund baa been gradually aeoumulatmg, but as yoa have pro vided in tbe trust deed that tbe land shall not be available uotfl tbe income reaches £1,000 per annum, the benefits ot your munificence eaaaet ba rmiasdlstaly assured. We hope, however, that in tbe course of three or tour yean tbe trust will become operative far the purposes provided, and when, this .b the ease we feel convinced that tbe churches of our own order in this province will have abundant aaase for Tlrnlfnlnnss that your Christian foresight and liberality tod you to establish aa institution which will always stand as a moan meat of tbe generosity and sagacity of Ite founder. Tbe conviction is being man end mere forced upon thechnreba* that they mutt largely rely upon a aative-traiaad awnistry instead of depending upon supplies from stag* !aadoreisewtore,a?d?uebaamstitatiaaesthe Parkin Trust will provide tbe mesas of regu larly sustaining and training students for the work of the Christian ministry. The heats ot the institution has, as yon know, been recently broadened in directions which will still furtbei make the trust a blessing to minister* and churches of tbe Congregational order in this laud. Alterations which have recently been made in the trust deed pro vide that any income exceeding £1,000 per annum may at the discretion of the governors be apportioned—oae moiety towards the assist ance of aged, infirm, or incapacitated mieistan, end the relief of tbe widows and orehaaa of she minister* of Ooogregatioasl churches, aad tbe other moiety towards building Oongregatioaal ehurcbes aad chapels in this province. These amendments will place all the Oongregatiooal churches of this land under a deep debt of gratitude to you; a deb; the extent of which cannot be fully realized for yean to come. We gratefully acknowledge the inestim able services which yenr liberality has rendered to the cause of Christ iv this province, and our gratitude intensifies the feelings ot personal esteem with which once again we tender to you our hearty congratulations an this memorable day in voor history. Wishing you and Mrs Parkia ever* temporal and spiritual blessing, and commending you to the tender care of our Heavenly Father—We remain yours very sincerely (signed by the governors.) "The Lord bless thee and keep thee; the Lord make Hia face to shine upon thee aud be gracious auto thee; the Lord lift up His countenance opoo thee and give thee peace.'" Mr. Parkin feelingly replied to the address, aad warmly thanked the governors for the kind expression of personal esteem for himself. He was grateful that he had been blessed with means which placed it in his power to found this institution, and prajed God that He would make the insti tution an abundant blessing in tbe land. The annual prize meeting of the South Australian National Bifle Awooia tion was commenced on Tuesday, August 16, at the new Bmithfield ranges. The weather wss unpleasant during the morning, but turned out fine in tbe afternoon. The attendance of competitor* was very huge indeed, and far ex ceeded that of former years, there being about 160 seen on tbe ground, while in tbe company match no fewer than nineteen companies took part The prise, after a very dose contest, feil to Areas No. 1 Company with an aggregate score ot 809, Kedhill being second with 506, and Blytb third with 502. Lieutenant Oaitiae tied with Lieutenant Keally for the highest individual aggregate soon, but tbe latter, having made a miss, had to take second prize. The only competition completed ou the second day was that for Lieut.-001. Lovely* price, which fell to the Areas No. 1 Company, with a total aggregate of 080, Strathalbyn being second with 618. and Bedfaili third with 643. The two first prises for tbe highest individual aggregate scores fell to Private Smith (Adelaide No. 1) 113, and Private Gepp (Yorke'a Peninsula No. 1) 143, wtile Privates Forrester < Areas Ho. 1) M, and Smith (BJyth) 141, and Sergeant Tolley (Port Adelaide) 14(1, secured the remaining prises. On Thursday tbe abort range match waa clot*ly contested, and tbe first few scores were creditable. Private Williams (Port Pine). 93. wss first; Private Milne (Blytb), 92. second; and Private Wedd (Jamestown), SO, third. The meet iv g was continued Jon Friday, when the shooting at the leng ranges was vtry fair, some high scores being obtained in the Long Range match. This event waa won by Captain Forrest, of Pert Wakefieid, with a total of 73; Private Wills (Port Pirie),7B; Lieutenant Keally (Awae No. 1), 71; and Lieutenant -Colonel Lorely (S A,N.BJL),6?, being aesond, third, and fourth respectively. The Munno Para Diitrut Medal, value £10 10*, was appropriated by Private Forrester (Areas No. 1), with a score of 69; Sergeant lUynolds (Kedhill), 58; and Surgeon Hay ward (Blvettoo), 58, being second and third respectively. The meeting was brought to a successful termination on Saturday, August 20, when the shooting at the final raoges iv the Championship match was completed. After a very close eanseat, Private Peltou.of tbe Kivertou Company, won the Champion Medal with the good total of 157. Private Forrester, who won this price last year, scored only 126. The match for the Nursery Stakes was also completed. The weather was uaeerG?ia, showers of rain and a strong wind militating sgaiest tall scoring. The prises were afterwards distributed in the Town Hall by Hia?tcalleacy tbe Governor, who expressed his pleasure at the progress the as?oeiat^oa bad made and the hope that the members would continue to improve and make the Volunteer Force of South Aus tralia unequalled for seal and efficiency. The acting- police commissioner's felony and ;mudenKanor returns for the half year ended 30th June, 1881, are published in the Government Gazette without oom jnett. Daring the half-year there were 6.064 o&enoes; committed, showing an increase of 147 as compared with tbe last six months of 1860\. There were SOS persons committed for trial; summarily convicted, 4,441; discharged, 60S. The apprehensions numbered 5,157, againtt 5,303 in the half-jear ended 31it De cember, 1680. From this it may be inferred that the increase has been ia fester clfeaoes. In drunkenness, however, there is a desreaw of nearly a hundred cases. The principal increase has been in indecency of various kinds, vaga bondage, Bon- compliance with magistrates' order*, and other breaches of the law not amounting or approaching in gravity to felony. At a meeting of the Executive Council, at which His Honor the Chief Justice waa pre sent, the case of John Marovitch, who was sen tenced to death at the last Criminal Sit tings of the Supreme Court for the murder of his wife at Port Augusta, was taken into consideration. The recommendation to mercy by the jury and other circumstances having been duly weighed, it was decided that the punishment should be commuted to a sen tence of imprisonment for life. Mr. Smith, of Russell & Co., contractors, was returning on horseback from lUli Itali on the night of August 85 when he was attacked by two ruffians between Willochra Creek and Erase, a quarter of a mile from the railway camp. Oae man caught the reins, and Mr. Smith being un able to getaway, got off his horse to compel tbe fellow to leave go. His money was deminled, and be was knocked down. Being a powerful man a most desperate struggle took place, but he wai[eventuftUy o verpo iverad, thro wo, and badly cnt, his windpipe being cut half through. All his loose money wae taken, but a cheque for £79 was left in his pocket. The horse was seen at the camp next morning, aud a search was made by some of tile men, who came up to him just as he had been discovered by a shepherd. Mr. Smith, who had been exposed all night to the wet aud odd, waa immediately taken to Wilmington, where he now liei in a pre carious condition, under the care of Dr. Addisoa. He is unable to speak, but sometimes collects his thoughts a little and writes them in broken sentences. Trooper Panton has obtained all the information possible and forwarded it to the Quorn police. Mr. Smith being highly-esteemed, the painful circumstance has cast quite a gloom over the district. He has given a description of the men which will, perhaps, help the police to find them. In our obituary column has been recorded the death of the Rev. R. W. Thomson, who, though he led a secluded life in this colony, was admired by not a few persons for his rare talents, and was gifted with qualities that won for him warm friends wherever he was known. On Friday his remains were interred in the West-terrace Cemetery. A service was first conducted by the Rev. J. H. Angus, at the Flinders-street Presbyterian Church, and about 3 o'clock the funeral cortege left the church for the cemetery, where the Rev. J. Lyall officiated. Around the grave we noticed among others, the Rev. D. O'Donnell, Dr. Robertson, Messrs. J. W. Tyas, John Gardiner, T. S. Osrey, J. L. Bonython. J.P., J. P. Stow, J.P., E. W. Webb, J. Tasker, T. Osborne, sen., — Osborn, jun., J. B. Moffatt, J. H. Boykett, and H. Prince. The deceased gentleman has been fer some three years an able and ac- ceptable contributor to the columns of this journal. His articles have been remarkable for freshness, geniality of criticism, and an elo- quence peculiarly his own. In private life Mr. Thomson waa unostentatious, frank, aad plea sant, a cheery companion to the healthful, and to tLe grief-stricken aad suffering a most con solatory and helpful sympathiser. With sorrowful solicitude his friends have anxiously watched his own painful aad lingering illness, which culminated in his death at a compara tively early age. As a preacher the late Mr. Thomson was real)/ of a high order. Toe charm alike of matter and manner was un doubted. Those who nave had the satisfaction of bearing him preach ia his beloved kirk at Kirn, a beautiful watering-place on a delightful part of the Clyde, cannot soon forget the impression made apoa them. In this colony Mr. Thomson has also preached in several churches with great aocepssnnc. Prerioottohu ministrations at Kirn be waa assistant to the Bey. Dr. King, in London. Mr. Thomson's career at Sdinburgh University, where in his time our present celonial surgeon was also a dis tinguished prizeman, and his snbseqnent position in a leading academy at Bath, give ample ptoef of ma attainments as a tffholftr. Mr. Thomson was a minister of tbe United Presbyterian Ohureh, and his many friends among the membaw of that communion in Scotland wQI lament his death. Our obituary records the death of Mr. Jno. Thomas Dyke, a colonist of 41 years' standing, at the age of 66. The deceased gentleman arrived in the colony by the Lalla Rookh in 1840, and formerly kept the Freemasons' and Royal Admiral Hotels, but far the last twenty- two years he had been in the service of the telegraph department. For twelve years he held the position of telegraph stationmaster at Victor Harbor. The late Mr.Dyke was one of the founders of the Druids' Lodge in this colony, and was also prominent Freemason, Forester, and Oddfellow. A few weeka ago we chronicled the death of Mrs. Barritt, which occurred somewhat sud denly at her residence m Lyndoch Valley. On Wednesday, Augnet 17. at 4 o'clock ajn., her husband also died after a abort illness. Da ccoted, wbo was nearly oS years of age was an oueolcnist, and had been a resident of Oawler and Lyndoeh Valley for over thirty years. He had acquired considerable property, and the faoaoreble petition of J.P. Mr. Bstritt was almost totally blind. BIRTHS. MARRIAGES, and DEATHS. BIRTHS. BROCK.—On the 22nd August, at Queens town, the wife of T. A. Brack, of a son. OATFORD.—Oo the list August, at Appilt- Yarrowie, the wife of Bdward Oatford, of a son. COWELL.—On the 16th August, at Kent terrace, Norwood, tbe wife of J. \Y. Co well, of a son. DOSWELL.-On the 18th August, at Ooer tin, GilbertoD, the wife of Morris Doswell, of a ton. DURIEU.—On the 7th August, the wife of W. F. Durisn, Carriagton-street, of a son. FISHER.—On 18th of August, at Priuoe ttreet, Groydea, tbe wife of Isaac A. Fiaher of a daughter. Both doing well. FOULIS.—On the 18th August, at &nith; field, tha wife of G. Foulu, of a son. GORDON.—On the 9th August, at Kilkerran, the wife of J. S. Gordon, of a daughter. HOWLETT.—On the 17th August, at Mel bounje-stxeet. North Adelaide, the wife of J. W. Howlett, of a son. HUTCHINSON.—On the 16th August, at Clifton-street. Maylands, the wife of Peter HuichinsoD, of adaughttr. LONERGAN. —On the 18th August, at Gleoelg, the wife of Mr. T. Loaergaa, of a daughter. MAHONY.—On the 21st August, at the residence of her husband, 5, Botaaic-terraee, tbe wife of Dr. E. A. Mabony, ot a eon. MOULDEN.—On the 17th August, at Wert bury. Upper Kensington, the wife of Bsyfield Moulden, of a son. MYERS.—On the 17th August, at Moonta- street, the wife of Chas. Myers, of a daughter, OATS.—On the Stnd August, at Oondotrie, the wife of J. M. Oats, of a daughter. BoM doing well. PARKER.—On the 22nd August, at Siuth tetrace, tbe wife of Edwin T. Parker of a sou. Both doing well. PICKHAVER.-Ou tbe 22ad Mellor'e-road, Glaaville, Mrs. G. P.: a son. Both doing well. RABBISH.—On the 11th August, at WatUe Giove Cottage, the wife of William Thomas Rabbish, of a son. SANDFORD. — On the 17th August, at Catsell Cottage, Gilles-street, the wife ot A. Wallace Ssndford, tf a daughter. SWANSON.—On the 17th August, at Gienfell-street east. Adelaide, the wife of Win W. Swansea, of a son. Both doing well. TARDIF.—On tbe 15th August, at Edith bursb, the wife of John Tardif, of a daughter. TEMPLER.—On the 24th August, at Dare Cottage, Tynte- stieet, North Adelaide, the wife of Frederick Tempter, of a son. Bosh doing well. THOMAS.—At her residence, Gulnare, the wife of C. A. Thorns*, of a son. Both doing well. . TOPPERWIEN.-On tbe 19th August, at Aberdeen, the wife of Adoiph G. Topper wlcn, of a son. WISEMAN.—On the 19th August, at her residence, North-terrace, the wife of £. B. Wiwman, of a daughter. ANDERSON—COOKE.—On the 26 eh July. atChrotohoreb, North Adelaide, by Yea. Arch deacon Marryat. John Pringle Anderson to Sarah John Oooke, late of Holmer, Hereford shire. ANDERSON—COWLE.—On the24th August, at St. Peter's Cathedral, by the Bey. Dr. Dea&y;, DJ>., Jehu Fortascue Oockburn, eldest son of the Hon. £. 8. Anderson, of Melbourne, to Fioretca Emily, eldest daughter of 0. V. Co trie, of Adelaide. BADENOCH—WOODING. — On the 17th August, at Summertown, by the Bey. K. KeUey, James, third Mm of late A. Badenocb, to Sarah Jane, youngest daughter of Joseph BROUGHAM—SCOTT.— On tha 17th Au gust, at St. Thomas's Church, Port lAaejla, by tbe Rtv. James Orchard, Howard Ed ward, sesind eon of Henry Brougham, of Port Lincoln, ta jane Tinlin, eldest daughter of Samuel ooott, of Yallnna. Port Lincoln. CARR—BROUGHAM.—On the 17th August, at St. Thomas's Church, Port Lincoln, by the Bey. James Orchard, Eiohard James,seooni son of Mr. Abraham Carr, of 7arauyacka, to Agoen Mary, only daughter of Henry Brougham, of Port Lincoln. COCKRAM—GIBSON.—On the 18th August, at Appila-Yarrowie, by licence, by the Rev. D. S. Wylie, George Catford, fifth son of the late John Cockram, West Austey, Devon, England, to Mary Ann, second daughter of the late William Gibson, Allen's Creek, near Kapunda. COLE-CHAPMAN.—On the 11th August, at the Weslejan Church, Port Lincoln, by the JJev. W. Hattur, George Mitchell, eaa of Mr. G. W. Cole, of Melbourne-street, North Ade laide, to fensan Ellen, second daughter of Mr. Wo Ohapman, of Tolka. Port Lincoln. COPLEY — KLENNER. —Oq the 23rd August, by licence, at the residence of the bride's father, by the Bey. D. Badger, Enos Copley, to Maria Bertha Elenncr, both of Black Book Plain. DAVEY-ROBERTS.—On the 25th August, at the residence of the bride's parents, by licence, by the Rev. A Jones, Congregational minister, Stephen Henry, eldest son of Mr. Wm. Davey, of Kooringa, to Emily Mary, eldest daughter of Mr. E. W. Roberts, Angarton. DYER-FROST.—On the 24th August, ;by the Bey. Jas. Boberts, Thomas Dyer, second sou I of the late James Dyer, to Miss Hannah Frost, i f oDrth daughter of Samuel Frost, both of Pore EVAN—CARLIN.—On tbe Bth Augost, at Kent Town, by tbe Bey. F. W.Ooz,OadwaUader Burton, eldest eon of the late Bey. C. W.Evan, I 8.A., of Adelaide, to Edith, daughter of the late F. B. Oarlin, of Bavendale, Port Lincoln. GOODFELLOW—BELL—On the 22nd July, I at Weskyan Church, 6-lenelg, by the Bey. Thai. Lloyd, Felix Goodfellow, of Adelaide, to Bettie Cbarlton, only daughter of O. O. Bell, Esq, late I of Sonderland, Durham. HOOKING—BROWN.—On the 4th Marcb, at the Baptist Church, Flinders-street, Adelaide, by the Bey. S. Mead, MA, LL.B, T. Hooking, aon of G. Hooking, Somersetshire, England, to Mary Jane Brows, of Golden Grove. HUNT—LEMON.-On the 15th August, at theresidenee of the bride's father. Mypooga jetty, by the Bey. J. Trewin, Robert James Hunt, eldest son of John Hunt, Beg., Myponga, to Elizabeth Ann Lemon, only daughter of John Lemon, Esq..Myponga jetty. JELBERT-OLLEY.-On the 20th August. at the residence of the bride's parents, by the Bey. J. H- Ashton, William H. Jelbert, of Riverton, to Edith, third daughter of S. Olley, £sa.,SaddJeworth. MARCHANT- HOOPER.—On tbe 22ad of August, by special licence, by tbe Bey. C. Lane, B. W. Merchant, to Catherine, eldert daughter I of W. Hooper, both of Clare. McARDLE-BAUTH.-On the lotkAuga?t, at the residence of the bride's parents, Btockport, by the Bey. Jas. Hadam. Patrick, I eldest son of John MeArdle, Alma Plains, to Josephine Henrietta Paulina,eldest daughter of : J.W.Bautb.Bsq.Stoekport. NISBETT—THOMAS.—On tbe 9fli August, at CaUington, by the Rev. A. Stubbs, George Nicbett, of Parkstde, to Jemima (Mime), second daughter of Mr. Wm. Thffrtrt, of CaUington. PASCOE—YOUNG—On the 18th August:, by the Bey. B. P. Mudge, Richard Pawae, to Sophia Young, both of Adelaide. POEWLL — ARBERY.— On the 16* August, at Quorn, by the Key. Frederic Boyliog, Henry Poewll. to Btiza, second daughter of Mr. Joseph Arbety, Quam. ROBERTS — WALTERS. —On the ssh August, at tbe United Methodist Ghurcb, Waymouth-street, Adelaide, by the Bey. B. P. Mudge, Robert Boberts, to Sarah Walters, bath of Napperby. RUSSELL — DAWSON. —On the 22ad August, at Trinity Church, Balaklava, by the Bey. Dr. Torra&ce;, the Very Bey. Alexander Russell, BD, Dean of Adelaide, to Jessie, third daughter of the late O. Dawson, Bsq, of Brixton, Surrey. SMART—CREWS.—On the 10th August, at the Congregational Manse, Trare, b/ the Bey. W.H.Newbould, Charles Smart to Mrs. Mary Crews. Gloucestershire papers please copy. SMITH—BECK.—On the 81th August, by Rev. G. McEwin, at the residence of the bride's parents, William M. Smith, of Hindmarsh, to Isabella M. Beck, third daughter of Edward Beck, the Beedbeds. TILSLEY— DUNN.-On the 20th July, as Trinity Church, Adelaide, by the Bey. Richard son Reid, James, second son of John TiUley. of BirmiDgham, to Lydia Sarah, second daughter of the late William Dona, of Unley, South Austzalia. WARD-PENGILLY.-On the 25th August, at Willow Grove, near Redhill, by lieenoe, by Bey. H. Pope, George Henry, eldest son of Mr. W. Ward, of Stcathalbyn. to Mary Jane, aeeond daughter of Mr. Wm. Pengilly.of Wtltow Grove, BedhilL WEIR— BRALEY.—On the 17tfa August, at tbe residence of tbe bride's parents, Bast Moonte, Alfred Xdward, eldest son of Alfred Wen*. Parade, Norwood, to Jeans Bmma,weond daughter of John Braley, of Art Moonte. WINTER— GRAVE.—On the 15th Aigust, I at the house of the bride's father, by Key. B.G. Bayly, Mr. George Winter, farmer, to Miss Alice Jessie Grave, eldest daughter of Mr. John 1 Thomas Grave, botcher, Ardrosssn. WOOD — CHRYSTALL. —On the Uth August; by licence, in the residence of the bride's father, by the Boy. D. Badger. Joseph Wood, of Ooomooroo, to Jane ObrysteU, of Pekina. DIED. BARRITT.—On the 17th August, at River side, Lyndoofa Valley, Joseph Barrit*,aged 85. A colonist of 42 years. BROWN.—On the 80th August, at Gleaelg. Henry LeveU, third anddeady beJovad eon of Israel Switzerland and X L. Brown, aged six weekr. BUTLER.-On toe Slst August, at Hodbary Hotel, Modbury, suddenly, James Butler, aged 51 years. CORY.—On the 25th August, at Kent-berraie, Kent Town, Henry Cory, ol apoplexy, in ni? 55th ytar. CROSBY.—Ob tbe 21st August, at Dublin, Am ie Virginia, youngest daughter of W. and A- Orssby, aged 16 months. DYKE.—On the 21st August, at his son-in- law's residence, Norwood, John Thomas Dyke, late of H.M. Civil Service, Victor Harbor, aged 66 years; a colonist of 41 years. Monmouth papers please copy. GAULT.-On the 15th August, at Waller waag, NjS.W., by explosian of dynamite, Robert Charles Ganlt, of Fitsroy. Melbourne, and be loved nephew of B.?. Gault, Adelaide. GAYLARD.—On the 19th August, at her residence, Jane Emma, beloved wife of Percival Gaylard, Esq., of Burnow Hill Farm, Onetree Hill. GELLEBURN.—On the 19th August, at the Adelaide Hospital, of consumr.aon, Georga Gelleburn. He leaves a wife and one child. Liverpool papers please copy. GOSS.—On the 16th March, at Abarieen. Samuel Goss, aged 76 years, father of J. W. Goss, Aberdeen, and the Bey. J. H. Gms. His life wa* labor and hi* death triumphant. JEFFERY.—On the 1st August, at Torreos Vale, Yankalilla, after a *""fl illness, Richard Jeffery, aged 53 years. KELLEY.—On the 19rh August, WiUian Kelley, infant son of James and Christina Kelley, Kdwaidetown, aged two months.— R / p LONG.—On the Sth August, at Alma, Thomas Long, fanner, aged 66 years. A colonist of 42 yean. Deeply regretted by all friends and acquaintances. May he rest in peace. MARCHANT.—On the 25th A?gu*t,atthe residence of hi* father, Thebartoa, James Bdward. the second son of Robert Marchant, in the 19th year of hi* age. MASLIN.—On the 12th Augu?t.*t BumUleer Station, Mary, the beloved wife of John Mwlin, aged 60 years. McCLURE.—On the 27th August, at his residence, Queen - street, Norwood, Gharle* McClure, sen-, aged 58 years. MILLSTEED.—On the 11th August, at Goyder Plains, Sarah, the beloved wite of H. T. Millsteed, aged 23 years. NEWMAN.-On the 83rd August, at Queen street, Norwood, of periearditi*, Eleanor, the eldest and beloved daughter of G. H. a&d; M. A. Newman, aged 13 years and 5 month*. NICHOLLS.—On the 80th August, at the residence of Mr. John R jwe, manager Gasworks, Gawler, William Nicholls, formerly of the Humbug, Baroua, late enginedriver Lady Alice Mice, aged 41 years. NORMAN.—On the 27th August, at Under dale, Jesse Norman, agei 55 years, leaving a wife asd six children to mourn their loss. iIU end w*> peace. POPE.-On the 17th August, at Seventh street, Bowden, Margaret, wife of Robert t?ope, aged 6* years. ROBBINS.-On the 11th August, at her resi dtnee, Peachy Belt, Margaret, the beloved wife of George Bobbins, aged 45 yean. Deeply regretted. ROSMAN.-Oq the 17th Atzgosr, at the Buna, Henry, younger sou of W. H. Bosnian, Jan., aged four months. SIMPER.—On the 22nd August, at his resi dence. Little Hampton, after a long and painful illness, George Simper, in his 71st year. Deeply regretted by all who knew him. Kent papers please copy. SOAR.— On the 14th August, at his son* residence, Torreoa- road, Yat&la;, James P. Soar, late of Port Lincoln, aged 53 jeais.* THOMSON.—On the 17th August, at Belair, the Bey. R. W. Thomson, late minister of United Presbyterian Churob, Kern, Scotland, aged 45. TILLEY.—On the 16th August, at SandweU, Lefevrfc'* Peninsula, Sidney Ciutrles, youngest and beloved ton of Sidney and Christiana Tiltey aged thirteen months. '? Death has claimed our darling baby, Set a seal upon his brow; 1 And tbe smile that used to greet us Is in Heaven with Jesus now." Briitcl (England) papers please copy. TOPPERWIEN.—On the 80th August, at Abtrdeen, Elisabeth HOI, the beloved wife of Ado'ph G. Tu?perwien, aged 21 years and 9 months. Friends please accept. TRUMP.—On the 18th August, at the United SeivieeOlub Hotel, Colling street, Melbourne, Maude, daughter ot Henry and Elisabeth Trump, aged 11 years and 8 months. VENNER.—On the 23rd August, at his residence, Morpbett-street, of consumption, Hany Maekie Venner, eldest son of the late Tbimas Venner, and beloved husband of Emma Venner, aged 29 years. WARE.—On the 16th August, at Ooonattoo, Jane, beloved wife of Alfred Ware, and eldest daughter of Mr. John Beaeley, of Paradise, age 84. WELSH.—On tbe 27th ABgost.atGray-street, Adelaide, Margaret, widow of the late James I Welih, aged 54 years. E.I.P. WETZEL.-On the 23rd Augost, at his residence, Union-street, Mr. Gustev Weteel, aged 61 years. WHEARE.—On tie 10th Jane, at Kapunda, suddenly, Temperance, the beloved wire of Mr. H. Wheare, city surveyor, aged 58 years ; also, on the 9tb August, at Kapunda, Henry, relict of the above, and beloved brother of Mrs. Thomas Richards, Melbourne-street, N.A., aged 57 years. WHEATLEY. — On tbe 29th August, at his residence, East-street, Brompton, Jesse Wheatley, aged 67 years. Derby papers please copy. 