PRIZE VERSES. The number of verses received in competition for the prizes offered by us has been larger than on any previous occasion, the result being increased labour and difficulty in making the awards. In consequence of the general excellence of the specimens submitted to us, several of the best verses have had to be excluded from the con- test, the rules laid down by us not having been rigidly adhered to. After carefully examining the mass of replies we have decided on awarding the first prize of one guinea to Miss C. Lumsclaine, Queen Street, New- town, Sydney, and the second prize of half-a-guinea to Miss Beatrice Emma Braine, Tanja, N. S. W. ; and we trust that none of the disappointed male competitors will be so ungallant as to dispute the meritorious charac- ter of the compositions which have gained for these two ladies the honours of the intellectual contest. Here is the FIRST PRIZE VERSE. A woman lies upon the beach beside a stranded boat, Her sorroAV-laden voice is raised expressive of her woes ; Locked in her arms, with frantic clutch, she holds a sailor's coat The only relic of the deep of his, her long loved Joe's : She does not hear the billow's roar-waves lave her with their brine ; Her tongue is parched, her aching limbs deny the power to stand ; She only murmurs in wild grief, " Would that thy fate were mine ! O ! husband of my wedded love, we'll meet in Spirit land. SECOND PRIZE VERSE. Young Joe loved Polly Crank, and in a boat He " popped the question ;" nor foresaw the woes Of future years, when she would " dust" his coat And wear the biforked garment, once poor Joe's. "Ah me !" sighed he, whilst bitter drops of brine Furrowed his cheek, "Her tongue no man could stand. Why ! I am hers ! She said she would be mine / Confound that boat ! Would I had stopped on land." Under the title of " A Fair-weather Sailor," C. S. 0. (Sofala), sends a capital verse, more melodious and sug- gestive of a favourite ballad than any other we have received. I'm afloat, I'm afloat, in a beautiful boat, I care not for danger, and dream not of woes ; But why take such note of my elegant coat, My own's at my uncle's, I'm just wearing Joe's ; But I long for a voyage on the blue, glassy brine, 'Tis fine on the bridge with the skipper to stand. And nautical lingo's a weakness of mine It's fun on the water, but work on the land. Another verse, by Serpolette (Wingham), is not desti- tute of humour His eyes were fondly beaming as. they sat there in the boat, And he asked her if she'd share his joys and woes; But she rudely interrupted and asked him if the coat He had on him then was not his brother Joe's ; Still he heeded not her question, but gazed into the brine, And on the gunwale of the boat he took his stand, Then cried with wondrous fervour, * ' Oh ! Sally dear, be mine, Or else-I'll pull this boat to shore and land.!" A. C. G. (Wagga Wagga) sends us a couple of verses descriptive of popping the question, one being the version given by the lady, a certain Miss Kitty, and the ?? other by her swain, named Joe, who tells us how On a lovely night, in a nice little boat, I sat with my darling and told her my woes ; I pillowed her head on my best Sunday coat, And whispered so softly, " O ! will you be Joe's 1 " She answered me, " Yes ; " so dear Kitty is mine, And we're soon to be married, you understand ; So I'll tell you all, that to court on the brine Is a deuced lot better than courting on land. J. R. (Avoca, Victoria) forwards several verses, of which the best is the following : A hardy old tar, as he stood in his boat, Woefully weighing his woes, Was astonished to pick from the sea a coat, Which he thought his brother Joe's. He began to row, but what with brine And wind, which he ill could stand ; " Shiver my timbers ! this coat is mine ; 'Twill be dry when I reach the land." J. E. M. (Adelaide) appears somewhat inclined to be metaphorical. Here is his effort : Upon life's waters, in a frail, old boat, My heart sore troubled with a sea of woes, I lay enveloped in dark sorrow's coat, And prayed that his, my valiant brother Joe's, Barque might sail smoothly o'er life's heaving brine ; For he'd braved seas that none beside could stand Ventured his young, strong life, and won back mine, And brought me safely back to life and land. Trickett's defeat has inspired several competitors with something approaching poetic fervour. The fol- lowing by T. M. L. (Manly Beach) may be taken as a fair specimen Ned Trickett's defeat, in his beautiful boat, Was the cause of numerous woes. Did he turn his garment, or was his coat Formerly one of Melbourne Joe's 1 To be the champion of the brine Not a ghost of a show did he stand, Although I'm not sorry that money of mine Was bet against Hanlan of Canada land. W. C. (Murrumburrah) is disposed to be satirical, if not funny. Here is his contribution Extract from an unpublished (and univritten) poem, entitled, " The Wonderful Adventures of Joseph Styles, Mariner"-Sad predicament of Joe's party. Nine wretched objects crowded in the boat, And now it seemed they'd but begun their woeB ; Shirts, trousers, had they, and a single coat, With a " sou'-wester "-both the last were Joe's. It fell a calm, and in the glowing brine, They note a cheerful shark has ta'en his stand Quite near, soliloquising thus-" They're mine ; I'm blowed if one of them will 'scape to land." NOTE.-The shark was an " Ancieut Mariner," and his proficiency in the English language was probably acquired during a long and extensive {dining) acquaintance with persons of that sea-going race. By way of contrast here is a verse treated from a political point of view, by T. C. B. (Gosford) Election day came, and with it a steamboat, Her gay colours flying, to solace our woes, With " Eckford," cocksure we'd not turn our old coat, But 'lect him a Member for Wollombi ; " Joe's," Certain and sure you'll not cause the salt brine To flow from his eyes, but enable him to stand Your true representative, and golden mine Of wealth and prosperity in Austral land ! Following in the same line, R. F. (Kippilaw, near ^Goulburn) treats us to the subjoined epigram To AN UNDERTAKER, LEGISLATIVE AND PRACTICAL. Rowing in Protection's boat, Man of many woes ! No ! you would not turn your coat, Whoso jeers or " joes ; " Curing States in "bonus" brine Makes quays idly stand ; ) You would Commerce undermine, Make Want stalk the land. Drifting back into the regions of the humorous, we have J. W. H. (Rockhampton) relating a tail of a .coat 'Tis not the " tale of a tub " or a boat, But a detailed account of my woes, And how I lost the tail of my coat When re-tailing an old one of Joe's. I own, though my eyes are filling with brine, That when drunk and scarce able to stand, I curtail'd that lovely new coat of mine, And gave Joe's the best tail in the land. J. R. (North Shore) seems to have had some un- pleasant experiences, more easily imagined than de- scribed, for he tells us how One day I took my girl out in a boat ; My airy spirits knew no earthly woes ; My heart beat like to burst my borrowed coat, (I hope she didn't know that coat was Joe's) ; She soon got sick from billows of the brine, Upon my heart her head took up its stand ; Then I was jolly glad the coat warn't mine, But what would Joe say when we got to land 1 G. B. (Wagga Wagga) is responsible for the following H.M.S. Pinafore is now a famous boat, Yet she, to me's the cause of several woes ; To witness her I pawned my only coat, And borrowed for the nonce my brother Joe's. Such crowded boats could never sail the brine, There was not even room for us to stand ; I stood on some one's toes, and Joe on mine, I'd rather voyage on the sea than on land. Yet a few more, and then our extracts must cease : - Jenny and Joseph, in speeding boat, Sail all unconscious of earthly woes ; J enny's form cosey in Joseph's coat, Jenny's face nestled by bearded Joe's ; Gaily I'd laugh at the hissing brine, And by sheet and tiller take my stand, With so sweet a pilot's face by mine, 'Tis little I'd reck how far the land. -EPSILON (Wagga Wagga). One day I ventured in a boat, And suffered all a landsman's woes, And, having lost my only coat, I came ashore in one of Joe's. From that adventure on the brine, You will I hope quite understand, That he can be no friend of mine, Who'd tempt me to desert the land. -SAXONHTJRST (Sydney). Homeward the fisherman sails in his boat, Fearless of danger, regardless of woes, Though tanned be his face, and rough be his coat, There beats not a more kindly heart than Joe's ; Now weary with toil and wet thro' by the brine, His boat he doth moor where it often does stand, And I hasten to greet this old friend of mine, As he treads once more his own native land. -A. J. P. (Wagga Wagga). Only the pieces of a shattered boat, Yet they have caused a mother bitter woes, For down upon the beach they've found a coat, Which she at once perceives to be her Joe's ; Although 'tis soiled with the sand and brine, She knows that coat, and as around we stand, She faintly murmurs, " Would the lot were mine, To leave with him this cruel and dreadful land." -F. A. M. (Chadlington, East Maitland.) Last New Year's Day I went aboard the Hawkesbury boat, To try to drown in holiday my business woes ; I'd donned a somewhat tightly fitting morning coat, In fact, between ourselves, it was my brother Joe's. The quiet harbour passed, we steamed out on the brine, But then I got so ill that I could scarcely stand ; While oft in anguish rose the words, " 0, brother mine, Too late I wish I had remained with thee on land ! " -NUNNUNQUAM CANO. As a specimen of the letters received by us in reference to the gratification afforded those, both successful and unsuccessful, taking part in these com- petitions, we give publicity to the following communica- tion, which speaks for itself : Sir,-I beg to submit the enclosed two pieces for this month's competition, and to thank you for your courtesy in placing me among the "immortals" in your last num- ber. Although I entered the "list" only two months ago, I feel that I have already derived both pleasure and profit from my "jousts ;" and I hope to be able to take part in your tournaments for some time to come. Since my first attempt, I know of at least four competitors who have come forward ; and three of their names are "hon- ourably mentioned" in the present number of your journal. There can be no doubt that our young Australians are gaining some benefit from these competitions, which you have been the first to introduce into their country ; and I have heard numbers of people speak very highly of your efforts in this direction. That you may continue in the same course, and that success may attend your endeavours, is the earnest wish of, yours faithfully, G. B. S. By way of encouragement to our correspondent, and of edification to others, we insert his rhymes, which will be found ingenious, if not purely poetical : i. THE NEW CHUM'S DREAM. With the mail that comes in by the next 'Frisco boat I shall bid glad farewell to my woes ; From my " uncle " I'll quickly redeem my dress coat, And repay that small loan of friend Joe's. My "remittance" is now on its way 'cross the brine, And will cause me in new shoes to stand ; To Temora I'll go and invest in a mine, Or I'll speculate freely in land. II. At Watson's Bay one day friend Joe and I embark'd on board a boat, And out to Father Ocean hied, forgetting mal-de-mer and all its woes. Old Sol was hot,and hot was I, I therefore gladly doff'd my coat ; For reasons similar to mine off went that many coloured coat of Joe's. A heavy ground-swell found us both inspecting close the dark blue brine ; And Joseph swore in squeamish voice that once on terrafirma he did stand No more he'd row or go upon the deep-his yows were also mine ; We got ashore, and from that day to this we ne'er have ventur'd from dry land. NOTE.-In the first piece, lines 1, 3, 5, and 7 are pure, complex tetra- meter; and lines 2, 4, 6 and 8 are pure, complex trimeter: and the accent is on every third syllable. In the second piece, lines 13 5 and 7 are pure, simple octometer : and lines 2, 4, 6, and 8 are pure' simulé enameter ; and the accent is on every second syllable. The fourth and sixth syllables of lines 1, 3, 5, and 7, rhyme. The many verses to which we have given insertion will suffice to shew the variety of treatment of which a certain number of rhymes are capable . but we must stop here, our space being insufficient to quote further from the large number of really creditable replies, among which may be mentioned those by H. K. W. (Rylstone), Caroleus (Tar- cutta), W. D. B. (Wickham Terrace), H. F. Bur- wood), Ecila (Ravnihcol), P. F. (Sydney), F. M. (East Maitland), D. H. (Gunnedah), T. B. (Tunbridge, Tas- mania), Fern Tree (Armidale), T. F. H. 0. (Orange) J. M. T. (Tuena), J. A. K. (Boggaon, Manver River) F. P. (Orange), A. H. (Auckland, New Zealand), S S (Tamworth), P. N. (Little Plain, near Inverell), E D* (Paterson, Hunter River), A. T. D'A. (North Goul- burn), F. H. K. (West Maitland), A. H. (Gresford, Upper Paterson). J. L. (Beenleigh), J. McA. (Armi- dale), C. P. (Balmain), J. B. T. (Balmain), J. J. (Gan- non Plains), H. J. B. (Walla), Raymond (Darling Point), V. C. (Paterson), Lizzie J. (Deniliquin), H. J. (Hobart), S. B. T. (Maryborough, Queensland), T. B.) (Bodalla), A. S. R. C. (Carcoar), G. L. (Coonamble), J. B. B. (Moree), Willie (Eurunderee), E. L. (Coon- amble), J. W. (Mount Pleasant, Nundle), S. G. D. (Paterson), D. E. T. (Manilla), L. H. A. (Queensland), P. P. A. (Beenleigh, Queensland), C. H. O'L. (Bur- rowa), E. H. J. (King George's Sound), K. E. P. (Wagga Wagga), J. B. G. (Dawes' Battery), J. F. P. (Gosford), J. B. T. (Balmain West), H. J. B. (Walla), J. T. (Wellington, N. Zealand), J. R. C. Port Mac- quarie), A. C. B. (Wagga), G. C. (Inverell), M. G. C. (Orange), 0. B. (Singleton), J. A. (Wauchope, Hastings River), S. A. P. (Goulburn), E. V. (Gulgong), M. S. (Paterson), W. H. T. (Woolloomooloo), H. G. K. (Woollahra), Louie S. O. (Sofala), Sara F. 0. (Sofala), J. N. (Inverell), J. A. C. (Neutral Bay), Eliza B. S. (Balmain), W. J. (Sydney), P. J. C. (Surry Hills), J. J. (Illabo, near Junee), T. S. C. (Yass) W. H. H. (Forbes), C. P. (Claremont), E. D. (Pater- son), J. L. (Coonamble), A. C. H. (Lostock), Laura T. (Hunter's Hill), W. H. W. (Young), R. E. P. (Sydney), W. H. H. (Richmond, Victoria), F. W. J. (Armidale), J. H. C. (Gunning), M. J. A. (Manilla), D. M. (Dubbo), C. K. (Sydney), L. D. (Perth, Western Australia), I. S. T. (Townsville), G. N. (Newcastle), R. C. (Forbes), M. S. (Upper Hunter), C. A. Q. (Frede- rick Valley, Lucknow), A. Q. (Pritty Plains, Lucknow), F. I. (Camperdown), I. I. H. (Surry Hills), M. T. (Angora, Booligal), Scribbler, I. T. O'L. (Burrowa), E. S. (Albury), and W. S. (Melbourne). A reply by J. F. H. (Tuena), contains several good points, but is spoiled by a false rhyme of brine and friend. 