Victorian Sporting Items» -j MKi,iicunKE,.Tlinri5d»r.< THERE has been a good deal of speculation during thc* week. Tor the Maribyrnong TJate, in.additiou to support giren to .Tangle, Iphigenia, in Grifflu's stahlo, has been*' hacked for all availablo money at hundreds.to lour andi Uve. Gamin, atablo companion of Saionnrn, waa! backed at hunürods to four. Priuco George, Sir Oliver^; Fryingpan, and Creme do Bouzy" all havo friondsr at 100 to 6, and at this price Satauolla was backed to winrf several hundreds. Segenhoe and Saiönara aro favourites! . at 100 to 12 each. For the Derby Sonlarsot is very firm, at 7 to 2. 4 to lis thu best effor about The Duki», Spinning^ dalo G to 1, and Darebin 7 to 1. Duchess reigns MI pr »mei. for tho Cup, and 100 to 14 was accepted. About "Waxy 100'. " to 8 was tauen j about Canary 10.000 to SOO has been takorlii Watorloo, Sir Modred, and Somerset aro at 100 to 5¿ Progres*, Spinningdalo, and Savanaka, 100 to 4. Truing Toss is favourite for the Caulfield Cup at 7 to 1, "VVooàV lands 8 to 1, .". Trainers just now are very busy on tho various grounds*./" Old Wellington is being treated to good, canters &V; ? Flemington, Czar and Trurapoter assisting. ...'Walsh haaf arrived with J. P. Bell's horscp, and.he treated his lot to! stoady cantors. Dakin sent Darebin and Turriblo Billy at' a half-pace cantor three miles on tho tan ; the colt wenfcl . remarkably well and strong, and seems gottiug very fltJ Lang's team were treated, to strong work on tho eanon traok. Sonmus and Sir Módredweuta strong gallop os(J . Monday. Canary has boen running so well that ho baa), boen backed on strength of his gallops. Tho Ghost!, astonished tho touts by doing a mila in a shade, under lmin 47seo ; for a short .distauco thief, son of Tregeaglo is very fa&t.; "Warknwlc ia. . looking very fro-b, and doing good work, Rnspiter, and Joaephino galloped ft mi'o in 1,51. Lesbiaí, ' galloped a fast balf.milo, and boat Venturo easily in 51}.' ' Billilla galloped a mile in 1.52, and Sunbeam went ou tber! samo conreo m 1.51. Tangle is training at Caulfield, ancS^' is a good-loo ung filly. Dhurringile is also there, and.1'' looks vei\y fresh aad well. Oralia and Poulshai» bnvo ihciii. . teams at Brighton, but nothing has occurred there ot' nur moment. Tho Victoria Amateur Turf Club having decided to holcTi a meeting on Boxing Day, tho Williamstown Club doter*. . mined to hold their annual meeting on tho previous Sat«', ur day. >} A good pr ocrammo is to bo issued nt Kensington Pnrtc, in October. Tho meeting is tobo extended over two dayss' Saturday and Monday. *l Tho Victorian Trotting Club aro getting their course. nt Elsternwick into good order, and it is propoeed that tho oponing meeting tko club shall add ¡¿00 ROYS to ñ¿;'.; »woopstaVenot 20 sovs each, for best throe, in five inilej'[ heats, to bo open to all horses; al30 a Trotting Sires^--' Produco Stakos, with 100 soys added, <f Tho.Amatour Turf Club, as woll an the V.R.C., havek' endoried tho disqualification of Mr. John Mayo. As Hes«, perian was originally wrongly nominated for tho Cnp,^' thosa who booked him do not lo»o thoir money. . V . A.B.C. pulled up very lamo after doing a good gallop*; tho other day, and injurod ono of the nmsolcs of her» " shoulder, but not neriounly, .., Only 16 nominations have boon received from New SouthV" Wnles for the V.A.T.C. Groat Foal Stakes. Mr. Goorero. Uso Ima throe anti Mr. Dargin four, but Mosgro. A. Town,. ' E. K.'Cox, E. Do Mcstre, Dangar, V, Roynolds, and G, - Leo dQ not appear in tho list. , : It ts said that Mr. Baldock wan offered a thousand fol?.: Wellington, and to roooivo a hundred during thorcmaindcr of tho horse's lifo; but horofusod thooffor. I T. Corrigan has rccontly undergone an operation, nntV ie about again, j Zambesi is serat ohed for tho Cnn. . f The now handsome pavilion of the Mclbonrne Crloiren; a Club ia progressing rapidly, and tho whole strnoltiro wilt; ; bo roady for occupation on the 14th Doooinbor nwt. .. The Enst Melhourno Club ia £700 in debt, mostly"-.;. ourrod in nltcring thoir ground. -'«.«. .i/inHen.-" "* . Thc Olooland (Jf» matches will bo P^y^J^L'^uîS^i , Ned Elliott d^Shot play ' thia season, which will M * ?jreat loas to East Melbourne. O'Hanlon is the next best Yioketkeopor. . M-'Shaue has arrived from Adolaido m Rood oncsotinff form, and will fight once in»re for JEaat Melbourne. 