TELEGRAMS, (PROV OUR OWN OORRJKFONDENTS.) 1 Aoeit&ipig;, September 29." A conference of the members «f Jimth Houses was held this marningp^nd decided in favor _*vf ~£he site .at the " comer ! of North 'cTeriace and: King ♦Williams-st, better known as Coglin'a garden, as the moat ~ 'auifrT able site for Ge ne ve i'arlia'neut Houses. The Select Committee appointed to enquire into various suggested lines of rail-: way in the North, reported that of aU the suggested lines the one which was best calculated to generally serVethe interests of the community is that from-Blyth to Gladstone via Yacka and- Georgetowm In. Committee the Measurer (Hou. L. Glyde) moved the taxation resolutions,: and . said that the total .value of the occupied land, of the colony was £2,196,000, and a .Land Tax on all lands would give £55,000, or less exemptions proposed £36,700. The selestora under the taxation Kill will be dealt with, as lesiees holding lease with right to purchase. After c.arefql! consideration the Government arrived at the conclusion that the property of the colony as distinct from land was worth about 20 millions, and amount of the tax * which would he derived from the Pro' perty Tax, less exemptions, would be £16,670 or the total receipts of both taxes £53,000, £3,Q0Q of which the Government proposed to strike off for the cost of collection aud to make , up for articles included in the present Customs tariff, which the Government proposed to put on the free list, and which, brought in a revenue o: £45,000, and thus the Government scheme would considerably relieve the working classes. Iu the course of thp discussion the Treasurer was praised for h'a honest intention, but many of the members condemned the proposed taxation. The Committee obf tained leave to sit again on Tuesday. Iii fhe House of Assembly on Tuesday Mr. Ward called attention to a circular which has been issued to members by the Clerk of the Assembly asking them to ineet on business of importance connected with the House. He asked the Speaker what the nature of the husi_ ness Was I '' Mr. Ross replied that it was in connection with the new Parliament buildings. It had been thought advisible to have a conference of the members of both Houses, so as to arrive at some uuderstandiug on the matter, Mr, Ward denounced the course as opposed to the principles of Parliamentary Government; but his views were not endorsed by the House, aud the matter dropped. The Loan Estimates were laid on the table and briefly explained by the Treasurer. It was stated that the new Distillation Bill had been drafted, aud was now under the consideration uf The Cabinet'."" lu auswer to Mr. Hawker, Mr. Bray Baid the material for the construction of the Mount Gauibier Waterworks had been ordered from Euglaud, aud the works would be completed iu time to supply the town with water before Christinas, 1882. The Northern Territory Laud Amend lueiit Bill, providing for the offering o leases of laud on the Herbert River by auction, was read a first time. The Building Societies' Bill was further ; considered iu Committee. The Manufacturing Districts Bill wafl further considered iu Committee, and it was provided that manufactures other than those mentioned iu the original pro. clamation might be added on a similar course of procedure to that adopted in the first instance being taken. The Commissioner of Lands moved the second reading of the Educational Leases Bill, which is similar to that of last session, with the addition of the schelqde showing the lessees in the Hundred of Wandearah and Pirie, for whom relief was asked. The total amount proposed to be remitted by the Bill is £10,000. Li the .Legislative Council the Telephone Bill was read a second time and carried through Committee, and some other- business was disposed of. The House has rejected Mr. Ebenezer Cook's motion in reference to the absorption of the premiums on the late loan into the general revenue by a majority of 14. Pis Excellency the Governor assented to the Tatiara Railway Bill, and also to several other Bills yesterday. Mr. A. O. Chambers. (Qom.mon-sense) was charged yesterday by the B.nshionary Peter Campbell with disturbing his religions service at; the Town Hall. The Magistrates thought ,thet.caae frivlous, and dismissed it with costs against the Hot Gospeller. In consequence of the drill having struck oil" at the wells on the Coproug, the BetT<ffeum Qil Shares have greatly increased in value, and atoffuw quoted at L3210s, , MklbouknEj ; September, 39, Steinmeyer, a ,<fferh ip. the General Post-Qffioe, Ras been arrested for stealing letters containing money. % A draper, named Russell Martin, ferociously attacked his wife, to-day with a heavy bludgeon, and after having assured himself that sh,e was fatally injured, he cut his own throat. Both he and his. wife were dead when found, _ .. Sir Bryan O'Loghlen. has. declined to appoint any more inemhara to the Tariff Commission. An order of the House of Assembly passed during the term of office of- the last McCiillocb Ministry expelling the Hon. James McKeau from the House, in consequence of language calculated to bring it and its members into disrepute, used by him in a case at the Fitzroy Police Court, has been cancelled by a vote of the House. . Pr ifessor Denton,' the eminent lecturer, "was fioed £1 and costs at the Ballarat Police Court for . jumping on a railway engine while in motion. Great pj^psrations are being jra^4e fo.ra" liberal demonstration to Mr- Berry at Geelong shortly. "" * ij^ey and Peters, two men who were caught selling smuggled opium iu Little Bonrke^street paid -the fine of £lf)ft each QorUmissbmer of Customs. *: L^^riff 'twhrmissidn held a preliminary: sittipg turday, when th,e order of busi«rtheir details were arranged for Tuesday's sitting, when their labors will), Commence inearnest, It is considered probable-thatrthe commission will sit six months. All the proceedings, will he open to the press. SyiKtEi, September ,2ft. The Rev. James Greenwood, formerly member for Rast.Sydpey, has.commenced lecturing- on free-^thought-doctrine. He delivered the tfirat .lecture -on. *•' The-religion* of humanity?- at.the .Theatre Royal. During the recent voyage of the immigrant ship Nineveh a practiaal joke was perpetrated wliich has since led to unhappy consequences. - One of the young; female immigrants., dressed- herself.: in a white -sheet, pretending to be a ghost, hud' at dead of night stalked among theale6£-\ ing girls, whom she aroused.' * In one instance -the shook- Was so.severe that a girl lost her reason and beqatije boppjessly -insane. She was examined on-jthegrrival of the, ship ky a medical man, on whose certificate she has been sent to the Asylum. The matter will :be. investigated-by. the Immigration Board. A strange discovery: was made by a gentleman whilst wisiting his wife?s grave at Rockwood Cemetery. - He found au open coffin, •! hearing ' marks of having been recently disinterred. The lid 'was gone, and the coffin had evidently been violently wrenched open, the screws being broken: The matter has been placed iu. the hands of the police. An extraordinary charge was preferred at the Police CourL by Anuie Nelson against her husband, whom she hocused of attempting to murder her, presenting a loaded revolver at "her head, and using threats that he would shoot her dead. The complainant, who is an attractive young woman, deposed that she had been only a fortnight married, that her husband compelled her to marry him against her will by presenting a revolver and threatening to shoot her unless she complied with his demand. She was afraid of her life owing to his violence. The case was remanded after the defendant had been bound over to keep the peace towards a lad named Murray, whom he had also threatened to shoot. Four Chinese gentlemen were baptised as Christians by Dr. Steele on Sunday at St, Stephen's Church. Large numbers of working men are arriving by every vessel from New Zealend. They are generally bound for railway works in the north <vr the diggings. A sheepstealer, named Smith, at Cowra, has been committed for trial for stealing sheep, and fined £50 for having skins'in his possession which he is unable to account for. The mystery respecting the finding of the empty coffin at Rockwood Cemetery has been explaiued by the police, who stated that the body of a Chinaman had been removed for exportation to China. At au inquest on the body of a newlyboru male child, found in waste ground at "Surrey Hills, a verdict of wilful murder was returned against some person unknown, A goods train ran over a large sow between Newcastle and Wallsend. The animal was killed and one truck was thrown off the rails. Dr. von Heekereu was committed for trial on a charge of using instruments on the person of Eleanor Antill, with intent to produce miscarriage. The prosecutrix gave defendant four guineas, and promised not to mention the circumstance, which was revealed to the police i when the miscarriage occurred by a person at whose house she was stopping. Bail was refused. 