THE AGRICULTURAL SOCIETY'S BANQUET AT KIAMA. By Eleutjucj Telegraph. (FROM OUR OWN OORltESPONHHNT). Kiama, Thursday. The annual banquet in connection with the agricultural and horticultural show was hold in the iron store last night, when about 80 persons sat down. -Mr. li, L. Dytnock presided, and Mr. Farnc!l and Dr. Tarrant, M's.l'., were present, the latter responding to the toast of " The Parliament," proposed by .Major Black. He hoped that tlic time was not far distant when members of Parlia ment would not havo any excuse of "sea-sickness" to make for their non-attendance at the Kiama show, and that the opening of a railway to Kiama would soon call for similar festivities to those which were now taking place at Albury, and bad just been enjoyed at Dttbbo. Mr. Farnell made a long speech also, in respond ing to the toast. He said lie preferred such occa sions as these, when lie could countenance the ad vancement of the country, to going to such frivoli ties as were taking place at Albury and Dubbo. (Hear, hear.) As a politician, lie had been loo straight — (applause) — but as long as any constituency had sufficient faith in him to elect him, he would sec that the Government car ried out proper measures. (Cheers.) He depre cated the practice of going to Government for help, and said those only would receive assistance who "helped themselves." (Applause.) lie had been "put on the shelf," and he supposed that until " old i larry " or " old Jack" died — (laughter) — he would never have a chance again. The present Government were forced to carry out measures lie bad initiated, but were coming back to the old track again. He went in for honest Government, but that could never succeed in N.S.Wales. (Hear.) 'J'liey had the greatest chicanery and " Ilaselmayer" business in the carrying on of Government. (Laugh ter and cheers.) But the Ministers knew how to keep sucli tilings as the Kiama railway " looming in the distance." (Cheers.) He had not come down to discover ' the Kiama ghost " — (laughter) — but he strongly advised the people to demand their railway ns a right, when lie was confident tliey would get it in two years. (Applause.) The president stated that tlio society was in a flourishing condition, having £G00 to their credit in the bank. The show was continued to-day, when the weather was fine, though excessively hot. The attendance was about 3000, and everything passed off well. The only classes left for judgment were the hunters and hackneys for ladies and gentlemen, and the driving horses. There were ill entries for gentlemen's hacks, the prize being awarded to II. Love's chestnut gelding Ifollymount. No less than 20 equestriennes competed in tiie ladies' class, nnd the judges had much difiiculty in deciding this. W. C. Craig's gelding by Trump Card, finally won, a special prize I icing given to Mrs. W. J. Davies for horsewonianship. 'The judges returned to Sydney by the steamer lllawarra, mid were seen away by a large crowd, which lustily cheered them. Thu show, on the whole, is considered to have been tlic best ever held here. 