KRKKMASONRY DKKINKI). Tun fiillewing appeared in Mm I'Vccumu'h Monthly Maga» kin l'. (nu Aumrieitn paper)— I have joined lite Minmulo lYalornlly, Mr, Kdltor. T am a free and ueeeplnl win, or liroihni', or whatever it ia, id' that myNtcrlmtN orgamiMttioti. I have htdoiiged la many 1(00101 ocloticrt in mytlnm— I have hmm an Ornugomim. 11 Son of TouipoMuee, ami a Fenian, and, If 1 remember right, I once belonged te a ipmg of celnurw— hut Mum MiihouIu arrange imml, thifl liiHi itultoii of the eumpuKU and mpiaro, dinlauuu them nil, IhavcolHm Woudcrcd what "ll of a thing a Mkhor wan— in what rotipMa diltcring irom an ordinary bo log. Again and again have I pumped perHoim who I thought knew what wan what, with avluw of Hading out. tionmthiug regarding Mumo queer men, but It wuh no go. Mum wan Mm word ; ttuwo who could loll wouldn't, and tlnmo who would eouldu't; but Author information I wan to go and Hud out. 1 had a vague idea of my own that a Mhmhi wum a mirt uf Huperualural boiug ; a regular rmglulled rearer, with horna mid hoofn to muteh, who would conic down tho chimney, or get through the keydiolu, mid dlHoppoar like a llanh of light ning— a chap that would knock imioko out ol « follow with a wink of hie oyc, and of whom the uvil 0110 hiimiulf uim afraid. Theiu in 0110 Hlngulu- thing connected with Mntmnry of which you imt pcrlmpa not aware, aud thai ia, a Mammuover dii'«. Ocraftiomilly it 1h given out that a hrothor him do parted thin life, and tho fraternity in roHpcrtfully NUtnmoned to tin honour to hin romitiiu; but it. U all a Mmm, and a big mvindlo, got up to throw dust in tho eye.i of the uuinitiatetf, Tho oolllu in mulled full of hrickn, and dop-mited with duo Holomnity in the etmietcry, while the brothem and filomlH arc blubbering thoir eyos out over the grave uf tho duardupanoJ, and iho departed ih enjoying hima lf in Mm buck reuin of Hoinoa hotel, projMiralory to leaving for imiIh unknown. It ia n lact, Mr. Kuitor, Manoua novcr die. Thoy may clmngo thoir un|K>uruttro and move oil to other upbore, but, ue for dying, tliuy can't do it. It ie tmpp ol that, after thoy have tnmHuclod wk-kcduuMs enough on tnii earth, thoy aro transformed into comets and meteors, mul go wandering through Kpimc, kicking up shines and raising tho devil gone rally. And a great muny people suppose that tho hint moto uric display was uothing moro nor less Mem a free fight bo< tweon some rival ledges that have crossed each other h path —the ditVoront dcgivos they lmd acquired in tho flush Freemasonry Is of an ancient date, us proved by tho fact that during Mm wet season So th used to nold meetings in tho corner of Miu ark. He was obliged to give it. up, however, owing to the curiosity of Mrs. Noah, who, notwithstanding the fact that her husband placed a big pair of Hons and a big .urocodilo at tho door aa outside guard, came pretty near Hud j,ib ,h„ MM,-!, Hi.J «u,i,<a.x lodge oa Inn- own lmek. L must tell you tho perils and trinls I had t » undergo to boeoraun Mason, Ou the evening in quosthri 1 presented myholf at tho do«ir of tho lodge room, No. «fl,(i0a, signs of the Hkull and cross bones. 1 w coudu< to I to the ante-room where live or six melancholy coups in sashes aud uiubroid eied napkins woro uniting to ruceivo mo, Uu my uutruuco they all gel up ami turned a hack aomor sault, and thou qumtjy resumed their seats, A big fat- man, who sal in tho middlo, and who seemed to bo the proprietor, Mum said, " Sinner from lite outward w rkl, advance." 1 advanced. 44 Will you give up ovorything l» join us?" Not. if 1 know it," says I. There's tuy wile and four teen fine (Another party hero told tnu that it was a mero matter of form.) Tim fellows iu tho towels limn groaned, and said, "'Tis wull." »l)o you swear never to reveal anything you may seo or hoar this ovening, not ovou to your wife?' I said, 41 'INm my word, f will not." Thoy then examined my teeth and felt my miiKclos, and nmdo uio put out my tongue, und then groaned again. 1 said, 44 If you don't fcol well, I have got. a little bottle horo that " . Mero the fat man took tlio bol llo from ute. ana told me to shut up. llo then, in a voiuo of thundor, said, 44 Bring forth the gout." Another 'fellow then eamo forth to blindfold 1110. I No you don't, Mr. Mason," I s.iid ; no tricks ou ituvellers, if you ploaso. 1 dou't belicvo in playing blind mail's buff with u goat. I'll ride 1I10 devil if you like, but 1 dou't go it blind. Stand back, or I will kuock you into smithereens." They wore too much for me, however, and I bad to submit to being blindfolded. The goat was thou led in, and I could bear him making an uwi'ui ruck t among the furniture. 1 began to feel that I was wanted urgently at homo, but 1 was iu for it and could not help myself. Turoo or four follows then seized 1110, and with a demoniacal laugh pitched me on tho nnimaTs back, telling me nt tho name time to look out for squalls. I have been iu a good many scrapes, Mr. Kditur— I'vo boon in an election light, I've boon pitched out of a fnur-storoy window, I have gone down in a railway collision, und up iu a steamboat explosion, but this groat excursion was ahead of them all. Tho confounded thing must bo all wings ami horns. It buiupod mo against the tables aud the stove and the ceiling, but I hung on Uko a Trojan. It turned front somersaults, and rolled ovor till I thought it wns all over with me. I was just on tho point of giving up when the bandage fell from my Ayes, anu tho goat bounded right through the window with a yell liko a Cunmncho Indian giving up tho ghost. 1 was in a lodgo of Masons. Thoy were dunciug a war-duneo imatud a skull, and playing leap frog aud turning baud-springs, and tlio big fat fellow of tho ante Toom was standing on his head in tho coruor finishing' the contonts of my litlio bottlo. Ordor was soon restored, and I was led up to a desk aud told to stand at my easo. Tho chief engineer of the establishment then put his thumb to hin noso, and, stretching his llngors in the shnpe of a fan to wards 1110, commanded silcnco. Tho rest of the brethren did likewiso, and were ailont. Tho govomor then addn- Hscd mo — ' Brother Knobb, you aro now ono of us. You are now a motnbor of an institution that 1ms lusted over ten millitms of years. From this tiuio henco your constitution is sound. You aro impervious to light or boat, or any atmusphcrio in- fluenco \ou aro water-proof, fire-pmof, and over-proof. With impunity you may walk through tho lake, or sit on a rod-hot stoTo ; with impunity drink aquafortis, ryo whisky, Wuhoo bitters, or any other poisonous substance. Yon aro freo from rhouumtisin, dyspepsia, whooping-cough, and tho mciudos. Tho sheriff dure not seine you fur dobt nor tho policeman for misdomoanour. You nro one of us, and you ore sufo. Horo is tho pass-word ; with that and a big club you can got into anv lodgo in Christendom." I then stood whisky and w&tor; all tho way round, mul 1 was a free and accopted Mason. This ought to thoroughly unravel to tho mftrriod ladies of Grafton the mystery about what thoir husbands do when they le&vo; lioine at 7 p.m. to attoud Lodge.— Eu.j The Peak Downs copper mine is likely to be | purchased by British capitalists, and started afresh. The Sandhurst mining returns for the past half-year show the gold yield to have been over 85,100 ozs. ; calls, ,£85,273 2s ; dividends, £i35.4S3' , , The report of the Liverpool and London and Globe Insurance Co. for the past year shows a surplus over losses by fire paid (over £555,000) of £268.87- The fire reserve fund has been increased by £150,000, making it now £1,500,000 ; and the life reserve to £3,174 305 the amount added being £129,381. Adividend of 1 zs. and bonus of 8s. per share were also paid. Mr F. W. Chapman ads as agent in Grafton for this mammoth concern. 