THE TRAVELLER. ' ACROSS THE AMERICAN CONTINENT. NO- IX-THE AMERICAN RHINE,— (CONTINUED.) By a Vagrant. I am reminded of the Scottish Iake3 even more than by the side scenes of the river by a book that one tourist carries. It is of similar use to this excursion as was Scott's Lady of the Lake to those who voyage upon Lochs Lomond, Katrine, Achray and Vennachar. It is one of those editions dc luxe that show what books can be made when the author, the artist and the publisher are joined by the capitalist, and when expense, and all thoughts about it, are sent to the winds. This volume, Lossing's "Hudson, from tho Wilderness to the Sea," traces the noble stream from tho Adirondack mountain range downwards to New York, and gives a wealth of pictorial illustration that, had I seen tho book before, might have satisfied all curiosity and saved me this voyage. Its owner must, I think, have been of Spanish descent, for he offers me the costly volume as a present, as a Spaniard would offer me his house, horses and carriage. I have got, how ever, to know that all such politeness must be taken only as such, and not misinterpreted as intentional. I reciprocate by handing him something printed — a prospectus issued by the Australian emigration agents. Though not pictorially illustrated, it contains much infor- mation about what I tell him, as also all others, is the better lnnd, one that, though it has no Hudson River to show, yet has a Sydney harbor, and many outlets from it, which make good substitutes in water scenery. Not far from Poughkeepsie is one of those monuments to good intentions that serve as best memorials of the departed. It is the fine "Vassar College," founded in 1861 by a wealthy brewer, one Matthew Vassar, of English birth, and in American phraseology, "a live man" in this quarter. Allusion is made to the college in Lossing's book, by which it seems to have been seven years in building," and to have ob- tained a charter in 1867. It was opened in that year as a "Pioneer Institution for the Development of Womankind," with which ob- ject 300 studonts had then resigned the ordi- nary vocations of their sex for what might come of the Darwinian idea to which Vassar so devoted his fortune. The view of the college, and of the adjoining lake, are, upon paper, so tempting that any woman might bo excused leaving the world for a time for sake of such a dwelling. The mountain chain of tho Catskills or the C'atterskills, as Bryant writes tho word, is reached at about a hundred miles distance from New York. He applies the name to the waterfall, and not to tho surrounding moun- tains — From greens and shades where the Catterskil leaps From cliffs where the wood flowers cling. The word is said to have its meaning in the wild cat used by the Indian tribe of this neighborhood for its emblem. The landing place and the "Mountain House," or what can be seen of it, at the top of a 3000 foot peak, where it shows white looking as a snow cap, is about all that from the river can be seen of the " Kaatsbergs," as tlioy are often called. These grand mountains aro the "lion" show of the Hudson, and are clothed with a dense forest to their very feet — a forest realising the thoroughly true imagery of one of America's little known but none the less national poets. The primeval forest, the eagle and the wolf are all character- istic of the Catskills — His ponderous axe the woodman swung Amid the sea-like solitude, And rushing, thundering, down were flung The titans of the wood. Loud shrieked tho eagle as he dashed From out his mossy nest, which crashed With the impending blow. And the first sunlight leaping flashed On the wolf's haunt below. In the heat of the summer months the cool, cloud-clearing summits of the Catskills mnst be a delightful change for the half-baked New Yorkers. It is during those few months only that the immense Mountain House hotel can be of any profit to its proprietors. The water- fall is in two leaps, the first being of nearly 200 feet. It looks picturesque enough to tempt visitors seeing it, as I do, only in pictured form. For the rest these Catskills are the legendary land of Rip Van Winkle, a hero of romance who for his long sleep may be said to take in the literature of America the place that the Sleeping Beauty does in that of Europe. UJLiATiS. There are villages among those famous mountains, the tallest of which I am told is not that capped by the hotel, but another, the "Round Top," of 1000 feet high. At one point I am bid to trace, mostly by tho mind's eye, the figure of "The man in the mountains," one prominence indicating his knee, another his shoulder, and others the nose and chin. Fancy can do much in that way in the Catskills! They were made by the Mohicans the dwell- ing of spirits good and bad, and similarly in- vested with hauntcd-ground attributes by the Dutch before Irving's addition in that way, A summer's month of time might be well spent in coming up from New York overland to Albany through ail that scenery of which glimpses can be had from the waterway. In that manner the rocky Palisades would be passed over, and the dreamy valley of Sleepy Hollow. The Highlands also, with their wild ruggcdness which has gained for them such name. The prettier character of the country about Poughkeepsie might be reached by crossing the river and returning to tho West- ern side for the scenery of the Catskills as a finish to the journey. Nothing less than a month could be thought of for so seeing the sides of the American Rhine for that 150 milea or so that I see in this day's steamer trip. Albany boasts nearly 100,000 of in- habitants, and is building for itself new buildings of a head- quarters character — Capitol, State Hall and city ditto. It has a pretentious cathedral, and a like canal that runs from here to Lake Erie, and was a wonderful un- dertaking in those engineering days that pre- ceded railways. That water made it then what its railways do now — a depot for the lakes, and via the lakes, of Canadian trade. Its foundation as a prosperous city was laid in 1793, when it was made the capital of New York State. The steam navigation of the Hudson added to its trade, and the construc- tion of the Great Canal, begun in 1823, estab- lished it on a commercial basis independent of its other and official character. At Leland's "Dolavan House" I find the usual good hotel accommodation that one finds everywhere throughout the States connected with the name of Leland. I have seen it often in hotel connection right away from that 3000 miles distant San Francisco where I saw it for the first time. Hotel keeping must run in the Leland family, and it needs almost to do so, for it is not every one that can keep an hotel. Beginning here in this comparatively modest Albany one, Leland's Hotels run to a head, in all senses, at the Grand Palace Hotel at 'Frisco — the finest by far of all the hotcls of this world. Leland was to mo, however, only a name -- an abstract idea connected with hotel-keeping. If a bodily form pertained also to him, I never saw it, though I lodged often in his hotels. No one ever thinks of the landlord of an Ame- rican hotel otherwise than as we do of the man in the moon. I cannot recall that I ever spoke to one hotel proprietor, who was so to my knowledge, in all the long journey across tho American continent. Albany is a starting-point for excursions in all directions. Railways run out from it as sally ports to attractions on every side. I think that I will go on one as far as Lebanon Springs and Pittsfield, because that a placard hangs in the Delavan House here telling of the Pittsfield Hotel. I want to see what sort of man he can be who bears the name of "Cobra Quackenbush," and so signs himself as proprie- tor of the Pittsfield House. Another and greater attraction is to take a two hours run to see Cooperstown, at the fountain-head of the Susquehanna. I know of that place similarly by its hotel placards hanging about here - one of "The Cooper House" and another of the "Hotel Fenimore." I know then whom Cooperstown is named after, and think that I will go drop a tear on the grave of him who wrote the earliest romance that I ever read. There are more in- teresting stories, perhaps, than Cooper's Last of the Mohicans, but I never found them, nor will I ever forget Hawkeye and Uncas, Chin- gachook and Cora, of that famous story. The democratic Americans are loyal people after all, and are true subjects to the kings among men. Of that their reverential respect had been noticed in Irvington, and was seen again here in Cooperstown. Republicans give honor indeed where honor is best due if these be only fair samples of their doings. Left to my own resources, I incline after breakfast to take the line that will bring me to Saratoga. I am helped to that determina- tion by having heard so much of it in the way of its being a "live" place, and the one mostly so of this district. I shall get there, the waiter tells me, in something less than two hours. A London waiter would have been more of a counsellor to a stranger, but this man was of the like of all Americans, and saved his breath, the truth being, I believe, that he had his mouth full of tobacco, and preferred, as they mostly do, chewing to talk- ing. When giving a man credit for showing the wisdom, if any, of silenco, I made sure in- this country to first find that his jaws were free to wag, which was but seldom the case. Snratoga proves to be the Bath, Cheltenham and Matlock of this region all combined. It is the fashionable summer resort of those who go, elsewhere, to the seaside, and want no water for drinking purposes medicated, other- wise than with eau-de-vie. It is the resort of those who like to live for change only in those palatial hotels passing as hydropathic estab- lishments, and among the like of the well- dressed and idle company found at continental spas. People crowd to Saratoga as they do to a fashionable church, and for much the same reason, that they may see and be seen of others. The health of their souls no more attracts them to the one place than bodily ailments take them to the other. It is to get among the fashionable crowd and the gaities that would elsowhere not be so respectable, .that people go in crowds to Saratoga. All classes find their account in Saratoga, and so all sorts, even to Red Indians, come to where people for three months lead much the sort of life that they do at all watering places. The saloon keepers closing their gaming houses in New York, come to Saratoga for a time. Hither come the fortune hunters, as also those who have daughters for sale or exchange. Races are of weekiy occurrence for those of sporting propensities. The occasional invalid is pleased in seeing so many apparently sympa- thising with him, and taking a share of his physic. He thinks that he is then not so singular in misfortune, and looks on a world of make-believe invalids, as whom he hopes soon to be strong. If there be many in America who study life in all its varied aspects — all its shades of dark and light, here is the book of human nature open enough for them, the pages all cut, head-lined and illustrated, and the binding fashionable indeed. Saratoga sleeps for eight months out of the twelve, a sleep shown by shut up houses and hotels, all door and window barred, throughout the deserted township. With its leafless trees and desert-like thoroughfares, the place is then as dull as was the Castle of the Sleeping Beauty, and for much the same reason. The summer comes, as did the Wandering Prince, and with the warm kiss of the sun all is changed, and Saratoga starts again to life. In a week the change is as thorough as that in a pantomime, and not unlike it is the way that everything seems to say, with a painted grin, '"Here wc are again." The smile of things generally is a very artificial one at Saratoga. The enormous hotels that have been as empty barracks now furbish up, and announce, not their real attractions, but the fashion- able Saratoga excuses — the health-promoting springs. The springs of Saratoga made a memorable impression on me — an internal one — that I sball not soon forget, and thought that I should never get over. I trace them out one after another as I ramble about the place, and find I believc most of them. As nobody interferes with me, I drink of each. The "High Rock" is the first one I come upon, and soon after- wards the "Saratoga Star," "The Hathorn," "The Columbian," "The Congress," and "The Empire." No caution of any kind as to the nature of the water and its effects are exhibited at any of these springs so open to the public. Each water has its peculiar flavor, but all of it looks bright and spark- ling. I descend the steps in some cases, and in others go to the fountain from which it is flowing, and there drink of it from the cups handy to hand. I am in fact taking in each case a different aperient, and mixing them all up together, little thinking how they will fight it out among themselves afterwards. The Congress Spring is the most centrally situated one, and therefore most frequented. It was the first discovered also, towards the beginning of the present century, getting its name from the member of Congress who was of the hunting party that here first drank of it. That its waters were of a highly aperient kind was found out by the whole of that com- pany before the evening. The why and wherefore of their trouble was rightly traced to the sparkling spring that all had drunk from aa it bubbled from the rocky bank. Strangers like myself are still left to drink of this spring in similar ignorance, and to find out that it is medicinal water some hours afterwards in precisely the same way. The spring made the fortune of the farmer on whose land it was discovered, and that of its purchasers, and of all the landowners round Saratoga, and of the hundreds of speculators who came here to thrive upon the bubbles of the Ccngrcss spring. Other springs were sought for and dis- covered, and Saratoga became a resort for those who wished for aperient waters as a change from iced water. The enterprise of hotelkeepers has been something to wonder at. 'The Grand Union House appears as a whole township in size, and advertises, what looks as quite probable, that it has the largest dining room in the world, and belongs to the late mil- lionaire, A. T. Stewart, of New York. The United States House is a little affair of 500 feet frontage, and covers only 7 acres of ground. Its ballroom is on the second floor, a little apartment of 120 feet long. For healthy exer- cise after drinking the water, it must be that this hotel has been run up six stories high. For beauty, however, as a building, the Congress vertises accommodation for 1000 guests, and looks likely to afford each a suite of rooms. After that I take little notice of The Columbian and lesser houses. In fact I now take little notice of anything, for I begin to feel very queer indeed. Something is the the matter with me, and.worse for me, I am' a stranger in a strange land. Fortunately I had noticed '"The Remedial Institute" on my way about, so that I see pro- vision made for me, should things get worse. 'with me which they soon do. I seek, however, the Clarendon Hotel, one of Leland's houses, of which I got the card at-Albany, and no moree is seen of me on Broadway, Saratoga, or else- where in the town, for the rest of that day. I had no idea, that I could drink so much mixed brandy and port wine aa I have to do now, and have yet lived on to tell the ta1e! Those six tumblers from Saratoga's different spring quite doubled me up with pain and made me of the complexion of a dirty ghost. The waiter has neen, he says, as bad a case, and to comfort me adds, "the man had to keep his bed for two days'." An American waiter only uses the word gentleman in relation to himself, everybody else he alludes to as a "man" only. "I am the gentleman," he says, "who attended on that man,'" as he has just now to do on this one. The powerful doses of brandy and port wine, which I feared must produce delirium tremens, sent me only at last into a sleep of twelve hours' length. I drink no more of Saratoga's waters, and believe next day that I must be a stone lighter from what I have drunk of them. My head is lighter to a certainty, but that is accountable perhaps to the brandy. One's waist band has become quite loose, and wants draw- ing in. I have become decidedly more genteel in figure, and leave Leland's Clarendon Hotel a wiser and a thinner man. A "kick" has thus been into my "gallop." I move about Saratoga very slowly for the rest of my time in the gay place. I am in fact too weak to walk much. "After the cleaning out you've had, you'll be quite another man!" is the com- forting assurance that I get for it. I feel quite another man, but am not gratified at the change. The man of the day before — and before the Saratoga waters —- was a stronger, livelier and better man than I now felt myself as being. 