Elias Laycock, the sculler. The following interesting letter, under the signature of " Charon," appears in Tuesday morning's Herald: SIR-It may be remembered that upon the news of the projected match between Laycock and Hanlan becoming known in Sydney a meeting was at once called, and the sum of 350 subscribed and telegraphed home to be applied in part payment of Laycock's stakes. The amount was duly received, and Laycock now desires to express his gratitude to those of his Sydney friends who came to the reserve. But for it the race would probably have fallen through, and he adds that the kindness was far greater than he ever ventured to expect. Writing of Trickett's meet with Ross, he days:-"Poor.old Ned has had more bad luck. He rowed and beat Ross as fair as ever man did in this world. Just after passing Hammersmith Bridge Ross eased up, and both fouled, Ned stopped, and let him go on, so that Ross got by far the best of it. Ned the V. .?. went in chase, and passed him, coming in first ; Igt N. Z Mr. Ireland, the umpire (who, it appears, did i, ''JJ ' seethe foul), ordered the race to be rowed over a again, As soon as be uttered the words I almost wife gave up the ghost, for Ned looked dreadfully bad, 'fate and I fancied he would get worse, which b" ' .'. all that was on the Monday, and the race war ',. HjJ rowed off on the following Saturday. Nf AI J went down to Eastbourne, to see if the inside ">4 would revive him but it was no use, he got worse, Kit and was very bad indeed on Tuesday- "before his" stopped there until Fr; but . sees' W provement; he revived -say ni&«.7?g Kr was anything but fit aT ^.,, without any ask know the result. He a little on Saturday's area not food in/<l.n«/l V- - 6-3 --- Luca has been inclined Ross is so elated at bo lenged me in to-day's weeks for 200 a. side, row in four or five wet Hanlan I should like We had very cold we the last fortnight he enough for anything quite desolate, and in a dreary aspect. I h go in for hard work is hard to tackle it same ground. Our t change from old for to w a hard race. t%. is a getting better now, by toss again in Engls attafe-<him that he has 1 Sportsman to row in ei I have answered that I w. as for £200. Before I met to have another go at his father a short time back ; be s bsen beautiful, quite warm, , ; but all around here look the leafless trees give every to have had a short spell, but n g again, After losing so much. " again, and have to go over j spend a iS. Pte Eastbourne was a plea', Honours' BW Thames. To-morrow, I] am race with H into yet another boat -built on to a - - toys among the Geordie, -who e, it facing." Of his prospects in 'Papua (mean he is silent ; but his mo V A site week before the greater coming and one hardly kn of. jobs Kolb ' red or amused at the port of convey:. its own .m>,i0Q he treats such matter whether to be as trying to the champion and . indifference with w8UCcessfuuy measured blades Though he intends bW anxious to return home has successfully one should ask, is it not time that with him, yet he is a practical manner to recog I again. And now, IA groweRS and unflinching death is steps should beiakaiiee(ije88 to repeat the cir' . rise our countryman home, his trouble' a termination P It island, But he be stances of his vote often read of a his arrival in Eng race, trite' races there; but wast celebre?' in the Hop Bittitnessed as the finest and [\ and that have ever been way ? course often have threaten the born in al. 4 yrs fell fa intersted, in 'a .. say we are grey E T 'jo from the wanderings just 588 as myself, we may pe/O/ç, stating, at the veryJ/so& JOn he sprang, that its offer as which have made the,. Ply j I would conclude" -for the London Sports say; so leading article contest, between Laycock ' ''F Laycock in his his '-? am not such a fa J "E J Hanlan and the<-'4»?oo can pull wellen"»;/»,, them on their j[Boj0. urged chimneys so redoubtable oil 414 will be better Tour four successes 0,9 defeat. Bute pB" flexible. Head,,,, that he is to "Br chance is w 8 I patriotism they, and must Were the train left be heart on the such To abiding What would But tunat 16 per, pan. and utterers, the honour of a were he to prove vo guess," Cast not forget altogeth ful Ned Trickett. 