. YERONG CREEK. [I'llOJt OUR OWN COlllIKat'ONDKXT.] ALAS! that I should writo it; but a split hay takeu place in a Sunday school liot a thousand miles from here, which at this very momont is agitating the hearts of Fcttlcrdom, and painfully utYecthig those worthy people down to the soles of their very hobnailed boots. The ghost of Mr. Kuikes of pious and immortal memory, the gentleman who first inaugurated Sabath teaching, lias been sceu by reliable wittnesscs flitting round the boxtrees in our neighbourhood, with its handkerchief to its eyes, weeping. Dr. Watt3 or some other poetical enthusiast;, who wished to instil morality at the expensoof truth, wrote some verses which declared that "fiinl* in their littlo nests rtgrt'O," but as wo ull linow this to be a mistake, and j that the feaihered bipeds frequently fight' like any ot her bipods, there i3 of course noLso much reason for finding fault with theso fctlcre, Q9 thoro otherwise would bo if the doctors* ornithological statement had boon fact instead of tiction. What tho troublo exactly was I don't hnow ; but the loaehors didn't differ upon a point of doctrine, I'm certain, bocause that iB a matter entirely foreign to their nature and a long way beyond their recogni9cd measure of capacity. They may have had uneasy feelings about who was to be the leading man in their highly important eirelo, and occupy llio only chair in tho establishment, or perhaps Moggies may havo felt annoyed bocauso the Goggles girls had more scentod axle grease on their hair than his daughter had ; but anyhow, what orer wedgo was inserted into their equanimity is of no consequence, the-awful and startling fact stares us squarely in tho face that tho children havo been split into fractions-I mean factions-as they wero in the Crown* street row, and their sweet voicca are now to be heard oil Sunday afternoons from two buildings instead of one- tho soccders occu pying a briuk. collage in tho vicinity of the old shop, whilst the remnant of the original tribe slill use tho same bark slianly which they always did. It is a sweet and solemn thing-for those who possess tho pririlego and bare the necessary taste-to listen to these pure young voices every Sabbath day lifted up in. metrical praise, the original bark faction singing out to the opposition party across the gravel, "Oh como to tho Light, sinners,come to tho Light I", whilst the brickitesjustas eagorly and loudly ro3pond by, recommending tho barkers to " Leavo tho poor old stranded wreck, and pull for tho shore!" Piety like this always affects mo, and is suro to meet with proper consideration oven at my un rogenorato hands, for it would never do to hido such sterling devotional merit under a bushel basket, when it con bo so readily mado known to a large oirclo of admiring friends. Go ahead, fettlors ! and my blessing (if it's of any uso to you) bo upon, you all. You are possessed of a fino heallliy development of true religious feeling, for which Iralway9.had a love and veneration quite: as-strong- as a black gin has for soap, and I wish you all luck, here and hereafter. If I writo any moro I'm afraid it will be something "quite too utterly," etcetera. Most peoplo liavo their strong point, and must" places too hnvo somo peculiar charac teristics which distinguish thorn from other less favoured spots, and causo thorn to stand out in prominent relief.-*1 . thought for a long timo that.floas and fellers weroour most important products here,' us they eomo to tho front on every occasion and ;aro troublesome in proportion to their insignificance, but I have altered my opinion now. "From this out" (us thoy say in these parts) I givo tho palm to a whnlcr who visited mo the day before yesterday, and whoso double barrel expletives and'curses-have, I- feel confident, nover i. been .. equalled since : the. time of Jonah, tho first whaler on rocord. If history is to be believed, Mr. J himself was d pretty fair hand ut denouncing, nnd must have mado it very hot for tlioso unfortunato Ninevites who incurred his dispieasuro;. but lio was not fit to hold . a eandlo to my man, who cun at a moment's notice, or without notice at all, mnnufacturo and.firo off a curso that would lame a horse for life if it hit him. I supplied him with a lit ile tea and sugar and half a louf of bread, and beeouso I happened to havo-no tobaccov to givo him until somo came out by goods train from YVagga Wagga, ho went sulkily away without even saying 14 thank you," and when ho got somo distance off discharged a blood-cunller at long range which might havo proved fatal had.it not: fortunately just missed; me. I As it, was:it splintered off tbo baric from an adjacent box tree and then went hissing and steaming into a tank about 300 yards off, without doing any further damage. I started oftor tho abandoned and ungrateful blasphemer with a matacca canol have, known as " Tho Convincer j" but an all-wise Providence not having scon fit to clipper-build mo for running purposes, I had to givo up tho .clmso in disgust. lloth literally and figuratively it gels rathor warm in this part of tho world as shearing time draws on, and both the sun and the boub of perdition como close. 