EASTER. Between our present issue and the next, the I great annual festival of the Christian Church will have been observed throughout Christen-1 dom, and every British colony. As commemorat-1 ing the central fact of our religion, it has always been regarded as the chief festival of the year, and since its institution has, by some I sections of the Church, been observed with a J stately and elaborate ceremonial. The word Easter is derived from the Anglo- Saxon, I Eastre, Eoster ; German, Ostern ; and is without doubt a survival from the old Teutonic I mythology. To those of. our readers who have been taught to believe that Easter, as a Chris-1 tian festival, is founded on apoBtolic practice, and enforced by apostolic authority, this may appear somewhat startling. It is, nevertheless, perfectly true, and the venerable Bede, who was intimately acquainted with the subject, assures us that "Eoster" is derived from the goddess of spring. It is somewhat remarkable that there is no trace of Easter as a Christian festival in the New Testament, or in the writings of the apostolic fathers. Some, indeed, have supposed that 1st Corinthians v. 7, 8, has reterence to it, and is a direct command for its observance. The passage reads thus:—" Purge out, therefore, the old leaven, that ye may be a new lump, as ye are unleavened. For even Christ our passover is sacrificed for us. Therefore, let us _ keep tile feast, not with old leaveu, neither with the leaven of wickedness, but with the unleavened bread of sincerity and truth." Chrysostom, commenting on this very passage, says :—" It has been erroneously supposed to refer to an apostolic observance of Easter." Origen also speaks to the same effect. He says, " The Christian who dwells on the truth of Christ as our Passover, and on the gift of the Holy Ghost is every day keeping an Easter and Pentecostal feast." The fact, as it appears to US, is, that the sanctity of special times or places was an idea quite alien from the early Christian mind. They were too profoundly absorbed in the events to think of their external accidents. The keeping of Easter, however, must have become common at a very early period of the Church's history, and led to many a long-continued and angry discussion as to the proper time for its observance. Some observed it at one season and some at another. Pierce and bitter were the quarrels which followed. Loud and deep were the anathemas they hurled at each other. The central truth of which its observance was commemorative was lost sight of. The great event was forgotten, and around the external accident the battle raged with terrible fury. At last the Pope of Rome, who had, somehow or other, come to be regarded as the arbiter of the Christian world, ultimately settled the question so far at least as the Western churches were concerned. It is not a little interesting to know that the early British Church always commemorated the crucifixion on a Friday and the resurrection on a Sunday. Afterwards the rule was laid down, which is still observed, that Easter Day is the first Sund a y a f t e r t h e U t h_ n o t the full moon-of the calendar March 21. moon, After which all, happens however, on it or is next not after with the external celebration of the day we have so much to do as with the great event itself. In that noble chapter which we read over the graves of our beloved dead, and to which we I listen with such mingled feelings of sorrow and ^e apostle exclaims-- But now is Chr.st risen from the dead, and become the first-fruits of them who sleep; for since by man came death, by man came also the resurrection of the dead." Previously he had been arguing that " if Christ be not risen, then is our preaching vain, and your faith is also vain." But the apostle had no doubt whatever on the subject. He knew that Christ was risen, and that God hath exalted Him " with His right hand, to be a Prince and a Saviour, for to give repentance to Israel, and forgiveness of sins. And we are His witnesses of these things; and so is the Holy Ghost, whom God hath given to them that obey Him." great We have central called fact the of our resurrection holy religion of Christ : and it the is * , ^ ,, • , , ^ 6 s o' P a very A a r different t f r o m t h l s book t h e B to l b l what e w o u it l d is, b e t and 0 u s the alue we set upon its teachings far less than we now place on it. Let us bring ourselves to believe that Christ is not risen, and it would soon cease to have any formative influence upon our lives, or exercise any elevating influence upon * our moral characters. We should soon ome to regard it as Unitarians do—" as the ? ? ^J™^!® and the most interesting collection 1 0 ot writings in the world —but we should fail to recognise " its great moral and spiritual value." It would lose all its authority, a n (l w e should bp unablp to know what w , n? Oe una Die to Know wnac we believe. 8 We U i are a thankful, indeed, that on this subject the Bible gives no uncertain sound, Through the ages of the distant past, we hear to-day the apostle's glorious affirmation, " But now is Christ risen from the dead, and become the first-fruits of them who sleep." "Death has been swallowed up in victory." Those who have fallen asleep in Christ have not perished, for as Christ rose from the dead, so also they who sleep in Him shall God bring again. The Russians, who are members of the Greek [ or Eastern Church, have an Easter custom of accosting every person they may happen to meet on Easter Monday, by saying " Christ is risen," and the invariable reply is " He is risen indeed." Now this is nothing more than a mere custom which has been handed down from generation to generation, and transmitted from father to son j but with us it should be something more than a mere custom, an unmeaning ceremony. We are not, of course, referring to any external observance of the day, but to those internal, spiritual feelings which a constant remembrance of the event should awaken. We may keep Easter with all the stately and elaborate ceremonial of the Eastern or Western Churches, and still be far enough from " Knowing Him, and the power of His resurrection, and the fellowship of His sufferi g > being made comformable unto His death, If n s by any meanB we might attain to the resur rection of the dead." . " Christ is risen: He is ri«en indeed.' Ring out the bells of heaven! Ring out the bells of earth !— . " Now let the heavens be joyful; Let earth her song begin Let the round world keep triumph And all that is therein. Invisible and visible. Their notes let all things blend: For Christ the Lord hath risen— Our joy that hath no end." If we thus enter into the spirit of the Easter season, it will assuredly be to us a season of joy and rejoicing. Not a time of frivolity or hurtful pleasure, but a season of the highest, because the purest, enjoyment. 