Training- Notes. FLEMINGTON. Monday. The morning was a very bleak and cold one, but nevertheless Morrison's horses were on the ground before 6 o'clock. Allander and Alarm Bell did nice striding exercise, anc . Wellington, with The Czar, did strong work on the tan, the Cup horse sailing along with great determination. Mercury, looking well, cantered a couple of miles on the tan gallop. Belladrum ran a mile in lmin. 5Isec.,' and was accompanied the last six furlongs by Her Majesty, the pair finishing together. Chifney's horses did useful work, Harp of Erin shaping very well. Darebin and Terrible Billy went a couple of times round the tan_ at a very slow pace, the three- year-old as usual being very anxious to get away from his stable companion. Canary (who has since gone to Williamstown) did strong work. The Ghost, with Sullivan up, rattled round the tan three times at a steady bat, but hardly seems up to she mark as yet. Moran's jumping horses were exercised. Albyn, who is -very fit, cantered in company with Outlaw. Biverton, who is doing very well, ran a fast mile on the tan, and looks like being very fit when the Caulfield Cup day arrives. Warhawk and Lord Clifden worked on the tan, and after going once round, the two-year-olds Sir Oliver and Advent spurted fourfurlcngs. Nautilus, who is picking up, did strong work, finishing up with a sharp burst. Corioianus and Respite were sent slow on the outer circle, the last named going very well. Postmaster, Bosworth, and The Nutfc did gentle exercise. Whitebornhad somewhat the best of Roederer over half a mile of ground. The Cup horse Warlock, who is doing real legitimate work, cantered slowly round the tan, and then picked up Wizard, the pair doing another round at a good steady pace, the Cup horse striding along in rare style. The New Zealander Hilarious did a good working gallop on the tan ; this horse has gained many friends since his arrival at Flemington. Some excitement was then caused by Somnus ! throwing his rider, and bolting through the gate from the training ground, but he was stopped at the Bacecourse hotel, none the worse for the gallop he had taken on his own account. Idalium did three miles on the tan ; at a fair pace. Sir Modrel, heavily clothed, 1 did a mile on the tan at half pace, and was j then joined by Somnus, the pair rattling off two miles, when they shifted to the sand track and did another round very fast, the last half-mile occupying lmin. Sir Modred thus travelled over four miles, but nevertheless came home as strong as a lion. Messrs Cook's, Mahon's, Horley's, Cripps's, and Glasscock's horses also worked during the morning, but did nothing of a sensational ' character. Taesday. Owing to the rain on the previous evening, the various tracks on the Flemington train ing-ground were rather heavy going on Tues day morning, but this did not prevent them from being used at a very early hour. Mor rison was the first to commence operations, before 6 o'clock, by sending the majority of his horses useful work, Wellington, who is looking remarkably well, doing a good steady gallop on the sand track in company with The Czar. Chatterer, who is rapidly coming on, cantered, and then ran a fast once round with Attache, in which the latter had some- whatthe worst of it. Mercnrv and Rslladrum did steady work on the tan, both going well. Biverton also shaped well in a conple of rounds over the same gallop, and seems to have shaken off his lameness. Nautilus cantered twice round the sand track, doing the last half-mile at three- quarter pace. Terrible Billy and Darebin, who was very fresh and anxions to force the pace, ran a mile at half -pace, the Derby colt, of course, ranning over his companion all the way. Upon leaving the training- ground an hour or so afterwards, Darebin played up a little, and tried very hard, but unsuccess fully, to get rid of his jockey. Albyn, one of the fittest horses at Flemington, and Outlaw, exercised on the tan. Messrs. Cook's, Yeend's, and Chifney's horses did useful TnTrtl tr A f? itAh f ii wam J 1 1. . z u " wucmuia auo. me iwo jear- old Scipio ran a fair half mile, the latter holding his own with the Cup horse. The Queenslander, Sir Oliver, had somewhat the best of his stable companion, Advent, at the end of a five furlongs' spin. Josephine, the grey mare, led Lord Clifden and Respite for about a mile and three-quarters at a steady pace, in the course of which they ran a mile in lmin. 55sec., but though the grey mare finished in front of the other two, Lord Clifden could have beaten her had his rider chosen to let him, The hurdie racer Sportsman held his own with the three-year-old Corioianus in a spin over a mile and a half of ground, but tb8 latter is a very bad horse in private. Mr. Selman's Warlock, who has greatly improved, cantered three times on the tan, and picking up a stabie companion, did another round in excellent style, the Oup horse shaping in something like the u form" he showed as a three -j'ear old. The New Zealander Hilarious (clothed) was sent strong and long work on the | tan, aud his stable companions, Sir Modred, Somuus, and Idalium, who had done a great gallop on the previous morning were merely exercised. Besides the above, any number of horses were worked, but the above are She most interesting features of a rather dull morning's work. Wednesday. There Was Very little work done this morn ing. the weather being bleak and cold: Somnus and Sir Modred Were sent a couple of times on the sand track, the nrst-baoaed being very fresh and anxious to improve tfief pace. Messrs. Morrison's and Crook's horses did fifecfal work, Nautilus going well for a mile in company with the two year-old My Lord. Josephine and Golden Butterflywere sent together, but the latter, of course, had no chance with the grey mare. Warlock had all the best of The Wizard over two miles on the tan. The two- year-old Frying Pan cantered, and then ac complished half a mile in 52seo. Darebin was sent the Derby distance in company with Terrible Billy, but the latter was beaten off before the three-year-old got to the end of the mile and a half. Nothing else of importance occurred during the morning/ Thursday. This was a very disagreeable morning, drizzling rain continuing to fall at intervals nv. O 1 1- - T- 2.1 i.1 !l z u p v ciuca., uy waucu time sue majority ui the horses had worked. As usual, Morrison's horses were the first to appear, and the two- year-old Allander did a fast half-mile. Wellington cantered, and did upwards of two miles at a steady pace. Mercury (looking well) and Belladrum did strong work on the tan, the grey horse being. very anxious to improve the pace. Chatterer cantered, and, picking up Attache, the pair accomplished a fast mile, of which the Cup horse had all the best. Trumpeter and Hyacinth were sent long, slow work. Biverton, with neck- sweaters on, did three miles on the tan at a medium pace. Darebin merely cantered round the tan, followed by Terrible Billy. The Czar fairly lost Don Quixote over a mile of ground on the sand track; and then, picking up Alarm Bell, had also all the best of him. Somnus started 100 yards in front of Hilarious, on the sand track, but the latter had him beaten before they had gone a mile, the Derby colt finishing in a very unsatisfactory manner. Sir Modred did gentle work. Semiramide and Scipio ran a fair half- mile. The grey mare Jose phine, who shapes remarkably well on the training ground, had all the best of Respite in a once round on the sand track, the whip being applied to the latter several times. Sir Oliver and Golden Butterfly cantered, and then picking up Advent, did a fast five furlongs, Sir Oliver having a great deal the best of it. Nautilus was sent slow work, and then rattled off a mile at a good steady pace. The hurdieracer Sportsman besfcec Corioianus at the end of a mile and a half, the pair finishing at a good pace. Warlock cantered round the tan several times, and then being joined by The Wizard, did two miles on the tan at a good working pace, the Cup horse finishing in a very resolute manner, and, as a matter of fact, seems to revel in his ! work. Besides the above, any number of horses worked from an early hour, but the above are the most interesting features of a ; rather dull morning's work. 