DR. MQORHOUSE ON THE REVISED NEW TESTAMENT, The Sandhurst correspondent of the Mel bourne Argus reports that the Right Rev. Dr. Moorhouse, Bishop of Melbourne, delivered a ledt.ure on " The Doctrinal Effects of the Version of Uie New Tes» anient," 011 Wednesday evening at St. Paul's schoolroon, Sandhurst, to an audi ence numbering about 800 people. The lecturer was listened to with profound attention. The Rev Canon M'Cnl loch occupied the chair. Dr. Moorhonso remarked that he had not undertaken the task at this particular lime to criticise the scholarship of those who had been en- trusted with the work of revision— for, con- I sidering the company engaged, no one could : venture on that. The title of the lecture should ' have been " The Drift or Tendency of the New Version," but he wns afraid tliiB title might mis lead some of them, and that tliey mignt imagine there was a drift in the minds of the translators. This would be wrong, as there is not tiie ghost of a drift. He (Dr. Moorhouse) had taken botiio little pains with thisnew version. Some people picked favourite passages and condemned them. He had read the whole of the new version, but as time would not permit, he would only select a few of the passages by way of illus tration. In the fifth chapter of Matthew, the 22ud verse, the words "hell fire" were changed to "hell of fire." The translators appeared to be a little timid and conservative, but this was excusable when the nature of the book they were engaged on was considered, aiid the wonder was they were not more conservative. He thought tiie word "hell' should not have been left in the version,, but that the Greek word in the mar gin, " Gehenna," should have been used. The passage was symbolical, and Christ was not talking of the visible realistic, hut the symbolic realistic. Again in the 24th chapter Matthew,. 51st verse, the language which, describes the- future punishment was clearly symbolical, The ADOcalvDse was also svniholical. Inthe18t.li chapter of Revelations, 7th verse, the wordB- " And I heard the Altar saying," occurs. The words "Another out of "were omitted in the- oldest and most faithful manuscripts. Every one, of course, must know that the altar did not speak, and that passage was also, symbolical. The word " eternal " was rendered " nnto the ages," and it depended on the context whether "unto the ages," meant for ever or an indefinite time. The word " eternal" was changed in Luke xi. 18. In the last verse of Judo the word " evermore " occurred — the only place in the Testament— -and there it meant all time. It was interesting to note that the word " everlasting"' was always translated as " eternal." in the new version. Eternal related to astas — age, tiie same as in the Greek translation. In Titus ii. 2 the- word "eternal" showed the time was cylfcal. God: gave a certain system for a time, and then this would pass away and give place to another pro gression. The word " damnation " was entirely exclued, and very properly so too. The mean ing of the word had become changed, and was to mean everlasting .condemnation, . and had: therefore heeu abolished. In Romans xiv. 23, it was rendered " He that doublet). is condcm-. ned." In Corinthians, chapter x, 29lh verse, where the passage relative to eating and drink ing unworthily of the body anfLblood of Christ occurs, the word.v'damiiatioh" had been removed: and "judgment" substituted. This was simply a temporal punishment ; there was only a Slight reference to probation after death in tiie Testa ment, the parable of Dives and Lazarus being the only passage in which it was referred to iu detail. In every catastrophe numbers must perish whose probation had not been completed., did they believe that heathens and others like them has completed their moral and Spiritual probation when the accident of death completed; their existence ? It was impossible to believe it in the old fashion. They had to refer them to the covenant mercies of God. The 10th verse of the first chapter of Ephesians was also greatly changed, aud it nosv told them that Christ came- into this world to take our ftesh that he should eo improve the minds of ail-that they should reflect His beautiful Image arid sutn up alk things iu Christ. Iu the 19th verse and 5th. chapter of Romans, the article " the "' was in serted, and the words "the many" meant the whole mass of humanity, which brought them to the conclusion that God's love was universal. In the second chapter of James 14th verse, the word "faith ".occurs There was no doubt faith could save ; but a man having faith who hath, works also could not be saved, and this was borne- ! out in the new translation. After some reference to the word " the" in several places, the lecturer said that the new version accentuated wonder fully the vr-lue of the spiritual iu religion. There- was a great cIiange'notiGeahle in John v.. where tiie whole of the whole fourth verse which re lated to the angel of the Lord troubling the- waters of a certain pool was omitted. This pas sage did not exist iu the ancient version, and its. omission was the welcome removal of a bur den. He said this not because he did not be lieve in the miraculous, for Jesus Christ was. the greatest miracle, but this was a miracle of a peculiar character. Several other expres sions used in tiie old version had disappeared altogether. There were some who were in the habit of making much of conversion in their- preaching. There were only two passages in which the favourite word " conversion," new oc curred — in the Acts and in James.. The word really meant turning good to evil or evil to good; and it is now rendered "turned." Except ye turn ye shall in no wise enter the kingdom of heaven ; except ye uini jwju uuceme uuiuiuijy tuuepeu0- dent like little children, ye shall not find the kingdom of heaven. The turning from wilful ness to "ependi nee was more perfect when it was- done slowly and quietly than when done sudden and rapidly. The net result of the work was. a drift and tendency to obliterate the sterner statements of the old version. The alterations were not made capriciously, nor had any effort been mede to adapt the text either to the sup posed historical necessities of the first century, or to the beliefs and speculation of the nineteen th century. If any ciiange had been made in the text, it was made on the authority of more ancient aud reliable manuscripts and versions, and compelled by the demands of a more accu rate 'scholarship. The new version was a tho roughly honest, and this being the case it was surely very interesting to observe that the drift of changes coincided with the drift of modern thought. It proved with all its faults, that the drift of modern thought was healthy and truth ful. In this case it was to be hoped all men wo.uld he sincere, and scientists and theologians by enlarging knowledge would lead to the in crease of faith — a faith which is made all the - v more confident and assured quite as much by what it loses as by what it gains, The Melbourne Argus says : — " Among the passengers by the California mail is Professor William Denton, a geologist of high repute in the United States, who has been lecturing with great success in the principal cities of America,, and is visiting Australia for the same purpose. He is one of those scientists who deny that there is any necessary conflict botween religion and science, and w ho contend that religion should become scientific, and science truly religious. _ The machine, erected 011 hoard the Cuzco is said to he the largest cold-air machine yet erected on hoard any ship. It is capable of taking into its compressing pumps 80,000 cuhie feet of air per hour, and of delivering 60,0UU cubic feet per hour, at a temperature of 50 to 80 degrees below zero, Fahr. It is staled to be about four times the power of the machine recently used in the Protos, while it only occu pies half the space. 