THE MYSTERIES OF CRIME ; OB, The Experiences o? an Edinbtjbgh Detective. BY JAMES McGOVAN. LFuUfeliccl by special arrangement with the Author. All rights reserved. ] Thjhd Series. — No. VIII. McSWEENY AND THE SPIRIT RAPPERS. I happened to be in Glasgow when the chief sufferer in the following case called at the oifice, and the lady accordingly was referred to McSweeny with her account of the mysterious robbery which had brought her there. My chum, ever eager to dis tinguish himself in my absence, obeyed the summons with the utmost alacrity, but became slightly damped in enthusiasm whenever the suspected thieves were iudi cated. The lady, whom I may name Mra. Mcllwraith, ha'd volubly and excitedly begun to describe how she had a diamond locket and gold necklet stolen — the whole having coEt her £20 only a few weeks before — and then, when McSweeny enquired if she suspected any one of the theft, nearly made his hair stand on end by saying, wita the utmost gravity — ' 1 don't know any one who could have taken it. It must have been the spirits.' ' Tbe — the — wh — at ?*' stammered McSweeny, with a look of dismay. ' The spirits,1' calmly repeated the lady. ?' My husband is a spiritualist, aud a medium as well, and we have been perfectly pes tered -with them ever since he made the discovery that he is a medium.7' 'Oh, lor! and wh — at's a medium?' stuttered McSweeny, with chattering teeth and pallid visage. ' It's one who is under the immediate control of spirits.' ' Drunk, ye mane ?'' hopefully suggested the trembling McSweeny. ' No, no — in direct communication witb. the spirits of the dead,' said the lady, im patiently. McSweeny started up as nimbly as if he had been touched with' the braea handles of an electric machine. ' Hush ! missis — don't spake of them,' he breathed in horrified tones. ' It's gho3ts ye mane. Ye should'nt have come to me wid this case. I'm not the man for ghosts ; ye should have gone to Jamie McGovan, or waited till he came back from Glasgow. It's not my line, for betwixt the both ov us I lelave in them meself.' ' Dear me !' exclaimed the lady, rather Etaggered, ' and do you think they would actually bear off and keep a gold locket set with diamonds, and the necklet attached ':'' ' There's no botherasion and mischief that they won't try,' said McSweeny, re servedly, ' but I never heard of them envy ing any wan of their jewellery.' ' My husband tells me that tliey can lift a piano weighing ten hundredweight, and carry it upBtairs easier than seven men could carry it down,'' pursued the lady, half convinced. ' But did they steal the piano ?' enquir ingly continued McSweeny. 'No — Eot that I'm aware of. You see, they've the run of all the pianos in the world, and can play them 'without even lifting the lid, so they have no incentive to stealing one.' ' That's me own thought exactly,' said McSweeny, gathering courage. 'Ghosts or spirits, or whatever ye Uke to call them, is generally honest. They may gioe ye something, if it's only a pug in the rib3 in the dark, or a carry through ? the clouds by the hair of the head while ye're asleep, bat they don't steal. But what did your hus band think of it ?' ' That is the awkward thing,' said the lady, flushing a little. ' I dare not speak of it to him, because I bought the necklet with money which he gave me for very different purpsses — charities, missions, and so forth. That's why I hesitated so long before informing the police of the robbery. Mrs. Anson, a gifted lady medium, -who has been staying with us for a few months, and who is sometimes controlled by the spirit of an African, tells me it has been taken by him as a rebuke to me for my dis honesty' to his countrymen in buying it.' 'Oh', indeed?' said McSweeny, with fresh interest; 'and was this lady with ye when the thing was stolen ?' ' Oh, yes, she is with us still. One day last week she was suddenly controlled — l hat is, the fell into a trance — and very soon this tormenting negro spoJre through her, and said something about jewellery, with a great deal of chuckling and laugh ing which I could not understand at the time, and the same night, when I went to the drawer in which I had the trinket locked, it was gone.' 'Did anybody know it was kept there f' said McSweeny, again becoming awed. 'Not a living soul — not even Mrs. Anson. She knew I bad bought it, and what it cost me, but beyond that nothing. I was very careful to put it where no one could get at it. The drawer was locked, and the jewel case in which it lay was also locked. I found them locked, and not an article dis turbed, but the locket and chain were gone. Tbe marvellous thing is that my keys are never out of my possession, and the lock on that particular drawer is a Chubb, which I bad specially fitted on for security, and could not be picked or opened with any but its own key.' 'Then you don't think that some rogue of a spirit — them kind that gives us plenty of work and fills all the gaols — had whis pered to this Mrs. Anson to dip the thing into her own pocket ?' 'Oh, ridiculous 1 never!' was the emphatic reply; 'Mrs. Anson is a lady, and has more jewellery of her own, all re ceived in presents, than she has any need for— she is so simple-minded and ignorant that she hardly understands what jewellery means, and seldom puts it on,' 'She will be rich, I ropjjosg ?— ; have a' power of money of her own ?' enquiringly pursued McSweeny. ' Well, not a great deal. Her husbini, I understand, had such a violent temper that they could not agree, and he treated her rather stingily when they separated ; but she is a dear creature, and has so miny friends that she need never want.' ' You eaid you were pestered by the spirits ?' said McSweeny at last, becoming thoroughly mystified. ' Have they played any other tricks on ye ? or what did they do to pester you ?' ' Always rap-rapping — mostly in th9 night-time, and worst in the wine-cellar. Mr. Mcllwraith only discovered that by accident when he chanced to go down to tha cellar at a late hour one night, and found a peifect hurricane of knocks going on — all over the roof, and floor, and walls. Some nights it was worse than others ; and it was only after he learned to read the knocks that he understood what it meant. Mrs. Anson explained how a certain num ber of knocks meant a certain word, and then the rest was easy.' ' But they didn't do no mischief ?' en quiringly pursued McSweeny. ' Oh, yes, at times they did. Sometimes they would rap at the windows till the glass broke : we've had about a dozen Urge panes to replace. I've seen one sm&shei; right in before my eyes, as if a stone had been dashed at it, yet when I looked out not a living soul was in sight, though I could see such a distance across the garden and fields as to make it impossible for any one to escape without being detected. And what was still more strange, no stone ever entered at the broken window. It was simply smashed in by an invisible hand without a living beine in sight but myself.' ' Did your friend, Mrs. Anson, see the windows broke in ?' ' No ; her presence seemed to act as * charm for their protection. She generally came running down etairs_ from her owa room whenever ehe heard the smash occur, so there could not be the slightest sus picion of her being the mysterious breaker.' McSweeny was thoroughly puzzled, and, I suspect, began to have mingled with the feeling a wholesome dread that the spirits, the moment he personally appeared on the scene to investigate, would turn their bene volent attentions to him. Mysterious beings whp could lift pianos like mere feather-weights, and smash windows, and spirit away diamonds and gold out of double-locked recesses, and go rapping along walls, and roofs, and floors of cellars till the whole seemed ready to totter and collapee, were not what he could call com fortable companions. He continued to question Mrs. Mcllwraith till he wa3 sick of the whole case, but the more he ques tioned the greater grew his terror. Mrs. Mcllwraith was not exactly a believer in spirits, else she would never have put aside the advice of Mrs. Anson and consulted us ; but she had suffered enough from the mysterious tricks attributed to these roguish beings to make her half a convert. She candidly confessed that she would have been happier -without their kind attentions, and that she would have much preferred the African to allow her to be sole judge of her own actions in buying and wearing the missing jewel ; but there were the facts, and what could ba made of them ? McSweeny, it is true, mode a great show of courage and indignation at the breaking of the windows, and said it was clearly an infringement of the law, and moat he put a stop to at once, but in his heart I am certain he quaked as abjectly as a child cowering before its own shadow. Accord ingly, he made arrangements at once to go out to the scene of the rappings — a great semi-detached villa at the Grange — one oE those colossal modern buildings which one would have expected to be the least likely in tbe world to be troubled with perturbed spirits. If it had been an old building, aa he afterwards remarked to me, with a hor rible tradition of a comfortable gory murder or suicide attached to it, ha could have understood it all; but with a mere building got up to sell— a shoddy affair of sand and bricks, with a thin skin of showily polished stones, the experience was new. A detective, however, hag no choice — he must go where glory waits him; and McSweeny arranged to vbit Mra. McHwraith's villa that day. In the afternoon, accordingly, he walked out to the Grange, and easily found the great house, the back windows of which at that time looked towards Blackford Hill' without interruption of any kind. It vs-as a showy place, having a coach house attached, and a big garden and green behind, separated from that of the next house by a high paling of wood. When McSweeuy arrived the master of the hous» was not there, but he was introduced to the medium, Mrs. Anson, who did not re ceive him very graciously, and held a long conversation in a remonstrative - whisper with Mrs. Mcllwraith, evidently on the impropriety of calling him in. Mrs. Anson appeared to be more mistress of the housd than the lady who entertained her, and waa a good-looking, grandly- dressed, and ap parently accomplished woman as well. She took McSweeny in hand herself, and soon had him in a beautiful condition of terror and superstition, telling him tale after tale of the astounding feats of the spirits with herself'— one of which was nothing less than that of carrying her up through two storeys of ceilings to a garret far above without leaving as much as a pin hole in her wake. A friend of hers had. been carried by the spirits several miles on a wet, rainy night, from one house t* another without so much as feeling a drop of rain or a puff of wind — certainly a great improvement in - quickness and comfort, to say nothing of cheapness, upon tte commonplace cab or tram way car. Altogether Mrs. Anson im pressed McSweeny with the idea that she was a wonderful woman, and I have no doubt would have sent him away much more mystified than when he went out, had it not chanced that while they were con versing the master .of the house arrived. The moment his step and voice were heard in the hall Mrs. Anson and the lady of that house exchanged glances of concern, but before they could arrange any explanation Mr. Mcllwraith enteied the room. Then the mistress of the house, smiling sweetly, advanced towards her husband, introducing McSweeny with the words — 'This is an old friend of mine— Mr. McSweeny — an enquirer anxious to inves tigate and if possible see something of the. doings of the spirits in our house.' McSweeny favored her with a woeful glance of reproachful astonishment, but waa compelled to bow low and take the eagerly proffered band of the retired merchant. '?Oh, I'm not particular though the; don't manifest none,' he hastened to say ' I'd — yis — I'd rather be f order away when they begin, 'cause, ye see, they moight — just by accident, of course — hit me instead of a wall, or break one of my legs instead of a window, I'm apacable, quiet man, and would be the last to say a word agin an; spirits — especially if they wore good Campbeltown ones, at three-and-sixpenca a bottle.' Mr. Mcllwraith was delighted, and has tened to say that the spirits McS weeny bad so slyly alluded to would be forthcoming; in any quantity, his cellar having bean lately stocked with the best thatmonej could supply. It was McSweeny'a en quiring spirit that took the merchant bj storm, and my chum soon found that if ba only affected to believe every wonder de scribed by his host there was nothiag that Mr. Mcllwraith posaessed that he might not freely have commanded. McSweenj was forced to stay and dine witb them, after which, in the course of the evening, the retired merchant took him down to bis cellar and showed him where the most* wonderful manifestations and lappings had taken place. It was a dingy hole, the cellar, in the basement of The building, having a few barrtls of beer and claret and one of whisky ai one side, and a number o£ bottles of champagne and other wines neatly stacked at the other. (- Now, then, Mr. McSweeny, I think I can suit y ob,' ea\d tL« elated host, tapping . ' suggestively with his knuckles on one of iheljamla. ' Will you. have a gl*w ol spirits F' ? ? ' 'Ssitgnostsornlfcky ye want me to drink ?3 dubiously enquired my chum. 'Real Campbeltown whisky — twelve jeure old if it'a a day. I^got the bansel in only a month or two ago.' ?? Would a duck like switnmin' in a pond j cf -wather ?' said McSweeny, brightening { up and smacking his lips ; and a big gloss ?was accordingly produced and filled at the tap — iather a slow process, as the whisky appeared te flow in a very tiny dribble, in spite of repeated blowings and tappings from its owner. *' Something has got into the tap, I'm afraid,' said Mr. McIlwraitU in passing, us he handed the brimming glass to my churn, -who drained it to the last delicious drop, and pronounced it, with truth, in all probability, the fiaeat he had tasted for many a year. It is possible that he may have drunk more than one glafe, but at all events his courage began to rise, and a wholesome spirit of scepticism to take the place of his former superstitious awe ; and when Mr. HcHwraith pointed out the part of the dusty wall most infested by the spirit tap pings, he nearly caused his entertainer to faint by coolly suggesting that the noise might have been caused by the people in tie next villa moving about in their cellar. ' Oh, that is impossible, for the fact is tie occupants of the next -villa are teetotal lers, and never use their cellar,' was the prove reply. ' No, no ; it is simply that I am a medium, and am followed everywhere, and see spirits asd talk with the dead «j ener thau I do with the living.' ?? I -wanst had a hand in the tetchtuj of a medium — ehenv 1 1 mane I was present at a table - rapping business,' observed McS weeny, alluding to an incident already lecordedDy me ; ' bat the medium there was a regular impostor — tried to stab a particular friend of mine, after making the table tell some awful whoppers; but you haven't got to make your bread by it, and I don't understand it with you. Pm thinking imagination goes a long way.' « Will you believe it if you hear the manifestations yourself?' said Mr. Hcll ? -wraith, with undamped enthusiasm. ' Here, you mane?' enquired my chum, -with a loving glance, I suspect, in the direction of the whisky barrel. ' Yes, here— ?will you stay down here till about 10 and hear for yourself ?' McSweeny hastened to say that he would stay there all sight if the other would allow him ; and thus it was arranged. The evening passed pleasantly upstairs, where the most extraordinary stones of ghost seeing and second sight were poured into jUcSweeny by Mrs. Anson and the retired merchant, and then, after supper, he and hit host again descended to the cellar, in -which they sat in solemn silence for nearly sn hour. At eleven o'clock Air. Me II wraith, to whom spiiit Tappings were so common an occurrence as not to excite great interest, eaid he would retire, and, much to HcSweeny'seoneem, he did leave the cellar; after which the little courage possessed by jny chum slowly and surely evaporated. .Po&si;&ly; he would have fortified himself from the barrel, but Mi. Mcllwraith had taken the key of the tap with him. Abiut twelve o'clock, when the old house was still as the grave, McS weeny started up in his chair and listened, looking vainly and in credulously round the cellar, with his hair almost rising on end as he did so. He heard a sound, the distinct sound of fo3t cteps, but whether it was above him or under him he could not tell. The only ' tiling he knew was that they were near him — so uncomfortably near that he half expected to feel the breath of the invisible walker on his face. The feet seemed to walk straight across the floor, with a hollow, cavernous sound, and to pause ia front of the barrel in which McS weeny had taken so deep an interest. Then there was a sound like the putting down of a big can on the brick floor in front of the barrel, at which MoSweeny was now staring with distended eyes, then the distinct sound of the turning of a tap, and then the musical guggling of whisky flowing from the tap and falling noisily into the can. All thia seemed to take place before my scared comrade's eyes — right under his nose, in fact — yet the sawdust on the floor was not so much as ruffled by the footsteps, the tap seemed unturned, and no can or flowing ?whisky was to be seen, rub his. eyes, or pinch himself, or desperately tug at his hair, as he liked. 'Good Lord above us! what does it mane?' he thought, with a deathly sweat 'breaking out over his body, and making a feeble attempt to rise on his shaking legs. ' There's something in it after alL Can it be possible that spirits are fond of spirits, and are carrying away some to have a wake somewheres— somewheres over be yant there where they live ? Sure, I can't be drunk or draining — all that I tasted is out vf me head hours ago, t'&is.;, the sooner I'm out of here the better.' Still unwilling to make an ignominious flight, and half suspicious that the sounds came from below the floor, he got hold of a long spigot and prized up one of the bricks cf the floor, with the discovery that below there was nothing but the damp earth. Then he replaced the brick and scrambled out of the cellar as quickly as possible. He -was poking about in the room above, which happened to be the scullery, bearing the lantern which he had brought from the cellar, when Mr. Mcllwraith appeared, and heard his story with a satisfied smile. 'My dear sir, you need not trouble to search for them — 1 did so too at first, but they axe not to be found,' that gentleman hastened to assure him. Still loth to give in, McSweeny said— 'Mebbe it might have been some one in the green behind. By your lave I'll go out and hare a look round.' This was at once agreed to, Mr. Mcllwraith only telling him to do so as quietly as possible, as the ladies and ser vants were all in bed. The outer door at the back was locked and bolted from within. These fastenings McSweeny undid, while Mr. Mcllwraith retired to his books by the parlor -fire. Outside there was neither moon nor stars, and every window behind in both ?villas being in darkness, McSweeny, who had intentionally left the lantern behind, had to grope his way, after softly closing the door behind him. Scarcely had he gone thuB two yards from the house when he was struck a violent blow between the shoulders — a heavy hard blow, as from a fist of iron, and he jumped round with a loud and angry — ' What the 'divil do you mane ? — why ! ?—what! — there's nobody there !' He stood there groaning and squirming, trying in vain to get at the injured place ?with his hands, which I ctn testify was next day not only swollen, but nearly all the colors of the rainbow, and peering blankly at the closed door outside of which he had fully expected to see his assailant. McSweeny'8 feelings at the moment can not be described by me, as this part of his narrative was incoherent and vague. I suspect, however, that he dropped — that his trembling legs gave way, and that for some moments he was cowering in abject terror on the damp ground, uttering In all probability the most piteous entreaties for mercy and promises of less scepticism in future. At length, however, seeing that the attack was not repeated, he again turned to explore the green and ssrden, and had satisfied himself beyond noubt that no hidden aB3&ilant; lurked within its wallB, when, as suddenly a* he had before been nearly knocked over with the invisible iron fist, a hand seemed to descend from above with a sharp thud on his hat, to grasp it in its invisible claws, end Eft it bodily from his perspiring scalp. With a shout of terror McSweeny glanced up and saw hiB hat sailing steadilv and ' mBJestichlly up into the darkness,* with neither wind nor hand touching it, and then, with a shriek that no ghost could have excelled, he turned from the haunted house, dashed at the six-foot fence of the garden, scaled it like a monkey, and in a moment was flying as fast as legs could cany him through the Orange in the direc tion of his own home. How he got home and spent the night does not appear, but he had both a lengthened face and a wonderful story to lay before me next morning. 'The house Is haactedjox bewitched,' . was his serious rercark in concluding. ' Begorra, I wouldVt be surprised if it was carried off in blue fire some night, for them spirits or ghosts is moighty strong, as youll admit if you unbutton me shirt and look at my shoulder. There's no human hand could lave a mark like that.' I locked at the bruise and grinned cal lously, but I was really more puzzled than I cared to show. That there was same clever jugglery in the whole case I had not the (lightest doubt, but that I would be able to lay bare the tricks was not so certain. I went out to the Grange at once, and ?was introduced to Mrs. Mellwraith and her dear companion, Mrs. Anson. What Mrs. Mcllwraith told me did not tend to enlighten me much ; but, astonishing to re late, while I was busy conversing with her clpte to the window of the room into which I had been shown, the thick plate glass forming the lower half of the window sud denly crashed inwards in a hundred frag ments without any appearance of a missile having caused the smash. I rushed to the window. There, was no one in the green or garden below. I ran down and through the scullery, only to find the door fast locked and barred, as it had been, I was told, from the moment that McS weeny's flight had been discovered. I ran up again and was met by the servant, who had Been ?working in some of the upper rooms, and Mrs. Anson, who, with uplifted hands, ex claimed — ' I heard a crash ; it is surely not another of the windows broken?' Now, if there is anything more dangerous tban another it is over-acting a part. Mrs. Anson, it seemed to me, was over-doing her ignorance. Any o&e; with ears in his Head could have said a hundred yards oS that a window had been smashed, and yet here was she affecting wonder and artless en quiry. I hated the woman, and distrusted her from that moment. But how had the window been broken ? That was what concerned and puzzled me most. No missile had been projected into the room, or found in the green below ; the glass certainly had not been broken from within, for it had been done in my presence, and yet it wjs broken. My only solution to the difficulty was a suspicion that it might have been broken from above. But how F That was more than I could decide at the moment. Disguising my suspicions, I managed to get Mrs. Anson to descend to the garden and green to make a narrow search for any hidden assailant or missile, and the moment she was outside 1 coolly locked the back door and ran upstairs past the dining-room, up to the room occu pied by Mrs. Anson, which I had ascertained was directly above the room in which the window had been broken. The door was locked 2 Without a moment's hesitation I threw my whole weight against the door and burst it in wards. My first discovery was a nail in the centre of the wooden windowsill, for which there was apparently no use ; then I turned ont everything that was loose, knowing I had but a minute ©r two to work in, and at length came upon a heap of strong whipcord in a tin hatbox, into which it had evidently beep bundled in rough haste; near one end orthe cord was a running loop, and at the other wu a stone weighing five pounds, firmly secured. When the loop was fastened to the nail head in the window, and the stone projected violently outwards, I found that the cord was exactly of a length to bring back the stone with a tremendous thud on the shat tered window. Nor was that all, for in turning out a drawer I came upon another long cord, to which was attached a heavy handled carving fork. What this was designed for I could not at first divine, till a subsequent search in a locked drawer revealed McSweeny's spirited away hat, having two holes in its crown, which exactly matched the two prongB of the heavy fork, which had simply been dropped down on it with unerring force, stuck into it, and borne it off into the darkness, to the horror of the wearer. Other contrivances I discovered, the use of which I could not conjecture, but these chiefly interested me, and when I showed them to Mrs. Mcll wraith, she had no hesita tion in allowing me to take the cunning dissembler with me. Mrs. Anson, now hammering loudly at the back door, was admitted by me, and nearly tore my eyes out in return for my activity. I got her to the office in a cab, where ehe was at once locked up ; and then I had the most diffi cult pait of my task to begin — namely, the tracing of the missing jewel. I folly ex iiected to have found the trinket among Mrs. Anson's cunning, magpie-like stores, but I did not. It was only when I found that she had been in the habit of visiting some poor friend in the Crosscausey that I came on the real clue. The friend there I eoon ascertained was a drunken husband, a blind man, who nevertheless had been able to lisd his way to a pawnbroker's with the stolen jewel. So I took him too, and plainly informed him on the way to the office that the jewel had not been a present to his wife, as he insisted, but was stolen, and that he would probably be saved the trouble of journeying to the public-house for many a month to .came. Only one mystery remained ^unsolved — namely, the spirit- rappers in the cellar. I went out to loek after them, and after some investigation chanced to hammer the whisky barrel with my fist, when it gave out such a hollow sound that I insisted to its owner that it could not be full of good spirits, as he alleged, but must be nearly empty. To prove it I moved the barrel single- handed, but it did not come away from the wall without an ominous cracking, and when we looked behind we found some of the bricks dislodged, and running through then^a tin pipe, which had broken off in moving the barrel. To meve round to the next villa did not take many minutes, more especially when Mr. Mcllwraith had proved that his barrel of whisky was nearly empty. The coachman in the next villa in sisted that the cellar had not been entered since he came to the house, and that the key was lost ; but we broke in the door, and found ample evidence that it had been entered but lately in a keg or two of Mr. Mcllwraith's whisky, and the tap by which it had been run off still protruding from the disjointed bricks. I took the coachman with* me, and found the key of the cellar in his pocket when I got to the office. It appeared that he had not only been liberal in giving bottles of whisky to his friends, but had actually arranged to sell a quantity to a dealer at a cheaper rate, saying very truly that it was ' illicit.* Mr. Mcllwraith looked exceedingly sheepish at the trial, and appeared to enjoy the incessant laughter least of any one present. Mrs. Anson, the cunning adven turess, and her blind husband, got each nine month's imprisonment, while the coachman — the real spirit-rapper — got off with six. McSweenj got back his hat, and used to be sympathetically asked if the rain didn't get in at the two holes left by the claws of the demon spirit that bore it away. Of course, the violent blow on the back from the in visible iron fist was nothing but a thud from the five-pound stone let down on him by the ingenious medium, Mrs. Anson, from above. 