A LADY'S LETTER FROM LONDON. Oct. 2L The topic of the hone is Ireland. The imprisonment of Ur. Parnell and his leading assistants, the energetic action of the Irish Executive in the suppression of the Land League, and lastly, the news received this morning, ; that Dr. Croke, the Roman Catholic Archbishop of Cashel (whose advo cacy of Land League principles constituted a serious difficulty for the Government), has denounced the prison proclamation directing the tenant farmers to pay no rents, have each and all given unmixed satisfaction to all good citieens. With the suppression of the Land League, and the Bteady and impartial applica-' tion of the Land Law, an era of peace and prosperity for Ireland may fairly be looked for. What the fntnrs of the demagogues who have vainly endeavoured to deprive the IriBh people of the advantages provided for them, and to pervert their perception of the substantial justice done them by the Land Act, will be, it is not difficult to guess. They will no doubt be detained in prison until the country has regained its quietude, and when tbey are released they will probably disap pear. The account of the'1 rioting" in Dublin, which were alarming for a few hours, turn out to be greatly exaggerated, and the " vio lence" was entirely that of the roughs who are always, ready for miBchiet Private letters give' me very cheerful opinions mad views, .and in many instance* I am told that' the best feeling exists between landlord and tenant, and the terrorism of the Land League is freely admitted. There is every reason to believe that we have passed through the darkest hour into the. dawn. The recent tendency, to '' scare" which is promoted by the competition In sensationalism of the Ame rican press mnch to be regretted, and it is to be hopedtbet it will speedily subside. It has beexMtopleasant and humiliating to think of an English Prime Minister going about his own estate with a guard of police and as mnoh precaution as a Russian Czar; but snob has been the state of things at Bi^rdfgteipce the arrest of Mr. Parnell. .The qrauiwr of the French Chambers is lo&M;: tor wffh apafastod interest, and the political atinosphersiid Peris to undoubtedly thickening. General Farre's attempt to deny condition of tha "Army of ^ff^rOpweition <rfsS«lours" have ©oHeoted, and the interpellation" is.ex peeled to *pv*l r state of things which the Fremffi Repnb&o; will greet —-J marriage of Mdlto Gtovy with if. Dj^ Wdsorls to take place to* thtotofUiplape a splendid tih auw dajs. _ " be e cation* book i ittotobo hoped it will Boon be written; the verjr furni- I tute of the palace would supply many a text, ! The prie-ditu at which the daughter of M. ! Grevy will kneel on next Saturday to receive the nuptial benediction iB that which the Empress Eugenie used,, because it had belonged to Queen Hortense. I suppose a great number of your readers are acquainted with the building in Hue d'Anjou, which was built by Louis XVIII. to enclose the sad remains of his brother and the queen, when they were identified and reclaimed after the Revolution, and from whence they were transferred to Saint Denis. Each year, on the anniversary of the execution of Louis XVI. and on that of Marie Antoinette, com memorative services are held in the Chapelle Expiatoire. On the 16th of this month, the anniversary of the Queen's death, the service was performed with great solemnity, the attendance was very numerous, and on the conclusion of the services all present signed their names in a large book, which was immediately forwarded to the Count de Chambord. Several members of the Austrian nobility were present A most interesting collection of souvenirs is at present to be seen in the celebrated Salle des D6peches of the figaro office, where there is a pretty constant supply of " senBationB," few of them of such legitimate interest as these. They are the contents of a coffer piously preserved in the family of C16ry, the faithful valet of Louis XVI., whoBe presence at his execution was the last boon asked by the King, and refused to him. The C16ry family is extinct in the male line. Cl£ry left one son, who never marrie'd; his two daughters married, but had no sons. The owners of the last relics of the King and Queen are the granddaughters of their last friend. It has been truly said that the contents of the coffer are a postscript to the Journal du Temple, and if the Musee des Souverains still existed it might be hoped that the descendants or Clory would couaeut to bequeath them to it. Aa the Musee haa been auppreaaed, it ia to be feared that thia historic treasure may be dispersed, unless the Emperor of Austria and the Count de Cham bora combine to secure it It would form a fitting pendant to that which ia in the pos session of the Earl of ABhburnham, consist ing of the clothea and the watch worn by Charles I. at hiB execution at Whitehall. Among the objects contained in the coffer are the silver decoration of the order of the Holy Ghost, worn by LouiB the XVI. on the breast of hia coat, and which was ripped off by order of the Convention, and a reliquary in Bilver filagree that the King always carried in hia pocket These, which are mentioned in Clery'e journal, and in the report of the ait ting of the Convention, were) at first confis cated by the Commune, but were afterwards restored to Clery, the diamonds having been removed and sold by order of the Convention. When Clery was removed to the prison of La Force, he managed to pack up among the linen that he was allowed to take for his own use a few articles which had been worn by the King. These, bearing the signature and attestation of Clery, are to be seen, together with some autograph letters of the poor prisoners, and a few poor little garments worn by the unhappy Dauphin. This melan choly little exhibition has attracted very neat interest, and a great number of the English visitors to the Electrical Exhibition have applied at the Figaro office for leave to see it In connexion with this subject, I may mention that a compressed and revised version of the Memoirs of Madame Tus&aud;, which were originally edited by H. Herve, and had a very large sale, both in America and England, has recently been published by Messrs. Routledge, and is one of the most eagerly read books of the season. Its appear ance has revived the recollection among those who remember the Duke of Wellington of the pleasure which he took in conversing with Madame Tussaud. She had known intimately almost every personage who figured in the Great Revolution, from the King and Queen down to Robespierre and Marat, and had been lady-in-waiting to Madame Elizabeth. Her skill in modelling in wax she was forced to employ for the taking of casts of the severed headB of her dearest friends! How many of the multi tude who throng the great show in Baker street and stare at the quaint effigy of the talented and energetic woman who founded it, think of the scenes she witnessed and the sufferings she endured. London is filling, in Bpite of the fog; the theatres are very brisk* and the winter season ia likely to be a pleasant one in the social, sense. The Prince and Princess of Wales are in town, both looking remarkably well after their stay in Scotland and their trip to Swansea, where the deoorationa that had been put up at great expense for their re ception wets almost entirely destroyed by thestorm"of last week. That great tempest, is likely to be . as historic as the storm of 1839\. It has left its mark on sea and land, in wreck and devastation, and we Londoners, have great canse to lament it. Kensington . Gardens present a most melancholy spectacle; many of the finest trees, all of them old friends of the habitude, are torn op by the roots, and numbers have their heads or some of their huge branches snapped off. Two splendid alms at the head of the Palace Avenne, at which everyone, no matter how familiar to the place, need to look admiringly in passing, lie prone in an entangled mass of ruin, and near the magazine one of the largest trees in the gardens is rent into a miserable image of Heme's Oak, whioh was cut down some time ago in Windsor Forest The storm was an awfol one to hear; all the more awful, perhaps, that one could see nothing, and had only to dread what might be disoloaed by the morning light. To me it sonnded like the roaring of tfie eeaand the booming of c&hnon; all night long, and the next day I was enabled topccoontfore terrific sound which cams tome through the turmoil like what one reads of in sea stories when the mainmast of agreatshlp "goes" in a fierce death-dealing gale; across the famous avenne. of Holland-park three of the finest trees lay uprooted and smashed in their fall.' Sir Charles ffinb Bnfffii in London at present, and haa completed the arrangements tor the publication of the,.remainder of his Young Ireland. W« may look for the seoond volume of a work which derivee additional Interest with every development of the pre-. pent phase of the history, of Ireland, early pext year. In' the meantime Sir Chadea is folng to winter on tbe$iviera, and not alone. le will take with hlpn a ' * VlWilllWj W PHWKVU WW swap yiovs aw 4. nets at the Church of the Madeleine tin the 10th of November . A oustom which has long prevailed'in Paris is beginning to be adopted here, rife., the sending ont of Invitations to inspect their wane at the oommenoement of the sessohl by the le&ding; meroers and/oImum*., I have plays. 1 am partienlfcrir struck the for and beaver hour " wide satin strings on the very pretty. Silk is worn again, with stripes ; and long cloaks of a kind of Bilk Ioorb like watered ribbon are very fag] able. I am glad to see that really ar jewellery is coming into use. Some beat specimens of Renaissance work are to be seen in onr beet jewellers' shops i especially notice Borne beautiful coi medium Bin, of wrought gold and stee' in pearls, rubies, and sapphires, aftei best modelB. Messrs. Booler ana JonQ exhibiting some exquisite chatelaine carved silver, and a girdle, formed fri collection of clasps {fermoirs) of an books and MSS. in German and Belgiai lections, which is one of the most pt works of art 1 have ever seen. They bIbo some exquisitely-painted acent-bottl diminutive size, but executed with a m scopic nicety. At Messrs. Watherston's ] shown some diamond butterflies and dn flies of wonderful workmanship; these a be worn in the hair this winter, and al the throat (in the pinned bonnet-st that are dt rigueur), in gold and s jewels being " out" for day wear. 1 are fine specimens (at large pricei the frog ana toad jewellery, but I am h to say this perverse fashion has not t here. "Velvet is to be worn by everyboc walking-dress. I have seen some simpl very elegant pelisses with short hsi sleeves, and tight sleeves with fur underneath: also some gorgeous v] jackets, richly embroidered in gold 1 colours; those are curious rather thauba fuL Indian stuffs are very much ueed,j of course, very widely imitated; but Ii Lady Bective's well-meant attempt to i onr woollen manufacturers by inducing lj to wearJBritiBh woollen fabrics is destinj failure. The reception of Mr. Irving and Lyceum Company in Dublin was very considering the Btate of things, but it ca be fairly called enthusiastic, notwithetac the,'College Night," which was again accc to him. Criticism is free and origini Dublin, and while the press and the ni freely acknowledge the merits of Mr Ii arid Miss Terry they are perfectly alive to defects, and they discuss them with a froid which Beems almoBt audacious ai quite surprising to the Irvingites. I hop "run "of "Never Too Late to Mend "a Adelpbi will be sufficiently long to affoi those among your- readers who are con plating a viBit to London an opportnni seeing that piece. The acting of Mr. Ch Warner as Tom Robinson, and that of Cadhun as Jacky, is so admirable th their respective reputations rested these examples alone, they would be p beyond a question. The over "robnstn of Mr. Warner's style is fast diBappea and be has not been tempted or flattered the very least touch of that fatal affect which is inevitably destructive to good ac His fine figure, perfectly easy movem gift of walking on the stage as if it w room or a rpad, or whatever it is intend represent for the nonce, his frank winning countenance, and his delig voice (which drops instantly into the in tion that suits the character and moment), are all great gifts for an a and he combines with them the genuine of his art—not of his own exposition only—and a very rare appreciatioi criticism. Mrs. Bateman's theatre—Sat Wells—has passed into the hands of Chatterton, and has been re-opened melodrama with very fair success. Missli Bateman has gone to America, where shi made professional engagements for se months. The representation of Mr. Bnrni play " The Colonel," at Abergeldie Cast! request of the Prince of Wales, and ii presence of the Queen, has excited strong hopes among the whole theatrical fesaion that Her Majesty may be ind once more to extend her patronage tx stage. In the far past days, when sh< the Prince used to go so often to the thea the Queen told King Leopold how mm rested and refreshed them, after the ard toils of the day, to see a play (all hard-v ing people know what that means, ana understand the efficacy of the recreatii which one haB not to contribute anyth and it may be that the contrast of that with the present would make what was a recreation -only a pain to her now. may, however, hope that this will not b the encouragement of Her Majesty's a bation would indeed be great to the indj able amelioration of the drama that is d on. The " book of the season," so far, is Land of the Midnight Sun, by M. Pas Chaillu, the famous discoverer of the gc among monkeys and the Fan tribe an men. This book is the record of five] of. travel—continuous, "criss-cross," up down,,far and near—in the Scandina countries. He visited every part of: peninsula, from Malmb to the North ( mixing freely with the people, whose gnages he had learned beforehand, am every respect conforming to their usages ways. His descriptions of the phy aspects of the country are highly picture) and the thoroughness of the book is a ordinary. One feels on closing it that t iB really nothing one can possibly wai wish to know about Sweden and Norway Is not contained in these two delightful beautifally-illustrated volumes. < A less " likely" title for a thoroughly i able and charming book than The FoI tion of Vegetable Mould Through the Acjf. Worms ; toith Observations on their at could not readily be imagined, and yet t two epithets strictly apply to Dr. Dari new work, of which this is the title, course, it is highly scientific, but i deeply interesting, and comprehension all, while the author's record oft studies of "the conquering wormj quite captivating. His defence ofl intelligence isas convincing as it is ingeu j and one feels quite sorry to learn tnati an hopelessly deaf. Mr. Damn pla^ piano for those on which he SSU" huHEy pkid no heed^ nor w they be la^by the voice of the cna^ even when expressed The old Irish image for waut of sympj " You might as well whistie 3'gajft atone," may veil its diminished beaom i geativenesa before "You inigbt as the piano to an annehd. He publication of a selection fwm letters of Madame do ^®na8fti^t inU band and son has revived the gp» ^ felt in the famous memoirs of tM w Josephine's tjady iQ nali dem who M ^twSwS" ! SSSffSwSST* * 