CHILDREN'S PAGE. "LEARNING." AN AUSTRALIAN STORY FOR THE YOUNG. IT was on the evening of the last day but one before Shevuoth. I was sitting in my easy chair, before the fireplace in my study, thinking of a story wherewith to amuse the young readers of the Jewish Herald during the ensuing holidays. Outside, it was a cold, bleak night, with occasional showers of rain splashing against the window of my room. No twinkling little star illuminated the darkness of the night; the moon had hidden her young light behind the heavy, drooping clouds that betokened more rain to come. It was a night when nobody goes out if he can help it, and I felt all the more comfortable in my snug little room before a cheerful fire. The clock on the mantelpiece in front of me had just struck 11, and the members of my household, numbering eight in all, had long gone to rest. I, too, was sleepy, and would have preferred the soft pillow of my bed, but I was determined to develop the plot of my story, and from time to time I wrote down short pencil- notes on a piece of paper which I held in my hand. The utmost quietness prevailed throughout the whole house, all the outer doors being securely locked, and the windows fastened, so that nobody could,have entered the building without giving some intimation of his approach. And yet, strange to say, it so happened—how, I do not know—that the door of my room suddenly opened. At its creaking sound I turned round—for my back was turned towards the door—and beheld, standing on the threshold—a ghost ! It was an old man with white hair, and long beard reaching beyond his chest. He wore a long, green robe, of Oriental shape, fastened round his waist with an iron girdle, and in his hand he carried a heavy stick. A furred cap, of a peculiar shape, covered his head, while on his feet he wore heavy boots, with thick iron nails. At his entrance, all the books in the bookcase opposite the door—and especially the older ones, with the thick leather binding—made a reverential bow, and seemed inclined to leap towards him. But a sign, which he made with his hand, brought them to their former attitude. He then turned to me. He did not look angry, but, rather, smiled upon me, as if he desired to enter into conversation. I never believed much in ghosts, or spirits of any kind, nor did I ever desire to enter into any communication with the spirit world, as so many do—or, rather, pretend to do—at the present day. I had always found my time pretty well occupied with the affairs of the living, and cared little about the invisible world and its inhabitants, in which respect, if the truth must be told, I am altogether indifferent. But here I found myself face to face with a supernatural visitor, and I could not help asking, "Who are you, sir? Are you for us, or for our adversaries?" "I am Father Time," the ghost replied; and, noticing my astonish- ment, he continued : "You smile; you do not believe in me. More than 5,000 years have passed over my head. I was present when those books of yours, even the oldest ones, were written. I was present when those 'ten words,' which you value so much, were pronounced from tho top of Mount Sinai. I was present when Adam, for the first time, embraced his spouse; and I shall be present when this planet of yours shall crumble into pieces. Oh! you children of man, what are you compared with me? A thousand years are to me but a second; and generations long gone by, and unknown to you, are as fresh in my memory as though they still existed." I must confess there was so much truth in the ghost's words that I was quite taken aback. But I made bold to ask— "Supposing you are Father Time, what is the object of your visit at this late hour in the night?" "I have come," replied the ghost, "to furnish you with material for your story." "But will my young readere understand occurrences so long past?" asked I. "They will," replied the ghost. "Besides, I shall not take you back further than five-and-twenty years-but a twinkling in my calculation. Come, follow me !" "Follow you!" cried I, "through cold and rain, and in my slippers and light coat?" "The regions which we shall visit," replied the ghost, "are warm and pleasant just now. Take hold of my robe, and follow me." I felt reluctant to leave my warm room just then, but some peculiar charm came over me and I complied with the ghost's request. He touched the lower window with his stick and it opened as if by magic power. Out we went, floating in the air, over house-tops and church towers, and soon found ourselves on the open ocean. At a certain point of the coast the spirit halted for a moment, asking me, "Do you know this spot." "Know it?" I cried, "Why it is the very place where, eight years ago, the pilot boarded the ship that carried me to the Australian shores." On we went over the vast expanse of the Southern Ocean, north- ward. The air became warmer as we proceeded on our journey, until it was quite hot; but gradually it cooled down again, and by the time we sighted land we felt the soft, gentle breeze of a beautiful night in spring. On we went over mountains and fields clad in their richest garments of vernal green, over the blossom of trees and shrubs which filled the air with the sweetest odour. On we went through crowded cities and lonely villages, until, at last, we stopped before a small two- story house in a country town. It was a remarkable quality of the ghost, which I could not help noticing from the first, that he could make himself visible or invisible, as he liked, and whenever he liked, and that he could, and did confer this quality upon me likewise, and thus it happened that we entered the parlour of the house which seemed to be our destination without being observed by any of its occupants. There were three people present, father, mother, and a little girl, the latter being about eight years of age. The room in which they were sitting was very small, no carpet or rug of any kind covered the floor, neither was there any superfluity of furniture, but the people were, nevertheless, happy, and though deep wrinkles on the father's forehead showed unmistakably that the sorrows of life had not spared him, everything of that sort seemed to be forgotten just then. For it was Yom tov as the heavy, old-fashioned brass lamp suspended from the ceiling, with its six lighted arms, and the white cloth on the table clearly showed. The father was just preparing to go out, when a boy of slender build, delicate features, and about ten years of age entered the room, crying in great exultation, "Father, I know the first piece of the Sohar, I hope you will take me with you to the 'learning.' "Well, my boy," replied the father, "people here are not in the habit of bringing their boys with them to the 'learning' before they are Bar Mizvoh; but, as you have taken so much trouble in learning the Sohar, I shall take you." "Won't it be too much for the boy," pleaded his mother, to sit up so late to-night? Perhaps it would be better for him to wait a few years till he is older and stronger." "No, no!" cried the boy, "I can go now. I am sure I shall not fall asleep. The nice things there will keep me awake, and I shall bring some home for my little sister—a few raisins and an apple and a piece of cake, and anything I can get." "Father," asked the little girl, "what is the reason that you go to the 'learning' to-night ? " "The 'learning,' " replied the father, "is kept up in memory of the preparations which our forefathers made for receiving the Law on Sinai. There are four places in this town where people go to 'learn.' There they rehearse the principal portions of the Bible as well as ex- tracts from the Talmud, and after each section, the Kaddish is said, thirteen times in all. At the end of the ' learning' we read a few por- tions of the Sohar, and then offer up a prayer to the Almighty, thank- ing Him for His goodness, and asking Him to further grant us His blessing and protection." "What is the Sohar?" asked the little girl again. "This is a question," replied the father, "which I am scarcely in a position to answer with any degree of satisfaction, because of the great difference of opinion that prevails concerning the Sohar. It is gener- ally held to be the text-book of the Cabala, a pseudo-science much cultivated during the middle ages; but while some of our most learned Rabbis consider it a book of profound wisdom and holy thoughts, as old as the Mishnah, and perhaps older, others, equally learned, and equally conscientious, decry it as a book containing fanciful, myster- ious teachings and morbid ideas, the outcome of an over heated im- agination. I do not know which view is correct, but this much I do know, that not one of those that go to the ' learning' under- stands a word of the Sohar. But I follow up the customs of my fathers, and if there are things which I don't understand, I always think, ' God looketh at the heart.' However, more of it at some other time. Come, my boy, we must go now." The boy bade his mother and sister good-night, and hurried off at the side of his father. The ghost beckoned me to follow them to the place of the ' learn ing. ' "Do you know this boy?" he asked me, as we were again float- ing in the air. "Know him1?" I replied, " Why it is my younger self at the side of my father, God rest his soul! Oh, what would I not give to bring back that happy time ? Can you do that for me, Father Time ?" "It is beyond my power," replied the ghost. " Every particle of time once gone is buried in the great ocean of eternity never to rise again. But there is no need for you to recall that particular period of your life ; you spent it well. What you are now, and what you are destined to be, you owe to the influences of that time. Take care that the span of time yet left to you may be spent equally well." I said no more, but accompanied the ghost to the house where the " learning " was to take place. In a pretty large room of the upper story of a well-to-do merchant's house there were seated round a long table some twenty or thirty people, young and old, rich and poor, all in holiday attire. The hostess of the house, a middle-aged widow, who, since the death of her husband had made it a point to have twice a year, the "learning" in her house, stood at the door and welcomed her guests in the friendliest manner possible as they entered one by one. The table was decked with the choicest flowers and fruit that could be got at that season. Soon the long table was too small to accommodate all the guests, and a smaller one had to be joined. And then, when all were seated, the " learning" began. Every one was reading, in his own fashion, the lessons for the evening, some in a singing tone, some plainly, some loudly, some silently, all seemed very devout and earnest. Every now and then some younger member of the assemblage glanced, with eyes askance, across the pages of his book over to the tempting refreshments, but nobody dared to touch anything. Presently Kaddish was said, and a pause ensued during which the guests indulged in some conversation, or a smoke, or helped themselves to some refreshments. But this did not last long, for the "learning" soon begun again. Two or three more pauses spent in the same mannor, brought us up to 12 o'clock, when a longer interval en- sued, during which the two young ladies, daughters of the widow, who had waited on the guests during the evening, cleared the table, which task had been made considerably easier by the good appetites of the young "learners," for, beyond the empty plates, there was scarcely anything to be cleared away. Then coffee and cake were served. There was apple cake, and plum cake, and cream cake, and pound cake, and all sorts of cake, besides sweet biscuits and sumptuous little tartlets. The quality and profusion of the refreshments were the general theme of commendation, and the widowed hostess with her two daughters came in for a large share of praise. Only one thing pressed heavily on the minds of the younger "learners" as rather a dark spot on the otherwise splendid feast, and this was the fact that the big pound cake in the centre of the table was not cut, and that there was no knife at hand to perform this necessary operation. At length "learn ing" was resumed, and this time without any further interruption. After the twelfth Kaddish, the Sohar had to be read, and the delicate little boy of ten summers, having been introduced by his father, began in a clearly audible, though trembling, voice—"With 32 paths of wonderful wisdom did the Lord God of Hosts create the world;" and so forth, up to the end of the first chapter. He had not the slightest idea of what he was saying; neither had his listeners; but it was iust for this reason that they thought all the more of it, the Sohar being known as a work of the deepest wisdom—much too difficult for so young a child, even if he had but learnt and said it in parrot fashion. Heaps of congratulations were showered upon the father and his little boy, and it was a good thing for the future character of the little fellow that, in his childish ideas, he thought little of the compliments, and all the more of the extra piece of cream-cake that was awarded to him in recognition of his clever performance. All the while the ghost had been quietly standing at my side, but when it had come to this juncture he said to me—"Do you approve of this? Do you think this old custom of 'learning' should still be kept up?" "I do," was my reply. "I think it puts people into the right holiday mood, and impresses upon them the importance of the Shevuoth festival. It places before them, in miniature size, the whole structure of the Written and Oral Law, and shows them, in the words of our sages, that 'these as well as those are the words of the Living God.' It rouses a healthy interest in the rising generation, which years to come will be unable to weaken; and, above all, it makes us familiar with the literature of our religion." "Well, if you think so," said the ghost, "give your young readers a description of this ancient custom of ' learning,' so that they may, at any rate, read of it, if there be no opportunity for them to observe it." "I will do so," said I, "but first take me back to my writing-table, and my warm room. Come, spirit, let me once more take hold of your robe," saying which I tried to grasp the ghost's garment—but he had disappeared. Instead of his soft robe I caught hold of something hard—like the arm of an easy chair. The scene, too, was changed. I was again in my study, and a glance at the clock told me that it was just five minutes to 12. I had slept nearly a whole hour, and dreamt a wonderful dream. The shadows of the days of my youth had passed before my mind. The plot of my story had certainly not progressed in the meantime. But I gave it up, and, acting on the ghost's advice, I wrote a description of the "learning" as I myself witnessed it when I was a little boy, and even long afterwards. In this large city of Melbourne, with hundreds of Jewish families, there is at present, so I am informed, but one place where " learning" is kept up, and I do not know whether or not it is observed in other Australian congregations. If my young friends have an opportunity, let them by all means go. If not, I hope they will read these lines, and thus become acquainted with a custom that is still much cherished, especially among the young folk, in older and more numerous congregations than our own. 