BELFAST. (raosr ocb owy cobbespo.vdest. ) November 26, The County Court, held on Wednesday (a Government holiday by the way), did not occupy mnch time, only a few trivial debt cases coming before His Honor Judge Hackett. The one case that was of pnbtic interest — Noonau v. toe Belfast Shire Conn- ed. to recover the value of a horse killed by falling into an unprotected creek— was not proceeded with, His Honor having given an order to find security for toe costs, which, at the time tbe case was called upon, waa not forthcoming. A verdict for defendants was consequently recorded, with £2 2s costs. The winner of the Queen's prize at toe V.R.A. matches, on Wednesday —Mr. John Hanby— is a former resident of Belfast, and his friends here offer their congratulations. Mr. E. Atkinson, president of the Belfast Shire, informs me that he intends to offer a silver trophy for competition amongst the riflemen connected with onr local artilleiy. He suggests that it should be won three times consecutively, and the in terest in tbe competition maintain by adding money prizes for toe highest scorers. No doubt the details will be regulated satis factorily, and Mr. Atkinson lie awarded toe thanks of toe company for his generosity. Mr. H. J. H. Irvrin, teacher of the State School, Eoscbrook, after a residence here of over 20 years, has received notice to remove to Darn pa school, notwithstanding the prayer of a veiy extensively-signed petition asking tliat his services might he retained. Mr. J. T. Edgoose, who is classified by toe depart inent, "C. on 1 C. 2yr. Irg. " of Kensington, is expected to succeed Mr. Irwin! I had no intention whatever of ntariiTnr any blame to Captain Smith, nor therm? prietary of the s.s. Nelson, in mv remarks of Saturday week. 1 oinnM ui The disadvantages under which the Bel fast Hortiesltural Sooety suffer in toe matter of a suitable building in which to bold their exhibitions, bas given rise to a suggestion that an effort be made to erect a shell- building of sufficient dimensions to meet toe increased proportions of their periodical shows. The matter, however, of i-tmm. will, I am afraid, debar tbe entirasiastsfeom canying through toe proposals ; but could it ESV? tbat tbe old walls of toe Odd Fellows' Hall in Sack rifle-street mipfaf. be made to serve, and offer greater accom modation than at present obtainable ' The Map has tabled a proposal for the erection by the Council of a public weigh bridge ; to be discussed next next. Cr Magnet's idea re produced. The old dilapidated buildings adimnino the new Post Office have been pulled dowSf and tons a decided improvement effected in the appearance of the street. A young man occupying alone a home at the west end of Bank-street tbe other night entered his dwelling at a very late boor, when upon opening toe door nn appa rition in the form of toe orthodox whrte- sheeted ghost appeared before him; bnt whether the " spirit " was a visitor from the other wvorid, or merely an effect after a nighfe outing, I cannot say. However, the .'Slsss . flmliafaenilhra taken other premises, at a feMbow In TYanatraboea tot Belfast extdbitora appeared there in force. Nearly all the pot plants were from Belfast, j and of course toe prizes came here, Messrs. i THhy, Vofoey, and Fly being toe principal 