Nobelist. THE MYSTERY OF MAJOR MOLINEUX By MARCUS CLARKE. CHAPTER V.—(Continued.) A VOICE roused me from my reverie. Major Molineux himself was at my side. "Fayre, said he, "I have over- heard the last words of your con- venation. I do not expect you to pay attention to the vulgar fancies of an ignorant hind. The story of the wretched being who lies buried at. your feet is neither part of my history nor does it concern my family. The romance which was sought to be woven around his name and that of my dear sister's husband has been long ago proved false, and it was perhaps the grati- fication of a desire to preserve from derision the last resting-place of a man more sinned against than sin- ning which caused the report to first obtain circulation. When my niece came to live with me I caused the fence, which formerly sur- rounded Arthur Savary's grave, to be removed, and, unless some chattering imbecile like old Bagally had informed her of the story, this portion of the park possessed for her no more, interest than any other. The phantasies of women are innumerable." He spoke rapidly, and with some heat. It was qutt&evident; that he expected a reply, .and a direct one. ''' ' ' '*,''' ' W 6 one, Major Mouneusj' said I, ' is leBS superstitious than my self, but I hafrese1eii_s6 touch *f what is termed ^perstitidn^reetjlTe itself into fact, that! am not pre pared to pronounce any -fatittiy of the imaginktion '^ 'whoUy^aBel^BS.; But before: we proceed further, -tit] ine feel sure of my ground. I-ottme )inrA hrilv in iviv'»iltaPAj*f.At*'flaJ6.'nliir-' Bician in attendance npon a-patient who has teen ? made unavoidably ypjjr guest 1 fittf' $%$&;'$» '%o face' with an M^aor^mary; enigma — yourself. Your peculiar' studies, your secluded' life, above ill, yjour strange disappearauoo-.^oui a|i So-' oiety on one day in the week,: have combined to raise in me atJttrioBity whinh T Mhnnf oliflo^ 'NXTIiit %b (W mystery which darkens your life? ? Major Molineu£ planted himself firmly on his lebt,; and totik1 both; my .hands in ihls i--own. '^Sok^Buft was deadly pale.-and he «eemed to ' be nerving mmselfforatfr^ateffprt'.; 'Do not turn from me. Dp.^joj. shun me,' h&fcaifL; HBtA it not been for ^dnr iJBMiBtenoe';'.;I-3iad 'hevef in each, week- I^am possessed by a ' deviL' ? I. -r-'-;;'.^* ??-« «'«*! --*-r.ir- '-: ,-' %pe,,jBomJ0^^^itfle shaken, despiteimyiaelfeeontrpl, «s the powerful old xaau searched ''iny nf.' dtnnia— At-m\a iif .wrath.. . Taind deyila of discontent; «nd%e all are now^ndtttBn.lltth6metcyofBuch.' Ay, BudMqor Moljjieux^ . but to be possessed,' as-'l ato')' by no, I cannot speak it, T could not repeat,,nbr«t)uld:^ou listen- to the tale. .Forget w^tl have said, and' '^4» pressed my' Arm- Wthi^ain- fni mn\BhiiR— «i?bwi«itin tnfentifintb \- . may *elyo)lnne. ;'' fliid'now I must ;'?:;??' ?'?[ ^fOTeJ|rt^B^^4theiiou8ei*'iiot that I .touched only on indifferent toattere, he presided at dinner with Jjlis customary composure, and en tertalned us all with the stores of a wind acquiaitive of information ?'and fastidious in the. imparting of »'?.:, -: ?. ' ,v . ?'''' ? ^ The old gentleman was never more amuaing,' said Bochford, as I parted from him in the hall. ' When we move, Beatrice, I'll ask him to come to Ashmead; the Change would do him good.' 'Ask him, by all means,' said I, ' and X Will second your entreaties. If we can 6noe break the chain of recumng events in his life we may give him another lease of it Our intrusion, unwelcome though it was at first, has already roused him into something like gaiety. Miss Boch* ford should be well enough in a fortnight to be moved, for her case looks in every way favourable.' ??' -'Hdw^an lever repay yon for your kindness ?' said^oohford. ^ I. knew a method by which he pould repay me a thousandfold, but 1 did not think it wise to mention it at that moment. Aks 1 events toon 'occurred which' rendered it impossible for me to ever ask that favour which I prized so highly. ? On 'Wedtiesday afternoon, Major Molineux begged to see me alone. He led the way to his library, carefully closed the door, and, after much prelude, began to talk about his malady. ' 'I wish' to ask you,' said he, 'if it is possible for a man to be mad and know that he is mad?' : i '.'.There are different kinds of madness,' Baid I, feeling that I must speak' with caution. ' An in aine man may have luoid intervals during whioh he reviews acts done during the period of his insanity, and condemns them. A man may have an uncontrollable impulse to commit a certain act — as to jump out of a window, for instance — and yet be quite conscious of the folly, jatid even wickedness, of his morbid promptings. I knew a case in India of a soldier who was seized with just such a morbid desire. He felt compelled to murder some rifie very near and dear to him, and at last deserted in order to do it Arrived in the town where the ntended victim lived, he absolutely had himself tied up by the people 6t the inn, until the proper authori ties could be sent for to secure bun, Some months afterwards the object of his morbid luBt .for blood died, and the man at once recovered. He describes his sufferings while resisting his impulse as terrible. Surely no devil worse than this could possess a man. ' And yet he could hardly be called mad.' 'You give me a few grains of comfort,' said Major Molineux, 'though I have no such fearful impulse las that which you describe. Every ,week» from ten o'clock on Wednesday night until ten o'clock on Friday morning, I am the prey to the most bestial and awful delu sion which it has entered into the mind of man to conceive. I know that the fault is in my own pram, hnd jthat I am but the dupe of imagination. But where that fault lies I lave sought in vain to find. Science bnnjgs me no solace, and, though-: my sense laughs at my imagination, I dare not confront the ? hideous thing which my im agination has created 'to mock my Sense.'-; ? ?-?' ?' ?? ? g i 'JU Ypiiiare not alone in your mis-' fortune, dear sir,' saidX 'There ihave been many men, haunted by phantoms,' who have lived to make them but a source of amusement. 'The. operation bf: ghoBt -seeing is simple enough. We recall aland Bcape.which'wehaveeeenl We will iV to return, and it is instantly p^s^^TJ^tis'toiMylhat we project from us that which ire wish to recall, and look at it* and listen to, it, «s if If were again external to us. An artist draws a dead face from'memory, while a musician nlnvR an air forebtten bv his lewere— Uiesameeffortloo.ofwill, which recalled the uneaments of a corpse, and Jhe; notes of&e; opera, coold 'people a house with ghosts, audiuTttie darkness with the voices of the dead. ]i- \ ; : ,VAh»' -«'*.'*n!-:1Wor»--'^^.^ Sigh, 'mine a ao such iUusipnas tiioBe which you; have mentioned. NO voiceB of angel or of demon speak tb me. No faces, grotesque or enchanting, present Ihetiwetyes to my geize. ? My delusion, jand Selusion it is, though sometimes I ^'' talf p'etBuaded of its truth; ib so horrible, so-damning, so {earful initB' toaked insifitance of the beast inour fallen natures that I have been iemp^aii - .iipt pnije, but'; a hundred tinies, to set my spirit free from the K^esi^ke with Bober Vehemence -l'Tba^^uBifeehng~is part af the' delusion I^owjiut-aiat does not mate it m^M»«blITror .Bine years X .have endured a weekly agony compared with which the keenest torments of man's devising are as naught In body and in bouI I have suffered more than tongue can telL Save that my reason did not desert me, I should have speedily qualified myself for a place beside the poor wretch over whose grave I confessed my secret ; and yet I ask you, can I lay claim to the possession of reason when I am the sport of an imagining bo foul as that which torments me ?' 'But,' said I, gently, 'you have not yet told me the nature of this delusion.' 'I dare not,' said Major Moli neux. ' Yon would quit the house. To no ; human ear can I speak the history of my unspeakable degra dation.'' He rose suddenly. 'Td-tt»orrowisThureday,'hesaid, 'come Into my room to-night, and tee what I dare not speak/' and he left me. Miss Bochford had regained .con sciousness, and I hoped that the next few days would see her in a fair way of reoovery. Mrs. Boch ford had laughed off her fears, and attributed, as I did, the visitant's face to a more mortal source than that of the wandering soul of a suicide. Bochford was in high spirits at the approaching depar ture, and even Mrs. Pennithorne seemed leBB terrified than usual. I could not have had a more pro pitious hour for the investigation of the mystery which had baffled me, and I waited with much anxiety for midnight, which — being about the time I had seen Bagatiy on the previous week— was, I thought, a customary hour with the Major for taking his oddly-timed meal. I was not amiss in my calcula tions. Ab the timepieoe in the hall rnnor out the hour, the old convict appeared with the tray. ' Your master has desired me to see him,' I Baid, ' and I will go up with you.' 'As you please,' said Bagally, roughly *, ' but take care.' He led the way along tbe great corridor until he came to a double door. . ' ' If he is not waiting on the other side,' said he, 'you'll be lucky,' and, opening a slide in the panel, he pushed in the tray with its bur then, bolting the panel quickly. - I stood uncertain how to act. Bagally turned to descend the stairs. ' Will you not go in ?' I asked. 'Not for all the money in Ho bart,' said the man, his very hair bristling. ' Listen.' I bent my ear to the door, and could distin guish, the confused sounds of voices. 'Who is with him?' I asked. But the old servitor had left me. I was alone, and from the other side of the oak panel came a sound which caused my blood to curdle in my veins. In another instant I should have fled. 'Molineux ! Major Molineux 1' I cried, and rapped at the panel. The door shot back, and I entered. The passage was pitch dark; but in the distance I could see a lighted candle in what appeared to be a bedroom. I adyanoed towards it. The door shut behind me, and I felt someone place what seemed to be a hand on my shoulder. Major Molineuxwas right. Words refuse to lend themselves to the de piction of that which the horror ?tixed eye saw in that lonely chamber. CEAPTEBVL Mbs.. Boohfobd wbb tbe only person whom I met at the breakfast table the morning after my visit to Major Molineux's room. The Major himself, for reasons which I could readily appreciate, desired to post pone, as long as possible, an inter view with one wlio'hSa become possessed' of his unhappy secret, and Bochford had intimated his intention of arriving later in the day.' Now, that his daughter was out of danger, there wasvreally no real reason for his presence, which, indeed, was a daily element of dis turbance in the jsick room.' ~. - ','Wbjeri do you think that Beatrice can be moved?' asked Mrs. Koobford. ' I long to have her at home egain under my own roof; for, though Major Molineux is most kind and attentive, I ex perience a sense of depression in this -house 'which I cannot shake Off.':''' .?',.???? ?'. ???'?- ' .- ?? 'I quite agree with you that the sooner Miss Bochford is got home; the better/' I /replied, 'ihonghj !the. feeung qLwhich you speak is' attributableonlytoyourown anxiety, iand perhaps in soin measure to lie unwonted 4oiettide of -!astle Stuart after the bustle of Ashmead., Nevertheless, we must be cautious. I nevei like to disturb a case of fractarei however slight, for at least twenty 4ay8, and we have been here; but barely seven.' , !, , /- 'True,' she said; thlsisFriday. X had .'iMgottan,' kbA Jw .^jjUiji [- ? ??.??????? x ? ?..??.? at the vacant place at the foot of the table noted to me the circum stance which had escaped her mexngqr. Sura slight confusion in my manner must have betrayed me, for, with & woman's quickness, she said, suddenly, Doctor Fayre, you. look worn and ill this morning Tell me, do you know anything about this mystery of Major Moli neux?' ' My dear madam,' I said, ' I am a doctor, and I cannot speak even indirectly of matters whioh have come to my knowledge in the exercise of my -profession. Major Molineux; has been complimentary enough to ask my advice upon cer tain pointsoonneoted with his health, but I am as yet but very,partially in formed as to his caBe.' ' Nay,' said she, ' I did not mean to put an impertinent query ; but it' has oocurred to me that, in return for the Major's kindness to my daughter, Beatrice might, byand bye, rouse him from his melanoholy, and even win his confidence as to the Becret cause of his malady.' If you have ever chanced, when in conversation, to hear a phrase innooently uttered which conveys to your private ear a world of esoteric meaning, you will compre hend the quiok pang I felt at thiB sudden approximation of two ideas. Beatrice and my patient of hist nigh( ! That pure girl and that most unhappy being, whose hide ous hallucination made him doubt ful of his humanity. When a student in PariB, I had seen the body of a beautiful girl exposed on a dusecting-table for some needful demonstrations in anatomy. The sight shocked me then, and % as, obedient to the law of association, iha picture of that nerveleBs figure, so passive under the searching knife and exploring eye, rose again before me, I almost saw the pallid features shape themselves into a likeness of those of Beatrice. ' Do not think of such a thing, madam,' I cried. 'It is quite im possible. Miss Beatrice must never know aught of the — ' and I stopped abruptly. Was I not already com mitting myself ? (To ti continued. J 