QUEEN'S THEATRE. Mr. J. Dewhurst made his first appearance at tlie Queen's Theatre on Saturday night as Hamlet, and a large audience assembled to witness his per formance. In respect of physique, deportment, and stage pveser.ee, the new nctor has everything in his favour, arid tlie intelligence lie has evidently brought to bear upon his perforinano lias results I so successfully that bis may bo included among the best assumptions of the character given for some time past." His readings are marked by great liberality nnd discretion of treatment, atid while benefiting by the hints derived from attention to the work of oilier actor?, Mr. Dewhnrst evinces in bis acting that his own research and study have supplied him with many valuable points. His innovations are all in good taste, and his employ ment of the best features introduced into the per formances of preceding tragedians show liiin to bo a finished master in his nrt. The traditions in con nection with the part nrc respected as they should be, but Mr. Dewhnrst docs not allow himself to be in any way injudiciously influenced by them ; and on this hand lie does not strive to mako what may be termed his improvements so conspicuous as to bring them into any undue contrast with the ordinarily accepted readings. It is a Hamlet upon wiiieh it is evident considerable labour, time and thought has been expended, nnd the result is one of interest and suggestivenes?, if not of particularly striking originality. Mr. Dewhnrst apparently is n staunch supporter of the hypothesis that Hamlet's mind was not unhinged, and Hint his temporary assumption of insanity wns solely for lite purpose of carrying out his plotting? against tho King, his uncle. And this conception wns carried out with skill nnd consistency ; nnd in the matter of stage arrangements lie has shown a very rare nmount of common sense, and his effects nrc brought about so well that it is certain his ex perience in this direction has been long, nnd ob tained in excellent schools. Unfortunately on Saturday night Mr. Dewhurst was suffering from n severe cold, so tho full merit of his elocutionary power was scarcely recognised. Tho star might have been much more effectively supported than ho was, but 110 doubt ns tlic members of tbe company become better acquainted witb their parts, and have acted more frequently in concert, improvements will manifest themselves. Mr. J. B. Steele wns an im pressive ghost, nnd spoke the lines with cent, mendablc accuracy ami good effect. Mr. Melville was not successful in liis rendition of Horatio, nnd an excessive display of melodramatic acting marred the king of Mr. Griffiths. Mr. If. Stoncham played Laertes very spiritedly, nnd Mr. Haygnrth infused much of interest into his per- fnrmnnno nf Pnlrminn Mi. fl'Wpill tUAQ niYinsinc as the first grave-digger, and Mr, D. J. Barry succeeded in bringing the part of the first nctor into considerable prominence. Miss Marion Willis acted Ophelia with feeling and appropriate tenderness in quiet melancholy nnd simplicity. She dressed the part with attractive taste, nnd looked particularly well. Miss M. A. Melville was tlie Queen, and acted with dignity nnd her wonted success. Tito remaining characters v.-cre fully sus tained, and the tragedy was very creditably placed upon the stage. It is announced for repetition to night, nnd on Wednesday Mr. Dewhurst is to appear as Richelieu. 