A GHOST AT NOONDAY. ' tVe (Pull Mali (! awl It) havo received the follow ing narrative from a correspondent, for whose good faith and professional ncuteness of observation wo can vouch. lie substantiates his story with full uciaus or uatcs, names, anu places, wmcu, How ever, for the sake of the survivors, he does not wish to be published. Without nn; farther preface, we lay his letter before onr readers : — ' As my wifeand I were sitting nt break fast table with a guest, whom i will call Mr. A., then on a visit for the first time to our house and neighbour hood — our maid-servant passed out of the room on her way to the kitchen. As she closed the door Mr. A, Btartlcd me my saying, " I saw the spirit of a man following that woman, who, as ha pawed, said distinctly in my hearing, " God jitdgctli not as man judgcth. I am innocent of the murder for which 1 have been hanged. 1 was there, hut I did not strike the blow." ' ' What is it like V I asked. Ho replied by describing a young Irish man, whom I recognised nt once as the husband of my domestic, who a year or two before had been executed on a charge of murder, Mr, A., a complete stranger to the locality, had only met me for the first time two days licforc, and he was totally ignorant of ttie crime in which my servant was so deeply interested. For obvious reasons the subject was never alluded to in onr household, where the widow was regarded with feelings of sympathy which led us to avoid as much as possible nil refer ence to her husband's fate. I had previously good reason to doubt whether tho evidence ngninst him justified his execution. He had died protesting his innocence. His wifo and friends woro firmly convinced that, although he hail been in the fight, it was not. by his hand thnt the fatal blow wns dealt. In addition to this, i had good reason to believe thnt the real murderer was at large. Yon can easily imagine my astonishment when Mr. A. thus suddenly ventured upon forbidden ground, and abruptly declared that tlio spirit of a man who had suffered the penalty, and whose personal ap pearance exncLly coincided with that of the unfor tunate Irishman, was actually following tho servant about the house proclaiming his innocence in ncccnls which, nlthough inaudible to me, my guest declared v.-ere audible to him. I lmd heard that Mr. A. had been a "seer," but I was not a little startled at this illustration of his pcculisr faculty, I remarked that it was very strange, nnd informed him that tlio womnn whom ho had just recti for tho firat time with her ghostly companion wns really tlio wife of nn executed felon. Some timo afterwards lie exclaimed ' Thcro he is again, repeating the samo words V Intensely interested by this sudden and apparently supernatural con firmation of my suspicions, i determined to pnt tho scership of my guest to what I regarded as crucial lest. 1 told Mr. A. that shortly after wards I was going into town, and 1 should lie passing tho spot where tlio murder wns committed, perhaps his gliostly visitant might in dicate tho place wiicrc the dead man lay. Some limo afterwards wo stnrted for tho town. When we left the liotiso Mr. A. remarked, ' There he is following us,' alluding to the ' spirit.' When we had proceeded pnrt of the way nlong the road, which wns quite unknown to my friend, I made a detour to mnko a business call nnd went nlong another street, Sir. A. following me. Just as, without another word on ray part, wo were turn ing out of the main road, Sir. A. said, ' The spirit is standing at the corner. Hu says we nro not going tlio right way towards tho place whero tho murder wns committed, nnd which he lias promised to point out to me.' I replied, 1 Oh, we slinll comcout in tlio main road again byo-nud-hy before we reach tlio spot,' Wo proceeded on about a quarter of a mile, nnd having done my business nnd struck tlio main road again — which dif fered, I may remark, from nono of the other toads wo liail traversed — Mr. A. soon after de clared, ' There is that man just on there, waiting for us.' As we continued on our walk, I purposely refrained from uttering a word, or cvcti from thinking, as far ns I could, nbout the murder, so as to prevent any possibility of my companion obtaining nny clue. As wo were passing through one of the lowest parts of the town Mr. A. sud denly exclaimed 1 He tells mo that it wns hero that tho murder wns committed. It was just there (pointing to the plnco in the road whore the murdered man fell). I see tho hubbub anil con fusion rise up before mo as in n picture, with people round. He however, again tells mo that he did not strike tiio fatal blow. Ho docs not excuse hiniKclf from being morally guilty ns being mixed up with thoso who accomplished tho death of the man, but strongly maintains that ho wns not tho murderer,' I will only add in relation to the last incident that Mr. A, described tho exact spot where the murder was committed, nnd tlio circumstances in connec tion therewith. How can you nccount for that? Mr, A. had never been in the town before ; ho had never lived within a couple of hundred miles of it j lie did not know until a day or two before ho arrived that he would ever visit it ; ho could not by nny possibility havo known that tho poor woman in my employ was tho widow of a man who was hanged, He had no conceivable interest in deceiving mo, nor was he concerned to prosecute tlio matter any further. I have in vain attempted to account for his Btory, nor can I, on any of the popular hypotheses, explain to my own satisfaction how he saw that ghost at noonday. That ho did sec it, ho assured me, much to my surprise, when no ono clso expected nny such revelation ; and, whatever lie saw, it certainly led him to tho exact plnco whero tho murder was committed." 