THE BOOK-LOVER. vo n —BYRON'S SUPPRESSED . , SATIRES. In the earlier Pans editions ot uyrons D Vwp are Riven two remark-satires S are undoubtedly^ authentic, but were the English editions, out of suppressed ^ ^Iog;an published gtfraJ Marine in 1833, and their n,SraiK» created an immense sensation m Steraiy and fashionable worlds of London. As tlmse lioems are now merely literary inrio' ife their republication cannot do any i hi The burlesque notes written by Mvnan himself are api>ended to the satires— LORD BY110N'SgVERSES OX SAM Ik Question axd Answeh. QUESTION'. Nose and chin would shame a knocker; Wrinkles that would puzzle Cooker; Mouth which marks the envious scorner, With a scorpion in each comer, Turning its quick tail to stmg you In the place that most may wring you ; Eves of lead-like hue, and gummy ; Carcass pick'd out from some mummy ; Bowels (but they were forgotten. Save the liver, and that s lotten), Skin all sallow, ilesh all sodden^ Form the devil would frighten (jod ill. . Is't a corpse stuck up for show, ■; Galvanised at times to go > . With the Scripture in connexion, New proof of the resurrection .' . Vampire, ghost, or jjoul, what is it. I would walk ten miles to miss it. ; ANSWKH. Many passengers arrest one, To demand the same free question, Shorter's my reply, and franker,— ... That's the Bavd, the Beau, the Banker. Yet if von could bring about, ■lust to" turn him inside out, Satan's self would seem less sooty, And his present asjiect—Beauty. Mark that (as he marks the bilious Air, so softly supercilious) Chasten'd bow, and mock humility, Almost sicken'd to servility ; Hear his tone (which is to talking That which creeping is to walking. " Now'oirall"fours,no\\\~on tiptoe); - Hear the talcs he lends his lip to; Little hints of heavy scandals ; Every mend in turn he handles ; All which women, or men do, Glides forth in an lnuendo,. Clothed in odds and ends of humour— Herald of each paltry humour, Enmi divorces, down to dresses, Woman's frailties, men's excesses, All which life presents of evil Make for him a constant revel. You're his friend—for that he hates you, First caresses, and then baits you— Darting on the opportunity When to do it with impunity : You are neither—tlien he'll flatter, Till he finds some trait for satire ; Hunts your weak point out, then shews it Where it injures to disclnsc it, Is the mode that's most invidious, Adding every trait that's hideous— From the bile, whose blackening river Rushes through his Stygian liver. Then he thinks himself a lover Why 1 I really can't discover, In his mind, age, face, or figure; Yiper broth might give liim vigour,— Let him keep the cauldron steady, He the venom has already. For his faults—he has but one,— Tis but envy, when all's done. He but pays the pain he suffers, Clipping like a pair of snuffers, Liglits which ought to burn tlio brighter For this temporary blighter. He's the cancer of his species, And will eat himself to pieces,— Plague personified, and famine,— Devil, whose sole delight is damning. For his merits, would you know 'em ? . Once lie wrote a pretty Poem. ISIS. Y. 1, &c.; " C * * [Caroline Lamb] told me I that it was believed I alluded to poor Lord Carlisle's nervous disorder in one of the lines j [of his English Bards and Scotch Reviewers, viz. ' The paralytic pulings of Carlisle which, by the way, is an after-thought; for in | tlie original the couplet stood— . ' No muse will cheer, with renovating smile, The minor Byron or mature Carlisle.'] I thank Heaven I did not know it [humph]— and imuld not, conhl not, if I had. J must naturally be the last jierton to be jwinted on defects or malodkf."—Vol. ii. Y>. 207. We see how closely he adhered to his benevolent declaration. Whimsically enough, we find an anecdote in Moore's Life which connects Rogers's name with a notice of Lord Byron's lameness. " In coming out one night from a ball, with Mr. Rogers, as they were on their way to their carriage, one of the linkboys ran on before Lord Byron, crying, ' This way, my I lord.'—'He seems to know you,' said Mr. Rogers. 'Knowme,' answered Lord Byron, . with some degree of bitterness in his tone— -1 oTOrj- onckliuwama—I ftiildoforinod^^—Vmy jKissibly, Rogers, with his usual good nature, turned his ; "Eyesof lead-like hue, and gummy," on the shrank limb, and the glance might not | have been unobserved.—IIohhouse. V. 31. " Rogers is silent, and it is said severe. When he does talk, he talks well ; and, on all subjects of taste, his delicacy of expression is pure as is his poetry. If you enter his house, his drawing-room, his library,—you of yourself say. This is not the dwelling of a common mind. There is not a gem, a coin, a book thrown aside <m his chimney-piece, his sofa, his table, that docs not bespeak an almost fastidious elegance in the possessor. But this very delicacy must be the miser}- of his existence. Oh ! the jar rings his disposition must have encountered through life !" Vol. ii. p. 2li7.—Jarrings, we suppose, when one of the jars was broken. After all, this prose description of Rogers is not much at variance with that given m the 1 wem above. The chat of a man who piles his house with fastidiously-arrayed knick-knacks, prattles delicately on matters of taste, and makes himself miserable if the crockery ware I on his chimney-piece is not put up in apple-pie | order, must be " to talking That which creeping is to walking."—Jehkhey. V. 34. Letter 2S5. To Mr. Rogers. "You are one of the few. persons with whom I have lived in what is called intimacy, and have heard me at times conversing on the untoward topic of my recent family disquietudes. Will you have the goodness to say to me at once, whether you ever heard me speak of her with disrespect," &c.; Vol. iii. p. 217.—Her is Lady Byron. This is dated May 25. 1817. On March 3,181S, Lord Byron writes to this same Mr. Rogers (vol. iv. p. 91), "As for my mathe matical •*"*, I am as well without her." The stars are from Mr. Moore, the high-minded publisher of this honourable correspondence. No wonder that Lord Bryon should describe such a friend, with whom he had "conversed on the untoward topics of his family disquiet ude," as_ one whose conversation rejoiced in ' little hints of heavy scandals."—Lushin'gtox. = V. 59. Rogers thinks himself handsome. "Miss Villiers," [now Mrs. Granby Lister] said he one day to Newton the painter, "is a handsome girl. She has a tiic morte—I have a tetemortc; it is decidedly hands ime." To speak the plain truth, he has an intellectual face, and that is never ugly. When he was young, he must have been the devil; but now tliat lie is old, he is a striking looking person.—John Muhray. Rogers has been, in our times, refused by, 1\. Lady Davy (when Mrs. Apreece). We don't know that he has applied again since the exit of Humphrey Halieus. 2. Lydia White (Biddy Diddle); Wm. Spencer cut him out in that quarter—and then Wm. Stewart Rose. 3. Miss Crumpe;—done by Campbell here. 4. Lady Lyndhurst alors Mrs. Thomas. Easily won by the Copley. 5. Miss Villiers, above mentioned, now Sirs. Grauby Lister—the Dutch girl of the Yankee Raphael, (i. The I " Countess of Cork. 7. The Countess of Charle ville. 8. The Dowager Marchioness of Salis bury (last year). 9. Mrs. Coutts—beat by the Duke of St. Alban's. 10. Her Royal High ness the Princess Olive of Cumberland. This last was cool in Sam. We confine ourselves to modem refusals. We have heard that he pro prosed for the Duchess of Cleveland, and was cut out by Beau Fielding—but we think that must have been before his time a little.—Sir E. Bkydges. V. 75. Scott "is undoubtedly the monarch of Parnassus, and the most EmjUsh of bards. I should place Rogers next in the living list (I value him more .is the last of the best school); Moore and Campbell, both third," &c.; &c.;— Vol. ii. p. 275. This arrangement his lordship exemplifies by a diogram. Elsewhere, in the ?.Un5Z1'1? verses on Lord Thurlow, p.' 200— TJiey tell you Phcqbus gave his crown Some years before your birth to Rogers !" Ii 281; "Read the Edinburgh- Jicrieic of Rogers. He is ranked highly, but where he should be." Vol. ii. p. 92. To Mr. Rogers: i ou could not have made me a more accep table present than your Jacqueline. She is all grace, softness, and poetry," &c.; &c.; We may pass the remainder. There are five hundred commendations of the same kind scattered up and down. His lordship, however, it would appear, was not quite at ease about this said lioein, all of Brace, softness, and poetry. "I believe," he says of Moore, vol; in. p. nr, "I told you of Ja<n«y:. A friend of mine was > was reading— ;hton co.och. A reading-flf least a 'friend of his saw Larry and Jacquy, in a Briri,^ theSau§ior^°T]UP tlle and queried as to iwo 1'rol,net"1' ' There were " Av i1G answer of the unknown was ijl.,f' kL co,lce"i, I suppose—sunimot iwcasrts o Many more "fiainst 16 were P0,*rc" forth A„,,, " "th her nose aquiline. »t '"'S >eal opinions rtone of t'lio fr0In Rogers being the second Soi,? niii1 ^'t11 l'>™"id from the top, his fa^hat Ul ®yron's maturer years, His lo,vw"C? lvrotc ? pretty poem." f: lordslnp s later opinions were irenerallv •ounder than the first As he e^rlsse"* iuii l)u?y schoolboy, and his early lav, ,, Men pardon, if his follies pass away," And we therefore pardon all tlio early rubbish which lie wrote about lingers, in the day when Sam discounted for liiui. Tins last-quoted couplet, we may remark, is unintelligible as it stands in the present edition. The. "puny schoolboy'-' was Byron himself, referred to in a preceding line as " the minor Byron " but these words being: now struck out, the sense is ruined. The whole satire wants a new edition. Just thiuk of such an alteration as " Let Moore still sigh," (p. 27S) where the original was " Let Moore bo lewd,"—and no note. 0 fie ! John' Murray — 0 fie! John Wright.— Bkouohaji. • ' . ' - Ver. 74. A variation of this line was supplied by Byron.himself, and is given in tlie 398th letter of his lordship's in the Life:— " Devil with such delight in damning, Tiiat if at tho resurrection Unto him the free election . Of his future could he given, 'Twoulcl be rather hell than Heaven." When this lampoon appeared in JFrancr the Times published the following stinging retort, which was generally ascribed to the pen of ltogers:— EPITAPH OX BYRON. \- Here lies abard .Most evil-starred, And ne'er to be forgotten : His head was strong, And nourished long After his heart was rotten. These verses were written not lonjj before Byron left Italy, and wore called forth by a sermon or two preached by Dr. IsTott in Pisa, where his lordship happened to be residing at the tunc (1821—1822). The doctor made some strictures on immoral writings, and immoral liviiijj in general, which Lord Byron, or the English coterie at Pisa for him; took to" be personal. As we may see by his corresjtond ence about that time, he had become morbidly sensitive to criticism, and particularly anxious to prove that he was anything but an immoral writer. Tho doctor's remarks touched too close upon Cain and Don-Juan, then just published —particularly on the former; and this annoyed his lordship. He writes to Murray thus about it, vol. v. p. 30S (Letter 47!)): "There is no thing against tho immortality of the soul in Gn'ii that I can recollect—I hold no such opinion ; but, in a drama, the first rebel and the first murderer must bo made to talk accord ing to their characters. Jloircrcr, the. jwrsons are'all prcae/iih)/ at it, from, Kentish Toicn to Piai,—the; scoundrels of priests, who do mohs ! liann to religion than all the infidels that ever forgot their catechisms." The allusion to Kentish Towns refers to the Rev. Johnstone i Grant, who preached against Grin in. the chapel there. His lordsnip was determined that the prebendary should not go unpunished, and he wrote the subjoined verses. The main point of their satire rests on a story, that Dr. A'ott, who was tutor to the Princess Charlotte, induced her, in her girlhood, to write a pro mise, signed by her name, that lie should be the first bishop after she came to the throne, and that, on this trick being discovered, he was instantly dismissed. It is 4 perfectly. un necessary to say ..that there is no foundation for this idle tale ; but it was quite sufficient authority for Lord Byron's satire: he was never very scrupulous on such points. A NEW SONG, To the Tunc of the " Vicar and Moses." Do you know Doctor Xott ? With a " crook in his lot," Who seven years since tried to dish up A neat codicil To the princess's will, Which made Doctor Jfott—not a bishop/ II. .So the Doctor being found A little unsound ........ In his doctrines, at least as a teacher: And kick'd from one stool, A< a knave or a fool, ■ Has mounted another as preacher. . ' in. ' ■■ •. .■ ,<■. J:: that gown (like the skin Y.'ith no linn within) v lie still for the Bench would be driving; A;-d roaretli away, • A'iew Vicar of Bray, \- .Except that his bray lost his living. IV. 'Gainst freethinkers he roars, " You should all shut your doors, . ,. Or be bound in the devil's"indentures." An JI here I agree— For who e'er would bo » ; A guest where old Simony enters ! Let the priest who beguiled • His sovereign's child. To his own dirty views of promotion, - Wear his sheep's clothing still, Among flocks to his Will, And dishonour the cause of devotion. • VI. . Tho altar and throne Are in peril alone '■From such as himself, who would render The altar itself A step but to pelf, And pray God to pay his defender. . VII. i ... i But, Doctor, one word, ,r Which, perhaps, you have heard— " Ho should never throw stones who has windows Of glass to be broken ;"— - Ana by this same token, As Sinner, you can't blame what Sin does. :: ■ VIII. Bnt, perhaps, you do well— Your own window (they tell) Has long ago suffer'd -ire ; ; Not a fragment remains Of your character's jxincs Since the Regent refused yon a glazier. ix. . • ;■. Though your visions of Lawn j1 Have been lately withdrawn, And you miss'd your " bold stroke " for a mitre: In a snup little way You may still preach and pray, And from Jiishop sink into Backbiter. 