THE CONTRIBUTOR. • ESSAY FOR YOUNG READERS. BY J. A. W. The picture of youth silting in silence at the feet of age is one we love to look upon and it would be well if every young man would hang it up in the chamber of his memory. We regard with strong suspicion the youiig man who accounts the counsels of age as the babblings of a eecond childhood. In the aged we find at once all that is brotherly in sympathy, and fatherly m y C Th'ere is much to engage us in serious thought as the stately ship, chartered for a distant port, freighted with costly merchandise and a still more precious cargo of human life, unfurls her sails and begins to plough her way across the wilderness ot waters. Shouts float on the breeze, and adieus are waved by uplifted hands, but the question rushes upon the mind—Will the anchor drop in the waters of the desired haven? Will the mighty wave bear them safely on its foaming crest, or, lashed by angry winds, fling its load like a maddened steed—giving the fragments ot the vessel as playthings for the stormy ocean, and ol the living freight make a feast for the hungry monsters that prowl in the vasty deep ? Their future is dark as the unfathomed depths over which they ride. Unless steered by a skilful hand, thev will be smashed to pieces on the jutting rock, or swallowed down by the yawning whirlpool, or stranded on some unknown shore. And with what madness would he be charged who should make light of all these perils, and, without any provision for battling with winds and waves, proceed to launch his barque upon the treacherous sea 1 Such instances of recklessness are rarely found in seafaring annals. We niay think of the world as a 6ea, and life as a voyage across it. Dangers everywhere abound. Numbers are daily wrecked. Every hour the mangled form of some ill-fated voyager is thrown upon the shore. Very few manage with unriven sails, and with timbers whose jointings are sufficiently tight to resist all leakage, to reach the land of riches, honor, and power ; whilst many appear to gain the other side of life on floating rafts and broken planks. Life may seem a glorious thing when the sun appears to unroll himself from darkening masses of cloud, and to pour floods of dazzling light on waters gently rippled by the breeze. But night succeeds to day. Sunshine gives place to gloom. Calms are but the slumberings of storms, and soon they awake to roar out their mightier rage, and with wilder frenzy toss the fortunes of men! The young man is just leaving the near-shore on which his infancy prattled and his boyhood played. And if such be the character of the sea on which be sai) 8 —the importance of what will soon be gained or lost—the dangers which encircle him make it desirable that he should fully know what he is about. We love to stand at the source of a mighty river, and there to think of the 6ilent vales through which it rolls ; of the thousand laughing streamlets that help to swell the majesty of its flow; of the trce3 of giaut growth, the shrubs and herbs of humble name, the flowers of various hues that from its saturated bank suck healthful moisture through a thousand tiny roots ! For a moment stand beside the cradle of a little child, over which a mother bends with a something in her expressive face which eludes the poet's verse, the paiuter's brush, and the sculptor's chisel. She in ecstasy gazes upon the unfolding outlines of an image that is deeply graven on the tablet of her heart. But as we look down upon the sleeping babe, we muse of other things. There is the spring of life. With gleeful mirth it will sport for a short time on patches of swardy green, flowery meads, beds of springy moss and roses. Soon it will overleap the straits within which it is now conGned, bore its way through narrow gleus, wind round scaly cliffs, sweep over a wider space, and with resistless energy roll along the the vale of human activities, till the great sea of being is reached. A mighty power slumbers in that helpless little one. Those sealed eyes will soon flash with a glory dimming the fiercest blaze of the lightning ! Tied up in that handful of the rags of mortality is a jewel, compared with which the ocean's casket ot precious things is worthless. The simple prattle will crow into a manly utterance ; the fitful action will become a steady bearing; a keenly penetrating look will succeed the vacant stare ; the face—like a mirror —will reflect the quality of mind and heart; the puny arm will wield the implements of the world's husbandry; the tiny fingers touch the springs and guide the motions of the grand machinery which is made to do the drudgery of man. Eich stage of human life has its own peculiar charms. There is a deal to awaken interest in the youth when he bounds away like the hart; when sixpenny toys are accounted marvellous things; when the soul, like the half-fledged eaglet, flaps its wings and essays to mount above its nest; when the sleeve is turned up, the hammer taken, and the first ring fetched out from the anvil; or when the fingers tightly pinch the first earned sixpence. And there is quite as much to interest in old age—when hoary locks tell of many winters ; a crutch is grasped as though the hand of a long absent brother; the memory is like a sepulchre haunted by the ghosts of generations gone ; the creaking joints and shrivelled limbs are stretched on the softened couch till the Great Master shall bid the worn-out servant enter upon the rest everlasting. But with equal or even greater interest we look upon early manhood. The young man has just finished his apprenticeship for life, and about his shoulders the burden of life's labor and responsibilities is being more tightly strapped. He unites in himself the vivacity of youth and the gravity of years. The days of childish lrolic and boyish dreams are over, but the taste is not yet palled by gluttonous greed, and the energies have not been strained by over-taxing. The young man has in himself a treasure more precious than heaps of gold, and by his side the hoary-headed milliounaire is poor as the veriest pauper. The merchant takes his goods to the best market ; the wise man puts out his money to the best interest; the thought of good wages oils the workman's joints and makes him sing, though the sweat stands thick on his dusty brow ; and surely it is worth the while of the young man to consider what will be the most profitable investment of the energy, skill, and time which are now at his command. A valuable cargo ought not to be entrusted to a vessel built of rotten, leaky timbers ; a railway train, crowded with human beings, ought not to be driven by a madman; one pound notes are too precious to be torn in pieces and scattered to the winds; and a young man ought not to throw away his natural endowments. The man that shuts his eyes will soon find himself in the ditch; the tradesman that does not know how to go about his own businees will soon be a laughing stock and a bankrupt; and the youth who does not care to make the best possible use of what he now has is a double fool, and never ought to let go his mother's^ apron-strings, or dream of living anywhere but in his father's house. Before rushing into battle the soldier learn his drill; the traveller does not determine the direction of his journeying by the clouds of smoke and mist, for they take the same course as the wind ; and the young man will cut some strange capers on the world's stage if he acts always as though playing at blind-man's buff. He who looks awry will be likely to go astray. The man that cannot see, should have some other amusement than discharging fireame. Knives aud forks are dangerous playthings for little children; and so feet and fingers, tougues and brains, are terrible things when owned by persons that don't know how to use them. Every instrument has its own piece of work, and every power has its appropriate exercise. Each stone in the universe forms a part of the great whole. Powers and purposes, designs and agencies, are balanced with great exactness. Creation is not a heap of fragments thrown together by a freak of chance. All the world's masonry has been chiselled by a skilful workman ; and all the joints fit their sockets to a hair's breadth. Man is not an outcast from the great family of being, or a bastard in it. Man is not a cracked link dropped from the long chain of existences. Man is not a foul excrescence growing on the otherwise fair face of the world. Many is not an ugly notch on the tree of life. But it you have no apologies to make tor being in the world, and no disposition to confess that God made a mistake when he made you to be a man; if you would establish your claim to be honored as a man, do not grunt like a swine over a bushel of husks; do not bray like au ass when greeted by its fellow ; do not bore under the sod like an earth-worm, as though the earth were your only home ; but think and talk and act like a man. Eating and drinking, waking and sleeping, walking and resting, laughing and weeping, are circumstances of our manhood ; but if there be no manlier deeds than these, our dignity is sacrificed and our being demeaned ! All the strength and skill with which we are endowed are not necessary to enable ns to plough a cultivation paddock, to drop a seed, to plant a tree, to pluck an apple, to chew a crust, or to make a coat. There is something ridiculous in the sight of a giant baring his arm and mustering all his courage to crush a slim mosquito ; or in a mole being saddled with a mountain. We, however, are matched to wrestle with duties and adversaries sufficiently formidable to make us wary ; and it will be BOOU enough for us to boast when our work is done and our foes o'erthrown. Our Maker has not cast all men's minds in one mould. In the world are giants and also dwarfs, sages and simpletons, wonderous prodigies and staring idiots ; and from these differences in their mental and physical structure we may conclude that Providence has assigned them missions in life which as greatly differ. In order to a good aim, there must be a fixed and clearly defined mark. The first great question is, What have we to do I and the next is, How are we to do it ? All who leave our shores are not bound to the same distant land. All seafaring craft is not intendeid to do the same kind of work. The fisherman's outfit differs from the merchantman's ; and the outfit of the man-of-war differs from both. One star shines more brightly than another star. The hills do not all rise to the same level. Flowers are painted various hues. Men are called to different sorts of work. The family to which we belong is large, and if all its wants are met, Hiram must cut the timber and quarry the stone ; Simon must tan leather for our boots; Aquilla must build houses for us to live in ; Peter must take his net and boat and go a-fisbing ; David must shear his sheep and tend the lambs ; Abraham must sow his fields and reap the harvests ; Gamaliel must teach his school; Paul must preach and be a tentmaker ; Dorcas must ply her needle and make garments for the poor; Lydia must keep her drapery shop and sell her purple : Martha must make our meals and Berve our tables ; and the household itself will be all the happier for the romp of the little ones, clustering round papa, as they " Climb his knees the envied kiss to share." Some droueB are to be found in the beehive ; some sapless boughs are to be found upon the fruitful tree j and in the human family are some members that bring nothing to its treasury, that add nothing to its strength or beauty. We have no admiration for persons whohave courage enough to attack a roasted goose with the harmonious clash of knife and fork, but give themselves to a fit of fainting when a frog leaps across their path ; who are well skilled in the use of a pen and the fingering of a piano, but don't know how to seize a spade; who can sit on a cushioned chair or lounge on a feathery couch with a good grace, but cross the street in a shower of rain as though they were dancing to the scraping of a fiddle; who have finished their education in the school of fashion and in the starched mannerisms ot artificial life, but who would think it shockingly vulgar to call a spade a spade, and not an implement of husbandry; to call a pig a pig, and not a swine. These are not the loveliest specimens of human excellence, and a neighborhood of such personages would not be the place in which we should elect to live if nil the houses were rent free. A man whoknowshowto drive a plough or wheel abarrow will be able to live and prosper when and where he who only knows how to drive a carriage and iair will starve to death. A flowing well-dressed e jeard, a good-conditioned moustache, Havannah weed, turn-down collar, laige-linked chain, hooped fingers and Dent's best kids, scented nosecloth and the last number of Tlte Bulletin, make a poor outfit for a young man, and the young man who has nothing better than these things \yill make a vexypoor outfit for a young woman. If it take nine tailors to make a man, we suspect it will take as many barbers to make another ; and when these are a'young man's principal outfitters when the scissors, pomade, and comb of the one, and the shears, needle, and brush of the other give a young man the finishing touch—what is the young man fit for but a place under a glass cover in a show room, to be looked at by silly girls for the trifling charge of nothing, save the trouble of walking in and then walking out again. (To be continued.) 