THE CONFESSION OF FAITH. As there seems to be a good deal of doubt, and possibly not a little ignorance, even among those who are supposed to have put their signature to the Articles of Faith, drawn up by the assembly of divines sitting at West minster, a.d, 1643-1649, as to what doctrines- they really contain, the following extracts may not be without interest to those Presby- byterian ministers and laymen who make ac quaintance with them for the first time OF THE FALL OF MAN, OF SIN, AND OF PUNISHMENT THEREOF. Section I. — Our first parents, being seduced by the subtlety and temptation of Satan, sinned in eating the forbidden fruit. This their sin God was pleased, according to His wise and holy counsel, to permit, having purposed to order it to His own glory, _ OF EFFECTUAL CALLING. Section lII.-v-EIect infants, dying in infancy, are regenerated and saved by Christ through tho spirit, who worketh when, and where, and how He pleaseth.' So also are all other elect persous, who are incapable of being outwardly called by tho ministry of the Word. Section IV.— Others not electcd, although they may be called by tho Ministry of tho Yord, and may have some common operations of tho Spirit, yet they never truly come into Christ, and there fore cannot be saved ; much less can men not professing the Christian religion be saved in any other way whatsoever, be they over so diligent to frame their lives according to the light of nature and tho law of that religion they do profess ; and. to assert and maintain that they may, is very pernicious and to be detested. 4 op god's eternal decaee. Section III.— »Ry the decree of God, for the manifestation of His glory, some men and arigcls aro predestinated unto everlasting life, and others foreordained to everlasting death. \- Section IV. — Theso angels and men, thus pre destinated and foreordained, are particularly and unchangeably designed, and their number is so certain and definite, that it cannot be either in creased or diminished. . . Section V, — Those of mankind that are predes tinated unto life, God, before tho foundation of tho world was laid, according to His eternal and immutable purpose, and the secret -counsel and "good pleasure of His will, hath chosen in Christ unto everlasting- glory, out of his mere free grace and love, without any foresight of faith or good works, or perseverance in either of them, or any other thing in the creature, as conditions, or causes moving him thereunto ; and all to tho praise of his glorious grace. ' Section VII. — The rest of mankind, God was pleased, according to the unsearchable council of His own will, whereby He extendeth . or with- holdeth mercy as he pleaseth, for the glory of His sovereign power over his creatures, to pass by, and to ordain them to dishonor and wrath for their sin, to tho praise of His glorious justice. OF CREATION. Section I.— Tt pleased God the Father, Son and Holy Ghost-, for the manifestation of the glory of His eternal power, wisdom, and good- nets, in tho beginning, to create, or mako of nothing, tho world, and all things therein, whether visible or invisible, in tho space of six days, and all very good. , of the state of men after death, and 0? the resurrection of the dead. Section I.— Tho bodies of men after death re turn to dust, and see corruption ; but their souls (which neither die nor sleep) having an immortal subsistence immediately return to God who gave them. .. 'The souls of, tho righteous, being then made 'perfect in holiness, are received into tho highest heavens, where they behold tho face of God in light and glory, waiting for the full . redemption of their bodies ; . and the souls of the wicked are cast into hell, where they remain in torments and utter darkness, reserved to the judgment of. the great day. Beside these two places for souls se parated from their bodies, the Scripture ac- knowledgeth none. , , Section II.— At tho last day, such as are found alive shall not die, but be changed, and all tho doad shall be raised up with the selfsame bodies, -and none other, although with different qualities, which shall bo united again to their souls for ever. of the last judgment. Section I.— God hath appointed a 'day wherein, ho will judge the world in righteousness by Jesu3 Christ, to whom all power aud judgment is given of the Father. In which day, not only the, apostate angels shall be judged, but likewise all; persons that have lived on earth shall appear be fore the tribunal of Christ, to give an accodnt.of their thoughts, words and deeds, and to receive according to what they havo doiio in tho body, whether good or evil. Section II.— The ond of God's appointing this day is for tho manifestation of tho glory oZ His. mercy in the eternal salvation of the elect, and . qf his ju&tiqe; .in the damnation of -the reprobate, wlio aro wickedjOiid disobedient. For then shall the righteous go into overlasting life, and receive that fullness of joy and refreshing which shall como from tho presence of the .Lord ; but thq wicked, who know not God. au'd obey not tho gospel of Jesris Christ, shall ho cast into eternal torpionts, and bo punished with everlasting des-' truction -from the presence of tho Lord, and from tho glory of his power. These are the naked words of the Confession of Faith ; but in order that it may be seen how the sense of the church understands thcra, wo append the following extracts from Shaw's Exposition of the Confession of Faith, a book whoso weight and authority will bo questioned by no Bound Presbyterian : — That tho world and all things therein wore created "in the space of six days." This, also,- is the express language of Scripture : — "lor in six days tho Lord made heaven and earth, the . sea, and ail that in them is," Er, xx.vll. . Tho .modern discoveries of geologists have led them to assign an earlier origin to the materials of .which our globo is composed than the period of tlie.sixv days, commonly known by the name of the; Mosaic creation ; and various theories have been adopted in order to reconcdo the geological and- Mosfttc records. Somo have held that all .the. changes wliich have taken place in tho materials of , the earth occurred Either during the six days of tho Mosaic creation, or since that period ; but, it is urged that tho facts which geology establishes ; prove this view to bo utterly untcnablo. Others . have held.' that a day of creation was not a natural day, composed of twenty-four hours, but a period of an indefinite length. To this it has" been objected that tho sacred historian, as if to guard against such a latitude of interpretation, distinctly and pointedly declares of all. tho days, that each of them had its "evening and morn: ing,"— thus, itwouldscem, expressly excludingany. interpretation which does not imply anatural day. Others hold that tho materials of our globe worn in existence, and under the active operation of creative powers, for an indefinite period before tho creation of man ; and that the inspired o- cord, whilclt gives us ho information respecting the pre-existing conditions of tho earth, -leaves amplo room for a belief that it did pre-exist, if from nny'olher source traces of this should be . diecovced by human research. Tim fir.st verse of the 1st chapter of -Genesis, in their opinion; merely asserts that tho matter of v/bich tho universe is composed -was. producod out pf nothing .by tho power of tho Almighty, but" leaves the timq altogether indefinite. The sub-, sequent verses of that chapter givo an account of' the successive process by which the -Eternal in the space of six days, reduced tho. pre-existing matter to its present form, and gave being Iq the plants and animals now in existence. This ex planation, which leaves room for a long succes sion of geological events before the crqatiou of the oxi&ting; races, eeems now to he the generally received mode of reconciling geological .discove ries with tho Mosaic account of tho creation. . .Thus tho eating , of the forbiddou fruit was . tho. first sin actually committed by man in.' our' wodd. No doubt our first paronts wero guilty of siq in tlieir hearts boioro they committed it "with their hands j but the eating of the forbidden fruit was the first sin that vtos finished, "When lust hath conceived, it bringcth forth sin; and. sin, whoa it is finished, bringcth forth death," Ja. 1. 15. ' To some the eating of au applo nw appear a very trivial matter, and often havo attempts been made to turn this grave subject into ridicule ; but, in judging of this act ot. our first parents, wo must remember that they thereby trans gressed an express prohibition of the Most High. Their abstaining from tho tree of know ledge was the criterion by wliichtbcir fidelity was to be trjed and their eating of the fruit of tbat tToe was a violation of tho whole law ; for it was rebollion cgainst the' Lawgiver, aud a renunciation of his authority. Is it usked, How could upright man be seduced to commit this great transgression ? . . The answer is, Man, .though perfectly holy, was mutable. Ho Had power to stand, but was liable to fall. God left Kim to tho freedom of his own will, aud that freedom he abused. No doubt God could have Ijreventcd his fulling if he had pleased, by giving such infiuenccs of fiia Spirit as would have been" absolutely effectual to hinder it ; but this ho was under no obligation to do. 4 Concerning effectual calling we arc hero taught that the elect alone arc partakers of it: "All those whom God hath predestinated unto life, and those 1 only, ho is pleased effectually to call." Tho sub-, jccls o'f this work are said to be "called accord ing to God's purpose," aud "whom he did pre destinate; them ho ulso called." Romans viii. 2S, u0 ; i. 9. Tliosc who dispense the Word tnow not who are included in " the elec tion of grace," and must, therefore, address the calls and invitations of the gospel to men indis criminately.. They draw tho bow at a venture,, but the Lord, who " knoweth them that aro his," . directs the arrow, eo aa to cause it to strike homo to the hearts of tfiobo whom hp " hath chosen in Christ heforo the foundation ot the wqrid." Our Confession teaches that God made choico of, and predestinated, a certain and definito number of individuals to everlasting life ; that he, predestinated thorn unto lifo before tbo founda tion of tho world was laid ; tbat in so doing ho acted according to his sovereign will, and was not inlluonccd by. tho foresight of their iaith or good works, or perseverance' iri cither of them ; aud that this purposo is immutablo, it beiug impos sible that any of the elect should perish. That . these doctrines aro iji accordance with Scripture may be easily evinced. 1\. God' made -choice of, and predestinated, a' certain and definite number of individuals to cm-lasting Ufow 4ccording to.thc:Socinians, .God predestinated to eternal lifo not any particular individuals of mankind, but a certain sort or des cription of men; not persons, hut chnr.ictrr. The scripture, however, clearly teaches that God mado choice of a certain determinate number of persons from among tbo rest of the burton race, and ordained them to eternal lite. It is said, " the Lord knoweth them that aro bis," 2 Timothy ii. 19. Ho perfectly knows how raany, ond who in particular, his elect aro. Hence their nam are said to be enrolled in a book, called iho Book of Life ; for it is the hook in which aro regis tered tbcjiamos of all tho individuals of inau- kind who woro choson to cvorlisting liie. A person's name is that, whereby ho is known and distinguished from others ; when, therefore, their names are said to bo written in a book, it inti mates that God has an exact knowledgo of all the individuals whom ho has chosen. That Christ died exclusively for tho elect, and purchased redemption for them alono : in other words, that Christ made atonement only for thq elect, nnd that in no sense did be die for the rest of the race. Our Confession first acseris, posi tively, that the elect aro redeemed by Christ ; and then,' negatively, that nono other are re- doomed by Christ but tho elect only. If this uocs not affirm tho doctrine of particular redemption, or of a limited atonement, wo know not what language could express that doctrino tnoro ex plicitly. . It has also been objected, that if God has forq- ordained 'whatsoever comes to pass, human li berty is taken away. To , this it has been com- , monly replied that it is sufficient to human li- . berty that a man Acts without any constraint, and according to his own free choico i that tlio divine decree is oxtrinsic to the. human mmd ; and, while it secures the futuntion of events, it loaves rational Qgcnfcs to act. as freely ns if there had been no .decree. This answer, it must ho acknowledged, morely amounts to an assertion that, notwithstanding the decree of God, man retains his liberty of action. Ive still wish to know how the divino prc-ordinatiou of tho event is consistent with human liberty. "Upon such asiihjcct,i"snys Dr. Dick, " no man should b ashamed to acknowledge his ignorance. Wc aro not required to reconcllo tho divine do- f crees and human liberty. It is enough to know that Uod has dccrocd all things which come to 4 pass, and that men aro answerable for their actions. Of both thcso; truths wo are assured by the Scriptures ; and tho latter is con firmed by tho testimony of conscience. Wo feel tht, although not independent upon God, we aro free ; so that wo oxcuso ourselves when wo havo done our duty, and. accuse ourselves when we have neglected it. Sentiments of approbation and. disapprobation, in rcferenco to our own conduct or that of other men, would have no existence in our minds if wo believed that men nro nqcessary agents. But the tio which connects (ho divine depress and human liberty is invisible. 'Such knowlcdgo is too wonderful for us ; it. is high, we cannot attain unto it.'" Psalm exxxix. 6. The dead shall bo raised with tho cclfsamo bodies, although with very different qualities. The very term " resurrection " implies that tbo samo bodies shall bo rawed that fell by death ; -. for if God should form now bodies, and unite them to departed souls, it would not bo a resur rection, but ajncwcreation. Our Saviour declares, ."AIJ that. are in the graves shall como forth." This certainlyimplies that tlio sarao bodies which were committed to the graves shall he raised; for . if new bodies wero to bo produced and united to their souls, thoy. dould not, with truth, ho said to come out of their graves. 