ABE WALLACE'S LOVE. ' What's er matter wid yer ?' demanded Abe Wallace, with a noli unnaturapetulan ce under the circumstance ' What er yer lingerin around that viz age er mine for ? Can't yer rasp that countenance ?' Obviously he couldn't. For nearly an hour be had strapped bis razors and moved diligently, but barber though he was of a thousand, barber extraordinary to Leaping Antelone Run. he seemed in make no hearU way agaiast Abe's bristling badge of man hood. 'Ef yer razors don't cut, shoot 'em off. Ye'ar me ? iShoot' em oS,1' aud the hand some sunburned miner composed himself for the novel opera' ion. ' Is the barber at home ?' asked a low sweet, musical voice entering the door a that moment. He started. No yellow water Tunning from the pan had ever looked as sweet to him as that voice. It percolated him, and he arose from the chair a new man. The crust formed by the habits and hardened by his surroundings was broken 'Permit me, madame, to assure you that this individual before you is the barber said Abe, and his new dignity sat easily upon him aud seemed a part of him. 'I am on my way Irom Boston to the Sandwich Islands, ' s,aid the young girl quietly, ' anu our carriage broke down, I thought I would improve the opportunity and have my bait banged. Oh I no, no, ?he exclaimed, as Abe gallantly drew forth a thousand dollar draft on New York.' Not for the worid. I've six millions of dollars, not only in my own right, but in my pocket, I will pay for any service.' As the barber proceeded with his task, Abe walked the shop nervously. A pressage of danger oppressed him. The chestnut curls ou his forehead grew damp with anxiety. He knew life, in his rough way and he knew barbers. The fair young girl would be no match for tbe frontier hair dresser, if the wort-t should come. And why 6hould it not come. And why should it not come ! Had she not millions in her pocket ; He glanced at the tiny feet planted squarely and firmly on the stool before her and recognised character. He knew no thing of Boston but he understood feet. ' And do you live in th:s funny place, 'te he P'asked the girl, smiling at Abe's re flection in the glass. 'I do,' sighed Abe. 'Misfortunes have cast my bark of life high upon this barren shore and left me with only the shelter the sea weeds afforu. ' ' Te he 1 how odd. Ouch ! ' But Abe grasped htm and laid him upon tbe floor. The barber had made a dive for tbe dainty pocket and bad failed. Leaping Antelope Kun was aroused. Such an attack found no apologists among the wild, rough miners. Whatever they might ue lnuerenuy, mey would tolerate noitung of ihe kind in the batber. 'Away to the dull thud ! ' demanded one more intelligent than the rest. And they echoed the cry till the moonlit- air was shivered and the beams crept away conclus ively. Tuey may have expected him to beg but he eyed them sternly. 'Ob ! my ! what will they do with him ? asked the beauty with one eye. She had no need to speak. The thrill of that eye struck a chord in Abe Wallace. 'They'll sprain his neck, darling, ' mur mured Wallace in tender accents. The feeling was new to him, but he understood it. '?Qiacious ! and may I see him ? ' whis pered she with the other eye. Abe's answer was lost ia the sullen roar of the crowd. Out under the grand old trees that fringed the mines. Out under the whispers of the leaves. Out through the shadows. The shadows. The winds swept down from the sierras, velvet winds, but pitiless. They shook sweet voices out of satin garments but not a pleading tone for that human bar ber, soon to be neither barber nor human The rope was around his neck. Willing hands were ready. A cloud floated across the face of the moon, but she struggled from behind it, held by the horror of the scene 'Hold!' commanded Abe. And then addreesing the barber, he asked : *' You are a Justice of the Peace, are you not ? '* I am,' responded the condemned la low steady tones. '- Then marry us,* said Wallace, drawing the Boston girl's arm within his own. ' You do take this woman for jour wed ded wife ?' asked the - barber, with a strange glitter in his eyes. ' I do,' responded Abe. *? You do take this man for your wedded husband?'' inquired the barber, with a peculiar smile. ' Te, he ! I suppose so, te, he! ' whis the musical voice. ' Then I pronounce you man and wife. Go to the de\il.' The ropes tightened, but as he went up the barber uttered a wild, demoniac laugh. Then with the shadow of the sierass gathering around him, he hung dead. Try as he might Abe could not shake off the influence of that laugh. It was a ghost iu his life. ' My God !' he screamed as he sprang from his seat a day or two afterward. ' \- I understand it now.' * Understand what, love ?' asked his beautiful bride, look ing up from the bite of an apple. ' I know why he laughed. I know why the barbei laughed with his dying breatb, he moaned. ? Gracious, goodness ! What was it for ? she demanded, with dimpling smiles. * Because he died without giving us a marriage certificate.' With a wild shriek the Boston girl sank dead at his feet. The barber was avenged. — Bret Harie in Brooklyn Eagle. The Eichest Men in thb World.— The following according to an English journal ar-: the incomes of the richest meu in the world : — Duke of Westminister — Capital £16,000,000; income per year £800,000; per month £60,Oj0, per day £2,000. per hour £90, p.r minute £1 10s. Senator Jones, of Nevada — Capital £20,000,Odo ? in come per year £1,000,000 ; per 'month £80,000; per day £3,000; per hour £120, per minute £2. Kotbschild— Capital £40,000,000 ; income per year £2,000,009; per month £l7--,000; per day £5,000; per hour £20 d ; per minute £1. W. J. Mackay —Capital £55,000,000 ; income per year £2,750.000 ; per mouth £200,000 ; per day £7,000 ; per hour £300 ; per minute £5. It thus appears the riehest man in the world is Air. W- J. Mackay, who 31 years ago was a penniless boy in Ireland. Twenty one years ago he travelled through tbe United States as a speculative salesman, and 17 years ago he wag a bankrupt ; at the age of 49 he is the owner of the richest silver mine that has ever been discovered, and has a yearly income of £3,750,005. Soft-solder mends many a hole in a hard pan, and taffy heals many a wounded spirit, I if judioioudy applied. 