itoMigi. PARTNERS: A TRUE STORY. BY A COUNTRY ATTORNEY. CHATTER VIH. , When Mr. Parohmont loft Slooum ho had j not entirely severed his connection ivith the distriot; and a fow days provioualy to tho proposal of marriago mado by Mr. Hooky, ho had returned for somo temporary purpose ' of his own. Whon he had been in business nt Slooum ho had been tho legal advisor of i Mrs. Hardgrovo; and theroforo it was only v natural that sho nhonld employ him to arrange the nooossary preliminary settlement before v makiuc the lenn in the dark whioli a matri monial venture usually is. Aooordingly, ho callod upon Mr. Hooky, and that gentle man received ? him with tho lofty oourtesy whioh was his distinguishing characteristic. 'Iam happy to bo informed,' observed Mr. Parohmont, aftor somo preliminary con versation, ' that this is purely a love matoh.' ' Oh, oortainly,' hastily interposed Mr. Hooky, ' ono of thoso spontaneous develop ments of tho tondcr passion of which poets dream j and which only middle aged mou who havo soarclicd vainly, during a barron live and forty weary yoars of loveless oxistonoo, for ? . sympathy, can fully appicciato.' 'Just so,' said Mr. Parchmcnfc, 'those noblo sontimonts do you infinite honour, Mr. Hooky ; allow mo to grasp your hand and oongratulato you upon having nobly won a ?woman who, in spito of hor povorty, is aliko . worthy of Silos Jlooky Esquiro and worthy of tho elevated sontiments of which ho is such a choice cxponont.' ' Povorty ! Mr. Parohmont, I don't oxactly understand.' , - . 'Nay,, nay, affect not ignorance of that which must bo known to you in common, , with all tlioso who aro privileged abovo tho common liord in boing admittod to tho intimacy of tho fair widow of Pino Villa.' 'Upon my soul, Mr. Parchment, you are ; spoaking in onigmas, 'will you bo good enough to explain f ' .- 'Well, woll, as you persist in your assumed ignoranoo, I will begin at tho beginning. You must know, then, that ?when old Hardgrovo died he mado tv -will. . ?' But, hero — I havo tho draft with me, it will ? N explain all.' Silas Hooky road tho iraft will, and then ? . ' said : ? ? ? ' Mr. Parohmont, this is really most ex , traordinary.' ? 'The vory words I usod to tho late lamented Hardgrovo,' remarked Mr. Paroh » . mont. ; 'Tho infernal old sooundroll' said Mr. Hooky. i ; ; 1,','Tho infamous oldhoary-headed assassin,' \- said Mr. Parohmont. . ' Then iflio will bo absolutely penniless,' Baid Hooky. :.;i' '.Absolutely,' said Parohmont. ' But she must have saved something from her inoomo,' continued Hooky. ' It was all invested iu the HappyGo Ziuoky Bank,' returned Parohmont. 'And that institution has smashed,' mused Hooky. ' Smashed,' assonted Parohment. 'Mr. Parohmont,' said Hooky in tones of tho saddest molanoholy, 'my boliof in human naturo is shattered. Human per ' feotibility ia a basoless dream. I feel that tho poetry of oxistoneo is a thing of tho L past, and that selfishness and egotism havo takon tho plaoo of that tender consideration for othora, whioh it is my consolation to think 'that I, at loast, havo kopt ovor fresh and unsullied. My mind is mado up. I 'will saorifioo myself on the altar of duty. If . I woro to marry Mrs. Hardgrovo^ and then to dio, I would novor forgive myself. What would beoomo of hor undor these, oiroum ? ???? stanoesP I shuddor tp think of it. No,' oontinued tho eloquent Hooky, as ho warmed ? , ; to' the subjoot, 'I will never consent to ? injure tho woman I love by asking hor to share my povorty. She is free— freo as tho ? air ! Toll her that Silas Hooky, Esquire, while his heart is breaking, yet reoognises tho imporativo calls of that unwritten oodo of ? honour whioh rowards this saorifioo. .Tell her,' ho oontinuod in broken aooonts, ' that Silas Hooky Esquiro will not stand in tho way of hor marrying some one who shall be worthy of hor ; somo ono who may give her ths woalth whioh hi has not to offer ; but who oannot bestow upon hor tho wealth of affection whioh lioncoforth will be buried in this blighted heart,' and Mr. Hooky struck that part of his anatomy whioh is supposed to cover the organ of the afieotions. Mr. Parohmont was deeply moved by suoh solf abnogation on tho part of Hooky. He eould hardly find wordB to' oxpress his sonso of the estimation in whioh ho held that gentleman, and, in taking his loavo, his , agitation was apparent in the faot that he had to oough sovoral times to keop down the lump in his throat. Howover, he Boomed to recover himself vory quiokly, and, by thd timo he had gained tho Btroot, his faoo bore moro indioation of laughtor than of teats. As for Mr. Hooky, ho oongratulated himself upon tho ability and address with whioh ho had rotired from a somewhat difficult position. Upon leaving Mr. Hooky's office, Mr. Parohment roturned to Pine Villa, and re ported tlio rosult of his interview with that conscientious gentleman. ' And.so, after all his protestations, he refusos to marry mof' saidMrs. Hardgrovo. ' Well, he did not absolutely refuse ; but' he said that you were, free, whioh is tanta mount to tlio same thing.' 'Tho faithless man 1 After exhausting . tho languago of lovo in protestation off his affection, and nearly killing my poor oat, he ] now withdraws; ,but I will be, at least,' avengod. Mr. Hooky shall not trifle with ' my affeotions with impunity; and Mr. Walker shall be my adviser. -I shall sue him for breaoh of promiso— damagOB £2000.' ' Tho question is,' observed Mr. Paroh- ' mont, smiling, as he helped himself to another lump of sugar, ' how muoh damago have you sustained ?' ' ' Yes, true, lot mo see,' mused the widow, 'ono nftornoon wasted in listening. to his declaration— that is so much to tho debit; but ngaiuBt that I must simply placo tho value of tho amusement tho interview afforded mo — and thon, I think, I . will really remain, on ? this count, Mr. Hooky's debtor.1' 'You oertainly oannot provo liquidated damages thoro,' said Mr. Parohment. ' No, oloarly not, thon I must fall bade upon tho damago dono to my oat,' and at tho reminiscence!!, induced by tho montion of that unfortunato aniinal, tho two oonspira tors, for suoh thoy undoubtedly woro, laughed hoartily. ? CHAPTER IX. Tim morning aftor tho ovonts rolatod in tho last chapter was a very important ono for Mr. Walkor; as tho post brought tho intolligonco of tho doath of his unolo, to whoso bounty ho was indobted for his annuity ; and, ho thus learnt, that ho was tho ownor of sovoral oxtonBivo oattlo stations in Queensland, aud 120,000 shoep in Rivorina. Just as ho was finishing tho porusal of this lottor, Mr. Hooky stepped in, and he waB about to inform that goutleman of his good fortune, whon tho lattor oponed tho conver sation by relating his intorviow with Mr. Parohmont. Jim's feelings at this rooital woro of a vory mixed naturo,. indood ; but, suoh as thoy woro, thoy led him to make up his mind to say nothing at all about his succession to his unolo's property. His foolings with rogard to Hooky woro thoso of mixod onvy and contompt. If Hooky was to bo bolicvod, Mrs. Hardgrovo was in lovo with that astuto gontloman ; and Jim's lioart was bursting with envy, whilo ho had great difficulty in resisting his inclination to kick tho solf-comnlacont narrator, as ho ? proceeded to unfold tlio poaition of affairs in his own poculiar style. Tho conduct of Hooky ho considorod in tho last docreo con tcmptiblo. Tho will, as explained by Hooky, was simply infamous. The principal fcaturo of it was, that within tlirco yours from tho death of tlio testator, liis widow was to marry a man worth £-10, 000, and of an ago at least equal to that which the testator would havo readied had ho lived until the dato men tioned ; failing whioh tho whole of tho pro porty was to bo vented iu trustees for tho bonefit of tho Kirk, and for tho propagation of tho Gospel among tho Sandwich Islanders. Such a monstrous will Jim had never heard of in Ilia lifo ; aud ho was burning with indig nation as ho took up his pen to writo a lottor to Mrs. Hardgrovo, asking hor to marry him right off, explaining that ho know hor posi tion and that ho was now a wealthy man and an infinito number of othor things whioh flashed through his brain, warmod his imagination, aud tinned with coulour de rose his futuro. But ho did not go vory far in his epistolary advonturo before ho stoppod, rubbod the bridgo of his nose thoughtfully with tho handlo of liis pon, and said to him self — ' H — m !' rubbed tho right sido of liis nose, and then, with an air of profound con viction said — 'Oh!' toro tho lettor into a thousand pieocs and walked out. Ho wont straight to Pino Villa whoro ho found Mrs. Hardgrovo working in the gardon with a largo straw hat on and looking moro charming than ovor. ' Mrs Hardgrovo, I havo oomo to say good-bye.' 'You surpriso mo Mr. Walker' — and the voioo scorned a littlo tremulous — ' but why should I be surprised, as I am going to loavo tho dear old placo mysolf.' 'I havo hoard of your misfortunes, Mrs. Hardgrovo, and I can only Bay if I oan bo of any sorvica to you in any way, you havo only to command me.' Mrs. Hardgrovo wishing to turn tho con versation, said: 'We,' then corroding her self, ' ' I was going to say wo shall miss you very muoh — but I moan tho sooiety of Slooum will — will miss you,' and tho widow vory nearly broko down. 'The sooioty of Slooum would'nt miss me,' aaid Jim, in desporation, ' if I had as muoh induoement to stay as Mr. Hooky has — ' 'What inducement do you moan?' in quired the lady, blushing, in spite of her self. 'I moan tho rogard of ono whom ho has not tho sense to appreoiate, or tho soul to bo worthy of.' ' I will not nffoct to misunderstand you, Mr.' Walkor, but you must surely havo a low opinion of me if you think I ovor bestowed a thought upon Mr. Hooky. I oonfess, that before I knew that I was utterly ruinod by tho reoent bank failuro, I allowed myself to play with tho sonsitivo and tender naturo of that delightful croaturo, knowing that I was perfectly safo from his attentions so soon as ho was informed of my position.' ' It was a dangoroiis game to Jplay, Mrs. Hardgrove.' ' But I knew the man too well to bo at all alarmed. I confess it was an imprudent thing to do — perhaps unwomanly; but I was drawn into it by tho oomioal surroundings of the position ; and, indeed, I had need to seize ovory opportunity of forgetting my unhappy lot.' Sho was nervously tearing a roso to pieces ; leaf by loaf it was falling at hor foot, and it seemed as if she were throwing away some tendor reeolleotion with each bloom. 'Aro youthen' bo vory unhappy?' said Jim looking into her oyes, while ho oaught ono. of her hands in both of his. No reply and but a faint attempt to draw her hand away. 'Mrs. Hardgrovo,' said Jim in a low voice, ' you. know, bettor thanloan tell you, what my feelings .are. Before I dared to hopo that I might ovor oven touch your. hand I folt attraoted towards you. It was not love, for then suoh a feeling was impossible; but it was a fascination. I could no more banish your, imago from my heart than I oould'Btop its pulses from beating — as they do now — when I was conscious of your pre sonoo. For months I lived a hopeless life, and concealed from overy ourious oyo the passion which was consuming mo. But from you I could not hido my heart, and I some times dreamed that you wore not displeased at my presumption. ? When you oalled at my offioe, after that unfortunato lottor, youfound me plunged in tho deepest abyss of misery , and solf-abasemont. I novor oould forpivo mysolf, but you forgave mo without asking. I .thought, I fancied, somo subtle instinct seemed to whisper that I was not altogether indifferent to you ; and thon the feelings of I know not what, whioh was mixod of lovo, and fasoination, and despair, seomod at onco to take possession of me. I felt that I was not worthy of you. It was not so muoh your woalth, but the consciousness that I had played an unworthy part. That my lifo waB a living lio, weighed upon my heart. The talisman of love had showed me my position Jn all its deformity, and how oould I, sailing as I was, undor false oolours, dare to pretend to tho hand of a lady suoh as you without laying mysolf open to tho suspioion of marry ing her for hor money.' 'And when Mr. Hooky enlightened you as to my poverty,' «aid Mrs. Hardgrovo, as sho mado anothor feoblo attempt to roloaso hor hand, 'you oamo to say good-bye.' ' I came to know my fate, Mrs. Hard grovo ; to know if you loved Mr. Hooky as ho led mo to bolievo.' Mrs. Hardgrovo at this point suotohed away hor hand, and made a little feminino gesture expressivo of disdain. i 'Don't insult mo,' please, Mr. Walker ; don't mention tho name of Hooky oouplod with mino unless you wish me to loavo you. It was as much to punish you for having allowed yourself to bo led by suoh a man, that I gavo him permission to bostow upon me hia loathsome addresses. I hate and dospiso him so muoh that I feel as if I oould almost hato you for being his partner.' ' I am not really his partner,' said Walkor in explanation; ' wo ; woro only working together to got at the foolish publia. But I need npt toll-, you I am heartily ashamod of oven that pieco of disingenuoua 110SS.' ' And how long is it.sinoo your consoionoo bogan to troublo you p' said tho lady, smiling. 'Sinco I felt that I really lovod you, and might hopo for a roturn.' ' And wlion was that ?' 'Wlion I fanoiod that this littlo hand,' said Jim, again making prisoner tho hand in quostion ; ' whon I fanoiod that this littlo hand roturned the prossuro of my own.' ' Thon you lovod mo sinco yoBtorday morning?' ' I liopod sinoo yesterday morning.' ' And you lovod mo sinco whon ?' 'Sinco tho beginning of oroation,' said Jim, impulsivoly, ' for I boliovo wo wore formed for oaoh othor.' By that timo thoy woro Boated on a rustio form, undor tho shade of an oriontal piano, and for somo moments thoro was oomploto silonoa ns tho lovors looked out ovor tho diversified prospoot of groon pasture and woodod slope. Pino Villa was situated about two miles out of Slooum, upon a slight olo vation, which s;avo a charming prospeot of wood and wold. Tho smoko of the Slooum hoarths oould bo soon stoaling into tho air ovor tho tops of tho trees, whilo tho reoum bent forms of shoop and cattlo woro diminished by tho perspective into blotohos of colour. Noithor spoko. Jim had pourod out hia whole heart in a torrent of words, of whioh ho hardly know tho moaning, and waitod for a response. Ho watohod tho ox prossivo faoo of his companion, as a variety of emotions Boomod to -strivo with oaoh othor for tho mastory. Of what was sho thiuking whilo sho looked out into tho distance with thoso sad, stoadfaBt oyes ? what momorios wero rising, liko tho ghosts' of a dead past, of thoso years of love less oxistonoo with that hard, old man? of hor warm affections crushed aud blighted by hor hopoloss lifo ? of the now vista of possi bilities oponiug boforo hor in tho lovo of a man who was worthy to bo enshrinod in tho innormost heart of a true woman ? Wliat ovor woro hor thoughts thoy woro tinged with sadness ; and hor oyos filled with tho toars whioh sho could not suppress. Jim was movod with a sympathetic feeling as he drew hor to his hoart ; and ho was assured of his answer, for sho smiled through hor toars when ho kissedher,aB a mute seal of their oompaot. We shall now loavo tho two lovers to talk over matters moro interoBting to thomsolvos than to anybody olse whilo wo enlighten our roadors as to some other things which havo had a considorablo boaring on this history. Jim, liko most other peoplo had a father and mother; but, unlike tho gener ality of men, he had also a half-sister, about three yoars younger than himself. His mother died whon ho was an infant ; and his fathor married the lady who took ohargo of tho mothorless boy, and who bestowed as muoh lovo upon him as sho lavished upon hor own ohild. This is not tho usuaVway of Btdpmothors ; but tho eeaond Mrs. Walkor was a kind woman, and sho had a heart big onough for both of her ohildron, as sho very properly oalled thom. Tho unole, old Jock MacPhorson, as ho was familiarly oalled, was his mother's brotlior. To this oocentrio old baohelor Jim waB indobted for his annuity, which was, at first, only £100 ; but whon MacPhorson heard, accidentally, that Jim gavo up £75 of this amount to his step mothor -and sister, to help them to keep houso with thoir own small inoomo, ho mado Jim an allowance of £200 a yoar and gavo a liko annuity to his stopmother. It is as well to montion these littlo traits about old Jook ; for ho prided himsolf upon boing tho meanost man in Australia, and ho would baok himself to travol from tho Gulf of Carpentaria to Melbourno oheapor than any man in tho oolonies. Now, although Jim was a very kind hearted fellow, and so good to his half-sister and stopmother, he was, liko most young men, a very bad correspondent. Sinoo leav ing Molbourno ho had only writton once to his sistor Mary, and the amount of informa tion she had derived from that epistle was of tho smallest. But Mary Walker had a good correspondent in Mrs. Hardgrove, who had beon an old schoolmate of hers ; and, as is tho wont of women, thoy wrote oaoh othor moat religiously evory wook long letters oontaining all sorts of feminino information, and, possibly, somo littlo feminino scandal. It was a sourco of pure and unalloyod enjoymont to these two unrogonorate women to think that thoy had a seoret, and that the eeoret had something to do with a man. That Jim was perfootly unconsoious of being tho subject of a feminine plot added a zest to their sooret understanding whioh was simply dolioious. Wo must now return to tho lovers, whom wo havo loft long enough alono to get ovor their first raptures and to settle down to an interesting conversation in whioh delightful plana of lovo in a cottage appeared the aome of terrestrial bliss. 'My dear Nelly,' said Jim, as tho lovers roso to stroll through tho garden, armin arm, 'you havo made mo the happiest man in tho world, and the only thing that puzzles me is how it has all .como about.' . Mrs. Hardgrovo lookod up with an arch smile, and said : . ' Have you, then, so littlo confidence in your own merits as to bo troubled with doubts on the subjoot ?' ' I havo no doubt that I adoro you, my darling ; but I oan't imagine what you oan seo in me to make it worth your whilo to say you love me.' 'Are you not a kind-hearted, honest, good-looking, unselfish dear boy, that I have known for the last — let me think— V ' Twenty-four hours,' suggested Jim, as he squeezed hor hand. ' No,' laughed tho widow, joyously, whilo a slight blush suffused hor oheek at Jiin's evidently increasing boldness. ' Woll,' thought Jim, ' I havo only beon in Slocum for six months, and it oan't be more than that.' ' Six months, my love !' ho hazarded. 'No; guoss again,' said his oompanion, with a smile whioh mado Jim's heart boat at high pressure. ' I give it up, sighod Jim ; ' but havo compassion on my ignorance, and don't keop mo longer in suspenso.' ' Two years,' said tho widow. ' Two yoars !' oohood Jim. ' Why, you must ho a witch,' he remarked in tones of affected horror, whilo he mado a motion as if ho wero about to ? fly from her ; but whioh, by a dexterous flank movement, ho ohangod into onoiroling her waist with his right arm. '.And who was your wrotohed informant, my love ?' ' A young lady.' ' Alas! the mystery is thiokoning. I am a doomed man,' groaned Jim, as his oyes sparklod with a mixture of mystification and delight. ' And hor name — what is hor unfortunato: name ?' ' Polly Walker,' said tho widow demurely,; whilo a lurking smile mado her beautiful eyes; brighterb han over. ' What !' oried Jim, eagerly ; ' dear old Polly, my sister.; I didn't lmow that you knew her.' ' Wo wero Bohoolmates, and havo been iu constant oorrespondenoo ovor sinoo wo loft Bohool. About six months since, I sent her a sweetheart from' Slooum, and sho returned the oompliment by drawing suoh vivid pio tures of your mental and moral perfections that I mado up my mind that you wero alto gether too good for me, and I determined to leave you severely alono.' . ' Whioh you aooordingly did,' intorjectcd Jim. ?? 'Whioh I nooordingly did,' said tho widow, 'until — ' 'Until what?' 'Until I oould seo that you woro going to break your hoart about it.' ' And thon you took compassion on mo.' Thoso two misguided pooplo woro looking at oaoh othor as if thoy woro tho solo ocou pauts of tho Univorso. Tho gardon in whioh thoy woro loitering was thoir Edon. Horo was no forbidden fruit and no sorpont tompting to unknown delights. Thoy lovod oaoh other and that to thom was bliss enough ; but thoir lovo was pure, and tingod with a ohivalrouB rogard for ovorything that was best and holiost in woman on his part ; whilo sho oroditod her lover with all tho manly virtuos of a Bayard, ' tans petir et mm reproehe.' Thoir interesting tilt « tetc was intorruptod by a light stop on tho gravel, and a disoroot oough whioh heralded tho appoaranoo of a young ladv who tried to look very, unconsoious as tho lovers aooom paniod hor baok to tho houso. 'And so, Polly,' said Jim to his sistor, ' you and Nolly — I moan Mrs. Hardgrovo — havo beon engaged in a conspiracy.' ' Oh! don't bo bashful, Jim,' laughed his sistor; 'oall her Nelly; I always oall hor Nelly; sho likes it. As for tho oonspiraoy I oonfoSB my sharo of it; but I hopo you won't fool vory muoh annoyed about it. Poor boy !' sho oontinuod, in a tono of assumed molanoholy, 'it has oost you your hoart; and you eould ill spare that, for it is about all you havo to bostow.' 'To punish you two conspirators,' said Jim, sovoroly, ' I shall koop from you a most profound sooret until— well, until this young woman hero changes hor namo from Mrs. Hardgrovo to Mrs. Walkor.' 'And I,' said Mrs. Hardgrovo, with an equal assumption of gravity, 1 ' to punish you for attempting to punish us, will lot you remain, for threo wcoks, in profound ignor ance of a oircumstanco whioh is of very great importanco to us both.' 'In throo weeks wo are to bo married,' said Jim. What tho wdow said, in reply, was lost in tho noise of shutting tho door as thoy entorod tho houso ; but possibly the marob of ovents will in duo course rovsal her answer. (To be continued.) 