j REV'IEW. I I AUSTRALIAN ABORIGINES.* | The author of this work has enjoyed special advantages in its preparation, and is outitled io the thanks and congratulations ot all ethnologists for its production. One of the i.ldtat settlers in the Western district, and jiiimated by a kindly and protective feeling lor the aboriginal population of that part of «hat was then Port Phillip, Mr. James Dawson cultivated their intercourse, ob ?timed their confidence and respect. ..lid, mainly by the efforts of his daughter, Mrs. Taylor, who is mia trees of the native tongue, succeeded in . ollecting and recording a great quantity of t nluable information respecting the various iribea inhabiting this part of Australia, the boundaries of their communes, their lan- guages and dialects, their forms of govern- ment, their family relations, their iaeaa of property, their modes of inheritance, their habitations and clothing, their social and domestic life, their weapons and iinplementa, i heir laws of marriage and succession, their superstitions and diseases, their couti iii meetings and assemblies for pastime, their methoda of procuring food, and their know ledge of or notiona concerning natural phenomena. Upon many of theae points it ia bj no meana easy to procure thoroughly accu- rate and trustworthy details, because " the uativcB, in their anxiety to please, are apt to coincide with the queationer and thua assist him to arrive at wrong concluaiona." Therefore Mr. Dawson and his daughter took every precaution to guard against error by never aBking leading questions, and by taking advantage of the combined testi- mony of many informants as to the veracity of particular statements, and by ascertaining the absolute correctness of each before com- mitting it to paper. Thus brought into clo3e and continuous intercourse with the abori- gines, the author of this work was led lo form a high opinion of their natural capacity. He found some of them able to speak as many as four dialects-each differing from the other as much as the Italian spoken in Venetian Lombardy différa from that of Tuscany, Piedmont, or Sicily besides possessing a fair knowledge of Eng- lish ; and he tells na that it is very question- able if even thoae who belong to the middle claBB of English Bociety, "notwithstanding their advantages of education, know as much of their own laws, of natural history, and of the nomenclature of the heavenly bodies, aa the aborigines do of their laws and of natural objects." In fact, the profouud contempt ordinarily exhibited for the original lords of the Australian soil by the Europeans who have dispossessed themis based upon igno- rance, an ignorance which an acquaintance with their language has assisted to dispel ; for, as the late Oscar Peschel observes, "If the profusion of forms briefly expressing minute relations wera to decide the rank of a language, we and all the nations of wes- tern Europe might envy the miserable tribes of King George's Sound, for their language posBeBses far more case terminations than Latin, and a dual as well as singular and plural. The verb is as rich in tenses aa Latin, and has also terminations for the dual, and three genders for the third person. In addition to active and passive, it has reflec- tive, reciprocal, determinative, and conti- nuativo forma. In point of structure of lan gunge, the highly cultured Polynesian», and even the ancient Chineae, must jield to the inventive Auatraliana." Canon Farrar'a theory that the imitation of natural sounds was the chief starting point of language, and the source of most nominal roots, derives a considerable amount of support from the large number of onomatopoetic words in the aboriginal languages of the Western district, for the native names of the curlew, the goose, the hawk, the lapwing, the laughing jackass, the lyre-bird, the magpie, the owl, the parakeet, the sandpiper, the swallow, the wren, and the wrj neck are all derived from their respec- tive cries ; while as regards the imported horse,we find one tribe characterising him by hisneigh and anotherby the soundof his hoofs upon the Bod-"gump-gump." And this re- currence to the onomatopoetic method, where an appellation bas to be invented for a novel object, looks like a reversion to first prin- ciples under stress of a special emergency. Deriving his information, as we have said, from the aborigines themselves, and conversing with them in their own lan- | guage, Mr. DawBon has been enabled to correct many errors which previous writers have fallen into with respect to them. Thus, j Mr. Brough Smyth has assured us that he could never discover among the natives of Australia anything approaching to religion ; and yet Mr. Dawson informs us that they be- lieve in supernatural beings-celestial, in- fernal, and terrestrial. It further appears that their ideas of God are not a bit more anthropomorphic than those of a good many Christians ; for they look upon the good spirit, Pimmeheeal, as " a gigantic man, | living above the clouds ;" much, in fact, as he is depicted by the medireval I painters of Christendom ¡ " and as he ia of a kindly disposition, and harms no one, he < is seldom mentioned, but always with re- spect. His voice, the thunder, is listened to with pleasure, as it does good to man and beast by bringing rain, and making grass and ropfpgrowfortheir benefit. But the abort gines Bay that the missionaries and Govern- ment protectors have given them a dread of Pirqmeheeul j,and they aresorry that theyoung people, and many of the old, are now afraid of ja bcing-'who never did any harm to their forefathers."^ They believe in a bud spirit, named., Munruup/who lives, like Pluto, in the shades, and.-whbse power ia greatest in ^ the darlcnes's. j.'he)' also believe in wraiths, ' ghosts, 'and'witohpa ? and, that the spirit, after quitting tll¡! bodj- at death, wanders about for three da j s, JA, Ijfie ' neighbourhood of ita old haunts, and then ascends into a beautiful country ab0\je1lth"r''clóú4s,1where it rejoins those it knew and loved on earth, and is happy witr) iliejtf'.'forieVb'r.'^In fact, there is much in the"mythology and the religious beliefs of the- aborigines, 'that strikingly resembles th'ose'.of early,.Greece. lu otlibc respects the Australian 'aborigines assimilais to, the Mandons of. North' Ame.'cjca. Like them,'they have their medicine men, in whoin they repose gtéftt ' confidence, and when ordih'aty' 'remedies! fail,', recourse''is' .had to .'supernatural assistance,,'' Likeiítuení, thejir 'doctors preecïibs toou, fabrics- ^nd. herbs1 fur '(¡he Sick ;,and,'ílke, them,'they emplpy iiVpaji 'itatioDB as a detnier1 ressorti Until the arrivkl ' )n';-Australia"-of Europeans; the ^boYigWa wëreivtry little subject' to' pulmonary coi¿- ' plaints, and crises, pf insfmily.wbre^ktreih'ely, rare, When.they did occur,'* family coil BultotiOn was held, and ' this ' aàictjd \ 'person^ -tías ¿mt, tó^"1deatlí/'J(J)ht';''tl)e.' burial of the dead the indigenous races pursue the practice of Homeric times, .burying |b,e'óró'amentí,-'wedpi¿ns!;áiid ,o£hir property'of thedeceaséd.withliimj o'r',,und|r certain circumstances, ejecting a ' füfiereftl pyre anti consuming 'tb"e! body, with ltSif ormer effects, but irflieu of-.preserving the ashes In a cinerary urn, after the fashion of antiquity, a widovver1 puta ,'jthè',Reined bones of hs1 deceased-wife,'aftsriüehaa poundedithem to powder, . "into a 'little foposaurh'Skirl ;ba ;,, which he carrieá'süfiDen^ed^injfro'nt'fOt'h s. oheetunt.il, he marries again, ior till the bag a ' worri out, when It "-is burned." 'With reapelt fô -cannibalism,, 'which, \\. according fjo Peschel,- -prevails ¡ i'chiefly -'?among tile 'tíigtí&Y;í^wflofJfáÍyüfJi6sí ."Mr," , Dawson Says n. it .'ils l ¿ only i-,-practised'v by tile vabprjginca ofl"YU;toriaT'-^aa- a] "ttiprk 6f .'alTectionato'iiespect,. in.iiBoleinn igervi'ce if . mourning foi the dear}."' .The flesh of ^erierni s ' ,faÍ^éi'^,^íép,"^A¿^[Miiptfqii-Jipçiti r "tribea.ui Tbe bodies,'of'.relatives of.-either si x ^wh^ ^py^JôçÇ'çV^ÎÎjlîX^'l^f^Ji^it'^Pja^ii^pi e partakeríiot,janá¿veiiittien only if'tbe.boi y is not mangled^o^unlíaithijf^^8r'ihrpbóíl'cT - ^di^ion^or.tîn^plilriasl^^'ioiïys nottftn ni coinrrionthinttt forwwliÍMiv^rigl.rni "'?x'',AÍuÍiA\&'"Íi¡ar\%n': 'ÚJ'XA<\i,aiÍ¡¿ 'itia Oil tiiniB of Several TrllltM of Aboriifliiea in tint Woltorn lilntrlct ni Vicuirl». By Jamoa Dawson. Melbourne! : Ccorno Honor lion. Brat paroxysms of "calf love" to exclaim to the object of his adoration, " I love you «o, I i nulli eat yon, but it ia rathor startling to lind that our dark skinned uoighbourè were formerly in the habit of actuilly giving this extreme proof of their ilfcction or friendship. To provide the dead with a living tomb, such as we ourselves offer to oxen, sheep, pigs poultry, fish, and molluscs was certainly an ingenious idea and a most delicate mark of attention, and to feel that the fragments of a departed friend, transformed by the chemistry of the stomach into warm blood, were coursing through his veins in red cor puscles and were passing through his heart itself, must have been a thrilling sensation to the eater. And thia reminds ua of a very interesting fact mentioned by Mr Dawson, namely, " that there m no doubt that the aborigines had a knowledge of the cir tulation of the blood from the heart through the arteries, and of ita return by the \ einB To theBe blood véasela they give distinctive name« An artery l8 called gmtll man, a vein is called kaiiuran Xuuieek, or running blood Very careful inquiries have been made into thia subject from the moat intelligent of the aborigines, and it is ov ideut that they recognise the connexion between the heart and the pulse, and the fact that, while the arteries carry tho blood from the heart, the veins return it to the heart again On ita being hinted to them that they may have got this information from the white man, they said that they knew all about it before the white man came How did they acquire thia knowledge ' What teaches the bee to construct ita mathematically exact cell, the chicken to discriminate be tween the fly and tbe wasp, the bird to weave ita nest, and the beaver to construct its dam with the utmost engineering skill9 If, as Hartley aaya, " The direction in brutos to provide for themselves and their offspring be a kind of inspiration, mixing itself with and helping out that part of their facultiea which corresponds to reason m us and which is extremely imperfect in them, may we not conclude with Sir Matthew Hale, in his Primitive Origination of Mankind, that there are in the mmdB of the Bavage races certain truths which ' seem to be inscribed in the very texture of the soul, antecedent to any acquisition by industry or the exercise of the discursivo faculty, aud which resemble therefore, the instinctive know leite of the lower anímala' Considering the condition of some of the baekslums of this city and its suburbs and our knowledge of the science of sanitation it is not flattering to our self-love to be told that the aborigines are superior to us in point of cleanliness , for "it is worthy of remark, writes Mr Dawson, "that nothing offensive is ever to be seen near their habitations or in the neighbourhood of their camps and although their sanitary laws are apparently attributable to superstition and prejudice, the principles of these laws must have been suggested by experience of the dangers attendant on uncleanness in a warm climate, and more deeply impressed on their minds by faith in supernatural action and sorcery." Or they may have been the result of a natural instinct antecedent to all experience, just as in the case of certain monkeys, as, for example the black chim panzee in the Jardin des Plantes, in Paris which regularly washed itself all over with cold water every morning, as it had been accustomed to in its native forest and could not be restrained from so doing by the in jurious effect which this practice had upon its health m a cold climate. So too an ourang outang in the menagerie of the Pnnde of Orange always rinsed out its mouth after eating There are, as M Houzeau has pointed out in his Mudes sur les racvllés Mentales des Animaux, Com pat écs à celles de I Homme, bo mam pointB of resemblance between the higher anímala and the sa\age races that it is only reasonable to assume that both these and those are guided in many actions by what may be called innate instincts In anger the blackfellow grinds his teeth and contracta bis eyebrows and indulges in passionate cries like the monkey Drunkenness has the same effect upon both Both will fight for their females , both are cupablo of berne, moved to laughter and to tears, and both are partial to fetes and corobborees Those held by the monkeys of Central America, and by the eacred apea of India, near Deobund, to which thousands of these anímala reaort, at long and regular intervale and at which they pile their walking aticka m one place, like soldiers stacking bayonets resemble in some respects the festival gather inga of tho aborigines of this colony, and it is a curious fact, as recorded in the Boston Journal of Natural History, that when the black chimpanzees assemble for purposes of pastime, they make use of hollow lots of wood as drums, which they strike with sticks held by their hands and feet, much as the aboriginal woman rolls up her opossum rug and beats on it to elicit a drum like sound. It may not be irrelevant to add that the indigenous tribes on the weat coast of Africa, where these chimpanzees abound, look upon them a8 members of the human race who have been banished by their mia conduct from the society of other human beings, and who, by their persistence in wrong doing, have fallen into their present abject condition Nor will the natives eat a chimpanzee upon any consideration, as they would regard it as an act of cannibalism One of the most valuable chapters of Mr Dansons book is that which relates to the laws of marriage among the Australian aborigines especially when taken in con nexion with Dr M'Lennana work on Pi milne ¡damage and with the elibo rate investigations undertaken by Mr A W Howitt, and the Rev L 1 ison, aa recorded in their joint work, entitled Kamilaroi and Kumai The wisdom and efficacy of the law which forbids marriage within every division of a tribe may be aaid to be negatively proved by the fact that since this law has been disregarded, owing to European influences, the offspring of the aborigines have declined mhealth and vigour \\\ ith respect to the morality of the natives m connexion with tbeir sexual relations, Mr Daw Bon observes-"It says much for the morality of the aborigines and their laws that illegitimacy is rare and ia looked upon with suth abhorrence that the mother ia always severely beaten by her relatives, and sometimes put to death and burned Har child is occasionally killed and burned with her Ihe father of the child is also punished with the greatest Btventy, and occasionally killed Should he survive the chaBtisement indicted upon him he isalvvayB Bhnnned by the woman a relativea, and any efforts to conciljate them with gifts are spurned, and bia presents are put m tbe ure and burned , 'lhere.ia much that is eligible for extract m tbe vanouachapteraupon property, thenaming of children, the knowledge which the abort gilles baVe acquired of natural phenomena &c; , but enough has been, cited to indicate the general aharactec of the work, which baa been -written in a plain unpretend ing style] and with a scrupulous re tard to qccutfjftr Its value ia mate nally incireased by ft copious vocabularV of word? in three languages-the Gliaap If twow, or broadjip, the Kuuru liopan noot or small lip, andethePeei WUuuionj or kelp lip-which covers B4 quarto pages and by ian exposition of \ the native grammai1 Photograbhh of Kadern 'Kuuriawarn, chief of the Klrro Wuuróng. and of Yarruun Pat, pur rarnpen. çhiejfeas <¡f the Morpow tribe, and ftj/fld simile of the conveyance by which eight Lhiefa transferred 100,000 acres of land lying between Geelong and Queens cliff to John Batman*iii the year 1885 lona additional interest to,avolujno which may bp pronounced foibea roost valuable contribution to our knowledge of a people who are rapidly metung uway, and whose ultimate extinction Beema to be almost* inevitable Mauy years have been consumed in (¡hi collection by Mri '1 nylor of the material "so"systematically nrranged by Wfn^awAqn, biuUrie. bppjr. is one which is pretty surettOi ¡take a prominent place m the ethnological literature bf Aus; miri AmerjcJ.i «9^01»ffi,ftik Wrf Wf,t> but in future yeara when nothing remains oi the aborigines but memorials like those pre served in tho volume under notice 