SPORTING, THE KAPUNDA BAOBS. SECOND DAY : THURSDAY JUNE 2. Stewards- J. Shakes, J. W. Daw. Mark Watta, G. May, T. Cullinan, J. Mullen, and H. T. Morris, J.P.. Judge— Dr. J. A. G. H[?]lton. Starter—Mr. W. Steele. Clerk of thc?csles—Mi O. May. Clerk of the Ooane— Itt. O. N. Kidman. Secretary—Mr. H. V. Moyle.MP. The second daj's racing held in connection with the Kapunda Racing Olnb was not aj auo ccatful aa tbe fint owing to the wretchedly wet weather, that quite «f nit ali the pleasure that rifcerwkw might have been experienced. Aswa predicted tbe day before a wet night act iu after the fint daj'a sport, and the rain eou- HnoeJ aimokt withoot intermission daring the whole of the succeeding day. In addi tion .to the moutuie a very cold wind, escape tram which «u impossible, helped to rentier affairs doubly disagreeable, and the remit n> that scarcely half the number of visitors present on the opening day. ventured to brave the elements on the second, the attend ance in the stand itself being very meagre. Thote who did. came came in seasonable attire, mad sprat the greater part of their time nsder cover of the booths and stand, ventur ing forth only at intervals, when the rain held op, or when their t<-alii nr speculations compelled a tuit tc . 4 aiuljif* ot Mr. Evans's incline. Tbeie were a fow carriages tanged opposite the rtind, and the outside litexidaE.ee, eoseidexisg tne weather, was fair; but the game proprietors and showmen'had a very poor time of it, tbeir opera timm being entirely pot a stop to. Considering (he many drawbacks that a newly started racing dab has to contend against, it was exceedingly unfortu nate that the jood folk of Kapunda should sot hare Wad decent weather daring their inaugural Beating, bnt as the fields were in most caws quite np to the average of those at email eonctry coeefcngs, asd as a fairly numerous contingent of metropolitan sportsmen attended on both day*, it U to be hoped that they will T?>rf le^fcj^rt 11 unannnavoidablecircamstance* hare to militated against their first efforts, but willeodeavcr in f utnrc to continue their races, when no doubt their efforts will meet with public appreciation. Considering all things, it cannot be said that the Kapunda meeting of 1681 was a failure, for bad Um elements been at all r/ropitatioiu the races would hare been quite sucousfnl. The racing en the second day comprised fire events, the Steeplechase being of coarse tbe principal raediam at attraction. The first event on the card was a Maiden Plate of £30, weight for age, one mile; aiid for this only three tun> nan sported siik, vix, Mallala, Ocieftain, and Badger. The first named, on the strength of his running on tne first day, was made a pot of, and so greatly was he fancied that the totali zator did no business at all en the race, while the books refused to negotiate any straight out wagering. Mallala, however, never had the ghost cf a show with Mr. BeattVs Chieftain, aa aged local bora*, and quite a dark customer, who won from end to end. The totalizator received £3 over tbie race, two of which ware on Mallala and anstan Badger, so that the lucky investors received ISs. apiece in teturn for their pound invested oa tbe nro loceis. XLe Tora Plata of £48, two miles, was regardedaf a Batch between Okj?tal and Oock-o'tbe-walk, and for a time 6 to 4 was effartd oa the field. Eventually, however, Mr. CaS«n?m'6 ohesnut was backed at ovens against the field, and a rare flrhibitifln he made of his three opponente.aone of wham ever got within eooey of him, Oock-o'the-walk being the abaolataflastfthrotigboat. Aa absurd objeo tiaa to the two fint hones on a technical point was b?mediatel> overrated. The event of the day was then called on, and of the thirteen colored on the card only Timberoo, Momalong, Fiotitiou?, Fuz'lqz, and Jumping Frog failed to come np to the scratch. Luisy, who was ridden by Floyd, was soon installed a tremendous favorite, .as little aa 6 to 4 being aiked for in vain about Lex <-li?nr^ TS-^-?-« -cum, or (as he is generally mis - called Titp ?""*"*", was the most fancied of the remainder, though the OsVaparinga wioner, Trigger, received substantial support at a point longer odds. Bingwood was the outrider of the pait> ',; nor can tui* be wondtred at, as Mi.Oraba, bis toner's eon, put uj> 23 lbs. overweight to ride him. There was bnt little delay when the eight runners had taken up their positions be fore Mr. Steels gave tile word u onT,"andTaraxa enm tbowed the way at a fair pace down tbe bill. The race is folly described below, and produced far fewer niahsps than waa generally anticipated. As we stated yesterday tfra coarse ' is an awkward one, if not in some places even dangerous; in fact Oorrigan, who arrived I specially to ride Taraxacum in this event, re fused to fulfil his mission after he had aeeu the track. However, no accident occurred worth recording, Clifton being the only horse that fell ! at all, and he fill in such a soft plase that no I ill results eraucd. Taraxacsm led for the first mil* and a half, when ha ran round the jump at tbe foot of tbe nil, and thereby lost so much ground tfcat he could never get near the leaotf,Loey.again. Tbelastriiaa>edran well from atart to finish, and in the result won very easily, but hsd Mr. Bead's gelding not made the nristrftit above illraipfl to, it as more chan likely that he woold have won in a canter. The Jaacr, for ooee in a way, ran roaod without exhibiting the least inclination to bait, aud it is evident tbat Mr. Feorj's borre is fonder of the rough country than of a\ good flat race course. After tbe race the. owner ef Taraxacum catered a protest against tbe winner oa the ground that seme one connected with her had takes down a rail in the last jump. After a few minutes, however, be withdrew his protest, in which, we think, there waa nothing that •onjd have caused Lucy's disqualification, even had tfce assertion been proved. A Canislation Handicap cf £25, one mile and a quarter, fol lowed the big race, tfimgli as most of the apectatxa left the course after the Steeplechasa bad been decided, hot little interest was taken in it. Biflemsti, with the very light impost of 6 at. 10 lbe, eantered away from the Opposition trio, and safely landed the oddi laid on him. A Hack Baee of £10 fail to Aster, a local horse, and the viators ware glad to escape tbe violence of tbe weather, and get bask to the hot dinners awaiting them in tbe township. A special train left for Ade laide is the evening. The totalizator dividends were as follows: — Maidens — Chief rain, niL Town Plate Oryatal, £2 «i. Steeplechase— Lucy, £2 12s. Oonsoiation Stakes—Rifleman, a 18a. Hacks—Actor, £* la. The following are the details of the running:— M&isns;, of £20. Weight tot age. One mile. Mi. W.Beattie's b«. Chieftain, aged,? st. 1 lb. (Edwards) .„ ... .„ .„ ... 1 Mr.*. Cowan's bja. Mallala, aged, 9 it ljlb. (King)_ ... —. ™ ... _. 2 Mi. i. deary's g-h. Badger, C yrs., 9et 1 ib. (Moyle) ... .„ ... _. ... 3 Le Hoi, Bnr&nrer.; Eoyal Blend. King Lnd, Mentor, and Jack Harkawaj were scratched. Suxnower's owner was fined £1 Is. for late scratching. Betting—s to 4 Mallala, 5 to 1 the others (offered). Badger nude play, cloudy followed by tbe other pair for a quarter of a mile, when Mallala took op the running, and Badger dropped back last. Tbe leaders kept close com pany to tbe hill, where the favorite wai in tT*" H* t and ChieftAJn coming away won in a canter by sir lengths, bad third. Towsr Fiats, of £10. Two miles. Mr. B Ooleman's ch-h. Crystal, by Bhiegown —Ithaca,3 inmost.4 lbs.(Williams) ... 1 Mr. Beth Ferry's cfag. Frank Hewitt, aged, ? ?t. 3 lbs. (Patterson) 2 Mr. I>. OTDea'a brJ?. D.0.D., aged, 9 St. 3 lbs. (Wyman) .« 3 Mr. K. Weekes's b h. Oook-o'-the Walk, 4 yr«. 0 ct. IS lbs. (King) 0 Mallala, BhamTook, Haven, and Silver Thread were eoratehrd. tVtting-Bvens on Crystal, I to 1 Cook-o' the-Walk. S to 1 D.OJ). and Frank Hewitt. Frank Hewitt jumped away in front, fol lowed by the favorite and D.0.D., Goek«o'-the- Walk, who refused to gallop, being Ust. Oryttal ran pact the leader along the bottom stretch, aad went on with the running, and led for the first time pest the stand by a dozen lengths. The last mile was simply a procession, as the favorite cantered a long way in front of nil opponents for tbe remainder of the journey ana woo in the commonest of canter* by abomt thirty kogths. Frank Hewitt was aecond on BUfferanee, and Cock- o*- the-Walk, a long way in the rear, last. An objection to the winner on the ground of non-acceptance was not enter laintd. Handicap Bteepixcju=b, of £70. About three miles. Mr. J. B. Bavflr* bkm. Lacy, by Tregeagle 6>M.,lort. 11 lbs. (Floyd)™ ...... J Mr O. H. Beid's bfcg. Taraxacum, 6 yrs_ 10 at. (Beancbamp) ... „ 2 Mr. Beth Fetrj's llg. Joker, 6 yrs, 10 st. 4 lbs. (Lee) .„ 3 Mr. W.Ocabr/s b<. Ringwood, aged, 11 at. (ineluding2«t. extra) (Mr. Orabb) 0 Messrs. J. fe;T. Jaekaon's g^. Trigger, 6 yrs.. 10 st 9 lbs. (Power)... * ... „; * ' 0 Mr. O. Aiken's b g. Clifton, aged, 10 st. 7 Ibf (Goode) ... ... „ 0 Mr. B Colemsn'a b g. Faugb-a- Ballagb. aced O«t.l2lbs. (Bisaett) fc ._* 0 Mr. J. Hart's b.g. Whitefoot, aged, 8 at. 7 lbs. (Munro) ... 0 Piubnoo, Momajccg, Fictitioni, Fuzbaz,and 7mnptng Frog were scratched. Betting-5 to 4 afainft Lacy, 3 t3 1 Tarasa- 4 to 1 Trigger, and 8 to 1 any other. The flag fell at the second attempt to a goad start, Taraxacum showing the way to the fint jacsp, followed by Clifton, Joker, and Trigger, with the favorite and Wtitefoot lying off. The fust fence was nesptiatad aafely, bat *t the next OMCUfton came to grief, tbe others ail jump ing welL Taraxacum led for tbe first round; when they pasaed tbe stand the order being Taraxacum, Joker, Trigger, Tjoey, Whitefoot, RingwMd, and Fangn-a-BaUagfa. This order wMaaaiataineduntUnaaningthe fence at tbe bettowef Oeueen^when Taraxacum baolked, and before be oomld to got over Jost ao much groond tbat his chanee, bar accidents, was hope less. Lucy led past the stand for the second time. Joker and Trigger in tha order nanil beicg in cUae atteadaaoe, all going well, Fatgh-a-Ballagh was fonrth, and Taraxa. cuaa next, fjuay made tbe pass pretty hot a? they went dewn tha hill fee the last time, and was ten lengths to the good as the thiee leaders raced along the bottom. At the last jump but one the favorite had all her oppo'-ents in difficulties, and coming away at ler (im, aha won in a pomes an canter toy half a deern Ingths from Taraxacum, who was a length is frobt of Ji.ker third, Trigger close up iourtb, and Faugb- a-BaUagfa. tha only other timt fiLihLed, fifth. An objection to the winner on account of a rail having been takes down from the la*t jump was withdrawn. Cob eolation Hasdicap, of £SS. Oao and a quarter miles. Mr. I>. Buapsoa'a b&. Biflaman, by Young Benait > 4jra,eet.lolbs. ~ .„ ... 1 Mr. Gordon's b k . Beppo, aged, 6 st. 7 Mr.S.Ferry >sgg.Bound-to,eyrs < ««t.slbs. 3 Mr.Qoinlivan'«gtuStanley,4yrs..7st.7lbs. 0 Gmspipe, Taraxacum, and Frank Hewitt were scratched. lietting—6 u 4 on Rifleman, who made the wto! e of tbe running and won in tbe commonest ct canters by three lengths. Bousd-to passed btacley on the peat and took third place. Back Back, of £10. One and a half miles: 8 et np. Astor 1 Badger; 2 rtttnix — 3 Ticoper alto ran. The winner aad Badger ma?3fc alternate running to tha last tors, when Aster came sway and won easily by two lengths. 