Nobelist. PARTNERS : A TRUE STORY. BY A COUNTRY ATTORNEY. CHAPTER XII.— (Continued.) "Hum !" thought Puffy ; "this is very polite ; too infernally polite, altogether ; she must suspect something ; at all events, it is clear the game is up with her." Mr. Puffy was uneasy. He got up and examined his ledger, but, apparently, found nothing satisfactory in the shape of a solution of his difficulty, for he shut the book with a slam and a muttered curse. "That cursed account of Brown's must be squared some how," he muttered ; "but how to do it I don't know. There is not one of the other customers of the bank that will look at such a rotten investment. My only hope was in Mrs. Hardgrove, and she has failed me. It is too bad. There must be some cursed friend or another who has ad- vised her against it. Hang her ! I thought she would have trusted me, and to go and take some sneaking outsider's advice about it ! Well, one never can depend upon those infernal women ;" and Mr. Puffy stamped his foot, and cursed Mrs. Hard- grove, as if he really had good grounds for thinking that he had suffered a personal wrong, because that lady would not allow herself to be swindled by him. Mr. Puffy was, un- questionably, in a fix. He required £2000 to square Brown's account ; and he had only about £1000 of his own to do it with. This amount was as much as he could raise, by straining, to the utmost, his resources of a legitimate nature. The most of the money he had made was invested in some fabu- lously rich quartz reef, which had not, as yet, done any good ; and the shares of which were, at present, almost valueless, from a variety of causes, incidental to quartz- reefing. "To be gravelled for a paltry £1000," he groaned ; "it is enough to make a man dishonest." Mr. Puffy was unconscious of saying any- thing funny here. He really meant it. He was in such an awful funk, that he really thought that honesty and his own salvation, out of this particular difficulty were synonymous terms. This is often the way with men of intense practicalness. They think themselves the hub of creation, and have not sufficient imagination to picture the result of any action except in the light of their own interests. But amidst the sombre cogitations of the unhappy banker, a ray of light seemed at length to struggle through the mental darkness. An idea had evidently struck him, for as he left the bank, and, putting on his most dégagé air, strolled leisurely into the Commercial Hotel. After having a drink with the landlord, Mr. Sloggins, and discussing the weather, the price of fat stock, the increase of the rabbit plague, &c.;, &c.;, he said, casually : "By the way, Sloggins, do you remember my mentioning to you about having made a sort of puzzle on a bit of paper in Hooky's office the other day ?" "Oh ! yes, distinctly," said Sloggins. "Is it a bet ?" "Oh, yes." "You marked," said Sloggins, slowly, as he proceeded to illustrate the matter with a bit of pencil on the margin of the Slocum Advertiser, "you marked on one of Hooky's promissory note forms the date, thus : X. VI. LXXIX." "Well, by Jove !" said Puffy, "I thought you wouldn't have remembered it." The drinks were brought in, and, after a little more general conversation, Mr. Puffy left. He returned to the bank with a satisfied air, and about 10 o'clock that night he strolled down in the direction of Hooky's office. What took place between these two worthies will appear further on. \------------------------------- CHAPTER XIII. WHEN Jim Walker bade adieu to Mrs. Hardgrove ; or rather, as he said himself (when he gallantly kissed her hand in part- ing) au revoir, it was his intention to return in a very short time, to once more bask in the smiles of his mistress. In the mean time he requested his friend Parchment, to arrange some of his papers, and pay all his accounts, and generally make preparations for his approaching departure. Thus it happened that Parchment was in Walker's office on the night that Mr. Puffy was in search of Hooky. He had just finished his work when the clock struck eleven. When he put the light out he made for the door, at the same time feeling in his pocket for the key. As the key was not in his pocket, it is needless to say that he searched in vain. He then sought for a match, but found to his disgust that he had not got one. Then commenced a painful quest, in the dark, for the key which he had a sort of impression was on the table among some papers. Turning round, he made a bee line for the chair he had just vacated, with a step as confident and assured as if he were strol- ling round the Eastern Market, under the six electric lights which illuminate that paradise of cheap Johns. It is worthy of remark that, under such circumstances, one invariably goes in a direc- tion diametrically opposite to that which one intends to go. Mr. Parchment was convinced that the table, with the key on it, lay about north-east by north. As a matter of course, he marched boldly sou-sou-west by half south ; and coming plump on to the stand which held the copy- ing press, knocked it and the water bottle over, with a crash that made Mrs. Brown, who was sleeping soundly next door, jump up in bed with her hair standing on end, under the impression that the Kellys were about. Mr. Parchment was not much given to pro- faint, but he felt an irresistible impulse to swear. It is due to him, however, to say that he compromised the matter by simply ejaculating : "thunder !" Parchment stood for a moment to collect his thoughts, while he rubbed his bump of locality, to obtain an inspiration as to his whereabouts. He had a vague idea that when he was sitting at the table the window was in front of him, and the copying press to his right. He was not quite sure about this, but being of a buoyant and impulsive nature, he acted upon his impression as if it were a certainty. "It is very clear," said he, "that if the copying press is here, the table must be over there." This was, no doubt, a perfectly correct inference to make, and if the premises had been faultless, the deduction would have had the logical appositeness of a true syllogism. "I am here," said Mr. Parch- ment "therefore the table must be over there." The major premise was correct, but the minor was evidently imperfect, for the conclusion of the syllogism landed Mr. Parchment's head through one of the window panes. For the first time during this trying scene Tom Parchment used a very big D, but under the circumstances, he may plead justification. While his head was outside, and he felt the invigorating effects of the cool Slocumnian night air. Tom had serious thoughts of ending his difficulties by shouting, ore rotunda :— "Ring the alarm-bell. Murder and treason ! Banquo and Donalbain !" but reflecting that the room was only about fifteen feet square, he determined to make another effort to find that key— or, at least, the table. To guard against any further mishaps, he determined to circumnavigate the room, in order to fix the positions of the door and window and any other land mark that would be useful. Accordingly he put his hand carefully along the wall, and felt his way round to the left, knocking over a clock and an ink-bottle in his progress. Thus cautiously advancing, he had nearly completed the circuit of the room when a fresh catastrophe happened. He had forgotten all about the copying press until he was forcibly reminded of its exist- ence by tumbling over it a second time where the floor had been rendered slippery by the upsetting of the water-bottle. As he fell this time, he began a series of forcible remarks, and making a wild grab at the wall to save himself, he succeeded in bringing down on the top of his head a map of the world which adorned the office. It must have been a very rotten map, for Tom's head went right through it, and came out about the Sargasso Sea, in the North Atlantic Ocean, somewhere between the Gulf of Mexico and the Straits of Gib- raltar. In the interests of truth we must now acknowledge, that Tom's aversion to strong language fairly broke down. He swore, as the French say, long and large. While his head was still through the map he reached out his left hand, and blasphemed right down the American continent from Alaska in the North, to Cape Horn in the south ; then stretching out his right hand he distributed a stream of mild profanity, from Siberia right through the Desert of Gobi, across Chinese Tartary, over the Phillipine Islands, New Guinea, Queensland, New South Wales and as he finished at Mel- bourne his hand struck— the key he was looking for, which was in the door all the time. Now this adventure of Tom Parchment, although it was very annoying at the time, turned out, as it happened, a very fortunate circumstance. If it had not been for the delay thus caused he would have been out of Walker's office a quarter of an hour before. As it was he was just preparing to go out when he heard the familiar voice of Puffy outside talking to someone, who it turned out was Hooky. They were going into Hooky's office and a kind of instinct told Parchment that this mysterious conjunction of two such bright particular stars boded evil to somebody. He therefore remained perfectly quiet, and presently he heard the striking of a match, while a stream of light broke through a ventilator in the wall between the two offices, which had hitherto been concealed by the map, the downfall of which had been the cause of so much cursing. Tom Parchment was the soul of honour, but he considered himself quite justified in endeavouring to find out what the two conspirators were about ; he therefore used the knowledge, of locality acquired by his late investigations to put his back under the table, and, after the expenditure of an infinite deal of patience, he placed it, noiselessly, close against the wall, underneath the ventilator ; and, mounting upon it, he could look into the next room, and see and hear all that was going on. \-------------------------------- CHAPTER XIV. Tom Parchment, from his coigne of vantage, could see distinctly everything in Hooky's office. It was very evident that there was an uncomfortable feeling of con- straint between the two men. Silas Hooky had the appearance of a man who anticipated an impending evil ; while Puffy was attempt- ing to assume the role of one perfectly at his ease, while he was constrainedly nervous, and spasmodically jolly— or at least loud. "You will pardon me, Mr. Puffy," said the lawyer, "if I fail to understand the drift of your remarks which, to say the least, are in questionable taste." "You don't like them," said' Puffy, drily. "I don't like them, and I don't under- stand them," retorted Hooky, savagely ; "and let me tell you, once for all, that I will not submit to this assumption of superiority on your part, which I look upon as an impertinence." "Lardy dah !" said Puffy. There was a savage gleam in the lawyer's eyes, as he half rose from his chair, apparently with the intention of seizing his companion by the throat. However, he conquered his impulse, and sat down again ; but the banker lost his nonchalant air, and his colour at the same time. He had evi- dently gone too far, and he appeared to come to the conclusion that Hooky was not a man to be trifled with. The men were taking each other's measure. After a moment's silence the lawyer said, "If you will cease your hints and innuendoes, and state plainly what you want me to do, it will, perhaps, be better for both of us." "I only want you to do, for our mutual benefit, what you have already done for your own," said Puffy. "That is— ?" interjected the lawyer, im- patiently. "Forge !" said Puffy, in a low tone. "Oh !" exclaimed Hooky, "you do me too much honour," and he leant back in his chair with the easy air of a man who had just discovered the point of a joke which had hitherto escaped him. "And so you think that among my mani- fold accomplishments I am fool enough, to include that of the forger, eh ?" "Look here, Hooky, let us drop this and come to business," said the banker, shortly. "Proceed, my friend, proceed," said Hooky ; "unfold your scheme to the atten- tive ears of yours truly. I admire your impertinence. I always knew you were a rogue. I am conscious that I am not immaculate myself ; but I did not think before that you were a fool ; and I was certainly unaware that I had given you reason to think that I was one. But go on, go on, I am all attention. Whose name am I to forge, pray, for our mutual benefit, ha ! ha ! very good ! for our mutual benefit, ho ! ho !— what coiner of phrases you are, Puffy." The banker bit his lip impatiently, while the lawyer was indulging in his untimely merriment— which had a somewhat false ring about it. Hooky laughed, but the laughter was forced. It did not spring spontaneously from, a jocund heart, or a tickled imagination. It was a stage laugh, and carried with it hardly even the ghost of merriment. Such as it was, however, the lawyer suddenly ceased his assumed mirth, and bringing his jaws together with a snap, turned an enquiring look upon his companion. "What do you mean by saying, or insinuat- ing rather, that I have committed forgery," he suddexdy enquired. "I simply mean," replied the banker, "that I know you have done it ; that I can prove you have done it ; but that I think it will suit me better to work with you, rather than against you." "In other words," said Hooky, "you think you have a hold on me, and that you will graciously permit me to become your cat's-paw." "We shall share equally," said the banker. "In the profits ?" queried Hooky. The banker nodded assent. "And the risks ?" persisted the lawyer. Puffy smiled in a deprecating fashion, that he had acquired by long habit of doing unpleasant things in as pleasant a manner as possible. "Supposing I refuse," said Hooky. "I should explain to you, that it would be better to reconsider your virtuous resolu- tion," said Puffy. "Well then explain at once, for I emphati- cally decline to commit a crime for the sake of enriching you." "And yourself," interjected Puffy. "Possibly," said Hooky, but let me hear your reasons for supposing that I am capable of the crime, in the results of which you are willing to share." "I know, for instance, that you forged John Thorn's name to a promissory note for £500." "And supposing I said you lied in making such a statement— what then ?" "Then, I should simply say that your ob- servation was more vigorous than correct," replied Puffy— "but let me explain ;" and, hereupon, Puffy unfolded to the lawyer the means by which he had become possessed of his secret. Hooky listened to the narration with a countenance in which the varying shades of contemptuous incredulity gave way to the conviction gradually forced upon him, that the chain of evidence was complete. However, he was not a man to yield without a struggle. He returned once more to the charge. "All this may be perfectly correct," said he ; "and yet, as I deny the charge, it may only tend to prove that I have been the victim of a base conspiracy. What was to prevent you from making those hieroglyphics upon which you place so much stress, after the bill came into your hands as well as before it left my office ?" "Certainly, there is something in that ; and, if it were only a question of your oath against mine, I suppose the one is as good, or as bad as the other; but the whole sur- roundings of the case are shady, and the transaction will not bear investigation ; more- over, I can bring a witness to prove that before the bill was known to be in existence, I had made these marks upon a blank form in your office." (To be continued.) 