EXCERPTS FROft AMERICAS PAPERS. Dais'-i tai t*^ijty-Sre Baptist chorccee, the whole =e»heji!iip of which is col? 933. Oae htmdres tod fifty cf these meiri^o^rt are Xae azmber of converts daring the late Indianapolis revival it estimated at 12,000. E m x t'-yt that every iriojiaca of tmtV u oot Only a sort of suicide id the lizr. bst a a sub cf tiie health of henna society. T*»t American BiUe Society issued lad circulated last year, 1,474,603 copies of the Scriptiret, in 30 different iaagaages. Trie Albany Teltgmpk notes the fsst that, •of the 337 Cstboll-c priectx who were in thii eosatry in ls3t bat {oar are living. Toer • are—Archbishop ParceS cf Gmcinnf.£i, Archbishop He-.n: of Milwaukee, Rev. James Fittoa tisen of Worcester, Mia., a^d Eev. Fitia.-r Hi-remans of Troy. A bitter quarrel nas sprang np between lord Bate and the PresSyterr of Bathsay. More than & ce&isiy; ago £rrt Lord Bote ba2t a ebaptl i* tee gnrcad* of Mount Stewart, Ttii for tmo ieneraStoa was at j the pirisfe cBi-rch. Wfarc ih? present Mar- Quit btauce a Eoasan Cetfelic it was cWi. l't u bo* prcpos^ » re^oec the c h a p e E0:saaCi.:30lic&.i!00i,=Qi the whoie iiacd j it in a SiTt «t th« notiec. A K_u" x .' i ti. Tean_. a i^rcha^t vr recect3y lizwenry -d&IlirE; fjr £5Eisg a 1 al OB ^^isday. Fracc* is a'aj^t to emplay lie vjectric lig'it re iflrty-two piinapal Iight-isoeses- The O^ca/o hoitb oSccte on night, wetk before last, vaccinated SS) persjss ie «ne s^rc % :fore midnight. ATI rr-yp repine tHit come fitd Irelaad are gwl That ccmatry appears to be cittan •isc all oth«s is the matter of prodoctios, ts tbe best mssaer. As iMia^^lh firm baa bought the ona,ie :n three groves, warSanforrL oear Sanford. Florida, jnriag Efteen collart a 1055 for the frcit en Tic trees. Tee crops wiil aggregate 690.«£ or 700,000 oranges. Edward Larson, of XtiUville. Wis., selected tbe ofice cf the R^uVirajL, a local cta-tpap^r, as tfee pSa.se of his saicide with lasd^mnzi netntly, ko that he slight have the a&ir; proptHy oiiittu np. Toe 77<»«! fjbirmr eays that the inimaae of wealth ic this coimtry is afcoxpaaied by la Uhing i^prove^t in the f'jTE!. ^ ^ ^ i A dyisgthicf cae cosipaoionately released ' fron the Sitaie Island State prison, and sent to pass feis TKcaining days at borne in Providence; bet before lus death be crawled est and T-obbeS fierai bosses. In the -trial of Miss Fletcher, a B-xtea apintaal medium, for ewindliog a dupe, she asted permTBtiia to intzcdcce the teatimensof a disembodied sprit. His Honor eaid so. It is estimated that not less than 10,006 bssoeli of wild blackberries were picked in Hemb'A&t; i-rjstr this scmmtr. A monster scale which lays myriad? of eggs, has been foond on the olive-trees ic this part of the State. Entomblogiste are bisy investigating it. A nomber of Jecnits, expelled iron ¥€*naet have arrived at Qaebec. Cooea county, , has a Mormon excite- Kent, and converts are being made. Kew York batchers, who make from 40 dollirs to 90 dollars a week, are demanding higher wages. Toe Ttew Orieans Tim'.* in despair declares that city to be " the most mi^overaed, the Bost hocdlnmised, the most beknaved and bebnmtn^red of all cities." From 15,000 to 20.000 people da3v attend the canip-m&eting; of spiritualists nesr Philadelphia, and a brass band officiates at the aemoea. The ghosts ought to fed en- •oorsged. Chicago is increasing in population at a tremendous pace. Continue the cheap isre* hither, ar.d id 1:190 Chicago w^l be the chief •hy of the B^poblic. As a practical token of sympathy, Jlrr Garfeld has received a draft for £100 from four churches of the Disciples in as a contribntian to the briiding fc&d; for the sational chape! at Wachingten. Ex- Governor Oglesby of Illinois, who has been in Colorado since the winter, writes to friends at home that the mining richness of that country has been greatly exaggerated, and that maoy of the best mines now being worked are at any time likely to become exhausted. A New York defpatch says :—"The notorious ' The 1 Allei has tnamed a handsome young girl, worfi 440.000 dol. He was divorced a few weeks ago." In describing a new organ, a raxal critic says :—"The nt'tll dies away in a delicious suffocation, like one ringing a sweet song under the bedclothes." Eight thousand casks of wine were destroyed by a recent fire at Bordeaizz. The Snltan of Turkey has granted 1,500,000 acres of land in the district of Gilead and Moab for a Jewish colony. He reoeived pay therefor froia wealthy Jewish capitalists. ' Lady physicians were not allowed seats at the recent sessions of the International Medical Congress at London, this decision being, it is alleged, in consequence of the objections of Queen Victoria. This is the latest Western form Of saying a man was hanged :—" He wax unanimously chosen by a convention of six propertyholders to jump trom a new pine plctform into the sweet subsequently." Said by die Boston TrannciipL to have been foond on a tombstone in Mascbeste^ England :— G Beneath Oris nleat tomb is laid A noisy antiquated maM, "Who fronj lur cndle talked till deeA, And ne'er before was out ot breath. A'German newly arrived in Kew York, writing home his impressions of the inhabitants, thus describes them : — "Tbey ran about the streets all day long cheating each other, and dey call dat business t Tot a guatry ! vet a peoples T The 'deaths in Kew York on 6tfe and 7th Aogoat numbered 148, sixty of wtSeh are directly attributable to the heat. The sage for building that set is with the opemng of this year, and is still continued without abatement, is without precedent in the city of New York. It is to be attributed in part to the general prosperity «f the •ojurfry-for the past two or three yeas, and to the desire of capitalists to place their money where it will bring in the best returns. 