HItS. OLIPHANT'S NEW NOVEL.* Mrs. Oliphant'e pen is as fluent and facile aa ever, her versatility is as great, her invention as prolific, ha characters as distinctly indi vidualised, her dialogue as bright, her powers of construction as well nnder command. Her present story exhibits no falling off in any of these respects. It is a narrative which moves within the scope of the upper ranks of life, and draws its chief interest from social conditions. The first scene is that of the un ceremonious introduction of Spears, the de magogue, into the country mansion of the Markhams, by Paul, the eldest son, who, though represented as of the most strongly aristocratic tastes and feelings, has been led, by the influence erf Spears, to adopt his theories of social equality. Sir William Markham is not at home, and Lady Markham has to do the honours of the house to the rather puzzling and somewhat uncouth stranger. The mutual awkwardness, in each other's company, of the lady and of the man of the people is well depicted, and Paul, who brought his friend and mentor to the parental mansion out of mere bravado, is the most awkward Of all. Then, when Spears announces himself aB the social revolutionist he is, and expects to see himself ordered to quit the aristocratic roof of the Markhams, and in' place of this finds himself treated with something like light ridicnle by the lady, the scene is bronght before the reader by a few clever, well-placed touches. The view face to face of the beautiful, gentle, highbred patrician lady moves the sturdy demagogue deeply, and he afterwards admits, when speaking of his visit, "The mother-ah, there it is! We can't build up women like that. I don't know how you're to do it with ont their conditions. We have good women, and brave women, and pure women, but nothing like that. You have to see it even to know what it is." " I'd have," he pro ceeds, ! " the best of everything in my re public. I'd have that little old man's pluck and self-command; and the lady-I don't see my way to anything like the lady." Lady Markhamia an admirable portrait. She is a charming character, and is most dexterously brought before the reader. Bat with all her fine perceptions fend excellent social tact she makes a fatal mistake ingoing to Spears in his workshop to toy to induce him to use his influence todiBsuade her son Paul from emigrating, and, above all, to prevail. upon him to interfere to prevent Paul from marrying his (Speais's) daughter. The pro cedure was a great miscalculation, and the; result was even more disastrous than could. have bean atvtidpaS^d. ; Lady JiMkh&m;'B suggestion-introduces a new idea into the: minds of Spears and his daughter and Paul, and brings into existence tbe very danger she had sought to avoid. The lady's petition t to Spears to forbid the supposed love affair, rouses his wrath. " My lady," he said, ^'ypn forget where you &ie;, .and.lyoq forget ;?Qnr, politeness for once. How -do yon know my girl is not like the women he has been' used' * * "-Be tbftt Will Not When He U%y" by Mrs. Olipbaot. London: Macmillui and Oo. 188Q. to ? By God ! she's better than moat he'll meet with among your depraved and worn-out race. 3ty girl! if it be trae, and she likes him, do yon think I would forbid it, to save your fine blood from pollution, and keep your Paul for some fine lady of the kind he's been used to T No, not for a million of mothers-not for all the soft-spoken insults in the world." This is a bad beginning of diplomacy, and when Spears calls in his daughter and de mands from her if Paul is in love with her, the question at once brings to full con sciousness in the girl's mind vague floating notions that had before passed through it, and she makes answer in the affirmative. When pressed for particulars by her father, she re plies, " There are things as a girl cannot speak about. There a deal of things as are nothing in themselves ; but still a girl knows what they mean." The answer gives a pang to the mother, as confirming her worst fears, and to poor Spears they give an even keener pang by the slipshod grammar being so inadequate to the importance of the occasion. Finally, when Lady Markham is incautious enough to allow Paul to learn where she haB been, the object of her in quiries,and the nature of the girl's admissions, and Paul, terrified at the position in which his mother's mission has placed him, declares that if his life is spoiled it will have been her doing, she comes to see that her piece of volunteer diplomacy has resulted in very unlucky failure indeed. Paul is about as unpleasant a hero as any lady novelist ever offered to the admiration of mankind He is presented as the typical ? aristocrat, and is seen to be an extremely bad type. He is arrogant, selfish, egotistic to the I last degree. He is utterly indifferent to the feelings of all others. He is disobedient to his father, hard and stern to his mother, dis dainful to hisBister, unfaithful to his friend and mentor Spears, whom he pretendB to believe in while he is separated from him by his heirship and expected title, and whom he repudiates and forsakes when changing cir cumstances reduce the difference in station between them. We hardly see what Mrs Oliphant's notion of her hero is, but to most readers he will appear, we believe, much more objectionable than he was meant to be by hiB creator. On the other hand, her j typical demagogue, Spears, whom she treats with some amount of condescension, is a sterling, good; and worthy fellow, far superior in every way to the young aristocrat, who so disappoints his expectations and affection. ! But still Mrs. jpiiphant has a half dislike for him, and is, indeed, sufficiently conventional more than once to refer to the " rugged features" shej gives to the sturdy, honest democrat, whqm, almost in spite of herself, she makes the; truest gentleman in her book. The episode |>f the two odd visitors to the stately halls of iMarkham Chase (Colonel and Mrs. Lenny), both old, and lean, and brown, coming up like'ghosts of the past from the distant West Indies to recall to the mind of Sir William Markham some of the forgotten incidents of his distant youth, is well told, and it admirably and naturally prepares the reader for the m6re important visit that fol lows. This is theratrival of the elder son by a former,almost forgotten, marriage, who comes to assert bis rights, and brings alarm and dire dismay into the hitherto placid family circle. The incident-improbable as are the conditions which make it possible- ia well told, and the strange little brown gentleman from £he tropics is an exceedingly clever por traits. He is so quiet and kindly in feeling, so desirous to be on good termB with, and to be received as, a member of the later family, whcpe legal position his unexpected return so itrangely affects, and yet, withal, so de termined to exact his full rights as son and beiij The dreariness and disappointment that falli upon the " little gentleman" when he finds himself master of Markham Chase, a barinet, and possessor of the family pro perty are very well shown, and the reso lution which he at length arrives at to retifn to the West Indies, buy the lost eataie of his mother's family, and hand over the English property to his younger brothers and sisters, has a satisfactory degree of piobability provided for it. His departure front Markham, amid the tears of. the younger children, is a capital little picture. He jeees Dolly Stanforth, whom he had wan Jed to marry, standing by the rectory gate,! with tears running down her cheeks, as he diives past. " He had the carriage stopped at tliat last moment, and stepped out to speak to her, letting his fur cloak fall on the road.; ' Marry Paul, my dear,' he said, ' that will be a great deal better than if you had married me. But you may give me a kiss before I go away.' There was a vague notion in Sir Gus's mind that little Dolly had fvanted to marry him, but that he had (discouraged the idea. He spoke in something of the same voice to the children as they saw him go away> watchtd him driving off. 11 can't tn-Vp you with me,' he said,' but you shall come and see mi.' And so, with great dignity and satisfaction, Sir Gus went away." Mrs. piiphant contrives to fill every corner of her jstory with «ome clever sketch of cha-r racter dr trait of shrewd observation. The talk tbkt she puts in the mouth of her in teresting little children is capital, being «t ohce so vivacious and BO nnturaL Whentbe' nhknowji eldest brother .comes to Mfu-frfiiim. house, in the absence <* the parent*, beh** chat with the childreft, to whom he Intro duces hiioself aa a close r^lajtive.". Are yon otae of thip UnderwooQ tf&rkhatasf; thelittle ®rl continued, ' The people that none says ^ould g«|b Markbam If we were all to die?" 'They jmnSt W very disagreeable people, I think/ said the. stranger, with » senile. QlThey fiev^t come Ijeie. Nuijse^ays they were in snoha way when we were ail bpm.'w When Gas, in the . assertion «jf liis JBJlU 'rights, forces his way close to thftJrid^yjp0]Se grave bf his father, wearing hajf-banfajuidB$wf..of the largest scale, and making the responses louder that) anyone else, " hia appearance in all those trappings of woe, which no one else wore, pointed him. doubly oat to public notice. In deed, the undertaker approved of him for that it was showing a right feeling-even though it was not from himself that Mr. Gna had pro cured that livery of mourning." Alice Mark ham, Paul's favourite Bister, in extenuating her brother's refusal to listen to the' argu ments and authority of his father, makes the sensible remark, " Papa proves you so in the wrong that you can't help going on with it." The old admiral, of traditional con servative views concerning the new-fangled warships of the present day, is probably a fair sample of many ornaments of the naval half-pay list. " ' Ships,' the bigoted old sea man cried, the foam flying from his lips,' I doncall 'em BhipB !' He ran his words into each other, which made him very difficult to understand. ' Shtinking old tin-kettles, old potsbanpans, that's what I call 'em. Set a Beaman afloatin 'em shlike puttin' emdowna mine. I don' callit afloat!' " When reminded that science must have her way, the old sea king of the present half-pay type rejoins " Let'er hav'erway down to the bottom if Bhesbamind. One good Beamanah worth more 'ona Bhipload o' ph'losophers. Let'em man 'erownships; let 'em man their own BhipB. Crew o' ph'losophers 'shtead o' sea men. Bust their boiler's often ahtheylike, and devil a harm." A pretty episode of the story is the love affair between young Fairfax, Paul's college friend, and Alice, the daughter of the house, which grows up unconsciously while Fairfax is rendering aid to the ladies in all kinds of ways during Sir William's last illness. The young fellow's pathetic declarations to Lady Markham that he knows it is presumption in him to lift his eyes to Alice, he, a nobody who never had a grandfather, is very humorously given. Lady Markham, with out actively discouraging his suit, tries to check it, till Fairfax supplements his former confession of unworthiness. " There is one thing I forgotten to say, Lady Markham. It is of no consequence; it does not affect the question one way or another. Still, perhaps I ought to tell you. It is that I am ridi culously, odiously, abominably-" " What ?" she cried, in alarm. " Rich!" cried the young man. " You know the worst of me now." Fairfax and Lady Markham both consider that this matter of wealth makes no difference, but, in fact, it makes all the difference. From that time " Lady Markham's opposition gradually and instinctively died away. She said it was the same as ever, but, while she said bo, felt the antagonism and the dislike fading out of her mind-why she did not know." From that t|me Bhe gave up the struggle. " She made up her mind to him as her son. She never thought more about his grandfather. Was this worldly-minded nesB, love of money on her part? It was impossible to think so, and yet what was it ? She did not herself understand, and who else could do so?" With bright, shrewd touches of observation the book ia full, and the in terest of the narrative is materially heightened by the gleanings of wisdom and experience of which it iB made the vehicle. 