The Execution of the Czar. The -Czar is -dead. Executed in the ■very presence «f those legions which con stituted the basis of his despotism. That (the man was executed who can doubt ? -All the world has known—he himself had 'been aware for overa year—that sentence •of death bad been pronounced against him. The sentence of a tribunal, irregu lar indeed in the eyes of formalists, but ■as competent to decide the life and death of a fellow man as any which ever assem bled in all the ^grimace of horsehair; a 'tribunal, also, whose right to act was 'founded on the same basis as that of all ■other teabuuala—the power to enforce its :.Bentencesl : -"Such power can only be de rived from a ■co-operation t)f people in linn agreement as to tiieir objects. 'Virtuous monarchs "have l»een assassinated \--ere' now, by the act -of some maniac or \- ruffian. But mo goiMess. ruler has ever . yet been pursued -with the persistent de termination and self-sacrificing zeal which dogged the Russian Despot, to his doom. A -well-governed nation, satisfied that the :principles of; justice predominate in all the acts and purposes of its rulers, cannot ^produce a body of malcontents so numer -ous as to be inseparable from the nation \- itself by any alchemy which the ingenuity -of a liorde of spieB can bring to bear." The enemies of Alexander II. and of Ms rule could be detected nowhere, amply be cause they were everywhere. The grave -gaped for the man, and hell yearned for ; him. A /million waiting ghosts of human beings sacrificed id glut' his ambition, and even to minister to fwa saaiifcy, clutched . at him as lie sat on his throne. Aamilion ' living spectres, groaning in the obseene gloom of Siberian' mines, or eating their riven hearts in Northern exile, cried aloud to Heaven and Earth for a sentence against the man who had immolated them that he might perserve his spurious pre eminence. A million of orphans and \- -widows dropped tears, every one of which burnt, like vitriol, an ineffaceable accusa tion against .this man, in the eternal records. Heaven and earth heard ' the' many-voiced appeal, and • read the tre mendous reckoning. The curse of Cain fell upon the .Despot, even amidst his utmost splendour. His hand had been against every man's. Every man's hand turned against him. He feared his people. He feared his servants. His generals terrified' him more than' "they intimidated the enemies of the nation. He had always distrusted, his brother. He now trembled .at his son. He sus pected hispolice. His life, became a burden to him. -This magnificent monarch .was crashed «o low that he lived in mortal terror of Ins cook! No one wonld have • conceived, a year or two back, that this head of the House of Romanoff regarded life as so precious a thing, or domestic ease as so valuable a possession. He had sacrificed, thousands of lives with a nod. That his arbitrary will might be undis puted, he had so ordered his. empire that np man.:sitting by Mb fireside to-night could tell that to-morrow night he might not be hurried through the snow to per petual punishment in the ^wilderness, never more to see the wife he loved, or kiss the babe he cherished. Born of a race of ruffians and harlots, cruelly and lust' were native in his blood, and a violent death his heritage. When the attempt to destroy him and his parasites In his palace occurred, a .German paper aptly said that to all appearance the well-known tfamily disease, .which killed .many a Russian Emperor, had broken out in a novel form, strangling being no longer compatible with the spirit of the times. Again we say-that his death was not an assassination. It was an execu tion—the execution of a murderer-"more deeply dyed than ever swung on a British gallows, of a criminal stained with atroci ties more numerous and awful than any man in a private station ever accom plished.' Since the attempt of Solovieff, that patriotic executionerrelect who staked his life in the due performance of the duty delegated to him, the Czar never appeared in . public except surrounded by armed .mercenaries. His very guards were not Russians, but Fins. . He was "skulking from the vengeance of his people. In alien hireling force was his only refuge. And even that failed Mm, as of. course it would. A determined people, so roused that one after another did not hesitate to venture their lives to attain their object, could not be baulked. But, erv the apologists of crime when the criminal is ' one in authority—and we have such apologists even in our duly papers—lie was amiable, he was liberal, lie was a re former. . An amiable Romanoff! Do figs grow upon thorns, and grapes on thistles 1 An amiable.scion of that family whose ex istence has been for over a century only maintained by a Beries of murders! The savage Peter, with his frame perpetually on the dance from' the effects'of poison, believed to have been administered by his loving sister Sophia (whom he imprisoned for life in a monastery when he got the upper, hand); the strangled Paul, idiot and martyr; the debauched Catherine; the lascivious Anne ; the gloomy Nicholas, about whose death there yet hangs . a mystery like a shroud. These are Alex ander's family. Nicholas was his father. His death is thus summarised:—A de feated army—a discontented people and ' court—a slight cold, developed with in credible rapidity — mysterious dispensa tion of Providence—a corpse lying in state, face covered up—rumblings of jdoubt through the Press of Germany and /Denmark—a Palace plot—brother against £S>r@ther—Long live. Alexander IL! But .Alexander emancipated the serfs. True, fchewac sagacious then, before pride had tutteriy blinded him, and he saw that the jpower iqf.tbe nobles threatened the ithrone, threatened him—and must be tbroken. The -serfdom of Russia disap peared. Russians axe sow only slaves to itheir Emperor. He freed the press. . Yes, and lied it up again tighter than ever. jHe was a good husband—yes, to his con.cn (binee. He had -excellent intentions— ttbey .will help to pave hell. -Bulletin. 