4 ' " " — jj General Jutelliflpce. I A writer in Truth savs : — I hear that the | i'tctor of a wi-il-known City church, who re- l wives nearly £1,000 a year, now lives alto- J;ether at the seaside, leaving the parish to be coked after and the services conducted by a j rnrm e at £120. This gentleman had quarrelled tvith the choir on a question of remuneration, so ; tile services are now liurried over without music, I sad the sermon has been discontinued. It seems | to me that an incumbent should not receive per petual leave of absence from his bishop without | some equitable arrangement concerning the in- j come of his cure, and especially in such a case j as this one. i The Bathurst Free Press relates that on Satnr- day last considerable alarm and consternation | were caused in the vicinity of Morrissett-street when it became kiioiVu shat several children \Vere seriously ill, manifesting. all the symptoms of lin\iiigbeen poisoned. Upon inquiry intci the cause, it was found that some children, named Hocking, had obtained a carrot, which had pre Vionsly been bought from a Chinamen, and they d'stributed the raw vegetable amoungst some of & their companions who were playing around, n They broke the carrot into several pieces, relain- Sm ing the thinner portion themselves. Shortly III affer the children had eateii their share they were ||| taken ill, and from the symptoms it was clear III that they had eaten something poisonous. The fUl parents of the children sent for medical assist- |g anbe, and Dr. Bassett was soon in attendance. 3|j It tvas some hours before the children recovered 111 from the effect of the poison. The doctor is of "ll rimninn that the noison was on the carrot, it Wi having btobably been used by the. Chinamen to p| destroy flip apiiia ; i| I\1oa Flat Station (according to the Tanpeka lfi Times) is at present the spene of unprecedented S®i slaughter of poor bunny. Mr. Kitching at pre- | sent employs 170 rabbiters in the work of exter- | mutation, and no less than 1000,000 rabbits suc- P'l cmnb every month to tlie tempting bait. As may Sri be imagined, this involves a large outlay of I, | money, and proves a heavy strain upon the rnn- li Ider. We are reliably informed that Mr. Kitching has already expended £4000 in the work ©f extermination, and his present monthly outlay cannot be set down at a fraction less than £1000. Hie rabbiters are paid 2d. a skin, and at this rate they earn from 10s. to £4 a week. Some of them cannot earn as much as keep them in tucker, while others make a good wage. The runholder undertakes to supply the rabbiters at various points on this ' immense estate of 150 000 freehold acres with phosphorised grnin (oats are ti6ed) at the rate of 10s. per lOOlbs. So thoroughly lias bunny taken possession of this run that Mr. Kitching is not now in a position to supply his own station hands with fat mutton, but has to purchase from the neighboring settlers. When Samuel J. Tidden is asked why he doesn't marry, he sends his interlocutor a marked copy of a newsp iper containing this paragraph ; ' Ex-Senator Chi istiancy's divorce suit cost him 24,000 dols. A gentleman named White, residing at Princegate, has proceeded against a jeweller in Oxford street to compel him to take hack a dia niond tiara and bracelet which were bought for lour thousand seven hundred pounds, on the understanding that they would, if the plantiif desired, be repurchased for two hundred pounds less than that amount at any time within two years. Mrs. White gave evidence as to the per suasion she brought to bear upon her husband to buy the jewels. Finding, however, they were too heavy for her, the lady requested the jeweller to take them back. It was stated that the value of the jewels had depreciated. The jury found for the plaintiff, and the defendant was ordered to pay four thousand five hundred pounds on restoration of the jewels, or eighteen hundred pounds damage if ihe plaintiff should have to keep the jewels. — Loudon Weekly Times. A remarkable exhibition of rifle shooting was given on July 24 at Woodward's Gardens, San Francisco, by Miss Lilian F. Smith, a little girl ten years of age, who, we believe, had never before appeared in public. Of fifty balls thrown in the air, but four were missed. Ten balls were broken in three minutes, the sights being taken by means of a hand-glass, the gun being thrown over the shoulder. Afterwards she broke ten balls in two minutes, the sights being covered by a large piece of card-board. As a© example of rapid firing, she broke ten balls in forty seconds. The Maitlaitd Mercury is responsiole for the following : — Our townsman, Mr- John Sawyer, is firmly convinced that some months since he was saved from a coming attack of sunstroke by using a lemon. When he was a young man in London, he witnessed a case in which two medical students, desiring to remove out of their way, in an hotel, a helplessly drunken man, brought him to his senses with the help of- a lemon. The man was lying on the floor, and could be pushed about without showing any signs of consciousness. Obtauiug a lemon, and culling it in half, the young men lifted him by tin sh ulders, and then rubbed the lemon (cut portion) up and down briskly, behind eacli ear. After a little time the man recovered enough to swear at them, and stagger away fiom his inn homewaids. Smne months since Mr. Sawyer was engaged looking after a building being erected, when be noticed that the sun was very hot, and soon he nearly fell down. Dreading a sunstroke,' lie staggered into the bouse, and found a lemon he had seen there, which lie cut in two, and set to work rubbing himself up and down behind each ear, as he remembered seeing the medical students do. In a very short time all the distressing giddiness left him and he re covered entirely, If a brain trouble can be lessened by using a lemon in this way.it is a very easy and simple plan, and can at all events do no barm. "Papa," said an inquisitive boy, " this morn ing the dominie prayed fur more rain, and this afternoon Deacon Bixby prayed for dry weather to get bis hay in. Now, if the Lord loves the deacon and the dominie just the same, what do vou suppose He'll do about it?" " My son." answered the old gentleman, sternly, " whenever f/in u'flnf tr\ »ul rr.olio!. onAefL.nn ........ » ui a ivuiiou. tjunotnaia id yijut mother ; don't come to me." — Brooklin Eagle. Next time you shiver at having a tooth pulled think of Joseph Brooks, of Colorado. He lay still and let a bear chaw his arm off, and thereby saved the rest of his body. Come to read the item over again, it was a wooden arm, but Joseph wasn't to blaine for that. An Erie young man has been turned out of church for dancing. He now wishes he had gone to a Sunday -school picnic and hugged and kissed the girls in the religious game of Copenhagen and thus retained his standing in the church. The Locomotive publishes engravings in each issue, showing how boilers look just after they have exploded. This doesn't seem to hit the case at all. What is needed is a picture show ing now the boiler looks just before it is going to explode. We could then learn when to get out of the way. An American circus manager recently went fishing in a certain brook, and found that there was not a fish in it. The next day' '-he heard a poor young man declare that lie had lately landed two hundred and ninety-one trout from that brook in three hours. The circus manager at ence saw the worth of the lad, and hired him at40dol. a week to write bills advertising his circus. During the voyage of the immigrant ship Nineveh, from England to Sydney, the dull routine of events was relieved to some extent by jokes more or less serious, practiced by to ne of the young fi male immigrants on each Cither. In one case the result turned out very serious in deed. Duriug the qu;et hours of the night one wrapped up in a white sheet, passed from one bunk to another, and roused the sleeping inmates by pretending to be a ghost. The sliosk in one instance was so severe that the poor girl lost er reason, and is now in the GlaJsville Asy lum : Mii. J. Shepherd, of the Mountain.Litlle Forest (says the' Ulladulla and Milton Tims), killed a cow la6t week, and .when opened he found to his astonishment no less than seventy-six pounds weight of quartz stones in her. Mr. Nathan Claydon informs us that it is no uncom mon thing for cows or bullocks that are turned out on to the table land at the lop of the Moun tain to swallow large quantities of stones. He lias himself two or three cows that are, he is sure, suffering in the same way; As soon 'as a beast takes to this strange habit it loses flesh, and is no longer aiiy good as a milker. Some of our readers may probably account fortius strange habit. The impression produced on tlie superstitious minds of the Russian people by the execution of political offenders ill the cspital and in other towns of Russia within the last two years has been of a nature to engage the serious attention of the authorities. A Russian, on passing a funeral in the streets, always devoutly makes the sign of the cross and utters a prayer that the departed soul may rest in heaven. Siini- lailj'j as the political prisoners were driven slowly through the streets to the place of exe cution, the simple minded peasants offered up the same prayer, notwithstanding that the men soon to die were assassins of their Czar. More over, ihe authorities have come to the conclu sion that public executions should be abandoned, on the ground that the stoicism displayed by the condemned in almost every case transformed them into martyrs in the eyes of their comrades, and instead of the public ceremonial serving as a deterrent, it incites them to emulate their deeds. Owing to these facts, a definite decision HnufitnMAii lit tlm Tv.itinavni lino Lnon n n .-I n t uuiiiiiiiicu AJuipviui) IIUO uucit uiicoicw at| according to which all executions will in future \- take plucu wi chin the prison walls, and in the presence of competent authorities. A deputa tion of ten citizens may attend the execution, but the absence of these is not to interfere with the due execution of the sentence. A strange curiosity was exhibited at Cooma last week, This was a twin male Iamb, with eight legs, one head, and two necks uuder the same skin. It had two sets of intestines, hnt only one heart. The ' other twin died. The. mother was a four-old merino, owned by Mr S. M 'Donald, J. P., of Lake View. The Braidwood Dispatch sensibly remarks that now that the Government are giving gra tuities, for the production of scalps of marsu pials, native dogs, and other destructive animale, it might not be out of place if a reward were given for every snake skin. Such a plan would in a short time have the effect of reducing the number of these deadly reptiles. The shipment of meat per Orient comprised 3171 carcases of sheep and 72 quarters of beef sent from Sydney and Melbourne. The mutton realised an average price of per lb., an amount equal to that realised by the first shipment by the Protos. A Norwegian schooner, when entering the harbour of Elsinore, a seaport of Denmark, situ ated at the narrowest part of the Sound, and 24 miles from Copenhagen, came into collision with a steamer. . The vessel was cut to the water's edge, and foundered, every soul on board being drowned. Sir Bryan O'Loghlen's statements as to the condition and requirements of the IIobson'sBay railway system, startled the House (says the Argus). Between £500,000 and £600,000 will be necessary to replace that system in a thor oughly sound stale, a large portion of which will be spent in improvements. The bridge over the Yarraat Flinders-street will cost over £54,000. The wheels on all the vehicles have been condemned by the locomotive superin tendent, and must be replaced by new wheels fitted with tires, in the same manner as on the main lines of railway. Out of £278,000 to be spent at once — under the temporary loan bill — on the equipment of the railways, one half will be devoted to the Hobson's Bay sys tem. A European dentist has been paid 100 ducats for yanking out a tooth for the Shah. The work was done in the presence of the entire court, and fli oir la honi lnti AT nioof it Ii/Mirl Imt liA managed to hold in. A young man of nineteen and a young girl of sixteen, arm in arm, jumped from the seventh storey of an old palace in Naples, to commit suicide. The young man was killed, and the young gill lit upon lmr feet. They were lovers. An elegant watch and chain was recently pre sented, together with a purse of gofd to Major Walter Wingfield, the inventor of the game of lawn tennis, in England. "Atlas" in the World writes : — I have seen and handled one of the now notorious infernal machines, and a very ugly machine it is. Its aspect is not unlike that of a square coffee- canister, or a tin of preserved meal. The case is of some preparation of zinc hammered. Un til the lid is removed the devilish tiling seems as innocent as any article from a grocer s or oil man's shop. Even on a closer inspection the machine might be taken for a roughly-fashioned clock, for these American affairs are nothing wonderful in the way of workmanship. They have been made by contract, and have none of the nicety and finish of Thotnas6en's, which exploded at Bremerhaven. All the works are in full view at the top ; the dynamite or nitro- lignine material is hidded below in several cylinders. A very simple contrivance has been adopted to explode the charge at a given time. A flat disc slowly revolves by the action of the clock-work until a blot in the disc comes oppo site a lever or handle in connection with it. The slot releases the lever ; the latter in its turn re leases a spring, and a small hammer falls upon detonating cap — after which the deluge. . v The Adelaide Cricket Association propose to erect a pavilion at a cost of £1500. In a small church at a village near Brighton , England, where the congregation could not offord to pay an organist, they bought a self-acting organ, a coinpast instrument, well suited to the purpose, and constructed to play forty different tunes. The sexton had instructions how to set it going and how to stop it ; but, unfortunately, he forgot the latter part of his business, and after singing the first four verses of the hymn previous to the sermon, the organ could not be stopped, and it continued playing two verses more. Then, just as the clergyman complented the words, " Let us pray," when click went the organ again, and started off another tune. The sexton and others continued their exertions to find out the spring, but no one could put a stop to it ; so they got four of the stoutest men in the church to shoulder the perverse instrument, and thej' carried it down the centre aisle of the church, playing away, into the churchyard, where it continued clicking and playing away until the whole forty tunes were finished. We (Times of India) have received from the publishers a copy of an extraordinary pamphlet, printed a t T re v a n d r u m , t he principal obiectof which is to show by " fulfilment of certain preclicHon." that the second advent of our Lord will take place in tlie present grace. Another avowed object of the pamphlet is to exhibit what is called ' the case of the Man of Sin that that has risen among the Syrian Christians of Northern Travancore." The individual politely denominated the Man of Sin is a Brahmin convert, named Justus Joseph, and a leader among the Syrian Christians, aforementioned. The pamphlet states. that this Justus Joseph "trust ing the words of a mail that pass ed for a prophet published that darkness was to come over all the world for three days." This was certainly a large order, and it is not surprising.. therefore to read that the uoufulfilment of the prophecy disorganised tlie church — the fame of which it appears had reached England and many other countries — that same event apostatised from faith in Christ and that of his coming in the year 1881. Subsequently it is alleged that Justus " deviated from the holy pre cepts and ordinances of the Bible, altered the Lord's Prayer, tlie Ten Commandments," and did many other things which were set out of length. But perhaps Justus Joseph would say that in altering the Lord's Prayer and ten commandments, he was only following tlie example of the Bishop af Glouces ter and. Bristol and the other learned men who have been so long engaged in revising the Bible. 1 The Berrima Coal Company are making-rapid progress with their railway line, which is completed as far as Berrima; Miss Ferguson, of Gooriri, Qoeeusland, is said to have tamed a large cockroach, which performs numerous curious feats, including the manipulation of a small toy drum, with which tlie insect keeps time to Miss Ferguson on the piano. The Hotliain (Vic.) Cricket Ciub are in. a pretty fix, says the Melbourne Herald. Some time ago they engaged a caretaker with scien tific attainments' in agriculture to raise a turf for the approaching season. A mixture of English grab's was given to Iiiin- for the pur pose of sowing. He laid the small parcel of seeds 'with others aside, and subsequently, as. he. thought," put the grains properly, in the ground. Tlie anxious members of the club paid daily visit to see the improvement in its growth, but after a few -weeks' lime were surprised to find that, instead of grass they had a field of turnips. A meeting was held, tlie caretaker called forward, and asked Jor an ex planation. He could give none oilier "than that he had made a mistake. The turnips have been uprooted, but the ground, is in a very rough, state, and club have pecuniarily suf fered through the mistake. Under the heading of " Feline Endurance," the Cootamundra Herald says : — On .Wednesday last Mr. David Hughes removed some cases of. furniture from the railway, goodslied to bis new premises, and on unpacking one of them he discovered a live cat in it. The case in ques tion was packed in Sydney about a fort night ago, but whether the cat was packed.iip accidentally or wilfully, there was, of coarse, no means of ascertaining. It was in a. very famished coniiitian, ar.d if intentionally imi-. niure<l it is apity "punishment could not be" meted out to the party guilty of such an-iu- human act. The Americans owe the world a little attention to the doings of - the Mormons, who still find victims in England and on tlie continent. Eight hundred converts to Mormonism landed at-New York the other day. As long as 1856 the Republican party denounced this blot upon civilization. A law was passed in 1862 pro viding for the punishment, by fine and im prisonment, of any man or woman having a husband or wife living who shall marry an other in any territory of the United State. This law was intended to reach the polygam- ists of Utah, but it has never been enforced. The Republican party have constantly prom ised that it will crush out polygamy, but it has never attempted it. Mormonism continues to flourish. The " Saints who go abroad, pick up the most ignorant people they can find, and by rose-coloured pictures of the "Promised Land" get them to settle in Utah. The poor women who are inveigled over are deceived as to the polygamy part of tlie religion, and it is onh when it is too late that they discover the fraud which has been perpetrated upon them. The Rev. Father Ilennerhery, in a discourse in Creswick, Victoria, gave the following origin of dancing : " When the devil was cast out of heaven he was, as all angles are, barefooted (bad news this for tlie shoemakers, adds the rev. gen tleman). Being dropped right down into hell, on reaching the red hot paving stones they were a trifle too warm for his feel, and he commenced to hop and skip about, and 'dance like the devil' (an expression you often hear), and from that time up to the present his imps followed suit, and they have done nothing else but dance jigs, polkas ane quadrilles ever since." 