THEATRICAL GOSSIP. Mr. William Bignold is to appear as Michael Strogoff at Booth's Theatre, New fork. Some idea oi the magnitude of this spectacle may be derived from the fact that in one scene there will be no fewer than 280 people on the stage, together with the monnted band of the Buasian Imperial Guard. The following amusing anecdote is told in the Era in an article on "Stage Waits":—"But a greater misfortune happened to a tragedian, who, although be is old enough to have been a sup port to Macready, is still in the prime of life, and in the full enjoyment of his histrionic power. He was acting Hamlet in a theatre in Yorkshire when the Ghost did not walk. We do not mean the symbolio personage who is sup posed to make his round every Saturday morn ing, but that supernatural individual to see whom Horatio and Marcellus bad brought the Prince out into the nipping and eager air. It is quite probable that the Ghost was partial to spirits, and perhaps the nipping quality of the air had been a little BUggestive. At any rate the Ghost did not, on the night in question, walk with the usual punctuality that became a spirit who had had the benefit of so muoh prac tice. iHoratio had said, 'Loek, my lord, it comes!' the orchestra, with a melodramatic effeot, had commenced eight bars of tremolo on the violins, Marcellas and his friend had pointed off with becoming terror, and Hamlet's face had assumed the doe solemnity and awe fitting the occasion; but no Ghost appeared; the leader oraned over his desk, while the fiddlers indulged ' in an additional outbreak of musical shivers, to look at the wing to see what that fool of a Ghost was doing, but to no effect. On shud dered the musie, and the betting is that it was the melody from " The Corsican Brothers" that bad been arranged for the purpose; Hamlet gave another start and pointed, Marcellus and Hora tio's eyes turned in the direction indicated, whilst whispers were thrown at the prompter abont the Gliost, neither flattering to the gen tleman at the wing nor to the gentleman who onght to have been upon the stage. At last the bright idea Btruck the impersonator of Hamlet that he wonld imagine the presence of the super natural personage, and, looking at the very centre of the stage, began, ' Angels and minis ters of grace, defend us.' Marcellus and Ho ratio, both shrinking from nobody with every possible token of fear in their faces, looked as solemn as became them, so as not to outdo the star, and stared with unwearying gaze at the vacuum indicated by the Prince. All might have gone well, when, just as Marcellus was saying— Look, with what courteous action It wafts you to a more removed ground, the Ghost rushed upon the stage right at the hack of the three speakers, with his helmet shoved to the book of Ms head, and his face as red as a beetroot. We can imagine the shout that hailed this gentleman's appearance, and may well believe that the rest of the apparition scenes were hatdly received with that reveren tial dread which may be considered as the due of a personage with such solemn and alarming associations. It was the most irritating Ghost that ever was allowed to walk, and it is to be hoped that he at least had no companion on Saturday." The Kew York correspondent of the Era writes:—"As you probably know,Mr. Morse took Tom Robertson's comedy of 'School,'and,strip ping it of its clever dialogue, really prodnced it to the lines of the original German Aschen brocitl, and proceeded to invest this skeleton of plot end character with a new dress of dialogue and song, and to compose for it a great deal of original music. It is trne that the music is reminiscent of familiar airs, and that the local gags are not altogether of the highest order of pure wit; but still the result is that the comedy, or vaudeville, or operetta, or whatever you may choose to call it, is so bright and clever in its handling—so daintily touched and gracefully conceived—that it deserves its popularity. In addition to this, Mr. Daly, who is an excellent stage manager, has placed the work upon the stage even better the second than he did the first time. The school girls are selected with such judgment and trained with such care that they contribute in no small degree to the suc cess of the work. Miss Ada Behap, Miss Iaura Joyce, and Miss May Fielding, who sustain the principal female riles, are all pretty women, and the two last-named sing very nicely. To return to' Cinderella at School,' it is a charming enter tainment, and, if it were properly localized as to names and the like, wonld, I am very ante, prove a very great popular success in landon. This wonld be the work of bnt few hours for any literary farceur, the change of the boat from Colombia v. Harvard to Oxford against Cam bridge being the most noticeable of the needed alterations. This race is shown by a clever moving panorama, and, ending with the chorus of pretty girls in summer gowns and the crews and other men in flannels Binging ' Columbia wins the raco to-day,' is 'quite too charmiug. 