Flotsam and Jetsam. A Haunted Hamlet. THE EXTRAORDINARY EXPERIENCE OF A STROLLING ENGLISH PLAYER. I WAS the leading man. We had been "barn storming" through the provinces for some months, and the season was drawing to a close. So, too, was the time for a certain note I had drawn when the season began. Not having money enough to purchase my stage dresses, I had borrowed from a London Shylock, telling him that as leading man my salary was princely. My bill was already overdue, when, by some un lucky chance, my sharp creditor heard of the smallneu of my Balary. He wrote fiercely to demand the amount of the bill I had given him, or threatened immediate proceedings. I put him off as well as I could, hoping for something to turn up that might enable me to satisfy his demands. Three nights before we closed my benefit was to come off. I had put up " Hamlet" and " The Road to Ruin." My announcing the former of theseinuch annoyed the manager, who had not sufficient confidence in my experience to trust me with the Danish Prince, but he at last gave waj. Perhaps his compliance was the more easily obtained through the influence of his daughter Amy, who was to play Ophelia, In the early part of the season we had contracted an alliance, not only offensive and defensive, but also amatory, and with connubial eventualities. The slightest hindrance to the eventualities was the extreme smallness of my salary and the utter nothingness of Amy's. Her father put her down at» high figure in the treasury books, but scrupu lously drew the money himself. Well, every bill- board bore the announcement, in bills half a yard in length : " Hamlet, Prince of Denmark, by Mr. Arthur Stanley ; Ophelia, by Miss Amy St. John ; for rest of characters Me small bills." Things went well. Every aeat in the boxes was let, and the tickets for pit and gallery had gone off so well that less than the average amount taken at the doors would over flow the house. The old church clock tolling the important Your of six warned me to hurry from my lodgings to that temple of fame in whioh I fondly hoped I had secured a niche for myself. As I walked along I began to taste the pleasure of celebrity. Shopmen nudged each other aa I passed. A couple of young ladies, whose profession appeared to be "millinery," looked at me from under their bonnets, and then repeated my name in a whisper loud enough for me to hear half-a-dozen jarda from them. "Thia is indeed renown," I muttered ; "what matters it that my salary is small, when my fame is becoming so great V As I said the words, I felt a hand upon my shoulder, and turned, with the glow of exultation still suffusing my cheek. "Mr. Arthur Stanley, I believe, air," said the accoster. " That is my name," I replied, trying to hurry on. "Excuse me, air, then," returned the man, " but you must come with me. At the suit of Moses Cohen, for twenty-five pun ten, and costs." He handed me a small slip of paper—l dare say you can guess its contents—and took me by the arm. "This is most unfortunate," I said; "had it been but one night later I should not have minded." " Case of ' hook it,' I suppose," said the man. " On the contrary, I should have been able to have discharged the amount. I suppose you couldn't put off the arrest till after business this evening ?" "Not on any account," replied my captor, and I saw that he quite meant what he said. This, then, was the end of my ambitious aspira tions. Instead of the glare of the footlights and the plaudits of an audience, I was to have tbe darkness and stillness of a gaol! I folded my arms in despair, and defied my fate. " Let us go," I said, " for to- night was ap pointed for my benefit; but no matter. ' Den mark's a prison—a goodly one, in which there are many confines, wards, and dungeons 1' Lead on." As I turned to accompany the bailiff's man, a messenger from th« theatre accosted me. " Oh, Mr. Stanley," the man said, " I am Rent to tell you that we've no ghost } Figgins has just oome in awfully drunk." I was about to answer him, when my captor interrupted me, askiDg me if I had put up " Hamlet" Upon my replying in the affirmative, he said he thought he could help me. He had been a member of an amateur theatrical club, and the ghost of Hamlet's father had been one of hia moat successful attempts. If I liked he would auatain the part on this occasion, and, thus keep ing hia eye upon me, would postpone my arrest until after the performance. I saw that vanity instigated the offer, but, as drowning men clutch at straws, I accepted tbe proposal, and hurried off to the theatre with all speed, accompanied by my obliging Nemesis. In the difficulty the manager consented to my supposed friend's offer, and, a few hints sufficing to take the placo of rehearsal, half an hour before the curtain was to rise saw the bailiff's man donning the armour of the inebriated Figgins. Up went the curtain, to a house crowded to the ceiling. The tragedy commenced with every promise of success, my reception was most flat tering, and the applause which greeted my points almost made me forget the presence of my cus todian, who watched me with ever-vigilant eyes from the wing. I was naturally apprehensive of the mannerin which the ghost would be rendered, but the interview with my father's shade was as satisfactory as it would have been had Figgins himself embodied the spirit, although it must be admitted that spirits were peculiarly in his line. As the words," Adieu, adieu I Hamlet, remem ber me," were uttered, generous applause re warded the exertions of the stage-struck bailiff. With a sigh of relief, I was about to apostrophise heaven, earth, and the other place, when, turn ing, I saw my father's spirit still upon the stage. " Leave the stage," I whispered, supposing that my friend had forgotten his exit. To my horror the ghost replied, with an oath, not loud but deep, that he would see me d d first. It was in vain that I reiterated my direc tions ; the ghost would not give up. And, feel ing that the situation was critical, I went on with my part, and strove with extra vehemence to carry the audience with me, so that they might overlook the presence of the implacable shade. Either the audience were not at home with the text, or looked upon the ghost's re maining as a new reading, for they gave no sign of disapproval. When Horatio and Marcellus came on, however, their wonder almost brought on the catastrophe, but I urged them to go on, and the act drew to a conclusion, with the novelty of the ghost speaking his injunction over my left shoulder. The drop down, I showered expostulations on my persecuting father's head, but he turned a deaf ear to them all. " I'll tell you what it is, guv'ner," he said ; " I ain't wishing to be at all annoyin' or ungentle manly to you, but I had to arrest a gent in your profession once, and obliged him by waiting until the performance was over, when blowed if he wasn't shabby enough to get taken down a trap at the end, and bolt. I thought of that while I was on the stage just now with you, and, if I leave you again, my mother was a Frenchman." Without going into the question of his parentage, I promised to surrender myself at the end of the evening, but it was to no purpose, he was obsti nate. In the absence of the manager, who had been luckily called away, I confessed my dilemma to the prompter, and he, influenced by good feel ing, and the promise of a present on the morrow, consented to allow the tragedy to go on, in spite of my beiag perpetually haunted. In a few minutes the tale was in every dressing-room, and the company choking with laughter ; but, as it was not an affair of theirs, they did not offer any objection to the constant interpolation of my father's accursed spirit. Polonius's interview waa shadowed by his presence, and, although the ancient chamberlain took his leave, the substitute of Figgins remained a fixture. Plagued by Rosencrantz and Ouilden stem, I was still more bored by the abominable shade ; he intruded upon my interview with Ophelia, listened to the scolding I gave the queen, and looked on while I stabbed Polonius. I felt like a man who on the steps of the gallows receives a reprieve. Alas ! my head waa not out of the noose yet. As I was standing at the wing, in readiness for my entrance for the fifth act, I noticed the manager looking on from tbe other side. I shuddered. I knew his violence and tyranny, and I trembled at his rage should he stay there to witness the ghost's unusual presence. I apoke to the bailiffs man ; I implored him to leave me for the rest of the tragedy ; I promised him money, anything he should demand, but it waa in vain. My anxiety to be away from him only confirmed him in his suspicions that I wanted to use the opportunity to escape. Despair made me desperate. I called a scene shifter, and, while I pointed to one of the fly pieces, as if it was of that I was speaking, I whispered words of very different import in his ear. The man nodded and hurried away, while I, to keep up appearances, again begged the ghost to remain invisible—of course without making any impression upon his obstinate nature. In a minute the scene-shifter returned. "It's all right, sir," he said. "It will be arranged directly." A glance thanked him. " If you still persist in being at my elbow," I said to my ghost, " I must trouble you to shift your quarters, as I enter at the back of the scene." He accompanied me aB requested, followed by the Bcene-shifter, and as we stopped I heard the cue given for my entrance. I turned to my ally, who stamped sharply on the stage, and, a knock underneath replying to bis Bignal, he seized the ghost, as the trap upon which they stood opened, and in a moment they were both hidden from my sight. The bailiffs man knew enough of stage mechanism not to venture upon a struggle while descending a trap, and, although be gave me a parting look of reproach and anger, he knew that he was unable to oppose his fate. Thus relieved in mind, I hurried on for the grave scene with a lightened spirit, and every thing went well accordingly. My quips with the grave-digger, my Yorick Bpeech, " Imperial Cieaar, dead and turned to clay," all brought a torrent of applause, and when I leapt into the grave the whole house was enthusiastic. I had just said to Laertes, " I prithee take thy fingers from my throat," when I felt other hands, besides those of Ophelia's brother, assail ing me. I knew too well who grappled me; and, assured that the time for expostulation was gone, I prepared for a short struggle to get rid of the ((host, at any rato for that scene. At the same moment I heard the deep tones of the manager, but in the confusion I could not understand what he said. I had not long to wait, however, before I saw the execution of his orders. The first grave-digger, advancing from the back of tbe scene, seined the ghost by the arms, and, giving him a preparatory swing, slung him on his shoulders and walked off the stage with him. The violence of the motion had loosened the fastenings of the helmet, and the final jerk shook it from the bailiff's head, displaying a vast quantity of unkempt carroty hair. The house waa in a roar, and when, amid the din, the aDS ry ghost was heard threatening in language far from Shaksperean, and certainly not polite, the audience seemed a congregation of lunatics. I jumped from the grave, but Boon auoh a storm of laughter hailed me that, with one look of terror at the audience, I rushed off the stage as I heard the manager's indignant ordera for the prompter to "ring down." I did not dare to ask the manager to renew for next season. I knew it would be hopeless. I lost no time in writing for engagements else* where, but I met with constant rebuff*. One manager declined negotiation, "as he did uot keep a bailiff's man in the theatre." Hatters at last became serious ; the funds remaining from my benefit were gone. A vaoancy for a clown occurred. I replied as Siguor Antonio, obtained the engagement, and, six montha after I had played IlamUt for my benefit, I went on as a clown in a pantomime. "To what base uses we may return, Horatio I"— Anon. 