A FOOLISH FREAK. D rKTVG the voyage of tho immigrant ship Nineveh one of the female passengers died, and for some time afterwards an alarm was nightly occasioned by a sup posed ghostly visitant, which kept its vigils in the onigje giriB compartment oi tne snip. J he spectre was that of a female form robed in apparel similar to that worn by the deceased in life, and the white faec and thin hands of the apparition heightened the fears of the girls that it came from the unBeen world. The ghost would make its appearance at 3 o'clock in the morning, and glide right round the berths, touching the faces of the awakened sleepers, who were too paralysed with fear to call out or seize the figure, which, however, always seemed to have too much resemblance to cor poreal proportions to be a spirit of health or goblin damned. At last the general terror became so much Increased that a number of the girls were too much afraid to go to bed, aud one night kept watch in com- pany nntu the ghont appeared as usual. A rush was mad to capture it, but in the confusion the female who hod so long played her cruel practical joke in this guise, escaped to her berth, and when a search was mode, positive prttof of her identity was wanting. There was, however, sufficient circumstantial e/idenee to cause the suspected person to be placed under surveillance for the remainder of the voyage, and after this, it is needless to say, the ghost was seen no more. A few days after wards, however, another of the female immigrants developed symptoms of insanity, and her incoherent exclamations snowed that the fright concerning the alleged spectral appearances had preyed greatly upon, and perhaps unhinged, hermiud. On the arrival ot the Nineveh at Sydnoy the unfortunate young woman was removed to Gladesville, where Bhe is said to have be come so ill that her lifo is in danger. An inquiry into the hoax perpetrated on the voyage was made At the Immigration Office, where official reticence is maintained ; but from what we have been able to glean from outside souroes it was found impossible to sheet home the reprehensible practices described to the sup posed culprit, so that it is difficult to see that anything further can be done in the matter. The Melbourne Cricket Club is so preposterous that it has adopted a rule limiting the number tf subscribing members to 1500. 