OUR VICTORIAN LETTER. [From our own Correspondent.] Melbourne. August 20. "Call no man happy until he is dead." Sir Bryan O'Loghlen, however, whether happy or not, is at present basking in the tun of such prosperity as is commonly sup- posed to confer happiness. Hith rto, whatever Email personal or internal diffi cultiee have come in his path, he has to all outside seeming had everything his own way. Successful in ousting those who contemned and hated him; sent fox by His Excellency; returned by his constituency in the face of an organised and virulent operation; carrying every colleague into office with him, excepting the one whose presence would have been a national offence, and a standing cause of war; clearing one by one the somewhat formidable obstacles that besei bis tn tx&uce; to power; applauded for his success, apart altogether from the ques tion of hM merits; and double-banked within the entrenchments of office by the friendships of those who support him, and by the antagonistic jealousies of the only two parties in the House—neither of which is directly represented in the Government; he must feel that, whatever the measure of his achievement, his greatness has in no email part been thrust upon him, and that fce.2B an exceptionally lucky personage.. The Ministry are, to all intents sod purposes, a scratch team, and some of them may be add to be muffs. The Premier's political experience is not very extensive, and during the brief period that he held the chief petition in the Cabinet, while Mr. Barry was away on the notorious Embassy, he did some dungs which were bo exquisitely aim pie that they were in the highest degree racy of the soil from which he sprung. Mr. Cast, the Minister of Education, and the veteran pre- eminently of the lot, is, well— not exactly a diserple-of that estimable and zealous propagandist Mr. Bfathew Burnett. Xhat is his weakness, and it is the more emphatically to be noted, because other ?wite he is understood to be an honest, amiable, and estimable man. The hon. Dr. L. Ih Smith is, cut generis, "Konebot himself can be his parallel." Be, his cenecioti? shirt-front, and his hoy deofch, loo?e-hHng>and strident voice are the eejne; they belong to the one indivi sible entity, and Oat entity is "th? doctor," He is quite a wonderful person in his way—a man with -a history. It is avid that flaydon, who might save become my celebrated as a paster, committed saksde in bis early manhood out of sheer desperation at the spectacle of s brainless KOfletrasrty *'W General Tom Thnmh making hie t*nwi—^? sterling in a week, while he, the painter and genim, had to toil in comparative obscurity and poverty at hia glorious work^ If every supe rior genius in 'Victoria who has felt his?Eelf by comparison cheated and wtenged by tie facility with which the" doctor has both earned money and spent it, had committed suicide in dis gust, there would have *een an enormous rnrrWr of gikMw indeed.. Hie more faa tidiooe -brethren in ihe profession call him a^hariatan, tnt: the-doctor says that is be came beats the courage to advertise and the lock to make money,lry which he leaves tfcemin toe lurch. Having a pachydezma tecs akin Jib not only wins, but langhs also, in apite of the covert attempts which are mdc from time to time to send him to Coventry. He is active, plucky, ambitions, imeerupnlou?, and.tor some purposes free witfehumo?ey. If he is ever to be of any ista to hia eoUeagaes it will be only by lMmgatcfial? to be ornamental is entirely out of Mb power. I should think there raer were ao many colts in ?ny Ministry fanned withm thn memory of man. Graves, BaUon, Young, Bmrowea,.Madden, and JL. I*. Sm&B.ar;&all; MmisteH for the first time. The debating power amo?gat them is very foefete. Dr. X. JU Smith has a wide mouth which faeTJpBPB to th? titmort of its generoua capacity, hot [mere sound does not carry conviction, on ft *f^Hfnp, and hardly tfaare is these days. Sir Bryan O'Loghlen makes bain every now and afnin; Mr. Grant talks good venae, and to the point, but (mumbles on like one afraid to open hia mouth. If he and die doctor could but be compounded, and the two re made out of the compound with dfecrimi zaticn, it might be to the advantage of both. Bent knows how t? keep his feet, bathe is so very outspoken that lie makes this stand for all the graces and virtues at ?nee, and does not attempt to be neat He can-cay what he be* to say and have done with it when that is ell that is required, Intt he stumbles at argument, and anything l%e an involved statement leaves him ana Mb auditory alike in a f ojr. He shines in 3Bterjectioiie.B?d-ia that delicate andattic- EeaEosed repartee which is of the tv quoque order; but be does sot at all consult his reparation when heistempted to go beyond that. Mr.-Burroweahas been in the House about fifteen years, and like the shrewd man that he if, has not;aUempted.to speak as many times during the whole of that period. His flashes of eilence are so protracted, thatinthisjceenectbe stands almost if not quite alone in the Home. His two main points are his strong common-sense, and his evident knowledge that while speech may be silvern, silence is certainty golden. Gaun eon would have been anywhere but eating duet to-day, if he had only half the sense of tbe new Minister of Mines in this respect. 3 here are come notable debaters who are enlisted on their behalf, so long as they walk straight, but amongst the Ministry themselves there is not a single good orator. Of Mr. Bnrrowes and Mr Young, it may be said— not meaning that they are devoid of theeommo?facility of speech—that they can not eneak at all. In spite of all thir, however, they will he tolerated-and even suppsrted, co long as they confine themselves to the hosest administration of their severaloffices; and they are not the least bit likely to have recourse to sensational and heroic measures. Tbe colony has had so much of that sort of fooling that it in played oat for a decade at least. Mr. Bent was asked the other day by an inquisitive and uneasy protectionist, "Are yon not a freetrader ? fi To which he replied, "I am for peace, progress, and pros perity." Bnbaequenfly he was asked by a fmtnder, " Axe you a protectionist ?" and his reply still was, "I am for peace, pro fxeES, and prosperity." Our political creeds are in abeyance for a while, and a trace is called to the wild fighte which we have indulged mover abstractions. At tiiis every one rejoices except a few professional poli ticians and inveterate grievance mongers. "ptiA unlooked-for of Judge Stephen has produced a-very widespread feeling of regret and sorrow. He was an estimable jsan, and an able and a highly conscien tious judge. He has left his mark on society, and bequeathed to it a good and praiseworthy memory. As a private citizen bis life was without stain, as a politician he was honest, straightforward, and hard work ing, and daring bis brief active service as judge of th^Bspreme Court he has amply vindicated the choice of those who appointed him, and done bis part well to sustain tie high reputation of the bench in this colony. Bis political career was com paratively short, but he signalised it by elaborating and passing into law the Educa tion Act. During the time he held office he was both Attorney-General and Minister of Justice, and no man could well work harder than he in this double capacity. Old Sir iteorge Stephen, bis father, disapproved of bis work is one particular bo utterly that he openly refused to vote for a candidate, whose general principles he approved of, on the avowed ground that " You are in favor of my son's Godless measure, I'm told, and I won't vote for you." Bat the coa ?hhiB of opinion on the question of the utility of the Education Act runs directly contrary to the worthy old gentle man's judgment, and there are many who think that Mr. Wilberforce Stephen's life would not have been without either service or renown if he had done nothing more than t atahliah the State ivtnr^'m of the country on a non- sectarian basis. Mr. Stephen conies of very good blood. Both his father ?nd grandfathnrwew active participators in the great astional movement which alti mately wiped out the fool blot of slavery Stem At iair escutcheon of Great Britain. Sir George, the father, was the solicitor ' who was employed to prepare the case on the side of Queen Caroline in that great trial in which tbe " first gentleman of Europe"' tried to deprive his wife both of her character and her lights; and for this, or some other service rendered to the party that espoused the cause of the traduced and injured queen, he was knighted. He wa& related aUoto Leelie Stephen, the eloqueutard philosophic, but slightly scep tical, writer, whose works are not un liiely to take their place amongst the classics of the English tongue; to Sir Alfred ' Stephen, the Chief Justice of New South Wales, and to Mr. George Milner Stephen, once Acting-Governor of South Australia, and now a peripatetic medical thaumatur giet, whose partial asd illusory cures are I caused by the evanescent and misleading effect of mesmeric influence. There are those who cay that this gentleman is not a true Stephen; that hsU a charlatan, and has been a bit of a mountebank all his life. However that may be, it is certain that nothing was farther than charlatanrie from the character of his deceased relative of the Victorian bench, of regretted and honored memory. The vacancy in the Supreme Court has been quickly tilled up, as was necessary; and filled to the satisfaction of all classes. Mr. Holroyd, as equity barrister, has stood .for some time at the head of that branch of the profession in the colony. He is & keen and painstaking lawyer, and a msst able pleader. His general character, too, is yTiimpan/'ihAhlpj and he stands well with the profession. There were those who, knowing Sir Bryan's predeliction for a seat on the bench, thought that he might avail himself of Ms right, and leave the turbulent arena of politics toother competitors; but he has been better advised, and conse quently receives a good deal of kudos in Eome quarters for the readiness of bis self abnegation and the promptitude and judg ment with which the judicial vacancy has been filled. So that the present \goii fortune of Sir Bryan has followed him in this also. The case of the Rey. Charles Strong is attracting some attention outside of church circles, as well as within. About six years ago he came from Scotland, the designate chiefly of Professor Laird, to take charge of the pulpit of Soots' Church, Collins street. He was the immediate snccessorof Mr. Stobbs, -who was preceded by Mr. Meszies, who died while in the occu pancy of the pastorate. Mr. Strong belongs avowedly to the Broad Church eehool, and his reputation is fully up to his avowal in this respect. This is not the place for a discussion of theological science, but as a matter of common report I may mention that this gentleman's theology is of the negative sort, in contradistinction to the well defined and positive standards of the denomination to which he belongs. ?"Strong tells men hoi? to live," said a Presbyterian minister to me, "but he does not tell them how to get the power to do it;" and another, "Strong's heterodoxy does not lie so much in what he taje as in what he does not say." The un f oimulated charge against him is that be teaches only half the gospel, and that haif not the primary and essential but the secon dary and related part; that he teaches the morality but not the essential life of religion, and in this he brings himself into conflict not only with the traditions and modes of his denomination, but also with the recog nised and authoritative standards to which be promised fealty in his ordination. The thing seems plain enough to an unpreju diced outsider. Mr. Strong wakens up to the fact that, like the rest of us, he has been etaited on his brief tnnn?ian.? comae, out of the profound and uoasswer ing eilence, in a world where there are a great many things on all subjects that H no fellow can understand." His lot is cast in a condition of things which in course of time he finds himself to be out of sympathy with. Bat the world is wide. As ac honest man he is bound of coarse to be faithful to himself, and "reverence his con science as & king." If he cannot do this where he is he can surely find room else where to do it Bis friends are trying to work up a feeling in his favor on the grou?d of persecution, but there is really no ques tion of persecution whatsoever, unless it be on his own side. His brethren say, in effect, that he is the persecutor, that he persecutes the standards which he, in common with than,is bound to defend; and that they stand up against this unnatural persecution of his for the protection of that which they at least hold to be dearer than life. Mr. Strong is a Presbyterian minister under the sanction of a solemn compact; that C3tnpact he violates, and still chums to be a mini ster in the Presbyterian communion. He can stay aad be at peace if he will respect the terms of his association, or he can be at peace, doing whatsoever he will, if he will but gc elsewhere. The thing that makes all the trouble is that he wants his will on both sides of the question; but that is a privilege reserved for few amongst mortals, and those for whom it is reserved are by no means the most happy amongst mankind. A few days ago Mr. Strong announced that he should resign his con nection with the Presbyterian Church in the colony. Thereupon a meeting of his congregation was held to express sympathy with him, and to induce him if possible to change his mind. He stated that he could sot change his mind, bat would delay- his departure to suit the convenience of his people. At that meeting he stated plainly enough that he was Broad Church in a very recognisable eenee; he could not agree with the commonly-received interpretation of Scripture in some important respects; and he could not subscribe to much of the doctrine called orthodox in its present form. His statement was bettered in a marked degree by the after utterances of a I Mr. Stewart, who, by-the-way, is the lawyer of the denomination. This gentle man's views were so strongly put that an up-country presbytery has formulated its i objectioES in a manner which will at once show the action which will be taken, and the ground for such action:— MAta meetingottheOttttemwnPresbytery, held at GasUemaiae, it was nnaniaioaslF re solved that the fallowing overture be forwarded to tfce meeting of the General Assembly, to be held in Melbourne in the second week of November:—'The attention of the presbytery having been called to the report of a speech, said to have been del v*red by Mr. J.C.Stewart at a meeting of the eo?gregation of Seats* Church, Melbourne, wherein he it represented as hsvisg affirmed, most unwarrantably' and inac curately, "that is tbe Confession of Faith be found it stated that the world aad all tilings therein, wLetber visible or unvUible, wen created in the space ef six days of twenty-four hours cacti; that in order to satisfy the jnstiee of God millions upon miiinmit o f people had been sent to eternal partition simply because they never knew of Christ; that there are elect and non-elect, and that toe elect vill be saved, whether they like it or not, and that the non-elect, do what they can, csn not be saved; thattbere is such a thing as tbe eternal dass?ation of infants who have never lisped a name; and farther, that the men who protend— and by necessary censeqoenee, tbe ' men who pro/ess—to maintain, asiert. and de> fend all the doctrines contained in the confes fefeion are dishonest men, ths presbytery , i herefcre resolve that the assembly be overtured to take wbate ver steps may be dawned nee ?sstry to vindicate our church against a misupresaa- 1 tation of her doctrines so gross abd onwar ianted,acd to defend her ministers from so ] wanton an attack on their intelligence aud honesty, inasmuch as, but for such a vindication it night be naturally presumed, from Me, Stewart's position as an elder of the chorea and her recognised lawlagent, that his representa tions of her doctrines, and of the opinions and character of her ministers, are founded on truth, and on information well "I* jM>''rJfiatfd '" Mr, Stewart, being a Scotchman and a lawyer to boot, is more than likely to show considerable fight, but then he will: have to hold his own, if he can, against Scotchmen, and when Greek meets Greek the tug of war is inevitable. In the mean time Mr. Stewart justifies himself by cer tain citations from the standards which, to the lay apprehension, appear not by any : means wholly unlike the allegations which he made in his reported speech. The papers have been enjireued by a general and discursive criticism of the revised version of the New Testament. As a proof of the diversity of die light that falls on any subject to persons who occupy different standpoints, it may be noted that while the Bishop of Melbourne is confi dent that the new version will have the effect of giving an impetus to freedom aud breadth in religious thought, Dr. Mac donald, of Emerald Hill, is of the opinion that the effect will be rather to confirm the views which have been taken in time past concerning the severity of tao treat ment, and final fate of those who persist in WTong- doing. Poor Tyerman, the spiritist lecturer, who certainly was but a Ecrry example of the worth of his theory, and who, by the way, most likely knows more about it all by this time, used to lecture on the devil, proving, to his own appareEt satisfaction at least, that his Satanic majesty was an intrusive lugey, u*ed by the priests to frighten the people and to keep them in degrading constraiat and bondage. His lecture was generally brought to a close by the recital of a piece of doggerel verse, which was evidently meant to be amusing, asd the burden of -which was " the devil is dead." A good deal of the press guerilla warfare on the general subject has centred upen this dia bolical impereonage of evil, and great stress has been hud on the fact that the new version, following the Greek more closely, has in several instances transposed evil as an abstract noun into the concrete and per sonal idea of " the evil one." Some philoso phers, so called, who, whatever they may do when a question of science is concerned, ac knowledge no authoritative textbook in questions of religion, are still of the opinion that the devil is dead, but tbe theologians appear to be agreed that they have stronger stutementary proof than ever that such is not really the case. If the philosophers would only advance their argument a sca^e farther, and prove satisfactorily that thera is no devilishneES, it would no doubt be a great relief to ns all. I have spoken from time to time of the sew gas echeme now patented by the in ventor, Mr. Dizon, I have forborne to say much that I might have said, because I did not think it fair to advance opinions with out evidence in a case where the material interests had already become large and widely distributed. Now, the whole thing ?has been blown upon in a way that makes reticence entirely unnecessary. Mr. Dixon's specification of the materials out of which he evolved his gas, and which he was se quired to submit in order that he might secure his patent, was perplexingly ex tensive, and suggestively elaborate. There was a painstaking prolixity and precision about the description of the admixture of the multiplied ingredients which was too evidently intended to overbear and carry the vulgar imagination, and an appearance of scientific cleverness which might well sway the lay mind with wonderment, and silence the impertinence of any profane quibbler. There was such a load of ver biage, and such a piling on of knowing and scientific terms, that the whole looked very much like an affair that had been cooked. One who knows the originator intimately said to me on the morning that these tangled and elaborate presentments ap peared, "I wonder who got up this for Diion? It is impostible he should have done it himself. It's all rot, and meant merely to mystify and gull the public" Since then a company of scientific experts belonging to the Royal Society met and compared notes on the subject, and Mr. Cosmo Newbery having given mouth to to their prelections, the whole affiir has been relegated by them with much scoro and ridicule, to the region of which Bagua is king. Still it would be pzematnre toeay that Mr. Dixon'agasis entirely blown out. Shares in the concern are still saleable, although they hare dropped from 3-s'. f> 15s. The holders profess to be confident and satisfied. They cay, ? Let the savin* make merry as they will, every great prac tical discovery bss bad to make its way in spite of such. We have the <rae, and we can produce the light We will light the world with it yet." Such a very heavy atmosphere of doubt, however, has been thrown around the whole affair that it is a question if a shareholder, fatuous or courageous enough could be found who would not gladly exchange his scrip for for what it cost him. The rather demon strative confidence of the shareholder* is generally regarded ?s another form of that peculiar sort of courage which takes to whittling when passing through tbe sombre and ghost-crowded churchyard. Nevertheless, transactions in this scrip under the verandah in Melbourne are re ported, although rarely, and at greatly reduced figures. Tbe Ministry are to bring id a new Rail way Bill, and already the Commissioner is crowded with about a score or more of deputations daily, each showing the ben cause why a new line ia indispensable in tbe particular district concerned. The traffic on the Brighton line is very much crowded at those times when persons are coming and to business in Melbourne; and on holiday occasions the carriage accommo dation is said to be quite insufficient. There is already a double line as far as Winds yt, but from tbence to Brighton the line v single. It has been proposed to make a double line all the way, but thid would involve the building of several expensive bridges. An alternative proposal is now made that tbe St. Kilda line shall be can tinned through the hill at St. Kilda by means of a tunnel, and carried on to Brighton by a route that will accommodate passen gers who are not reached by the Brighton line. Tenders are being called for a new bridge across the Yarra atSwanston-street. A very painful sensation has been pro duced by the arrest of Mr. Edward James Age, accountant at the Lands Otfice, for forgery. He is brother of Mr. Ags, the commissioner of audit, and belongs "to a family well known and highly-respected in the colony during the last twenty yearn. There is a pathetic painf ulness about the fact that it is said that it was his brothes of the Audit Office who made the discovery which led to bis apprehension. As an evidence of the misfortune of bearing a tainted name it may be mentioned that a jourg man has once been discharged from one of the banks only because he was un fortunate enough to bear the same name as the defaulter. This certainly seems to be a very hard lot, with no slight spice of cruelty. 