3YtSTERIOUT 'DISAP EARANCE LORD BRACKENBURY. [jBY AMELIA B. EDWARDS.] (jesbliswed by Arrangement nith Harper Bras., ,--" , ew York.) " .;:.' CHAPTER VII.-(Continuecd) .Besides, no vehicle had passed either : ,or. fro since the yellow cal6ehe drove through at four o'clock, except, "iideed one or two country carts .bslongiug to farmers in the neighbour 'hood:- So said the landlord of the E ~ropa. Nothing on wheels could pa?s that way and not be seen from the hotel. Also, there was a water trough at the opposite side of the road, where the'p'easants always drew up to let their beasts drink, and where the stable boys filled their buckets to water the horses of travellers driving through. It was impossible that any crte or carriage should stay for water or drive through unobserved. They decided that it was useless to. go on to Matterana. 'Blessed MIother of God!' said Bandro Quaranta-Sette, 'what .shall we do ? Where can we go ?' He had been the life of the party till .. now; but now, for the first time, he 'eemed utterly hopeless. 'You can do nothing but go go back to La Spezia,' said the landlord of the Europa. 'How can we go back with having found mi-lordo ?' The landlord shrugged his shoulders. 'If you had but stayed with us,' he said,' all would have been well.' . Sandro drew his sleeve across his eyes. ' Che! che ! don't do that, Signor : Sandro I' cried the landlady. 'It is not like you to despair. IMaybe, when you get back to La Spezia, you will find your traveller waiting for you.' 'Ay, ihe might have passed through La Spezia, and have gone on by mis take to Lerici 1' said Marco Bernardi. They caught at this hope, just as Sthey caught at the hope of finding Lord Brackenbury at the mill; and having partaken hastily of food and drink, set out to return by the way they came. It was now getting late, and though the night was fine and the road one long descent, the distance seemed half as far again from Borghetto to La Spezia as from La Sgezia to Borghetto. They were tired, anxious, silent the most anxious, the most silent, being Lord Brackenbury's valet. Again and again he had been on the point of re vealing the secret of the diamonds, of telling all he kInew and all he feared; but remembering that he had acquired the greater part of this knowledge through the key-hole, he had as often checked himself. He felt, however, a great and growiug dread-a dread that he scarcely dare define. The others felt it also, but more vaguely. They halted again by the path to Grassi's mill-halted, and shouted, and waited; not in actual hope that anything had happened since they left, but on the chance of it. All below was, however, dark and silent. The miller and his ",?fmily were long since gone to bed. So they went on again. The moon had by this time risen, and as the road zigzagged, they passed alternately through spaces of ghostly shade and still more ghostly light. There was not a creature stirring. They still stopped now and then to shout and listen; but save at one spot where there was a double echo, heard never a sound in reply. Auout two miles irom La fpezla they came upon Bruno Bernardiand his party. The others had searched every point at which an accident seemed pos sible. They had been down in places -"to the water's edge, and their clothes were torn by the brambles, and their bpots were cut to pieces by the stones ; but they had seen nothing of the mis sing man-nothing. ' Courage ! we shall find him at La Spezia,' said Sandro Quaranta-Sette ; "but the words were more hopeful than the voice. They came presently to a turn in the *road high above La Spezia, where there is a famous view of the bay reaching almost from horn to horn. The olive slopes shimmered in the moonlight, the distant headland slept, the sea was 'i" furrowed with silver. All was still in the little town. All was dark in the windows of the Croco di Malta. ' He is not here,' said thu elder Ber nardo, as they went up to the door. A sleepy night porter, who could hardly speak for yawning, let them in, It was only too true. Lord Bracken bury was not at the Croce di Malta. CHAPTER VTII. AN I?IPENETRABILE 2 YSTERY. A DE'?lrhem acconut of the search nmade for the missing traveller, of the rewards offered, of the judicial inquiries institu ted, would fill many chapters, but the main facts may be told in a'few pages. All the local machinery of the law, such as it was in North Italy at that timie, was put in motion. To lay the facts before the Syndic of La Spezia was the first stop to be talen; and the brothers Bernardi, accompanied by Sandlro Qu aranta-Sette and Lord Brac kenbury's valet, waited upon this func tionary the following morning. The tcastimony of the last two and of the postillions having been taken down, the Syndic, with his clerk and a couple of gens-d'armes, repaired to the Ilotel Croee di Malta, placed oflicial seals on Lord Brackenbury's luggage, and toolk possession of the koy of the room in which the things were deposited. MIes sengers were then dispatched to Sar zana, Carrara, l\Iassa Ducalo, and all the smaller communes round about; special couriers were sent to the author ities at Genoa and Lucca; mounted carbineers were told off to scour the roads; and a reward of two thousand Genoose lire was offered for information of the missing man. Before twenty-fourhourshad elapsed, the whole country-side was in ah up roar. At Borghetto, at Matterana, at San Benedetto, domiciliary visits' were made to such of the inhabitants as imight be thought to bear, or at any time to have borne, an indifferent char acter. At Carrara, two men who chanced to apply for employment at the quarries were arrested, for no other reason than that they were strangers. In the same way an invalid soldier, travelling on foot to his home at Pietra Santo, and an itinerant photographer who chanced to visit La Spezia in tihe way of his calling, were detained on suspicion. Nothing being proven against any of these persons, they were liberated in the course of a few days. Not even the cantonuiers to whom Lord Brackenbury had given a pourboire on the summit of the Pass of Bracco, not even the fisherman with whom he had chatted at the little sea-side town where Sandro Quaranta-Sette put up to dine, escaped examination. The Corniche and Riviera were at this time considered the safest roads in Italy. No one dreamed of brigaudage between Nice and Genoa, or between Genoa and Pisa. As for cases of rob bery with violence, nothing of the kind had happenel in the neighbourhood of Spezia for well-nigh a score of years. T.hat a traveller should disappear from a frequented highway between four and five o'clock in the aft·ernoon-disappear utterly and leave no trace-might well send a shiver of alarm throughout the district. The youth, the rank, the wealth of the missing man made it so much more startling. When, in addi tian to all this, it by and by came out on information from Genoa (confirmed by the tardy evidence of Lord Braclk enbury's own valet) that the lost nobleman had not only a large sum in cash, but upwards of thirty thousand pounds' worth of unset diamonds about his person, the excitement reached its climax. On the eighch day Lord Bracken bury's brother, the Honourable Lance. lot Brackenbury, arrived at La Spezia. Lord Brackenbury having disappeared on the Saturday, Prouting had tele graphed on the Sunday to Brackenbury Court, his master's seat in Lancashire. Mr. Brackenbury, who was shooting at the time over a remote Scotch moor, did not~, however, receive the telegram till nearly twenty-four hours later. He wis therefore only just able, by diut of hard travelling, to catch the French steamer which then, as now, left Marseilles for Genoa, Leghorn, Civita Vecchia, and Naples every Thursday. From Genoa he posted straight on, without an hour's delay, so reaching La Spezia on the Satur day about mid-day. ' What news of my brother ?' lHe was out of the carriage, in the hall, and face to face with Lord Brackenbury's valet at the foot of the stairs, before anyone could run out to receive him. 'No news, sir, I am sorry to say,' rephlied Prouting, white as a ghost, and shaking from head to foot. 'Good God! What can have be come of him ?' A tall, dark, brown-bearded young man, dusty and travel-stained, he stood with his hand on the balustrade, look ing from one toanother of the faces fast gathering round him, and seeing no hope of comfort in any. 'Everything's been done, sir, that can be done,' said Prouting. ' The military has been all over the country.' 'And have discovered no trace ?' ' None whatever, sir.' 'It was last Saturday that you lost him ?' 'Last Saturday, sir--just a week to day.' The young man looked bewildered -incredulous. . H.e could not believe it. . .... .. 'Are you the landlor-d ' he said, turning to'the elder Bernarido. ' Show me to a private room, please; and you, Prouting, come up and tell me about it.' They went up to a sitting-room on the first floor-the same sitting- room that had been prepared for Lord Brackenbury. The elder Bernardo openued the shutters and lot in the day light; tlhe youngoer followed with an armflul of rugs aud wraps. 'That door opdns into a bedroom, I stippose ?' said Mr. B3rackenbury, as Mr. Prouting helped him off with his overcoat. S' Yo--es, sir,' replied Prouting, hesi tatingly. ' But it's locked. That's the room my lord's things are in. The magistrate of the place-him they call the Syndic--hs the key.' Mr. Brackenbury stared at him con fusedly, sat down, got up, walked to the window, came back again, looked utterly confounded and overwhelmed. 'rThe two Bernerdi lingered amoment to see if the njwcomer wanted any thing. ' Wou't you take something, sir, after your journey ?' asked Prouting; a cup of coffee, or-" \rt. Bracknubu'y shook his head ' No, no,' he said. 'Nothing now. Let me hear about my brother.' With a veary sigh he dropped into a chair. The I3ernardi left the room. The valet re!nained standing. ' Nov tell me all-- everything - just as it happened.' There was not much to tell: yet to tell that little, under the circumstances, was difficult. Prouting, however, did his best, beginning with the departure from Genoa, and ending with the night search in the ravine. ' And the country, you say, has been scoured in every direction ?' SThey do say, sir, there isn't so much as a goat track for miles round that hasn't been followed up, or a village where inquiries haven't been made.' 'And what is the general impression ? Do thle authorities seem to think lie has been murdered ? ' 'Nobody knows what to think, sir.' ' No, but they suspect ? they fear? Poor Cuthbert! Good God !-poor Cuthbert ' And Mr. Brackenbury, with a groan, leaned his elbow on the table, and. his head upon his hand. ' I saw something in a French paper yesterday about the diamonds- what does it mean ?' he asked, presently. ' My lord made a purchase of jewels, sir, at Getoa; a very large purchase, so they say-something like thirty thousand pounds.' ' Yes, yes--I know he thought of buying them. Where are they?' ' The diamonds, sir ?' Mr. Brackenbury nodded. ' My lord had them in his travelling belt.' ' In his travelling belt? On his person ? Do you mean to tell me he had the diamonds actually upon him when he left the carriage ?' ' Indeed, sir, I am sorry to say he had.' 'Merciful Heaven --and yet it seems scarcely credible. They would not go into so small a compass.' iMr. Prouting explained how his lordship had caused the jewels to be broken up, and how, being only loose stones, the diamonds took up very little space. ' You saw them yourself, Proutmg ?' 'I saw them, sir, when I took in my lord's lemonade' They were lying on the table in three little heaps.' 'And you are sure he put them in his belt?' ' Yes, sir, I-I happened to see him put them in-quite accidentally.' Mr. Brackenbury pushed his chair back suddenly, got up again, and walked restlessly to and fro. 'Where is the Syndic?' he next asked. ' Close by, sir-his office, that is to say; but he isn't much there. His private house is a little ways out of the town.' 'Take me to his office. If he is not there, I will go on to his private house.' Prouting fetched his hat and led the way. They met the Syndic at his bureau door, on the point of going home; but he turned back and led the way to his private room. Mr.'Brackenbury begged to know what had been done in the way of search; and the Syndic-a voluble, self-important functionary - brought out his minute-book and a pile of cor respondence, and proceeded to show with what zeal and discretion, and at how large a cost, the investigation had been carried on. Here were copies of his own letters to the local authorities of various communes, and their replies to the same; a list of thirty-four domi ciliary visits made in various mountain hamlets during the past week; minutes of the examinations of suspected per sons; accounts of sums expended in telegraphy, printing, gratifications to subordinates and the like; besides various reports furnished by the officer of carbineers whose troop was employed in the search. Mr. Brackenbury listened till the Syndic had talked himself out of breath, and then said, very gravely : "Your investigations have been con ducted on a wrong basis. I am not surprised that you failed." The Syndic begged to know what better course sua Ecccllenza could pro pose. 'You tell me,' said Mr. Bracken bury, 'that no case of robbery with violence has occurred here for many years, and that the people of your dis trict are well conducted and harmless. Why hold them ans werable for my brother's disappearance? Lord Brackeonbury was assuredly not the first traveller who over got out of his carriage on that road for exercise. It is a cireumstance that must have happened every 'dy. Why, then, should he be molosted- he alone, after years of public safety ? He had upon his person a travelling bolt; containing money and jewels; but how should your villagers or fishermen know that?" The Syndic stared. That the brother of the missing man should defend the people of his district was more than he could comprehend. " It seems to me," continued Mr. Brackenbury,. " that we should take Genoa for our point of departure. There must be persons in Genoa who knew that my brother bought the dia monds-who may have followed him, waiting the first opportunity to obtain possession of them. They were bought, Iunderstand, through some Genoese banking house---" (To be Contilnued.) 