FREEMASONRY EXPOSED. The following graphio (1) letter, contributed I' A. Victim ' to tbe order, which appeared In, the;; Freemason*' Monthly Magazine, will doubtless bo read with interest ' T' kV_i .... .. '»?« jumou me Aiasonio iraternlty, Mr. 1,1 ? am a ',e0 an^ accepted sod, or brother, or whatever it is, of that ancient and mvsterions oreanisation. I hnrn holnnoo/l «n many secret societies in my time — I have been sn Orangeman, and a Son of Temperance, and ? Fenian, and, if I semember aright, I once belonged to a gang of coiners — but this Masonic arrangement, this institntion of the compass and sqnare, distances them all. I have often wondered what Bort of a thing a Mason was— in what respects he differed from #n ordinary being. Again and again have I pumped persons who .1 thought knew what was what with a view of finding ont something regarding these queer men, but it was no go. Mum was the word ; and those who could tell womdQ fc, aud those who woold couldn't ; for further information I was to go and find oijt. I had a vague iden of my own that a Mason was a sort of supernatural being, a regular ring-tailed roarer, with horns and hoofs to match, who could come down the chimney, or get through the key-hole, and disappear like a flash of lightning — a chap that wonld knock bluzeB out of a fellow with » wink of his eye, and of whom the devil himself was afraid. There Is one singular thing connected with Masonry of which you are perhaps not aware, and that is a Mason never dies. Occasionally it is given out that a brother has departed this life, and tbe fraternity is respectfully sum moned to do honor to his remains ; but it is all a sham, a big swindle, gotten up to throw dust in the eyes of the uninitiated. The coffin is 'Stuffed full of bricks, and deposited with due solemnity in the cemetery, while' the brothers and friends are blubbering their eyes out over the grave of the dear departed, and the departed is quietly enjoying himself in the back room of some hotel, preparatory to leav ing for parts unknown. It 1b a fact, Mr. Editor, Masons never die. They may change their appearance and move off to other spheres, but as for dying, they ?caii't do it. It is supposed by some that, after they have transacted wickedness enough on this earth, they are transformed into comets and meteors, and go wandering through space, kicking np shines and raising the devil gene rally. And a great many people suppose that the last meteoric display was nothing more nor less than a free fight between some rival lodges that have crossed each other's path— the dif ferent colored lights betokening the different degrees they bad acquired in the flesh. Freemasonry is of ancient- 'date, as proved by the fact that during the wet season Noah used to hold meetings in the corner of the ark. He was obliged to give it up, however, owing to the curiosity of Mrs. Noah, who, notwith standing the fact that her husband placed a big pair of lions and a big crocodile at the door as ontside guard, came pretty near find ing out the secret, and starting a female lodge on her own hook. I must tell you the perils and trials I had to undergo to become a Mason. On tbe evening in question, I presented myself at the door of the lodge-room, No. 66,666, signs of the skull and cross-bones. I was conducted to the ante room, where five or six melanoholy chaps, in ?ashes and embroidered napkinB, were waiting to receiye/me. On my entrance they. all got up and turned! back somersault, and then quietly resumed : their seat. A big fat fellow, who sat in the iniddle, and who seemed to be tbe proprietor, 1 then said, 'Sinner from the outward world,* advance.' I advanced. ' Will you give up everything to join ns f ' Not if I know it,' ?aid I. ' There's my wife and fourteen fine — ' (Another party here told me it was a mere .matter of form.) Tbe fellows in the towels then groaned, aud said, ' 'Tie well.' ' Do you ?wear never to reveal anything you may see or hear this evening, not to your wifef . I said, ? 'Pon my word, I will not.' They then ex amined my teeth and felt my muscles, and made me put out my tongue, and then groaned again;. ,1 said, ' If you don't feel well, I have got a little. bottle here, that — Here, the fat man took the'bbttle from me, and told me to shut up. He then, in a voice of thunder, said, ' Bring forth the gnat'.' Another fellow then came forth to blindfold me. ' No, you don't, Mr. Mason,' I said ; ' no trick on travellers, if you please. I don't believe play ing in blindman's buff with a goat. I'll ride the devil if you like, but I don't go it.-blind. Stand back, or I'll knock you into smithereens.' They were too much for me, however, and I hud to submit to be blindfolded. The goat was then led in, and I could hear him making nn awful racket among the furniture, I began to feel that I was urgently wanted at home, but I was In for it, and could not help myself. Three or four fellows then seized me, and with a demoniacal laugh plched me on the animal's back, telling me at the same time to look out for squalls. I have been in a good many scrapes, Mr. Editor, I've been in an election fight, I've been pitched out of a four Btoiy window, I have gone down in a railroad collision, and up in a steamboat' explosion, but this great excursion was ahead of them all. The confounded thing must be all wings and horns. It bumped me against the tables and the stove and the ceiling, but I hung on like a Trojan. I turned front somersaults, and rolled over till I thought it waB all over with me. ' I was just on the point of giving up when the bandage fell from mine eyes, and the goat bounded through the window with a yell' like a Camanche Indian giving up the ghost. I was in a Lodge of Masons. They were danc ing a war dance around a skull, and playing leapfrog and turning handsprings, and' the big fat fellow of tbe ante-room waB standing on his head in tbe corner, finishing the contents of my little bottle. Order was soon restored, and I was led up to a desk and told to stand at my ease. The chief engineer of the establishment then put his thumb to bis nose, and stretching his fingers in the 'shape of a fan towards me, commanded silence. The rest of the brethren did likewise, and were Bilent, The governor, then addressed me : — ' Brother Enobb, yon are now one of us. Tou are now a member of an institution that has lasted over ten millions of years. From this time hence your constitu tion is sound, Tou are impervious to light or heat, or any other atmospheric influence. Tou are water-proof, fire-proof, and over-proof. With impunity you may walk through the lake, or sit on a red hot stove j with impunity drink aquafortis, rye whisky, Wah'oo bitters, or any other poisonous substance. Tou are free from rheumatism, dyspepsia, whooping-' cough, and the measles. The sheriff dare not seize you for debt, nor the policeman for mis deameanor. Tou are of us, and you are safe. Here is the pass-word ; with that and a big club you can get into any lodge in Christen dom.' I then stood the whisky and water all the way round, and I was' a free and accepted Mason. 