PRIESTCRAFT. There are no doctrines of the Church, of Romo in whioh craft is more displayed than in her so- called "traditions," which are additions to her ancient faith, and constitute much of what is called the " errors of feome.". The Council 6 E Trent, , sitting about 300 years ago, took upon itself to declare that it was there assembled " with the Holy Ghost," to record in type some" of the ."unwritten traditions" of the- previous years. ' . It' must" be clear to all who. will take the trouble to study the twelve now articles of faith, compiled by the eeqlesiastics composing that Council, and set forth m their decrees, that the main object was to enhance the power of priest craft. . . Whate vor Romanism may have been prior to that Council, it was not the same religion after wards, but rather a new religion, full of inven tions well suited to the purpose, and all tlie more so since it resorted to, the usual priestly tyranny of pronouncing all . " accursed " who doubted the truth and value of the said decrees. By a Bull of Pope Pius IV,, dated 9bh Dooem- ber, 1564, the decrees were published under the style and title of " Tho 'Greed of Pope Pius IV.," and formed a supplement to the Nicene Creed, compiled a.d. 325 ; the whole being declared necessary to salvation." The question now arises as to salvation " prior to 1564, if what was "necessary to salva tion "was not discovered till then. Now, it is self- evident that if the Roman Catholic traditions, alleged as true iu 1564, were really true, they must have been handed down from father to son through about 5000 generations without a break in the chain. If only one generation of parents, out of that large number, omitted to toll their children, the talk of their childhood, the traditions would be at an end, The snapped link of an iron chain can be repaired, as the thing is tangible, but a broken link in tho talk of a generation, cannot be repaired, as tho original story is then gone for ever. But .oven, if we assume that tho chain of tradition remained intact during 3000 genera tions, what evidence have we, that tho human tongue of those days did not invent as in our time ? The rattling rumours gathered as they flew. On every ear they sped, On every tongue they grew, iB a human failing belonging to all time. Is is then highly improbable that the alleged traditions, set forth as " truths " by the Council of Trent, and Pope Pius IV., are true, and, in support of a belief that they aro untrue, let us quote a few of Rome's well-known previous convictions. The silly fables so prominent even in her most recent prayer and school books, would be harmless if they did not mislead the ignorant ; but, now for her crimes of serious import : they are countless as her archives are replete with, forgeries, but hero are a few but of the vast numbor : — , ... In a.d. 754 Pope Stephen III. forged a letter, purporting to have been written and signed by St. Peter. ... At the Council of Carthage, an imposition wan practised, and canons of Sardica were introduced as true oanons of Niciea. Similar attempts were made to introduce false canons, on several other occasions, but especially by Popes Leo the Great and Felix III. ,,t,, t> Then there are the well-known false De cretals," bo highly approved of by Pope Nioholas I., hut declared by Pope Pius VI. to be forgeries fit for tho lire. ... Such tricks would hardly be practised in our time lest ah enraged laity should abolish prieBts, once and for ever. Yet minor descriptions of falsehoods, are carried on by means of apparitions, suohws those at Lourdes, Knock, and elsewhere, as by such priestcraft money is obtained. ' Near where I reside a sick Roman Catholic, full of " faith," but with empty pockets, wished to go to Knock ; hiB wife also a Roman Catholic, had £30 in the savings bank, but no faith in her religion ; he obtained ber money, whioh the priests of Knock got out of him. ' On his way home, he died a pauper, and was buried by the parish. Such is priestcraft when there are fools to deal with and a few pounds to be got. The improbability of the truth of the "tradition" is enough to blast them, but when we find that many of the records are them selves forgeries, and that those whioh might have been taken as genuine, are frequently interlined at a more recent date, we may rest assurred that the" traditions" out of which the creed of Pope Pius IV. is compiled are the inventions of priestcraft, and therefore I would suggest that the name Romanism be changed to -that of-. Pionism, in honour of Pius IV.,- tho founder of thenew creed. . The Papal idea of traditions is, no doubt, taken from xxi. chap. St. John. 25th ver. " And there are also many other, things which Jesus did, tho which- if they should be -written, every one, I suppose that even the world itself could not contain the books that shonld' be written." , ' ' But while St. John does not say the many other things " were " necessary to salvation," tho priests of Rome say they are so, and as they . cannot tell what St. John omitted, they supply ' the omission with! their own inventious,- which ' they have the audacity to call " traditions and then they "say, -as to salvation, that whereas ' Scripture alone, without their traditions, is in sufficient,: their traditions alone, without Scrip ture are ample. Of all the insolence priestcraft is 'guilty of, none surpasses that cool assurance contrived by themselves for self -exaltation — English, paper. 