THE RELIGIOUS CONDITION OF AMERICA.— NEED OF A GREAT REVIVAL. BY THE REV. T. DE WITT TALMAGE, D.D. Dr. Talmage is accustomed, at the beginning of each December, to make a ten days' tour throughout the States, for the purpose of bracing himself up for the arduous duties of the winter. On Sunday, December 19, he resumed his labors in Brooklyn Tabernacle, by giving a report on the commercial, social, and political condition of the States through which he passed, and then proceeded to discourse on their spiritual condition, as below:— I have also to report to you to-day in regard to the religious condition of the country. I asked one question in every city, and received about the same answer. " What is the religious condition of Pittsburg ?" I asked. They answered, "Dead." "What is the religious condition of the cities ol Virginia ?" They answered, "Dead." "Of Cincinnati?" "Dead." " Of Lexington ?" " Dead." Here and there a soul straggling into the kingdom of God, but the vast multitude going right on their way. An eminent clergyman of Kentucky told me during the last week, " If some sweeping revival does not come over this country, the Church of God will go under." I found beautiful churches wherever I went, rapturous music, eloquent ministers, but the old work of saving souls seems to be going out of fashion. As though there were a factory with costly machinery and skilful employes, and vast investment of capital, yet producing no carpets, no shawls, no screws, no nails, no fabrics. We have enough churches in this country to save the whole land in five years. Yet how few practical results as compared with the costly machinery. How is it with our own beloved denomination ? In 1876 there were 48,000 converts. Last year 26,000, and notwithstanding we have 300 more ministers and 400 more churches. I suppose it is correspondingly so in other denominations of Christians. But I have to report to you that right along with the spiritual dearth there is a GRAND, DEEP, ENTHUSIASTIC anticipation of great revivals. I went into the ministers' meetings everywhere, and they were discussing revivals; and when the meeting was done they adjourned to resume the same subject next week, and in many of the churches there will be extra services by the pastors or by evangelists. Innumerable supplications to God and innumerable exhortations for the people. So I do not want you to have any idea that I take a doleful view of the spiritual condition of this country. God can, by one stroke of His Almighty Spirit, undo the Satanic work of a quarter of a century. It took years to build a Spanish Armada ; it took the Lord Almighty one hour to destroy it. There is going to be a great earthquake of spiritual awakening; there is goimg to be a great tornado of spiritual power. I found everywhere that is the anticipation, and the anticipation always precedes the coming of the Holy Ghost. What is the simple state of things in this country ? Now, we may deceive ourselves, but we cannot deceive God, and we cannot change the state of affairs by deceiving ourselves. What is the state of things ? If there be a church with a thousand members, nine hundred of them are sound asleep; if there be a church with five hundred members, four hundred of them are sound asleep; if there be a church with a hundred members, ninety of them are sound asleep, and if they are wide enough awake not to drop the chalice on Communion day, it is considered that will do, it will do very well. I suppose there are a great many whose names are on the books of the church who are deceiving themselves in regard to things of eternity, and in the last day it will be found out that they made religion the second-rate thing, the third-rate and tenth-rate thing, instead of the first thing, the primordial thing. Well, we want a great awakening in pulpit and in pew. Alas! if in the day of judgment any one should say to any minister of religion, " I heard you preach five hundred times, and I admired the profundity of your discourses, and your well- rounded sentences, and your gestures, curvilinear, and stelliform, and I thought you were the prince of propriety; but you never told me about this great day, for which I am not ready. Cursed be your rhetoric, cursed your art! You never told me of this day, and now I'm going down, and I'm going to take you with me. Hear ye hosts of heaven and ye hosts of darkness. It is his fault." And all the worlds will bring up the chorus, " his fault." Oh 1 we must be aroused for Christian work, those of us who stand in pulpits, and I see many Christian ministers before me. 'Tis not a cause of small import The pastor's case demands, But what might fill an angel's heart, • It filled the Saviour's hands. They watch for souls for which the Lord Did heavenly bliss forego, For souls which must for ever live • In raptures, or in woe. Oh I that God, by His gracious Spirit, would set on fire the pulpits of England, and Ireland, and Scotland, and America! Come, Holy Ghost, and hear all ye s, people ! What are you doing for yourselves, and what are you doing for others ? I address you in all love and kindness. Since some of you came to the stage of action a whole generation has passed off. They moved right on. You met them in business circles and in churches, but you brought no practical influences to bear upon their souls. They are gone, passed clear off the stage. " Oh!" you say, " where i6 the fountain where I can wash off from my hands the blood of immortal souls ?" My Christian brother, do not waste your energy in that direction. That generation has gone. Now the question is what you will do for this other procession marching out of our stores, hundreds of thousands of clerks—marching out of our factories, hundreds of thousands of operatives— marching out of our fields, hundreds of thousands of husbandmen—marching on, marching on. You stand in front of the host and swing the sword of God's spirit, crying, "Halt! halt!" Oh! let us arouse to our work! We want a great awakening in the United States. All the clergymen and the Christian workers I talked with in all the cities told me that, and I feel it to be true. We want a revival like that of 1831, when Chatham-street theatre was opened for religious services, and a committee went to the lessee of the theatre and said, " We want to use your theatre for a church." "A what?" said he. "For a church." Then the man burst into tears and said, " You can have it, and here are a thousand dollars to start with." And Mr. Finney preached eighty nights in the theatre, and thousands of souls entered the kingdom of God. We want a great revival like that of 1857, when Burton's theatre was used for religious services, and there were prayer-meetings in the old bar-room, and for eighteen nights and days the place was thronged by people crying for God and heaven; and James's Hall, Philadelphia, had mid-day prayer-meetings week after week, attended by three thousand souls, craving, singing, seeking pardon, rejoicing in mercy, and Philadelphia telegraphed to New York— "WHAT HATH GOD WROUGHT ?" and New York telegraphed to Philadelphia—"Praise the Lord, a hundred souls this day found peace;" and Cincinnati telegraphed to Charleston, and New Orleans to Boston, and city to city, and State to State; and there were ships that came into our harbor where on the one voyage from captain to cabin boy, all had been converted. Two hundred and sixty thousand souls reported saved that year. Oh ! we want that multiplied by two, by five, by ten, by twenty. Eternal God, help us! We want some praying such as has never been done in this country. If John Knox could get the lever of prayer under Scotland until he shook it from end to end, it seems to me there ought to be enough energy in a Christian church to put the lever of prayer under this continent and shake it from the Atlantic to the Pacific. There is where it will begin. It will begin in your heart, and in my heart, and in the hearts of God's people—earnest, importunate prayer. There is no need of my going back and rehearsing, in your hearing, instances where God heard prayer. There is no need of telling of Hezekiah and his restored health, or of Elijah and the great rain, or of the post-mortem examination of the Apostle James which showed that his knees had become callous through much prayer, or of John Welch and his plaid, or of Richard Baxter, who stained the walls of his study with the breath of prayer, or of George Whitefield, who again and again was found flat oa his face crying unto God for the salvation of the people. Oh! for something of the earnestness of John Knox, who rose in the cold midnight, and when his wife chided him and told him it was time for him to slumber and to rest, he cried out: " Woman, how can I sleep when my country is not saved? O Lord God; give me Scotland, or I die." There is no need, my brother, my sister, that I go back to those historical instances. I turn in on your own consciences, at that time when you felt your soul was guilty, and you cried for pardon and got it; or the time when you thought your child was dying, and you cried to God, and He cured it; or the time when your fortunes failed, and you cried to God for bread, and He put into your empty pantry the cruse of oil, and the measure of meal. But why need I bring any illustrations eitheT from history or your own consciences? Rather than that, I just put a ladder of three rungs down at your feet, and tell you to mount it: "Ask and it shall be given you. Seek and ye shall find. Knock and it shall be opened unto you." Put your right foot on the lower rung of that ladder, then your left foot on the middle rung, then bring your right foot again to the top rung of the ladder, and hold on until you see the wave of Divine blessing dashing clear above the topgallants. I do not know how you feel, my friends ; but I feel I must have the blessing, the overwhelming blessing of God, on my own soul and on your soul. Whether by my life or by my death, O Lord, save the people! If from the mound of my grave more souls can step into the kingdom of God than by my life, let me die now. O Lord, it is sweet to live for Thee. Methinks it would be pleasant to die for Thee. If in the Napoleonic wars six million men fell for worldly ambition, and if in the wars of the Roman Empire one hundred and eighty million men fell for worldly glory and for the renown of the empire, shall there not be one regiment of us who would be willing to die for our Captain of Salvation, for the Hero of the ages, for the Champion of our redemption? Come, Holy Ghost! Come* the rushing, mighty wind! Come, the tongues of fire! 