OUR MELBOURNE LETTER. ' | (Prom our own Correspondent.) 1 So far tho political crisis, like tlio wounded snake, Drugs its slew length along,' and-it remains to be seen whether Mr Berry's cx pect'oti'oii that tho 'debato will yet. beco i e fiery remains to be seen. Tho opposition wnn fluMr li I*1: t vinf.ni-v nil Tnesilnv n:o-Ji I over t}-n question of adjournment 34 to 27, and that was generally, ro'garded as the beginning of tlio end. Still, there is' .110 chance of the dehate ending this week,' though it might as well if members remain in the groove they were in on Tuesday night .when a clear majority of three were known to exist against the Ministry. Mr Berry himself acknowledged as much when he -jocularly observed that he was not likely to enjoy the ball. But the Ministry will die very hard in the hope that some un expected event, some quarrol among the bosoigors, will cliango the situation. There was no sign of it on Tuesday, for Mr Mirams hud prepared, himself; for a two hours in dictment of tlio Ministry, and Mr Woods wus predicting the fall of the cabinet. The fact is that thejestrangement has proceeded too far. The means the Ministry are adopting to bring back the lost sheep irritateB and makes them mo.'e.f 'determined. They know the inner working' of (he system too well, they have beon behind the sqenes themselves, to care ; besides the fight has assumed a phase which I will enlargo upon further on, which almost forbids compromise or conciliation. 'Tis apropos just now, on tho eve of a great political change, when the' old landmarks are to be swept away, and wo are about to enter upon a new era, to investigate the causes that ' have led up to tlie present state of things, in . an impartial and judicial spirit. The inevit able disintegration of parties and the certain growth of personal animosity and dissatisfac tion within any party, with which I have already dealt, contribute a large total. ; Then, as 1 pointed out, sbi t t'y after the July gene ral election the Assi mbly returned by the. electors was an'utteiiy worthless House, the balance of powur being held by half a dozen men wlioso views of politics depended entirely upon whether they sat on the Treasury Benches or not. Tbe electors did not give Mr Berry a workable Honso, and it' is solely because.lie endeavoured ,tQ. shape his conduct i ccoriiiu^ to that House and not upon broad and lioneit ' principles that he has como to .'irief. He cannot blame me, for since July I have, Cassandra like, showed him the net that was spread for his feet, but he wntil.l m.i listen; His first mistake after the i-lii-ii^n was to endeavour to form a coalition . Mjnistry, and to truckle with ? men like Sir Jbhn'O'Rhanassy and MrWrixon, who could not possibly sit- in a Government with him while he held the political opinions upon which he;was returned by the country. Being ....elected1 by Liberals and fiercely opposed by Conservatives and Moderates, he should have at all hazaids chosen his Ministry out of the Liberal ranks, unless he was to lay himself open to the suspicion that he was only anxious to obtain an alliance with the Con servatives and to drift into tho groove of Sir James. M'Gulloch. Bat when he shook off ' .Big Jack and the Jellyfish, not to mention . !tli£ O'Loghlen barnacle, he -.should have still ' further consolidated his party by taking in '-jOnly staunch Liberals. I acknowledge he ?had a difficult task and a hard taskmaster, ? the Age. to satisfy, but he should havo been consistent at all hazards, for he ought to have known that tljat wpuld. lead to success in the end.? He should have remembered that the Age Wfote him down in 1871' ; advocated a coalition with Messrs, Casey and Service in 1877, when Mr Berry had by his own energy and eloquence' won tho greatest- battle the Liberals ever fought in Victoria ; houndedhim out of .office a jd endeavoured to get Mr Casey and. Mr Munro into power in 1879-80; blamod that defeat upon' him ; urged the compromise Reform .Bill.upon him recently to create.' its special pet, tholowrgoiesie party ; and i6 ready to stamp upon the moment he is defeated ; he should have dragged the Age after him as a slave— not allowed it to lash him like a coward to 'destruction. The first nail in his coffin was tho taking, in. of Mr Williams, one of those who, defeated his second Reform Bill, as Minister of Mines, the second his supporting Mr Gnunson for the chairmanship. Mr Williams' ; appointment might .be in some manner'jus'tified, for the Sandhurst group of constituencies must have a Minister and the other' Liberal members were not long enough in the House ; but. th'e supporting of Mr Gannson, who. .had attacked Mr Berry as no other man did,' whose treachery mined party after. party, as against an honest and consistent Liberal lilcb Mr Mirams; was unjustifiable from any point of view, and even disgusted the Op posit ionp^ho at all events believe in- consis tency in public life. Mr Berry further omitted; when ho. had passed these stages, to proceed with the Liberal legislation he had promised — he did not even touch tho plural voting bill. Thero was ' once -chance for him to have thrown up tho game when tho Council insis ted- on their amendments ; had ho stood firm then ,,ho, might have beon saved, though I think it was too late, for the Radicals had lost faith, and the Moderates who sat on his sido 'wnnto'cl only a chance to desert. His shilly shallying when the fight waxed hot, and his 'lightning changes settled bis fate. I think I have clearly shown the causes that have led to his destruction, for which he is by no means altogether to blame; some were inci dental to his surroundings,' others were \- created by his vacillation and inconsistency, a word I regret to use of Mr Borry, who up to the last, scenes of the Reform struggle was, right'or wrong, our most consistant public man., Mr' .Vale's evil temper and biting tongue, Mr. Riciiardson's imbecility, and Mr Patterson's suspected intrigues with the Op position also helped to bring about the general result. When the Ministry, are got out, now or when tho House meets again, something will be done to'Bring the chaos that exists into some order.. Ministers talk of getting a dis solntioij,' but as they h'ava ' no policy, ? I fail to see ho.tK.Uiey, cati,',get itj and if they do, I don' t , think it could help them, for the Op position would be safe to come in with a ma jority, owing to tho nttorly divided state of the Liberal party. That a dissolution must takej place, at no distant date, I doubt not, lor I see W earthly chance of getting' work out tfy®Pres?nt House, but I don't think the Berry Ministry will A get ^ iC'' Three 'results may follow the defeat of :the Ministry, each aj. lively us the othpr : a combination be t^^n.i'teOpp'osiiion and the Moderates in inn iGnrner and on the 'Ministerial side ; the ? ' fbimaiiori 'of' a Radical Ministry, its over throw, .a cpplition of the Berry and Murray Sb'itli' Mpporter*; the failure of the Ftndicnln to form a Ministry, and a conse quent cnaliiii.ii 'of the two other sections of tho House. Tlie great aim of ' all parties will be to silenco tho Catholics with a Royal) ' ' . 1 ? 7 ? . ' ' Commission, and to get tho general election in in their hands. Tho Opposition are playing n perilous game, agninsttho advico of some of their leaders, but they hope it will oventunto well. I should not atall bo surprised to soe'1875 repeated and n coalition Ministry reign until 1883, nor would it in many respects be unde sirable, for thore is a vast quantity of practi cal work waiting to be done, nnd a loan of four millions to meet our debentures has to be arranged, and it is pretty certain that such a Ministry would keep clear of debateahle legislation and devoe itself to practical legis lation, so long neglected; besides, the Coun cil will not -havo become altered mjtil then. Of the many eventualities that aro talked of, it would least surprise mo if this coalition Ministry were to be the result of tho present situation, but, of course, it may come from n fusion of the Corners and Opposition, or the Ministerialists and Opposition, which matters are hot now sufficiently advanced to guoss. The state of the House at present is, Con servatives, 38; Berry party,; 36; Uncertain, 11; Speaker, 1. Taking the Berry party as pledged to a Liberal policy, and Messrs Longmore, Grant, Woods, Mirams, and M'Kean as also pledged, we have 38 Con servatives, 41 Liberals, nnd 6 very doubtful gentlemen, indeed. It is this state of tho House that has made the Opposition support the Corner. The civil servants are again in trouble about their money, but, of course, something may be done before the week closes to relieve them. The Opposition are willing enough to pass a Supply Bil1, but it is not usual to do any business whatever during a want of con fidence debate. When that is closed the money will be passed, but Mr Berry may make slips in the meantime. There will be considerable confusion in the finances. The mero form of an Appropriation Bill was never so' well shown as at this session, all the money being spent beforehand on supply bills and Parliament discussing an Appro priation Bill, which was only a respectable ghost I I now come to the most remarkable aspect of the present struggle, especially ns it is re garded by the Radical Corner. With them to a great extent, it has narrowed down to a personal struggle, to overthrew the power of the Age and the dictation of the Reform Leagues, which latter they state are not now what they were, true representatives of tho people, but, with some exception, mere clm-qucrs for the Ministry, The struggle be t\vi-en the Radicals and the two Frankensteins liTey helped tlo create the Age and the Leagues will , be moBt interesting, and whichever is dofeated, tbe defeat will be severe. The Radicals maintain that a newspaper is not necessarily all powerful because it once went with a party that won a great victory, that it niuy lose its power as quickly as it attained that power, and that a journal may mistako its strength as coming from itself, whereas it prooeeded from tho people, and was simply acquired because the paper went with the people for the time being. They instance tha San Francisco Call. That paper, com paratively unknown, and with a limited circu lation, took up Kearney and the Sandlot men. It floated at once in to popularity, the circulation became immense, the power enor mous, and tho new Constitution was carried triumphantly. At this the Call lost its head and proceeded to work another oracle, but it utterly and entirely failed, to its unmitigated amazement., ' | Ah I . Tom Bent, Tom,. Bent, was it you, who, remembering the Ministry of which you were a member were destroyed by the cry, set tho unemployed upon Mr Berry, especially that man Filliagham, who threatened tho Liberal Premier with the Spectre Rouge 1 YoiVare a sad wag, Tom,|but owing to the late melancholy event, I absolve you. I Mr Fincham has created such a noise of late that an anecdote or two about the gonial and jovial member for Ballarat West (to re place Mr Keys in South Bourke it is said, for having left Ballarat, his seat there has not been very safe for some time, Ballarat hot liking absentees, and Mr Keys being always unwell) will not be amiss. The Mayor, Mr Bell, and Mr Fincham wero in Ballarat on Saturday, waiting for tho Princes, and after that a debate arose about pairing in order to be present when the Princes came specially to Ballarat, on Wednesdno. It was not known then how Mr .Fincham was going to vote. After a little while the Major sug gested a cortain Oppositionist as a pair for Mr Fincham, and doubts .were expressed as to whether he would consent. At last Mr Fincham solved the problem. 'If you are coming up, Major,' said he, in jovial style, ' You and I can pair, and that will make it all right I' This was the first , intimation of how he intended to vote, and the fall of the Major's countenance— he had up to this time had hopes of his colleague — was laughable to see, i£ one could laugh at the discomfiture of so good a soul as Major Smith. Equally amusing were the proceedings in Ballarat on Sunday. 'The Major and Bateman, of the Courier, went to church together in the night,' said Mr Fincham to a friend, ' and instead of thinking of their sins and profiting by the sermon, tlioy wero concocting a violent leader against me, retiring to the office to write it, and out it came on Monday !' I see that Robert Moorhcad, the Sandhurst :Wine and spirit merchant, whose death ' was recently chronicled, died ' worth ; £51,000,' most of which was left to his nephew. Ibis reminds me of an incident of his early career which he told me once. When a young fel low, he and his mates, then !new chums on Sandhurst, strolleJ into the -White Hills Cemetery, where they saw' a woman crying beside a coffin. On enquiry they found that the gravedigger refused to dig the grave for her child unless she paid him a sum which she could not, and had, liardhoartedly gone down to Jack's Halfway House to have some beer. Young Moorliead and bin mates at once set to work and dug the grave, and the child was buried, without any service of course. So mucBf for a' story of Old Ben digo. ? A well authenticated story has ^reached mo, showing the great intelligence of- the Australian cockatoo. Two neighbours near Ararat had a pet cockatoo each, of the com mon sulphur crested variety. They did not know tho sex of the birds, for that is difficult 'to find out. The cockatoos occasionally foregathered' when they went out with the children. Tho families were not a little con cerned to lose thoir piats, at tho same time, but they concluded they had tirod of civilisa tion and resolved to go back to. their, ancient state. What was the surpriso of the owner of one of the birds to hear, as she sat b ow- ing in the kitchen, the . well known '' Pretty cocky,' and on looking up to see her pet shuf fling in at the door, followed by two juvenile cockatoos !? After recoiving hor mistross' endearment, and boing fed — sho gave the most to her chicks— she climbed1' up tho dresser, followed by her progeny, and coolly roosted in a nook on the mantelpiece, between a ohina shepherd and shepherdess, a favourite resort of hers,' A soareh boing made it1 was found that tho birds had built in an old. stump be tween' the two houses, and how they escaped observatibn was a mystory. 'Mr' cockatoo had returned to his home at the same time his ' missus' did to hors ! Wo get a lot of fun out of our blind men. One who reads tho Blind Biblo to the ad miration, of country folks, in a voice betwixt that of Urinh Ileep and Pecksniff, is claimed by two ladies, whose; .fights over him occa sionally necessitate a visit to the police court. Tbo factory boys had rare fun this week over another blind man, of rotund proportion.', who, has been an institution at a . street corner for many years. .His ' missus', brought him his dinner, boiled fowl, and he got into- a great rage because she had not put sufficient melted butter ovor it! Nay, so indignant was he that ho raisod his stick to beat her, and she had to fly. I don't think - working men can afford chicken on week days. . The- theatres are very dull jnst now, and Miss Pomeroy tries too much variety, and as she is deficient in the power to be pathetic her Lady Isabel in East Lynne is a failure, We will shortly have in these colonies the great violinist Wilhelmj, the, rival of Joachim, who brings a superior concert troupe. He is reckoned one of the instrumental wonders of the world. Mr Marshall takes the Princess' in October, and will have a company selected to his order in London. The old theatre once more stands a show. The Tambour Major Troupe, with its jeunesse doree ' legs' will be back at the Opera House in October, when Olivette and Madame Favart will be produced. 