LEG LS L ATI V E ArfcJE M B L \\\ Wednrsday, March IE. The Si'EAfvKR took the chair at 4.30 p.m. ARTILLERY OPF1CKRH. Sir IIENHY PAIIKKS, in reply to Mr. Fletcher, gave certain information relating to the officers of the Defence Force soul to Newcastle. AMENDING MINIM) HILL. Air. JJAKHLI, in reply to Air. rcrgusson, slated that the state of public business did not allow of the in- traduction of this Bill this session. LKJUOU LICENSES HILL, Sir IIENRY PARKES, in reply to Mr. Abigail, Ptated that he did not know if the Bill would provide for the appointment of inspectors, but the pamplcs of liquor obtained from obscure neighbourhoods yet analynad did not contain any ingredients upon which a prosecution would lie. . TRAM WAV TO CUOiiKK. Mr. LACKEY, in reply to Mr. Triekctt. stated that it would not be possible to complete the tramway from Rundwick Asylum to Coogee Bay at. present. MAIL FROM H LKN 1NNBS TO VEUKTARLK CREEK. Mr. SUTTOR, in reply to Mr. Fergusson, stated that the amount paid to the contractor for this ser vice was £150 per annum, but it was desirable that a vehicle should be used at least once a week, aod negotiations were being made with a view to such ah arrangement. the kiriit-uour system. ' Mr. LACKEY, \i\ reply to Mr. Cameron, stated that the average hours of duty of night officers on the railway were 12, but the duties were light, and it would not be possible to limit the hours of attend ance to eight hours on the railway. The hours oF actual work did not as a rule exceed, even if they amounted to, eight hours at the present time. CANTEEN FOR VOLUNTEERS. Sir HENRY PAUKES, in reply to Mr. Camoron, stated that he would consult the commandant on tho subject of a separate canteen for volunteers at tbo next cucampment. I'AUKIt.S, The following papers were laid upon tho table and ordered to be printed : — A message from tlie Gover nor, recommending the estimate of expenditure for public works'proposed to be provided for by loan, the estimates for the endowment of municipal bodies, ntpl the purchase of recreation grounds, and the report of the select committee on the Sydney Hospital Bill. PARK AM ATT A TRAMWAY. Mr. BYRNES moved for leave to bring in a Bill to construct a tramway along George-street, Parramatta. The motion was agreed to and the Bill brought in, and ordered to lie printed. PRIVATE BILLS. ' Mr. E. BARTON moved for leave to bring in a Bill to authorise the sale, mortgage and leasing of ccrLaiu lands and hereditaments devised by the will of Mary Ann Bates, deceased, ami for other purposes. Agreed to. Mr. GAltRETT moved for leave to bring in a Bill to enable tin trustees of the will of the lato Thomas Chapman to grant leases for any term not cxcccdiug 50 years froiu the passing of this Act of certain por tions of tlie real estate devised by tho fluid will, nnd to make roads, strectH'aud ways over, upou and adja cent to the said lands, and for other purposes in the said Act to be moutioued. Agreed to. SUPPLY. The House went into Committee of Supply to con sider the Estimates nnder the heads— Municipalititis, £50,000, and Miscellaneous, £100,000. Sir HENRY PARKES, in moving that these sums be grauted, said the fin»t of them was a special grant to country and suburban municipalities, equal to onc- balf the total amount of the rates collected in each case for the municipal year ended 31st January, 1881. The second was for the purchase of lauds to be set apart as places of j/ublic recreation in certain of the metropolitan suburbs and iu country towns, gnd tbc scheduled of. particulars of the expenditure would bo laid before Parliameut. Mr. FITZPATKICK expressed bis disapproval of this vote. He was not disposed to allow any Govern ment a large sum of money, such as this £100,000, to speud when aud how they liked. It was proper for 'recreation grounds to be purchased where desirable, but lie was not disposed to give tne Government £100,000 for the purpodc. He would move that the £150,000 be reduced by £100,000. Mr. M'ELliONE said bo also was not inclined to pass this vote. Once the Government got the money thuy had tho whole control of it, and it was well, known that they had been made to pay higher . prices for land than any other person. A deputation waited on the Colonial Secretary a short time ago, asking for a sum of money to be voted for a recreation ground for Newcastle, and tho reply was, that be was opposed to the request, while it was a fact that no town required such a recreation ground more than Newcantie. The Government were more likely to favour their friend in purchases of lands. The suburbs hsui been the most clamorous for recrea tion grouxds, and no districts had deserved them less. The surplus revenue bail come from the country towns and from tlie sale of hinds in tbc interior, and it would he unfair for the suburban districts to get the benefit of it. Mr. FARNELL said the course now adopted by tho Government was unconstitutional, as it had been the practice to first of all make the purchases and to ask Parliament to vote the money afterwards. Ho felt that the principle sought to be introduced was a dan gerous one. Sir HENRY PARKES said it would be utterly im possible for the Government to take the course pointed out by the boo. iqcmbcr, as under it they coulfl not purchase to the same advantage. Some years ago tlie piece of Jand known as Callau Park was bought for about one-sixth its preseut value, but that was only effected by keeping the intentions of the Government with respect to it a profound secret. (Hear, hear.) He did not thiuk the present course was uueonfltttutiomil. Nothing was unconstitutional that was fairly submitted to Parliament. Having got the money, the Government would endeavour to do the best they could, aud tkoy could do better with their hand unfettered. Mr. FITZPATKICK questioned whether' a thing could be constitutional simply beeauso it was sub mitted to Parliament. It was a constitutional swindle io Htsk for £100,000 for the Government to play ducks and drakes with if they chose. Mr. ALEX. STUART could not see how this was swindling. It seemed to him to boa question of degree as to what extent the Government should be entrusted with the funds for certain purposes. A similar case w .is tlie vote of £250,000 for water sup ply. -Supposing his hoo. friend's . proposal wore adopted, and purchases made subject to tuo approval of Parliament.? What, then, if the Parliament refused to ratify the purchase? Mr. FlTZPATJUCK : ''Then the Government goes out of office." i t.. . « ; i . \ , , at (LaughterA .-That would be a most .unconstitutional way. Under the bon. ftembcr's proposal there would- be increased prices put on land to cover the risk of refusal. , Mr. FITZPATRICK said the Parliament must keep a strict hand over any Government, nnd particularly over the present Government, (fear, bear, and' laughter.) It did not become the people of the conn try, to allow the Government to make ducks and. drakes of their money. No Government that sat before etcr made such a proposal. Mr. FREMLtN paid nn analogous case to this was the voting of £20,000 for Bublicdliool sites. Mr. S. 0. BROWN said the House had nrged upon Government the necessity of purchasing these recreation ground?" Under the circumstances it would be wise for the Honse to vote this money although it placed an immense power in the hands of the Government. Mr. PILCHER said if the House thought ;thc Government had done wrong, they bad the power to shciw their opiaiom Public monies were expended under proper supervision by tho House, and tbc Government spent it subject to the approval of the House. Mr. BUCHANAN said the Government Had ndted most wisely in this matter ; as, by the course they had taken, they would 'save thousands of pounds. (Hear, hear.) Mr. FITZPATUIOK naked why tho country should divest itself of tho power which it had over the public expenditure. The Government were authorised to spend £150,000, and yet lion, members talked about having power over them. It was the last thing he would be disposed to grant. Mr. GARRETT said the objections to this vote were very vague. This money was te be accounted for afterward? to Parliament, Justus many large sums had been previously voted. If they were to have responsible Government they should allow it to hare the confidence of tho Houso to this extent ; and if the Government had not that confidence, they were not fit to sit where thev were; Under the proposal made by the hon. member for Yass, all thtf Government could do would be to make an offer, not to conclude a bargain, as tho approval of Parliament would have to be subsequently obtained.. The bon. member had entirely failed to show that Parliament was not fol lowing constitutional practice. Mr. FITZPATRICK said tho votes given to the Colonial Treasurer were only to cover linforsecu expenses, aud would any hon. member try to blind them by sayiug that reserves for public 'recreation were an nnforseen expenditure ? There had never been a vote like this, which had been adopted by the Government as a means of extricating themselves from n difficulty. Mr. BADGER Y said the question was ns to whether the Parliament bad sufficient confidence or not to grant the Government this vote. If there had been no previous vote of thtB kind it was because there had been no similar circumstances. When land was to be biJhglit, if tlio approval of Parliament had to be obtained, the prico would be considerably raised in consequence. Mr. FITZPATRICK said they wbuld be neglect ing their highest duty if they voted this sum. Mr. M'ELHONE said some thousands of pouuds had already becu spent without tho consent of Par liament in filling some government offices with use less statuary. He would like to ask the Colonial Secretary where this money bad com'o from. He ngrecd with the hon. member for Yass Plains, that it was most dangerous to grant the money without knowing how it was to be spent.. He would support the amendment. The Government did not want the money, as if a piece of land was really reqnircd the Parliament wonld not refuse to vote the money. By granting the vote beforehand all responsibility was lost. Mr. BUCHANAN said a Government ruling the country had the power to go to Parliameut .to ask for largo sums.' But they had a far greater power than that. They had the power of hanging uieu. lijauguier.j u tuc money was votcu Government would spend it in the way best for tho country in their opiuion. (The hon. member was informed that the purchases had not been made.) He was under tbc impression thnt the Government uad spent the money —(laughter)— and he was justifying them, but as they were asking for the money first they were following a constitutional principle. They would be unworthy their position if they had not this power. Mr. MURRAY would support this vote. There was the greatest necessity for land to be resumed at once,, as there was not a block for miles round the city that was not being sub-divided. Mr. FITZPATRICK said when hon. members came to look over tbis matter calmly they would see that the Government had dono a most unclean thing in asking for this unprecedented vote. If Govern ment could get a piece of laud greatly needed for a public purpose the House would not refuse to grant the money, but he would not give his vote to any Government in this loose unmitigated way. Mr. H. C. DANGAR said tho Government had dis closed the purpose for which thev were intending to spend the money. If public reserves had been made long ago, there would have been no necessity for this vote. (Hear, hear.) Ho would have no hesitation in giving his vote to the Government. Mr. FITZPATRICK flaid what he intended to point out was that no member of the House bad a ghost of au idea where this moucy was to be spcHt. The thing was monstrous. Mr. FARNELL submitted that this voto was un constitutional ; and one feature of it was, that if it were carried it would act as a bad precedent. It would be perfectly, uselesft'in ca«c such money were si»enc by un imbjcilu Government in an improper way, to turn them out of office, as one of them might have made a good thing out of a bargain, and it would be little service to tlie country which was the loser. There was no analogy whatever between this voto and that of £250,000 for water supply. He main tained that tho Parliament ought to have a voice iu the purchase of lands, or anything else, with the pub lic money. Mr. STUART contended that there was no de parture from tho constitutional practice, because the House had complete control over tbo vote of £100,000 for tho recreation grouud. Mr. FITZPATRICK said such a voto as £100,000 for recreation grounds had never been asked for be fore. Mr. O'CONNOR thought more respect ought to be paid to such hon. gentlemen as the lion, members for St. Leonard's and Yass Plains. IC the Government purchased laud for £50,000 which was afterwards found to be only worth £10,000, what would they do' with tlie Government? (An hon. member: " Why turn thcin out?") Would the House. do that? Why, there bad been occasions when tbc House bad been threatened with the resig nation of the Colonial Secretary if certain votes were not accepted, and hon. members who were opposed to theso votes uad left the Chamber rather tiiau incur the risk of such a sad catastrophe as the resignation of tlie Government. If the Government made a mis take the country was pledged, and no hon. member would turn out tho Government for a mistake. If they passed such a resolution as that before tho com mittee they were handing over the functions of Parliament to the Government and reducing the House to a mere registry office. Let them retnovo such ah opening to corruption. They knew how hard it was to ho honest in tbo position the Government were in. There was nothing to be "be gained by giving the Government such a power, but by abstaining from passing such a vote they were preventing tho Government from being despoiled by their avaricious supporters. Mr. BADGERY disclaimed any disrespect to the hon. member for Yass Plains. Mr. KOSEBY considered it was ridiculous to talk about the mistakes of tbc Government in such a way. The parks and recreation grounds of Sydney were a disgrace to it, aud tbo suburbs, both as regards tbc width of Atrcets and the size of allotments, compared most unfavourably with those of Melbourne. Some thing should be done to legislate in thin direction be fore the difficulty was irretrievable. Mr. ABIGAIL would support the motion in tbc belief that all the talk about the corruption of tlie Government was so much twaddle. Ho thought the Government were to be commended for bringing down sncb a rote for recreation grounds. He did not believe in the Government being placed at a disad vantage in purchasing land. At any rate his ex perience led him to hope that the country would be saved from arbitration. (Ucar, bear). Mr. PIGOTT thought the rejection of such a vote wonld be tantamount to an expression of want of confidence. If it were bis case, and he were in a Ministry po treated, he would resign. He believed in tbe ability and honesty of the Government, but if the Colonial Secretary were to threaten to resign, he (Mr. Pigott) would sny do so, and wc will find some one else to fill your places. Mr. R. B. SMITH thought that such a vote2 would establish a precedent, ami lead to the Government coming down for £500,000 uext year. 1I« believed the passage of this vote would be a surrender of their privileges as guardians of . the public purse. He knew it was a dangerous thing to trust the Govern-' incut to such au extent because they were not able to resist the influence which was bciug constantly brought to bear by means of deputations and other wise. He would like to have heard what the Colonial Secretary would hare said ou audita vote a few years ago when iu commission. Mr. LEVIEN reminded the bon. member for tbe Mncleay that tbe he got £75,000 for a road upon which a bullock dray was not seen once in 1 2 months. (Laughter.) Why, if tho bon. member had his way, be would take the £150,000 for recreation grounds in one grip. (Renewed laughter.) He had every confi dence in the Government. He did not believe iu rub bing the Government coat one way one moment and the other. way tbc next. Mr. POOLE said no hon. member had caused the Government, or ever would cause the Government to spend so much money foolishly as tbe hn. member for tho Mncleay, (Laughter.) lie would warrant that the boil, member would be rouud after tbe Govern ment among the very first to get a share of the vote. The'rcasou why the Government had to pay moro /or proporty than other people was tbe indecision which cxi8tcd,and the want oi expedition which prevailed, in'ordinary business transactions. Mr. R. B.SMITH said the bon. member for Tarn- worth -bad been au unsuccessful speculator in tbe Hastings district, and had a down upon it. He would never surrender his right tocriticiso votes, not withstanding the impertinence of some lion, members. Mr.TRICJCETT said tho young- members had not taken up the time of the Houao as tlio old members had' llo was convinced that the vote must bo passed, because these reserves were most necessary, nnd the longer the purchase of them was delayed tbc more the country would have to pay for tbera. The business of the country would never he got through if the pur chase of every small piece of land was to be debatcd- in a House of 108 members. (Hear, hear.) Mr. YOUNG declared that no money baa been spent unnecessarily in tho Macleay district. Ho believed that tbo Government woula be able to deal much more advantageously with CHe money iu band. Mr. FITZPATRICK explained that throwing dust in any one's eyes was not one of his Accomplishments. He could assert that 'such a vote as this had never been asked for by any previous Government. Mr. BRUNKER thought that even if there bad been uo vote of this character asked for before, it did not follow that the necessity had ever previously arisen. He considered time tuis power could be as well left in the bauds of this Government as in those of any other Government. Bethought that, with the money in hand, the Government -could make a fur ..better ..bargain da . thc,,intcr$3t& .ot..ibe. public, than, tlwy ?ould if only in n position to icrthu a half bargniu. . Mr. SUTHERLAND, would vote against the redac tion. He believed that tb'r amount askbd- for was only one- half of what should have- Venn asked for. The Government should give nn endowment equal to municipal, taxation. . The amount voted for mnkit.'g roads slf&uld; be. £100,000 at least, nnd the House should give the GfoVer»roent ample means to purchase land for recreation grourftfc/ He hoped that the House would vote tbis halt, to whitfe the municipali ties were entitled ; and that crentunlly it v?otdd rote the remainder. Mr OOPELAND suggested that the schedule should bo' htid before Parliament within 14 days, with the nsual provLirfe fer Parliament not sitting. Sir HENRY PARKES comd not amend tho pro- position, but ho would give bis assu'ntore that the suggestion should be carried .out. The amendment was lost on division by f>5 votes to' 4, the noes being Messrs. M'Elhone, Garvan, Fitz- patrick and Beyers'. Mr. BEYERS had Toted in favour of the amendment because ho had been waiting for some explanation from tho Government w to how the sura of £t00,0d0 wa fo b? expended, (iicai, bear.) The item was put and passed as printed. Til LOAN ESTDfATErf.- Mr. LACKEY proposed that the sum' of £8,7t!2,500 be passed for public workjs. The items of tho Loan Estimates' embraced a large number of pnblte works, one of which vets ' the railway from Uomcbuslf to Waratah, a distance of ifS miles, the best route that could bo found. The producer's tff the northern dis tricts bad laboured under great disadvantage through not having railway connection with Sydney. The Gov ernment therefore asked the committee to pass the amount referred to unite the two great systems of rail way coumunicatiou, They thought this line was tho least expensive, and wottlu bo the most remunerative of any other scheme proposed. It was a fact 'that when the first survey had been completed depnta- i tiops hail .waited npon the Government asking for other sitrvtfyof and after this work had been dono meetings had b'tffcrf held, and many suggestions had been made for othTr srrnys, Consequently the work of surveying had been gfttStly delayed, bnt the Government had at last decided that ttifc was the best route for the parpoHe. One largo item wris rf bridgo over the Hawkesbury, which would cost about, thrco-quartern of a million of money, aud it was nlpo necessary to construct a double line of railway along the route. Jle hoped that Lbg work would not bo delayed by any further suggestions from hot), mem bers-regarding other route#. There bad been two alternative routes surveyed, viz., id itcxBais and East Maitlund. If they had adopted ally other rjtftc than that to Waratah, the large coal trade, and tire coal traffic of the townships on the Lower Hunter, would have been lost. Tho lnnd along the line proposed was being nettled by speculator and others, aud they had reason to expect a large traffic through increased settlement. The ihie proposed by tho Government wonld be found the least expensive of the three. 'The route proposed, according to' the srveyoF# repefrfj was "from Ifomc- bush across the Parramatta' River,- .t WO utiles from Ityde, by the bead oT Lan'e Gove,- thchctf to a crossing near Dangar " Island, through Gosj ford, near Tnggeral Beach nhd J/tko Macq'uaric,- and in close proximity to the various colliery lines to tho south of the Great Northern lirre?' They had adopted the route which was likely to be most beneficial to the parties, who were likclv to use the route', and at the same -time that winch was likely to bo tho best paying one. Therefore, ho would ask the committee to give tho Government powcr to construct a line from Homcbush to Waratah, a distance of lOfi miles from Sydney, 94J of which would havo to'bo constructed. They had reasvn to believe, from estimates of pro- bablo future traffic, that the line would yield Hire or four per tfent. upon the expenditure, though the line would be a double one. The next item was £1,020,000 for a line from Red fern to Wollongong and Kiarna, a distance of l»8 miles. Public feeling was strongly in favour o£ this line, owing to tho traffic which would be derived from tho thickly popu lated districts as far as Gaorgo's River. The Government, bower or, considered that they were warranted in asking for the lino, because it passed through a largo And fertile district, which raised large quantities of farming produce. Then its mineral resources are increasing day hv day, and the traffic from this source alone would yield a safe re turn. They had good reason to expect that a very large population would be induced to fettle between Sydney and the Warranova River in the event of tho line being const ructed. The uext item he had to pro- pose was a line from Goulbum to Cooma, via Taraga, Jlungcndorc, aud Queanbeyan, 180 miles— £l,-ISif, WW. Two other routes had been surveyed, hut the Govern ment had concluded that the jiroposcd line would give tlie greatest convenience to the greatest number of people, and at the same time would yield a con siderable return upon the outlay. A proposal had been made that tho line should go by way of Braid- wood, but the route decided upon would be within reasonable distance of that town, whilst it branched round Lake George, witli nil its fertile country; ou to Queanbcyan. This was a very fine district, both for agriculture and pasture. (Hear, hear.) He believed the line would not only yield a large return, but would afford facili ties for settling the country and transit to market for the settlers' produce. Then he would ask for £80,000 for tho purpose of carrying the railway from tlio pro seut terminus at Ajhurv to tho banks of the the cost . of tho proposed bridge across tbe river. Murray, and at the same time defraying half The engineers of the two colonics " had al ready been' in communication respecting this work, bnt no final decision had been arrived at as yet. It was intended that tho Victoria 5 feet 3-inch guagc should be carried through to Albury, and tbc New South Wales 1 feet 8A-inch gauge to Wodonga station, in order to facilitate the coach ing and passcugcr traffic. This was the idea agreed to by the lute Mr. Thomas Uiggiubothau, the Eu- ,'incer-iu-cbief in Victoria, aud our own Mr. Whlttou; jut there was no longer any guarantee that this would he adhered to since there had been changes iu tbe Victorian Government and permanent .staff. If the . vote met with the concurrence of tbo Committee, immediate steps would he Liken to expedite the estab lishment of uninterrupted traffic between the capitals of the two coloniett. The next item was for a line from Orange, via Molong to Forbes, 83 miles, £705,500. This would pass through a rich producing .country, and would terminate between Purke and Forbes, avoiding the country near the latter town, which was liable to floods. This was a portion of tho line which would sooner or later have to be constructed to tho Darling, with the object of still further divertiug trade to Sydney. It was thought that a tramway would have been possible for thin lino, but examination showed a permanent locomotivo line to be desirable. The railway from Narandera to Jurilderic, 153 miles, £518,000, was a continuation of the policy to secure the trade of the Kivcrina district, a portion of which had now been diverted. Already tho stock traffic had been greater than it had ever been before, indeed it had been more than had been anticipated. Tho line would pass .through the rich country along the Zunco Creek and scenrea great deal of traffic that had bceu finding its way for some years to Victoria. Not only would it secure produce traffic, hut would lead to supplies bciug 'Obtained from tlie metropolis of New Kouth Wales. The construction would be comparatively in expensive, because the country was a very flat'one. The same might be said of tlio proposed exleusioii from Cootamundra to Guudagai, 31 miles, which was t/ cost £218,000. Other Government had intimated a desire to carry out this work, and the Government, felt they were warranted -in prupo»iug that it should now be uudertakci), because the district was a very large and productive ouo. It was also proposed to construct a lino from Murrumburrah to Blaynoy, via Young and Carcoar, a distance of 108 miles, -the cost of which would be £1,200,000. The districts through which this line would have to puss wore very rich for agricultural purposes. Indeed, they were so elevated that the climate was admirably suited for growing wheat and other valuable cereals, and a railway was all that was required to bring them to market, lie thought the Government would only be doing its duty in proposing this item. He was reminded thnt this line would afford a means of communication between the north, south and west, which would be very convenient to travellers who would otherwise have to come to Sydney to transfer. Ha related how 11,000 valuable Hhccp had been trucked from Riverina, on the Southern line, to W.dlcrawaug on the west, only a few days ago, in order to facilitate their transit to tlie northward. This, of courso, necessitated their .being brought all the way to Parramatta Junction. Another item was £95,000 to cover the compleiioh of the line from Waggu to Albury. He explained that the vote for this line had been taken upon a hurried estimate obtained from the. Engiueer-in-Chief, who had to telegraph tlie figures from Albury for the use of tlie Miunjtor who proposed it. The Government had felt it to be then duty to omit two lines from their estimate, viz., — from Grafton to Glen Inqcs, and Lisraore, on the Richmond, to Teutertieid. The Government fully recognised tho claims of these districts— their large population and remoteness from the metropolis; but the Enginccr- in-Chicf had not yet boon able to discover any route which was not of an extremely difficult character nnd almost insur mountable. The cost of either of those lines would be £18,000 per tnilo, and the Government did not feet justified in recommending so largo an expenditure as two and a-lialf millions at this juncture. It was just possible that a more practicable route might be dis covered before the line from Nowcastlo to the borders of Queensland was completed. The next item .was £60ij, 000, for alterations to station build ings and siding accommodation. These works were required by Hie increasing traffic. A great deal of inoouveuirmee had been felt iu having to anticipate votes for thesu works. It was merely a transfer from the Loans Estimate, and was simply a different mode of keeping the accounts, because no more money would bu expended. The £20,000. for the southern breakwater at Newcastle was a further sum to that already expended in transforming New castle from an open roadstead jnto - a safe harbour. The Clarence River breakwater was to havo £30,000 expended upon . it. . The Government proposed to expend £(50,000 in bringing tho Darling Harbour raijway down below tho Pyrmont bridgo, so as lo afford accommodation for vessels of any size. They had contemplated con structing a jetty across tho harbour nearly. to tho foot of Market-street, but tbe measurements would not admit of this. He thought this would do away 'for the present with the necessity of the railway to the Circular Quay, especially when there was such a fine tramway system. (Cheers, and cries of " No, no.") This was a comparatively small outlay, and not threo millions as would be required for the ex tension of a railway right through the city. At any rate it would meet tho demands of commerce for the present. A further sum of £20,000 was proposed for the harbour works at Lake Macqunrie. This vote was completely justified botjt by future and prospective trade. Parliament bad already approved of a bridge over the ManilU River, at Manilla, and another oyer the Gwydir,-or Big River, at Bingera ; and tho Go- vernmez had felt it desirable that these works should be carried- out by a loan voto. Tbo first was to cost £27,000, and the latter £2-1,000, Both works WfikO-lo be constructed of iron, which would bo very substantial. The estimated aggregate was £8,7n2,600, and was certainly a largo ono ; but ho thought it was ohe which' wouid reflect credit, upon the House that l J ' attested' U. . f \ Dr. IYEN'W'IOK approved of that, portion of tho j I -schefrto which provided for tbe extension ' of tho - I trunk line., but He' -thought it ridiculous that . \- all the crcat line? should be shunted into ono siding -j rnhning into a small hmbonr; which- was compare- » j lively uuimportant. He believed strongly that tho railway should be constructed at oucc to the Circular \ « Qiiay, bc'Chnso it would have to be done sooncr-or e later, and they could not expect to promote private J j enterprise until tbc Government did its share. Ho t I had studied the question €ftTofnlly, and had come to \ \ the conclusion that the plan proposed by Mr. 'John y' ' zemng to bring the railway roifou tho foreshores of . j Darling Harbour, thence underground to the Circular % j Quay and to come of tbe suburbs, was by far the best. ' j J| The Government propoied to carry out a very small . c|l part of this scheme, atTd that, unfortunately, wis upon jr. tho wrong side of the UarbonY. Thoy had already spent J® H large sum of money upon nn t?on wharf which, nn- iJ: fortunately, was rendered useless by tho Pyrmont Tg bridge. Until that obstruction was removed, tho if: wharf would never be any good to tbo mercantile j|f; community. Now Ibat branch railways were to bo 1 |j constructed, ho hoped thttt the Clarence River lino Jjj, would be formed. j jfi Mr. BRUNKER believed that tlio Government 1: could fairly oonscut to an adjournment of the debate, 'i s( so that the House might be placed in possession of more information, so as to cnablo hon. members to tin (leal with the iutcresta of the country, apart from any ' |< local feeling or prejudices. j »i Mr. SEE confessed to feeling much disappointment lit at Hie estimates which tho- Government, had sub- I mitteu. ire hoped that tbc debate would bo ad- . j (» journcd. J r Mr. M'ELIIONIv was sure that as the estimates .1. bud showed an expenditure of right millions of I \\\ money,- the Government dfd not wish to hurry them |- oil personally He did not care where the linos ran to J j' if the country only got the linos which would pay j best and do most good for tho colony. | Sir HENRY PARKER sad the Government was j- I willing to adjourn the debute till Tuesday if hon.' j members would give up that evening to Government . business. Uo might say that the line from Grafton ) to Tcntcrfield had not been proposed, as the Govern- L j incnt had been advised by tho Kngineer-in- Chief . T j that tho railway, 131 miles long, could not be con- - » tftructod for less than £2,400,090 sterling, or at tho . fj rate df £18.000 per mile— a cost greater than that of -\ . the Zig-/sifcf/ rtud one which the Government would 1 1 have been uttett? unjustified in submitting. They j had not abandoned tbe proposal to make tlih con- ' < uection, but they wiflhei to inako inquiries as to j! > whether it could not bo mndV by "it cheaper route than than which had been reported npon W tho Engineer-in- j| j CirieL an officer who stood as.high as any officer in tho -J j World,- and bv whose advice the Government, while ( j they kept libit iu office, were bound to be guided. In JJ reply to Mr. Fitzpatrick bo desired to state that the f : estimate of £80,000 tor the Murray Bridge was for J1 ; the approaches on tlio New South Wales only, and j j | half tho cost of the unicm bridge. J Mr. BRODRIBB desired tfcifc in constructing tho jfy. i bridge the Government would toko caro to protect \ .j the rteht of Now South Wide to tlw Murrny River, js j for It Had been decided long ago that tbo river be- « ionged to her. . . ... ' U i Mr. BADGERY was of opinion that some of tho fl; lines rdiglrt lie discussed that night. (No, no.) |j|;. Mr. CWJ3LAND advocated the adjournment of J|» the debate for a week Upon so important a matter. ..II Mr. POOLE said it- was only reasonable to ask tho j l Govern tifont to furnish returns of the probable traffic and profit to be derived from tho lines which , Ijb were proposed. , ... tlN Mr. GARRETT pointed out tho great increase Vpi of traffic which the new lines would bring to the < M t '. Western line, and urged that the Great Northern I line should come to Sydrtey by way of the North jjl Shore, as it would be utterly impossible to nccommo j ./» M... Ccinnv alrln of the harbour, llo waa J|- Vorv glad that the Government had abandoned tho - jl;. folly of proposing to bring the Redfern railway to : j V the Circular Qunv« (Hear, hear.) Totokc the lino ij; : through the heart of tho city would cost not £150,000, but £2,000,000 or £3,000,000. Prncti- 4: ; cally the railway was now in the heart of J;. the citsyand every year it was becoming more so. l(o was glad that the Government had uc- j ' cidcd upon the Wollongong lino, every mile of winch j v would pay if it Were constructed separately, for no J q part of the country was so densely populated or tnoro ; productive .than the Kiania nnd Wollongong districts, j; . j which had been cut off from all benefit from the rail- : way expenditure up to tho present time. Their time . j w.-j had now come, the trunk lines baring been con- . j struntod, to Have justice done thorn, and nowhera Mjfl would sa payable a revenue be obtained as from tho fU . south coast. A line must be constructed from tho \ f ' Clarence River districts, which weroffhe m03t vain- rflj able in the colony, or tbo local trade would go to j ji Brisbane. , | If Mr. MURRAY remarked that the lino J ft Grafton to Tenterticld would not bo a work of such ; jj,.> magnitude or cost as the Eugiucer-in-Ohief, wholiad \ always opposed this railway, had represented. \ The MINISTER for WORKS, in reply to Mr. i (j, M'Klhono, said he would furni.Ji, in a printed form to . Jj! hon. members, all tho information respecting tho y|!' lines and their prospects which he possessed. j fij Mr. SUTIIEHDAJJD miggcsted that the mijourn- 1 j; mcut should bo for at least a week, if not a fortnight, ; jf- ' in order that the Houso might do justice between tlio , 1 j Government and tho country upon these tlie .most 1 ( / : important set of estimates which would lie brought : W, down for tlie next throe years. : jj j Mr. FAHNKIjE thought that lion, members should . fl, ; have more information on the subject before voting . upon it. As tlie matter wns to he discussed jipon n 4 1 .. future time lie did not care to sa much upon it ; but; ! ! lie thought it an absurd tbing to bring all tltu pro- _> ; : , iliicc from the northern district to tlie western line. : j . \ He would ask for sonic information concerning tho j s rote of £600,000, which lie did not think should bu M , ! taken out of a loan vote. Ho believed that tlio . i railways must supersede tlio ordinary route, add that t j; the policy of tho Government should ho to make tlio j; S road, and instead of waking ordinary roads thoy i ! " ! made railroads. Why should uot the Government j: ' make the ruad to Kiama 7 Why Bhould not tltu | : people of the south have an opportunity of sending j( , f their coal to Sydney ? Ho approved of tho construe- tiop of a railway from the Clarence to tlie "New ' . j England district, and he regretted that tlie Govern- \\\ ; J incnt had taken this railway out of their policy. , i New South Wales would be a bettor plnco if it laid n Vj second port to New South Wales. fl 1 Mr. M Kb VILLI! hoped the Government would I consent to an adjourupient out . ' :n '.jj | Tuesday was n private day. K I Mr. FERGUSSON hoped that ib- Gov.riimev.c j would allow the adjournment to uu'A Wednesday. i'. .( Sir UKS'RY PARKES would r." ti.erli , i -IYr MbS that the debate should he taken c ' 1 b l tlie present stage of public lmsiiie- ; £ that tlie measure should ho disc..- ; sr. ' tj possible ill order that the Ooverim - '' : . . i "''l for tlie closing of tlio House l>y tuo end ot_ tlio "' i.l moo tli, so that llioy could meet Parliament again at I; a as early a date ns possible. j" f Mr. URUNKER briolly addressed tlio committed |j ;jj Sir IIENRY I'ARKES considered that these men- " ; l cures should uot ho considered in relation to tile t| | magnitude of tlio sums to hc expended, bnt in ' r reference to the revenue to bo "derived from tho . expenditure, and all the particulars would bo placed |J bcloro tho lIoiiHo to- njorrow or tho lioxt day. ' Mr. Miil.vn.i.n and Mr. Pooi.B objected' to tho f adjournment until Tuesday, as tlioy considered that hon. members were entitled to more time to consider ' j the proposals of tho Government. ' ; t The House divided upon tho motion for adjourn- , . ' I mentof the debate until Tuesday, which was carried ii . !. by 17 votes to 10. I? :j OSnOItNH HiiTATF. 1111,1,, ; : V Upon tho motion of Mr. REID, a IJili to onable tlie f j 4 truBtcesof the cstateof the late Henry Osbornoj of iila- . I warm, to do certain things wns read a first tunc, and ( tho second readiug lixed for that day week. . ; 4 The resolution was ugrccd to, reported to tho f House, and the report adopted.; F TUB OHIinit OF l'ltKCKnUNCK. q Sir HENRY PARKES moved that Government jj ; I business take precedence on Tuesday next. j 1 5 Mr. MELVILLE objected to tho Government busi- , 'j ness taking precedence on Tuesday. ! < Sir HENRY PARKES hoped tlio hon. member j( I would not object. There was do prccodcut for such q J a tiling. He hud promised to give the Hoitsu an t, ' f opportunity to fully discuss the proposals of the .1 Government. ... m. i'l- 1 Mr. MELVILLE pressed hts objection. j j ; j. Government 'wuru now waking up, and showing an ' i A anxiety to put busiuess through which it would havo 0 1 J! been well if they had shown earlier in the session. I ' jl He withdrew his opposition to tlie projioaal of the |i V Colonial Secretary. . . ' j Till-: w.uiua oas nil. 1.. I 14 A message was reported by the SPEAKER from ij the Legislative Council that tliu Council had agreed ,, ' jj to the Wagga Gas Rill, with amendments suggested . by tlio Government. ' ,;i Upon the motion of Mr. liURNS, it was resolved , 1 lj that the Bill lie further considered on Friday next.- j jj, xo i.iahii.itv minim: company. I .3 Ujion the motion of Mr. COPEL.VND, the amend- ( ;j incuts in ihiB Bill as made by the Council wcro I I, agreed to, and tlip further consideration of tho , rj measure made an order of the day for Friday. ' j fl. WAVS AND it BANS, j j In committee, ' ! 3 Sir HENRY PARKES moved—' l" That the sum of :/l ji £150, OUt be granted to her Majesty for Llic service of y lj thoyearlMI." Agreed to. ii jl Tlie resolution \yas reported to the Rouse/read a . t, second time, and passed. Leave was given to iulro- 1 1 |; duee a Rill giving effect to tho. resolution, and tho , ; \ Rill was read a first trmo, the second reading boing 1 , Ji set down for Thursday. Aj"j! Mr. M'ELUONE objected to tko Rill bemg rushed S <i through with unduo haste. j j a AIIJOIJIINMBNT. j lj Kir HENRY PARKES, in moving the adjourn- . L, jjj ment of the ilouso, said the Government would, lioxt |U «j day, jiroceed us far as possible with the Rills on tfjo . . j; notice paper. The second reading of tlie Local Go- , j Jj vomnient Bill would be moved lao/uruia, in order j \ ill that it wight he laid before tho country with his cx- - , a plaiuitions. jl Tlie House rose at a quarter to 12 0 clock till half- H A past I o'clock next day. - f j (j Mr. W. C. Caumiohaki., 20 years cashier of tho ! J Coinmeioial Bank, Uohart, has been presented with ij'jj £600 by his directors. , j fli Tub Duke of Manchester has presented Hubert jo j ltilly and Mrs. Rilly with a handsome oil painting of ,3 b himself as a token of gratitude for the reception they j \ jj gave him at Garrawilla Station, Liverpool PlainB, r) jj New South Wales. All the men on tho station 1 O formed a procession to welcome him aud. Sir Patrick ' j j; Jennings to the homestead, cheering them all the ;J Jl' way. ; j Jj! 