STORYTELLER. BELL THE BLACKSMITH, OB From the Anvil to the Bench. CHAPTER XXX. THE PROSECUTION OPENS THE CASE. Through the intercession of. ex-J udge Leonard, Prank Bell was peimitted to spend the night before the trial with his brother and Joseph Truxton, ' We can't get three beds in here,' said the' warden, when about to leave .p ranK with his mends. ' We do not need one bed,' replied Frank ; ' this night we dedicate to the spirit of unrest,' Tlie joy of Frank's meeting with his brother and cousin, and their joy at having liiuj with them, bauislierl for a time all thought of the place in which they met and all consideration of the, to tbeni, momentous morrow. The papers— they all gave daily bulle tins about the doings of the prisoners — had frequently remarked that Joseph Truxton and Gilbert Bell seemed to lie as unoonscious as children of their awful situation, . ; 'Their behaviour,' said one writer,] ''seems wholly opposed to their oonfession, and is anything but w.'iat might be looked for in men about to be tvied for murder. They while away their time in reciting whole plays, or in making speeches at fictitious juries, to the wonder and delight of the people who happen to he , looking through the bars. All this may be simply consummate acting, and it 110 doubt is ; if it is not, they are certainly the most extraordinary characters that were ever confined within the wiudowless ?walls of the Tombs, Frank Bell, on the contrary, is solemn, wakeful and indus trious. His iron bed is littered with papers and tho floor of his cell covered with law hooks. It is said that he is \ going to defend his own case. He is cer tainly well able to do so, ami should his effort be at all commensurate with the thought he is giving it, the habitues of our criminal courts will hear a forensic effort that will take rank with the most wondi'iful intellectual displays of tlie centmy, aud stamp Frank Bell as the peer, if not the master of Eugene Aram, as depicted on trial by the pen of tho gifted Bwlwer.' ' Well, Frank, dear hoy, I am sorry for this, though I feel honored to think that you are cast with ns in the same drama,' said Gilbert, with his hands on his brother's shoulder. 'Call it a tragedy,' said Frank, gloomily, and with a dim appreciation of what his brother was saying. ' Aye, a tragedy, without rehearsal, and with ail the female characters off the stage, and the admission free. We shall have a full house, What do you think, Joe ?' ' I think,' -said Josfinb. ' that the I pieoe will draw ; all the characters are j leading. But tlion we should not feel elated. A dog fight, a cock fight, or ,-« bull fight would biing together as largo a crowd, if the admission were free. Do not understand me as saying that men and women are naturally cruel. I do not think they are; but humanity de lights in the horrible, and a violent death stirs tliein on the stage, or in real life, to the bottom of their hearts, Why, if we three were to be hanged on one scaffold in the largest building in the country to-moriow, and it was known we were going to make dying speeohes, the tickets might be put down at twenty dollars a piece, and yet a tenth of those seeking admission could not be acooninio dated. By the way, a thought strikes me, and as we Americans are a praotioal people I am amazed it has not boen acted on.' ' What is that ?' asked Gilbert. 'Why, when a man is hanged the public should be admitted as tlisy are to the theatres, excepting there should he no deadheads ; then the amount taken in be handed over to the heirs of the viotim,' ' By my word, if that were, the case,' said Gilbert, ' people would hail a violent death in-tliu family as a Godsend, and men — worthless in life— would only have to court a violent end to enrich their survivors — ' . 'Hush!' interposed Frank, 'I can hear no more of this. -I am shocked at your levity.' ? ' Ah ! dear Frank, we ' have often shocked you ; anqyou have often forgiven us. But, dear hoy, we have a greater shook in store for you,' said Joseph, . ' What do ybu mean v ' I cannot tell you dow. We are in our dressing rooms] 'there are men upin the flies and ready to move the wings. The prompter is at his desk, agd his hand is on ±W bell, at' whose clang the curtain will rise. .Wait till'the' curtain is rang down on thelast act. Wait till ' the plaudits cpass to echo oa your effort; then, mayhap, you will understand our levity. But, rise or fall; -sink or swim, survive or. perish, old fellow^. Gilbert and I are with you ; and like as Ruth said to Naomi— or Naomi to Butb, it matters not which — ' Where thou goest we shall go j where thou diest . we shall die, and be buried; thy peopIeshali.be our people and thy God onr God.' ' The foregoing is not literal, but a clu msy paraphrase of , an exquisite -Hebrew poem.' Gradually Frank impressed them with the. seriousness $nd soUmnity of the eituaijon, bnHie aould , not get them. Jto fealk^abbut fche 'tiled, This subject tnly* ' avoided, but not seemingly froi& jiread. Instead they brought uf the incments of ? their early boyhood ; their fishing ex tursions to the pond, and their giraele-is efforts at hunting. Their playing at Robin Hood in the woods near the I Sound. Their boating, aud the first time they discovered that they could swim. Their early school days under the tending of tho crabbcd old Scotchman, Duncan Maclntyre ; the prize that Frank won in the Sunday school for committing to memory the whole book of Numbers. The raid on Fleming's watermelons ; the scrapes and the truancies ; the afflictions and deeds of the past that became matters for laughter in the present. All these things were talked over, until they felt that they were boys again, and the light of the momentous day dimmed the sperm candle sputtering in the tin holder. Early in the morning, indeed before tliey had eateit the breakfast which Ella Marpell had sent them, Judge Leonard came to the prison and gave them his last -instructions before the dreaded trial began. He whispered for a while with Joseph and Gilbert, and Frank noticed they nodded and smiled, but he was pre pared not to bo shocked at anything these remarkable young men did. Long before the hour for opening the court, the spacious room was tilled. Jinny of the people, in order to secure an entrance, if not a seat, had been wait ing since daylight. Triixton's Mills was out in full force. The people, iu convention assembled, had decided not to work that day ; and those who did not come to town — ;md they were principally the women and children — remained in their houses to pray for the success of Frank Bell. ?Seats could have been sold for a work ing maii's monthly wages, but the poorest buGg ou to tliern. The aisles were ( crowded. The bar was packed, and the eager throng poured up and around that ! sanctum sanctorum of justice — the plat- j form occupied by the judge's chair. The gallery swarmed like a hive in June, ' and men and hoys liung over the i-aifing j by a tenacity that was iu direct violation | of tho lawsof gravitation. The reporters were iorceu ouc ot oueir regular positions, or rather they could not reach them, and so had to perch themselves on the window sills, or wherever else they oould find a tooting from which they could hear aud make notes. Ladies comprised an important part of the assemblage, and many of them, with commendable forethought, brought their funoh-baskets with them. It took the presiding judge fully ten minutes to reach his seat after he had forced his way, with the aid of three officers and a clerk, to the court-room. When he sat down the hands of the clock, on the edge of the gallery balcony, pointed to five minutes to teu. Prior to this the people had been shuffling, and coughing, and whispering, and making a noise like the roar of a rising storm. The appearance of the judge produced a death like calm, ' Where are the prisoners 1' the people asked, aud they craned forward to see if they had not reached the crowded bar without being observed, but they oould not discover anyone that looked like a prisoner. One minute to ten, and a confusion took place near the main door, followed by the moving of feet and.tho suppressed hum of many voices, In the main aisle the people crowded back to make room for those advancing. 'Here they come 1' broke from those who had been so anxiously waiting. All eyes were turned to the central aisle. An offioer — using his club asanimple- J ment to threaten and command — broke a way through the crowd, andimmediately after him came Frank Bill, and by his side — clinging to his arm — was a young woman dressed in black, with her mourn ing veil thrown back from her pale, beautiful faoe, and her dark eyes burning with a brave, strong iight. The peoplo instinctively guessed her name, and a murmur of 'Ella Marpell!' ran through the crowded room. After Frank came Gilbert Bell ; and Gilbert had much trouble in pressing through tho throng with Kate Truxton on one arm and his mother on the other. Joseph brought up tho rear, with his mother by bis side, 'Where are Robert and Rachel Trux ton?' asked the people, who, being familiar with the parties, were anxious to see the actors, A glance, or rather a good, steady look into the railed space known as ' the bar,' discovered the brother and sister sitting side by side. The hands of the clock pointed to ten, and the bells in the oity Hall, and at St. Paul's and Trinity, tolled the hour of ton; and the people became so still that the electric revei Iterations went humming through the courtroom for several seconds afterwards. Z'' Order in the court 1' shouted a tipstaff near the judge. ' Order in the court I' shouted a tip staff in the bar. 'Order in the court)' echoed tho youngest but most lusty of tbe tipstaffd, stationed in tbe swarming gallery. ' Silence in tbe court I' cried some official authorized to yell in that awe inspiring place. , The silence of the grave preceded and followed tbe useless request. ' The clerk will read tbe first case on the calendar,' said Ihe judge. The clerk, who had shouted ' silence in the court j' rose, and in the' act' adjusted his spectacles — the, better to read the paper in bis hand: '? The oommon wealth against Frank Bell, Gilbert Belt, and Joseph Xnuton, charged with the m u ier of Tuomas Truxton, of Trux'on't Mills.' 'Who appears for the defence?' asked the judge. ' May it please yoar honor, I do,' said ex- Judge Leonard. The clerk read tbe charge, and asked : ' How do you plead, prisoners at tbe bar ? The three young men rone, and a hoarse mnrmer of admiration and sur prise broke from the vast throng. 'For myself, my brother and my cousin,' said Frank Bell, in a clear, calm voioe, ' I plead, not ouiltv.' The murmur that had been hushed for a moment rose into something like a rear, and tbe people nodded and whispered, though 6ome sneered aud shook their heids. Bat the men from Truxton's Mills, gathered in a body, did not feel tbe constraint of the place, sni so broke into a cheer. ' Of course tb?y ain't guilty,' cricd Lancy Moore. ' Aud they'll prove it,' added Hugh Hausard. if the culprits were seen, they could not be reached. So the tipstaves and the clerks, and many of the people, who felt tliey bad a right to say something, shouted lustily : ' Silence io the court 1' The silence that followed was so per? feci that ovcry ma 1 a id woman hoard his or her own heart bait ; and tliey felt sure that il boat so loud that others must hear it too. The district attorney was a man of fine presence, good address, aud bad that bearing that mou men adopt, or tbut comes to them, when they are confident tbat tho world is watching doubtfully the thing they have under take^ but which they are certain of proving to be right. The district atiorney was nn orator. He was elected to fill tho place ho oocu piod by people impressed with his powers as an orator, but incapable of ju Iging him as a lawyer. He wa- a lawyer, aud a gjod oue. He was of too small a calibre to he n great one, but f.ir his bore, bn wis sure, I steady and accurate. He was a young man, and umbitinus. He bad nut. thought of the right or wrong of this case. It was to him simply the oppor- j tuuity to make a ropu'iuion, and il whs su:h an opportunity as dos* not twice present itself to a mill during an uverage lifetime. He was humid to cou vict, A couviciiou might send the prisoners to the gallows; for that he oared no mord thau :vu ambitious uutcher □light for the animals he slaughters. He was working to get ou the Oench — to he a judge, aud from that to something higher — if not greater. He bad familiarized himself with the casf. As Lancy Moore said during tbe opei?ing speech, ' Ho knew all about it aud a great deal more.' The people were oxcitsd. Tuey were ready io be swayed by the strongest impulse acting ou them. They heard tbi6 man announcing lo the jury — ;yho bad been accepted as th-.-ir uam^s were called — what he proposed to prove ; aud this was so horrible thai it felt as cold in that vast assemblage as if ihe tber inometor had suddenly fallen fifty de grees. If this man proved a tenth ol what be proposed proving, there whs oot the sligUest escape for the prisoners. The mivis of the people feared that he could prove it : and as a consoijueoce, before a witness went on the slaud, the young njen were convicted in tlje hearts of the people, who oame prepared to believe the slightest thing said iu tbeir favor. The first wituess called for the prose cution wq.s 'Rachel Truxton.' She threw back her veil, and going up to the stsnd, she kissed the book meekly, threw her crape veil over her left shoulder, aud fising her watery blue eyes ou Doctor Bajgir, sat down, with a most effective sigh. Rachel bad a good memory, an easy tongue, and a keen appreciation of all the necessities of tbe situation. When asked a question, she was iu no haste to auswer, nor did she manifest other feel ing than regret. She even wept wbeu her evidence boro against Joseph Trux ton, and she tried to avoid u direct answer that involved Frank Bali's character. By the most tedious pumping the district attorney extracted her story, word by word on I sentence by sentence. Aud when she had concluded the faces of tbe throng had become whiter and the aore imuginative saw the prisoners already standing ou the gallows. The cross- examination by Judge Leonard, iottead of shaking her over whelming testimony, strengthened and confirmed it. After Rachel, Robert was called, and save in a few minorpoints, he confirmed what s is bad said. But new matter was introduce!, all beariDg tremendously against the prisoners, and so weighing down tbe hearts of the people. ' I am through with the witness. Cross- examine,' said the self-complacent district attorney to ex- Judge Leonard. 'I do not care to ;'cro66.examine,' said the judge. The bauds of the olook reached tbe hour of half-past twelve, and the pre siding judge said: ' We will adjourn for one hour.' - Some of the people lpft. 'The majority remaiued, _ The prisoners did not stir, nor did their friends, And those who remained felt sar6 that 'they --were look ing oo meu doomed to death — and this fast seemed to fascinate then. ' ? * ? ? ? CHAPTER XXXI. THE GREAT TRIAL ENDS UNEXPECTEDLY. When the trial was resumed in the afternoon tho crowd was, if possible, greater than in the morning. Musses of people gathered outside and looked up at the windows as if spell-bound, or discussed the cuse aud the wild rumors with their friends. ' They say Leonard's ruining the case,' said one. 'Sold out,' said another. „ ' Saltpetre can't save them,' said a third. There were rumors on the streets that the three prisoners had confessed, and thrown themselves on the mercy of the court. There were rumors that Ella Marpell had been married that morqing to Frank Bell in his cell. There were rumors that Robert Trux ton was oonneoted with the crime. In the cotirt-house, however, the trial went on with due formality and increas ing intensity. Doctor Badger swore that he was Robmfc Truxton's family phj'siciau. He knew Fiaulc Hell, and had seen the other prisoners. Had heard the murdered man speak of Bel/ as a dangerous character. Bell had committed a murderous assault on Mr. Robert Truxton. Bell was a fierce, revengeful man. »Saw the remains of Mr. Truxton. Was sure that the body caught in tho net was that of Thomas Pruxtou. No ; he did not make a post mortem examination of tlie remains ; that was not his business ; the coroner should, or could, have done that. Doctor Badgor was a £ood witness, was careful. Re turned his prey eve I up at the ceiling and weighed every answer. He created the imprcs-ion that lie was a very good sort of man. Tho , men from Truxton's Mills did not like him, and some of them came near being ejected for muttering while he was on tho stand. i^x-Judgn Leonard had not been cross- ; examining- the witnesses for the prosecu tion. He nppearod to bequilo indifferent Lo what they said. He did not even take a note, nor object to a question, nor do anything else to show that he was in terested in the case. , ' You can have the witnesss,' said tho district attorney, with a wave of tho nauu, aim a snuie wincli said plainly as words: 'You can't make anything outl of him. You might as well let him go.' Tbe doctor was about to step down when Judge Leonard looked suddenly up, coughed behind his hand, and said : ' Wait a moment.' Badger dropped into the chair again, and pulling his hat over his knee con templated the effect with much compla cency and coolness. ' How old are you ?' asked the ex judge. ' About forty-one,' replied Badger. This was the age he had told Rachel, and now she was watching him with loving interest. ' You call yourself a doctor ' I do, sir.' ' Why do you call yourself a doctor?' ' Because I am a doctor.' ' A doctor of what !' ' Of medicine,' said Bidger, angrily. ' Where did you graduate ?' ' I did'nt graduate. I studied with another man, and with myself — ' ' Have you a diploma or a certificate authorising you to practice medicine ?' asked the ex-judge. 'I didn't know that a | diploma or a certificate was necessary.' ' Of course you didn't. Your know ledge of the law equals your knowledge of medicine. Noiv, Mr. Badger, are you a single man ? ' ' I am, sir.' ' How long have you been single !' ' Always.' ' Never married ?' ' Never.' ' I believe you are engaged to be mar ried to Miss Raohel Truxtou ?' 'Tnat is m.v business.' Tho district attorney objected to this cross-oxamination. ' It is senseless,' he said, 'and shows tbe desperate straits of the defence, Apart from that, it is contrary to tho rules.' ' I have a right to get this man's Statement as to his own standing, I believe Ikuow what I am about quite as well as my learned brother,' said Judge Leonard. ' Well, go ahead. Lst us see what yon are driving at.' Judge Leonard to Badger : ' You are a ' brain doctor,' I believe ?' ' I know a good deal about the brain.' ' Did you ever give it as your opinion tbat Mr. Thomas Truxton was insane V ' Never.' ' Did you ever advise that he be Bent to an asylum ?' ' Never.' ' Do you know of any private insane asylum ? ' ' I think I do.' ' Do you know of one in Hoboken kept by Professor Geber?' Badger turned livid, looked at tbe dis trict attorney, as if imploring his aid, and as no aid came he answered : ' yes,, I. think I do,' 'This is the man, I believe.' Ex Judge Leonard motioned to- the grey haired, stony-faced professor, who now advanced from the orowd. . .' Yes,' stammered Badger, « that's the man.' Now, you say you are not married ?' 'I do.' . ? ' Do you know this lady?' Ex- Judge Leonard motioned aglin, and a tall, pale faced woman entered tbe bar. She was the ' Annie' tbat he had been calling ' sister.' Badger tried to speak, but he could not. He had sent Annie away, and ho supposed that he would never set eyes on her again, but here she was confronting him like Banquo's ghost. He felt like a man who suddenly finds the roek on which he lias been securely standing turning to quicksands. In his desperation he said : j ' That woman has been my house keeper.' ' Is she not your wife 1 Answer, sir !' ' Ye-yes,' gasped Badger, A cry of agony followed the confession, and Rachel Truxton fell from ber chair in a swoon. ' Now, Badger,' continued the ex judge, and he rose to his feet and ad vanced nearer tho witness, ' whore did you last see Thomas Truxton alive?' ' At his own house.' ' You are sure of this ?' ' Certain.' ' You did not see hiin in Hoboken ?' 'No.' ' Do you know a hack driver named Jacobs ?' ' I do.' ' Is this the man ?' asked the ex-judge, pointing to a rough -lookiug man near by. ' Yes.' ' Now, do you swear that you last saw Mr. Thomas Truxton at bis own house ?' This question was asked in a tone that rang through tho hushed assembly like a bugle blast. All eyes were fastened on the purple face of the witness. ' What 1 you won't answer i' ' I — I — I can't,' gasped Badger. ' Have you done with him ? ' asked tho district attorney, hie airy manner all gone. ' Yes ; for the present,' said Lawyer Leonard. ' You can step down,' said the district attorney to Badger. Badger clutch od his hat and was about to push his way through tho throng when Judge Leonard called out; ' Arrest that man.' 'On what authority f asked the pre siding judge. 'On the authority of this warrant, charging Ezra Badger with abduction and J.' nil* i |'UJ.UO!= IAJ add the crime of perjury whioh he has just committed in your honor's presence' A hum of delight ran through the vast assembly, and the people noticed that Robert Truxton was ashy white, and that hesivayed his body like a drunken man. ' Call the next wituess,' said the pre siding judge ; his face showing that he bad not escaped the cxcitement of the occasion. ' Tom Lipp !' shouted tbe district attorney. Tom Lipp pressed through tbe crowd, slouched up to the witness-chair and was sworn, ' Looks as if hanging would be too good for him,' was the general comment on Tom Lipp's appearance. In answer to the first question he said : j 'My name's Thomas Lipn, alias Thomas Badger ; I'm a brother of tbat fellar that calls himself a doctor.' ' What is your business?' asked the district attorney, somewhat startled by the allusion to Badger. ' I've been n thief, but for the last year I've give all my time to private de tectin', and I've been employed and paid by Bob Truxton. Me and Eph — ' ' Hold 1' cried the district attorney, angrily. ' I do not want you to volun teer information. Answer the questions I put to you.' ' Well, fire away,'' said Tom Lipp, crossing his -short legs an 1 looking quiz zically at the lawyer. ' Now, Lipp, I want you to tell the jury, in your own language, and as briefly as possible, your connection with this case,' ' All right, Squire. Well I suppose I might as well begin at tbe beginning?' 'Go on, sir,' said the presiding judge. ' You are not here to ask questions, but to answer them.' 'Well: Robert Truxton, 'bout a year ago, met me in tho city at his wife's house ; bis wife aster be a servant in his father's family, and he wan'ed to keep tho thing hushed, 'cause he was uiakin' love to Miss — ' 'Never mind that, sir,' said the now furious district attorney. ' Then I won't say nothink 'bout his wife, though I see hor out there in the crowd. Well, he told me ho wanted to run Frank Bell and Joseph Truxton into tho ground, and him and me put. up the job to rob the safe in his father's house and fix tilings so that it would look as if the Bells did it — '' ' I object to this I' cried tho district attorney. ' What,' asked Lawyer Leonard, ' do yon object to your own witness?'' 'The man has deceived me.' ' You have deceived yourself,' said Judge Leonard, *vith a meaning smile. 'Tbe prosecution rests here for the present,' said the now desperate district attorney, ' Yes, and for all time,' responded Leonard. ' Call your witnesses for the defence,' said the presiding judge. ' May it please your honor, before calling a witness I intend to state : my case, as is customary, and after that 'I think tlie court will agree that witnesses are unnecessary.'- - . ; lie. ?„ : ^To '4he amazement ajf-;*he mart} 'ihe people^ and morepaitioularly the wretohes who had carried on the conspiracy, judge Leonard told his story. ' Frank Bell was astounded at the re velation, but Gilbert and Joseph seemed to have had a previous knowledge of what was coming. It soon became evident that Tom Lipp and Lawyer Hicks, for tho sake of gain rather than from any desire to do right, had betrayed their partners in crime. Lawyer Leonard laid bare the con spiracy, beginning at the first, and going I on step by step, with affidavits and letters to fortify the position which he was ready to sustain with more convincing proof. ' At tho instance of Robert Xnixlon and his sister Rachel, this terrible crime was perpetrated . They had a two-fold motive iu becoming pirricidps, and in tho case ot Robert, a three-fold motive. They wanted to keep their father from becom ing reconciled — no, not reconciled, but from living with the wife who had always loved him and from whom they had suc ceeded in estranging him. When they learned that tliey could not do. this they conspired with two unprinciph d quacks to put their father iu an ins me asylum, and being there, tbey desired his death. Mr. Thomas Truxton's fortune was the princi pal motive. Next to this was Robert Truxton's hate of Frank Bell, and his desire to bring to his door the awful crimes which he himself conceived an! committed.' Here the judge, with an attention to detail that was absolutely thrilling in its interest, laid bare the whole plot up to the night when Thomas Truxton disap peared. And as lie went on he stated so clearly the proof on which he based and proposed to provn his statements, that judge and jury and people were already convinced, yet they could oot bear to have him stop. 'In the private mad-house in whioh Robert Truxton confined his father was an cccentric actor, a friend of Joseph Truxton. He lirard the old gentleman's story and believed it. When this actor recovered from his delirium, induced by excessive drink, he was released, and he at once determined to bring Thomas Truxton's case to the attention of the authorities. He knew Tom Lipp, and to him he told tho story, Lipp sought out Hioks — a member of the bar, I be lieve and they [decided lo work for tba reward that was offered for tbe missing man's body and at tbe same lime to clear themselves. Aided by Audio Badger, WIIB U1 HJO OU-UOJICU I.UOVUI, .ucjr ceedcd in getting Mr. Truxton oil of tha asylum. They knew that ho was as s≠ as yoa or I, but they were at a loss what to do with him. Tuey fortunately placed him io the charge of an old irieiid, Doctor Cameron, on condition that he should keep the mattsr secret until the plot of the conspiracy was developed. Knowing the anxiety of Robert Truxtoa for his fathor's death, they took the old man's clothes and placed them on a body tbat was abou', to bo sent to the dissectiug-room from the morgue. Tbey mutilated tbe body, and tied tbe bands with a handkerchief ou which tbey bad written Frank Bali*:, name. Tnen they took that body, in the night-time, and deliberately placed it in tlio nets of tbe fishermen, that bad bean adjusted es pecially to receive it. The second arrest of Frank Bell followed, and as a conse quence be a:j-l his brother and his cousin are now on trial iu this court — '' ' But the man — Mr. Thomas Truxton — what becamc of him ?' aslted the presi ding- judge, forgetling his judicial position in his intense anxiety. ' Aye,' shouted Hugh Hansard from the gallery. ' Wat's become o' tho ole niaister ?' ' It is thought,' continued Lawyer Leonard, ' that Mr. Thomas Truxton is sleeping on the bill that lool»s down on his own mills. But thanks to a merciful Heaven, he is alive and well.' ' Alive and wcli 1' came in a gasp front, the people. 'Alive aid well!' repeated Judge Leonard, his voice rising to the very acme of exultation. There is no longer need for disguise, Mr. Truxton. Our purpose is accom plished. Rise and gladden the* hearts of those who love you, and the people who think yon dead !' A man, who had been .sitting in a cor ner rose and advanced into the middle of tho bar. Ho threw offjWis cloak, and dashing to the ground his false beard and wig, Thomas Truxton Btood revealed to the people. For some seconds the silence was so intense, so profound that the ticking of the' court clock could be heard. The men from Truxtod's Hfiifs were : tho first to recover. : . Led by Lancy Moore, they broke into a cheer, deep, long,' and exultant. Others « : a took ' it qp ; and it rang and echoed 3 through the dense masses outside, J Mrs. Truxton and Kate had their I arms about him,, and Joseph seized his .1 hand and wept over it. ; . , 1 1 . Ella fell on her knees befprp Prank and 9 clung to him with a cry of joy lialfragony vfl in its intensity. * -'/!!! m Gilbert's arms were about hia mother fl The presiding'judge wiped his eyes and - ® tapped for order, ' ' The tipstaffs shouted ' order in thejgfl court 1' But there 5 were tears in jthei]^H / Unable to suppress the uproar, fbr|he|H jury were wipiog their eyes and strahge|||H wereshaking-hahds 'old'friends,'^tfiM^B presiding judge (declared s th e: co art';a^^^| .'There' ^iiever.'^Tas -a jess forrnal reIeasM^| There' never iwa-j,;» ; -^sc;that^|ihded^^^| nnexpectedly,-.soyihEppily,[:V;'Thbtigfi^^^^B attempt made freemen. ' I. g|jj|g As 111 ej went down lo tlie street, the crowd swarmed around them, aud thou sands of hands witc outstretched to greet tbeni. The news ran faster than tho wildest fro tiiat ever saitcd, and the city was lliriiied—deligiiud at the mult. And (lie number of men who had prophesied Fomcthing of the kind was really remark able. Carriages were called, and into one got Tliomss Truxton, his wife, Kate and Jpscpli. Another was occupied by Prank it)!, Lis mother, Ella Marpell and Gil bert.''' Judge Leonard and Doctor Cameron occupied tlie next oue, aud oil they drove lo Truxton's Mills. After tbev got outside of the streets the carriages wore slopped by avast con course of people - the operatives from the ?mills. These people took the horses out of all the carriages and fastened ropes to the tongues and axles. Hugh Hansard assumed command of one, Lancy Moore of another, and Rogev Mason of tlie third. Then away they went with songs aud shouts of gladness. All the bells were clanging, and all the whistles screeching with joy at the mills. All ihe dogs and children were out to add to the happy din, aud they joined the procession that escorted the missing man lo his home. CHAPTER XXXII. 'iiik « rioivv the ccr.T.uy.'' Years have passed since the incidents recorded in the last chapter transpired, and before the eurtaiu is rung down on tlie story of Bell the Blacksmith it remains only to point to the present condition of the characters in which we have been so much interested. Doctors Badger aud Mullet were tried and sent to prison, where the former died near tiie close of bis first year. The latter lias still a year to serve, and when his time expiree other charges arc ready that will keep him in the penitentiary for lite. After Badger's death Tom Lipp mar ried his widow, and with the money ob tained from Mr. Truxton he went West, but it is doubtful if he ever became a very honest man. Robert Truxton was arrested the day of Frank's trial, and the following morn ing he was found dead in his cell. It was ?noticed (hat the wrist-band of liis shirt was half-eaten off, and an examination of that article showed that morphine had been kept between the waterproof f. lds, and that he had extracted it and so died by his own hands. Rachel never recovered from her swoon. It is doubtful if she ever realized that her father was alive. She was sent to an asylum for tbe insane, where she imagined herself to be Oneen Victoria, and so worried over getting wives for her sons and husbands for her daughters that she lost all strength, and died, her last words being. ' My name's Badger. ' Mr. Thomas Trnxtou soon recovered his strength : indeed, tbe people at the mills, some of whom have known him for a generation, declare that he is younger and belter-looking to-day than tbey ever knew him to be. He is certainly a'better, a more lovable man. He interests him self in his people, and he is the presideut of their society ; and the sick or afllicted find his purse open, and his wife ever ready to help them and nurse them. He was much disappointed that Joseph did not give up the stage, but two things have transpired to reconcile hiui to that young man's infatuation, Joseph has made a world-wide fame, and lie could make a fortune if he desired ; and in the second place, Gilbert Bell has married his pretty cousin, Kate, and is now devoting himself to tbe mills. The firm name is the same, ' Truxton and Son,' only that Gilbert is a son-in-law. Frank Bell and Ella are married, and living at the Marpell mansion; with them is the dear, brave mother, now the happy grandmother of a very considerable family. Frank ' hung on lo hie profession.' He laved it, and two years ago he was elected to the bench, as every one knows, without a dissenting vote. He is pointed to as a model for young men to imitate. He is beloved by all who know him : and he Jives to do good. All the recent male babies at Truxton's Mills are named after him ; and his old friends lovingly speak of him as ' Bell the Black smith.' THE ESD. The New York papers state that Hanlan has issued a cbaliange in New York to meet anybody in tbe world for any amount up to 10,000 dollars, and beat bim 15 seconds ; any race growing ont of the challenge to be rowed at Toronto, Canada. Elastic Shit Abmodb. — Mr. William Stebley, of Manqnin, Va,, has invented what ho claims to be a valuable armour for ships. The armeur is elastic, and consists in alternate layers of stei-1 or iron plates us preferred, and a system of *ubber cushions and spiral springs. These springe and cushions act as a support to Ibe plates in resisting tbe force of the projectiles. The principle involved in the contraction of tbe armour in tbiB manner appears to be that the elasticity given to tbe plates by tbe rubber and spring work is of sncb n nature as will enable the plates to resist tbe impending blow of tbe ball, &o.;, tbe whole-armour of the ship's side giving way Jn tlie manner of a spring, bd tbat the force of the blow may be broken, and distributed over the entire surface, Stebley claim* tbat tbe armour can be used on vessels other than for war pur poses. To Find tan Time of Sukmse. — Tbe time of sunrise depends upon the lati tilde, and if you allow yourself too much latitude in lying in bed in tbe morning you will never find the time of V:. . sunrise at all. A visit to a ball where \- tbe dancing is kept up with the utmost ?; - . latitude will be most likely to introduce ; you to tbe exact hour of sunrise. x '? Br. the Carb.' — Waiter — ' Which ?i. ? -%H1 you bave, sir — a threc-and-sixpeany &?'-' or a five-shilling dinner?' Gourmand — !»?) . ?' What is the difference?' Waiter — ii ? ' There is a difference of eighteenpence, ' - ?' ; ?-/ sir.' 