SUNDAY IN THE SUBURBS. SUNDAY MORNING. Almost before lopened my eyes I felt somehow that it was Sunday morning. There was a sense of perfect calmness and repose about me which was more pleasing to feel than easy to describe, and nature seemed to know as well as I did that the day of rest had come round again, for there was a bush over everything, and all the flowers lay basking in the sunshine, and the wind went whispering through the tree-tops with a soft low murmur like a chant, ana never a bird made merry music anywhere, but the bees went hamming drowsily from flower to flower and the butterflies flitted idly by. Brown, the carpenter, who lives on the opposite side of the road, was about as usual, and I regret to say making a noise as usual. Heis, and always was, a noisy man, and what you would call an airy man. He romps with his children, he romps with his dog, he is always driving the fowls ont of his front garden or pelting the cattle in the road with stcnes, and this morning I can see him scrubbing hiB neck and arms in a bucket,*and making more noise about it than if he had.been grooming a horse. One of his youngsters is clinging to his leg, and he is making playful kicfes at it; and another is standing at the door with its nightgown on, munching a crust, and a big cat rnbbing itself agaimt the child's -bare legs, and four or five inquisitive fowls hovering aronnd and fighting over the crumbs. Even Brown doesn't eeem in a hurry this morning, and having given his head a final dip iu the bucket drys bis hair so vigorously with a jacktowel as to lead to tbe suspicion that he will mb himself bald ; and by-8nd-by his wife comes to the door with a frying pan in one hand and a foik in the other, and shouts that the bacon is getting cold, and then for the first time he hurries, because he is a little bit afraid of his wife, and knows from past experience that delays are dangerous, and that her temper warms in the sime ratio as the meal grows cold. This view into Brown's back yard must be shut ont, or Mrs. Brown's supremacy may be emulated elsewhere. How pleasant it is when sitting down to breakfast to remember that there is no need to hurry in order to get to the office; to feel no anxiety about the children being in time for school, and to lazily sip one's coffee, taking no count of the clock. And then the comfort of sitting quietly in one's garden chair with your old felt hat and slippers on, smoking a morning pipe and watching the children romping round the paths or reluctantly answering their mother's call to u Get ready for Soon alter 10 o'clock the calm of the day is broken by the tinkling of the many bells that call all pious souls to prayer. These bells are a great nnisance: they make nothing but discords ; they are mostly cracked; there is no time or tune about them. What a contrast to the sweet peals that most of us remember to have fallen upon our childish ears in never-to-be forgotten times when we were in our old homes far beyond the sea; how the music of the bells echoed and re-echoed across the peaceful land, and flung oat their gladsome challenges to each other from many an ivy-covered steeple, and promoted hoiy thought and gladsome hope and lured the wanderer to the sanctuary and the wearied one to prayer; but here the bells jar on one'B feelings as clanging with indecent baste or dreary slowness they vie with one another in breaking in upon the quietude of the day and ruffle the feelings and harass the mind. Of what possible UEe to anybody these tin-kettle arrangements can be I have yet to learn; perhaps the idea is to weary one with this life and so cause you to reflect on the life to come. Everybody feels that it is Sunday without having his ears deafened with the din of the horrid bells, and everybody has either a watch or a clock, and krows well enough what the time is without the aid of these consecrated instruments of torture. I never goto church on Sunday morning, and my friend Jones np the streat has the same fctathenish practice. When both households have departed to their several places of worship (his fcicilv are strict church-goers, whilst mine are rigid Konconfcrmists), we usually get together ctd dtwdle aicnnd the garden or datgie our Ie£S over the fence and compare notes oa the past week's history. Jones is a great gardener, t'.td .is always ravjrg about slugs; hehas genenlly a pitilul tale to tell of how his " Hiss Bi ker," or" General Grant," or some otter f&vcuiite; geranium or fuchsia or verbena has been riddled with holes or nipped in the crown or in the icot by .slugs or wireworm or blight, end he talks as thongh all the plagues o£ Bgypt had been let Icose in bis garden. We seldom touch njoii religious matters, because ho has a grsafc contempt for ray creed and doesn't like to wound my feelings by Epeaking of it, and he says sometimes in a plajiul soit of way that he means to get as much of my society in this world as he can, because there will be no chance of our meeting in the next. And really unless he alters & good deal I fear there won't be; but somehow I uon't think be looks upon it in quite the same light as I do. When Proctor was here Jotes went to his lectures and came home quite dispirited. He said he didn't know the universe was half as vast as it seemed to be, and that with all the worlds upon worlds whirling round in space of which science spoke, all guided and watched over by the One great intelligence, whom no man had seen or can see, it made him feel so small and insignificant in his own eyes as to lead him tto wonder whether after all his life was of any value or at all regarded by the Mighty Maker and Ruler of all things. The loneliness that springs from over self-depreciation had got bold of him, and he consulted his clergyman without deriving any satisfaction from that quarter, and eaid he was only set on the right track by hearing one of. his little children lisping its evening prayer to its mother, and confidently asking " Our Father which art in heaven" for those necessary things which His Son taught ns all to petition for. But he couldn't bring himself to believe the theory about the Moon being a dead world. " Such an unpleasant kind of idea, you know," he said, " to feel that a miserable old ghost goes rolling along every night over one's head, staring down upon yon, takes all the poetry out of the Moon, doesn't it ? And, then, what becomes^of that beauulji?} thought of Shelley 'a— § jgj That orbed maiden, with wliite[fire laden, Whom mortals call the Koon ' I " * sometimes we get up quite a warm discussion on politics. Jones says it is a singular coincidence with regard to our politicians that the " clever ones are not respectable, and the respectable -ones are not clever," and that the country is drifting into hopeless debt and muddle. He is very sweeping in his denunciations, and often utters libels enough in five minutes to afford cause for fifty actions at law. Be says the present Ministry haven't any hears in their work, and only stay in to spite the other j fellows. Kow, I swear by them, for they made my wife's brother a Crown Lands Kanger, ard gave my boy Tom a billet in the Custcms. But enough of all this. Let us watch the people going to church. I wonder hew it is that children like to attend services they cannot understand. How proudly tha little ones toddle along by their parents' side, snd how carefully they carry the big hymnbctk if entrusted with it. Some families march along in a group, treading on one another's heels ; some tail out one behind the other in a scrt of Indian file, the stragglers now and then brocght to a sense of their position by the sharp reprimand of the seniors. Some mothers go sailing alcng beaming and happy, at peace with themselves and all the world, gcod, kiiidly, pious souls, with a jewel of a cook at home to see alter the Sunday dinner, and a well-to-do husband at their side to pay the drapery bills, i Their little children cluster about them, and | almost fifeht for the privilege of holding their hsnd ; whilst Tom, the oldest boy, who gees to Colicge arid sports a College cap, and is rude and boorish to everybody else, i3 gentla and cousio'ertue to the " Mater," as he calls her, because he inows that she would give her life for him. Hut look on the other side of the street: there cces an amicus, fretful woman and her children. How ehe shepherds thera, and watches them. Charlie gets iuto the mud; Emma bites her gloves; and Willie straggles into the damp grass. Like a hen with a brood of ducks that will go into the water, she fumes and fusses, and takes no rest. And even after she has piloted them safely into church, she will twig their hair and pull their cars, end shake her head and frown at them because they do not sit like statues, and just behave like little children as they are. Can that be Mary Martin going acroBS,the road ? It only seems yesterday that she was a tiny maiden sitting on my knee. How^theee young girls do grow, to be sure! Mary has just developed Ircm the short-dress stage into the long-dress era; "and doesn't she look proud with her new toggery ? How she has been longing for Sunday ever since that dress came home, and what a lot of anxiety Bhe has experienced about that pretty new hat. The milliner promised that it should be sent out on Friday, bnt it didn't come, and Mary was vexed, although not alarmed; but when Saturday evening came matters seemed approaching a crisis, and as hour after hour passed the agony became intense, and it was long after all hope had been abandoned that a knock was heard at the door, and a small boy delivered the precious band-box into Mary's trembling hands. .3heie goes a Deacon of one of the Churches. He makes a regular task of his itSijiior. end is is much occupied on the Sunday rs on ej.'j oti:er day: be puts the people idt i Fcttf : lie gees round with the plate : he teache i ;n tl.'e Suuooy-school; hs is "always bustlin; dlcut dciig something, acd h-m-ies along a' tL-ovih lie were late for the tr:iiu. I hope s. frroo i'if.1 of good is being done ia my suburb. U I. ere always seems to be a lot of people busying llumsi'lvcs about other people's soals. ani a ceiistpnt want of fnccs to fiyht the Devil wirh. He- is f.n espensive luxury, nnd I wish he w.viid go, bnt he troii'fc. "Perseveringfellow tli.it. Junos ss's he is bound to have me ultimately, nul<-ss I subscribe to tee Thirty-nine Articles. Seems to me I am always " subscribiFg" to something or other. 