FASHIONS IN LIPS. 44 The Bongo women" (says Schweinfurth) 44 delight in distinguishing themselves by an adornment which to our notion is nothing less than a hideous mutilation. As soon as a woman is married, the operation com- mences 01 extending ner lower up. xnis, at first only slightly bored, is widened by in serting into the orifice plugs of -wood, gradu ally increasing in size, until at length the entire feature is enlarged to five or six times its original proportions. The plugs are cylin drical in form, not less" than an inch thick, and are exactly like the pegs of bone or wood worn by the women of Musgoo. By this means toe lower lip is extended horizontally till it projects tor above the upper, which is also bored and fitted with a copper plate or nail, and now and: then by a little ring, and sometimes by a bit of straw, about as thick as a lueifer-match. Nor do they leave the nose intact ; similar bits of straw are in serted into toe edges of the nostrils, and I have seen as many as three of these on each side. A favourite ornament for the cartilage between toe nostrils is .a copper ring, just like those that are placed in toe nose of buffa loes an<Lother beasts of burden for the pur pose of rendering them tractable. The greatest coquettes among the ladies wear a clasp or cramp at the corners of the month, as though they wanted to contract the orifice, and literally to put a curb upon its capabilities. These subsidiary ornaments are not, however, found at ail universally among the women, and it is rare to see ftpm all at once upon a single individual ; toe plug in the lower lip of the married women is alone & s me qua nan, serving as it does for an artificial distinction of race." — Popular Science Monthly for October. The proper implement for flooring a ghost : A spirit-level. 44 You don't seem to have made much money by bringing your hogs down here," was the casual remark of a bystander to a speculative agriculturist who had driven bis hogs seven miles to toe market town and sold them for precisely what was offered him before he left home, 44 Well, no," said the agriculturist pensively, 44 1 hain't made no money ; bat then"— brightening up— 44 you know I had the company of the hogs on the way down." 