THE Government Reform Bill will pass through its third reading in the Assembly to-night, and to-morrow it will be duly laid before the Council. All hope, therefore, of defeating this bill in the Lower House has departed from the Conservative party, and attention is now turned to the Upper House to see what -can be done with it in that Chamber. The first tilt that will be made at it will be of a constitutional or technical kind. It will be contended that the bill should have-been laid before that House first; and no doubt some very interesting, though quite gratuitous, arguments will be adduced favor of this thesis. Supposing the bill to tide over this initiatory struggle,' then we shall have the provisions vigorously assailed, and no stone will be left unturned to get them materially altered. The prospects of this bill in the Upper House are, therefore, any thing but of the Itest, and it will be an agreeable surprise indeed if it should lie carried. This is the plan of operations, at all events, which the Conservatives say tliey intend to pui- sue; and it remains to be seen what success, or otherwise, will reward or mar their exertions. 2fow, if the Conservatives were wise in their day and generation, c they would endeavor to obtain veiy d ifferent treatment for this measure. i They would do all they could to induce l the Council to pass it, without raising any technical points, and with little or a no amendment. They would do this, because its provisions contain principles which cannot for any time be effectually resisted. These provisionsare essentially democratic; and no matter who dislikes it, or who feels favorably towards it, democracy is bound, sooner or later, to get the best of the struggle. For democracy is the great entity of the age in which we live; and there is no more putting it down, no more checking its full development, than the sun can be stopped from shining upon the earth, or the diurnal motion of the earth can be altered or prevented. The people may be worried, and even thwarted, for a tune—but for what end ? Simply to create exasperation, where nothing should prevail but the best of feeling. TI.e more the advance of democracy is resisted, the keener will be the dislike which will spring np against those who are at the bottom of the resistance, just the same as the less the progress of democracy is stemmed the kindlier will be the feeling aroused for those persons who, while disliking it strongly, yet make no effort to resist its advancement. By passing the Government Reform Bill, the Council would, therefore, keep all classes on the best of terms with each other; and tliig being so palpably the case, the interests of its own friends would clearly be best consulted by passing this measure through all its stages with little or no cliange in its provisions. For so sure as the Council mangles the Government Reform Bill, -whether by technical points, or by straight out amendments, so sure will a bitter prejudice spring up throughout the colony towards the Council's own class; and it will then be all the worse for its own friends when the provisions which the bill containsare carried. For carried they are bound ff) be, if not now at no distant time in the future; since there is no more resisting the progress fit democracy which those provisions illustrate, than the world can be shifted from its axis. What says CARLYLE on this point, an authority which not the most pronounced Conservative will venture to traverse. He says this; and the Council would do well to lay these sentences to heart when considering the Government Reform Bill " Universal democracy, whatever we may think of it, has declared itself as an inevitable fact of the days in which we live, and he who has any chance to instruct or lead in his.days, most begin by admitting that;. and new anarchies, must return and return, again till governing persons everywhere know and admit that That the world does believe it, tbat even kings now as good as believe it, and know, or, with great terror, surmise, that they are bat temporary phantasms, play-actors, and that democracy is the gland, imminent,' and indispufeable reality - . . . .. is a full «f .-hope, -a sign that -SRe ard .advancing closer aim doser to the veiy ifrbblem ^tself, whi<^ it i«raU beho*»^M o solve or die—that all fighting ad campaigmng and coalldonisg in egard to the fexJBbence o£ lie problem, Is hopeless and superfluous henceforth. Hie gods have appointed it so . . . democracy sure enongh is here . . . the tramp of its million feet is on all the streets and thoroughfares, the sound of its thousandfold -voice is in all writiBgs and speakings, in all thinkings and Bsodes and activities of men, and die soulthat does not view with hope or in terror discern it, is not the one we address on this occasion," CARLYLE •was no lover of democracy; indeed he •was quite the reverse.. But at the same time he felt that democracy had arisen, and was spreading its wings all over the world, and it was amply the height of madness, therefore, to attempt to prevent it attaining to its full fruition. On this account he wrote the above remarks, and others of the same nature. He penned them warning to all those bodies and individuals who try to stem the progress of democracy, so that his advice should prevent them from taking a course whicti would sooner or later involve them in disaster and ruin. And, as a warning to the Council at this juncture, CARLYLE'S remarks may well be cited. They tell the Council in trumpet tongue to pass the Reform Sill as it stands, because democracy desires it, and because when democracy insists upon having a certain thing done it is bound sooner or later to succeed with its effort. .For democracy, as we have said, and as CARLYLE has also said, is the movement of the age; and, although its demands may be checked for a time, they cannot be for long resisted. For the Council, then, to deal adversely with the Government Reform Bill, in order to strive against democracy, for that would be the real meaning of action of this sort, would be a course injurious alike to itself and its fiiends, without the advantage of even permanent success being added to its labors. The plan for the Council to pursue then in this case is very clear. It is to pass the GovemmentReform Bill, without any technical objections, or any vital amendment; and to do all this in the best of spirit and feeling. No other course than fin's will be wise; for no other course than this will be beneficial to the Count o t o a _ ell's own immediate friends, ' or redound j to its own advantage. We hope the j Council will lay CARLYLE'S advice to heart, and act upon it during the next few days, for it is no less interesting than it is instructive. ATTENTION is again directed in our columns—by means of a letter which appeared in our yesterday's issue—to the sewing girls' question, the complaint being that the old practice of keeping girls at work up to a late hour of the night is being continued in some places of business in this city. On this occasion it is not the employers who are charged with the wrong. The persons in charge of the workrooms are accused of breaking the law in this manner, through keeping the work back during the day, and at about five o'clock in the afternoon giving it out, aud compelling die gills to finish it all up before quitting the scene of their labors. It is a matter of no consequence to us who are the immediate cause of this state of things. If, as alleged, the fault lies with the persons in charge of the rooms, then the employers are j ust as open to attack as their p-mpfoyes, indeed more so, because it is the duty of the former to see that the latter comply with the law as it stands, and do not in any way violate its conditions. What solely oncerns us is that a wrong is being one in some of the places of business n this city in this way, although the aw is dead against anything of the kind occurring. And we must really sk those proprietors who allow the law to be broken in this manner in their establishments, how they can justify such a proceeding. If a person were to enter their shops and loot their tills, they would at once send for the police, and be greatly horrified at the breach of the law committed. And yet they allow the law to be broken in their own workrooms, and are quite surprised that anybody should interfere with their actions' Is this logical or is it just? We opine that it is neither, for breaking the law is breaking the law, whether it be a theft that has taken place, or a violation of the law relating to the employment of labor that is involved iu the occurrence. Certainly, there is a difference in degree; but there is no difference in principle; and it is principle alone that one needs to consider in a matter of this character. The law expressly forbids girls from being kept employed both night and day in the workrooms ; and, therefore, a proprietor who breaks this law, whether by himself or by proxy, does a great wrong, and justice is not done when he escapes punishment for his malpractice. We hoped that this evil had come to an end through the strong feeling that was expressed some time since against its continuance. It had scandalised the whole community by the premature deaths caused to two or three young girls, and by the manifest impairment of health which otbers suffered. But it seems the wrong was scotched not killed, for- at this late hour of the case we find it rise up again like a ghost to haunt the whole city by its appearance. All this ib £L manifest injustice to the girls themselves, as well as a marked insult to the Legislature; and any employer of labor guilty of an act having these results, deserves to be punished with all the rigor of the law provided for the purpose. It is too bad altogether that the health of these young girls should be injured by over-work, or by over-long hours,' in not usually tl|e healthiest of places; and it is still worse' that this should be done by persons who claim to be the most profound respecters of law and order, although they are seemingly as ready to break the law as persons of much inferior reputation when it suits their pockets to do so. There is something grossly inconsistent in all this; and there is also something grossly wrong in such conduct. 'Exposure in these columns generally has the effect of patting down the evil for a time; and thus some good is done by the publicity which these cases receive. - Bat no permanent good will be effected until the girls themselves give information to the police of every breach of the law in this respect, and thus enable the police to bring the wrong- 'doers to justice.; Aiod this step can always be taken Without the informant being ib Any'way mixed np with the mve, therrfoi^ ithe iemedy-reaUy in heir own hands; and, if they would nly apply it, we, venture to say here would soon .-be a final end put to the eviL In the meantime, however, we must say that employers f female labor who beep their, girls, or llow their girls to be kept, working beyond the proper hours, do a great wrong; and no language would be too strong to denounce such conduct. Such a practice is against the law, and also opposed to all humanising instincts; and, therefore, anything more objectionable, however viewed, of the kind, could scarcely be committed. We hope no further cause will anse for these complaints" to be made, for they are alike unworthy the tradesmen implicated, and discreditable to the district. It was reported to the police on Sunday night that a woman named Johanna Reidy but recently released from the Ararat Lunatic Asylum on probation, had threatened to drown herself in Lake Wendonree, and bad gone in that direction The police could find nothing of her on Sunday night, but yesterday a constable searching for her upby the lake caught sight of her. She, too, saw him, and immediately ran into the lake, but she was soon captured, and brought in to the city lock-up. Hie poor unfortunate has a mania for destroying things, especially glassware, aud she was so violent in the ceil that it was found necessary to put a straightjacket on her. Wc publish in another column the opinions of the three Melbourne papers on Mr John Victor's musical entertainment^ given in Melbourne last Saturday, because the Argm has thought fit to write most disparagingly of his efforts That Mr Victor does not deserve the all-round stringent remarks of the Argus, will be seen by tbi following letter, received yesterday from a competent critic by a resident of this city:—" I really think Mr John Victor will make a sensation. Hie has a splendid, powerful, ani flexible voice, which is even in its quality in all parts of the register, and he seems to have it well under control. His gestures and attitudes seemed exaggerated and affected to our English eyes: bnt I have no doubt they were quite correct, as it was Italian opera {arias from Bellini and Rossini) he was illustrating. For the last number he substituted a ballad, in which he did not shine nearly so well as in Italian opera. His rendition of the aria from '11 Barbierc di Siviglia' was remarkably effective. The effect of the firet number was marred to some extent by his having the book in his hand, from which he sang now and then. I noticed among the audience—which was select, fashionable, critical, and musical —Mr Edeson, David bee, Signor Cecchi, and another Italian, whose name I forget; Madame Eosina Carandini, Mr gamble, Mr A. T. Turner, and many other professionals. 1 overheard expressions of pleasure and spi Phnirn roval mwI on 1,11 sides i-1. - when -tf i I going —X J.1. out - I should L* ^ ^ ^ f ^ f ^ J ™ ^ A good story is told of a poacher who re eently was very much surprised by fishing out of the Mooiabool the other day something else than that which he was looking for. It appeared that he had been in the habit of what is termed "tickling" the trout for some time past in shallow water, and on this occasion pnt his band underneath a stone where he expected to catch hold of some fish. He did catch a fish, as he thought, but on bringing it above the water lie found that his hand had grasped a large black snake, which he released more quickly than he at first anticipated. The poacher has determined that this sort of thing v.ill not occur sgaiu to him, and he now is an advocate of fair fishing. We hope this will be a caution to poachers in future, who perhaps may not have the same good fortune as tile one just alluded to. A lau named Alfred Cray was made an example of at the Town Police Court yesterday for baring behaved himself in an insulting manner in Main street on Friday evening last The defendant was fined £10, iu default three months' imprisonment. The fine was not paid. A charge against him for haiing assaulted one Alfred Hardy was withdrawn, as the prosecutor did not appear. Mr W. Scott, ex-mayor of Ballarat East, who has been for over twenty years connected with all the principal public movements which have a place iu the history of the town, was made last night at the Buck's Head hotel, the recipient of an address and a purse of 200 guineas, presented him by the townspeople in some recognition of his long and valuable services as a public man and townsman. There was a large attendimce of gentlemen representing the principal local bodies, and others, and Councillor A. James, on behalf of the town and the subscribers (numbering 180), made the presentation. A report of the proceedings will be found elsewhere in our columns. Mr David Cooke, auctioneer, was successful in disposing of a villa residence, situated in Eaglau street north, by public auction : yesterday, to Mr George West for £350. There was a blank charge-sheet attheCity Police Court yesterday morning. Jacob Edwards, on remand, was brought up at the Town Police Court yesterday on a charge of having stolen a silver watch and chain, the property of one George Gordon, a resident of Mount Cole. The bench committed the prisoner to take his trial at the General Sessions, to be held at Ballarat on the 7th April next. Bail was refused. Mr F. M. Claxton yesterday submitted to auction the premises, in Lydiard street, occupied as offices by Messrs Fisken and Gibson, James and Creber, and others. The building, however, was bought in at £2000. Meetings of publicans, brewers' travellers, and others connected with the trade were held last night at the Edinburgh Castle and Craig's hotels, for the purpose of arranging for a cricket match. The attendance at both meetings was good, and the match was fixed for Saturday next at the Eastern Oval, at eleven a.m. All matters in connection with the match were arranged satisfactorily, and it is anticipated that the game will be a most enjoyable cr.e. To wiiat uses churches may be applied is shown by the fate of Trinity Church, Sturt street. It is BOW a. storehouse for barley, and other products of the like kind, and the pulpit, from which there was a great flow of eloquence for some years, is now used as a counting-house. The property was bought by Mr Finlaysou a short time ago, and he is now piling up bags of barley, &c.;, in it to the ceiling. .Mri. H. Waymouth, who has.for the past six yeans o ~ d the pos.fton of manager of the UOD Bank at Smythesdale, lias been promoted to a similar pos.boniuthebank r S S ^ S ^ S w J E S l S S , ^ ^ T ? ^ i very active part iu cliarch matters in con-1 nection with St. Mary's Church of England^ where he gave his services as organist for nearly the whole time; and that congregation will have cause to regret the loss of a valuable member. At a. meeting yesterday the chairman startled the company by a rather amusing lapsus Ungate. " Gentlemen," said he, " the question is whether the shares shall be issued at two-and-sixpence or half-a-crown." The meeting did pot vote. A final rehearsal of " Pinafore " took place last night at the Alfred Hall, and went off in a veiy satisfactory manner. The cast will be the same as when the piece was played at the Academy of Music last. A new stage has been put up, scenery obtained, and cveiything got into first-class order for the performance, which takes place to-night. The proceeds will be devoted towards defraying file expenses of the United Fire Brigades' Demonstration in Ballarat ou the Queen's Birthday, when it is believed that some 1500 firemen will assemble in Ballarat. We hear that tickets arc going off rapidly, and there is every promise of the performance being carried through with cclat. Wc have received from Messrs R. U. Nicholls and Co. a bag of filbert nuts, grown by that firm at their Green Hill norsery. Tile nnts axe quite equal to anything of the kind we have seen, and are sold at Messrs R. U- Kicholls and Co.'e ehop, Armstrong street, Ballarat, at Sd a pound. : At the meeting of the BallanUshire Council, held yesterday, an advance payment of £40 was voted as a donaiion to &ie; Ballarat Benevolent Asylum for the current near. This was in deference -to a request made by the secretaiythat thedonationbe forwarded before the end -of ihe month, in order to enable thfe institution to claim the grant-tar 1 aid from GOVFA-nmention the wimnnt. for Che* current year. .The Donmderation of the annua! donafionsto other ^aritibleinstitutaons was postjio^ed^for a fortnight,, Jt is intended 1881. to cat down these donations considerably, m the event, of the council's subsidy from Government not being equal to what it has been hitherto, Tennyson's Charge of the Light Brigade" has been set to mumc by Mr Wintten, of Calcutta, a brother of Mr Whittcn, of Ballarat. A copy of this musical effort lias been sent to us, and we can bear testimony to the sweetness and expressiveness of the music, and to the skill generally displayed in the production. The music is published by Messrs J. B. Cramer and Co., of London; but from whom copies can be obtained in Ballarat is not stated. A pleasant gathering took place in the Templars' Hall, Haddon, on Tuesday last, in the shape of a complimentary tea, given by the I.O.G.T. to Miss M'Gavin, on the occasion of her departure for Europe, when the muster of members present, is including members from Linton and Ballarat East lodges, was quite sufficient to show the respect in which Miss M'Gavin is held by the residents of Haddon, where she has always been a zealous worker, and charitable giver to any good cause Miss Pender, Miss M. Milne, Mrs. Woolcock, with Messrs Woolcock and Hendy, assisted materially in making a pleasant evening, by rendering some very nice selections of music, after which the company broke up, everyone present wishing Miss M'Gavin a pleasant and safe voyage. Nonconformist's" letter has been laid aside, as the correspondence on the subject he refers to was dosed three days since. The Nei] Street Mutual Improvement Association held its-usual fortnightly meeting on Friday evening last; Mr Stringer, vicepresident, occupied the chair. Accounts for the recently-purchased books were passed for payment. Mr Waiglit gave a short reading on "Mais, as 'he was—man, as be is." The meeting was adjourned early, in conse- quence of the flower show being held the same evening. The Swedish safety matches exhibited by Mr Oscar Skogiund, the Australian agent, have obtained first prize at the Melbourne Exhibition. We have received from Mr Hambly, of 143 Start street, a copy of his almanac for 1881, which contains a veiy amusing picture of "Grandpa's pets" in the centre. This is the last almanac -for 1S81 which we hope to have to notice, as almanacs for 1SS2 will soon be due. The following additional awards have been made by the jurora of the Melbourne Exhibition :—Dray, Erst order of merit, Kelly and Preston, Ballarat; pharmaceutical preparations, third order of merit, F. Longmore, Melbourne. The Herald learns that money is still flowing into the basks .at an unprecedented rate, and that bankers are veiy greatly embarrassed indeed at the riches under their control, for much of which they cannot find profitable employment. A new improvement (says lighting steamboats has been adopted on board the excursion steamer Golden Crown,; which has been fitted np with Needle's' i. patent gas apparatus for manufacturing gas from gasoline. The experiment was first tried on the Stli instant, aud was thoroughly successful. The plan is very simple. Pipes are laid through the vessel as in a room, and the old system of oil lights, which was such a discomfort, has been done away with, and the pleasure of a night trip much added to by the illumination of the vessel from stem to stern. The Government (says the Argm) mean to push on with business rapidly this week, in order to close proceedings in the Assembly as speedily as possible. Ministers adhere to their decision not to take auy new measure, unless it be a Rabbit H3], !;ut still there remains enough business to occupy the Assembly for at least a fortnight to come. The third reading of the Reform Bill will be pressed to a division on Tuesday (to-day), and Mr Berry will give notice the same day, when the municipal endowment vote will be taken. The postponed portions of the Treasurers c-stimates have still to be disposed of, and they include the uaral vote aud the c'uaritab.e institutions vote. The Land Tax Bill has also to be disposed of, as the Treasurer counts upon the receipts from this source. Theu there is the discussion on the alienation of the Feserves, and the further ; consideration in committee of the Harbor Trust Bill. The rcmanets thus furnish a goodly programme in themselves. The Council does not meet until Wednesday. A sale of valuable freehold properties in town and country was held (says the Gf.!x»vj Adcertii'er) on Saturday afternoon by Air John Davison, auctioneer, acting under instructions from the cxeeutors of the lite Mr George Synnot, sen. There was a veiy large attendance of persons interested in the sale of properties. Tiie first lot offered was the large wool store iu Clare street, occupied at present by Messrs Goarge Synuot and Co., which was ultiijatelj- withdrawn, as the highest bid, £3953, did not come up to the reserve. The building known as the West End brewery, occupied by Messrs Treaccy and Co., -ki'as sold to Mr W. Colledge, one of the executors of the late Mr Isaac Hodges, brewer, for the sum of £925. t'enisiae," a handsome famil3' residence at Highton, with 10 acres of ground attached, and now occupied by Mr W. H. Bullivant, was bought by Mr Walter Svuiiot for £950. A small property at West Geelong, -15 acres in extent, was sold to Mrs Dunn at £4 10s per acre, and a five-acre paddock at Highton was bought by Mr G. BirreU for £65. The question just raised (says the Age) as to the amounts of duty payable in the estate of the late Mr Charles Williamson, on being looked iuto, changes its aspect. Wc are informed that the executors, although they themselves raised the question, wholly deny the liability of the estate to pay the amount claimed by the Attorney-General. The debt due to the testator upon which the duty is claimed was the unpaid purchase money of Yanga station, New South Wales, secured by a lien, mortgage, and bills over the lands and stock. On behalf of the estate, it was contended that the locality of this asset being New South Wales, the mere presence in Victoria of the documents securing the money did not change it, and the mortgage debt therefore was not liable to Victorian probate duty. This view appears to be supported by & decision of Mr Justice Molesworth, in rc Montefiore, 5 Australian. Jurist, 1\. The executors have been advised to resist payment, aud they have already taken steps to have the question of their liability decided by the Supreme Court. The Government, however, take a different view of the case. Their argument is that there was no property belonging to the deceased in the sister colony at the time of Ills death. It had been sold some time before his deccase, and the first instalment of the money received in Victoria K ^ L ™ ^ ^ t S S K i ^ in New South Wales wa£6oW and tUe roceed£ ^ ^ personally, and pereonalty, s^^jmg to thftest S latest Enghih f o l l o w s the domicile. That tie late Mr C. Williamson was domiciled in .-j™- --. _„«. 3 , - , I VlCt0Ba K n0t 1 ueEtumed or dcnled - The purchase of the wreck of the steamer Ridgepark (says the ?Telegraph) has not turned out so profitable a venture as was anticipated, the recent heavy weather along the coast having been greatly against operations. The Gteamer Black Boy, which left Hobsou!s Bay on the 4th instant, and twelve men, has returned to part, bringing back tibe diver and six of ths hands. All the steamer has returned with is represented by some four tons of potatoes and a quantity of the vessel's gear. Two schooners, the Maifra and Gippslander, aud the steamer Lady of the Lake, were in attendance at the wreck, but in consequence of the untoward weather, they bad not been successful in receiving any of the salvage cargo on board. The Black Boy reached the sceuc of the wreck on the Gth instant, and commenced takiug in portions of the steamer's gear, and fittings ou the 7th. Next day, however, a gale set in from S W„ aud the Black Boy had to ran to tlie Skerries for shelter. On the the 7th the sea rolled in so heavily that Captain Stalker had to proceed to sea until the 13th, when he put back to the Skerries. On proceeding to the wreck on the 15th, it was found that the Ridgepark had broken up aud slid off the reef out of sight The Black Boy then took on board several of "the men from the shore, and atarted for Melbourne. Another violent gale from S.W. was then encountered, and the steamer had to bring up off the Ninety-mile Beach, whence she -got under way during the night, and. put into Refuge Cove next day. She left there on the 18th, and altered the Heads on Saturday. Mr Cook and several of the men .still remain in ths vicinity of the wreck. The Woonona from Newcastle, in coming along the coast, passed outside the Beware lieef, about t mile 08; but saw no sign of the Ridgeparic, and reported that there teas a heavysea breaking on the reef. \- The oommittee {says the A nrra) which has taken charge of the municipal endowment vote has tnade an encouiaging canvass of hon. members in the Assembly on both sdes. There j3 no doubt, according to the reports, that a majority can be commanded in favor of retaining the subsidy at its old amount, pending new legislation, and it appeals to be doubtful whether the Government will push their proposal to a division. Among the passengbts for Sydney by the steamship Orient {says the Age) ore' the Ladies Maty and Anne Marsham and the Hou. Henry Marsham, the daughters and son of the late Earl of Bomney. I {The attendance at the Exhibition on Saturday -was as follows : — By angle tickets, 7974; 'season ticket-holders, 104; miscellaneous, 1734; total, 9812. The total attendance to date (sa\s the Argus) is as follows: By single tickets, 711;970; season ticket holders, 13,083; miscellaneous, 275,944; total, 1,001,003. Daily average by single ticket for last week, 4612. The formal distribution of the awards will take place at eleven a-m. to-day. The quarterly meeting of the Excelsior Lodge, G.U.O.O.F., will be held this evening, at eight o'clock, in the OddfcllowB' Hall, Albert street. At St. John's Church, Soldiers' Hill, this evening, at eight o'clock, the Rev. W. A. Quick will lecture on "The dark continent and its bright spote, with personal recollections of Africa." The admission will be free, but- a collection will be made in aid of the Ballarat Auxiliary British and Foreign Bible Society. The members of the Ballarat drum and fife band arc to muster at Hager's hotel this evening, at quarter past seven. A meeting of residents on Crown lands will be held at the Societies' Hall, Skipton street, this evening, at eight o'clock. Councillor Morrison -will preside. Members of the Ballarat drum and fife baud are requested to meet at the Alfred Hall this evening at half-past seven. A preliminary meeting of cabmen desirous of forming a union will take place at Shrimpton's Victoria hotel, Armstrong street, tomorrow (Wednesday) evening, at eight o'clock. An entertainment in aid of the funds of the Free Library, Sebastopol, will take place in the Sebastopol Town Hall next Thursday evening, commencing at eight o'clock. A number of ladies and gentlemen have promised their aid, so that an enjoyable programme may be looked for. The mayor of Sebastopol will take the chair, and a ball will follow the concert. The Victoria Gem Minstrels will give an entertainmeutin the Templars' Hall, Haddon, this evening, in aid of the funds of the Ballarat District Hospital During the evening a testimonial will be presented to Miss M "Gavin, who is leaving the district. The festival committee of St. Patrick's Day fete will hold their final meeting on Monday evening, the 28th March. 