SUMMARY FOR EUROPE PER R.M.S. MERKARA. The most striking public events of the month have been the visit of Princes Edward and George with the Detached Squadron ; the death of the Right Rev. Dr. O'Quinn, Roman Catholic Bishop of Brisbane ; and the delivery of the Colonial Treasurer's Financial Statement, which will be found reproduced in another column. The visit of the princes waa the more welcome because unexpected, the very distinct refusal to allow the Detached Squadron to visit Moreton Bay which had been at first received from the Admiralty having destroyed all hope of the favour being extended to Queensland. When, howeven permission was given for the visit, the citizens and Government made every preparation to re ceivethe expected guests in a proper manner. The squadron anchored in Moreton Bay on Tuesday, 16th ultimo, and the princes, together with several officers of the fleet, came up to town by the steamer Kate, and were driven to Govern- ment House. Crowds of people assembled and waited till long after dark to testify their satis- faction in the usual manner. The stay of the squadron was limited to four days, and during the time as many amusements were provided for the princes as possible. There was a largely attended At Home at Government House. The Mayor gave a most successful ball at the Exhibi- tion building, at which no less than 1500 people were present ; and the princes were entertained by Ministers at a picnic to which a great num ber of their friends had been invited. There was also a reception at Government House, and several riding parties were organised to visit the prettiest spots in the neighbourhood of Bris- bane. Addresses were presented to the princes by both Houses of Parliament and the City Corporation. During the stay of the squadron in the Bay the vessels were thrown open to visitors, and all the available steamers in the port carried down crowds of excursionists to see them. This was especially the case on Thurs- day, which had been proclaimed a public holiday. On Saturday, when the squadron weighed anchor, the fine spectacle of their departure was witnessed by a number of spectators who had gone down to the Bay for the purpose. The next important event was of a melancholy nature. Dr. James O'Quinn, the first Roman Catholic Bishop of Brisbane, was a man who had filled a large place in the short history of the colony. He was born at Athy, County Kildare, Ireland, in the year 1819, and waa therefore 62 years old at the time of his death. He received a sound classical and general education in his native country, and then went to Rome to pursue his theological studies. While there he was or- dained priest on the Feast of the Assumption, the 15th August, 1843, so that he died shortly after the anniversary of his ordination. The first duty he performed was to undertake the charge of an academy in Dublin, and while there he attracted the favour of his ecclesiastical superiors, and especially that of the late Cardinal Cullen, and was chosen Bishop of tho newly established see of Queensland. His consecration took place in Dublin on the 29th June, 1859, and he arrived in Brisbane in 1861. When he arrived in Queensland he found four churches, four schools, and a debt of £1200, and he de- voted himself with untiring energy to the task of building up his Church. He was eminently successful, and he managed, while working with heart and soul for his own branch of the Christian Church, to secure the respect and good- will of most people belonging to other denomi- nations with whom he was brought in contact. Conscious of the advantage given to a religious corporation by the possession of independent means, he accumulated landed property in all directions, using even his own private moneys for the purpose ; and he has left a splendid estate devoted by will to the use of the Roman Catholic Church of Queensland. Bishop O'Quinn's health had not been good for some time past. He had been a great suf- ferer from rheumatism, and it is no doubt due to the ravages of this painful disease tihat his constitution broke down at tho comparatively early age of 62. When it became evident that the illness which has terminated his sufferings would prove mortal, his brother, the Right Rev. Matthew Quinn, Bishop of Bathurst, was sum- moned to his bedside. The breakdown, however, was complete and rapid. The dying man re ceived the last rites of his Church on Tuesday but he lingered conscious and tranquil through the greater part of Wednesday, and on Thursday morning, 18th ultimo, amid the sorrowing prayers of the groat body of his clergy who had flocked to his bedside, the Sisters of Mercy re- siding in Brisbane, and a considerable number of the laity, ho peacefully breathed his last. The body of the deceased prelate lay in state within the sanctuary till about half-past 1 on Friday, during which time it was visited by a continuous stream of mourners. At 2 o'clock it was placed in a coffin and, after preliminary ceremonies, a funeral procession was formed, which passed along several streets, amidst an enormous crowd of spectators. Ultimately it was returned to the cathedral, where it was lowered into a vault prepared under the floor of the sacred building. A movement has recently been set on foot to erect a memorial to him, and a large and influential committee has been formed to carry out this object. It is understood that it will take the shape of a Magdalen Asylum. The season is a matter of special interest to every- one interested io Queensland industries, and we regret to say that the absence of rain is still much felt in many parts of the colony. The southern and western districts have been, happily, visited by rain on two occasions since our last summary, and as the uights are becoming warmer the effect upon vegetation is very noticeable. In the central districts, however, the advent of the thunderstorm season, now close at hand, is looked for with some anxiety, because the supply of moisture thus afforded is usually capricious and often very scanty until the middle of December. A few inches of rain well distributed over the colony would be of immense advantage to all the producing interests just now. The days are becoming quite warm, and the westerly winds lately prevalent are rapidly neutraliaing the effect of the recent rains, even where they fell most copiously. It is useless to meet trouble half-way, but it cannot be denied that the present is a time of anxiety to many persons engaged in pastoral and agricultural pursuits. On the whole, however, the colony is evi- dently in a prosperous state. The influx of capital continues, and the prices paid for pas- toral and sugar- growing properties afford grati- fying evidence of the confidence felt in the pro- ducing capabilities of the colony. The British-India's R.M.S. Merkara arrived safely on the 1st instant, a few hours after her appointed time, and after having com- pleted the round voyage to London and back since the 26th April, or in four months and six days. Recollecting the number of ports at which the Merkara was required to call and land or re- ceive cargo, the detention she suffered at Batavia awaiting the mails from Singapore, and the time necessarily occupied in coaling, discharging, and loading in London, her voyage must be deemed a gratifying proof of the practicability of the through steamship service between London and Brisbane. Six monthly steamers havo now arrived from London, via Batavia and Torres Straits, and five return boats have passed through the most difficult navigation, and all without the least accident. In the face of such facts as these, it may be assumed that marine insurance via Torres Straits will soon be further reduced. The passage requires watchfulness, but the smooth water invariably met with is evidently full compensation for the difficulties of naviga- tion, which were such a bugbear in former years. It must not be forgotten, however, that great assistance haB been given to navigators by the extensive system of coast lights which has of late years been applied to the route inside the Great Barrier Reef. Nor has improvement of this kind yet ceased, provision being made on the Estimates now before Parliament for a new lighthouse at Cape Tribulation, a point about thirty miles south of Cooktown. That the mail service is becoming quite popular is evident, for its benefits can no longer be disputed. During tho month a change in the local agency has been announced by the union with MessrB. Gibbs, Bright, and Co. of two other of our largoBt Bhipping firmB as joint agents for the line. This should have an important effect in securing business for the company. POLITICAL. The most important parliamentary event of the month has been the production of the Budgot, which had been unusually delayed owing to the absence in England of the Premier during the recess. This deliverance is so important that it is reprinted in full in another page, and, as its chief points aro dealt with in our leading columns, it is unnecessary to say moro here than that on the whole the statement has been well received, and that no doubt appears to bo enter tained of the intention or ability of the Govern- ment to carry out the policy it foreshadows. During tbo month the work of the session has been proceeding rather languidly. The failure of all the extra-parliamentary proceedings against the Premier has greatly strengthened the posi- tion of the Government, aud correspondingly weakened that of the Opposition. Indeed, in Parliament there is but a show of party opposition at the present time. In the Legisla- tive Council, partly owing to the absence through temporary ilkcoss of Mr. Walsh ; the Postmaster General goes on with the public businesB prac- tically unchecked ; and in the Assembly there is not only no factious obstruction, but scarcely any organised opposition of any kiud. Auothor cause of tile quiet aspect of affairs is the iutima tion that the Transcontinental Railway proposals cannot be submitted to Parliament this year. Major-General Feilding's expedition, now out moro than a month, ought to be making good progress, the pasturage in the North being fair, and no rain of consequence having fallen. But whatever the General's success it will be impoB siblo for him to return and arrango a provisional agreement with the Government before tho close of the present session, and Ministers do not appear disposed to entertain any minor scheme until that for connecting Roma and the Gulf of Carpentaria has been submitted to Parliament. Touching railway extension in this colony, it may bo well here to advert to some comments made recently by the London Economist on the in- debtedness of Queensland, and the infatuation displayed by the colonists in desiring to prema- turely incur monetary obligations for such a pro- ject as the Transcontinental Railway. But that is a wholly unjustifiable remark, and it is to bo regretted that an influential journal should have been betrayed into a state- ment calculated to so injuriously affect the credit of the colony in monetary circleB in Lon- don. The people of Queensland purposo to incur .no monetary liabilities in connection with the Transcontinental Railway, and they aro as fully convinced as the Economist writer thal until population increases no public loan of magni- tude should be authorised. The Transcontinental line, if constructed at all, will be paid for by means of grants of Crown land, now lying practically waste and valueless. This is a suffi- cient answer to the Economitt's depreciatory com- ments. The absence of party antagonism in our Parlia- ment, however, is not an unmixed evil. Several useful bills havo engaged the attention of both Houses of late, and some reasonablo discussion has occurred on motions for the adoption of plans and BectienB for several railway extensions in different parts of the colony for which money is available. The Criminals Expulsion Bill, chiefly designed to keep out escapeea from the French convict settíement at New Caledonia, has passed both Houses, and been reserved by the Governor for her Majesty's assent. The Intercolonial War- rants Bill, agreed upon at the late Intercolonial Conference s.t Sydnev, has also passed, and will be similarly reserved. The Marsupials Destruction Bill, and a bill for abolish- ing the distinction between the two branches of the legal profession, have passed through the Assembly, and are now before the Council. The Liquor Retailers Bill, the Adulteration in Food Bill, and the United Municipalities Bill, have each been read a second time, and are all likely, in a modified form, to become law. The end of the session does not now appear to be far off. The Estimates will soon bo entered upon, and are not expected to be very warmly opposed, and honourable members will probably be in- duced to consent to an early prorogation by the promise that there shall be an early BesBion next year. Indeed, this is most desirable, for so long as Estimates are not voted prior to the advent of the year to which they relate the people's representatives will find themselves un- able to properly supervise the publie expendi- ture. Our sessions should begin early in April at latest, but for two years past, through excep- tional causes, their opening has been deferred until July. The sooner a return is made to the proper practiee the better for the colony. In the Supreme Court action of Milos M'llwraith, being a suit instituted by one of the members for Darling Dowtm against the Premier, in which damage3 for £2500 were claimed from the defendant for sitting and voting contrary to the provisions of the Constitution Act, the jury a fortnight since returned a series of findings on which his honour Mr. Justice Harding entered a verdict for the defendant. From this verdict the plaintiff's leading counsel, Mr. Griffith, Q C, who is also leader of the Opposition in the Assembly, dissented, and on Tuesday last be njoved in the Full Court for a rule nisi to enter judgment for the plaintiff, or for a new trial. But on the following day the court refused the rule, and the conteBt may be regarded as prac- tically closed, although an appeal to the Privy Council is rumoured. Should further proceedings in the case bo abandoned, the result can hardly fail to be con- ducive to an improved condition of tho relations between our leading politicians, which have been much strained through what the Premier's friends regard as the persecution by which ho Imb been for more than a year past assailed. It ¡8 quite certain that the Opposition as a party have suffered most by the extraordinary measures taken to drivo the Premier from his post ; and there is reason to hope that when legitimate opposition is not exceeded that party will begin to regain strength in Parliament ob well as in- fluence in the constituencies. THE FINANCIAL STATEMENT. On Tuesday last the Premier and Treasurer (Mr. M'llwraith) delivered his Budget State- ment in the Legislative Assembly. He said : Mr. Scott,-When making my Financial State- ment to the Committee in August last year, I waa under the necessity of acknowledging that my anticipations of revenue for the previous year had not been fulfilled-that the expendi- ture exceeded the revenuo by £191,203, and that the deficit at the commencement of 1879-80 of £177/25 had increased at its close to £239,006. On the present occasion I am happy to appear before the committee with a much more favour- able report of the financial position of the colony The depression under which our great industries havo so long suffered has passed away ; confi- dence in the future of Queensland is stronger than ever ; trade is improving, and monoy is abundant. A corresponding improvement is, consequently, to bo seen in the revenue of the colony. The revenuo has not only come up to the estimates I made laßt year, but in many reBpecta has considerably exceeded them. Referring to table A, it will bo Boen that tho Budget estimate of revenue for last year was I £1,722.500, while tho actual receipts have beon £1,771,143, showing an excess of actual receipts over the estimate of £48,643. Customs, which I estimated to yield £522,000, have realised £528,795. Stamp Duties, estimated at £15,000, have yielded £49,311. On the other hand, Ex ciso, which was estimated to yield £57,000, has realised only £-14,560. It will bo in tho recol- lection of the committeo that last year the Excise Duty on spirits was raised from 6s. 8d. to 10s. a callón-a chango which apparently has had the effect of materially decreasing the amount of colonial spirits put iuto consumption. It ia diffi- cult to estimate this year, however, how much that decrease has been, for the calculation is confused by tho fact that in AuguBt last year, previous to the passing of the Act to alter the duty on spirits distilled in Queensland, in antici- pation of an increase the excise duty was paid on a largo quantity. The land revenuo has como fully up to my expectations, and in some respect« exceeded them. I expected to receive undor this head £564,000 ; the amount actually received ha3 been £622,148. Auction sales, estimated at £175,000, realised £lfl5,S59. Rents of homesteads and conditional selections, esti- mated at £105,000, produced £195,847 ; and | rents of runs, estimated at £15S,000, realised £171,305. Tho revenue from public vvorkB and sorvices has, in tho aggregato, approximated protty closely to the cstimato. While I esti- mated the probable receipts from that source at £393,500, the result Ins been £397,400-the deficiency of 10 per cent in the receiptB of the Southern and Western Railway being covered by the excess on tho Central and Northern lines. I Miscellaneous services, estimated at £115,000, bavo produced only £93,541, the deficiency being accounted for by the low rate of interest during the year obtainable for the large amouut at the oredit of the public account. Having thus adverted to tho maiu features of tho Budget «Btimate of last year, and the extent to which that estimate has been realised, I will now direct your attention to the statement of the Consolidated Revenuo Fund írom 1st July, 1880, to tiie 30th of June, 1881, ns set forth in table B. On tho former date-the 1st July, 1880-ti« Consolidated Revonco Fund com- menced with a debtor balance of £239,000 ; the expenditure for the year was £1,757,653, and the revenue £1,771,143. The latter lias beon supplemented by the recoup of £252,525, as pro- vided for in the Treasury Bills Act of 1880, making a total on the credit sido of the account of £2,0î3,668 against the debit side £1,990,665.. The result of the year's transactions on Consoli- dated Revenue Account, therefore, has beon to get rid of the deficit, to restore a satisfactory margin between income and ecpenditure, and to provide,iu addition, a balance of £27,007 to bo carried forward to the credit oí the current year. The financial position is, however, very much better than appears from these figures, and in order to show this I will direct your attention to table G, which gives tho liability of the Treasurer in respect of votes unexpended in the last threo years. On the 1st July, 187S, that liability was £300,665. ; on tho 1st July, l8S6, it was £208/526; while on the 1st July, 1881, it waB reduced to £176,375. The amount of unexpended votes in previous years has been an embarrassing subject to the Treasurer. Previously to 1879 largo amounts wero put on tho Estimates for works in various parts of the colony, and at tho end of the financial year it always occurred that largo balances of those items wero left unexpended, and became a charge upon the succeeding year, the liability inherited from one year being generally met by passing on a corresponding amount of unexpended votes to its BuccesBor. As, bowevor, for the last two year3, sineo local government came into force throughout tho colony, no works have been voted on tho general Estimates, the liability for unexpended votes of previous years has begun to diminish, and is now less this year by about £40,000 than it was last year, aud this source of expenditure will gradually preeB less and less upon the Treasury. If now you turn to the Estimates which have been placed on the table of the House, you will find that I calculate the total expenditure at £1,835,754, of which amount £123,665 is for schedules enumerated on page 1 ; £601,869 is required to defray the interest on the public debt ; and £1,110,220 for the services of the various departments. Last year the corresponding appropriation was for schedules, £123,502 ; interest on public debt, £556,851 ; and for departments, £1,008,46*9. The proposed expenditure is therefore in excess of the appropriation of last year by £146,932, of which ¿45,018 is for additional interest, and £101,914 for increase of departmental services. How these increases occur I will proceed to show. Under schedule B there is a small increaso of £250 to próvido for the retiring allowances of officers who have left the service under the pro- visions of the Civil Service Act, and under sche- dule D thero íb an increase of £1000 for Grammar Schools and £6000 for endowments to munici- palities. There is, however, a saving undor this head of £3092, formerly paid to non- vested Primary schools, and of £4000 paid under the Marsupials Destruction Act of 1877. This Act has expired, but if a similar measure should be enacted this seBBion the apparent Baving will require to be provided on the Supplementary Estimates. The Estimates for the Legislative Council and Assembly show a Bmall increase of £693. The Colonial Secretary's Department shows an increase of £14,199, chiefly for police and for charitable allowances. Public Instruction claimB £6000 additional ; in the Treasury Department there is an increase of £2000, that being the sum which appears on the Miscellaneous Service vote for the de- partment to be proposed as a reward to Mr. William Landsborough for his services as an explorer in Queensland. The Department of Public Lands shows an increase of £10,151, of which the greater part is for fees to licensed surveyors. The Department of Works and Mines shows an increase of £9930 : the vote for building is £23,100, .ib against £8570 in the pre- vious year ; whilst under other bends, it will be observed, reductions have been made to the ex- tent of £4600. For the railways £12,711 additional is asked for, nearly all of which is for the maintenance and permanent way of tho Southern and Western and Central lines of rail- way entailed by the increased mileage. The ex- penditure on the maintenance of our railways has had the most serious consideration of the Govern- ment ; tiley havo mide most determineil efforts to reduce it, and they hope to bo able to carry out in the futuro still further reductions. At the time the Estimates wore printed tho Com- missioner for Railway-i did not consider himself in a position accurately to ostimnte the expense of working the Maryborough aud Gympie, Bun- daberg and Mount Perry, and Northern lines. Duo provision for these purposes will be mado in a Supplementary Estimate. For the PoBt and Telograph services an additional sum of £46,462 is required. This is owing to the now Torres Straits mail Bervice, which commenced in Feb- ruary. There is also a small increase in the vote for the conveyance of mails coastwise ; whilst on the votes for mails vid Melbourne-Galle and San Francisco there is a contemplated siving to an extent of £9734. Having explained briefly the proposed expen- diture for the coming yar, I will now direct I your attention to the Ways and Means, and endeavour to oxplnin from what sources I expoct to receive the money which will be required. Last year the revenue amounted to £1,771,143 ; this year I estimate it at £1,901,000, or nearly £180,000 moro. The items of the revenuo which we are accustomed to class under the heading " Taxation Proper" I expect to yield an addi- tional £80,247 ¡ Public Worka and Services, au iucrease of £130,600 ; and miscellaneous sorvices, an increase of £0459. On tho other hand, I have estiinatod the land revenue at £87,449 lesB than the actual receipts of last year. The most important item of revenue is, of course, the Customs, and I havo every confidence that the receiptB for the present year will continue to improve. There is a large amount of mouey now in the colony seeking investment and gradu- ally being employed in the staple industries of the colony. The sugar-planters aro extending their operations, and going to a great oxpouse in procuring the best machinery for their mills, whilo an indication of further operations in that direction is given by the large amount of land which is being taken up for sugar-growing along our Northern rivers. Gold mining lately has been much more successfully carried on, and promises still greater yields in the future. Capitalists from the other colonies are looking most favourably on pastoral investments iu this colony. Public works are being actively cirried on ; and a considerable impetus has been given to immigration. All these causes will, no doubt, contribute to bring the Customs revenue at least up to the estimate which I have mudo. Since making this estimate I have had tho advan- tage of the experience of the last two aiontliB, and find that that amply bears out my antici- pations. The Customs Revenuo for July and August last was £109,320 or £697 more than it wob for the corresponding mouths last yoar. When it is considered that during the two cor- responding mouths of last year there wero very largo payments into the Treasury on account of an expected or suspected change in tho tariff, it will be evident that tho revenue to bo expected from Customs will, from the experience of thoso two months, bo very considerably increased. Under tho ¡leading of " Excise and Export Duties" you will, no doubt, recollect that two bills were passed last session-ono for the pur poso of increasing the excise duty on spirits, and the other for imposing an export duty on certain descriptions of timber. I have already adverted to the effect of the former. With regard to the latter, I am quite satisfied that the imposition of an export duty has had no effect in dimiuish iug the trade. The estirante for tho present year under the hoading of " Excise and Ejtport Duties" I consider a moderato ono, and fairly likely to bo realised. The revenue from Stamp Ditty and Licenses is estimated at £52,803, and I consider that also to be lather under than over estimated, tho receipts for July aud August just passed fully justifying tho small increase for which I havo taken credit. Tho land rovonuo last year contributed £622,449. Thin year I estimato it at £535,000. It will be observed that I have only taken credit for £100,000'fiom auc- tion sales, although last year the receipts under this head amounted to £195,859. It has been objected by soveral hon. members that the Government have, to the detriment of the iutorc3tB of the colony, increased the revenue by unjustifiable so!oo of land by auction. Tho facts, however, will bo more clearly understood when I compare what has been done under this head in previous yoars in this colony with what has beon done during the samo period in tho neighbouring colony of Now South Wales. I find that from 1575-8, inclusive, during which timo the present Opposition wero the Govern- ment of the colony, thero wore sales by auction of land to the ertönt of £453,915, or au average per annum of £113,478 ; and that, from the 1st of January, 187S, to 30th Juno, 1881, during which timo the present Government have boen in office, the land auction sales amounted to £280,723, or an average for the two years and a-half of £112,289 per annum. lu the neighbouring colony of Now South Wales, which possesses a territory considerably less than one-half that of Queensland in extent, tho land alienated up to the present time is moro than threo times tho quantity alienated in Queens- land ; and the average annual auction sales for the last seven years and a-half has been £1,112,000, or about 20 per cent of the gross revenue. In proposing, therefore, to raise only 5 per cent of the revenue from this source, I think it must lie admitted that, instead of reck- lessly sacrificing the public estate, as has been alleged, I have displayed considerable modera, tion in satisfying myself with such a small con- tribution to the necessities of tho Treasury from this Bource. From rents-homesteads and conditional pur- chases-I expect to receive £195,000, about the amount actually realised in the previous year ; and from pastoral rents £170,000, a sum BÜghtly in excess of tbo actual receipts of the year just past. The full details of the rent roll of the colony will be found in the Government Gazelle of 30th June, 1881, and it may iuterest the committee to learn that the list now con- tains 6630 runB, with a rental amounting to £177,153, of which 159 runs, with a rental of £17,328, are in the sottled districts, and 6471, with a rental of £159,825, in tho unsott'ed dis- tricts. The estimate is, therefore, somewhat under tho sum of tho actual rents falling duo in September next, but the difference will allow for the usual loss by cancellation, forfeiture, and other causes. Tho receipts from railways I estimato at £409,000, an iucrease over the receipts of last year of £120,430. I anticipate an increase from the Southern and Western line of £29,571 ; on the Central line of £33,370 ; and the Northern of £29,489 ; and a revenue of £23,000 from the Maryborough and Gympie line, and of £3000 from the Bundaberg and Mount Perry. The financial resultB of the Southorn and Western lino have boen most disappoint- ing both to tho Treasurer and to the colony. In 1877-8, the revenuo from this line was £185,718 ; in 1S78-9, £182,718 ; in 1879-80, £180,120 ; and, last year, it had increased to £190,429. Considering that between 1877 aud the present time tho mileage on this line has been increased by 110 miles, not including the exten- sion from Warwick to Stanthorpe, this very slight increase in revenue is moBt discouraging. There is no doubt, however, that this unsatisfactory re- sult is due to the depression of the producing interests caused by tho late very disastrous seasons. In making my Financial Statement in 1879,1 pointed out the intimate connection that muBt necessarily exist between tho number of sheep in the colony and the carrying trade available for the railways. From 1869, when tho number of sheep in the colony was 8,604,115, down to 1S7S, the number was constantly decreasing, until it was reduced to 5,418,820. A reference to tablo X will show that tho doivnward tendency lias now ceased, and that the returns for 1879 SO slioiv an in- crease of more than a million. I am satisfied that the extension of our railways, and the very large amount of capital now being introduced into the colony to be employed iu pastoral pur- suits, will soon enable us to recover the giound we have lost, and that sufficient traffic will be created to keep our railways more profitably emploi ed. The Northern and the Maryborough and Gympie lines nlreidy show Bigns of com- manding a traffic bo; ond our expectal ions, and the Bundaberg and Mount Perry liue has given some impetus to the mining industries in that quarter, which will no doubt be very largely in- creased when the lino has penetrated to the centre of the mining district. The Post Office, which produced last year a revenue of £49,535, I estimate will yield this year £55,000. From the Telegraphs I estimate I Bball receivo £42,009 ;. from Hirbours and Light Dues, £17,000 j and from Escsrt Fees, £5000. In conuection with harbour dues, I may state that a very great convenience bus been con- ferred upon the ports of the colony by throwing them opeu to foreign-going steamers at the nominal charge of Is. per ton on all cargo landed and shipped. Under the old syBteni, a steamer like the Merkara, of 1950 tons, calling at Thursday Island, Cooktown, TowuBville, Bowen, Rockhampton, and Brisbaue, would havo to pay pilotage, inwards and outwards, £41S, and light dues, £325, total £743. Under the arrangement now made Bhe would be able to land 1000 tons of cargo at theso ports for a charge of £50. The alteration has had the effect of causing a number of foreign-going steamers to call at our ports which otherwise would have pissed on to the other colonies, Representations wero made that these foreign going steamers, having this privilege of calling at our ports with reduced dues, wero taking advan- tage of that position to trade in cargo going coastwise ; an amendment was therefore made in the proclamation, and it was announced that steamers carrying on a coastwise trade would be subject to the Bauie dues as ordinary steam vessels. Tho miscellaneous receipts, estimated at £100,000, brings up the total anticipated re- venue to £1,901,000, or £65,216 in excess of the estimated expenditure ; which, with the saving resulting from careful administration, will bo sufficieut, I trust, to cover any Supple- mentary Estimates which may be found ueces B.iry. Before leaving this part of my subject I may briefly refer to tho Agent- General's office iu London. Tho salary of that officer wo propose to incroaso to £1500, a proposal which, vvheu in- troduced by tho late Ministry four years ago, seemed to meet the general approval of the House. We propose also to raise the salary of the executive engineor nnd the secretary to £800 a year each. Those, with some other small in- creases, will bring the cost of tho establishment up to £5519, an increase of £1000 as compared with the past year. Thus far I have confined myself exclusively to the considération of the revenuo and the expen- diture, and having happily no deficit to deal with, and consequently no measures of taxation to briug forward, I am afraid that my re- marks, though showing tho very sutibfaclory position of our financial affairs, will not possess that interest which ho« boen for the last fow years bo confidently expected from the Trea- surer's Statement. Hon. members will see the UBual tables, show tug the position aud progress of the colony, ac- companying this Btatonient ; and to a few of thoso I will briefly draw their attention boforo proceeding to the last portion of my remarks, which will refer chiefly to the Lo&u; Fund. Tablo D, at pago 0, contaius the statement of tho Savings Bank account for the past year. The balance on the 1st July, 1S80, was £12,0,850 ; the deposits and other receipts for the year «vero £667,615; and tho withdrawals aud payments £516,650, leaving a balance at the close of tlio year of £241,815. Those figuren, I should explain, refer only to the tiausactious of tho y«ar : the total iiBsotsof the bunk Hinouuting in the nggiegate to £773,325. The account may be taken tis satis- factory evidence of the increased prosperity of tho labouring classes of the colony, and of their ability, from the wages earned, to make increased savings. Tlio rapid incroaso of their siwingn, however, which is now going on is not unlikely to provo a source of embarrassment to futuro Treasurers ; for as ho is compelled to pay 5 per cunt, on all sums dopositcd not exceeding £100, and 4 per cent, in any balnucu in excess of that amount not exceeding £200, and as ho cannot iuvest the money at or near that rate at the present timo, it will bo a matter of difficulty in the future to avoid carrying ou the business of tho bank at a loss, or without encroaching on the reserve funds accumulated from the profits of previous yearB. Tho total funds at tho disposal of tho Govern- ment, and the manner in which they aro in- vested at the present timo, will bo found enumerated under tablo F. The balance to the credit of tho consolidated revenue fund is £27,007 ; tho balanco of the loan fund ¡b £1,231,211 ; the balanco lo the credit of trust account is £84,221 ; mid the balance to credit of (ho Savings Bank is £241,845 ; making a total credit balanco of £1,584,285 on tho 30th Juno, 1881\. That amount was placed as folloivs : With tho Queensland National Bank, London, £792,901 ; the QuoonBland National Bank, Bris- bane, £538,608 ; invested in Treasury bills, £252,525 ; and in the hands of the Agent Geneial, £249. The sum to the credit of the Treasurer in the Brisbano bank is considerably in excess of tho sum of £400,000, upon which tho bank íb to pay interest under their agree- ment ; but inteieBt on tho same scale as given on £400,000 and under, has been up to the pre- sent timo paid on the full amount. The expenditure on immigration and arrivals in, and departures from tho colony, will be found, in tables N and O. Tho total payments for im- migration for tho last year have boen £71,644 ; agiiuBt which is to bo sot the arrival of 3404 im- migrants from the United Kingdom. From the other Australian colonies the arrivals havo been 7688, and the departures havo beon 7509 ¡ the balance in favour of the colony being 179. This small increase to our population from the othor colonies i» not altogether satisfactory, except so far as it shows that the tide has turned, and the tendency of population is towards the North. From the South Seas the arrivals have been 1997, and tho departures 1564. From Hongkong tho arrivals have been 168, and the departures 969, thereby reducing the number of Chinamen in tho colony by 801, Tablo R bIiowb tho trade done by the colony in exports and imports. While in the aggicgato tho trado of tho colony remaius nearly what it was in tho previous years-being this year £0,098,554-there is in tho items of export somo considerable differences. Tho amount of gold exported has decreased by £219,720 ; of copper, by £14,654; of corn, by £10,181. These de- ficiencies havo been, however, made up by in- creased exports of other articles. Silver oro, a new item of export, appears for £2459 ; the export of tin has increased by £22,020 ; that of pearlsheil, tortoiseshcll, hides and skins, and other similar items, has increased ; the export of preserved-meat has increased to tho ex- tent of £55,700 ; of sugar, by £10,272 ; of tillow, by £90,000 j and of wool, by £149,012. It must be borne ia mind, in considering these figurns, that table R furnishes the data only to the end of the year 3880. Since then a considerable im- petus has been given to all of our staple interests, which will show to advantage in the statislic-i of the present year. The main item of decrease is in the production of gold ; but, from the great increase iu the yield of this product during the last few months, we may fairly anticípalo that the amount exported will certainly come up to previous years, and in all probability exceed it. I will now briefly refer to tho Loan Account, which will be found stated in table C, pages 4 and 5. The first portion of the table contains a statement of cash received and paid, and tho balances in hand on the 1st July, 1881. On tho 1st July, 1SS0, the credit balance was £725,368 ; the amount derived from the salo of debentures during tho year, £1,463,30S ; the trausfer and re- payments, £33,75S|; making a total on the credit side of £2,222,424. On the other side of the ac count appears the expenditure, £991,213 ; leaving on the lit July, 18S1, aB above, a balanco of £1,231,211. The other portion of tho tablo exhibits tho unexpended balances of the votes, amounting to £2,534,831, and also some items of unforeseen expendituio to bo provided for in the next Loan Estimates, amounting to £13,138, In addition to tho cash balance of £1,231,211, which 1 possessed on the 1st July of this year, the balance of tho delontures of tho loan of 1879 were sold in Loudon on the 13ch of the month. Although the amount to tho credit of the Go- vernment ou loan accouut was sufficient to have carried on tho various public works of the colony for at least another seveu or eight mouths, yet, considering the very favourable position of the mouoy market in England, and the proba- bility of a change affecting it to the detriment of borrowers during the next six mouths, it appeared to mo advisable to disposo of the balance of the dobenturesof the loan of 1879. The price realised was three farthings above par, an advance of 10 per cent on the prko realised for the other por- tion of tho loau last year. The miuimum was fixed at par, and the amount tendered was £1,184,800, or £131,000 over the amount asked for. This result shows that the minimum fixed was n little too high, and that tho highest pos- sible prico was obtained for our loan. It is a rather remarkable coiucidenco that South Aus- tralia was iu tho market with a loan at tho same time as ourselves in the early part of 1SS0, when their debentures realised £93 17s. 3d., aud oura £90 10s. lid., and that this year their debentures, sold agaiu at tho santo time, realised £102, and our« £100 0i. 0j(d. It is satisfactory, therefore, to find that tlio debentures of this colony have not only ad- vanced withiu tvvelvo mouths to the exteut of 10 per cunt on the price previously realised, but that our securities have also obtained a relatively better position in the Enplish money market as compared with the securities of tho other colo, nies ; the difference between tho prices realised by this colony and South Australia being £3 Th, 4d. last year and £2 this year. Tho floating of the balance of the loan has proved a great suc- cess, and to that succohb I consider tho wiso steps taken by the financial .igen Is of the colony havo greatly contributed. At the end of the present year tho debentures of tho loan of 1861 maturo, and will have to bo paid off, The Loan Act of that year provided for the payment of tho debonturcp, amounting to £123,800, bearing 0 per cent interest, by a Hinking fund of 2 per cent of tho general ro venue to bo sot apirt until it amounted to the required sum. In 1S72 tho necessary amount wa» provided, and was invested in debcntuies of tho 1S70 mid 1872 linns. These will now bo sold, and tlio proceeds applied to taking up the debentures falling due. As the debentures hold on Sinking Fund account carriod no intorcst, tho reduction vvill afford no nppreciablo relief to tho Treasury. I have now dealt with the loan transactions during the paBt year. In making provision for railways, lim hours and livers, and waterworks in previous years, it is found that on Boveral works sufficient haß not been provided to carry thom so far as Parliament iutonded. Provision has albo to bo made for somo works which have received the approval of tho House. It will bo necessary, therefore, to pasB Loan Eslimatos embracing several items which I vvill now shortly advert to. Brisbano to Sandgato Railway vvill require t o completo it £14,000 ; Toowoomba to UighftoKiu, £20,000 ; Clermont branch, Central Rai'.syay, £85,000. Tho lino from Oxley to Sout'n Bris bnuo-branch of the Southern and Western Rail- way- will require a sum of £41,000. Thero is avery reason to suppose th/it tho Clormont Railway, when carriod on to tho vicinity of tho copper mines, vvill bo tho causo of thoso mines, which have bem working but little for several yaars, starling on a much moro oxtousivo scale. I havo also provided au amount of £11,000 for a tramway from tho Railway Station to Petrie's Bight, in lho expectation of tho Minister for Works that this will materially add to the suburban traffic of our railways. For rolling Btook on tho various railways con- structed 1 havo provided £100,000 ; and for rail- way surveys, £25,000. £7400 has already been expended on a ctoviatiou of tho Southern and Weatoin Hallway on tho Main Range, and £30,000 has been expended ovor tho estimate on tho B.imo lino butiveou Dalby to Roma, which has now to bo provided for, lu the Harbours and Rivers Departmout various amounts are required at tho different ports of tho colony to fit thom for the altered class of shipping which Boems destined to do tho foreign work of tho colony for the future. Tlio BiiabauoRiver plana require no alteration from tho «chorno 1 put before the House in 1879. In the next threo years, however, au additional amount of £25,000 will be required for dredging purposes. At Port Alma I proposo to expend the sum of £25,000 on wharvos and buildings ; £12,000 ou a jetty at Poit Curtis ; and £25,000 on tho Towns- ville jetty. Evou with tho additional two now dredges, which, owing to the delay in getting certain parts of the hydraulic gear from England, havo not yet come into work, wo have not enough of plant on hand to curry out our vivor improvement« on a «calo to keep pace with the times. To carry out tho most impor- tant of our improvements, however, within tlio next fow years, at least one new ilicdgo will require to bo built, and I have provided for this the sum of £30,000. Thia drodge vvill bo om ployed first on tho Mary River. Capo Tribu- lation is ono of tho most dangerous purls of our coast, and a lighthouse thero has been a de- sideratum for a long time. I havo provided for it, in the present Loau Estimates, tho Bum of £3000. I havo provided £0400 for tho Fitzroy Bridgo. This amount has boon nctually spent, and is the amount which waa required to supplement lho previous loan to complete lho bridge». For various buildings, which bon, mem bors will find detailed in tho Loan Estimates, £38,400 has boon provided. For electric tele- graphs-from Winton towards Bullia, £10,000 ; Powell's Crook wcstwaid, £8000 ; and a general vote of £15,000. For water supply, wo require to provide X'2000 for Warwick, £5200 for Mary- borough, and £80,000 for Brisbane. This latter amount seems very large, but from lho rates realised from the existing waterworks, it is quite evident that with an extension of the mains to tho various suburbs tho board vvill bo able to repay thia loan with interest to tho Government within the next twenty yoare. Tho next item I havo to provide for is £218,000, tho depreciation of the debentures in tho loan of 1879. This is the differonco between par and lho actual amount whioh tho loan of 1879 realised. From the position our debentures have obtained in tho money market, it ia hoped that in tho futuro this ¡tom will dis- appear. The last item is to retire Treasury bills, £252,500. Thia amount is to take up tho Treasury bills authorised to be issued by the Treasury Bills Act of 1880. It will bo seen, on examining tho Loan Estimato, that this item and tho depreciation of debentures item mako up £170,500 of tho total estimate of £1,039,500, leaving only £619,000 to próvido funds for un- foreseen expenditure actually incurred, and the several now and additional works and services thereirl set forth. i. have now, sir, reviewed brielly, but without misBi'ng any material point, the finaucial position of the colony. Tho position must, I think, be considered by every one who studies it emi- nently satisfactory. The balance ia on the right side of the ledger ; the contemplated expendi- ture for tho year is ample, yet economical ; and there is a fair prospect of tho revenue fully meet- ing our requirements. Tho loan requiied will complete various public works sanctioned by tho Houso, usefully extend otheri., and add its full weight to the value of the public estate. PASTORAL. Since the date of our last summary a wonder- ful change has como over the prospects of the majority of the pastoral tenants. It will be re- membered that a drought had prevailed with moro or less severity over the whole of southern and south-western Queensland, and also along the coast line oxtending up as far as tho tropics, and that the scarcity of feed and water was causing considerable losses of stock. All this has been now changed, for rain has since fdleu, more or less, over the whole of the drought-stricken districts. The soil boat beiug high and the frost timo now past, a rapid spring is observable in the grasses, and if after the present month the UBiial thunder- storm season sets in, wo may fair'y conclude that all danger from drought, even although September should prove dry, will bo over. The principal business of the fq'iatter at thia timo of tho year is the harvesting of tho wool clip, and shearing' is now iu full operation. Almoät everywhere wo hear of tho clip being good as to quality, soundness, and quantity, the only exceptions beiug on a few of the southern stations, which, having Buffered moro from drought, havo experienced a little loss of weight in tho clip, 'i hu large district of Burke, which for years has been neglected by our sheep squatters, is now rapidly being ro-stocked, It is at last becoming known that here aro pastures equal to tho host, and which for yoars have been lying idle. In tho centre of this district is the large station of Millungera, upon which have lotely beon shorn somo 40,000 sheep ; these are but the pionocr flocks of millions which in a very few years will be depastured on the fut tile plains of Burke. For the stocking of this district constant im- portations of choice rams from the celebrated breeders of tho Southern colonies are taking place, aud tens of thousands of Blieep will, after this present shearing time, travel ovorlaud from the best flocks of Now South Wales for the same purpose. Our sheep squatters, in connection with the National Agricultural Society, aro bo stirring theuiselves iu the matter of a grand intercolonial wool bIioiv, to be held in Briabane on the 1st January next. Great iuteruBt is being shown by all concerned, and^ fruin thu well-known high character of *'&& Darling Downs Hooks lhere ¡b Burn to ' oa &. close competition of many excellent er'j^jts,. At tho dato of our last Bunira' jrv iDo uietropolitau agricultural exhibit1 i0n -^b. being held at Boiveu Park, Brisbane.. Siuco then tho »numil bIk ^w 0£ tü0, Royal Agricultural Socioty . j£ Queensland' has beon held at Toowoombr ipb¡8 EhoW has como to be OBBentially a disp' " of ""»toral ex- hibits, the exhibitors bü¡ . ' MjnoBb entirely confined to the squatters o t rije Dar]tUg Downs. The farmers do not t. oub,u to compato with tuen- wealthy neighbor an(] agr¡cultural pro eluco ia entirely uoglc jte(,_ she * arc lho mftin. stay of the Royal, dml th¡8 tho m,mber and quality of the t exu¡oiu ¡" this class have uovor boon sun e(] at previous show. A novelty av Jong tbo slloop oxlubita wc.r0 somo fine ö jropsb;ro Downs rams and owes lately ltnpor tod Xrom Hugill, a breed which his U0Y,el',, '° ^cou introduced into Queensland. Cattle- owners of late have had no difficulty in getting r¡d 0f their fat slock, tho various meat preset v¡Ug nn¿ boiling-down wotha having been !}Tv.oly ongaged. The price generally given i* Wrj. per 1001b. carcass weight, and at this figuro 0 iittlo stations can bo made to pay fairly well. Tho high price of station proper- ties can bo seen by reference to our com- mercial summary, where the figures obtained during the past month for Borne of the principal stations Bold aro given. It is generally coucedetl lhat theso prices aro at their liighoat, for, although thero aro many capitalists inquiring for runs, thoy will not give extremo prices, Tho Brands Act of Ibis colony works so «vol! that cattle and oveu horso stealing aro rendered ex- ceedingly difficult. The Queenslander is agitating for a movemout which would mako it still moro effective-namely, tho appointing of all officers of tho police force to bo inspectora of brands as well. Tho increasing hopefulness of the frozen moat oxporiinent becoming au established and profitable industry has a couBidorablo Bharo in onhiUiciiig the value of all doscriptioiis of stations, and it is impoitaut to noto that during the month much has taken placo in this way. Wo hear tho Glasgow underwriters havo undertaken to insure cargoes of frozen moat by sailing ves- sels from New Zealand to London at the rate of 5¿ por cent, tin's premium to include all risks, not excepting that of the moat going bad. This or it lower rate will doubtless bo exteuded shortly to tho whole of tho Australian colonios. The local works on the Brisbano liivor havo not yet bogun freezing, but, wo understand, intend to do so next week. Up to the present they havo con- fined their operations to tinniug. AGRICULTURAL. At the dato of our last summary lho prospects of the farmer wero quilo iib gloomy aB wero those of the pastoral tonant ; but the same beneficial ageut which has worked wonders in the one ca3o has also revived the hopes of tho farmer-rain, long mid anxiously looked for, has como at last. Warwick is our principal wheat-growing district, and thero a fair amottut has fallen, sufficient to start into growth the long-stag- nated braird of wheat, and to causo that seed to gorminalo which has been Iyiug iu tho ground I for tho last throo months. Even this would mature to a fair crop provided tho rust scottrgo did not appear, for before the first appearance of this disease in the colony it was not unusual to sow wheat in August, showing that if once this trouhlo is conquered then the facilities for grow- ing wheat in Queensland are very great. As tho prospect now is, thoro is sure to bo some wheat ; tho cropa will not bo the entire failure antici- pated at the dato of our last summary. At Toowoomba, the aecond priucipal wheat-growing locality, matters aro a great deal moro hopeful through rain having fallon, aud hero also a partial wheat crop is sanguinely expected. Dairy produce has for weeks back been scarco and of high price in all our towns, and, although the farmer obtained theso high prices, they «vere counterbalanced by his outlay for food pur- chased for his stock. Now, however, the grass is everywhere springing, aud the oarly-sowii pro- vender-crops aro shooting up with great rapidity. During the past month thero have buen several importations of heavy Clydesdale horses and mares. These ure the favourite clasB of horso stock among our farmers, and tho many that havo Liceu lately bought, and tho high prices given, prove that thoro is vitality among our agriculturists, although they may have losses through occasional drought. Considerable ia terest has lately been revived in bee- keoping, and thoro ««ems to bo a probabilityof making it an industry of importance as iu_ Califor nia. The immediate causo of thia increased, interest is the successful acclimatisation of the Italian bee and its alleged capabilities of resist ing tho ravages of tho beo-moth. In the ovent of this peit beiug vanquished, bee-keeping must succeed here, as none of tho other Australian colonies are naturally so favourable for honey-production a3 is Queensland ; tho variety of our indigenous flowering trees and dirubs being very great. An Act passed by our Legislature some two years ago for tbo purpoäo jf enabling each locality to undertake the ¡ontrol of all local road works by the aid o£ ocally-elected bonds, and which at the time o£ lassing was violently opposed by the farmers, ia low found by them to bo r,n excellent measure,, md greatly conducive to the rapid improvement if the roada of the respectivo districts. Some ixporiments in wheat-growing in the Upper Burnett district yielded last year such a favour ible result that tbey aro again being re; uowed on a larger scale than before. Every successive year adds some hitherto untried district to the many in which actual experiment proves the possibility of the culture" of wheat. The industrious Geiman sottlers of the. Rose- wood Scrub are now growing the coffee plant with profit, and so satisfactory" is tho pursuit found to be that the area under that crop will be largely increased duriug tbo year. Thisis the first time that the profitableness of this in- dustry has been demonstrated in tho southern inland districts of the colony, although experi- mentally the coffeo plant been growing luxu- riantly in the Botauic Gardens for years past. Thero has been an entire failure of the winter crop of vegetables iu the gardens owing to their bein.; eaten down by innumerable hordes of a small Mack caterpillar. The China- men are our principal growers, and their losses must have been veiy great. lu the meantime we aro in the humiliating position of having to import cabbages and cauliflowers from Victoria, or our tables would be without. Among fruit- growers there is au increased iuclioatiou to enter into vine culture with a view to wino manufac- ture, the produce per acre being very groat, Tha annual exhibition in counectiou with the Beenleigh Agricultural Society was held at Beenleigh on Wednesday last. It was most successful, not only ia regard to the , number and quality of tho exhibits, but also in the attendance of visitors and . the lite and Bpirit that pervaded all con- cerned, whether successful or non-success ful competitors. The variety of the products capable of beiug fuccesefully grown here comprise a range from thu tropical requiring sugar to the temperate clime whe.it, both of which wero shown. Then, ngain, there was rice, tobacco, wine, and potatoes, any one of which products it will now pay to cultivate. The show of horses-that is, of dr.rft horses-was very good indeed, and the competition in the various classes very closo. The class for heavy draft stallions suitable for farming purposes brought . forth no less than nine exhibits. The prize was ? secured by Mr. de B. Persse, with his Merry ? Farmer, a naaguifioeut bay of great size aud . power. Draft mares were fairly represented, ' the special priz- offered by Mr. W. Stephens falling to that gentleman himself. Mr. Delprat ' was first for draft brood mares with foal at foot, and also for the best Queensland-bred mare, Mr. G. Schmidt couiiug second in both theso last two classes. Blood horses were not at all numer- ous ; the well-known Eversleigh, who won " second honours at Bowen Park, being first for best blood stallions ; Mr. John Markwell's Volunteer being second. The cattle sec- tion was the poore3t in the yards, the condition of the animals having been spoiled by the late long-continued drought. A decided novelty for Beenleigh was no les3 than eleven exhibits of farmers' sheep. These were all cro3sbreds, and were especially interest- ing as showing a beginning in what will eventually be an important adjunct to our farmers' stock. The poultry section was not numerously filled, but among them were Mr. Bailey's beautiful pen of games, some nice spangled Hamburgs of Sir. T. Savage's, some really fine Toulouse geese, and extra large heavy turkeys. Sugar brought out twelve entries, all good samples ; indeed the judges had considerable trouble in deciding as to which of the î>riis ; so that of Mr. J. Davy was placed first ior qu«lity of ,Sra'u, and that of Mr. W. H. Couldery first fo.v colour-that is to say the prize waB divided. A planter from Mackay openly expressed hiB' opinion that these sugars were equal to anything that could be shown in hi< district;. In produco there was an excellent shot', both as _ regards variety and quality, and tho entries were far more numerous than ¿'as, been the case for some years back. Amongst' novelties which will poule duy be permanent paying industries, were some exhibits of rice, notabiy that in the Btraw from Mr. W. R. Oxenford ; this waa as fine a sample as I have yet seen grown in the colony, and deservedly got a prize. Tobacco wa3 shown both iu tbo leaf and manufactured, by H. Mahoney ; these samples not only gained a prize in their cIsfs, but also Mr. C. J. Warner's special prize for 101b. of dried levf. A fair simple of wheat wa3 shown, grown by Mr. Henderson, of the Upper Logan, the pioduco per nero of which was fully twenty busbola, although tho season was unfavourable. This exhibit wins as a special prize ono year's subscription to tho Quecinlaneler, presented by the proprietors of that paper for tho best exhibit of locally grown vvhoat. Good arrowroot is always to be seen .it Beenleigh show. The competitors th¡3 year were R. M'Cready and W. Castles ; the first-named was awarded tho prize, but the judges owned to having a difficulty in saying which was the best, for both were so good. The butter Buown was excellent, notwithstand- ing the unfavourablene=s of the season. Lird, cheese, hams, bacon, jams, pickles, and wiuep, all were numerously shown. Tlio vegetables and roots were very good ; far better than was expected owing to the late drought; Swede] turnips beiug shown quito equal to the best efforts of Rosewood or Warwick. The sugar industry Í3 spreading with rapid Btride3, and bids f.iir before long to rival the pas- toral interest in ita importance to the colouy. On tho Lower Burdekin River the steam plough ia j beiug used to break np land for ci e planting, | and already 500 aerea are undor cane, and a mill in process of erection for next jear's crushing, j At Palm Creek, Lowerllerbeit, the Colonial Sugar j Refinin.; Company are Btarting a new plantation. Evorywhere crushing ¡3 io full operation, and the yield ia equal to that of last year. Even from the extreme south of the colony «ve hear that the Nerang crushing ha3 commerced with far more bountiful fields than last season. During the past fow weeks there have been largo purchases of sugar land in the North, and the sale of Mr. Spiller's Pioneer plantation, at Mackay, to Mes-irs. C. F. M'Kinnon and Co., for the sum of £59,000 cash has juït been effected. A bill u now before the Legislative Assembly to enable the Colonial Sugar Company to acciuire the tilla to large areas of conditionally pul chased land in the North, where they contemplate expending some £500,000. MINO G NLW-3 Till va ions mining industriel oE the colonj are generally in i prosperous condition-the gold and tin mines in partieulai giving excellent re. turns Foremost amongst the goldfields in pro - penty stmds Gvmpie, ind the Ut°st reports from tha1- important field continuo of i most favourable character Ihe latest yields of the precious inetil in Gympie aie from the celo brated No 1 north Pheonix mine, which give about 2600oz of gold from 219 tons of stone , and from thi South New Z-'alaud mine 813o/ of gold from 9o tons A parcel of stone from the Nebo toldo Id, one of the most recant iu the colony, was crushed at the M ion michiti'1, Gympie, auel the resul' from l8 wt ot qiarU was a yield of don lOlwt retoited gold A breaking down of stone not include in the ibove returu fi ¡m the North Pho .iu. produced speci mons estimated to contain oOOe/ of gold 'Ihe first (.rushing from the cavern r ef of the SouU Now Zp d md Comp inj's nulli" has produced tho fine aver igo yio'd of §0/ 7d ;t ot gjld per ton from nearly 100 tous of (...one ILc " eil knot n Hall s Lei e claim ib again cruähug, and good returni are expected lb- re h/>3 been a gi eat improvement in the pi o p^ctä of No 0 north Lady Mary min", owing t> the discover) of son.o rich specimens it the 140 t level Some 100 z of gold or moie ero obtti ied, and tte prospects aro retarded as favounble At Oblitera l'overs there ire Be en cruihiug iniclnnea a^ woik, as v-ell as tho pjntei woiks erected by Mr Plant, vin h, ace i dinj, to the rc3ult of recent experiments 11 the cid cjuntrv, aro likely to becouic ot even more import ince in cert nu t, ii 1 bearing district» tb u the ordinary batteries Some ¡plendid stvoci.ncna ot alluvul gold have been brought to Brisbane fioji tho Springs at Peak D> vn?, and the gjld is of i very bjpenor quality,bein0 woithona=»ay £12i OJ perouuee, which is i lughei pr o thin any Queensland gold has previously ruined lhere is one nugget woighing ibout lib whi h is slightly intermixed with quuU, but all the rtit H putc vvaterworn gold, the largest nugget weighing 4o¿ 3dwt, anti tLj lest varying in wei0ht down to about 5dwt. On the Palmer goldfield the prospects continue j favourable, and enterprise and capital will doubtless ere long prove the auriferous resouices of the district. As an evidence of what may be done in the field, a parcel of 1 ton of "tailings" from the Ida prospecting claim was treated lately at the Mabel Louise machine and yielded the splendid return of 4.]¡oz. of gold. Tailings are what usually go to waste, unless practical men are prepared to treat them in a scientific way, and as tho Ida claim has about 90 tons of stuff similar to the above, the return Bhould prove a satisfactory one to the shareholders. . Respecting the ' Hodgkinson goldfield, it is stated that the mining propertie-s around tho Union Camp are improving very much, and this portion of the Hodgkinson is full of promise for the future. The average return from the Union claim has been ovor £1500 worth of gold per month lately, and there is moro stone at grass than can be crushed. The Home Rule owners are sloping on fair stone, and the same applies to the Captain Cook aud Geraldine. Additional applications havo been made for antimony areas during the past week, and, should favourablo ad- vices be received fiom home as to the value of the mineral, it eau be raised shortly in largo quantities at a vory small outlay. Tho tiufiolds throughout the colony continue to j ¡eld well. The principal attraction uo«v is the Herberton (i/r Wilde River), and from its present appearance and recent discoveries in the Western districts, together with the prospecting of Messrs. Mulligan and Halpin's parties in the North, the stanniferous wealth of the colony seems in a fail way of boiug brought well to the front. The Ravenswood silver mines continue to yield good returns to the proprietors, and the most reliable accounts from the district prove that the output of payable silver ore is likely to continue for many years to come. It may be mentioned that mining or quarry- ing lias been started in a new direction-that is, in the opening, out of the elate beds ou Mount Debatable run. It is stated that the slates pro- duced are of a superior quality to the Welsh slate, which is saying a great deal, and that tbey can be supplied at the rate of about £25 per 1000. PUBLIC WORKS. The public offices at Bowen, covering a space of 124ft. by 60ft., and comprising po3t office and residence for the postmaster, large court house to be used as a Police Court, District Court, ar«l Supreme Court, together with offices for the Judge, Crown solicitor, police-magistrate, and the subordinate officers of the department, are completed, and have been recently occupied. The cost of the buildings was £8150, and the contract has been well carried out by Messrs, Southall and Tracy, who have done justice to the designs of the late Colonial Architect, Mr. Stanley. The buildings are two stories high, built of brick, plastered with Portland cement externally and plastered and coloured internally. All the inside fittings are of varnished cedar, and the arcades are floored with Portland cement. The building has been designed and built for the public business of the colony at Bowen, and will meet all the requirements of ths district for some years to come. No other important buildings» have been com- pleted during the mouth, but several a?e in process of erection. The new Brisbane Gaol is beiug built by Mr. Robert Porter about two miles from the city, the works beiug. pushed' on as quickly us the substantial nature of tile structure will admit of, and the old gaol near Petrie-terrace is being dismantled, the prisoners in the meantime having been, removed to the penal establishment c<¡ St. Helena in Moreton Bay. The po3t and1 telegraph office at South Brisbane' is being erected on a. convenient site close to tho.boundar3i of the city and the populous subuxb-of Wool- loongabba, The Government have accepted tenders foi' tho erection of a new gaol at Blackall, and for. a court house at Aramac. A large police station, with stables, is now being built at Toowoomba at a cost of some £4000, and a new station at St. Lawrence. The Post and Telegraph Depart- ment are alco having new offiees built at Eulo, Thargomindah, Hughenden, and Capa River. New immigration barracks are being erected at Mackay. The Public Instruction Department aro adding considerably to the State school ac- commodation in many parts of the colony, and a lar?o new school is being built at Maryborough. The new gnving dock is at last ready, for the reception of a vessel. The dock has lately been pumped dry, the silt removed, and bleaks fitted for the accommodation of a ship. The barque Doon, which returned to this port under jury-masts some months ago, has been refitted with iron masts by Mes3rs. J. W. Sutton and Co., of this, city, and will most probably be the firat occupant of the berth in tho new dock, which it is expected Bhe will enter in a day or two. The dredging of the new channel through Moreton Bay is steadily progressing, and as soon as the Government dredge is completed by Smellie and Co. the work will proceed much more rapidly. RAILWAYS. Dlhino the pist month the tenders foi the const-uc ich ot the second section of the Bun- daberg and Mount Perry Railway havo beon receivel and dealt nth by the Government 1 here wc-e eight tenders sent in, miEmg irom £109 900 to £127 000, and tLa lo« eat one waa selected, but the tenderera declined to undertake the contract, icd it his therefore been given to the next lowest tenderers, Messie. O Rour£C and MSha ry, whose price is £112 ^00 tud they will no doubt earry out the work to the satisf iction of the Government. There have beeu Beveril additional railway extensions sanctioned by Paj1»»ment during the past month, and provision hiu, beeu made for their construction and the f.. rcshing of rolling I stock in the Loan Estumten \»A before tbo House a few day a i¡,o Ihe hue., prov lied for are » branch line «oin Otley to ibcuth Lnabane, esli mi'ed oat £14 000 loiwombn to Highfield}, £20 000 the Clermont Ra wiy, £8j 000 , and a trim «ay from the railway station, Bnsbine, to 'he wharvea at Petrie a L gilt, ?11,000 The railways now being constructed are being pushed on as quickly as possible by the contrac- tors. Messrs. Bashford and Co. are determined to complete their contract for the Sandgate railway in good time, and Messrs. Fountain and Co. are also making good progress with the Maryborough and Burrum railway. The traffic on the two principal railways shows an improving tendency lately which we hope will continue. CITY IMPROVEMENTS. A numoer ot new buildings have boen com pleted since our last summary, ind sa /»rdl others are rapidly approaching completion, whilst others are bem¿ projected Commencing at the top ci Queen street, the principal street of the city, the handsome range of buildings that have been erected by Mr W J Page first ittr-ot attention ihe corner of Queen and George itrcota has been nieely rounded eff, and the li(,ht and elegant deolan of the iron fietwoik ornamented ve andah adds cousideiably to the handsome a) i cannae of the whole btu'ding Mr P ige s cûeuiot a i hop ia at the corner, ind hai been oeeujied lor some days, md six other bhopa adjoining will bo ready for occupation Very soon 'ihe upper flo»r of the building has been deaibued for ofh es, and is the position is a very central one for bir iisfera, ittjrney«, aad other proleisioml men, tiley are like!} to be permiu"ntly occupi d verj sho tl\ J «Yo sets of the piincipil ellice are ilready cc up ed-one by Mr Stanley a-cbiteet (late Colonial Architect), and ono by Messn Ed- wards aud Marsland, Boheitois Hie who e ap peiiunco of t'ie building, now that it is cjuipl tel cxtc-nallv, is imposing, and forms a remarkable contriat to the tlin^y structures that formerl) jceupied tho site Descending Quc-J & rcet, sever ii new buildingd aie to be seen iu proc -,s of ere^tioj, and theofhc»3 of Mebbrs Little, Browne, aud Ruthning are rapidly appro iehiu0 com pletion Ihe wholu of the buildings now b mg erectecl aro ot a auperur ch°s and will add verj considerably to tie urchiteetural beauty of the city Hie auction mirtof Mr D Love, erected by Mr Gailey, has beenoccu)led f ira few weeks, and the first fljor otticä have been rented by Miss Scott as a uilli nor's establishment. Below this building Messrs. Edwards and Chipman, who purchased three of tho adjoining Government lots at the late sale at a cost of about £S000, are about to eiect a large drapery warehouse, the design of which has been prepared by Mr. Stanley. The width of the proposed premises will be 43;t. and the depth 13Sft. Tue stylo of architecture is to be Florentine, and the "height 36ft. There will bo two stoiie3 to tho building, and tho front elevation, as shown in the design, will be vory hmdaoine. Below this proposed new Bhop another firm of drapers, Messrs. Grimes and Petty, have called for teudei3 for the erection of a fine block of buildings at the corner of Queen and Albert streets, When the present auti quatcd and dilapidated wooden tenements are removed anil replaced by large brick and stone buildings tho principal street of this city will have been fieed from one of the most hideous of the original "humpica" that weie once thought good enough for the capital of the colony. Continuing on the samo sida of the street there is nothing further to notice, excepting that steady progress is being made with the building of the new National Bank. On crossing the street tho visitor will find that a new place of entertainment baa beeu opened, called the Minories Hall, the property of Mr. U. Morwiteh. Thoro is a ccpitol uutranco leading to a room ou the first floor, capable of seating some 500 persons, and the fiist tenant of the new hail has been Professor Pepper, who, after a short tour on the Downs, Las returned to Brisbane, and ia ¡>gaiu instructing aiid »musing the public with dioramio pictures and interest- ing scientific lecturas, "Pepper's Ghost" also appeared for the first time in Queensland at the new hall, and quite astonished the native youth. A little higher up are the new buildings of the Brisbane Newspaper Company, Limited, which have just been completed and occupied. Tho Courier and Queenslander have been printed and published in the new premises for the past few days, and, although the removal of a newspaper business in full operation involves very arduous lubo ir, the difficulty ha3 bee j surmounted iu this case, and the advantage of the change is already apparent, The site of the buildings is one of the busiest pirts of Queen-street, and the space occupied by them comprises a frontage of 33ft. to that street, by a depth of llSft. The building is two stories high, with a fine cellar in the base ment, an 1 more spacious and commodious news- paper oSces aro not to be found iu Australia, while the facilities they afford both to the public and the staff should have an important in- fluença on the future of the company's journals. It may also be mentioned that the Hon. ffi. H. Buzacott, the manager of the compauy for tho paît eight toorina, has shown his confidence in the business by purchasing one-third interest in the property of the company. Turning into Adelaide-street, tho new Albert Music Hall at or>JO attracts attention. This new hall has been previously described in our colu.ans; and from present appearances it seems hksly, when optrjed, which' it will probably be during, the piesjnt month,to become avery pleasent' and convenient placeo?entertainment. Opposite* the new hallj an hote", " one of the olden time/'" has beec complttely transformed, and' Tattersall^ now looks, and is, both w commodious and ccrafortable establishment. The new hotor'is two stories high, substantially built of brick"; and the-3Sterior of the building is much improved by a balcony being erected over the verandah. Both balcony and verandah are embellished'with handsome fretwork railings of cast iron. The- Queen's Hotel has also been much iinprovuâ' by the addition of a large vorandah, of semi-'clrcular Aape, with irou ecroll fretwork ornamentation. In Sonth Brisbane four two-story brick shops-, belonging to Mr. Forsyth, are nearly completed, and much im- prove the appearance of Stanley-street. The City wharf at Petris'3- Bight, formerly known as the Commercial wharf, is being pushed on as quickly as possible.' It will complete the extension of what wcre-furmorly known as the Government wharves; now the property of the i Corporation, and thus-the wharfage accommoda- tion in the city will be-largely increased. The ret lining wall for tliat part of' Queen-street which overlooks these wharves is also approach- ing completion. It ia a 'thoroughly aubstantial stone structure, and certainly appears likely to prevent any of tho landfilips that formerly oc- curred at that point. Several o'- öhe streets of tho city have been permanently improved audi maoadainised, and there ia provision mado by tho Corporation for tho erection or a new market at an early date. 