DEPUTATION TO THE, GOVERNMENT: ' A deputation,, oonaiating ,of his '"Worship tho Mayor of Sjdney, Mr. G, Witherd,, "M.l.A,^ Mr. 1 Abigail, M.L.A., Mr. M7. Poole, M.L.A., Alderman John Young, Dr. Belgrave, and Messrs A. Porsythe and E. Dyer, waited on the Colonial Secretary laa Tuesday, the Secretary for Works alao boing pro sent. Tho Mayor introduced tho deputation, and road tho following resolution passed nt Monday's meetiug of tho Konny Hill wator supply committee : "That tho oxooutivo committeo aro decidedly of opi- nion that the re aro many good and substantial reasons to request tho Govornmont to have tho whole matter fully and impartially inquired into, leaving tho mode of inquiry to tho decision of the Government-that ia, either to refer tho matter to a soloot committee, or to an independent onginoer." Alderman John Young, who had moved the resolution, pointed out that the committee held that Mr. Moriarty waa not an impartial investigator, being so inti- mately connected with the Prospect soheme. At some length Mr. Young arcued on the rolative merits of the sohemo. He pointed out that as much waa even now buing pumped to Paddington as Mr. Moriarty had provided for. Ho also olaiinod that ho and others as practical mon wera bettor able to jndgo of cost of works than Mr. Moriarty, the moro especially as the latter had given groatly difforing prices for similar works in the different Bohemos. Mr. Porsythe alBO oommonted on the inaoonracieB in Mr. Moriarty's figuros. Ho claimod that not one member of the de- putation oarod ono penny whioh echóme was carried out, provided they obtained tho bost. Dr. Bolgravo apolociaod for tho importunity of the oitizona' com- mittee, and also referred to the varions theories on the part of Mr. Moriarty whioh tho committee hold to bo incorrect. Sir Henry Parkes at this stage pointed out an inaconraoy in tho statement that tho Government had promised an imp&rtial; investigation into the two schemes. Ho had not promised thia, but aimply that ho would stay prooeedinga beyond a cer- tain point until certain reports wo e received. This he believed had been done. Mr. Laokey : " It was done." MosBrs. _ Young and Porsytbe said they thought the promiso amounted to about what they stated. Sir Henry Baid tho Government could cor tainly not take stpps to investigate other people's theories or atudy their plana. They had promised to wait till the -plans wero explained, and had ¿one BO. Mr. Poole next spoüe, alter whioh Dr. Belgrave referred to newspaper reports, whioh made Sir Henry in his eleotion speeches say tho Kenny Hill ccheme should havo an important consideration as it certainly deserved. Mr. Withers said ho had always considered that if any charge of ohildiahness could bo urged it would be aerainBt the Governmont to place the investigation of the aohomea in tho hands ot officers of the depart- ment. Ho did not think thoy hal been promisod any other report, and was sure thoy were now no furthor forward than whoa they first waited on the Government, Mr. Young said he coiild refer to 20 instances in which aomboraof Parliament when before their oonatituonts promised ia tho oxaot words to support an " impartial investigation." Sir Henry said ho understood that tho objoct of the deputation was to ask the Government to appoint a professional man to institute what thoy callexl an " impartial " inquiry into tho qnosfcion of water supply. Ho roferred to tho many different commiseions» Sea., appointed to inquire into tho mattor, and the moat competent possible engineer, Mr. Clark, oame at tho expense of six or »avon thousand pounds. Ho had evory poaaiblo facility givon him, and concurred with the previouB recommendation. They wero now asked to enter on another inquiry, and this was hardly encouraging. He did not say what tho Government would do, but would point out that if the deputation only wished tho boat popaible echomo, so did tho Government, whoso roputationa wero at Btake. Ho did not pretend to follow ßtop by Btep tho doings of a department, with which imma- terially ho had nothing to do, but ho had no doubt his colleague had. Tho présent sohomo had beon sanctioned by ovory ministry that had hold offioo aiuoo ita conception. It could not bo oxpooted Mr. Moriarty would ait aa on impartial judge on the two schemes. All that could bo exproted would bo that ho would honestly support his own sohemo. Ho could however reply to any statements put forward. Mr. Withora suggoatod that tho plans, &o.;, wero so complote, that thoy could bo forwarded to tho Royal Sofioty of Enginoora or some other tribunal for opinion, or submitted to publie competition to ascertain actual cost. Sir Henry Parkes urged that the doputalion oekod Governmont to tako a most unusual course in calling in au engineer fiom out- side to roport on the work of their own officer. Mr. Laokoy said ho had littlo to add. The deputation rnado nomo profoseional statements, robntting Mr. Moriarty'» estimates, and ho and hia collea- gues could not be expected to dooide bo tween them. Ho had, na a iule, found tho eatimates of Mr. Moriarty very oorroot. He called attention to the fact that tho matter was now before Parliamont, and it would bo well to wait till Parlia- ment had decided before tho Government was aBked to do anything. Sir Henry, in ooncluaion, said that he understood tho request waa to allow tho sohemo to bo investigated by aomo competent man. Ho would promiso to lay tho matter before a spooial meeting of tho Cabinet, which ho would summon for tho purpose. Tho R.M.S.Poshawur, with English mails to Doe. 31, arrived in Hobson'B Bay on Monday. The New South Walea portion ef her mails wore deliverod in Sidney on Wednesday Morning, having como over- land by rail. The oxtonsion of the line to Albury thus enables Sydney pooplo to get tboir Engliah mails a day cr two earhor than h'orotoforo. The im- portant ¡toms of news in the Esglish papora to hand havo mostly boen anticipated by wiro. Mr. Farnell made what must for an ex-Ministor of the Crown, be oonaiderod rather a peculiar Bpacch. at tho banqnot in connection with tho Kiama ahow last woek. Ho said ho proforrod BUOII ocoaniona as the»ßo, when- he could countenance the advancement of the ooustry, to going to Buoh frivolities as woro taking plaoo at Albury and Dubbo. (Hoar, hoar.) As a politioian, ho had boon too straight, but na long as any constitnonoy had onflioient faith in him to oleot him, howould soo that tho Govornmont oarriod out proper moaauroa. (Cheers.) Ho doprooated tho pi notice of coing to Governmont for holp, and said those only would rcooivo nBBistanco who " holpod thorn solves." (Applause.) Ho Jand boon " put on tho Bholf," and ho supposed that until "old Harry " or " old Jack " died-(laughtor)-ho wouldnover havo a ohanco again. Tho proaont Go- vornmont wero forced to carry out moaaures ho had initiated, but weira oomijg buck to tho obi traok again. Ho wont in for honeit Govornmont, but that could novor sucoood in N.S.W. (Hoar.) Thoy had the groatoßt ohioanery and " Haeelmayor" busineas in the oarrying on of Govornmont. (Laughtor and ohoorB.) But tho Ministers know how to keep Buoh thingB aa tho Kiama railway "looming in tho distanoo." (Choors.) Ho had not como down to discover "tho Kiama ghost"-(lau«htor)-but he strongly i advised tho pooplo to domand their railway 'as a right, when he was confident they would got it in wo yearn. (Applause.) ? " ' », 