LADIES COLUMN- ENGIiISH NEW3 AND FA3HION3. At the snsusl fete given to the Lendon Sends, Sohoole' oholr, at tbe Cryntsl Palace, a oonori-t wm petfii-med by the ahlldree, who numbered 5500. The electrlo light — Rraeh eyetrm— lr nor. being employed Inthefct-elgnnenspapei'-zoom, General Poet Office, The t'mp - retui-a and light are both groatly Improved, 10 lamps of ZOOO-oandle power taking the plaoe advan- tageauBly of the prevlaurly us id 400 gas jits, A new pleas, ail'ed The Exiles of Erie, has appeared at tbo Olympla, and been well re ceived, At a wedding whloh trok plaoe reoently at the ohspe of the British Logatlon, Pekin, he bride and bridesmaid, as well as the bride groom, wire dressed In tbe Oniueeo etylr; the bride wearing a jacket of pals bine satin, with a klrt of the sine mttrrUl brocaded, and of a dark hti-, and. rlobly embroldtred with flowers. Tho drers of tho bridesmaid was very elrallsr, aonalstleg ot a dark-red eatln efclrt worked In the earns way, with deep-bine j'okot. A (l-sat ooetrast was offersd by the groomeman'a attire, wblob wae In tbo nanal Kngliah ttjlr. All the porsona concerned wera Eogllaa keeldenta of long standing In China, A Indy obnroh-warden' has wns appointed lor the parish of Bufcrd, Hull, Yorkshire. The Vloar of Wakefiold la the name of a coitumem.de of asge-greon Westol Eogl.nd tweed, The drees and bodies aro ont In one, the foimor being draped book and Iront. The Quoon le a abort tweed jaoket; tho back ont like a jNowm.rkot oont, and tho front having- . plnetron with buttoes plnood on eaoh side aa far as tho bnequv, and theu oontlnncd In a single row down the centre. Tho favorite ehadoe for this jaokot are dark gi-;on, reddish trown, light grey, ohooolut) and varioaa degrees In hue ol old gold, A long shoulder euarf ol white or fclaok- Bpottea Bill cambric, edg«d with lnoa zuobl&ga.; «nw very popular. Tao tw\a& tra of red tibuoo, bo 173 of the sumo drawing tbo ends jogUhsr, ao nato«crjsi ovor the ohcsfc and faaten ot tbo baok of Cho akirt, Gold fcaga aro 08ed toflcouro it, Tbo 'fjioitl ovGufnqs' In Now York appear very void of ttoyrotl amugemonfe or loterest, fcr tbe lattBi mode of apondlog tbo timely a gamo called ' eye-pieplng,1 whlob oonalria of a pereon standing behind n aoreea, audlouklag through two boles, tho i£st of tbo oocnp&ay; meanwhile ondoavoring te dleaavcr to whom tbe eyrs belong, A dl'iu-jcsful oocu'ronce lately look plena at Ghoster; the 8nnday sohool of St. M<ry'a, Uhnroh of England, having been oics3d by order ol tho leotor, who, with hlo curate, had tried to Iqduoe tho trnohers belonging to It join with them In their infamoaaaasertioo,that it was n sin in tbo eight of God' to go to a dissenting plaoo of worship, Too rcotor, on their wisi rfiuiol to agree with euoh a re mark, Informed them that tboy wero not worthy to teach In his school, At on ort rtnlnment Elvon dt the Rsysl Hoflpitol ICilmanbrira, to &be; Tjord LUutsnant of Ireland by Sir Tnomas Steel, a number ot amateur Gbrizty Miuatreli sang extremely well, tbe 1 idles Inolnded cmongatthem bl»ok- lisg their facea to render tbs pirformancs mere complete, . So many gruvee have been rabbjd o! thofc ooctenta Id tbo New York oemetorloa that a Bfllltlenap '»hn hud lrtflf. hli rannhtfl. ....AlwaA on placing dynamiie In tbe spot where she was Interred In auoh a manner aa to rendu an explosion Inevitable should tbe gr&vo; bs molested, Tbo desecration be fearsd qc- onrrad; one of tbe men oouceraed In tbo aat losing bla life from tbo Injuries ho then re oelved. It ia to bo hoped that bis fats may put 0 itop to tbe revolting practice, A norlona funeral took plaoa rcoanfly In tbs Sheffield Cemetery when a deaf aad damb P'ffonwai burled, The bfctondants wuj all 1 nllofcea iu tbo sbujo way aa tbe deoeaaed, and tbe naporlntendant of tbo &pylum;, In order doubtl aa to Bympittolso na muob as possible wilb tbe mournore, pi rUrmed tbe atr/iOQ la tbe manner moat iotilllgible to tbem, A combination of Japanese feraa aud elmlax Is one of the Inteat fl.ral deo< rations, The effeot Is arid to be very good Tbe Dlania i'bj grown ao &b; to twlno around tho bemft ettm. While cr eosu guipure is said to be likely to prove ft very favorlto trimming for spring costume?. A new fctyla for tbe fronta of grona dine or gauze drjsats Ia tlftt oi oavrlog them with flota of naivjw tibboff, ondiag la ellve- aoaped allver crope. Molro fs much uitd f»r trlmmlog aoarfr, bodleee, oaper, eta, Woellm oresaca are Been trimmed wltb oasumerr, em- J10,'" i'id wllb silk pa3aemonteries, Olhtr mi terisls bav6 tbem of silk, wcrkod In the oamo manner, A strange requoat waa mado aomo time i ?i8, F»esldtnt Garfield, by a Njw York aolloilreaa and ntfcorney-afe-law, ' namely, that abe might bo sont on tbe Brazilian Mib- rion—tbe lady's olaims to auoh an appoint ment bejng that abe waa a good linguist, ac quainted with all tbe facto of tbe oase, and en nliniatfl lr sod of lbs Eiaperr an j Empress of that ocuolry 1' Twenty-eight hdiea of boner have been onoBen by the Bmpv-.ag of Austria elnoe the mirrlago of tbo Austrian heir, Tbe honor oon- lenoa upon thorn is of a aomewhsfe ooatly nf ?Ze» aA eacb on0 aocoidinp to tba rules of tbe Oourt, ti provide herself with from niieen to twenty moat expensive dresBoa, Tbo ouit'jm of warring false hair b»a pens wated even to Japan, Beveral of tbe Jopancoe lsdua having adopted it, and expressed muob Approval ol it, ljo Wc8jey.ru A-Idorohofc and Chatham soldiers and Srilors Homo waa opened re OEQtly by tbe Bake and Duoheas of Oonnaugbt, Thla is the brat, though it Is to be hoped far ' from tbe laat, Wfalaynn institution opened by a member o! the Royal Family, i, ® hundred and fiftyfive olergymou bfl longing to tbe Baptist denomination In Great Br. tain are b rid to have been tralnod for thelo ascrod duties In tbe IJevlQ.Sgusgaon's 2?Astore. College. " Thonumerona Victorian friends of Bishop Petry will be Interested Id learning tbt.t be waa one of the numerous assemblage of Corlstlau gentlemen of high position who met, by tbo invitation of Mr Maoarbhiu. the highly- efitoemcd Wealoyan Methodist Lord Mayor, nttho banquet glvrn by the lattar to tbo veteran African Mlaalonary, Br Moffat, who baa lately attained bla 85ib year, Amoagat the other gueata were tbe Arobbiabop of Canterbury, tho President of tbe Wes'eyan wunnrenor, uanon i«eror, tno Oflail of Sbafleabury, Dr Alhn, Bishop Olaughton, Dr Oaboro, Newman Hail, and Perolvnl Bant ing, Tbo flam of L1000 haa been granted by the Treasury for tho purpoae of restoring tbe burlai-ground In tbe yloinlty of WeatmlnateB Abbey, . that not less - than JLjJjOO will bo required for tbo ' fee payable' ti tao Dean aud Chapter of tba abova Abboy, la regard to tbo moaumont to bo erooted to the hta Efttl of Beaoonafield, It is ramoied tbit Prlnoo Loopold will proa ' bably take a very prominent part In the ' House ot Lords, The bonncta moat In 70gu6 Just now In Parla' ore cither of tbo capote etjto, wltb a projoctbg peak, cr composed wholly of flowers and of a Urge size. Wallflower ta very . popular, and made to resemble, the le&l; bloaaom mrBt successfully, - . Black beczaline! (a maob liked for'evonlng 'oopf.ume, mftdo with s tablitr of red satis covered with black net worked In gilt ana v> lvet to mQtob,tbo net tnan Applique patlern. The ploslron, whloh la gathered, Is of tbe oamo material oud hue as the toblier, and & belt to matohl8wcra with It, Though very ahowy, tbe dresp appears to find admirers, ' . An absurd kind ol nlaterhfta been aeon fa ono of tbe London thfl&irea;, 'made of white - satin, with ouffa and collar ot velvet ol the hue, - -- . A gentrona donation w&b; laid In the aolloat leg box of St, Jude'a Ohurob, Souths, beinor a cheque for L20Q0, It na given In aid ojf tho/ J land lor bulldlug ft new plaoe of woiahlp, . (The alteratlona ol the ' prayer divinely ' given' bib very great-ln the revised version of ; tho New Teatamont, and wlll aoarcely pleAaff those wbosfl llpa bavo' dally repeatid from oarlieBt oblldbood tbe bftUowsd words tanghl by tbo Mnfit.r Hlmailf - . . ... - 