WHO WERE THE FAIRIES? [COKNHILL MA0AZISE.1 .This curious stone weapon which I am hold- 1 ing in my hand, as I sit on the old toJuI bench beside tho glen, though rudo enough a I .to form and workmanship, has a strange til jeventful history of its own. In shape it ifr! semblcs an arrow head, and as an arrcwhaMI 'was fashioned bv the ancient ijeonlo who £nSI njadp use of it. But I have just bought iti?H jiixpfiuce— a cheap price as neolithic mirfeiiBJ gp-r-frpm the old ploughman yonder, AH .brought it up for my inspection this moni^BJ 'a8j,an elf-dart. And an olf-dart.lt reaUyHBH 'chipped and ground from a carnelisu peMsljBj tho elves or fairies who once lived oretdH Britain, and of whom so many wonderful li'B still survive in our midst. For if we may be lieve a most enticing theory of modern science, tho Elves are a real historical race, and the stories about them even now contain a kernel of historical truth. Their myth is a long one to unravel ; but it sheds so much light upon the origin and nature of many similar myths :etewho{fe.that,i|y ,j:perhaps worth the trou»Bj .otinnjiftwk.thoijghte . ,-jH We now know that at an early period for the present or recent epoch Northern Europe was inhabited by a race of men who used weapons and tools of polished flint and other hard stones. These men, whom we call by the name of Neolithic, must be carefully- distinguished from the far earlier paleolithic savages who lived before the last great glacial period, and who chipped the very rude stone weapons of tho drift, besides etching tho curious sketches of reindeers and mammoths on horn and ivory, w npU »«'» in so many French caves. The, paW-» mon belong to a remote antiquity, iWJj animals which roamed over- iurppe ™ . very different types from those which™* » habit it, and when a single race of wholly un varied savages spread throughout tno« aurfaco of tho habitable globe. The : «»» hatchets which they dropped by 'the !»-* tho Ganges hardly differ at nil fro' L-'* which they dropped by the banksof the Sob or tho Thames. But tho Neolithic men * whom we have here to denV Wl?9'iJ°L.xl advanced in all useful arts, and b^IFS, along wayon.tho upwwd l»*u-%r$p tion. They,, were, p.roftaUly. ,f-^|»j earliest Egyptian culture,; and^£0TtheI son with their palffiolithic PM^^I may be considered, as almost J^^J toi/cnl- personage.. No 'rj'gSl themfrom.our pwU Umes, W^^SS thifl of Northern. Eurppe sojjarato? ..thej? fj savages from thom.and.from us, ^osiiJ^B their sepulchres on .the suri-P-- ?\\}^JiM and-the temples or cromlechs wucht^J are still standing in our 'midst, aw jm they continued to live on.aud.to^ W ^ of stpn6,px.clusivoly,,a!i-t;o;-«s so^) WfTi four thousand years smce, ,„„,«?«!«? Tu statp flIeso.Ne^lit4.a (/''jfflM givo (henraname) were s^ort andbroa, ^ , ? as wo know from their bones. ? a n» m 1 Cinches was a giant among them and one of , inat ,1 feet was not accounted short ; while j some of them reached only to -1 feet 10 inches. ! ^ great many indications tend to identify them ; with that strangely isolated race, tho Basques j of the Pyrenees ; and, if this identification ho i correct, I may add that they were swarthy ? people, with dark hair and beady black eyes. | It is not unlikely that thc'small, dark, stumpy . little Etruscansbelougedtothesamestock. Most j of our knowledge of tlieNeolithsisderivcdfrom | tho study of their tomb3 or barrows, of which , a large number may still be found, capping the j green summits' of our downs, or standing out ? boldly on the' sky-line of- our upland plains, j This particular elf'bolt on which I am now ! discoursing came from the cutting whero tho j new road passes through tho great oval tumn- ; Ins on tho edge yonder, know as Barrow-hill. Each such tumulus is tho burial-place of some Neolithic chieftain, and it-casts much light on Hie life and mode of thought of the peoplo who built it. Tho barrows in question consist; as a rule, of a long mound or hoap of earth, cover ing and enclosing a chambered tomb. They were constructed by building- first a hut of huge unwrought stones, Bet on edge, and then plac ing other Jarge slabs across thorn on top. Into tho houso'thus formed, which probably repre sented the homo of tho dead chieftain during life, they laid 'tho body for burial, in a crouch ing posture, as they usually slept. Then they built up a long entrance or. passage, andcovcred tho whole with a great mourid of looso- earth. Sometimes they put a few.olargo stones on top to mark the place, and snrrounded the whole mound with a wall and ajringof rude obelisks, as many in number as tlio'fenetnie.i whom the tod chieftain had slain. \ Kit's Coty Houso in I Kent is such a- Neolithic itomb, uncovered arid1 j exposed to view by the rtimoval of the earth which once formed the mbnnd. On tho -Wilt-. bhire nnd Gloucestershire! downs, many ,others i remain as yet intact ; itind~lhey have only !l.itcly been opened by mddcrn.antiquarian re f search.*. ' j Sir. Herbert Spencctfs-lmhinoHS -investi-: | cations lihto primitive iiloas ?helpna to un Sderatand' these arrangements. :They.all de fpend npbn the belief in t'aeoontinued existence JoE the deaU man or his {jb'ost. ''The .tomb,' Sjmys Professor Boyd Di*iinB, ''was! to tho: I Jfeolithio'mind as truly the (habitation of tho Spirits ofthe dead as thoHhutwas that of tho ? living, tft was the liometojtho 'dead chieftain, iand the centra into !-vtt«hich the ? mem ? Ibcra of the family ? .or olan were | 'gradually gathered, and -.wRero they. Ml la joyoujand happy life, similar 'to that which' Ithey enjoyed on the oartE?'. VHenceywhenrthe, jljfeolithic'chieftain died, ho was buried with all Iliis belongings. His an'Owiibeads,, his- stone ihatchcMri11'' his cups oritbdwls of rude pottery Swero laidhy his side, foivitfseiin.the world .of Stpirits ; ha'hd there we still'-Srid'them whon wo Sopcn the' barrows at the'-present day. :His jamher rieckletand goldjitririkots were placod M»n his corpse. Moreover; .iAttfiis* funeral- many Bof his wives nnd slave3 were.yput -to death,, as Kthey still- are ic Dahomey.audin tho South ?Sea Islhttds, in order thiititheir-ighosts might Saccompany him to the spirit world, arid -wait Supon him as i they liad dpno on ?? earth. Their Hcleft skills may yet bo fdiirid beside thouhhurt «Bkcleton-of the dead chief. ''Wild ? boar,-.'deer, apigs arid-oxen were alsai (eaten at the' funeral afcast, and' their bones wefco:placed in1 thetomb Mora lika purpose, that (ihe'ghost might-hunt itheir ghosts in. the other world. Thus the chief ^continued to: live on in' 'his, -grave as he- had fflived before, i surrounded it-.by all tho ..objects fswhich ho needed; nndittsoinotimes 'Btalking |[abroad at night to visittibis friends in. 'dreams, ;§or by day to aid them ih'ba'ttle. -against. their geneniies.' Not was thisiall. sin order to pro. Ifjiitiato the ghost, or to obtain its assistance in gtimo of. war, offerings were.'constantly mado at ffitliotonlb. Tho slabs ail tho stone chambers Wiave lititle cups or hollows onthoir upper sur Ifiace, intended to hold ispreaentB of meat and ?drink for the. spirit within.- :Subh 'offerings to Htlie dead are common .'at - tho ? presont day Bimongsiall savage tribes;, and the idea -.which Kdictatei.Jthem is exactly ;tho .same as in jKNeolithio times. Wo shall see hereafter that ^ifts arB still: offered in SBuropo-at' tho present Spy onitha tdinbs of tlieaewery iame Noolithic Hcliiettafos. B So rfar wo seem iio:!shaye .done very Kittle towards identifying ithb. elves orfairies Kivith thoiNcolithic ghosts. (But we, can easily wra the. beginning of tht) (transforming:; process givhen wo remember tlmti'Europo was ? overrun Msome four thousand yeajBrBinee by -a- .new; nnd EintriiBiTe race, tho Aryta' Colts. These Celts Hecciu atfo-st to have beoni.tbomselvesi.armed Hjvith Btoho ^yeapons, btiiiint.a very early 'date ntney learnt to manufacture weapons of bronze. I tgfr Britain at least, arirti.prpbably elsewhere, j Wne Celts are distingujfehed from tho earlier gnon-Acydn race aa a brorizeVusing from a stone gpms people. Now wq..--know . from ..their »cmaiii3 that the primitive KCelts wore a tall { ?PM muscular set of men, -vory different in j HgWuroand appearance from the small Neoliths, ! Bpnto whose country theyieame.. .There was a ' »onstant warfare betwee«::the two races,: and : ?™»ly tho Celts spreaa.over the -wholo-of ?|»istcmiuropo, oithemaa.ooloniBts or cUio as ?Pnilinf! caste settled do-wn .amongst tho Bmall ? Wm\ swarthy , Iberians. (iBut , the Celts did not ; Hi 7 ,the tomba offitho.-. elder ohioftains, \ B'™5,' tllesenre difreront in .sliapo from their ; mm barrows. Thoy would, have been afraid ' ™»aoso,for;fcarof briitgins upon -themselves i »«ewathofitho ghost.::. Indeed, superstitious ' ?''ignorant people everywhere nre vorvohary ' ?p moving or desecrating! a tumulus ;.'and bo : W««yasl8r,9 a farmer ? in the Islo of .'-Man '- Btor -? ifcr m a IJumWfferingot a- borrow ' E 1Ym™1(i-Ili11. wbiohhad beon ilatelv:, MIT ^ Me3srs' Oliver and Oswald; in order : ?Z),. tho anSer of it» occupant at -this do- - HS™';. In tllis wWand owing to itheso M^ngH, the tombs of the.-NeoUthio age-iavo Bti '5en(!Iflly preservod aaobjeots ofsnpersti Hill w i or Bo luan.V centuries throughout ''Jjf^^urope. And now comes in. tho SeV!l ° mytl1' 'As the ghosts which ? ntariV « ? ° early tombs -were small and nny, they camo to be thought of. as littlo m» who: dwelt underground, -and' there SpiT* utenHiIs ot stone and amber, or bbpiS .' treasure8i such as wo know aro feS** 'WM in the barrows. And as tho that t-.li myths always to exaggerate, so Pow infWT &°w into B-ants and small races NcolitW°f a-v*.rffl'-tll0-inhabitants of. -the tiny sot f !'? g.rew t0 bo '?egarded as a voiy 'latostil P.1,''8 indeed. Moreover, as ghosts feadal « UB° conquered race, they were \---Jif^^rjlian reverenced, and thoy be camo objects of a curious but not very intense fear. Their small size, indeed, nnd thu tradi tion of their helplessness — for thu Iberians were but a fe'oblo folk, ill protected by their stone hatchets from tho bronze battle-axes of the sturdy Celt — prevented the legend from re presenting them as really formidable ; but they were regarded as at tho root of all petty mis chief whatsoever. It wns they who curdled tho milk, who dried up the teats of tho cowe, or who led meu astray of nights. They were a jealous little peoplo, too, who bore ill-will towards any man who spoke badly of them, and who resented nny slight to tliuir dignity with marked ill-tompeiv They made the child ren sick, and they, plaguod'the cattle with mur rains. Thoy spoilt the water in the wells, and they burnt up tho corn in the fields. In short, they did Ml Ihoharm that hostile ghosts conld do; considering their small stature and. their consequently slight power of ? doing active in 'jury. i-Honco they were propitiated as'far.as. IJossibleby the Colts, and by the -.later -races,1 'Buoh.ias the English, who learnt the ; Celtic superstitions from their Wolsh slaves. j 'TothosesmallnnderqrrfundBpiritBthenamesof elves and fairies came to bo applied. IThe first is the true Teutonic word ; the second is a Latin, form, used by the Komanised- Celtic-races to ?translate some native word.! It is- derived from: tho.Lntan Fata, or, as':Bomo-vill:Jiaveit/from: Fatua'.*'. The Provencal form is 'Pddaj arid tho French ib Fee. ?'? The 'real 'Norman'-EngKalv' equivalent h-Fd;/. ; bnt wo now moraigenerally use the word 'Fairy; which-. is oficourso.- origin ally a collective form, meaning the kingdonv-or tribe of Fays. All theso Ilomancewotds, however, have really, nothing to do withrthe origin of the myth, because they aro, mere late ..translations, adopted by tho Celts of; Gaul and Spain as tho nearest Latin equivalents fotiana-j '.tive word, .whon they, lost their own.Jangua!»es.: i'JOho one -important i faotto- note ,-is this, .that ? these niames cluster ; most thickly. about: the Neolithic tombs and the objects found in- them. Many Neolithic interments took place inxaves ; arid auclna cave is-known in ProvoncalFranoe ' by tho rname of T,nww cleia 'Fadas^arid'.ih ? Frencli'speaking ? districts . as ' Qrotte ? des IFiesl -Stono ! avenues or 'monoliths -of tho ?..same a«o are constantly, called .?Picrrca ?'clea-.'Fees. The great'dolmen.at 'Lacmariaker. (Morbihan) bears inVBreton the.na- mooffMannd-er-H'roelc ^-whibh probably .. gives -.us-.tho^.truo-'Geltic word — and in tFrenoh ;.that of Monttujna rfc- la Ftc. In England .and in -Sweden : similar , pillars or cromlechs are;: known as elf-stoncs. .OountEy.people i oallilint::arrows, such as that .-which Ihbldinmyihand.'by.tho name of elf shots, elf-idarts or-'elf Aolts jrand stono hatchets are constantly:flpbken6f-ias;fairy-axos. If we put together ? all 'these -{'facts, a3 well as the' underground life of thefairieB; and tho curious objects they are -supposed ?: to ; frame, we can hardly resist tho inferencotthat the elves really represent the ghosts in the'Neolithic tombs. ' Fairy, land,!!.says'llr. Wright, ' was gene rally describedas situated under tho surface of our earth.' One of its entrances was the Peak Cavern of Derbyshire — a known place of inter ment in the stono age. 'The popular belief,' Mr. Kemblo tolls :ois, 'was that buried treasure was guarded ' by spells, and loaded with a curse 'Which would cling to the dis ooverer.' Tho significance of these ideas is obvious. All the petty . superstitions oonnected with stono implements or barrows point in the aamo direction'.^For instance, it is well known that tho elves .jnake children ill, and this is aj ?.common feature of all hostile spirits; thp'ghosts of actual or ^historical enemies.- Near Linde, :in Sweden, is ansearth-fast. stone or monolith, marking tho -tomb of aj'Neolithio chief, and ?known, as usual, by the, namo of the olf -stone. On ita flat upper surface 'ore sixrsmall holes,' originally made to receive thoxifferings to the ghost from his own poople. vNowadoys, when ? a ohild is ill, or/as'tbeyisay,!;'' elf-struck,' the women of tho village .Vi&itcthis; stono, smear ? the holes with fat or buttec,:and place in them, as offerings, small .rag- dolls., -There, can be ?little , doubt that these:rag»ddlls are the last ..vestige of human victims; once sacrificed at the tomb to appease the elve3i whaisent the pesti lence. -Near Enkbping.is aisimilar rock with a onp-ahapod' hole, known.as . tho'Elf-pot. 'The women of the neighborhoodimaka a viBit to the spot every Thursday,, to .anoint the ;olfipot, for the sick -.with hog's : lard; and. to dfferlin! it a' -pin orisomo other objeot; of. ismall: value. -In both these coses we have relic3 of the.propitia : tion duo tool hostile ghoet. Af\Minchin.bHamp ton, in j, Gloucestershire, there -ia an tanoiont standing-Stone, or menhiii called the1 long Stone, ' which iiBtands on . a.slight elevation,' the rein-1 .nnnt,..os.,Dr. Thurnam thinks,-:ofiiA ^Neolithic -,baiTow. iNearitlie ''bottom of :,this stonois a natural ^perforation through-. wjbioh.-notimany years ainco, : -children used to be, passed: foci'the cure or prevention [of measles and: hooping- cough. In this -instance -wo have a'.Bortof anticipatory, precaution, a- nominal devotion of thochildreujto the elves in order i. to. appease their dignitvjraud so prevent.themfromisend ing diseosea; : '..Tho holed stones of OornwaU are similarly '.employed, and, ini India iBuclii holed stonc3 aro-common, and are used i ins just !the same way. .iEude pillars of Neolithic age/ivith the littla.-oup.shaptid hollows mentioned above, oconrall over tho Continent, fromthe Pyrenees t to Scandinavia, aad are known as ' fairy Houps,'' ' elf- cups,' .?marmUet du\diable,f- and ''atones of the, dead:', To , the -present day, they-are' often filled with butter, or Jar'd by the peasantry.' The ' foreignstono' -at Stonehenge has,' two suchcavjtios out in;its surface. - Occasionally these essentially ''hDathou.objeota have been1 Christianised by tho addition of an emblem.' ' In .the neighborhood of Niemegk-in-dor- ' Mark in:-Prussia,'isays (Mr. Boyd Dawkin?, ' there isa holod stene bonring the name of Bis ? choss-stein, and.the;figure.of a cross. and of a cup. In;no lessthnn 27- ohurohes . im.Prussia, nnd two in Sweden, these 'holes have- been made in the wplls of. churohes after they were built. In the town of Griefswald it used form erly to be thapractico to get rid. of fevers and : other maladies by blowing into .them.- Some ?-tinies they. boar marks of haying/been recently; j filled withgreaso.' The:significanco: of these1 . facts,, whon placed beside -those already mon-' . tioned, con hardly bo mistaken jjnridjwhen we ?Tills lattor dorivatlon1 13 apparently ncaoptod by most folk-lorlsts ; but I confess Its philological cor rectness Ioolis doubtful. According to all analogy, fee points back to fata, not to fatua. t In Christian times tho devil has Inherited pro prietary rights In many objects which onco belonged to. the elves. Tlio..Church.rcgard(!d_thcm as evil spirits, and thoy aro constantly spoken of as fiends or demons. Ilcnco most names which onco contalnod thu title of tho olvos have, heon transferred to tho devil. This Is tho origin of many amonj tho Devil's Dykes, Devil's Jumps and Devil's Punchbowls now scattered over England ; though these are doubtless in some cases due to Teutonic gods. 'Dæmones' is tho regular name for the fairies in tho ecclesiastical Latin of Anglo-Saxon writers. Tho 'devils' of witchcraft are undoubtedly identical with tho elves. consider the frequency with which Christian churches have been built above previously sacred sites, I cannot resist the suggestion that the holed stones in these churches may really be old Neolithic monuments worked into tho walls. In Sweden, according to M. Hilde brand, they are still called elf-stones, and tho offerings placed in them are definitely said to bo intended for tho elves. 'The cup-stones,' says Mr. Dawkins again, ' are still pointed out to the stranger on the moors near Kyam, Derbyshire, and they were used for offerings when the village was desolated by the plague.' Here, as ever, we 6nd the elves regarded as hostile, Bpirits, who send ^pestilence, but who may beypropitiated by i offerings, often of a ridiculously slight character. There -is one way, 'however, of keeping ?in ? check - not only ghosts and ? elves, but living men as well. :Jf you possess any object ^belonging to your enemy, .you are able- to '.charm or .bewitch -him with it ; fora portion of his spirit or personality is in herent in it, and by means of this, portion you -becomo master of all his actions. '.Henco a lock ribfrthe victirii's hair or. a- paring of,-his nail is of great-use in witchcraft to givo you- power over -.thecperson bewitched ;- and some object belong ?lingito the victim,- or-at least his full- and pro , per-.namoi 13 absolutely requisito for thosuccess ?of the.wizard. So, too, wo Europeans give locks of our hair, arid tho Chinese give finger nails, to friends a3 a pledge or . keepsake :. and by so - doing we put ourselves in- their power, and express our perfect confidence ? in their good-\vill. ? Superstitious people bum their nail-parings, lest thoy should fall into the i hands of on enemy. In this way, then, it may : 'be: possible , to control tho elves, by gaining , possession .of something which once belonged -.tothemjrand hence the origin of tho supersti tious virtneBattached to stono weapons through out.'EuTope. Dr. Mitchell, in his interesting world on 'The Past in the Present,' gives a graphic account of tho honor still paid in Hcot ilorid to the flint arrowheads, which are known 'there, and all over Europo, as elf-bolts or 'fairy-shots. They are supposed to protect tho : person who owns them from disease, from loss of cattle,* and from petty misfortunes ; exactly :tho sort of ^-mischief known to be wrought by tho elves. Theyhavo been worn as charms in all times, and thoy sometimes form tho central pendant or amrilet of .the magnificent necklaces found in Etruscan. tombs. As the Etruscans were themselves in.:all-:probability of Iberian or Euskarian s origin-r-an isolated body of Neolithic. people,'8urronnded by Aryan neigh bors— ^this':ca3e'.anay.be.»looked upon as most closely ?oonnebted-rtnth.tancestor-worship, tho object .'6f-vtho,charmtbeing.to. gain tho aid of dead i chieftains, .rather. :than moroly to avert their '.anger. To : the --(present day,- carnelian necklaces uu'cimade. by thoBosniaii peasants in the shapo -bf-ithsac i.Bametttrrowhoads. Frag ments -chipped .; from : the- monoliths of. Stone henge aro'als61:belioved.to, possess .magical Tir-| tues, -espeoially... against 1 toads, -.-whibh aro universally TieoogriiBed : as '.uncanny : animals' connected^nth-elves^witdhea and other powers1 of evil. FlintJflakes,i'in like manner,, used ns knives in. 'Neolithic: times, have beenemplovcd as amulots by;daterraoe3. .They are constantly buriedin' tdmb3'6f /1'eutohicdatcto protect tho t,'host:againnt!-hostilo ghosta ;--and-.:according to M. de~'MortUlot;ithey are found in Merovingian grave8',uridor- circumstance3--.whioh.olearly show them toiihave^boenJintondodiBsoliarms. They have also ' been-idiscovorod.in Celtic; tombs of the Roman age at -Weston- super-Maro and in Thanet. Thus the importance of : tho elf-bolt and the fairy knives isTOCognised -wherever tho fairy superstition exists or. Jios. existed. Still more curious are tho'notionsof luck oon neeted with the poliBhedstonehfttdiets.'In Eng land and Scotland these areiuniversally, known as thunderbolts : that is; to say,1 bolts or darts of tile god Thuuor, moro familiar, to most of us in his Scandinavian dress:a3\\.Thor. ,'The;words Thunor and Thunder aro absolutely- identical, the name of the god and the thing . being, the same in Anglo-Saxon.t In Gonnany..; arid Scandinavia they. iare known as Shot's iiham- mera ; and thereis no.doubt that the: hammer with which Thoris armed in the -myths is de ? rivedfrom tlie ideasuggestedbystonohatohets. , 'Thunor,' says ian Jnglo-Saxonipoom.'Vwili rthresh them \vjth his fiery axe.' '?TheTeutons picked up the3e polished -objects, evidently 1 works of art, but not madeby^any.racewith1 whom thoy were acquainted.;and:thcyrcamo' to the natural conclusion uthat itheyt must be' divinely wrought, andfmust bo,h61t3..which the; thunder-god, hurled down, ifierytire'd; 'from the' nngry clouds. Henco^aBiBr.KMitchelLtells.us,; such. thunderbolts aro'ieptinthouBes in,iSoot-; land to protect them i against; lightning. ) If you have in your possessions ,weapon-of: the god Thor you are ablevtoiholdihim:in olieck, and prevent him from ihurtingvyou. 'It, is! noticeable that thisBuperstitionvismostrifain1 tho Scandinaviaudistricts of Caithness; Suther ;lnnd, and the Isles; though it has spread thence' 1 over tho whole of Scotland. But mixed .-with; tthis late and Teutonic form of belief there is' ion earlier and underlying- Celtic form. The I thunderbolts or stono axes are not only useful 1 against lightning,1 they are also used as charms iio. heal the sick arid to avert the evil eyo from ; men and beasts j'that is to say, to counteract ithe ibad influence of. Ttho. fairies. Here wo lidlearly see the older elf .theory mingled with the -.newer Teutonic mythology. 'Even thundor it 1 self .was supposed to be due in part to tho olves ; for example, Ariel hurled lightning at the ship :intho Tempest, and^theichabit of turning milk sour) points in the samadireotioji. '. -Dr.' Mitohell BpqciaUy mentions, that Btone hatchots are sup posed to prevent the millcof cows from drying up ; and we know that this praotice of'drying up milk ia one ; of the.-.favorito ? tricks of the elves. :$' In Greece,'!isayB Mr. Dawkins, '- the . smaller ones. ware used as ..amulets, and imita tions .of thomwere.ma'de in-;sardonvx and car ? nelian. Somooovon of i the -larger' ones have been- perforated for-Btfsponsiori.' - A small jade axe found in- Egypthasboth its faces ongraved vwith.. Gnosticoharmsvinii the -idebasod. Greek .character current ; in Alexandria ; during' the Kthird'nnd fourth coritaries. ;I?am ,iuclinod-to ithink^iadeed, thal.iall-the- jnystio ' virtues i:'at-' itaohBd'tojado in early-'ymea are really .'due, riot to the material, but to tho 'fact of its be '?' ing worked up into the best and handsomest 'Perhaps tho Ncollthlo serfs, likothoir modern descendants In Ireland, waged a smouldorlng warfaro Jjy.JiougulnK.cattle. . At anv rato, injuries to cow* and horses aro always attributed to tho fairies. ♦The intrusive d in tho modem word comes through tho genitive Thunres or other obllquo cases ; and it is thus exactly analogous to cewlre and cinder frpin cinerem, to gendre from gencrum, and to tho Greok diidros for micros from antr. (The hedgehofr la specially oonncctcd with fairies (as' in the 'Tempest' and 'Midsummer Night's Dream1'), and it still has tho reputation of sucking cows' milk as thoy lie on tho ground. ' Neolithic weapons. Tho possession of a jade hatchet would thus be peculiarly important, as giving the owner control over an exception ally great and powerful ghost. ' G.A. [To iik Concluded in ouh Nhxt.] 