THE INSTALLATION" OF DR. J. M. GUNSON, AS A KNIGHT OF ST. GREGORY THE GREAT. On Sunday afternoon. August 21, a ceremony interesting to most people and of the greatest importance to our .Roman Catholic fellow colonists was performed at St. Franois Xavier's Cathedral, when Dr. J. M.Gunson, who has for the last twenty-live years been a most promi nent and active member of the Roman Catholic Church in this province, was solemnly in stalled as a Knight of the Order of St. Gregory the Great. About two months ago, when replying to an address of welcome which was presented to him on his r6turn from a visit to Rome and Great Britain, His Lordship the Bishop, Dr. Reynolds, stated that His Holiness the Pope had manitested the most affeotionate interest in his people in South Australia, and that his blessing had n rfe been confined to words; that at hi3 Lordship's request His Holinesshad nominated Dr.Guuson, who bad been such a faithful servant of the church for over a quarter of a century, a Knight of the Order of St. Gregory the Great. He then impressed upon these present the high character of the distinction conferred, and its value as a proof that His Holiness in the midst of all his cares was not unmindful of his children in this colony. It may hB mentioned that the order ha9 up to tho present time been conferred on only fifty-one gentlemen, and that besides Dr. Gunson, whoistheferty-uinth reci pient, there are 'out four other gentlemen in the colonies who enjoy the distinction. A ierge number of parsons assembled 5u tho Cathedral to witness the ceremonial, wnieh on the whole was of a very imposing chaiacter. A few of the front seats were reserved for the members of the Hibernian Society, a number of whom appeared in regalia, and Mrs. Guusoa and one of fcer sons were accommodated with chairs. Dr Gunson, who was seated nearly opposite the Bishop's throne, wa3 attended by Mr. Ma'colm H. Daviea as squire, and his sons John and "Wm. Gunson as pages. At 8 o'clock His Lord ship the Bishop accompanied by the Very Rev. Yicer-General and a number of other members of the clergy, and attended by the _ Rev. Fathers Roper and Ooonan R3 ministers, proceeded to the altar, the choir _ aiog ing " Laud ate pueii domine." His Lordship took ins seat on his*throne, and was vested-prepara tory to the installation. He then took his seat in front of the altar, and the declaration of Bone Leo XIII. creating Dr. Gunson a Knight of Kt.Gregoiy the Great, was read by Father Roper. The Bword was blessed by His Lordship, and Tueyers were recited asking that the wearer of the sword might have strength and courage in the defence of faith and justice; that he might have an increase of faith, of hope, and of charity; and that he might not unjustly inj are any one, but always defend that which was just and right and faithfully fulfil his duty. The sword was then sprinkled with holy water, and His Lordship gave the sword unsheathed to the Knight,and said, "Receive this sword in the name of the Father, of the Sou, and of the Holy Ghost, and use it in thy own defence, and in the defence of the Catholic church, for the confusion of the enemies of the Oro£3 of Christ, and of the enemies of the Christian Faith; and, a3 far 63 human frailty will permit, unjustly injure no man with it—which may He grant, who with the Father and the Holy Ghost Iivc3 and reigns, God for ever and ever." Replacing the sword in the scabbard His Lorksbip girb it on the knight, saying, " Gird thy ioius rightly with this tby sword and know that ike Saints, not .by sword, but by faith, vanquished kingdoms." The cross of the crder was then fixed on the breast of the Knight, and he having made three passe3 with the sword and wipea it on his left arm, His Lordship gave him the kisa of peace, saying, " Feace be with thee." Taking the sword in bis right hand, His Lordship thxice gave the Knight the accolade, saying, "Be a peace ful Knight; firm, faithful, aud devoted to God;" and afterwards, "Arise from the slumber of unrighteousness, be watohful in the faith of Christ, and be of good repute." After seme further devotional exercise Sis Lordship resumed his seat on his throne, the Knight bBing seated on his right hand, and the Very Rev. Prior Butler preached a discourse, which was listened to with the greatest attention. The discourse was as follows: — "Eslo Milespacificus, strenuas, fidelis, et Deo dctolus."—" It may appear strange to behold here to-day the hand conseorated for peace offerings and blessings bestowing ou the dis tineuished gentleman whom we have met to honor, the symbol of his knightly honor. Whence dees the Catholic Church derive her right to confer such boners, and above all what has she to do with the sword? 1-. not her mission but to preach and keep entirely within the sanctuary ? These may be the thoughts of many regarding the ceremony we are witnessing to- day within the walla of this sacred edifice. A complete answer to such, as well as a vindica tion of her action, will be found in the con sideration of—LgWhat was. the mighty work which tho church had to accomplish in the world. 2. How she acquitted herself of the task. It is not necessary, nor is it my intention, to enter into a critical examination of the right of the Popes or of tne church to csufer honors and to inflict punishments. It will Insufficient should it be shown that there existed no other power that has done so much for civilization, art, law, science, learning, aud all that consti tutes the greatest good of sooiety; aud that from inherent right, from the prescription of ages, frcm the admission of all civilised countries, she has the best claim to single out these of her. children who have been distin guished ebove .their fellows, and place on their trows tho laurel of victory or gird them with the ewcrd of honor. What, then, was this great work which the church had to accomplish? . We speck not here of her divine mission to preach . end administer the sacraments, but of that mis sion to civilise, elevate, and refine men; to reach them correct principles of right; to giveiaws and constitutions; to encourage learning and patro niseait; to shield the defenceless; to help the weak; to withstand the tyrant cad oppressor; to be tbe bulwark of Christendom and the eaviourof humanity. The great KomanEmpire reached the summit of its power when Chris tianity entered on her glorious career. From the Tigris to the Pillars of Hercules, and from the burning sands of Numidia to the frozen forests alcDg the Baltic, the imperial away of the mighty empire was acknowledged. But in the very meridian of its greatness there were not wanting signs of its decay. Fierce hordes, too, v ere gathering on its frontiers who, inaucoesBive waves of invaeioD, swept over the various regions of Europe and engulfed in a crimson tide pagan art and civilization. Vandals, Goths, Franks, Allrtanni, Hnns, Bnrgundians, Lombards, S avi, Normans, Bulgarians, again and again rushed onwards in countless numbers; towns and cities wei e given to the flames; the miserable inhabitants were swept into captivity or slaughtered in defending their homes. Theout Jjing parts of the empire first experienced the rude shock. England in 449 was invaded by the Saxons, and in a century barbarism ruled there fromKeEtto Caledonia; Spain in 468 fell under the power of the Visigoths, Gaul in 481 under the Franks, and Italy in 493 under the Oster fotbs. From the fifth to the ninth century Europe became a prey to all thG evils of famine, pestilence, barbarism, bloodshed, ignorance, and crime. 1 here was but one small spot where learning eat secure and religion held peaceful sway; away in the green island of the West, tho island of saints, of poetry, and of song. Who was to bring order out of this wild ohaos, light from out the gloom of such darkness ? Who could tame the wild passions of Vandal and Hud, and turn the savage warsong of the VikiBgs into hymns of peace ? There was but cne power that had tbe will and the means to effeotsueh a change, and that power was the Catholic Church. The Holy Pontiffs who eat in the chair of St. Peter were the men who civilised these terrible savages. Not alone did her Leo face Attila, the scourge of God, aud obtain peace and favor for the people, but the Popes sent forth their missionaries to evangelise these warriors, before whom these warriors were scattered like chaff, and the empire went down .amidst carnage and fire. About the ninth century a new Christian empire begins to • emerge from the scattered and discordant elements which lay around. Charlemagne is crowned Emperor by Pope Leo III, in 800, and modern Europe begins its career. The law of theohurch is taken as Ike basis of the law in . every country in- Europe. From the ninth to the fourteenth century the Oatholio Church was the great power in Europe, and what of good did she not accomplish ? Learning was restored. Then was established the Universities of Europe, Asia, Rome, Bologna, Paris, Oxford, Cambridge, Salamanca, and by express command of the Popes. Then were those oathedral schools en dowed and founded, which have survived even to this day. Ignorance and prejudioe may attempt to call these ages dark; but measure them by their works, and see if ignorance and superstition.mark these. Were the barons at RunDvmede led on by a Pope's legate ignorant ,0f the grand principles of liberty and law? Were there ages dark which have given to -Europe imperishable monuments of highest art? Stand before one of those grand cathedrals of this period, examine its minutest details, the haimony of all its parts; its ponderous yet graoeful towers; its soaring spires; its buttresses hung in mid-air. Enter through that majestic poroh: look along these pillared walls; see that grand and fretted roof; those mnllioned windows whioh stain in a thousand tints tho tesselated pavement. Behold that altar, with its varied marbles; its exquisite and delicate workmanship. Hear that burst of glorious melody, and the swelling tones of the organ, and then tell me if the minds which designed and the hands that exeoufced these were the slaves of ignorance and super stition. In the ninth century the feudal system took its rise. With, all its faults, it has done much for humanity and religion; it bound all the members of a State together in a com' munity of interest and protection. The poor man seived, and in turn was defended by his lord, who himself was bound to the King, while over all was the Common Father of Christen dom, whose authority was acknowledged, and whose decrees were obeyed in every land. War and plunder had been the only trade of the tierce nations which had settled in Central and Southern Europe. But the Catholic Church taoght the warrior to draw his sword only in defence of the widow and the orphan, to shield the weak and defend the right, as is said in the prayers with which 6he blesEes her knightly sons. Chivalry then was the consecration of all that was brave, and holy in war. It was the church that inspired the lofty principles of justice and humanity which gave to the grim profession of arms its poetry and romance. ' Este paoificus,' be gentle as a iamb, was the exhortation of the cbnrcli—take for your model that greatest of mortals, the mother of God. Bet her pitying and loviDg looks ever be present before yon. Do cot close your ear to the cry oE distress. Honor woman because Mary your queen i3 the mother of your Redeemer. The worship oE the Blessed Virgin has done more to eoften the etein manner of men, to elevate and refine their feelings, to teach them to do great and noble things thanaDy other form of devotion, and this is certified to even by the enemies of the church. Be strenuous (strenuus) says the church. At the call of duty, when juatioe has to be upheld and its violators punished; when the cry of the orphan and widow is raised; when the oppressor of God's poor,, or His church is to be withstood; then rush forth strong in right. Heed not the opposing forces, but wills thy trusty blade strike for right, for liberty, and for God. Be faithful ( iicldis) to all. Bet thy word be sacred as thy cause is boiy. Faithful to her to whom you have plighted your knightly vow; faithful to your irieud; faithful to your King, whether on rhe tented field or in the counoil hall. Et Deo dtvoiv.3— devoted to God. You are not a mer cenary to sell y our aword to the highest bidder. You ate God's servant. Let your virtues shiDe forth then, and be the Christian knsghb sans pair et sans reprocke. " See the bright examples of Christian chivalry in the Cid of Spain and Bayard of France— men the very flower of heroic virtue. See, too, the benign influence', of the church in the in stitution of the Truce of God. She could not entirely prevent bloodshed, but she lessened its evils, and gave a breathing time for peace and calm reflection. From Wednesday to Monday morning during Lent and .Advent, and for two weeks after Christmas and Easter it was pot lawful to avenge any injury, and the heaviest censures of the church fell on the man tnat cared to violate this Truce of God. Saohwaa the great Christian republic mainly oreated and i lostered by the Catholic Church. She had res cued it from tfco darkness of barbarism, held aloft the lamp of learning, mitigated the horrors of war, and festered the gfntle arts of agricul ture and peaoe when the very existence of Europe was again endangered and th8 black cloud of ignorance and fanaticism rose threaten ingly above itshozizon. In the seventh century, 622, Mahomet, the cameldriver of Mecca, pro claimed his mission of bloodshed and licentious ness, dubbed himself a prophet, and unfurled the standard of ignorance and rapine. The teeming hordes of the desert, the wandering tribes of Tartary, and the swarthy children of the sun came roiling like lava over the Eastern Empire. Sn ten years Syria, Meso . potamia, Persia, Egypt, and Lybia were rent Irorn the Empire of Constantinople, acknow ledged the impostor, and worshipped at Mecca. A century did not elapse till the whole north of Africa was addec! to the Caliphate,and his standard even waved in triumph over the walls of Granada. There was a time when Asia Minor and Alexandria were the home of learnirg and the granary of Europe. What have they become under the blighting influ ence of Mobammedau rulePJgaoraDcs supreme, squalor, poverty, rapine, lust, and fanaticism— are not these the curees which lie so heavy on the richest and loveliest land which the sua shines upon. Where now are those highly culti vated minds that stored up the learning of aufl quify in the library of Alexandria ? Gone, like the precious manuscripts themselves, to feed the flames kindled by brutal ignorance. This was the dread darger that menaced Europe now that she was rescued from bar barism, and was putting forth her energies of mind and Laud under the wise and fostering care c-f the Popes of Home. They it was who, szeirg the gathering storm, sounded forth the alarm. Urban II. summoned the Powers of Europe. He pointed out the danger, he de scribed the sufferings of their fellow-Christians under the Mohammedan yoke, and in language of burning eloquence asked them to drive back tbe foe, resoue the holy plaoes from their de secrating grasp, free their enslaved brethren,and fight for right and freedom .and for God. At that voice ten thousand swords leap from their scabbards, and seventy times tea thousand go forth sgainst tbe foe; the Cr038 ou their shoulder and "Gcd wills it" as their battle cry. Fcr two centuries did Europe send forth its chivalry to contend against the fiery valour cf Saracen and Moor. Then were performed feats cf erms and heroic virtues which shall live for ever enshrined in story. Godfrey de Bouillon, Tancred, Robert of England, St. Louheof France, areKnightssan.speur it sans re jircehe, who, gentle in peace, were liens in the field, whose good swords were ever used to punish injustice, strike down tyranny, guard the weak, terrify the infidel, and right the oppressed. The Crusades saved Europe from barbarism, they gave an impetus to commerce, they taught navigation and geography,, they prepared the way for discovery,they brought home many relies of ancient letters, they strengthened the brotherhood of nations by mingling men of different countries in the same enterprise, they afforded a vent for the pent-up valor of Europe and thus relieved it of a dis turbing element, and they gave to the world tfcose military orders which were the embodi ment of the spirit of the age and the genius of Christianity. In the year 1048 some Neapolitan merchants founded at Jerusalem a hospice for the reception of pilgrims, and this they placed under the care of some religious men who bound them selves by vow to attend to the sick and defend the pilgrims to the holy places. The saintly Bishop of Boy drew up a rule for their guidance. Thus the Knights of St. John of Jerusalem, or tbe "Hospitallers," as they were called, were tbe mailed warriors of Holy Church. So, too, were the Knights Templars, Knights Teutonic, and these other religious and military orders of t't e day. It was the Church which blessed their swords and placed the pennon in their mail-clad hand, and with words of benison, which we hear to-d3y, said, " Esto Miles paci/icus, strenuus, f, delis et Deo devotus." Let the enemies of God alone.feel the keen edge of that sword whioh is ever to defend the right. Let your virtue be as unsullied as the white mantle.that covers you. Be faithful to duty and devoted to God. And true those noble knights were to the vows they bad taken. In reading their history th8 mind seems to revel rather in the creations of fancy than in the records of human achieve ments. Take their defence of the Island of Rhodes, 1480. Mahomet II; determined to destroy this outpost of Europe, which had long defied his power and marred his schemes of conquest, With a fleet of 160 vessels and 100,600 soldiers he landed on the island, then held by the Knights of St. John, under-the commander Peter d'Aubutson. For three months, day and night, did thi3 invading army batter at the walls with heavy ordnanoe. aud storm the breaches made; but the Grand Master and his knights were ever at. the post of danger. Many of the Moslems devoted themselves to his destruction, but -his keen blade and powerful arm sent them to bite the dust. Maddened by the resistance of so few a number the terrible Bashaw Jed on bis droops for one last assault. Tbe Janissaries leap into tbe • breach, but o'Aubussou, though wounded, stands there like tbe fabled god of war. A host in himself he inspires his knights with fresh ardor. The foe jb driven back, and they fly to .their snips, amczed and terrified, whilst the wounded hnigbts proceeded to the ohuroh to give glory to tbe Lord of Hosts. Or see again a. similar defence at Malta, where but 600 wounded and famished warriors repel 40,000^Moslems under the bravest of theirSultans, Soliman II. It.is no figure of epeech;to say their valor paved Eu rope from Mohammedanism. And who but the Catholic Church armed their strong right hand and blessed their knightly vows ? The Catholic Church-has.she the right to confer honors on her children? She placedthe Grown of Empire on the brows of Charlemagne;.she confronted Attila;she withstood a tyrant John of England, and a Henry IV. oE Germany; she hurled the force of Christendom against the hordes of Asia; the adorned the escutcheons of kingly-races, with their proudest mottos; Bhe passed judg ment on the highest, reproved vice,. rewarded virtue, encouraged learning, and ennobled man in every age. Has the Catholic Ohuroh power to confer honors? Let the prescrip tion of -a thousand years and more, the testi mony of every civilized -nation of Europe, the sacrifices she has made for society,, answer. To her by.excellence belongs the power to ennoble her sons, and single them out for iheir deeds of merit. And dearly have ever been prized the marks of her honor—proudly her chivalry of merit ranks where right is re spected and virtue admired. And in the instal lation of the noble Knight, Sir John Miohaol GtrasoD, the Pope keeps up his traditional role of universal patron of worth and excellence. It I is net for me to speak here the praises of Sir Gunson. He has ever been a faithful son of Holy Ohnrch, a distiaguished scholar and gentleman, a good citizen, and a loyal subject. It is beoause he represents in bis person the Catholicity of this young but growing nation, that onr Holy Father wishes to give you a pledge of his affection and a mark of his love.' He tells you to- day that you are a peace-loving people, that 5 on are strenuous iu the cause of right and roeroiful to the distressed. To this I can well testify when the loved land of most amongst us lay helpless in.the grip of famine. You people of Australia, without distinction of. race or creed, came generously forward to alleviate her distress—£68,000 went from Australia to Ire land as the most munificent testimony of her charity and mercy. Oar Holy Father wishes to compliment you people of South. Australia. It is in vain for foolish.men to deory tfjia church, the spouse of Christ, until man can blot out the records of the past, and cover with a pall of oblivion the brilliant deeds of Catholicity. Until the works of Michael Angelo, the poetry of Dante, the philosophy of Aquinas, the labors of Francis Xavier, the learning of Benedict, the deeds of-Bayard, d' Aubusson, and St. Louis. Until these are forgotten and the monuments of their glory destroyed the Catholic Church must ever b8 the highest power on earth, whose rewards are the tokens of genuine merit, and whose gifts are unsullied by injustice or wrong. Long may the noble Jinight wear the sword with which he is girded to-day. If the days of chivalry are no more, still the same or greater foes stand armed against God and His Church, and these foes are just as dangerous to civilization and morality as Moslem or Hun. We need not be reminded to what excesses menarebronghtby the immoral and materialistic teaching of the present time. They may be read in the lurid flames of the burning Tuillerits. They can be heard in the murderous explosion of the assassin's mine—in the phrensied passion of depraved mobs—in the defiling publications of a wicked literature— in the unloosing the bonds of paternal control, end the licentiousness of youth. These are some of the evils of modern thought and society. Therefore it is necessary to havo in every country men distinguished by their abilities and position—peaceful knights, cul tivating the works of the understanding, stren uous is every good for the advancement of reSigien and morality—faithful in the dis charge of their duty—and above all devoted to- God and His Church. And is is meet and proper that that Church should honor suoh men, and send them forth in her name and with her blessing to fight the bsttleB of tie Lord— not with the sword of the flsab, but aimed with the shield of faith, and pro tected with the breastplate of justice, that they mzy be shining lights by their good example sua doughty defenders of truth and justiee. Arise, then, nobis knight, and go forth to this contest with God's blessing on your stainless shield. Long may you wear those blushing hor.o:s with which our Holy Father crowns jcu; and may you ever be a'knight peaceful, sircnucus, faithful, and devoted to God.'" At the es.d of the discourse the choir sang the " Te L'eum," ancl the ceremony was brought to a ccnclusion. 