MISCELLANEOUS. When Herr Bandmann's luggage was being put on board the Arawata at Napier the' tackle broke, and three cases fell into the water. They were fished out, but the contents were considerably 'damaged. Herr Bandmann stated that the contents of the cases were chiefly expensive dresses, and were worth- &0OO, tie estimates the damage done^at £300, for which he intends to hold. the Diiiori'Gompany responsible. The Sydney Town -and Country says : — Our Merriwa correspondent telegraphs that the comet was visible to the naked eye on Monday night. The7 nucleus \vas at times as brilliant as the evening star, and the tail appeared about half the length and about quarter the width as ' the last comet. It was visioie trom u o ciocir until about iu o'clock in the south-west, . and set almost west. LoaTdns:'. through an opera-glass the tail appeared very brilliant, much more so than did the last cpniet. . The. Samilton Spectator thus puts the matter of Border free trade as it strikes them on the other side .;— '.-The treaty re cently concluded between Victoria and South Australia, by. which .returns of duti able goods, &c;, which cross the border from cue colony iuto another, are to be made up quarterly, and the balance in the duties is to be paid- by the colony indelfted, would ap pear: ta be «xtenBively . availed -of by pro ducers. It is well-known that large quan tities of cheese are sent across into the adjoining colony, and our neighbors are now reciprocating by introducing the cele brated South Australian wines into Victoria in larger quantities than they were in the habit of doing when there was 65 aud 8s per gallon duty to pay. Yesterday four waggon. loads reached Hamilton en route from Mount Gambler to Melbourne. Each waggon contained a load of about three tons weight flf the liquor, wbich. came originally via Port MacDonnell. This makes the tbird consignment of win-s of the same bulk that has reached this town from South Australia during the past three weeks, and if the im portation keeps up on the same scale throughout the year, it is likely to interfere seriously with.' .the profits of the Murray vign'erops.'. An hotel-keeper, residing in the thirsty town of Hsj, had a cockatoo, whose perch was usually in the bar. At this hotel there was a brisk bar trade, aud occasionally a dozen or more thirsty souls would pop in and call for drinks simultaneously. Ou such occasions the barman was in the habit of saying, ' One at a time, gentlemen ; don't rush a fellow.' One day the cockatoo was uiusing from his usual perch, and the owner upon going in search of him, found iiioi In an adj'iceat paddock surrounded by a Sack of crows, who seemed bent on his destruction. The owner arrived only in time to caress poor cocky just before he died, aud to -hear him feebly exclaim, ' One at a time, gentlemen 5 don't rush a ftlfow.' The San Fraucisco correspondent of tlie Otaffo Daily Times makes the following sug gestion to the farmers of New Zealand. It is worth making a note of- — ' I know New Zealandera take a hint iindly, even though they never intend to .profit by it. Now, as you are trying to make both ends meet and pay your taxes, and as you have not a very large market for your produce, would it not be well to establish manufactories when you can? In the State of Maine, for eeveral years, there was no demand for potatoes, but the farmers did not give up growing them. Co-operative starch factories were estab lished to -convert the potatoes into starch, and there are now 22 of them in one county alone in that State. These factories run 90 days each season, and will use 3,000,000 bushels of potatoes, at 20 cents, or Kxd per bushel. This provides a local market for tbe potato crop of thecountry to the extent of £120,000, creates labor, aud encourages the farmers. Starch will sell when potatoes are unsaleable. Wby not try it P' It does seem unaccountable, the Lancet says, that considering the constant peril in which the late Czar was known to be, no arrangements were made for a doctor to be within call in case of emergency. The medical journal more than hints that there would have been at least a chance of saving Ms life if proper help had been at band. Dr. L. L. Smith is reaily the funniest of Parliamentary low comedians. He has taken of late to what he gracefully calls ' raising old and ancient law points,' which law points he flourishes in the face of the House, written down for him by a friend upon ragged elips of paper in a handwriting which he can't read, and which contain opinions that he can't understand when he has. read them. These, however, are not circumstances to deter the doctor, who has dealt in equally unintelligible prescriptions all his days. He challenges the Ministry upon them, deserts his party, threatens the country, and announces Tiis intention of petitioning her Majesty herself if local authorities neglect him. He knows the points of a hcrse, of a patient, of patent medicines, and of colonial champagne, and why not ' law points' too, if some one else will only be kind enough to find them ! — ' Atticus.' London Truth reminds those alarmed at the prospect of Mr. Gladstone's coming legislation on the subject of land that the Premier is himself a landlord. Mr. Glad stone owns nearly 7,000 acres in Flint and Lancashire. In fact the lauded interest is pretty well represented in the Cabinet. The Duke of Argyll owns 175,000 acre?, rental over £50,000; Lord Harrington's father, 200,000 acres and £180,000 a year ; Lord Spencer, 27,000 acres and £46,000 a year ; .Lord Kimberley, 11,000 acres and £25,000 a year; Lord Northbrook, 10,000 acres and £12,000; Mr. Dodson, 8,000 acres aud £3,000: Lord Huutly, «ho just enrolled himself in tbe ranks of the Administration, is owner of 90,000 acres and £27,000 a year. Some persons at Carisbrook, according to the Maryborough Advertiser, are very much distressed just now on account of the nightly appearance of a ghost in the by streets of that borough. *' Its identity, un fortunately, cannot be discovered, but a thrill of horror is distracting the minds of many of the inhabitants at the prospect of encountering the shade of the departed neighbor, whose memory they remember to have scandalised shortly after his lamented demise, in a manner which was scarcely charitable, and a cold perspiration is un pleasantly recurrent down their spinal regions whenever any unusual noise is heard round the corner of the house. The facts to hand are to the effect that a black spectre, whose height is estimated to be about seven feet, is in the habit of appearing after dark upon the flat. Its face is enveloped in crape, and its toui ensemble is iu every way hor rible. Whatever may be its intention, the haunts it most particularly frequents are in tbe neighborhood of the small houses in habited by the miners. Upon two occasions lately it has ventured to take hold of re spectable females, both of whom aver that its clasp is one which it is desirable to avoid, aud they were terribly frightened. A num ber of other ladies and children have seen it, and also a miner has taken note of its exis tence. Parties of men and boys have been out to try to capture tbe alleged super natural visitor, and if they should eventually succeed, they will make it as warm for his old bones above ground as ever be could reasonably hope to experience below.' A new disease In horses is reported from Gippsland. It is a species of nervous affec tion somewhat resembling 'St. Vitus' dance in human beings, and a theory has been mooted that it is probably caused by horses being confined to paddocks and places wheve they continually feed on the same kinds of grasses, which do not supply the system with the proper tonic and nourishment which -'they could derive from the natural grasses. Observation points to the increase of this nervous complaint since the country has been fenced in, and it may, therefore, be inferred that the cause is attributable to the want of sufficient scope for a change of food, such as- could be obtained if the animals had a large tract of country to roam over, and thus keep the system in a proper state of health. A curious objection has recently been made to the use of 'the electric light. It is alleged that if a person of fair complexion exposes himself to the Hgbt for -some time, his hands and cheeks will show all the symptoms of sun burn, even in midwinter. The light will also, it is said, produce a plentiful crop of freckles. If all this be true ladies will have to wear parosols by night as well as by day. But it cannot be said that the libel bas been proved. Tbe Londoners appear to be well pleased with the latest experiment on a larpe scale of lighting up the city by electricity, but it will be prudent to allow the first ebullition of excitement to calm down before any definite judgment is arrived. at. The two systems at work are the Siemens and Brush, but at present all that can be said is that in point of intensity they throw the Jabloch koff rushlight in the shade. The next system to be tried is the Loutiui.-'CEiiipus.' American papers.are quite confident that in a few years the gigantic ship railway across the American Isthmus will be an accomplished fact. Captain Ead3 has selected a route across the Isthmus of Tehuantepec, in the territory of Mexico. The length of the railway will probably be 112 miles; but it is possible that this may be shortened by utilising tbe mouth of a small river which flows into the Gulf of Mexico. The Mexican Government has granted a lease of a strip of land half a mile broad for 99 years, and also complete exemp tion from duties on all materials for con struction. The most important condition imposed is that the work shali be com menced within two years. The money re quired to complete the railway is estimated at $75,000,000, and Eads has already pledged himself to finish the railway in haff the time occupied by Baron Lesseps in m;ikiug his canal. He 13 an engineer who bears no meau reputation in his own country, owing to his complete success in opening to navigation . the mouth of the Mississippi, contrary to the expectations of the Eugineer in-Chief aud almost all tbe engineering authorities of America ; but it remains to be seen whether he will overcome the diffi culties of hia new colossal scheme. It is stated that tbe cost of the railway would only 'be half that of a canal, or possibly as low a8 a third, and New York capitalists are said to be -taking the matter up freely. The scheme :is represented as a national one, its supporters being- supposed to be consistent adherents of tbe Monroe doctrine. America may thus be said to have committed herself to the roost gigantic engineering, contest tbe world has yet witnessed. A Figure of Speech. — ' Naught set down, in malice.' Cannibals sometimes have their neighbors at dinner. 