REVIEW. j -9 In Vic Ardennes. By Katharine S. Macquoid. With fifty illustrations by Thomas Ii. Maciruoid. London : i Chatto and Windus, Piccadilly, 1851. I Tho pleasantly written and beautifully illustrated works " Through Normandy " and " Through Brit Italy" have already made the names of Mr. and Mrs. Macquoid well known to the reading public. The work just issued under the above title is akin to the two former in style, manner of tveTitmen t, and amplitude and accuracy of illustration. In the language of the author, " It is simply the record of a most picturesque journey taken through a part of the Ardennes last autumn, and it is hoped that this record of the knowledge therein gleaned with some difficulty may help other travellers in journeying through this beautiful region so much overlooked by travellers. The region traversed by the tourists may be roughly described as bounded by- the Mouse, the Moselle, and the Rhine. It begins at Liege and Namur, and stretches to the French frontier southwards, and into Germany and the Grand Duchy of Luxemburg eastwards. Although the Ardennes country is too wild and broken for extensive military operations, the tide of war has rolled all round it for two thousand years, and the plains at its foot have been the battlefield of nations in nearly every great European war. There Caesar's legions paused in their career of conquest, while an army of a quarter of a million barbarians issued from the dark forests in defence of their beloved fatherland. There the Prince of Orange battled for a lifetime against the Grand Monarch's most renowned marshals, until the genius of Marlborough hurled back the conquering legions of his ance, and carried the tide of invasion across the French frontier. Waterloo, where a greater monarch than Louis the Fourteenth ventured his last stake for empire and lost is only thirty miles from Namur as the crow flies, and Sedan, a name more baneful to French arms and to the Napoleon dynasty than even Waterloo, lies on the Meuse, in the French Department of the Ardennes, only forty miles south of Dinant, the centre of the Belgian Ardennes. The forest of Arden has a place in Shakespeare, for there the exiled duke seeks a refuge in " As You Like It," the philosophic Jacques delivers his immortal description of the seven ages of man, Touchstone exercises his wit, Rosalind and Orlando exchange their loves, and the melancholy Amiens sings to the passing storm '* Blow, blow, thou wintry wind, Thou art not so unkind As man's ingratitude ; Thy tooth is not so keen, Because thou art not seen, Although thy breath be rude, High, lie ! "sing high, ho ! unto the green holly : Most friendship is feigning, most loving mere folly. Then, height, he the holy This life is most jolly. freeze, freeze, thou bitter sky, That dost not bite so nigh As benefits forgot : Though thou the waters warp, Thy sting is not so sharp As friend remembered not." Beyond a brief passing reference to these historical and literary associations connected with the Forest of Arden, Mrs. Macquoid's pen does not go. The travellers were in search of the beautiful in nature, the sublime, the picturesque, the fantastic and they revel in antiquarian and artistic relics, and in the rude lore and legends of the peasantry as much as in the grandeur and beauty of natural scenery. A ruined monastery, a deserted castle, any celebrated specimen of " Dinan terre," or of ancient and medieval architecture, a haunted cave or dell, makes them endure the fatigues of long journeys, sometimes on foot, for the purpose of a personal inspection. The manners and customs of the peasantry are sketched with a generous hand. Life in the Ardennes is drawn in almost primitive simplicity, plenty of hard work, the humblest of fare, no city luxuries, no city vices, low wages, cheap living, universal cleanliness and courtesy. To quote Mrs. i Macquoid's description of her own experience, " The walking traveller who delights in beautiful country, and who does not object to a humble, though clean inn at the end of his day's journey, will find the Ardennes i a mine of universal loveliness, and as he wanders among its green valleys, between ranges and lofty hills, or climbs its strangely shaped rocky heights, which seem to turn abruptly from one another, as the sparkling river flowing at their feet takes one of its sudden curves, he will find at every eight or ten miles' distance, of ten much nearer, some quiet village or town nestling under the shelter of the rocks, and offering him a good supper and bed." The commissariat department is as necessary for those who wield pen and pencil as for those whose weapon is the sword, and the aesthetic pleasures of a tour through lovely country are all the more enjoyable when they have not to be purchná¡c"|Í*l"t the peril of starvation. The two centres from winch the tourists made excursions were Dinant and La Roche At the former place they came across the burning question of Belgian politics at the present time-the relations between Church and State in regard to national education. It is almost the only political incident in the whole Look ena is described in the folio wing words - I inquired and found the to the state of religious feeling is the element of discord in this charming little town There is a Catholic butchers and a Liberal one, and so with all the other trades and they are at dag0eisdrann the establishment of the Communal College has given dire offence to the clergy and though they have now been given permission to teach in it they have refused to do so they will not take any part in the system unless the whole college is put under ecclesiastical authority But the Liberals have at present the upper hand in Dinant and milking by a hut one hears the Church partizans see to have acted with tyranny and want of judgment " This reads almost like a chapter from the history of New South Wales and also contemporaneous Belgium is the most densely peopled country in Europe having a population of two and a half millions upon an area of only 11,873 square miles, or seven times the population of New South Wales upon one twentieth of the area It is said there are not 20 000 persons in all Belgium tins do not belong professedly to the Church of Rome and vet Belgium is taking a leading position side by side with France among Catholic countries in throwing off the a one of ecclesiastical domination in the sphere of national education A Church whose claims are repudiated by her own children has little chance of getting those claims recorded outside Perhaps more than half Mrs Macquoid s work is over] and with what has been aptly termed ' folk 'ore In spite of their love of freedom the VA balloons of the Ardennes are an exceedingly superstitious people TI e following legend may serve as a sample of hundreds with which the writer has enriched the pages - ' Once it happened that a person was going home to La Roche who had been cut one, of ignores the father side of the hill near the Chemin des G rifles He had charge 1 half way ED until skins. back he saw that he had left at his bill book ' Ion among the bushes As he came down he sat in hill but k km which let itself be a light without making any shore to escape In his haste to secure it the pet and only noticed Eagles v blue coat and quite overlooked a year let spot on its forehead which might riverside him more cautious s He went eyes and fetched his bill h k and slung the little coat over his shoulders by a cord he had act and that he had found such a prize 413 he toiled uphill a unit seemed to the tjDisint that the weight is on his shoulders crew heavier each step he took Hetjaa'cd to rest, and the vi eight it age. ed him almost down to the ground 'lion is this ?" he said, 'Can this little kid so outweigh in, its en, thJ ' He began to climb again, and his burden had become as heavy as mi ox, and nearly strangled him He forced himself a. few steps on, staggering under his load, till he had almost reached the top of the hill but he bent suddenly' double, and four ct he could go no further He av pinned to the earth by the weight behind him with a loud oath he loosed the road from round his neck and flung the kind from him At nish leaving 1 night was heard among the rocks The peasant turned in tenor and sun thpoiilonesittingjust nherehehid flung the about In fact Satan had had a hard day's vi oil, and was en tired and not feeling disposed to climb up hill, had, in the form of a kid tempt, of the peasant to carry him, to save him the weary journey." Nobody ever excel in any logic in legends, and for that reason they enjoy immunity from criticism. But it is astonishing how they cling to the popular imagina- tion, and with what difficulty the diffusion of knowledge and the spread of education can drive them out. To this day there are hundreds of English and Scotch villages where the reality of watcher it is as strong a sense of the popular creed as it was of King James's, and where haunted houses, ghosts, and spiritual appari- tions are unchallenged local traditions. Ignorance and superstition go hand in hand as cause and effect, and both keep a people in mental and religious bondage. On the whole, the story of this delightful tour is well told, and admirably illustrated The printer and book- binder also have done their best for it To those who do not care to make a pastime of profound historical or antiquarian studies it will prove interesting reading for a few hours of leisure. 