THIS ONE THING I DO." IDLENESS is the bane of the body and the plague-spot of the soul. It is not a necessity of human life. G-od works, and He formed man for work. Life would become the most unendurable of things were we forced to spend it in absolute inactivity. As a gift it would not be worth having, for it could bring neither pleasure nor profit to the recipient. Miserable must the man be who is doomed to spend his life in iguoble idleness. It is better every way that he should wear out rather than rust out. " Labor is worship." From this text Carlyle preached the dignity of labor, and a noble sermon it was, an indignant protest against the selfish do-nothingism which is so prevalent. The great law which defines man's relation to labor is very clearly laid down in the Word of G-od—" Whatsoever thy hand findeth to do, do it with thy might; for there is no work, nor device, nor knowledge, nor wisdom, in the grave." It is evident that to every man is allotted some particular work which he is expected to do, and which it is at his peril to neglect. An idle man cannot be a Christian unless, indeed, he is physically incapacitated for work. The apostolic precept is, that " having gifts differing according to the grace that is given to us, whether prophecy, let us prophesy according to the proportion of faith; or ministry, let us wait on our ministering; or he that teacheth on teaching; or he that exliorteth on exhortation; he that giveth, let him do it with simplicity ; he that ruleth, with diligence ; he that showeth mercy, with cheerfulness." In every relation of life we are to be " not slothful in business ; fervent in spirit; serving the Lord." In our article last week we stated that the great want of the day is working Christians; that the work done in our churches is done by a few ; but that all who have been redeemed by the precious blood of Christ should be actively employed in bringing souls to Him. Assuming that a man has been actually brought into a real union with the Saviour, and has received the spirit of adoption, the first question which he ought to ask himself is, " What relation am I henceforth to sustain towards the unconverted around me ? Am I to go on in the quiet enjoyment of the treasure I have found, or ought I to proclaim to others that the ever-abounaing grace which has saved me is also free to them ?" There need be no hesitation in getting the right answer to these questions. The soul that is led by the spirit of God cannot experience much difficulty in finding the path of duty, and that found, it must be entered upon with a stern determination to follow it at all hazards. It is not a question of likes or dislikes that has to be settled, but it is the old question which Saul of Tarsus put to Christ when He met him on bis way to Damascus. While the light from heaven was still shining, and the voice from heaven yet ringing in his ears, he, trembling and astonished, said, "Lord, what will Thou have me to do ?" Quick as the lightning's flash came back the answer, " Arise, go into the city, and it shall be told thee what thou must do." From this time lie became " a chosen vessel unto G-od, to bear His name before the Gentiles and kings, and the children of Israel;" and from the hour when Ananias, putting his hand on him, said, " Brother Saul, the Lord, even Jesus, who appeared unto thee in the way as thou comest, hath sent me that thou mightest receive thy sight and be filled with the Holy Ghost," till he bent his head to the stroke of the executioner's axe, he turned neither to the right nor to the left until his mission was accomplished and his life's work done. This should settle the question for us: God is as really calling to us to go and work for Him as He called Saul, " who also is called Paul," and it will be to our eternal disgrace and shame if we do not at once and with our whole hearts obey that call. The kind of work to which we devote ourselves must be determined by the nature of our qualifications and the peculiar circumstances in which we find ourselves placed. But whether it be in the pulpit, m the school, in the prayer meeting, in exhorting in the streets, or in singing for Jesus in the streets, we are bound by the law of Christ to do it and to "do it heartily as unto the Lord." There must be no fickleness found in us. "This one thing I do " must be our motto. " Thou shalt not excel" is the inevitable doom of the fickle Christian. He who is, so to speak, "focussed"upon some one subject is pushed to the front, while^those who spread themselves over many, or give themselves now to one thing and now to another, are rarely heard of among men. He who is changing from object to object finishes nothing, and his life at last resembles a heap of detached stones, which, if he had but kept to one plan, might have been built into a stately and commodious abode. The King's highway of duty must be trod, though it be paved with the roughest stones. The meadow which runs parallel to it, though bedecked with the most beautiful flowers, must not tempt us from the highway, for it alone leads to immortality. Has God placed us in the ministry, let us give ourselves to our ministry; has He placed us in the Sabbath school to teach, let us give ourselves to teaching; has He made us exhorters, then let us give ourselves to exhortatation. " This one thing I do." " Whether therefore ye eat, or drink, or whatsoever ye do, do all to the glory of God." And we must bear in mind that everything we do for God has a determinate influence upon those for whom it is done that will be as durable as the ages. We cannot better illustrate this than by relating an incident that occurred a few days ago. Most of our readers are aware that evangelistic services are being carried on in Flinders-street Baptist Church by a Jewish lady, to whom Christ has revealed Himself, and that previous to the service a singing baud perambulate some of our streets, singing the gospel, distributing handbills, and giving personal invitations to visit the church. On each occasion the band has been accompanied by two or three little boys, who carry the handbills and politely distribute them to the passers by. It is not a very distinguished work ; but what work ever done for Jesus went unrewarded? Two men, almostfresh from bush-life, were walking listlessly about, when the singing band passed, and each received a handbill. They read it and followed to the church, and that night witnessed their espousals to Christ. The giving away handbills was all these fine little fellows could do for Christ, but they did it in the very best way they could, and two eouls were savingly converted. Men who fill exalted positions in the church are not always the most successful in winning souls. The man who fills a very subordinate office may far outstrip him in the race of usefulness. The race is not always to the swift, nor the battle to the strong. Thomas Cranfield, one of the humblest members of Surrey Chapel, was as useful in his own lowly sphere as James Sherman, his pastor, was in his. What is wanted is concentration of purpose. Duty, however unpleasant, must never be shirked. To do so is to sin, and there is nothing so drains the character of all its resources as sin, whether it be in the form of neglecting duty or actually committing iniquity. We met with a passage the other day with which we may appropriately conclude—" The little child takes his grandpa's spectacles in his hand, and sitting on the doorstep in the sunshine, does with the eye at the one end gather up the rays of the great luminary into one burning spot, which kindles that on which it shines into a flame. So, with the lens of personal, appropriating faith let us focus the love of Christ in upon each of our hearts, as that of Him who loved me and gave Himself for me" Then the fire of consecration will be kindled within us, and the lives which we now live in the flesh shall not be fickle, extempore and fruitless things, 'but lives " of faith upon the Son of God," lives consecrated to Him " who died for us and rose again." 