(To the Editor of the Freeman's Journal!) Sib,— Having noticed with pleasure that Mr. ' James Earrell,1 apparently with the assistance of . other friends and sympathisers at Murrnrundi, '! hii3 f orwarded through you a contribution towards ' the Parnell Defence Fund, I think it is to bo' regretted that many Irishman in' N'. S. Wales have so far failed to show any sign approaching a similar spirit or feeling in favour of the gallant ? body of men at present engaged in the moral battle for the legal rights of our countryman at home, if we except the very respectable sum of -!uu\j\j uuiu Kiiu guucruuB gmu jjuiuers uu xeiuoia, and the Parnell sympathy meeting recently hold in Sydney, tho promoters of which deserve tho thanks of evety Irishman and evory sympathiser „ with Mr. Parnell and his Land League colleagues. But some of tho leading Irishmen of Sydney are, I suppose, afraid of somebody or something, pro- ' bably the ghost of a Treason-Felony Bill. Mr. Farrell says : 'As Irishmen, when we can not assist with our voices, wo ought to assist with our pockets.' Granted ; but I trust Mr. F. will ' bear with me while I endeavour to ehow that in this particular matter (apart from the pocket) we can assist with our united voice very materially. That is by numerously assembling in public meeting, and sending forth to tfce world a publicly declared protest againat the infamous . ; . and brutal treatment of the landlord clasa towards their unforfcunato tenants in Ireland. At the present time tho eyes of tho whole world aro, doubtless, fixed on Ireland, and if the world's , sympathisers wero to pour out, thoir protests in' condemnation of the mipgovomment and misrule causing the present exciting struggle, you may rely tho effect of the same would be most beneficial, notwithstanding tho miserable efforts - of certain organs of the Press to misconstrue and misrepresent the real state of affairs in Ireland. ??? '' Yours faithfully, ?- t EDWARD M'EVOY. i Sydney, February 8, 1881. ? 