%kz $fiz%%zxt%zx. English Mail. On Wednesday, 18th May, a somewhat remarkable Memorial was presented to the Upper House of the Convocation of Canterbury by the representatives of a Provisional Committee of Clergy and Laity, with the Earl of Devon as chairman, which had been appointed to consider ' if any, and if any, what further, steps can be taken to eraDPle with the Infidelitv and Indifference to Eelieion which so widely exist.' The purpose of the Memorial was to call the attention of the Bishops to the subjecb, in accordance with a resolution of the Provisional Committee for the Metropolis, arrived at on the 25th of February at a meeting of clergy and laity held at London House. The memorial was presented by Earl Nelson, and contained the following passages relative to the employment of lay agency in con nection with the work of the Church, which will be of interest to those among us who have watched the gradual development of such agency in the Dioceses of Australia :— ' Your memorialists thankfully recognise what has been already done in several dioceses by the employment of lay agency ; but they feel strongly that, under due regulations, a far larger use may be made of laymen as fellow-workers with the clergy, and that they may render still more and most valu able aid, if, under the sanction of the Bishops in their respective dioceses, greater elasticity than has yet been accorded is given to the Church services. . . . What shall be the precise offices, and what the designation of these lay agents, whether they shall be admitted to holy orders of a lower degree than at present exists in the English Church, and be still allowed to pursue their secular avocations, are points which well deserve, and will doubtless receive, the most careful consideration, should your Grace be enabled to encourage your memo rialists to prosecute the great work which they have brought before you. ' We are glad to notice that not only is the mind of the Church being awakened on the subject, but that steps are being taken to give a certain measure of definite training to laymen who hold their Bishop's commission to exercise the office of Eeader or Preacher. The buildings of Keble College, Oxford, have been placed at the disposal of a Committee of the London Lay Helpers' Association during the long vacation, and persons qualified as above were to be received at the College for any period not less than a week, from 24th June to 30th July, at a charge of £1 weekly. The course of training was to be conducted by Eev. Dr. Boyd, Principal of Hertford College, and the Kev. A. L. Moore, Chaplain to the Bishop of Oxford. If suitable men, with a certain amount of time and means at their disposal, can be brought to make use of the advantages offered, there can be little doubt that their spiritual efficiency as fellow-helpers with the clergy in the work of evangelisation will be materially enlarged. The laying of the foundation- stone of Seltvyn College, which is to do, let us hope, for Cambridge what Keble College has done for Oxford, took place on 1st June. The ceremony was performed by the Earl of Powis, High Steward of the University, in the presence of a large and distinguished gathering. A sum of £21,337 has already been raised, through the untiring exertions of Bishop Abraham, late of Wellington, N.Z.; and it is hoped that now the undertaking is beginning to assume a visible and material shape, the interest in the scheme will be increased, and large additional support be forthcom ing. The services of the distinguished architect, Mr. A. N. Blom field, have been secured, and the design of the building is in harmony with that 'plain living and high thinking' which is the motto of the foundation. The buildings now about to be erected will consist of one block, containing the entrance gateway and one wing of the building, with accommodation for about sixty students. The other essential requisites of a collegiate establishment— viz., chapel, hall, kitchen, and Master's lodge, &c.; — will be provided for at the outset in temporary buildings. It is hoped that a lonafide Church education may be given to students for about £80 per annum. The religious service at the stone waB conducted by the Bishop of the Diocese (Ely). The Master-elect is the Hon. and Eev. Arthur T. Lyttelton, M.A. of Trinity College, Cambridge, at present acting as Tutor at Keble College, whose high character for ability and self- devotion are the best guarantee that the hopes of the founders will not be dis appointed. The day before, in the same Diocese of Ely, a new Theological Col lege was opened in the cathedral city by the Bishop, Dr. Woodford, formerly chaplain to Bishop Wilberf orce, at Oxford. The College was founded by the present Bishop in 1876, as a place of preparation for candidates for Holy Orders who have graduated at one of the Univer sities. The building was begun in 1879, from designs by Mr. J. P. St. Aubyn, and contains chapel, lecture and dining halls, library, Princi pal's and Vice-Principal's studies, and twelve sets of rooms for students. The Bishop has contributed £5000 to the Building Fund. He also provides no less than six annual exhibitions of £50 each, and is now engaged in forming a Trust Fund, which will secure a per manent endowment. The Eev. Dr. Luckock, Canon of Ely, is the Principal, an able theologian, whose recent work, After Death, we would commend to the perusal of all who care to know the general teaching of the ancient Church on the interesting topic of which it treats. The services of the day began at half-past seven a.m. with the consecration of the Chapel, followed by Holy Communion. At half- past eleven there was a special service in the Cathedral, which was attended by more than two hundred of the clergy and a large con gregation. The offertory was in aid of the College library, and amounted to £70. The dedication ceremony then took place in the College buildings ; and, at its conclusion, the Lord Lieutenant of the County ascended the east gable of the chapel, and fixed the Cross, Baying these words — ' To the glory of God I fix this Cross, in token of the doctrine of Christ crucified, in this place to be taught, and from this place to be spread abroad, in the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost;' to which the Bishops present, the Cathedral Chapter, the clergy and members of the College, who were ranged in front of the building, responded in a loud voice — ' God forbid that I should glory, save in the Cross of our Lord Jesus Christ. Amen.' If the richer Churchmen of Victoria could only be persuaded to try the luxury of a generous self-denial such as Bishop Wood ford's, it need not be very long before the permanent Chapel of our Theological College, with all its buildings standing complete around it, might be the happy scene of a similar ceremonial. We have all heard of the Universities' Mission to Central Africa, and the Oxford Mission to Delhi, and the recently established Cam bridge Mission to Calcutta. It is equally pleasant to learn that the great educational centres of England, while remembering ' them that are afar off,' are no less mindful of ' them that are nigh.' An Eton College Mission has been lately established in East London, from an earnest desire on the part of a number of Etonians to connect their school with some charitable work among the poor of the Metropolis. A Mission House is about to be built at Hackney- Wick, East London, at a cost of £4000 or £5000, and the annual cost of maintaining the Mission, estimated at £400, iB to be defrayed entirely by the boys of the school. Similar Missions have recently been undertaken in other localities by the public schools of Winchester and Marlborough and by Christ Church, Oxford. Much of this progress is largely du- to the energy and influence of the Bishop of Bedford (Dr. Walshan How), the Suffragan Bishop for Easb London, who is indeed makinj '? full proof of his ministry' in districts where the Church of Got for many a day has been little more than the shadow of a name. It seems to be growing into a common custom for Colonial Churche to ask and receive the help of the great ' Missioners' of the Mother Church in England. Last year Mr. Knox-Little, of St. Albau's Birmingham, visited Toronto, and preached for several days in th- Church of the Holy Trinity there. We quote from the Guardian:— ' His Sermons made a very deep impression ; the entire secular Presi of the city, which, without exception, openly opposes even moderat- High Churchmanship, devoted a large portion of their columns tt reports of the Sermons, and were enthusiastic in their praise of hii eloquence and spiritual power.' In the same Church a Mission was conducted this year for ten days by Mr. Maturin. The Churchmer of Quebec, in all the five parishes of the city, have lately done what we regret to know the Churchmen of Melbourne hav- failed to do— they have sunk party feeling, and united togethei to support a Mission for the common benefit of all. The Missioner was Canon Ernest Wilberforce, a son of the late Bishop of Winchester, who arrived in Quebec on 1st March and began his work on 5th. The Mission lasted for ten days ; it was successful far beyond the hope of its most sanguine promoters ; and was a 'surprise to the whole community in its widespread and deep effects.' It attached and moved large numbers, specially influencing men, and reached all classes, notably the higher grades of social life, resulting in an entire change of life in many, and an evident deepen ing of the religious life in others. Of course, beforehand, there was more or less of suspicion on the part of some religious persons, but their prejudices were soon dissipated by the transparent honesty of Canon Wilberforce's Churchmanship and his Evangelical preaching. One who has little sympathy with his Church opinions testifies that ' Christ and His Atonement were faithfully preached throughout ;' and another of the same school, who, at the beginning of the work, was ' anxious and doubted,' confesses that ' his words were with power, and like a mighty flood took possession of our hearts, and made us examine what manner of men we were.' The closing service, held in the Cathedral, which was densely crowded with a congregation of Borne 2500 persons, was full of solemnity and interest. The immediate outcome has been a determination to raise a fund, to be called the WUbe?'/orce Fund, for the purpose of providing £300 a year for three years to pay a Diocesan '?' Missioner,' in order that other congregations may Becure a similar benefit. The Rev. G. Body has also been visiting Baden, oh the same holy errand. We again quote from the Guardian : — ' The Mission,' it says, ' was remarkable in many ways, and is already fruitful in many good results, Some who never entered church have been attracted, and have been among the most attentive listeners. Others who had been lax and occa sional attendants have been coming in to almost every one of the numerous services held during this week. It has been, too, a subject of intense satisfaction that Her Majesty the Empress of Germany, who is now in Baden, not only attended both morning and evening on Sunday and Ascension Day, bat also visited the Tuesday evening meeting, and frequented the open church at quiet times for private devotion. Some prejudice had existed in the minds of some before \- the arrival of the Missioner ; but when it was found that his teaching centred round the Sacred Person of the Kedeemer; that he preached Christ crucified as sincerely, earnestly, and con stantly as ever did a Wesley or a Whitfield, all objections were at once disarmed, and at the present time there is but one opinion and one thought — that of deep thankfulness to the Giver of all good that such a time of spiritual refreshment and awakening has been vouchsafed us. There is but one opinion here, and that is that Mr. Body is a man of rare gifts, unusual spiritual attainments, and of boundless energy and enthusiasm in his sacred calling. We wish him G-od-speed in his future labours, and thank him for what he has wrought here,' We commend these quotations to the consideration of our readers. As it is still likely that Mr. Knox- Little and Mr. Body may come among us next year, it is well we should know beforehand the manner of men we have to expect. The legal proceedings arising out of Eitualism seem far from coming to an end as yet. The Church Association agents are still endeavouring to press the proceedings against Mr. Mackonochie to a definite conclusion, either deprivation or imprisonment. They are now appealing to the Privy Council against the decision of Lord Penzance, who refused to allow of new proceedings being taken with a view to deprivation while further proceedings could be adopted in the previous suit with a view to imprisonment for contempt of Court. Mr. Sidney F. Green is still a prisoner in Lancaster Castle. Acting under the advice of Sir John Holker and Mr. Vaughan Williams, who are able to suggest no legal proceedings whereby Mr. Green can regain his liberty other than a successful appeal to the House of Lords, the English Church Union has advised and assisted him to apply to their lordships for a writ of habeas corpus, and the appeal will, it is expected, come on for immediate hearing. Mr. E. W. Enraght, of Bordesley, is also prosecuting an appeal to the same Court from the decision against him by Lord Penzance, sitting as Official Principal of the Province of York. From various Church papers we select the following items : — The labours of the Old Testament Company for the revision of the Holy Scriptures are beginning to draw near their end. The first revision of all the books has been completed ; the second revision of the historical books and of the Psalms is already finished, and that of the remainder of the poetical, and the whole of the prophetical books, now only remains to be done. The Rev. P. G. Medd has been elected Bampton Lecturer for 1882 by a majority of the heads of Houses over the Hon. and Eev. W. H. Fremantle, of St. Mary's, Marylebohe. The latter would have been elected if three of his supporters had not been absent, one through forgetfulnessi the second through mistaking the hour, and the third through an engagement to play croquet 1 Mr. Medd is a well known High Churchman, and a scholar of high reputation. It is stated in the M'angais that the Pope expects soon to despatch a Papal Nuncio to England, who will represent his Holiness at the English Court, and that the present Government has consented to receive him. Two questions suggest themselves — What can such an official want at the English Court ? and, What is the Churoh Associa tion about ? We mentioned a short time back that certain ladies were candi dates for the office of Guardians of the Poor in the Parish of St. Pancras, London. We now learn that a lady has been appointed Churchwarden for the Parish of Beeford, in the Diocese of York. Mr. Stanhope's Patronage Bill has been so reduced that it is now little more than a bill for abolishing the sale of next presentations. The Eoyal Commission of Inquiry into the Ecclesiastical Courts held its first meeting on Monday, 30th May. The Archbishop of Canterbury previously asked the members to join together in invoking the Divine Blessing on their labours at a celebration of the Holy Communion. The Bishop of Durham has expressed a hope that the new Diocese of Newcastle may be formally constituted before the Church Con gress meets in that town, in October next. We are glad to learn that Archdeacon Kaye, of the Diocese of Lincoln, who resigned his Archdeaconry lest he should be called upon to institute the Eev. T. P. Dale into the Parish of Sausthorpe, has seen fit to withdraw his resignation. The Roch states that the career of the Prayer-book Revision Society, of which Lord Ebury has long been President, is about to close. It has revised the Prayer-book to its own satisfaction, but, apparently, to the satisfaction of no one else, and it now consigns this solitary monument of its wisdom and learning to the tender care of the Church Association. We cut the following advertisement from the Cliurch Times : — 'Who will help a poor Curate's Wife 'to buy a Cow ? £6 required. Subscriptions gratefully acknowledged by ? ,' Scarcely a month passes that we have not to notice some accessions to the Church from the denominations which surround it. This month we have to report two. Mr. J. D. Scott, formerly a Wesleyan preacher in the County of Lincoln, has entered the Sohola Cancellarii of that Diocese as a candidate for Holy Orders ; and the Eev. Anton Leopold Becker made a formal recantation of the errors of the Eoman Church before the Bishop of Exeter, preparatory to seeking employ ment as a clergyman in the Church of England. He was formerly a friar of the Order of St. Francis, and a missionary priest in America, and was driven out of the Roman Communion when the doctrine of the Infallibility of the Pope was promulgated as de fide. He will undertake the Curacy of a Parish near Tiverton, in Devon, where he has resided for some years as a teacher of languages. 