ADELAIDE SPOTTING INTELLIGENCE W "«UtST WATKE." ! On Tuesday, Thuraday, Friday, and Saturday of next week the Adelaide Racing Club will hold high festival at their course, situated on the East Rark Lands. It need scarcely be mentioned that this racecourse is known as "the people's," and it is here where the public roll up in thounnda. Being so much nearer and easier of approach than -foe-new oojirae,it is not _to be wonderedat that ance ia so muehlarger. A number of eats have been-mads; prominentamong m thi entrance for carriages.- Instead of ■ sr.—by The Britannia a* formerly, an entrance has been made in Carrington Street, and thi: drive u through a beautifula venue of trees, tke like of •diich will not lie found 'in any of the other colonies. This forethought on the part of Mr. Harvey will be greatly prixed, and will be the means of attracting a larger number of vehicles than there otherwise-would be. . The Club have put forth a splendid .programme of events for the four days, and their liberality has been rewarded by notnnly large entries, but alto the beat and. most fashionably bred animala in the. land. In deed, foe presence of Grand Flaneur is only wanted to enable the dub to sey that Fiemington could not boast a better lot of quad raped a. With such celebrities as Progress, Saranaka, Snworrow, Richmond, Odd Trick, Mate, and Lothair, as' well as- the jumpers—President, Acrobat, In trepid, and Helmet, the meeting is bound to be the moat successful' ever held on this turf. The principal item on foe card, is, of course,-"The BWhday Cup,'' of S0Q. soys. j. then ..there are the mtrdle Race, and the ever-popiilar Steeplechase, besides numerous other events which, though not so valuable aa the ones mentioned, are bound to attract-large fields. In the-Gup, Savanaks heads Che list of acceptors with 9st. 21bs., a rather crushing weight at first sight for such, a pony to csifry. He has done a lot of useful work,. and though' some who put themselves up as 'judges take exception to his being so light, the opinion I have formed of him is, that whether -he bo light or big on the day, the horse "that beats him will win the Cup. Mate, the sensational, is on i the same mark with the pony. He holds thej pride or place at present in the bett:ng market, j having been supported to win a large stake ai the j short price of 3 to 1. He is being trained on the I Old Course by Mr. H. Haines, the bookmaker. In his work, he goes very stiffly at first, hut im- j ! proves as he warms to it. Of his chance I am I Inot at all sanguine, believing that he is not as well as he might be, nor do I know of any prece dent in hia performances to make htm ao much •fancied. Progress, with 9st., I like much better. His contests with Flaneur have proved him to be ■a great horse ,- moreover, he is very well, though j many say he is on the jolly side. Little Suwarrow, IwithAst. 121bs., ha-I got quite as much as he is ^entitled to, but he is such a tiger, tlia- I fully expect to. see liim aui ngst the first flight. I have not heard of hi* being backed yet, but probably he will be before the day. Another of the dangerous ones is Odd Trick, with 8st. 51bs. This horse has been heavily backed in Melbourne by the right party, who seldom, if ever, make mistakes. Then come the Vagabond, with 8st. 3lbs., Cambnllo, 7?t. 121bs., and Rivalry, 7st. 81bs. The two former I expect to be absentees, and Jtivalry has not done sufficient work to make one fancy her. Were she in her three year old Autumn form, it would be unnecessary to look further for the winner. Lothair, with 7st. 12lbs., reeds well enough, but he is a cripple. Old.Rich? mond, with 7st. 71bs., is pitchforked into the race; I should like his chance better were the distance another quarter of a mile; he is so slow at getting away that the others are always racing ; before he has properly started. He is * in very ?'ood condition, and will be backed heavily ; but should advise those who fancy liim to let his owner have first show of getting some money on, or they may repent .investing on him. Roths .wild, with 7st-, will be the sheet anchor of South .Australia on this occasion. He has improved j wonderfully the last few days, and if he goes on j 'till the day, will be a stone .better horse than he j was at the late S.A.J.C. meeting. He has been j doing excellent work all the week at Morphett- , ville, which has been so satisfactory to Hid Bros, that Mr. Pile has backed him to win him £1,800 1 at 100 to 10. Pawnbroker is nicely weighted at ] 7st., and it is bad luck for Mr. Moore that he is so backward in condition. A suspicious leg prevents Tothill from sending him along as fast j as ho would like to ; he is, however, much belt ;r than he was a couple of weeks ag -, but his chance of victory is a forlorn one. Mr. Coleman's Crystal, 6st. 71bs., is -doing splendid work on the Old Course. He is just coming into form, and that he is possessed of pace his victoiy in theCbr inthian Cup at Morphettville is ample proof. His impost will not trouble him in the least, and he will have the services of young Williams (who used to ride G-lenormiston), in the saddle. Im perial, Rifleman, and the hurdle racer, President, form the remainder of competitors. Imperial won't be here, and even if he were, he is too ancient to have a ghost of a show. Rifleman is a j smart liltlehorae, but out of place in the company -he will meek-- president may possibly start in the interest of Richmond, but of his winning chance I am not the least sanguine. He is in the Hurdle Race, and, by his looks, will be more at home there than in Cup company. Though we managed to keep the Birthday Cup here last year, I'm afraid our chance of doing so again this year is rather remote. I have abstained from going J into the individual performances of each horse, as I the subject is, at. the best of times, a dry one for the reader. My selection this time shall be Pbo gbess for first place; for the other two I must tiust to Savaxaka and Rotbschild, and if there is to be another surprise, as in the Goodwood Handicap, I don't see anything more likely of i accomplishing it than Cbystax.. Mats, I must let run against me, even though he be first favor ite, as I don't think his condition will be good enough. I should like to go for Suwarrow very much, but I can't go for the lot of them. The Hurdle - Race will see a big field at the post, probably fifteen or sixtesn, and of foe lot President, with list. 21bs., heads the list. Were Ijsure of his s'arting and "going," I would at once select him. ..With his Kyneton running bpforo them, (the handicappers -should have put mother 101 bs. on liia back^ and .even then-, from what I hear of him he could win. Acrobat is within djbB. of President, and to my way of thinking, is held safe by liim. 1'iie stable, how ever, are confident, and are backing Acrobat and Intrepid for the. double. Avalanche has a stone more to cany than she had at Onkaparinga. Sha looks big mid well, and always races better that way than light. She has not been doing any thing like enough work to please me; indeed, I nave not-seen her out of a walk all the week. Plevna, 9st. 131be is Jellet's second string. He has a good reputation, if that goes for anything. Of the rest, Veno, Sit, lZlbs., Rid Msrie, 9sf lOlbs., look the beet,- though Cock, o' the Well looks like a jumper, and tit 101b*. won't troubh liim. He will be ridden - by John Xildnft 3 fancy they will finish — PBMXntffT, (with i start,} Acbobat, an Cock o' tks Walk, in tin order named. In the Steeplechrae,. Intrepid as a matter of coarse holds the post of honor witl the crusher of 12st 71bs. His infatuated owni-f Mr. Boss -Reid, is no sanguine of his victory, thai he is backing him at very short odds. His win at Morphettville wak a lucky one,-hut there ii this to be eaid in his favor "he is always going." Helmet, fbr his defeat at Morphettville, is raisec 7 lbs., the same as Intrepid, they consequently meet on the same te-zns. The former has got t nasty leg, - which may prevent his - starting. Snowstorm, list lOlbt, could he he got fit would be dangerous at the weight. He is doing very little work and thai little is walking only. Lower down the liat comes Lucy with lOst 2fts, being Slbs less than in her previous effort. She meets Intrepid on lOfts better terms than on their last weight, and at ithe difference, I think she must beat him. Her full brother, Trigger, for running third is raised five pounds, the respective differ ence between the two being 191bs in the mare's favor. With all thia, I am; fond of Triggers chance, fully believing he will be a atone better horse than he was a couple of weeks ago. Tint beroo haa got 9st 12tbs, a weight that would not trouhlehim were he to go straight; but.he is getting too knowing in his old age. The Joker with 9st 12Hi9, never had a better show in his life^ ..but be has-never gone thoroughly straight'on the Old Course yet-, till he does, I'll always vote against him. Sultan could hot be better than hi was at Morphettville. There Lucy gave him a atone and by a fluke he beat her; with a differ ence of only 5U>s now between them, I can't fancy him, and should like to know how Mr. Hughei gauged the two .to make so glaring a mistake. The rest may be dismissed down to Roebuck, who has 9st, the same weight he carried previously. Jimmy Watson, who will ride him, haa a good opinion of Ijim, but I am afraid- the-."little dap per" will not catch the Judge's'eye first thia time. The way the weights are allotted, makes Luct the osdy one in the hunt, and I shall place her "first, her brother TaraosB second, end IVTBBMD third.! 