The Census of 1881. IN arranging for the census of this year, the boundaries of the districts were made to coincide with those of the Divisional Boards, and differed therefore from those adopted in 1876. The broad divisions of the colony, however, remain unaltered, and by grouping the census district* in accordance with the natural divisions, a com parison between the results in 1876 and 1881 may be instituted which is fairly accurate. A table is subjoined showing the population accord ing to these groups in the two census years. Taking first the Northern distriots, we find that the population of the mining settlement* of the Palmer and Hodgkinson, with the adjacent •oast, hag diminished in the last five years. It is * population of which the large majority is Chinese. When the census of 1870 was taken the Chinese rush was in full progress, and it con tinued for nearly twelve months after the •numeration. The total Chinese population of the district! referred to probably reached its maximum in twelve months after the date of the former enumeration, and from that time it baa dwindled steadily. The actual progress of these distriots can be measured only by the number of white people living there, which cannot be ascertained till the census details are pub lished. The next group in our table includes the flourishing mining centre of Charters Towers with its outlying goldfields, also the Gilbert and Btheridge, together with the ports of Townsville Bowen, and the little isolated settlement of Cardwell and the Herbert River. In this group the population has nearly doubled, and though some of the increase may be due to an influx of Chinese to the outlying fields ifc is mainly genuine progress, an addition to the number of the permanent white settlers. At Maokay the population has also inoreased greatly, and although the whites are probably in a minority, yet the proportion between the races is no doubt the same now as it was in 1876. Th* Central distriots—at least that portion of them to the eastward of the dividing range— have made very little progress. Settlement there, through the existence of the marsupial plague, has been exceedingly slow, and the falling off in the Peak Downs copper mines has told heavily against the group. It is in the Southern part of the colony that the greatest numerical increase has taken place. The prosperous group of settlements in the Wide Bay and Burnett distriots have made good progress, having added more than 7900 souls to their numbers in the five years. The Brisbane and Ipswich group, including all the country " below the Range," have not made muoh pro portionate progress, although an actual addition of over 16,090 souls has been made to the population. The same may be said of the Darling Downs group, including Stan thorpe, which ha>e done little better than the Central districts, showing an increase of only about* 4000 souls on 28,000. Better progress, however, has been made in the Maranoa and Balonne group, where the gain is over 50 per cent, the population having actually inoreased by over 2000 souls. With the exception of Burke, the pastoral dis triota have made good progress. The population of the great North-western distriot has positively decreased, a fact which will be a surprise to many who have read of the progress of settle ment there. In the Mitchell and Gregory the population has more than doubled, and the substitution of sheep for cattle now in progress wvl no doubt accelerate the growth of the popu lation. And the progress of the Warrego group, although not so rapid, has also been very con siderable. Speaking generally, the census shows that the Southern districts still contrive to progress more rapidly than those in the North. The increase of population on the watersheds of Moreton and Wide Bays and the Burnett River in five years nearly equals the whole population of the Cen tral districts, probably equals that of the North from Mackay to Cape York, if Chinese are ex cluded from the reckoning, and exceeds the in crease in all the other distriots of the colony put together. Comparative statement of the census results of 1876 aod 1881 :— Northers Districts. Fob the firat Bitting of the session, there was a good attendance of members on the assembling of the Legislative Council on Tuesday afternoon, there being twenty-two gentlemen present The ohangea which the President had to report as having taken place during the reoeas were more numerous than usual, these including the reaig* nation of Mr. Ivory ; the death of Mr. Fttz, the late Clerk of Parliaments, and the appointment of Mr. Radford in his place; the appointments of the Hon. B. D. Morehead and Messrs. Rome and Maophenon ; and the unusual circumstance of the resignation and reappointment of one of the members of the Council, the Hon. James Taylor. The Postmaater*General and Messrs. Rome and Taylor were each introduced in the ordinary way by two other members, and the two latter took the prescribed oaths, Mr. Morehead having previously gone through this ceremony before the Governor. Mr. Radford also had to take oaths of office and allegiance. The new Postmaster- General did not appear at all disconcerted at the prominent position in which he found himself for the first time, and although there was a shade more of dignity in his comportment than was observable wheu h* occupied a seat in the Chamber which is sup* posed to be more congenial to his tastes, still there were certain signs that his old sprightli ness and love of fun had not entirely deserted him. Mr. Taylor, ai one of the "junior" mem* hers, moved the Address in reply in that blunt outspoken manner so characteristic of that bon. gentleman; and caused a laugh when, on re ferring to the bills to be brought forward, he confessed his ignorance on the subjects of beohe de-tner fisheries and the law of shipping, but acknowledged to a slight acquaintance with spirits and beer. Mr. Rome, in seconding the Address, created a decHedly favourable impres sion, and gave evidence, from the way in which he performed the duty, of proving a valuable acquisition to the Chamber. Mr. Walsh led off from the " Opposition" aide of the House, and vigorously attacked several portions of the Speech. No other member addressed himself to the question of the Address in reply, and it was resolved to adjourn the debate till next day. Jvst before the Speaker took the chair on Tues day afternoon the member* oame dropping in rather more slowly than on previous occasions. The Premier and Mr. Griffith entered almost at the same time, and each for a few momenta sat alone on his bench—the former seeming to re gard his opponent with a stern expression, the latter wearing the air of conscious integrity, combined with rigorous justice, which is so well known to his admirers. Mr. M'Lean was the first to support his chief on the Oppo sition front bench, and Mr. M'llwraith's col leagues soon relieved his isolation. Some little curiosity was felt as to the movements of the members. For a short time Mr. Stubley sat by the side of the Premier smiling across the House at his former comrades, but he soon found his way back to his old position. The ceremony of swearing in the new members was marked by no new features, and the difficulty that three men always experience when they en* deavour to go round a sharp curve in a dignified manner and arm in arm was cot overcome in a more satisfactory way this year than on pre vious occasions. Generally speaking the intro duoers smile feebly as they approach the Speaker, while the new man gases straight in front of him, and looks exceedingly solemn. But there was not the ghost of a smile on the Premier's face as he brought forward his new colleague, and he moved the chairs our of his road with as much stern decision as if they had been political opponents. The new member for Mackay made an excellent impression by his opening address. He spoke like a man who knew exactly what he intended to say, and had the gift ot saying it in dear intelligible language ; and he was not disconcerted, although he did not receive the indulgence usually extended by the House to new members making their maiden speeches. He had hardly begun speaking when Mr. Groom interjected a sarcastic remark, and he had to go on amidst frequent interruptions from the Oppo sition benches. Mr. Henry Palmer also acquitted himself in a creditable manner, and although craving indulgence according to the usual formula, displayed very little nervousness. There were many cheers on the Government side of the House when the reading of the report of the Royal Commission was concluded, and counter cheers from the Opposition, led by a significant "bear, hear" from Mr. Griffith, when the Colonial Secretary came to the words " and the evidence taken by the Commission" in moving that the report be printed. Last session the Ministerial members seemed to be more anxious for the fray than their opponents ; this year the Oppositionists had almost the mono poly of defiant ejaculations. The remark does not apply to Mr. Griffith. He was mild and depre catory in his manner, and it was in an almost affectionate tone that he exhorted members to read, mark, and inwardly digest the evidence taken by the Royal Commission before they met again. The proceedings terminated in a rather abrupt manner. The Premier left the question of how the report should be considered with a " nettle it among yourselves" air to the mem bers generally. The House accordingly rather drifted into than decided upon the arrangement for a week's adjournment. 1870. Cook, Somerset, and Palmar .. .. 13,107 Kennedy, Cardwell, Etbexidge and Gil- bert, TowdbtUIo 8,957 Ihckaj ... 8,803 Ckntbal Districts. Clennont, Gladstone, Weetwood, 8t. Lawrenoe, Leiohhardt, Bpringsure, Taroom, "oak Dowim, and Book- banpton „ .. .. _ .. 20,(80 1881.* 11,921 16,436 5,920 23.W7 Southern Dibtbicts. Bundaberg, Wide Bay, Tlaro, Gympie, Burnett, Maryborough 22,284 29,410 Balonne and Maranoa 4.289 6.485 Dalby, Darling Downs, Stanthorpe, Toowoomba, and Warwick .. .. 28,100 82,241 Brisbane, Caboolture, Oxley, Logan, East Moreton, West Moreton, Faasi- fern, and Ipswich (56,180 82,687 Western Pastoral Districts. Mitohell and Gregory 2,610 6,150 Lbarleville, Ctuuuunulla, and Warrego 1,681 2,697 Burke 1,622 1,276 . T x ., * 173,283 818,169 * In this column the 2} per cent for non-oolleotlon has been added to the total for each group of distriota. 