The Proposed New Cathedral. IMPORTANT PUBLIC MEETING AT THE CITY HALL. YESTERDAY afternoon, pursuant to adver. tisement, an important public meeting of those initerested in the erection of the Newcastle Cathedral, was held at the City Hall. His Lordship the Bishop of Newcastle (Dr. Pearson) occupied the chair, having on his right the Bishop of Melbourne (Dr. Moorhouse), and on his left the Rey. Canon Selwyn. There was a moderate attendance, including clergy. men, lay representatives, and a large pro portion of ladies. After the proceedings had been opened with prayer, The Bisuo' oF NEWCASTLE said that he thought it one good principle of a useful life to know how to make a good use of one's friends, and that was what he proposed to do with his friend on his right. The Bishop of Melbourne was just now setting such a very good example to Australian Bishops in the matter of cathedral building, that he thought he could not do better than take advantage of his short visit, to afford him an oppor tunity of stirring up those in the New castle diocese in this important matter. They needed stirring up. The present meeting gave just one illustration of the difficulties that had to be faced. It wae admitted that Newcastle was the right place for the meeting, being the cathedral city, and it had been decided to hold it in the afternoon (not the most convenient time), m order to give an opportumty to country visitors to return home. He expressed his regret at not seeing a larger gathering, but hoped that the result would not be measured by the attendance. (Hear, hear.) It was a great work they were about to enter upon-a great and worthy one - and he would just remind them that it was one that might be described as bequeathed by the late Bishop Tyrell to his successor. He could well imagine a casual traveller pass ing through the city and passing their church on the hill, exclaiming, "How could a man with the wealth and energy of Bishop Tyrell allow himself to go on for more than thirty years with such a a shabby church as that to represent his diocese; "that yellow barn that crowns the height above"? Those who had entered upon the work of the late Bishop could very easily answer those questions. For his own part he thought it rather to his honour, than otherwise, that Bishop Tyrell did not build a cathedral here. They knew full well that he had the less showy portion of his work more imme diately at heart, and although he did not associate his name with any grand pile of buildings (which he might have done had he been so inclined), he was planmng all the timo, so that the most remote bush parishes of his diocese might not be with out ministerial provision, and to that he sacrificed time, energy, and money. Hence it was to his honour that he wrought for the organization of his diocese, rather than seek to associate with it a memorial structure. It would not redound to their honour to let things remain stationery. (Hear, hear.) Look around the colony of Now South Wales. Sydney possessed its spacious, free, and open Cathedral. That of Goulburn was almost finished. Armidale has its. Grafton was soon boast of its grand minister. Bathurst had its Cathedral, and the diocese of Riverina would soon be ahead of Newcastle unless they made a decisive start. (Applause.) They would learn a good and wholesome lesson that afternoon, that would result in a display of practical energy. These were not the only reasons for pressing the matter on their attention. If the work did not com mend itself as a worthy one, even should every other diocese in the world think different and do as they liked, Newcastle would evince a manliness in not taking action or co-operating. (Hear, hear.) The work was worthy of doing for itself. (Hear, hear). In thefirstplace, aCathedral Church should, in a manner, be the pattern church of the whole diocese, in the complete excellence of its arrangements, in the chastened beauty of its design and deco rations, in the thorough heartiness of its musical services, it should sot an example that should have an influence to the very extreme end of the diocese. Was it pos sible that the present Christ Church could take its place as the very soul of all churches in the diocese of Newcastle? Try as they might, it was almost impos sible to carry out a stately, and he would almost say a decent, ritual m a building of its character. He hoped, ere long, they would have a church in this centre of church work which would be a model to Maitland, Morpeth, and all the rest. (Applause.) A cathedral church had also a very important truth to bear witness to, viz., that they had not merely to regard themselves as members of isolated con gregations here and there, but should try to grow more and more completely into the thought that they were members of a great church order throughout the world. The tendency in colonial parishes was very much towards congregational. and pai'ohial isolation. This was, no doubt, the natural result of the great distances by which they were separated from one another, but a cathe dral should be a centre towards which all parishes and all churchmen should look, and be a sort of memoual or witness to them that they were members of a great family, and subjects of a large kingdom. Tie General Synod had, as one of its chief works, to try to plan according to the old laws of church work, a constitution, or establish one for the Church of Englandi"O the dionsees of Australia and Tasmania. They did not look upon each little detach. gent of woreshippers as anything like a corplete existence in itself. He hoped hat they, as a whole, would be worked oane welded together as a branch of the seat church throughout the world. peplaus) A cathedral should be a bernaclo and witness amongst them to iless to its truth. There were Chris "ine he knew, who put it forward as a 1rainost principle of their church organi. etln thet each congregation should be 1emplet in itself, independent of its neigh os in discipline, doctrineo, and gener. lly a unit standing alone. But sth was not the system of the hbach of England, and a worthy cethedrsl standing on that noble hill would le permanent lesson, a witness that this see not the princepad Church of England, ese they ackuowledged something far igher, end that we looked upon ourselves rae as detached institutions floated here en there, but as forming parts of one great insttittion-an honour to the acrese, and a reinuder that the diocese ielf was but one parish in the great 1eh of Christendom. (Applause.) Be eanhl not aoetain them longer, but, in con. (asion, expressed a hope that the new aatairs would soon be the pride and ?Iary of the diocese. (Applause.) His lardship then called upon the Bishop of fielboua e. J iohop MooniousE (who was very warmly peeted) remarked that they all knew what asathldral church was-the ecclesias Whalhralisithe mother church of the ixese; the church which is so- called lease the cathecdraa, or church of the Pa ap, is set out of it. It is in that larch that the Bishop prays, and ripens, e.lgathers his clergy and laity on great i-i salemn occasions; therefore their hr.t motive should be that nt be made rhir Bishop's church, and they should "lea him sufficiently well to provide him rth a church adapted to the needs of a Crri-tian and arduous Bishop. They hkld all love their bishops. (Hear, leer.) In their last Bishop they had a airgryman known for his philanthropy e?d Christian devotion to his mission, in prat and continuous, unceasing labours, rateely to churchmen in Australia, but Eprglhnd and elsewhere wherever there c.a men whose opinion was a stimulus -ag0ad. (Applause.) He could not say erything, of course, about Bishop Pear e:n: he being present, anything said rightibe chargeable as friendship. Never isless he would say that he could not ecsibly have been long enough amongst enm for them to know a tithe of the 1scness and piety that dwelt within re- (Applause) - and if it pleased frI to continue him with them long. acire generations would point back to "e name of Pearson as not the i':of great Australian primates. (Ap '"e). Because they loved and valued La he urged that they should give him sahtter church than the mean- looking ai'g house which now disgraced one etie finest ites in Australia. (Laughter). Irsonal consideration apart, as Dr. ltr :an lad said, they should build a ehIr~rl for purposes of utihty. In every ¼, there were a number of societies l.aea together for useful purposes-the h'iling of churches, promotion of mission a:rk in the humh parishes, etc., and he a:.ture to say that such societies would ,er prosper as they should until tiaeir ni'bers could bh gathered together into anuon service. They could not possibly goather them until they found a home Ir them. The parish church was the srnral homne and centre of all parish icrk and organisation, but there would aleahrme for ther societies until they ititte chair lhuae n for them. If they I4 men into bush cehurchec they got, roe or less, dise 'utented with what is asn and done ti ore. It was human ntire, and can't be helped that they will I. more or less jealous of making pinsh church a sort of deocesan isre, won't like to go there, and eon't like the peculiarities of parochial s.ices; and until they could get a home r them in the mother church of the bases they will never prosper, but hang dant, lacking a uniform bond of visible :icence, anti the sterling warmth de fbai alone from the centre heart of the :nse. (Applause.) Let attention be di to the consideration urged. It was a pat thing to have a visible type of their dan to lay before the eyes of the whole mlid. Let all see they were as one: ftethe church consisted not of a number bdiolated congregations setting up to be lecrienl centreshipse-have it a body, an gani hborne, working together, sym pthieing with each other; the strong ci aich aout d to take of the poor and cia and lowly, and let each and dl ci their means and liberality rite in erecting a noble minster loathe grand site they posseseed. (Ap thiee.) Such a building would point dl sateteetched finger backward to nice snail onward to tihe future; backward lealeir conneotion with thre greend hinitory Ciglarious associations which they had hight to share along with their brethren Ergland; and point forward to its Pot future amongst ninety millions ef Ergish.spsaking people, to which the firch and Englishmen had a right to i0efarward. (Applause.) They should arieamind that the Church here had a laan to teach and a work to do. Their" lhlap would be enabled to institute cereal eervices for all classes of particular oits and particular classes; gathering _ him the best musical ability, ci the best preaching talent an hitralia; and he prophesied that i) make the services impressive, there ias a secret of power in their tenderful liturgy which none of them Opected, He would make that Cathedral Sehool of preachers to the whole diocese. Rose who preached there would have to aotwo things: they would have to im lass their method and improve their nener. (Laughter and applause.) He wvery ll wrhat it was to preach in luecathedralsh he had preached often se in St. Paul's Cathedral and West aister Abbey-and if a man did not 'hth.blelooked upon as what had been rmed but "a bee bumming in a bottle " ia0l ld be necessary for him, when in a hthedral, to pronounce his words slowly n daistinotly, articulate his sentences, en give forth such grace of sound as God cap have oudowed him with to the Illest. (Applause.) And, further, if a untalked like that, he would have to Iksdanse. (Laughter.) It must also be ght and impressive sense that he must iisnxpression to. (Lasughter) It might pasmible to put forward some common hies,if sue could hurry over them ; but hsn a mic has to give them forth with Ithe character of cathedral preaching, at once stands convicted by himself, l their utterance became intolerable 5eai to him who uttered them. (Apa lase.) It wouhl prove a school for all as gentlemen who waer pretty free to ,eiarl eloquenee and they would not ah to give themselves so much up to t es of elocutionunot so much of the studied effect of crescendo or diminuendo -lest they bring themselves at once down to the level of the said "bee bumming in a bottle "-in a word, they would be more simple, more homely, more trenchant, and more powerful preachers. (Applause.) That was some thing to be thankful for-to mend the preachers of the whole diocese. (Laughter.) As to the "expense, little was done worthy of doing without the expenditure of money. Although bearing in mind, and respecting, the lato bishop's action, he considered dhstinctly that money spent on a cathedral was not money wasted. The ordinary objection, " what business have we to speid money that way while so many othar thinge are left undone; why waste money on a temple of stone, while we are neglecting the living temples of the Holy Ghost in the parish ?" was a very vain and very hollow one. He would not be one to take away a single penny destined for that purpose, and if his appeal that day would divert a farthing from that great purpose, he would regret having taken any part m malming such an appeal. What need was there for such a diversion ? Ask them selves a fair, plain question, and insist upon an answer. They had a cer tain fund, he took it, which they devoted to the purposes of building, en largiug, or decorating their own dwelling places. Was that robbing the poor? Ought they be ashamed of building their own houses as spaciously and handsomely as they could alford ? No; they did ctt build them for mere ostentation alone, hut simply because they were their homes, their most precious places on earth, and the centres ot their purest pleasures. (Applause.) Very well: if so, he asked them to do just the same with respect to the Church of God, in which they were to come together and hear God's word and sing his plaises. If true Christians, the life of Christ was the principle example forced upon their lives, giving the brightest hope and deepest peace. If they had learned that to love the Lord with all their hearts was the first great end of Christianity, then utter forth the conviction and erect a sightly temple to the glory of God. (Applause.) Let the measure of their liberality bear some proportion to the sums of money spent upon their own homes. (Hear, hear.) Let it not be taken from the poor, nor from parish missions, but from the domestic building fund. (Hear, hear.) Let them exercise a little self.denial, and shew that they were disgusted with the mean building up there, which did nothing short of hbel the whole church in Newcastle. This course would rob no one of a penny, the money would not be missed, the self denial would be unfelt, it would be shown that their rehgion was something more than a form, and their worship of God something more than hp. service. They saw the forces of unbelief and evil gathering in dark menace around the church of Christ, and he ex. horted them to show their faith in the church by raising a noble structure which to generations and generations should be available, should show that their faith was founded on a rock, and however powerful the enemies of the church, the gates of hell shall nievr prevail against her. (Loud Applause.) The Rev. Canon SELWYN said that he only regretted that the whole of Newcastle had not been present to have hlistened to the address just delivered. Many more would have attended had they been ab'e, and if they had heard the Bibhop of Mel bourne once would have come again twice or thrice. He trusted and ven tured to believe that he would on some future occasion honour them with a visir. He had hoped that the room would have been crowded, yet he asked all present-and not in vain, he believed-that they would be as centres to spread the spirit of what had been just said throughout the city, throughout their families, and the circle of their friends. There were reporters present, who would send forth the words uttered in their hearing far and wide. The Rev. Canon then paid an eloquent tri bute to the address delivered by his Lordship, referring to the active part he had taken in matters at the recent General Synod, at which more good had been done than at any Synod held in the colony in times past. He expressed his belief that they were now arriving at a point when they would be able to com mence actual work-(hear, hear) and trusted, that it would be carried out in the spirit and in the lines suggested by Bishop Moorhouse. They would begin in a few weeks, and select a plan that should be worthy of the site, and without any further hindrances go on in the great and most important work of building the church. (Applause.) He urged the necessity for all giving according to their means, remembering that the Lord looketh upon the giver and not upon the gift. The cathedral, when once started, ought to go steadily on, and not stop a moment for lack of funds. It was his intention, so long as God spared him, to devote ·£100 per annum towards the funds, until the edifice was completed. (Loud applause.) Mr. B. B. COTTON, after a few remarks, warmly encouraging all to support the work, reiterated his promise of giving £100 at once. (Applause.) The BIsHOP or NEWCASTLE alluded to a question of legal hindrances which had been discussed at the late Synod, and pointed out that after carefulinvestigation he was fully of opinion that with energy and united effort these could all be thoroughly overcome. (Applause.)' He called upon the Rev. S. Simm (Raymond 'Trra-ce and the Rev. J. Shaw (Ma't land.) Poth reverend gentlemen, on behalf of the country districts, briefly addressed the meeting, pointing out that a feeling of interest in the movement was not alone confined to Newcastle; and expressed a willingless and determination to assist in every means within their power. The Rev. Mr. Shaw also apologized for the unavoidable absence of the Rev. B. E. Shaw (Singleton) and the Rev. Mr. Yarrington (Maitland.) The BesnoP oF THE DIOCESE, in con clusion, expressed a hope that, although there was not very much talking, they would see the result in speedy action. (Hear, hear.) The benediction was then pronounced, and the meeting closed. Owing to pressure on space several items of local and general interest are held.over. A meeting of the members of the Bethel Lodge of Good Templars is advertised to be held to-night, at 7.30; the business being election of officers for the ensuing term. Members of time Newcastle Volunteer Infantry are requested to attend at Captain Brown's private office this evening, at half past 7, foi the purpose of being measured for new tunics. The V. C. Anssnul Picnic takes place to day, at the Sandhills. opposite the new General Cemetery. A special, train leaves Newcastle at 10 a.m., returning at 5 p.m. A very enjoyable outing is anticipated. 