We think no ono will be surprised to hear that the will in the Lamoiit case has been upheld. Courts of law aro justifiably timid when it is a question of upsetting the recorded intontions of a testator, and a man is allowed a very large latitude in disposing of his pro- perty. In the case of Mr. Lainont there were no doubt circumstances that might seem to call for inquiry. The fact that Mr. Lamont left tho bull: of his property away from liis own relatives; that he was at one time a man of very in temperate habits ; that ho fell lat terly under the influence of strangers; and' that ho entertained theories about spiritualism which ordinary people regard as eccentric or insane, are all matters which admit of boing interpreted in a Avay adverse to the validity of the will. On tho other hand, it was shown that Mr. Lamont, who had no children of his " own, had treated relatives, of whom he was not very fond, with reason able consideration ; that ho was to all 'appearances iu full possession of his in tellect down to the last day of his' life ; and that his intimacy with the friends whom ho enriched had lasted over seve ral years, aud had been attended by a marked change for the better in his habits. Except for the strong, and we think rather exaggerated, sentiment, that a man ought not to' leave his money away from his family, these consider ations certainly seem to outweigh all that can bo said against them. It is just as avc-11 that such cases should be inquired into. Wherever there is any real ground for suspicion that' money has been obtained by improper means it is desirable that the whole case should be held up to the full light of publicity. In the present instance, pub lic opinion" will, Ave think, easily ac quiesce in t!ia judgmeut of tho court. But although the Lamont case ends tamely, avo fancy it will always bo in cluded among tho. famous cases of the Victorian courts for the curious light it throws on the relations of the dead to the liviug. Mr. Lamont was fortunate enough to have other friends besides his residuary legatee, Mr. M'G'eorge. There.- must, indeed, have been somo strange faseiuation about- this Avealthy quartz reefer — whom Mr. M'Georgo des cribes as imperious and dictatorial, Avho took off his boots in a room where visi tors Avere seated, Avho was constantly drunk, atid'AA'ho used A'iolont language on very small provocation — for he seems to havo conciliated the regard and attracted the attentions of a little circle j of educated friends. Conspicuous amon<r these was Mr. James Smith, who at present is only a Conservative jour- nalist. but who remembers distinctly that ho was once Dante and tshaiispearo in former pih-iscs of existoace. Mr. James Smith's friendship avos displayed in the frankest and most genial manner. ; I Ho consented to occupy, a house iu | Hawthorn which Mr. Lainont built, and | the plans of which Avere altered to suit I Mr. Smith's convenience. The friends Avere .thus in close neighborhood, Mr. Lamont occupying tho adjoining house, over which the fortunate legatee, Mr. M "'George, presided. Unhappily, the arrangement led to a rupture. Mr. M'Georgo has sworn that Mr. Smith agreed to pay a rent of £150 ; but Mr, Smith soeiu3 to have understood the matter dilicreutly, and declined to pay the rent, which was to bo receiA'ed by Mr. M'Georgo. " Upon this," says Mr. Punchatd, another witness, '"Mr. Lamont " became excessively enraged ; he Avalkod " and stamped about my room, .calling " Mr.. Smith a Ioaa1, inacu, contemptible ' fellow." Thoro was a complete rup ture in consequence, und Mr. Smith evacuated tha house. So far there is nothing inexplicable in tho story. Tho really remarkable part begins after Mr. Lamont's death in 18S0. At that time Mr. James Smith, who had lectured against Spiritism, as Mr. Lamont's guest, in 1872 or thereabouts, bad becomo again a convert to that peculiar faith. We suppose it Avas this change of view that conciliated Mr. Lamont's regard for him again, and the deceased man took tho remarkable step of presenting him self at a private tted nrs, establishing his identity, and arranging for an interview with his former friend. We do not at tach much importance to tho ghost's in truding upon a family circle iu which ho was only known to a single person. Mr. Lamont was a brusque, overhearing man, accustomed to find his wishes de ferred to, and ho Avas no doubt burning to deliver himself of a revelation. We confess, however, we should like to know in Avhat way he established hie identity) and Avhether an impostor or practical joker, if such characters can exist among spirits, may now have counterfeited Lamont's name for some mischievous purpose. However, if the first evidence is a little weak, the report of the actual interview can hardly fail to satisfy the most hardened sceptic, as it in fact satis fied the acute dialectical mind of Mr. James Smith. "True friend of other "days," said tho spirit, "four of us " have often sate together ; t.wo were true " and two Avere false, and I have como " from the world of spirits to tell you " that I was not myself when I mado " that will. My brain was Aveakened by " early excesses, and Mac and that " woman knew it. ... J, S., I " swear before my God it Avas they and " not I who did that thing." There aro some oth'or profound aud pathetic re marks, sncli as that " Life is short and " eternity is long," and that J. S. " must b6 patient in well doing and " persevere iu bringing upon them a " righteous retribution." The gist of tho whole, however, is that in the opinion of Mr. Lamont's spirit his Avill ought to be upset. Mr. James Smith was evidently of the same mind, Judge Molesworth tells us that he seems to have been active in getting up the case for the applicants ; and he figures in the evidence of Mr. Jackson as hav ing confessed to that gentleman that ho inserted an advertisement to bring him over, and as then offering him a share in tlie property if he would go in for worrying his wife.' Wo "aro quite sure that neither Daute nor Shakspeare would have resorted to such a proceeding under any circumstances, and if Mr. James Smith, their present representative, did so, we must account for it by tlih sup position that he is more keenly alive than they Avere to spiritual influences. Perhaps, by the bye, as in one stage of existence he Avas an eagle, ho may in this single instance have been harking back to that remote strain of ancestry. How ever, Avhat strikes us as remarkable is that the spiritual communications Avliieh convinced a private circle, .which satisfied Mr. James Smith, which Avas published inthatauthoritative organ, the JJurbint/er of Light, and Avliieh must have contri buted poAverfully to tho proceedings taken, was never so. much as inquired into by the judge. Not only was' Mr. Lamont's spirit not subpoenaed — which Ave admit might be difficult, nnd for doing which the precise stage had not been reached — but his Honor Judge M olesworth Avent so far as to say that " as " tothis Smith Avas not corroborated," and to add, " On the Avbole, his Honor " would regard Smith's evidence with " some distrust." We ore loth even to hint a suspicion that a judge Avhom the Avhole community respects so profoundly as it docs Judge Molesworth can have been guilty of a hasty utterance ; but surely those words require to be limited. He cannot mean that the representative of Dante and Shakspeare fabricated a communication from the other world, or uttered it knowing it to be fabricated, in order that he might frighten tho legatees into giviug him part of the inheritance of a man on whom ho had no possible claim, and with, whom he had quarrelled. Such a proceeding would scarcely be the act of a poet. What his Honor meant to say surely was that Mr. James Smith had been too credulous in believing his dead friend, or his friend's personator, and that he ought to have brought the ghost into court, or at least to have taken his statutory deposition. This last is so reasonable a view that we can not dissent from if. The determination of the Government to proceed with their proposed measure dealing Avith the importation of tea has naturally excited considerable dissatis faction. Traders, as Avell as consumers, according to its provisions,' will be both placed in an unsatisfactory position. Good teas may be condemned undor the act, whilst the admission of bad tea is made quite practicable. The act, as it stands, defines absolutely nothing ; in deed, it would seem that an attempt has been made to draft a short -bill out of the 50th and filst sections of the Imperial statute dealing Avith the sale of food and drugs, without having the slightest regard to the refer ences those sections have to other clauses in the act, or the codified regulations under Avhich tho Im perial statute is administered. As the law stands in England, the in spectors of tea— officers regularly ap pointed by tlie Grown— are required to examine every shipment of tea; and, should doubts arise as to tho soundness or purity of any portion after they haA'o tested the samples draAvn by infusion, I they are at once to forward the same to I tho propet"authorities for analysis, who j determine whether or not the suspected i tea shall or shall not go into consnmp- |tion. Neither imperial inspectors nor j analysts are however left freo to | form opinions Avhich may be open to objection > for, although the words. of tbo fourth clause of' Sir Dry&n; O'Loghen's biil are nothing more than a transcription of a portion of tlie JOth sec tion of the English act, in the latter the. regulations give tho lowest standard at which tea can be imported. Hence, if the shipper from China or clso- j whero sends tea to England below j Avhat the chemists havQ decided can bo j ; regarded as sound or pure, ho does so i ; with his eyes open. He accopts tllbj j risk, and he cannot complain if his ship-, j ment is destroyed. As tho proposed | Victorian bill stands, no merchant orj importer can bo sure Avbether 'or not Avhat his agents in China purchase for him will be up to Avhat the analytical chemist for the time being at tbo port of Melbourne may bo of opinion is suitable for consumption. Tastes differ so much that Avhut ono chemist considers good another condemns, as Ave had evidence in June last. In the instance referred to, it will be re membered that two analytical chemists condemned certain samples of tea as wholly unfit for human consumption, whilst two other gentlemen in tho same profession, including the Go vernment analyst, passed them as gonuinc. We can carry the examplo still further by following tho same tea in its travels. It Avas sent /or sale to New Zealand, but the authorities there differed again from our Government analyst, and declined to admit it. Tho shipmeut. Ave believe, was returned to Melbourne, and doubtless ore this has passed into the hands of retailers, it would be impossible to argue that both opinions were right. Either the tea in question Avas fit or was not for human consumption, and avo hold that our tea import business Bhould not hang on the dictum of one man. What our mer chants require, and aa'bat they are entitled to have, is a clear and distinct standard under aa'ljich no teas will be admitted into Victoria. If Ave adopt the' Imperial standard, Avhich is as well known in China as it is in London, 110 one will complain. If is for this reason that we have urged that the entire statute and its schedules dealing Avith foods and drugs as in forco in England should be adopted in Victoria. The Ministerial plea is that there is not sufficient time to do thi3 during the currency of tha present session. Why, it may be asked. No draftingis required; the mere mechanical Avork of rc-producing the English bill and it3 schedules Avonld not take long, whilst Ave should by this means obtain a clear and defined act, dealing compre hensively not only with adulterated teas, but with a thousand and one counterfeits in drugs aud foods which are now sapping the constitutions of thousands of the cowinunitj'. 