A PEDESTRIAN TOUR THROUGH GIPPSLAND. BY A BOHEMIAN. " Humeleaa, nggad aad tansed, - ,: Under the ahaugtttl aky,"*c Such is the burden of oar song, ear ol.id joyously forth ona aunahiny morn, ma we tar* our backs an the bop-fringed beaka of tbe tileat flowing Mitchell; gird - up our loins, and with ataff in band lake the high roal for sale. We, Oat is to say my male sad I, had a taw days back left Melboura* by rail; had tasbed, meteor- like, through Sale, tbtnce :ofer the lakes, by steam boat, to Bainsdale. Ike nature of one boaineaa nt?d not be mentioned bere. Suffice it to aay that whatever it might, eswld, woald, or should . bare bean, the aforesaid boaioeaa auecumbed to the mord aabtle allurements of pleasure. Consequently, behold U4 now en route for Melbourne, without money and without scrip—for which, however, we bate Apoatolic precedent; but 'a*' a -aetoff against tbeae denderoia, •■rejoicing in the poa •ession of souod.eo-mitutioua, buoyant spirits, and a considerable amount of tavoir fain. . Leaving Bairnadak—or BarmdaU, •a it ia alaoat iuTariably pronounced ii that part of Gippaland—the tele graph road takes us through aoate flat, uninteresting country, timbered prin cipally with box. For the first tea miles or so the eye is relieved by numerous comfortable looking home •tead*, which at intervale line the road on either aide; but these gradually become fewer, and finally diaappear as we enter the region of pine scrub aad sandhills. We achieve about twentf n?e mils*, aad the son ia setting in all bis erinaon glory, before wo think of camping- Our blanketa have been left at Bairosdale, sod the night waxes cold; but the fatigue of a long ■arch, csjmbi pad with the aemnif?rau> effect of a blaring fire, soons steeps oar senses, ia forgetfalness. The aext morning, I verily believe we were on our war before that early, feathered •ongster, the lark, bail opened an eye. And with good reason. A. coach of soft, springy fern, canspied by the spreeding branches of a giant eucalypti)*, may aound ■ pcetical, bat, when the time is about four a.m., and, when not only the aforesaid couch, but yoar eluthe*, your hair,' and very eyebrows ate saturated with the grate ful dew of heaven, while a pier^iag wind invades every b->ne, congealing the blood in jour ?tiu?, and causing yoa? to per form a aacd-jig to a dental accompani ment ftaen truly ia removed a consider able amount of gilt from the surface of the gingerbread—in other words the povtry?? lost. ■ . Bat thd sun ia up once morr, and bis genial influence is 'soon made ap paieat. Our clothes "are dry; my friend Jim's luxuriant whukera hvre resumed their wonted curl; ar.d onr •piritai rise propurtmnately- We even go so far >* t> ne.t the diiunmfnrt* cf i be previous jiight ■? a capital j>.kt*. r"IT iTbirt eiiouifh by the tinie we reach Strotfurd (tot un Av m); and we uait at the lio^trlry of Mr- T.rni Currai— m retired oiemlier of the P.I!., and accord* ing to all accounu s very hot member to^—and quaff a tankard of ale put chased wild—sole remaining joy'—our laat coin of the real m. . From Stratford to Sale, the computed distance is ten miles; and, I nay safely add, long ones too. Arriied at Pale, we took up onr abode at a modeat board and lodging eatab lishment, where we remain a fear days pending the arrival of our abandoned impedimenta from Beechworlb, and, it must be added also—a remittance. Hale is one of tbe quietiest and dul lest towns that I ever remember having inflicted my Bohemian presence upon. There ia an air of uncompromising res pectability about its well-laid out streets, neat patements, and imposing building fronts that ia almost wearying to cou emplate- Tbe very policemen we encountered in an idle stroll to the locil temple of Aatnet, where the Court was sitting, seemed impregnated with an odour of immaculatneao, and wore an expression of dignified aus terity worthy of the learned judge wbo prwided' ;.,.>.• .•■.'.■ . . There ia one object of interest at least in Sale of which the worthy inhabitants of tbat feative town are justly proud. 1 refer to the Artesian Well This en terprise has more than realiaedtb* moat sanguine anticipationa of ite apirited projector!- Aa a lull description of irs capabilities etc. has appeared more than once in other columns, I refrain from commenting further theron, beyond a passing wonder that such s commend able example haa not been more gener ally imitated. But enough of Sale and its water supply. We are once more en rout*; this time equipped with blankets carried swag?wiae, and bearing also a certain utenatl yclept ia buahman'a parlance a '* billy." By tbe way, this same billy taraed oat a miserable Iraud, aa will shortly appear. On our departure we receive multi tttdtnow directions concerning ov I route; bat in the be* of the parting asseverations ot our host tbat " it was next to impossible to go wrong," with surprising facility ws succeed ia deviat ing from the proper road, and nightfall finds us near a signal station sa tha railway somewhere near RwadtSe. This untoward circumstance does net weigh mightily with sw. We decide to camp for the night, S3 selecting a convenient spot in the vicinity, a fire ia quickly kindled, and our blankets spread before tha ruddy blase. At thia stag* of tha ptoosdiagt. aa impious ajMalaiitiw trota Jia.?hoaM|DM to he stream lard by for a topply of water, falls upon my ear. I as not leas; left to conjecture ita came. Tit billy, Itqis ! Not in drops; that might be tolerated; a perfeet torrent gather forth. Jim holds it aloft till the lut drop is exhausted, then dash** it fer vently to tbs> ground. There it, Kiev mocking us with its unsullied vanity, its- bran-new wortblewnesc. I oto toy first impulse is to jump en it; bat calmer thought prevail*. After bring ing oar joint stock of ingenuity to bear upon the causa of disquietude, a mesas j of remedying the disaster is happily discovered by drawing a piece ef linen tightly through the leak: This answers the purpose admirably, the otaading billy k restored to favour, and the all important question, tea. or so tea, is carried by acclamation in the affirm** tire. In the morning we eccounter a ahag haired, grimy looking individual who bad camped pear us, and whose dog had been making night hideous by the most dirge-like sounds in canine vo cabulary, himself filling up the measure of our jnrest by banging away fruit lessly before daylight at some stray wild-dnck in a neighbouring swamp. '1 his gentle swain points oat the direc tion :n which we may regain our lost track, and thanking him, we shoulder drami, sad go rejoicing on our way. Acroai plains, lightly timbered in patches with bull-oak, and clothed with luxuriant' herbage, under which lurk pitfalls to entrap the unwary pedestrian, ic the shape ot cr?b-hole?; through sundry belts of scrub, over a dreary expanse of treeless savannah, studded with herds of caitle that e?e our approach curiously, tos* their for midable hornsiggretsivelv, and scamper off wild as kangaroos, finally through several stubbie fields, and we are again on the high road. Towards evening wa reach I'owwar, distant from Sale about twenty milrs. though in our cir cuitous route we have traversed neatly twice tbat distance. Cow war is a small agricultural town ship of the one-bone typa- Whence the derivation of this extremely uh poetical same we are nnabla to ascer tain ; nor, in point of fact, da we give ourselves much trouble to do so. Its satire unlovelineas harmonises with the name. Scarcely a tree in ths im mediate neighbourhood can boaat of a rtstige of- bark .or foliage. By the process known as nne>b*rkin K . they hare been despoiled of their natural adjuncts, and now stand like bleacb$l j skeleton*, mounting guard ov er this cheerful village, or hamlet, or—happy inspiration !—ghost of a hamlet, thus, heightening the general deaolatenecs* of the scece. But C >ww?r can boast of .a', remarkably good note., where w<j forth with establish ourselves ;'ia po- ee-sed of a very piano, but no local taleut to expend itself' thereon. N >w, Jim iu this respect i? rather an'artiat. He ha* brcn allowing hi* auburn locks t<> luxuriaie, and cultivates a j Beethoven like appearance which is \ highly im pressive. Ue is now in. hi* element, %od, imtpired by sundry generous' libatioas, pours furlb'a '-concord of aweel sennas" that, is as novel us en tertaining to an appreciative auiieuci " Heli1 with liU inelo<lii>ai harmony .■ In willing cfeaius and tweet captivity." , Music, mirth, and revelry: mark the" progr<?s of the night, sombre medita tion coa?s in the moraine, We hold a council of war, wuieh results iu llie postponement Of-oiirdeparture until the followicg morning, iu order u> gather fre?h vigour for the ascent of the range* ov?r which we h?ve to pita to reach Walbslls, and which now iuoiu umiuuBsly near, itie i<>ii; summsr'a day w paaaeti by wanderini; aimlessly abuur, gaung vacuously 'ou the dismal laudacape before alluded to. In the evening, more music, mirth, and icvelry, and the following morci^ •as* the 'Ui well on his way seoitoward before we finally shake the dust of Cowwiir from off our feet. After trateniog two or.three mile* of level country, we begin to feel eensible of a considerable aeeent; the-road nar rows into a path, impracticable to' vehicle*, winding upward round forest clsd ravines and gullie*, and increasing in toilsooenesa at every step. We are now fairly into the mountain region: Each succeative acclivity" is our moonted, wuly to behold a more for midable one before us. Our swigs begin to prove a* irksome an incubus as tbe Old Man of the Sea waajo Sin had ; and a temptation to hurl them down the nearest gully is with difficulty resisted. Ou the laboriously- gained summit; of an unusually commanding eminence, Jim calls a halt, .ostensibly for the purpose of admiring the scenery; but in reality, a* I ahrawdly ?u?i>;ct —he being of- a somewhat portly figure, not to say corpulent—it is a ca*e of-" bellows to mend." Certainly, what we gain in pictaresqueaess and variety of scene, in a great measure counterbalance* tbe. additional fatigue etuailed by our present route. Olo?e by, a precipitous, descent of several hundred feet, decked with fragrant shrubbery and graceful fern, and studded with moss-grown boulden, shelves suddenly down to a darkst me ravine, from whose iapernona recess> a the distant murmur of a mountain tor rent is faintly audible. A succession of woody ranges stretch away in the distance, till, outline lost, they merge into a purple-tintMl se?, above which hoary-crested Baw-Biw towers in solemn grandeur. Onward and onward we go, frequently stopping to gain breath, till to our re lief, tbe road assumes a downward tee deaey, aad oir piofrem n eousequently more rapid—indeed on one occasion ■tore rapid than desirable. Wishing to avoid a considerable) bend, we am bitiously essay the descent j?f a steep declivity; but, when about three quarters of our perilous journey is acU3Ted t wegatheraaunduemoa>eetu?i, and roll ignominously down the sidling, accompanied by a shower of loess stones, aae followed by their swsgs; while the inevitable billy—now blackened with use clattering doaa -bsiiaa. iaapa excitingly over our beads, and diaaf ueaia into the anil* twin*. I , (ZVkcotittKtfJ ' 