THE SPIEFTUALISTIC SEANCE, "There are more things in heftTa and eutkihte' are dreamt of in our phflosopby.' — Shakespeare. Each " puffing a dond," and with evident glee. Indulging at times — perhaps mote than—seeds be— In a iMjttie of wMskej; the "Veal ; dew," Which, stood close at hand for the jus of the two; S H And right cosy, indeed, were thefeehlkl twain, For4he hoar was quite Jatp. and the wind and. Ji-ffie rdn f f g t C I / ff .liEhSbjewl withmA f I > ' End. there s not the least doubt """ ; That you or I, friend, would also have been In that state of mmdttyidRhedi&lDertne;,". Could we but have joined the con. vi rial scene. Green junior ,fl»W®)Ala're fhro%$f a lad — The joy of hia mother, the pride of his dad. And twenty long years his " wild oats " had he Thoughfcbat%& a<&ct; f'scaroy needs to he blown. 5- / ' " - ; O those wonderful 41 oats !" How swift memory floats Back, back from the words to a glorious time,— To agol den' prime That haunts like the chime Of beautiful bells or an olden rhyme ? As this promising couple sat drinking and And, uninterruptedly, winking and joking, " : And slyly anonaach his uas-orrtspokiag ; f . To any observers who mi£ht have been there It was easy to see there was fun in the air, — — The nature of vriiich though "-they- mightn't well I? i i. Yet the seqnel will shortly, undoubtedly, show. And here, -in the due course of what I relate,- . UamperatirelyuieedE that I forthwith do state, ( Miy jCrtpea hatiA&,An Dirfon i shfrhg 4pne — Cl - Which frequently gave him considerable fun — A ventriloquial power, which enabledhim oft To give folks a lootundemably soft.' On that memorable ripM — of all Yiiohts fn their life — Stayed in Senior Greens house old M'Xabbsand- his wife, '' V ' . / An irascible pair as ever " fell out," Since Adam and Eve used to wander about ; OldM'abbs often " her !' And qinte as oft " danged her1r While, true to her sex, and her vein being hot, The old lady gave quite as good as she got, And yet, strange to tell (and absolute tins is), Old Mr. M'Nabbs and his rancorous Mrs. On one given topic used ever t agree — Anobject for them always " top of the tree In things Spiritualistic they lost all their cares, In " Tappings" and "mediums " and such "like affairs. How sweet to think when balmy night Has wrapped the world in soft repose, That then, from otttlheYealms of light rj" Can come the radiant fbnns of Shosb Whoai, when with us, we loved so well Whose lips no fondly we didlriss— i" - Can in our ears -their -secrets tell, With all their weight of glorious bliss ! O, sweet, dead lores — So dear,.«o deari Your iremoty aye fondly clings ; ' We knowtEat still yon hover near — e hear the rustle of your wings ; We hear j-pur voices, soft and.low.; . W e catch the jight-fetm your sweet eyes. Ah, me ! "how long before we know "With you the bliss of Paradise ! Twas in sentiments similar to those just indited That Mr. and Mrs. M'Nabbs so delighted, Or seemed to delight, for it's hard to conceive, And certainly much harder still to believe, That Angels would quit their salubrious air To ever pome-nigh such a grumpy-old pair, , As the aged HNabtf undoubtedly were ; . But the "fact still -remains, -and can not'be denied. That anything ghostly they greatly enjoyed : Although for aU that, I'll bet a new hat It was merely a " hobby " they loved so to ride. Said young Green to his friend i Say, snookey, dear boy, Let's have a good liuch with the iollv old sur. And his missus; below— The Nabbs's, ye know. Just tell them that I am a " medium," d'ye see," And that spirits of high or inferior degree— It doesn't much matter of what grade they be — At my call have to come From their mystical home, And that all this won't prove the least trouble to me. In a room, dark and still, sat the Spiritualists four, Awaiting in silence ihe ghosts to come o'er F rom their pranks and pursuits on the opposite shore, And oblige with a taste of their mystical lore. Twas a strange solemn scene, Or at least would have been, If a few rays of light Could have crept in between. A stillness ensued, as profound as the grave, So deep 'twould have tickled the best of the brave ; For 'twas felt pretty well, That, for aught they could tell, Blessed angels of light Might be near them that night ; Or holding gay revels, Might be a few devils ! Which last nasty notion occasioned the attack Of a feeling like sand running down a man's back. The silence was broken 1 A voice, weird and slow, Seemed to come from the roof to the company below : — O, Abraham ir 2\abbs !" thrilled the accents of dread — " grandmother, " For she's near to thee now, though thou see'st not her face, ' " To save thee from sorrow and "bitter disgrace. " The wife of thy bosom—thou lovest so well— t Is faithles unto thee,— no fiction I tell ; Sue sitteth demurely, and 4 maketh believe : ' She janghs thee to scorn all the while in her sleeve; " The slinking old swells, who thy «Wnce soon learn, "Who hug her, and whom she doth hug in return, " Axe countless to me " As the fish of fAft. Awake man and watch 'em ! " And when thou dost catch 'em, " Give 'em 41 fits 2 " " Tear 'era to bits !' fa3e teeth were heard to grind. As the horrible tale locked. upRis xninH. \\\ h ; r be growled,' and then, " So. so !— J. Ph the whole squad to the devils below ! (t Go on; MrsrGrandmother — da.Tn« ft! proceed! I thought there was sometiung o' ttf sort in her breed 2 " Again came faience, AttMtydiaUh ; they held their panH breath ; Once more tiOhg&ppa; ttapke; f , ; r ; Once more a voioe that stillness broke. But it wasn't the grandmother's voice " ko"; It was quite of a aiffierent tonf. dVe know ; It seemed to thrill with a ring of pain, And this was the style of its sad refrain "Ah, Abraham; how could you go, " And treat your doting true love so ? " Through -.what Z by our folly lost, " I here do stand n wretched ghost " O, wretchodinai) jtif folks but knew -- " The' thin&Vthat;'J pouM'teU'b/ jpju - Thes/Margret too and Lisa Jane "AreJbng wrtb meTand ltellybu plain, H your ghost over finds this «pot, You'll petit laid on "pretty hot,'' " For yoa rvedthemltwo the aauiens me, Solo ok out for: squalls, old man, d'ye see.. O, wTetched,man, if folksntknew . " The things that I could taelticf you 2" Old Mrs." M'Kabbs shut her jaws lik< a trap, And then, in atone 'twixt a. eneef and a snap, Ah. ah,- -Nabbs4 " ,she said.-and -then-added, "So, so, "Why, you're fifty times- wuss nor the divflS 'r-helow. , - - >-r >' y-'fj "Die ghosts may shut -up, there's too «ail to'' proceed ; "Nabbs, I khoired there sras nlsntr b'dirt in your breed.". . .''j -: MOBiL. If you'd be blest, Gira stnrits "hest": . . ; ' i Hamilton; ' J. 1L J. S. 