A0TA POPULI. By 'l'HK ITlANBUE. Do wo sleep ? Do wo droniu P Do -vo wonder and doubt ? Are things what thoy seem, Or is visions about ? Aptee reading tho Herald's loader of Saturday last I am noxiously afraid they are ; in fact I am now proparod for any phonomeua, from the sight of a blue moon, down to tho Gight of John Daries keeping a brewery. In this leador Granny hao attackod Judge Manning with a vigour that clearly proves that the usual paroonica-1 editor was disabled at tho time, and the thunderbolts of tho Hunfcor otreet Olympuo were hurled, for pooifcively this oe ouoiou only (aa tho play bills cay) by an arm whoco muscle vms raioed by oomothing far more oubstantial than cold buna and picnic gingorbeor. Amongot advanced thinkora it is even assorted that tho aid of a tranoo medium was called in, and that tho artielo in question wiv-i dictated by tho npirib oi' either Edmund Burke, 01.' that terriblo old mayni nomims ?wn/ji'a, Mr. Juuiua. After going to all this very unuimal trouble and expense, and aftor risking tho Herald's fair fnino ao tho only autipokoyour jioeo'iuto-troiiblo journal iu Ausfcrajicj ifc is clis* heartening to find that hero and there tho writer of tho article has fjlippod upon voal faotQ. 'Sov instance, wo are told a novrnpapoi' com Mienf; 'in mippr.srri Io be libollo-au when it ia nob true ;' eryo, ii; in not libel if it in true, ,W! yefc if; uooma bul; yeo!;orday cince the GhioS Ju-tico most emphatically deekred, ' tho greater 'lie truth the greater oho libel.' When doctors iinngreo thojpatiouvhan a rick time o£ ifc ; wo, tho inhabitants of Sydney, aro thercforo bobween l,ho' a:co and the victim, na tho anciento iisetil to uay, and there in a ^capitnl opportunity now':' for i\ nocond Daniel to come to judgment. Again, tho leudev iu question aayo, a recent committee of the British ; Parliament recomr mended that some limit should bo put to libel actiono ogaind; ' newspapers. . This statement; would be intensely connolinr^tojjjouvnaliats only for ono trivial mniA.ov connected with it, vis., — it um'fc true. Tho Jo-rilish committee only opoko of criminal libels. Tnis'dy, it io quite in keeping ? with all ^ranny'o antecedents to observe how carefully she held her barque brick until tho vq;-: populi unmistakably declared how tho tido os popular feeling ran, and hov/ bravely nho then dauhed onwardu to the rescue. Wo hfi,vo aOrcquont'y read of!;fclto v/onderfui ? manner in which the '.hoathon Chinee' asanai-' kites himself to tho x-v.j3 and dress of the bar» barian iilngiioh, but did any reliable person ever s-ie a Mongolian; \TOP,rir.f;a;laiigjbL'ick hat ? Every other article, from^t'iie Princer; Alfred nno to whafc ' h lenov/n aOifchunder-and- lightning^hose, has- been carefully appropriated- by thef celestiala and woris ' ao if fco tho manner bora,' but .John evidently drav/B tho lino at opecfcacleD, r-.nd all above is oi tho otrictesb plebeian stamp. Thavci h much sound '? oonso'jn this after all, for thorefaro i'ew English men even who can wear a black e'eoye-pipo list; and run the risk of being mistaken for undertaker on tho war-path. Speaking of hafca reminds xao that a certain high and respected Civil servant hero haa a sort of mania for wearing the moat extravagant atylo of head gear that tho mind of man can v/ell imagine. Ho io also the proprietor oi' a splendid orchard, and it is hardly necessary to a ay thio orchard ia highly appreciated by all the healthy youths inthe ' neighbourhood. Between tho latter and our batty friend a deadly feud has long been carried on, and every ruse employed to score a victory. Early ono morning last week, tin's Civil servant strolled down hio orchard adorned with a hat thafc would make an ample covering for a Yankee circuo. Ten determined young pilferers were hidden in tho outside scrub as he passed, and after a care ful survey of his fantastic appearance, ono of tho melon devourers roared, ' Ifc won't do, old man. It's no use o' ycr hidin5 under that Imfc, COS we can see yer legs sliclcin' out beneath it.' With a total disregard for fche sensitive feelings of those already ontangled in tho fatal matrimonial ? nooao, tho Herald's Paris correspondent says : ' Wo have had 00 many spectacles in the way of grand weddings of late that the annual cattle show ! has hardly -met v:ith its usual success ! And then it runs ]„ the ;. sarcasm in as it were by launching out into a most extravagant pcean in honour of tho cattle, eheep, and pigs. Of course it is a little comfort for tho Herald's unfortunate married readers to know that weddings still hold their own against pig and poultry ehows ; but, nevertheless, there is little honour in defeating such unworthy enemies. Susses -street, however, ia at present in a disgracefully dirty stato, and our Paris correspondent probably wrote the above aftor muddying all hor best bulmorals. ' Walk over crossings ' is a custom already ? more honoured in the breach than the observance. Another matter for inquiry is, what vohiolea come under tho rule of the aboyo mandate, and what vehicles avo tho exceptions. ' Me Lord tho Duke ' iliea round liko a Hash of greased lightning, whilst the parcel delivery man with the variegated shirt and broken panta has to crawl along at the paco of an oyster going to its only paront'o funeral. Lest week ono of Cobb and Co.'s most careful country drivers was taking v. buggy along, and of courso willingly attempted to walk over a certain crossing. Before ho was fairly in the middlo of tho road, how ever, ho had tho shafts of a milk cart through hio starboard sido, a onfely'a through his port eidoj a phaoton cannoned up h gainst his horse, and iiual'y a foiiv- hoj-es 'bus undertook to clriro aoro5^ tho lot of them. This is just as it should be. Again, what about tho trams ? Aro thoy sup posed to walk over crossings ? If so, they don't ; ai-d if any out) disbelieves my words, lot him stand in. Iho truck and li-y ifc. Hia Gubcaquoiit remarks v/ill bo well worth noting. It is a humiliating but navertholoGn a true faofca ? - that although science has taught us how to rule - ' ? h.6 ^vaTeSj ami even rein thy lightuing'g flaabj atil} ' * ? we have no more oontrol over the weather than a healthy blackfellovr hao over his most unnatural appetite. The last wet Sunday wo had I visited tho houses of fourteen friends, and in each house I found c maid on fair V/I1030 gorgeous toilet too plainly told of blasted hopeo, and whoeo red I'ingod eyes would lend tho inexperienced to sup pose she hed juc-t boon ohelling onions. I am therefore not at all surprised on receiving the following letter : — ' Mr. Flaneur, — My ma and all us girls want to know why you don't abuse that hateful old astronomer, or Sir Henry Parlies, or Milner Stephen, or something else for not putting an immediate stop to theoe abominable annoying wet Sundays. Of couroo if you're not a fool, you must know, you hateful old tiling, that Sunday afternoon is the only time Adolplras Augustus has to spare, and it is really and positively too bad that wo can't go out for a walk together, all through this hateful, detestful, odious, abomi nable rain. Why don't you advocate a monster indignation meeting, or a Haboas Corpus, or n Cabinet Council, or some other ridiculous thing, and have it put a stop to ? My pn says, in his own vulgar malo way, it's juot about tinio eorao of us girls were going off; but, gracious me, you horrid old thing, bow can we go off if it's always too wet for anyone to come over and take 119 off ? Why can't you have sense ? All us girla believe you ridiculous newspaper creaturco could have it altered if you'd only abuse the Government,, or advocate more protection, or do some other ridiculous nonsenoe. Then why on earth don't you do it ? It never rains anywhere eloe on Sunday afternoons but in Sydney, and it's really quite disgraceful. My pa pays all the takes, and is a P. M. W. &. in the Boyne Lodge, and a S. O. T. also, and keeps a buggy, and it's too bad to treat hio daughtero in this disgraceful manner. What's the use of having an observatory, and barometers, and gasometers, and astronomers, and other thingumbobs, if we can't have any kind of vreather we like to order ? But of course you selfish men aro ell foi1 yourselves, and you don't care a bit if wo qry our heads off, so long as you can omoke, and. go to billiard saloons and Parlia ment. Of Source you don't. ' Yours distractedly, 'Angelina 1£aude. ' Venus Villa. ' P.S. — Do cay something, yolt ridiculous creature. I gave £2 9s ll£d for ti new hat three months ago and never wora it once yet through this horrid nasty, spiteia?.!, hateful, otupid rain — there now.'' J. regret fco say Angelina's trouble 10 too much for sno. Perhaps, as ohe Duggesto, tho Executive or u some other ridiculouo thing ' will worry her trouble up, end have it rectified. I have only one consolation to offer poor Angelina Maude, and that is, if she waitG till oho getG bald-headed she won't mind whether it rains or shines. It is gratifying to find that our rising young artist, Mr. Eyre, is to the front again with a portrait oil Sir 'Snry, so true to nature that one momentarily expects the canvas lips to open up and quote— ' 111 faces the laud, to hastening ills a prey,' or some other favourite poetic tag of our gifted statesman. This picture is, I believe, for salo, and anyone posseosing £60 may hang St. 'Bnry over his bed, and retire to rest comforted by the blessed thought that the eweet little cherub who guards him by day sits up aloft, and induces balmy soothing sleep by night as well. The effect of thia portrait on the cowardly minda of skirmishing mosauitoie would be tremendous also, a3 none would dare go within ton rods of it, whilst the man who affeet3 lobster salads and cucumbers about mid night would only have to cast his eyes above when his nightmare trouble was on, and, presto, tho beetling precipice over which he had just been hanging by his eyebrows would be changed to a salon in Mahomet's heaven, or thoso rosy realms of boundless beauty and bliss peculiar to Christ mas pantomimes. The rush to buy, however, is not very great juot yet, although the weather is fine ; and, more than all, it io an illegal act to raffle even a Premier. Will the Hon. tho W. &. V. T. and I.O.U., &c;, of the Good Templaro allow me to introduce him to our fair friend Mrs. Inskip ? I vrish to make theso worthy parties known to each other, becauso it seems to me that tho lady is, innocently of course, knocking a great deal of stuffing out of the ' good cause.' Mrs. Inskip is a remarkably talented, and what is still more dangerous, a re markably attractive lady ; and when she brings her forces full butt against the templars, down goes their establishment at the very first assault. I draw the above inferences from tho fact that ,one night last week Mrs. Inskip did a skip into the Ladies' United Evangelical Co., and delivered a. most telling and exhaustive discourse on tho advisability of every lady present ' Abiding in the Vine.'1 This io something very serious. I am aware that do long arc a prepossessing lady liko Mvo. Imkip confines her addresses to her own sex no very great harm can be done, because no lady ia likoly to bo very much influenced by the chat of nnothor of ouporior personal attrac tions; but the danger lies in thio: (supposing Mrs. Inskip bocomes, Alexander-like, eager for frech \- tvovldg bo conquer, and supposing 3I16 addresses herself to the sterner but moro imflammnblo sex t and advises them to ' Abide in a Brewery,' what, disastrous results at once must follow. Fellow Templars, garde vous -! Eemembor that Antony lost Egypt and his lifo for Cleopatra, that ''oevpent of old Nile'; romombor that for :i fair-haired, blue-eyed girl great Hector died, and Ilium fell ; remember that not evon Sam son's strength could withstand Belila's treacher ous smile, and then say if Mrs. Inskip is to load us on to her Vines and Breweries with out your sounding an alarm throughout, the land, giving battle to this insidious foe, and return ing, as the Spartans did of old, either on your shields (i.e., your thirty-guinea banners) ov with them. Follow Templars, I'm too dry to exhort any more at present. Be virtuous and you'll be happy. At least. so they tell mo ; — but don't take my word foi1 this. Try it. ' If there '8 'a musical critic out of work at pre sent ho will hear 'of something to his advantage by taking a, trip up Charters Towei'3 way. A notico of a recent concert held there appears in ono of tho local journals, and the writer gravely assures us ' The overture from Mosart's No. 12 ' jResnrrexit ' was played with great correctness' This tribute of praise is somewhat ' stood on its head,' however, by the following sentence, which sayo — ' The time was a trifle slow.' Wo also learn from tho same pai\ that tho bassos wore massive and fall of breadth, and colour ing, and the trefc lea well defined. From this I infer that the bassos live on the fat of the land, whilst the ladies of Charters Towers dine on tho leg o' a prawn, and a little toast water. However, it is pleasing to fiad there was no colouring about the ladies, and that beauty unadorned ia fully ap preciated at least in tho land of the ' Never Never.' As a rulo, all scientific men are humbugs to a certain extent, and some are even more so, but sooner or later their shams turn Up- and then their reputation drops &3 fiat an ft bag of wet guano. Volta, Faraday, Morse and Co. are the latest culprits bowled out, and they will probably be tried and convicted at next assizes. It appears theso misguided young men, in the hopes of get ting up a reputation and a snug business, started tho idea that they were the inventera of the electric telegraph; but according to the St. James' Gazette tho affair inxi in full swing duriug tho time of Noah. This is proved by what is going on ufc the present day. The trouble which the Gazette points to is as follows ; — ' The polarity of tho earth depends upon tho electric o;.1 licit currents of the elm, and it is highly probable that tho earth's inclination to the ecliptic is governed by its polarity. If, there fore, there wore instantly established sufficient electrical connection, by wires around the earth with the earth itself, to instantly equalize the current, and produce a complete reduction of all electrical excitement, what would bo tho effect on the polarity, and, secondly, on tho inclination fco the ecliptic ?' There would of course be a Budclon change in the polarity of the etirth, and that simply means the thermometer at the North Pole would rise to an average of 150 deg. in the shade, whilat at the equator it would fall as low as the spirit of a man who accidentally hits up against a ghost at mid night. The sudden melting of all tho Arctic ice would, of course, immediately start a big flood, and with tho exception of Professor Oavil, and family, there would be very few of us fit to ' be early at tho poll ' at the next cloc tions. This is, therefore, precisely what hap pened during the days of Noah. Telegraphic wires covered the land and telegraphic cables, filled up the sea ; cattle, flour, corn, &c.;, wero daily quoted from all parts of the globe, and lovers courted through the convenient telephone, until at last tho thing became too big for the oarth'o polarity ; the polarity bucked, up wont the poles, and away went all creation. This is the latest scientific account of the deluge, and in the interests of the community I would now call upon Mr. Molvillo to move that all tologvaph ufficea bo at once abolished, all connected therewith shot ; and then perhaps wo will receive that adjusted share of polarity which wo desorvo and for which v/e pay the highest taxes. 