THE HAWKER'S LEGACY. The sun sank down in a blood-red cloud, The cricket's cry was heard. The cackling mirth was sounding loud Of the merry laughing bird. A traveller who had lost his way, ' Of an old hut first caught sight As the last beams of the dying day Were fading into night. It was an eerie-looking place, Was that deserted hut. Of man there was no recent trace, The door would not stay shut. Through many a crack in the roof of bark You could see the starlit sky ; The wind that rose as the night got dark Had a melancholy sigh. The grass grew rank close to the door, And in the fireplace, too ; The rats had burrowed in the floor— They had nothing else to do. No flour was there for them to eat, No beef to bjte and gnaw ; It was indeed a glorious treat When they that traveller saw. He lit a fire, and boiled his quart, Then made a pot of tea ; Produced the bread and beef he'd bought : The rats crept out to see, And softly to each other said, As at hini thev did peep, ' We'll polish all that fellow's bread When he is fast asleep.' Midnight drew on ; the traveller 6lept, Nor heard the curlew's scream ; Or, If he heard ii, it but kept Time to some troubled dream. When with a sudden start he woke, Aiir*l irorft life 'hrt'i/'' a 'hiiTYin ? ' For in Jiis ribs he felt a poke ' That made him quickly jump. The fire was burning clear and bright. By his beds'de he could see A man who well might cause a fright, For a horrible form had lie. ' - A face like a festering corpse to view, No eyes the sockets within ; The teeth shone white, the lips were blue, ' The bones showed through the skin. The traveller shook with dreadful fear, When the spectre gave a shriek And said, ' Oh ! 'end attentive ear To what I'm going to speak. ' 1 was a gentle shepherd youth, This hut was -my abode. And in those .days— I speak the truth— There was traffic on this road. «' One night a travelling hawker came And asked the night to stay ; He said that Muggins was bis name, He had an empty dray. 11 But though his dray of goods was bare, Hie pockets they were full ; An empty rum-keg had he there. Which we that night did bull. 'Late in the night from talk he stopped, Some 'bacca to cut up ; A. thought came in my mind — I dropped Some strychnine in his cup. 'In awful agony he died ' Before the night had passed. He called me over to his side Just as he breathed his last. ' He spoke— bis voice was faint and weak— ' Two long— long years ago I left the banks of Campbell's Creek, A place you doubtless know. ' ' When to that spot I said farewell, My chin was smooth and bare ; Now this is what I want to tell, Since then I've grown some hair. f( ' I left a young and lovely wife — Alas* cruel fate's decree, Since 1 must pass away from life, My beard she'll never see. ' ' But I my likeness have had ta'en, In mv pocket it you'll find, My cash, and that may ease the pain And anguish of her mind. ' '.From off my beard an ample lock I beg you'll cut and send ; It will a little break the shock Of this, my sudden end. « « My cart and horses for her sell— ' Here he could scarcely speak ; He muttered something 'bout a bell, Five bob, and Campbell's Creek. « He died ? in a deep waterhole I sank him, horse and dray, And to no living mortal soul One single word did say. ♦'JBut I never gained much by the theft, For— fatal oversight ! — I drank the poisoned grog he'd left, And died the self-same night. ?? His monev and carte-de-visite You'll find beneath yon post— Oh! pray retrieve my dire deceit, Ease! ease! my wandering ghost. «'To his widow, who for him doth mourn — ' Of a sudden here he vanished, For daylight dimly 'gan to dawn, And ghosts, as usual, banished. The widow, who'd long given up hope, Had been married a good bit, Received one day an envelope That threw her in a fit. The hawker's likeness full in view ! She well might faint away. If she have husbands one or two She knows not to this day. The traveller, in a distant town, Forgot his fright and sorrows ; First knocked the hawker's money down, And then died in the ' horrois.'* ♦Sorrows and horrors is a grand rhyme. 