RECITER'S CABLEGKA MS LONDOW, December 1. The Tariff Commission in New Yo-k, in whidi several Status were represented, diMCossed the stnte of trade, and resolved to increase the protective dutii-s. . 2nd. . At-Abenleen yesterday, at a meeting representing 40,000 farmers, from ail parts of the country, resolutions were carried deriranding the introduction of extensive alterations in the land laws in order to give the farmers of Scotland greater security of tenure. Preliminary steps taken to iss-ie a new Victorian Juan of four millions shortly. The Irish National Convention at Chicago is sitting daily. Very inflam matory speeches made on the recent action of the British Government, which was vehemently denouuced ; resolutions were {«ssed advocating the complete ind«|»endence of Ireland, and the estab lishment of a National Goverrment in Dublin, based on the will of the people. The League's proclamation for the non payment of lent has been warmly ap proved. A Blue R<iok jiublished reUting h, the reneitt affairs of Afgb -nistati, con tains a letter from the Ameer to the Viceroy, and expresses a -cordial recog nition of the friendliness of the British. Be undertaken .to do nothing regarding foreign relations without the sanction of the Viceroy, he a'so pledges himself to promptly inform the Viceroy of every thing that occurs, whether favoia le to Sfefe British -or otherwise. The body of the Ifte EhH Crawford stotpn frmn the fauiily vault at Alier deeti, it ja bt'liet ed the object is to ob tain a ransom front the rc-buives 4th. The illations lietween Austria and Boumania, nwingto the dispnte respect-, sag the i>a#igBtk)ti of the Danftbe are strained. ' Diplomatic corresfondence has Item nqpealed ngtil Count Kalnoky has had «t opportunity of examining Into the question. THE depth bored by thV. diamonded rill for. ' fortnight *>" m« "43"|Mt^4inc&^( Total depth tewed, 167 feet 11 indies. THE criminal libel case, T. O'Kane defen dant, was put heard yesterday afternoon, and will be continued this morning. A report in our next. E. F. HUGHES, Surgeon-Dentist, hasarriv^ and may be consulted at Hishoh's Hotel upon ill matters appertaining to Dentistry, mdi stopped, Bcaled, and extracted, artificial teeth node in gold and vulcanite.--£a®vt.] nfiPBnj.t ffors.-graded a Price Medal and Certificate of merit, at' the Philadelphia Centennial Exhibition, 1876; also honorable mention at the Paris Exhibition of 1878, and first price (medal) at the Sydney International Exhibition, 1879-80.-Irwin Bros*. Warrilla Vineyard, Ipswich. Wje were shown a splendid specimen yerter day by Mr. J. Clark, ont of the Worcester and Victor} claim, taken from a depth of 140 feet; the reef is 4 feet wide. The gold was hanging oat of the stone in pennyweight lamps and strewn all over the atone. The specimen* were found at the north end of tiie claim, and all the ground before them-a nine acre lease-is yet to be worked.- We hope the stone will continne as the claim ha* just about paid wages for the but twelve months. PROFESSOR Psepeb% first lecture last night in the School of Ant was numerously at tended, and g»~e unqualified satisfaction. The vibratmy theory of light was illustrated in a verysimplebnt cogent manner. The same principle applied to sound was also beautifully illustrated. The views of London were .highly appreciated, and they alone are worth going to see. Hie everlasting ghost, as lively as ever, wound np the entertainment. The Pro fessor has last none of his old skill in illus trating profound scientific facts by means the most simple and intelligible. To-night there | will be an entire change, and some wonderful experiments by means of the oxy-hydrogen ; kaleidoscope will be shown. The miners will find theBe lectures well worth attending, and the Professor finds the mining class every where in Australia his most eager and atten tive listeners. The Bockhampton Bulletin the Government " family journal" condemns " aa^ust Fwed's " tinkering of the Statutes. This is what the Bulletin says.-" The Ministry made a mis take when they employed one of their own followers to do work for them, which was to be paid for Out of the pubbc purse. It was so apparent a mode of paying a supporter with fends not their own, that the Opposition were only expressing a very general feeling in declaiming against it. Ail that they have said will prove less hurtful to the Govern ment than the torn of events. Almost the t only excuse the Government had for employing Mr. F. A. Cooper the sitting member for Cook | was that be was the best man they could get to execute a piece of work that had to be done. As it turns "oat they might easily have got a better, for Mr. Cooper has done the work very carelessly. Indeed, he seems to have made a very poor job of the task assigned him. The southern. Journals have contained numerous communications pointing oat serious errors of omission, which vitiate .whole Btatutes. In consequence the issue of the revised statutes have been stopped, and there is very little if anything worth while, to show for the expen diture of upwards of £600. We are not a bit aorty the thing has tuned oat as it has, for the principle npos^rfaicfa Ministers proceeded was bad,.and the irrita' ility they manifested when questioned on the subject showed they were ill at ease regarding it. It remains to be seen now what they will have to say far them selves." 