THE NOVELIST. HELIO BA TO THE EESOUE . - - CHAPTER I.-NOT WANTED. . . " It ie tho day when sho was boru, " ' A Vitter day, that parly sank' '.- Behind, a jinrple frosty bani . . Of vapour, leaving lii^ht forlorn." IT was the last day o£ a dreary December. Th snowflakes were falling-falling thickly and cease lessly from a low canopy of dense, grey clond: Already fields and lawns and garden-paths wer smoothly and whitely covered several inches deep the high root* of the church, seen against a solem: purplish background, might have been takon fo an Alpine ridge; the windward sido of the greai square, ivied-tower was powdered all ovor, Uk the wig of a courtier of the times of the Gram Monarque-buttress, battlement, crocket, and gui goyle had each its own spotless, ever-swelliU| cushion ; and under the shadow of the hoary wall the dead lay sleeping beneath their newly-spread colourless, cold pall. Mutely the pure flakes foll on the neglectei hillock, where the paupers slept their laßt* lonj Bleep, heedless alike of penury and toil ; Bilenti; they gathered on the flowery, grassy mounds tha were duly tended by loving, reverent hands ; softl; they lay on crumbling headstones and mossy tab lets, and venerable, half-obliterated epitaphs, of i day fast fading into oblivion ; and gently they de scended on marble slab and sculptured tracery and gilt lettering-the prond In memoriam o yesterday. Heavily, too, they weighed down the drooping branches of .the graceful, birch j lovingly thej clung to the glossy leaves of the hardy evergreens weirdly they lay in masses on the gaunt arras o: sturdy oaks and " immemorial elms ;" and sof tlj they alighted on the ancient yew that overeha dowed tho lych gate. Not far from , the church was tho rectory, iti grounds on ono tide being divided from th( churchyard by a broad belt of flourishing, trin shrubbery, and ,by. an iron wicket-gate. On the other Bide wore the, undulating glebe meadows; and ; several acres of rich, ploughed laud-alsc glebe ; beyond were rising woods, full of shade and lovely greenery and song in.the sweet summertime but now all dank and, misty and 6ilent, and lost in that peculiar purplish haze which one never seee but in midwinter and when snow is in the air and on tho ground. ? Smooth- slmven lawns and well -kept slopes and flower beds were before the front windows of tho rectory; and at its sides were stretches of fair garden ground, ornamental parterra and useful kitchen plot ; and further back, verging on the meadows, a stretch of half cultivated land, commonly known äs The Wilder ness. Behind the house were kitchen, poultry and stable yards, even a small rick yard; also outhouses, sheds and styes, which proclaimed the rector to be, as rural rectors frequently are, a farmer, in a certain dignified, amateur sort of way. The rectory itself was a large and handsome house, not old enough to be antique and probably uncomfortable, not new onough to distress its restheticfowner with au air of impertinent, spick span freshness. It was evidently well kept up; tho present owner need not fear a probable "dilapidation suit" brought against his heirs, for, indeed, the Rev. Francis Carisbroke would leave his rectory , in better condition than he found iti Ho had papered and painted righteously, at proper intervals, as a life-tenant should; he had replaced certain old casements with modern plate-glass Bashes ; he had seen to the roof, and duly attended to ibo chimneys ; he had taken a pride in tho gar dens, added to the convenience of the kitchen and out- oflioes, and greatly improved the land. Lot us look at him, as he sifcain his warm, well» furnished library, his feet on a Persian carpet, his elbows resting on the littered table before him, his face wearing an odd expression of mingled anxiety and annoyance. Tho room wore an air of snugness and comfort that contrasted pleasantly with the snowy world outside; the blazing fire . was reflected in the glass doors and mahogany fronts of well-filled bookcases ; the crimson cur tains that draped tho large bay-windows were rich and ample; double doors shut out all the noise and bustlo of the house v and all around was strewn costly .objects for common use, as walnut-wood paper-racks and envelope-cases, ormolu and crystal inkstands, finely carved brackets, a timepiece in nialaohita and black marble, jewelled spill-cup3, a splendid Dresden vase, and two or three good pic tures, that " would be always worth their.money," according to exports. f The Rey-Francis Carisbroke must have been quite five-and-fitty years of age. Ho was' a tall, straight, well-knit man, not at all stout, but of un deniably fine build; bia hair, still plentiful and curly, was ot' a uniform iron groy; his eyes were dark and piercing, his features classical, but stern, and he had a way of firmly compressing his lips, whioh'gavo him anything but a prepossessing as poct. He was presumably writing his Sunday's sermons,'for his gold pen was behind hts right ear ; a sheet of .paper lay before him on tho blotter ; on one side was a large Reference Biblo,'flankcd by a small Greek Testament ; on the other a volume of Orudon's Concordance, and tho "Notes" of Borne . righteen-contury divine on the Epistles of St. Paul. Was it-thai; his ideas would not flow-that the inclement weather had frozen the genial cur rent of his thoughts P Or was it that something had occured to disturb his wonted equanimity, to destroy tho mental equilibrium so requisite to a well-studied composition, such as the Rector's ser mons always claimed to bo P He waa still frowning, and fidgeting with his . pen, now dipping it into the ink and letting it dry again, now nibbling the handle of it like a hungry mouse, when there came a gentle tap at the door, and tbpre entered a lady "of a certain age,1' very plainly dressed, and vory quioc in her movement, and BO much like the Röctor, that a stranger, see ing them together for the firBt time, would unhesi tatingly have pronounced thom to be brothor and sißter. ''Well, Jane?" And tho gold pen, !'just ro7 planished, fell upon tho opon pq.go of the daintily boimd Greek Testament. An exclamation of vex ation escaped the Rector; indeed, his tongue almost framed one naughty word, as he hastily took up a sheet of blotting-paper, applying it so unscientifically as to make matters worse instead of better. And it was not till the mischief was remedied as far as it could be; and a good deal of regret expressed, that again the words were utterëd, with the interrogative inflexion as before Weil, Jane?" "It's all over, and there's a little girl!" Bother !" exclaimed the Rector, fairly losing his temper, and feeling himself most unfairly done by. And he turned to his sister with an air of so much severity that it might havo been imagined that she was in some way responsible for the ob jectionable sex of the unluok'y infant whom nobody, not even its own father and mother, wanted. "It'B most unfortunate," resumed the rector as Miss Carisbroke made no reply, but looked a little scandalised. She wac a very prim old maid, and " bother" waa such an unecclesiastical, not to say vulgar, expletive ! And it was spoken so sav agely, that she fancied it might be taken as proxy for something worse than vulgar, and far more un ecclesiastical. " It's bad enough having to recon stitute a nursery at all I It's sufficiently annoy ing to be troubled ia this^wayiat ;our age, and after all these years I but I could have born it patiently had it been a boy I A berth can always be found for a bey; by the time he is sixteen or seventeen he can generally earn salt to his por ridge, if he is good for anything1; though neither boya nor girls are nowadays what they used to be in our time, Jane. But a girl-another girl ! a sixth daughter J As if I hadn't my quiver full twelve years ago, when that puling little Susie died." *' It seems to me that you are arraigning Provi dence/' said Miss Carisbroke quietly, "Qod sent this child to you if or good purposes, doubtless, and you are bound to give ita paternal welcome. And as for its being a girl, so much the better. Boys, as I have good reason to know, cost an immensity before they can earn even a pinoh of salt to the necessaiy porridge, about which they are, as a rule, disgustingly fastidious. Remember your own expenses.: I don't forget how Annie and I had to pinch to pay your debts at Oxford ; how we drank milk and water and weak tea, that you might give your wine-partieB ; how we walked in the mud and dust and grudged even an omnibus fare, that the bill for your hired horses should not go unpaid; how we wore common prints and cheap alpacas, that younaight always appear, morning, noon, and night, dressed as a gentleman I And we washed at home, too-and that's about the deepest depth to which a respectable family can sink-just to save-" "¡For mercy's sake, do stop, Janel It cannot possibly interest me to hear of your being ill dressed flve-and-thirty yeara ago ; and as for such vulgar details as the family-washing-" But steadily Jane pursued. " And then, when we had paid the last farthing of those horrible,' extortionate bills, Ralph began his career, and followed suit to the best of his ability; and now your own and only son seems likely to rival his father and uncle in the wild extravagance of his expenditure. Why, all your five girls put together, to say nothing of the poor little bundle of humanity upstairs, cost you less than Mr. Frank, I know." The r ector groaned ; his sister had touched upon a very sore subject. His son-his only one, as you have heard-was just then causing {him a great deal of .trouble. He was graduating at Oxford, with a view to " entering the Church;" and tho very ample allowance which his father had with some' difficulty granted him had all melted away like butter in tho sun. It had just served, in fact, for impromptu menus plaisirs-. for mere pocket-money. It had gone to pay for aundry items which could scarcely be included in " the account"-for boating expenses, college fines, tips to servants, articles of virtu, for he inherited thu artistio tastes' of his father ; so that when, after his first long vacation, he returned to his college, and found a heap of tradesmen's remem brancers on his table, there was literally nothing in the purse wherewith to meet them. And now tho imprudent young man had contrived to get into the clutches of the mon ej -lenders, and bis debts were larger and more numerous than ever. Truly, the reotor had not much to say ia answer to his sister. When she had been silent for about half a min ute, he went on, in a less imperious tono. " Well¿ it is useless to discuss that point. Boys and girls are both expensive; there is no denying it; and aa I have had a" family, and you have not, it must be conceded that I am the better judge. It all comes to this, however ; if any thing happened to me, you know Frank could turn to and get his own living somehow. Having sown hie wild oats, he would probably do very well; while tho girls would have nothing but their mother's money, and what would tho t be among five of them P-among si*, I ought to say. I forget the claims of the new arrival." " They *"ay marry ; some of them surely will." "Or they may not, There .is not aa much beauty among the lot of them as sometimes falls to the share of a single girl; they are not parti cularly clever, and they won't have much money perhaps none at all, if our income keep to the rule of Bubtraotion, and our expenses to that of multiplication. How's Louisa P" " You might have asked that question before, FranciB," replied Miss Carisbroke, in a reproving tone. " We are rather anxious about her." " Anxious ! Dear me ! I hope nothing has gone wrong," said the rector, rising to his feet. He washy no moans a devoted husband, having made what he called " a prudent marriage," in which love had no great Bhare, and expediency much ; but he was not ultogether heartless, and ho cherished a mild affection for the mother of his seven children, and earnestly hoped Bhe was in no kind of danger, i Miss Carisbroke could give him no satis ! factory information 5 Bhe only knew that the doctor and the puree woro very gravo eount$n,«jl; anees, and that Bhe herself had boon turned out' of the room, ! " I'll go and see her at onoe/' said the husbanc j Buddenly awakened to anxiety* "No, you mustn't; she is to be kept perfectl quiet; if the baby cries, it is to be taken away." j " And doesn't it cry ?" "It doesn't utter a sound. It's quite aliv< but it; lies as still and mute as a doll." " Dear me ; I hope it's not dumb !" " I hope not. Don't be alarmed. I dare Ba it will make amends presently. We shall hav plenty of opportunities of admiring the strengt of its lungs, I have no doubt. When once it be gins, it will squall night and day." " Heaven forbid!" said the rector, quite piouslj "Bub seriously, Jane, I am distressed not t , hear a good account of Louisa. I must ob tai] further particulars." I And tue sermon had no more chance for tha I day-no, nor for several days to come j for befor many hours had passed the curate had roceivei I directions to keep himself in readiness to pread I both morning and evening on tho ensuing Sun day. The unwelcome baby becamo doubly an< trebly unwelcome when it waa discovered tha I the life of the mother was in jeopardy. Mr. Carisbroke had been ono of those younj men who aro said to be " well- connected," an< who " enter the Church," or take holy orders, o: whatever you choose to call it, as a profession, an< noe at all as a vocation. He would very mucl have preferred tho army; but having distan relations from whom preferment might reason ably be expected, and no hope of military ad vancemcnt, it was decided, when he was scarcely fifteen years of age, that he Bhould be a olergy man. tío, after the usual preparation, he wai ordained a deacon, "according to the order of th< United Church of England and Ireland," and h< affirmed before God that he trusted he was " in wardly moved by the Holy Ghost" to take upor himself that office and ministration, and that h< thought he was " truly called according to th< will bf our Lord Jesus Christ and the due ordei ûf this realm to the ministry of the Church." A friend of his late father's gave him " a titi« for orders/' and he comported himself, as thif gentleman's curate, so as to gain the respect ol his superiors in office. A year elapsed, and again he was presented to the Bishop, this time ostensi bly to receive tho Holy Ghost, "for the office and work of, a priest in the Church of God." Franois Carisbroke waB by no means the Bori of person tobring disgrace "uponthe cloth;" on the contrary, ho was-in the world's estimation; at leasb-a credit to his profession. His college debts hampered him for a good while; but ho took pupils, was allowed to inhabit his incumbent's vicarage, and came in for a good many privileges, which do not generally fall to the lot bf curates, Lastly, Borne on© lef t bim a welcome lega oy, and he got free of his debts- very much to his honour -for, when every creditor was satisfied, ver j little remained of the bequest. He had more than average abilities, and he might certainly have made a figure in tho world, had he not been constitutionally indolent and far too fond of ease to push his way, even when what is called chance seemed to mak* things comparatively easy to him. But success, as regards earthly prosperity, ap pears to come to some men, whether they seek ii or not. Certainly, Mr. Carisbroke never Btrove for anything, and yet everything tumbled, as it were, into hiB Inp ! He w.13 born under a lucky star, said sonic people; he had a fairy godmother) remarked othera, ii* one piece of good fortune af tei another fell to his share. And really it did seem as if the blind goddess treated him with most ex ceptiona indulgente. Ho had a certain gift of eloquence; he was aifal-j - in his nmnners to hie inferiors; he had the credit of extensive learning; there was no slur on his character, and he was, at a young man, remarkably handsome. He had no Earticular opinions ; he had oathetio tastes, but e was not at jail Ritualistic; he belonged to no particular party, and kept himself aloof from any kind of-declaration of his principles. He read the Athanasian Creed without any scruples of conscience; but he cared nothing about tho "East ward position," or daily services, or intoning the prayers, or anything of that sort; he believed in short, well-delivered sermons, he liked a well conducted service, and he had a great idea of the respect due to his position. He soon obtained " a living " of moderate value and after a few years of placid contentment, he was, rather to his own surprise, presented . with the wealthy benefioe of Perry wood, not many miles from the fashionable town of Cotswoldbury. How it all came about he never could exactly tell ; he had certainly done nothing to deserve it, and there were others who by good rights should have been preferred beforo , him. The fact was, the nobleman in whose gift was this nice, fat, comfpitable "living," had just returned from a lengthened residence abroad, and being called suddenly to dispense his patronage, gave it to the first person who seemed eligible. He liked Mr. «jarisbroke's pleasing manners and gentlemanly appearance ; his sermons wero goodj, without rousing any unpleasant trains of thought; he had refined tastes; his views wero "sound,"-whatever that might mean-and he was generally approved by society. So .Francis Carisbroke resigned his suburban charge near London, and became a country rector and presently a rural dean, in a good neigh bourhood, where there was " excellent sport," with a substantial rectory in the best repair, a moderate amount of work, ¿61200 a year, and next to no Dissenters, He was now over thirty, and it behoved him to marry. And here again his lucky Btar was in tho ascendancy. He met with a young lady wno was the happy possessor of ¿8700 poi* annum in her own right. She was an orphan and an only child ; she had distant relations, who wero both tradespeople and Dissenters, and whom she consequently ignored. She was not pretty, and she was certainly not olever ; she played a little, she sang a little, ßho sketched a little, and sho pattered a little bad French and some worsQ Italian, as was the fashion with boarding-school misseB of that period. She had novor been in love with anybody except horaelf, but BMO soi/rned i tho idea of being/an ** old maid;" »bo waB twenty one and her own mistress, and she had always made up her mind that she would marry a olergy Í man, provided one could he found -who waa neither poor nor fond of work, and who waa Buffioieutly good«looking ! FranciB Carisbroke fulfilled all these condi tions; he was delicately advised that if he pro posed to Louisa Patterson, he would not be refused, and he began tb think he could not possibly do better: It was high timo he married, and ho had been weak enough to fall in love with a lovely girl, the sister of oue of his curates, who was of a good but extremely im poverished family. Ho was Borely tempted to take this fair young creature to his heart and home; hxib prudence forbade \ She had no for tune, and would never have any, and, really, ¿61200 a year was not so much for a married clergy man in aristocratic society-a clergyman, too, a' ways had so many claims upon his benevolence I Lily Craven had nothing but her Bweet face and her still sweeter disposition ; Louisa Patterson had an income of her own, and would pay her share of household and family expenses. Francis looked to the future, when sons and daughters might have claims upon his pocket, when increas ing years should call for increasing luxuries, and prudepice won the day. There was a short en gagement, which both parties found extremely uninteresting, and then a marriage, which was pronounced by " sooiety " at large to bo a most satisfactory alliance. Well, I cannot say it was im-sal isfactory, for neither husband nor wife demanded what tho other could not give. They never quarrelled ; on the contrary, they passed for "an attached couple." Probably they cared for each other as much as persons of their calibre could care. A. family came quickly- too quickly for a couple who professed not to like children. When a Be ven th child was born, Mr. Carisbroke thought he had his quiver quite, too full, and when the little girl died of suppressed measles, both parents were wonderfully reîigned. After baby Susie's demise, oame a quiet inter val of twelve years, dur in er which time no cradle was rocked at Perry wood Rectory. The confi dential nurse left for a home of her own, and her place was not filled up ; gradually the nursery was merged into the schoolroom; the eldest son, Frank, grew up and went to Oxford, and, as yon have heard, sowed a fine crop of wild oats without any delay. The two elder girls were supposed to be " out," though they still took occasional lessons from Miss Martin; the governess-who had under taken to educate the three younger Misses Caris-] broke. . When the youngest of all, Joan, was just turned of thirteen, people were very much mystified, by certain changes at the Rectory. The nursery was, to some extent, "reconstituted," as Mr. Carisbroke said ; and on tho last day of the year, when the snow was on the ground, and the wind was howling and wailing like a despairing ban shee, the child, whom nebody wanted, came into the world; and the wife and mother, who was in some sort wanted, went out of it. The girls in the schoolroom rat round the fire and cried, and talked in whispers about " poor . mamma." Miss Carisbroke-"Aunt Jane," hs everybody called her-took command of the nursery; and " poor papa "shut himself up in tho library, and would admit no one. The bell in the iv'ed tower began to toll, and the snow fell thicker and faster than ever, and the cold grew more and more severe. " So miserable," cried the shivering Lavinia, the eldest of the sisters. "Netta, poke the fire, dol I shouldn't wonder if that wretched little baby doesn't die of the cold !" "Serve it right for coming when it was not wanted," said Maggie, tartly. " A baby with. grown-up brothers and sisters is just absurd." : "An inconsistency, an anomaly!" assented Lavinia "Dear me, 1 hope no one will expect me, as eldest exemplary daughter, to be mother to this child ! I Bhall find quite enough to do with out interfering with the- nursery. I shall have all the duties of tho mistress of a household on my shoulders; I shall have, to order dinner, and you know how particu'arpnpa'is! He and poor m amma never fell out except it was over the menu, and the cook's deficiencies. And wo shall all have to comfort papa, you know, especially you and I, Maggie; for Netta and Brenda and Joan will,be busy with their lessons; they must take every advantage of their good fortune in having a governess like Miss Martin, at the same time so competent and so expensive." " Wc never had a governess who cost more than ,£40a-year," grumbled Maggie, who was always cross and spiteful in very bad weather. She was the second Miss Carisbroke, aged seventeen; La vinia was two years hftr senior; Frank, who was on a visit, keeping Christmas with some gay friends of his, had lately attained his majority. Nettie and Brenda wero twins, and were not quite 16, Joan was almcat thirteen and a half. Tho baby, as yet nauielcds, counted her age by hourB. Netta and Brenda both began to sob. They always did everything together, and were so much alike, that for the convenience of others they were generally dressed-like Girofle and Girofla-tho one in blue, and tho other in pink. They were like tho rest of the family, fond of their easo; and the idea of working hurd for at least a couple of years under this superior, ener getic governess, who on principle waged war on their indolent habits and inborn manner of shirk ing difficulties, distressed them exceedingly. Joan never spoko ; she sat knitting her brows, and toasting her feet on thc fender. She was tall, very tall, for ber age, and thin; consequently awk ward. The twinB were shoit and plump and fair, with largo, expressionless blue eyes and sandy hair -which was flatteringly described as " golden." They inherited their mother's charms, such as they were; she had been very much like a stumpy wax doll in the days of her youth ; of lato years the pink and white of her complexion, the light blue of her oyes, and her " golden" hair, had all assumed a dull, washed-out; appearance ; Bhe had grown extremely stout, and languid and lazy in tho extreme; the smallest exertion had come to bo a nuisance to her; sho had not oven the \- energy to amuse herself. Tho torpor of her ox iatence was a inarvol tó those who were" not ac customed to her ways, and Netta and Brenda partook largely of their mother's constitution,and ? temperament. /'Don't scowl so, Joan," said Lavinia sharply; '**ajid how you are poking; what would Miss ,'Martin say P'* .."/f.It's quite time Joan went to bed," put in , :Maggio, in her most peremptory tone. " Sha hag ugotinto shooking habits since the holidays eoni ixnenoed. Children, be off to bed immediately-^ v ail three of you ! it's past IO o'clock." .'"'.' Tile twins shfügged their shoulders and sat Jstill.' Joan got up, and without a word or glance leftjthe room. She was accustomed to be snubbed "ahd,-'isat upon" by every one in the house, and ~,she,never seemed to mind it. :...?,««.What a queer child Joan is I " said Lavinia, .when the door had closed upon her. " She hasn't shed a tear the whole evening, and I don't believe > she has SDoken one word 1 So unnatural at her age." " She has not a bit of feeling, that is what it is," retorted Maggie.. " I can't think where Bhe Rets her disposition from ; we are nene of us sulky as she is." "Do lot us have some supper," cried Brenda. "Yes) let's have some supper," responded Netta. Then .both remarked, in a sort of duet, ."that cook might warm some mince pies in the oven." (TO BB CONTINUED.) 