TALES AND SKETCHES- A Veritable tUliost Jtfory. (From tho Cliristums Number of Time.) Joseph Addison, when" tho Hight Honourable Boylo knocked at the door of tho garret in the Hoymnrkct ; tho Heir of Linuc, when tho ceiling broke 'fivar.liift thriftless linml. nnd thr ntm fnitliful friend ' loft to' him stood con fessed — where joyful men ; but never n man, in fact or fiction, was moro joyful than I, on a certain morning in the month of September, a letter was put into my linnds bearing a country post mark. London, at all times odiouB to me, is peculiarly odious in the month of Septomber. Since February I had been ciose locked in tho embraces of the ' stony-hearted stop-motlier,' and I could sec no remission of my doom. Others might repair tho wall, but 1 could abide only in my breeches ; and for the most insipid of all reasons — for the reason that there was no other plncn whereto I could betake myself. For me no door of hospitality creaked on generous hinge ; no friendly hand beckoned to me ; no voice, I could not hear, summoned me through the penny post, So in London I stayed, and cursed my fate ; for to go a-touring ns my own host was beyond tho question. A combination of untoward events bad for somo times past confined me to a simple and retired mode of life, and had, indeed, brought me into disagree able-proximity to that ' oternal want of ponce' which, if Mr. Tennyson will pormit ma to venture on n more than conjectural emendation, is by no means confined to public men, amo'ng whom I liaro no pretensions to range myself. ' Tho lotter was front my old friend and comrade of school and college, Matthew Morlcy. ' Como down,' it ran, 'as quick as' your own engage ments and the Midland counties' line will lot you. Bring everything that you have necessary for hunting, shoot ing, and fishing,' snvo horses, birds, nnd fiBhos, ivhicli I will provide. Bring your best spirits nnd your best appetite, and stay till you have oxbausted both. There is no party— only Jackey.' Was evor written or read so perfect an invi tation? My. preparations were soon made, and beforo almost I had fairly realised thy deliverance, I found myself whirling away through a sunny English land- scapn to fresli air, pleasant quarters, good company, nnd aboye, .perhaps, and beyond all, to a blessed stnto of freedom, to a Utopia where the wicked should ceaBO from troubling,, and the weary one be at rcst.for n time. My friend Mat was universally ac knowledged to be the ' best fellow out.' Whether lie truly merited this tremen dous distinction, I cannot undertake to decide; but lie certainly was a very 'good fellow.' Handsome, clever, agreeable, and sufficiently rich, ho was one of those rare and happy individuals who are equally popular with both sexes — nobody's enemy, in short, and lonst of all his own. His wife was a little, plump, sweet pnrtridgo of a woman ; not precisely pretty, but very pleasant to look upon : well read, a capi tal talker, yet witlial an excellent house keeper. They had ono child— a fat, curly-haired, blue-eyed boy, who pro mised, as his father said, to take a deal of spoiling. Altogether, they were a very charming couple, and kopt a very charming houso. Jacky merits a few words lliuii.'iib. His name was Johnson, '.but he mnufl not be confounded with rt,l.e .wuuu'.iu wearers of that vulgar jiutrory.m'in. A strange peculiarity gave Miu s .eiUAnt and a personality of his .own, rmil rULrtrt was an oxriaordinurv affection for ffrcllitu'J and nil people nn5 tilings frith, Hk> pass for a son of that auolat and ootlku- choly soil vvasiheniafitw-puuttucuiof lib heart, though he wat Jaitidb 40 (She kackhoue,'aud had never, it writ IbiiKwed set foot outside the .country xtf has HfutiU- But lie had absorbed a wast amount off reading on tbe subject, rilricfly off tliie romantic order, "Charles Le.n&r;, In particular, was the Idol of his worthily, and from hlin, and others who liter# written of the glories and the griefs <hT Erin's green Isle, he had .compounded a curious form of language -ninth lie .de livered as one, he fondly oo.ueter.uS, 4y tiic manner born. For the xsst, he aw u vulgar, kind-hearted, merry llittlle fri- low, very liberal with ids ancuity, off which be always had a plentiful- atppt)/, and a past-master In all the thorny of sport, though something less nduibsMe in practice. How thefrluudthiip tbutaveeu him and Mat ever originated twas a mystery, but firm friends they atgia, and for some years past there had exlftted « regular partnership between them in sill their sporting arrangciuente. hwuh m.tr® the friends to whom I was hound. They were waiting far ane at ffibe station where I had been hidden toribbt, Jacky, on tbe platform, fat iradleuf, and sunburned ; and outside, Mat, in the neatest of dogcarts, with a wiuUoddo'Jk- iug bay mare between the .drafts ha a mighty state of Impatience to he iidt <uf the broken-knoe'4 company la wiludh she found herself. 'Jump up my hoy 1' cried Mat 'Ollbe maro's a hit fidgety ; your things will come on In the cart is ow JaihygftWly with my new springs, Bit tight J au'J, with u tremendous hound, .off we went. As we rattled along, Mat wnMUtsfl tho plan of tho campaign. He had got tho place marvellously cheap, he asld as it was so big nobody wru.-f tiike it ' It's a trifle out of repair hut we have put as much as we want In capita order. One wing holds Jacky and tus well enough. You'll he rather hy your self, but you won't jnind that, I fcuo.w ; and old Parsons (the butlerj) is .some where in your neighbourhood, Khan for sport They hove been rattling the rubs about finely ; and tbe 4uy after 4o- murrow they draw an outlying «o>-.ir « f my own. There are partridges, I laio.w, and pheasants, 2 am told, and a (moat, supposed to contain some pike «f fabu lous age and sine, The eodk is in rare fettle, and the last hatch of Claret will make your hair curl. Parsons nays it docs his heart good to see Jacky Ainh it. There, if these delights thy award can move, come live with us, aim hemur love, till something better moves yon 5 ' Divil doubt trim i' said Jacky; and lie spoke my sentiments to a nicety, lVe had turned off the high road mow, through a pretty ivy-corcred lodge, aufl were bowling along through jith wide- stretclnng pastures, Intersected with » variety of what Jacky was pleased to call most 'gentlemanly' fences. Air- other gate, s sweep round a well-waoded litllo copse, and the house «une he .eaglA. Certainly it was n large iwdaniitnt- looking building. 'A looming hasfiun topped with fire/ it seemed, nteafictg up square and grim against the netting turn, 04 firmed three sides of » square, saitib wfog Being erovrnod at either end within turret. fa the centre a. stono p'.etuiw govs' access; to' a feng low hall, purred wfrll hl'acfc-aarf-whire marble, fu &nut; Iby a well-shaven lawn, divided iCr.vnu tfe fiehfe By ai sunken: fence, nnd itpicSrotf %ht iron) gates, of modern art-Aufrii'ct&u;', hung between pilfara of w.uwaftfe sfoneo Behind1, a. large pad- Uteky fefne-ad with) stately trees, itretofied down) tv the home of the nrigilfy pike, mow jffeamihg crimson in the sfimi western) light, ' A tihw old pface indeed/ 1 said, as I jumped dvronv It should have a his tory, Mat, amil n> ghost tooy. of Its own.' Jaoky liwhetfi at me, nodding mys- femlmuCy, and puvsingf np> his rat lips, sis (fllrtub He eouhf tc taie un fbrd on he wouiHl 'I dbivft ftwow about the history,' miwotretS Mat with a short laugh, 'but sunimwilbsweartoitheghost- But come, w# fiu»# only jnut time to> dress- Let aus shww yarn your room/ Tlivaie » merry patty sat down to .diuunr thct night Jfa/s wife seemed aieptewaiS tvsee me an washer hus- llnaril ; the cook surpassed herself, and this alhe&t; was more than all mr fancy pailufed ftt, /ac&y; mnst, I think, have li'mKuk at hast three hottles to his own shnue, 'Hhsre&iiot; n headache hi a Snjgrfiwu?,' Be deefaredl ; and I hoped for Ilu# salk, there was not. As we were separating, for the night, adtov oi prohingsd tobacco-parliament, wlliohi we Had settred' all our own .-uEiasi andl those of tho nation, and after ms Bud care&ify; corrected any possible auifiity flint might have larked In tho oihretfiy thi# applfcation of some very mmmmnrSnstalu whisky, I asked Mat wwit hn ausanthy his remark nnent the btst- ' Jfethiag/ wan the answer, with a yittvw ; at least ftfs all! d— d nonsense.' 'Bat whnt fe it that's d— d non- sauae T 1 persevcred- 'SSnv fate nonP— ' Began Jacky ; hut Mat stopped hirnu ' 1S Jaclky one# gets oni the subject of josl,Mtaikei» tile first Monday sftoretemuty, ft's some fblfy of tbe snrvavts, Tlier/s a> pretty fcitchenmaid hu ll-.-r# witlb oneoi thegrooms,and she's reported &yiar3on;»to' have seen somc- dilrng ow (Umvif something. Yon know' wlbittfllntmoaner if one servant Begins, aill the rest tkfibw like a> flock of sheep. JBwew oilf i'avsonif Took# grave of morn-. iv>gr, <W course, m I say, it's all d— d AKmsnuar ; but perhaps: i slionid have w.iir««d youi, id you) Have any particular fuwiw afloat than sort of thing/ Jtst at afll f safif ; ' on the contrary aiy libtur Sslllttw, I look on this as a. new proof of jour generosity. It is not as'euy mtuv wfuv provides a ghost for his jtmnafs. What do yon think, daefcy ? " answered thelfttle man, 'f ifsuit fcwwEat to think'of it at all, atahl Ski if there's a ghost, faith, av/hl ky hum fn> a Bed- Sen of Mat's riband, aad what Better can ye wish V Mur war nnonsweraMe, and so we event to bed, Wkt&iar; it wa the change of scene, dneraiSway mime?, the claret, or the whutlly, or alll theae causes; combined, I know mat; Bed thm I know, that I lilsptneSssp anBrekeni sfeepy 'like any cfitriittomi «M3/ tiU the sonnd of pouring water opened my eyes on the servant setting forth, for iny delectation, a mighty tab ; and that if all the gho9ts that hsnnt the limbo of departed spirits were abroad that night, at least they disturbed not me. Others, however, it seemed had been less forlnnate. Parsons' Toco wore an air of the severest gloom, as I en countered that worthy servant oil my way to the breakfast-room, and his re spectful greeting was clouded with a sense of injury. Within, I fonnd all ill at case. Jacky's appetite was almost gone — though that, to be sure, might have heen the claret ; bnt oil his mind there evidently lay a weightier burden than nil the claret that ever left the pleasant land of Franco could have im posed. Mat himself was short in speech and temper ; while something far more serious than the fall of China lmd manifestly happened to render sweet Mrs. Mnt no longer mistress of herself. xnuc cuiiiuuiiuuu guost, x urgueu men tally, for a ducat ! . It was the ghost: It had been at its tricks again, and the cook had given warning. Here was matter for sorrow indeed! The houso was largo, my nerves strong, my digestion good. All the ghosts that Mrs. Crowe ever heard of might, so far as I was concerned, have played their ghostliest on whom soever and in whatsoever fashion tlicy pleased ; but the cook must not be dis tarbed. In her all our comfort, all our happiness, onr very being, were centred. Bbe fills, she bounds, connects, and equals all!' For the first time I began to feel a real interest in the goblin. There was no disguising the fact ; the whole community was unhinged. Every one, I need scarcely sny, from the mas ter to the kitchen maid, was loud in scornfnl disbelief of all ghostly Tisitnnts, though Jocky seemed to have a lingering suspicion, that, as an Irishman, it did not behove him altogether to repudiate their existence. Despite, howcrcr, this universal scepticism, there was a sonsn- tion of uneasiness in the domestic atmosphere. Ghost or no ghost, the matter, it was generally felt, had ex ceeded the limits of a jest: The day wore somewhat wearily away. We inspected the stables, but there was no proposal to have the horses out. Wo walked down to the moat, and stared at its muddy waters, speculating bitterly on the sice of their inhabitants, bnt mada no movement'to put our specu lations to the. proof. We smoked a great deal, however, and nil drank brnndy-nnd-soda-wntor at luncheon. At dinner, as may bo guessed, we wcro less hnngiy than thirsty. The soup . was prononnccd excellent, and the claret attacked with a more then Bulgarian snvngenoss. When our hostess left the dining-room, she left us for the even- ing. oomcriimg, ii was ngrccu, must be determined about this hideous goblin that threatened to destroy our peaceful home ; and good Mrs. Mat was well aware of the importance of tobacco in masculine councils. An immediate ad journment was mado therefore to the smoking-room ; the ' materials, ' as Jockey called the whisky, were pro duced ; for in such a crisis our souls were too big for coffee, and Mat of course took the chair. I need not particulariso our delibera tions. Unlike mnny of more national import, they had a practical result, and to that result I will come. As I have said — or, as I think I have not said yet, as I will say now — a gallery ran round the house on the third nnd topmost story. Here were the rooms where the servants slept, and others long dismantled, tenanted only by spiders and mice, and furnished mostly with cobwebs. In the centre of thia galleiy, fronting a deep bay-window, a wide staircase led to the lower 6toroy. Beneath the turrets, which crowned, as I have said, either end of tho wings, a similar but smaller window admitted, through tiny diamond-shaped panes, a dim mysterious light. It was a gloomy placo — a place of all others for a ghost j and hero it was our particular goblin delighted to play its unhnllowcd pranks. Here, then, it was resolved wo should take our watch. It was from this gallery, or from its immediate neighbor hood, that the sounds arose that dis turbed the midnight slumbers of our domestics, and, as a natural consequence, poisoned the happiness of our waking hours. If the ghost, then, came of mortal mould, and proved itself, no more of phantom coinage than the Black Friar that visited Junu in the hails of Ainundcville, hero was the place whore wo should be most 'likoly to lay hands on the rash intruder. If it came from below — I allude to the lower part of the bouse, not to that nether world to which disembodied spirits nre vulgarily affiliated — it was obvious that it must pass to the scene of its opera tions by the staircase which we com manded. If in the gallery itself, or in the rooms opening on the gallery, was its lurking place, then, at any rate, we could not be mora conveniently posted to track it to its lair. It had struck eleven when Mat gave the signal for departure. Armed each of us with a stout cudgel, nnd, stepping lightly with slippered feet, wo set out for tho scene of operations. A bright moon, shining nearly at tho full in a oloudy sky, gave a fitful light to our passage. All around was nt times S os uay, out wuu an unnatural and fantastic brightness ; nnd anon some passing cloud would plunge us and everything into a gloom peopled with all manner of spectral shapes nnd shadows. Whoever hns made his way nt such an hour nnd by sucli uncertain light through on old half-empty house will understand the feelings witli which wo moved to our destined quarters. ' Foredoomed to ghosts ami phantoms. That gallant array came.' The disposition of our forces was as follows : Mat commanded in the centre, Jncky on tlio right wing, I on the loft ; there was no lack of concealment, of deep-set corners nnd umbrageous nooks, whence, like the bonutiful-browcd CEnono, we could see all, ourselves un seen. Ensconced in one of these coigns of vantage, a dusky recess nt the ex treme end of tho left wing, and com manding tho whole length of tho gallery, up to tho left of Mat's position, I watched nnd waited. How long I had kept vigil I cannot precisely say ; hut I had more than ouco caught myself noddiug painfully. If only I might have smoked I Tho smallest and mildest of cigarettes would have been invaluable ; hut Mnt had been careful to impress upon us tho fatal objection to such a course. Tobacco, somebody once said — was it not Lord Bcaconslicld? — is the tomb of Love ; according to Mat, it was also the one tomb from which all ghosts, of the kind wo expected to catch, distinctly refused to arise. Cold, cramped mid comfort- loss, I had just been awaked to nn un natural consciousness by the sudden dislocation of my neck, consequent on n nod of abnormal violonce, when there fell a sound, on what, in courtesy, I must term my listening car, which set every nerve in my liody tingling, nnd banished at once both the substance nnd the idea of sleep. It wns a strange sounu, uniiKo any x nau ever liearu, before. It wns not n cry, nor a groan, nor a sigh, hut a compound, as it were, of nil three ; n very ghostly sound indeed, anil wide awake I was, from the crown of my head to tho sole of my feet, the instant I heard it. "Whence it came I could not be cer tain, save that it was not from above or below, bnt on the level of the gallery itself ; nnd as there was nothing behind mo bnt the blnnk wall and tho bow- window, it must obviously have como from somo point between Mat's post and mine. Leaving my corner, then, I moved stealthily up to get touch, as tho soldiers sny, of tho former's left. At that moment a larger and darker cloud than usual plunged tho gallery into a deeper nnd more protracted gloom. As I passed by one of tho il'sused rooms, through the hnlf-opcn door of which the cool liight-broey.e, wafted in through n broken window, blew softly on my face, the ciy was reflected with startling and sudden distinctness, while at tho same instant something seemed to brash past iny sholdcr so close as almost to touch me. Down the gallery townrds Mat I heard a sound as of somo rapid move ment, through tho upper nir, foran oaken floor gave forth no sound of passing tread ; nnd once again, but farther this time nnd fainter, that strange ghostly wail roso and died away upon the night. I do not think — nt least I like not to think — that I was frightened ; but I set my teeth hard and took a tighter grip of my trusty stick, as, raising my voice as loud as I dared without waking tho house, I called to Mat to bo 011 liis guard, and quickened my pace up tho gallery. Once again, as I did so, I heard tlio cry of that strange swoop ing sound, that ' beat of invisible wings,! ns though somo spirit of ill — Azracl, perhaps, himself — were abroad tlint night. The next instant I wns round the corner. No sight nor sound of cither of my brothers on guard, though that cry, hnd tlicy liccu on their posts, must have reached them ns clearly ns me! Had they played me false and sneaked off to bed, leaving me and the ghost to fight it out between us ? "What should I do ? Follow their example, niul leave the foe in undisturbed possession of the field? While I pondered, much per plexed and in no swcot temper, again the cry sounded, and this time beyond all doubt, from Jacky's post on the right ; but scarcely had it died away when an other sound rose on tho nir, of a very different nnd less ghostly kind — a woman's voice, shrill and sudden ; and close on it an exclnmation, the purport of which I could not catch, but couched, unless my ears deceived me strangely, in Jncky's familiar tones. Even in tho wny of kindness, no ghost can bo per mitted to lift his hand against a woman! Off I set accordingly, burning with nil manner of valiant rosolvcs, and, turning the corner, rah full into the arms of one of the maids, a comely wench, with dis hevelled hair, far- streaming robo, and a petticoat thrown hastily over a pair of plump shoulders. 'The ghost, tho ghost! It's got Kate !' was all the girl could gasp, ns, pointing down tlio passage, she disen gaged liorsclf from my involutnry em braces, and, leaving lior upper garment in my hands ('gods and men,' sighed old Pan, ' we aro all deluded thns !'), was off like a lapwing. Strict ordors'lind heen issued that, no matter what tumult might rago without,- no servant, unless specially summoned, wns to leave his or her room that night. But this was more tliau flesh and blood could stand. Tho gallery wns filling fast with whito-robed figures and many twinkling fcot, ' With floating draperies and with dying hair, With eager eyes, and light bat hurried tread, And bosoms, arms, and ancles glancing bare.' It was useless to order them back to their rooms ; in tho presence of a ghost all men are equal. So summoning one of tho footmen, who was rather more decently clatl than the rest, and bran dishing moreover, n poker in his manly grasp, I advanced against the enemy. The two kitchenmnids were the only inhabitants of the wing over which Jncky had been set to watch. There tvero five rooms on tho right-hand side, looking from tho centre, nnd on the left six smaller rooms, scarcely mora than largo closets, which hnd never bcon inhabited within tho memory of man.. It wns in tlio two first of these fivo rooms that tho fptrla slnnf.. n. rlnnr linf.wnnn tlio fvvn nF_ fording frco communication and mutual protection. Ellen, tho fat mnid whom I had encountered, hnd vouchsafed tho in formation that the ghost hnd ' got ICato and, from certain sounds enrannting from Koto's room, it was evident at least that, ghost or 110 ghost, something hnd happened very seriously to upset that young person's equilibrium. The door was open and in I rushed, closely followed by my stalwart ally. ' What a spicctaclo of fear met my sight 1' lu tho cenlro of the room stood poor Kate in no other garment than her night- dress, and revealing in tho moon light tlint streamed in through tlio win dow rather mora of a stout nnd well- shaped person than, I trust, that usually discreet damsel was in the habit of sub mitting to male inspection ; while the same tale-tolling luminary brought into prominent roliof — 'alas, that era it should !' — tho fnmiliar form of — Jncky ! .Tacky himself, nnd nono other, standing by the bedside, and staring at ns with the most comical look of perplexity that cvor human countenance wore. The situation was embarrassing, certainly, but ghostly — no ; a mora earthly pair I new. set eyes on. The situation, I sny, was embarrassing fir all of us. Where tho douce was Mat ? was my first thought. The ser vants, of course, were all crowding into tho doorway ; tho girl was sobbing hysterically ; Jncky was pouring forth scarce loss hysterically, -a torrent of voluble, but wholly incoherent explana tions ; the men were tittering, and tho women crying ' Slramo !' A pleasant predicament truly for. a simple young man bent upon a happy peaceful holiday from all enro nnd worry ! Where tho devil was Mat ? Happily at this juncture ho appeared upon the scene, followed by Parsons, in whose rcvcrencd prosouec tlio most ques tionable transaction could not but assume an nir of respectability. Under such influenco order wns soon restored. The still sobbing Kato wns consigned to tho care of Mrs. Jones, tlio sympathetic, alboit sadly scandalised, liousekeoper, nnd the rest wcro dismissed to their ro- spcctivo rooms. In a vory few minutes the gallery had assumed its normal aspect and stilluess, and wo three were left alone. 'Jacky,' then said Mat, with somo reasonable show of temper, ' what on earth does all this moan ? What took you into tho girl's room ? nnd what the deuce have' you been up .to ? ' Suro, then,' said Jacky, scratching his head in sore perplexity, ' your last two quostions are easily answered enough. It's myself took myself into tho room ; and its nothing I've been up to at all, at all. But for what it all means, the devil a bit can I tell. I heard n mighty queer noise, a vory moral of my grandmother's banshee ; and seeing an open door, mado bold to peep in, thinking I'd bo after catching tho rascal, when out jumped n fine fat lass, with little enough on her, squeaking for all the world like a pig with its throat cut ; and seeing there was another of them, with as good a pair of lungs in full play, I stopped up to lier to quiet her, poor soul I and lot hor see I was no ghost, but as good flesh and blood as herself, and plenty of it, by the same token, it's sho that's got. An' then ye all came blundering . in ns though there was murdoring nnd all manner of villany on. And that's all I know of tho matter, Mat me boy, as I'm a living man, and a mighty thirsty 0110 too, after all this pother.' ' There, that will do,' broke in Mat, yawning portentously j ' for goodness ' sake stop that nonsense, and let's get to bed, See, liore's tho morning on us already, and we blinking hero like a nest of owls. Come along ; and, Jacky, for decency's sake, lcavo tho girls alone . till we've hnd onr sleep out.' ' My dear follow, I'm ns innocent as littlo Mat himself. More by token, I couldn't keep my eyes open too look at holy St. Bridget herself.' Dowii-stnirs accordingly wo proceeded; and aftor we had seen Jacky safo to his room, Mat accompanied mo to my own: door. As we went, I related my ex periences, and asked him if ho had heard or scon nothing. 'Yes,' was tho answor; 'I have heard a good deal, and seen — well, not so much, but quito enough. But no more of it now. You shall know every thing in good tirao ; land -when we've . all had our sleep— wliioh I, for one, want most confoundedly — and aro washed, ' and clothed, nnd in our right mind ' again, I think I can promise you a sight ot this " goblin damned." So good night, or rather, good-morning, and pleasant dreams to you.' I rolled into bed without a thought of' anything natural or super-natural, and almost before my head had touched the pillow was slcoping the sleep of the just. Far on into the day, and until the sun was high into the heavens,. I lay in a dreamless slumber; yet it seemed to me that I had scarce closed niy eyes, when a servant stood at my bedside. . 'Master's compliments, sir, and he's got tho ghost, if you'd like to see it. Ho's at breakfast now.' ' What 1' said I, rubbing my heavy oyes, and devoutly wishing master, man, and ghost ahywkare but whore they could disturb _ my rest. ' "Who's at breakfast? Your master or the ghost ?' ' Both, sir, please ; and Mr. Johnson, he's gotting up to see it too.' - ' All right,' I said, leaping on to the floor; for I felt to hesitato was to be lost. 'Toll your master I will be with him in a moment.' Tho cold water of my bath revived me, and, after a very hasty toilet, I started for the breakfast- room. On my way across the hall I was joined by Jacky, looking very sleepy nnd still more shame-faced. ' They've caught the beast,' said he, with a mighty yawn, ' and the saints be praised for it ! But why would they bo after catching him so early? Sure I haven't had as much sleep as would serve a donkey.' . Within the hreakfast-room was quite a -gathering of clans. At the head of "the table sat Mat ; tho boy, with a lialf- puzzlcd, l>alf-nnghing look in bis big blue eyes, stood at bis knee ; and over bis sholdcr leaned sweet Mrs. Mat, one glance at whoso fresh blooming face would have sent nil the ghosts that over churchyard disgorged howling back into their graves. At the other cud were -grouped the servants ; in front, the venerable Parsons, with a placid yet scornful expression, ns who should say, ' Lo, now, how small a mntter lins made tools of you all 1' In tho extreme rear, nestling close under tho wing of good Mrs. Jones, stood pretty Kate, looking terribly ashamed of herself, and blushing liko a peony ns tlio portly form of Jacky waddled through tho dorway. But tho ghost — where was the ghost 1 On Mat's hand was perched a little hook- nosed bird, with ruffled feathers -of dirty white and hungry staring eyes, ' blinking solemnly at intervals, as though unused to bear tho light of day, and straggling cvor and again with beak and- claw to frco itself from such un welcome companionship. ' Hero yon nro 1" laughed Mat, hold ing the little creature up as wo came in to the -room. The parent ghosts haTC flown, hut here's ono of the little goblins for you.' I looked nt Jackoy, and a wondrous sight lie was. His mouth and eyes -opened both to their widest stretch, as ho bent forward to cxamino the awful phantom. His jolly round face flushed red as a November sun in a fog. "With his right hand he slowly scratched his head, as though ho would scratch into his puzzled old pate tho full significance of what lie saw ; his left, plunged deep into his breeclics-pocket, rattled ner vously the contonts thereof. At Inst ho broke the silonco with ft long low whistle, and ' tlion, true oven to that supremo momont to the idol of his worship, delivered himsolf of these memorable words : \- ' May tho devil admire mo, bat it's an owl!' coxomjded. 