MELBOURNE. Friday. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) There deems to be a general consensus of opinion on both aided of the House that the long struggles for reform era nearly ended, and that we are approaching a beatific settle- msnt Tartieo are now moving towards the .subjected a truly caffijtftfmlslngapirit, andsome further, developments haVe taken plsoo to day, whidh induce the belief that after Tuesday we shall lay this tfonblous ghost, of- reform ' effectually. In fact, the only important dif ference of opinion appears to be witbrespect to the ratepayers’ roll as against the more restricted franchise, for it is pretty well under stood that the Government wilt Surrender on the Cjneoticin of allowing Councillors not in ’ .office"', to "exhaflSt their tenure. What people "really, wish they, cafi and from the- efforts to arrive at' ■ite understanding Wade tc-day it is pretty clpar.. ',^hat' : we;itiV4.thx^eff; the,,Corflet, and , gotlon'' , the, righbtra’c^'for. settlement at lest..: . The Tolite-Reward Board has concluded its ddiiptcd itr rroort; . Sir 'Chariest JlaqlliilioQ, who has bean absent from mast of the BittingSr having been present at the dne-'Whieb took place this morning, it ■ was fo'iftld, that after,the' recommen-- dations .tor reward had been added up, some slight sriacalculstioa had been made,' and' tbefofofe tbe'final'signing of the report was deferred uutil . Monday.-. The board bare throughout ■acted eteadily upon- the priooipla 'first, wid; dkttfO/ that/the rewards Bhould be . dbnfiaedto',those .afit(fally'present at. and assist-- .ing in. the capture of the gang. Even had 'Aaron Shorritt liye'd' they wonld not have felt for'a share of, : t liqEUih-toCcdy aithough -his exertions proved of -much assistanfla'to thoipaiice, add probably : helped to Cbnipel the buß.brdßjjem ' to ! break coyer'.:,Thi'Coyorhnt'enf.ofKew SoUtli,Tralee" left , tho -whoio:.idtet3ion.'So far as : affects their subsidy to the •’Sasf ia ; th«r-haridp. of, . the,, .board' ’’witbirtft l appointing any representative, and they-.have,-therefore been; ooriipelied'ito 'adheroj'ConsDißntioualy to the. intent gf.tfie eiac|,phrasin£of the .proclama-: .fidpr t pt miUHM Bpnie,»pparqnt injaetice,'and-Sen etaffi; aa - Oorratable- Faulk ener,.Whd wftre flfOSt sfsaloWS pursuit, < ;h»ve to bq ekhluddd, ’.becadap 'frotn'ibding "on other duty thay wera temporarily absent at ths time of fh6 1 'fight at Glenrowan. ' • the ' Sams' .'■ieaSmfl,. .'apparent a jnapntliiV'.,, telio .assisted (the police,fisgige, 1 ' and bush tele graphs have been-efcoluded front ; all participa tion ;' so great terrorism .existing in the district that only one claim was put in by a person of tbisolass, and that in a (signed name. Cpostabto''Sifted'.' hia. recently .subf and he will receive a good slice of the money, but the largest" amount'will be 7 paid to Mr VCurnopr; jss the board held;that. but for/Eim tne’’police* fortfe might have been dSstfpyeO^ , and‘there would have been, no fight, and'no ‘capture. 'The' other amount's o mainly 'fall to the offieere' who were presadt at the fight, in cluding,.: of course, Sub-inspector - O'Connor. : SfisiJoneaiassumed ciaicn'has.- been) -of course, ignored, and Mrs Sherritt wi)l be provided' for by-the Go~erntnent,who7l, behove, intend presenting her with the leum of. iSOO. The revenue returns will not be published untiT to-morrow, although in fhe of Jhe "'Government' printer. They snow a njpsfs/tie factory increase in nearly.all the leading items, and tbe gain : in_probate duties alone is aignifi-' caut]y indicative qf ..the, vigorous policy no A pursued in that branch of the Law Depart meat. ? 1 T T Q i \- AtWney-General/with Harriman, ihar bee a.nhseritfruEl town .fort tlio - mat two days pureuing a investigation/ of. which'Uotmpg artist'yetbe said. ’The Minister /fSmtchmaf), 'fcta. pro ceeded to, ioandhiust., It.wuuld be well to ~ warn shsphprds to .watch. their pegs .by might, : for tilo"Minister purpose;! pursuing's remark ably active policy in respeft tSth’e forfeiture" of -unworked-mining leasee. The sittings crp-thPOeneral Sessions for the , current,mouth, pera commenced to-day. His Honour Judge Coped presided, and Hr Cj A. Smyth prosecutedffor the Crown. The most ioJpoJJabe pash; ofc( the pllat w:fs that;ef ( Asher • Lamen.Samuels,, who .was chsjgqd with shoot ing wfth' 'iritenj^ : '.-Tba.pfisqner waa'committed to the General Sessions in mistake, and to day hie Honour-ieihahded him to the next sittings'- of tho Ceutral Court. A"well-known'clfaracter natffed WillianvlLane', klias .Barney Lanepwas charged, stealing ..a watch and,some jewel lery, bairns the evidence Of this principal wit •ndmeowao riof tboUght 'to pri sonar was -discharged," The other cases we to " . A dedsion'ot-Bomß interteteto publicans wds givsn, tp-day . by thß~Cpllingwood, bench cf magistrates. '*A'local liclnsed viotuflrar named Dennu Powm/wm" charged ;,qndet the fiSth aeotioa of the statute for persons to be upon hia premises. ThaaJs T showed that on tbe 19th inst. a fight two men took place in the yard of defendant? premises, and that a number of assembled to see the “mill. 1 ’ For the def™ it waa contended that the publican was any way a consenting party to the affair the bench agreeing with this contention dfr missed the charge, * ul5. Tenders were opened to-day by the offic.ri of the Railway Department for the sunolv * •eatfiage of 39,000. tons of coal, frond Ist Msv t, Sl.Bt December, 1881. The tenders were a L, native, Oathely, for the supply and deliver* «t -Newcastle; conveyance from Newcastle Cos! Cliff, ?ervia Bay, or Griffith’s Point to tya] liamstowd, Geelong, and Yarra Yarra; aod f 0 | the Bupply and delivery into the railway "trucks, Six tenders were received, hut as the iirfhdltiSnS Varied no definite snnotmesment waß made, and all the tenders were referred to the department foffep'ort. Owing toilr Slsdon** absence at. Frankston od railway btislutti, no decision was arrived at, but it is expected that the bade of the successful tenderer will in disclosed ffl-tflotrow. Three tenders nera from New South Waies firms, and the balance cattle from Melbourne houses. Only two tenders wore received for the supply of 4S seta 'of point's and crossings, ths lowest being that of Messrs Howard and Cook for £Bll IQ S ()dj A large transaction in station property recorded to-day. Messrs Ettershank, Eagle, stdhe. and Mann report having sold, on account •of Messrs Matheson and 11‘DonaId, the Kil. ferd station in the Darling district, comprising thirteen blocks of country, with purchased -land, 111,768 sheep, cattle, horses, plant, fo. to Messrs.C. F. Mackinnon and Cos. atasatii. iaotory figure, terms cash. - The Vecont torpedo disaster has Btirred the Custhtns ofiicera into activity. To-day notice was given that on and after the 2nd instant, no nitre-glycerine compounds will be received at the Saltwater River magazine, but ariaogs, . ments Would be made to store them in one of .the bay hulks. " 