NEWS AND NOTES. We learn by cable that the reinforcements for the Cape are advancing rapidly under Sir Evelyn Wood to the relief pf their comrades in the Transvaal, and are now close to the posi- tioa occupied by Sir 0, Pupjerpy-Golley. ' Tlio Dutchmen resident in America ere, it pa *am, evincing their sympathy for the Boers id a practical manner by affording them aid in men and Mr Parnell has incurred the ill will of hla couptty men by visiting Mens. Victor Hugo and Mans. Henri Rpchefort in Paris. In the British Parliament" steps Jjjiya been taken, notwithstanding the opposition shown by fife Buie and Kadical members, to prevent a recurrence of the disorderly scenes that have taken pipep .duping the present session. Russia is vigourously ppotecuting the war against the Tekke-Turcomana, aithoygii au amnesty is promised to all who send in their submission within a certain date. Amongst the schools of design which receive swayijs at the International Exhibition, the Mechanics’ School; Sydney, receives a first award. Theßalluat and Ballarat are placed in the" second order," the Clunps echoed in ths tJEurd,'and the Talbot in i&e; fourth. It would be a grea,t convenience to the (travelling public if the geode "train whiph reaches Ballarat from §tawell in the early morning bad a passenger-carriage attached to it. The train in'qnestion leaves Ballarat in the afternoon find teaches Stawell at’ J If p.m., Sphere it awaits the grriyalof the mailajirought on by the train frons'Rorsliam. J-t tjiea leaves, and reaches Ballarat between I and 4 a-m* The Horsham train brings passengers as well as mails, and many- of these are anxious to go on as far as Ballarat, but are compelled to atop a night at Stawell and come on by the morn* ingtraiq. /'At present those who 1 know the tope* an able, by telegraphing tothetrafflo muter, to obtain permiiiion to travel In the Tan, bat tbs majority of travellers do not understand that tbia is practicable, or cate to go to the trouble. By placing a passenger carriage on the<; train travellers’convenience would be thoroughly suited; and a difference of only one goodslruck 'would be caused in the train. ■ I-- ■.. message from the Education Department was received at this office yester day, stating that the Minister of Education will receive several deputations at the City Hall to-day, : '/i .The Ballarat group of tha Viotprian Muni cipal Association held an extraordinary meeting in the City Hall on Friday! In the absence of the.presidsnt, Mr Hood, the vice-president, Mr Fowler, was voted to. the chair.. . There .were about twenty-four delegates present,: and the very lengthy business-sheet before the meeting was got through with commendable despatch. The Mayor of the City; at the termination of the meeting, invited those present to his room, where a friendly glass of wine was par-' taken of. / ‘ At the meeting of delegates from the various shires uaocinted.' with the Bsllarat group of. the Municipal Association of. Victoria the fal lowing claufh, submitted for consideration by the shire of Dunmunfcle, was adapted, upon the motion of Cr Cooper (Creswick), seconded by Cr Uren (Ballarat)—“That the present basis of valuation of rateable property in shires is unjust, and that the Government be re quested to amend the Local Qovernment Act so as to base the valuation on-agricultural and pastoral lands on the natural value thereof, irrespective of impiovemenli." ' Our readers will remember the account that appeared in our 'columns about a week ago concerning a disturbance which bad occurred between Mr Farter, bootmaker, of Ballarat East, and the Duchess No. 3 Company. The following is the sequel to that episode. On Friday afternoon at about 3 o'clock Mr Lavis, legal manager of the Duchess No, $ Com pany, in company with three policemen and ,six miners, arrived , at. the disputed property, a .piece of land facing Rast, wood street, Mr Porter came out and met the party,' when a parley ensued, which not ending satisfactorily, the men commenced to knock down the fence. Whilst a miner was about half way through the fence, Ur Porter took up a piece of quartering and bit him on the head. There was a rush than made by the police, and Mr Porter retired to his house. The man, who was senseless, was picked up by the police and conveyed to Dr Jermyn, who attended to his injuries. At latest accounts be was reported to be progressing favourably. A tea meeting and concert, under the aus pices of the Prince Albert Lodge of Qood Templars, was l)|Id in the Afestern Fire Brigade Mall on Friday evening, 18 th February, and wap a remarkably successful affair. About 200 persons were regaled at tea; Mr D. M'Kenzio, the caterer, furnishing the tables in his usual style. At the concert the building was crowded. Mr J. W. V.T. Evans occupied the chair. The vocalism wee of a high order, eliciting a series of encores almost from first , to last. The following was the programme, which was carried out with but few alterations;—Programme—Overture (piano), Master L.‘ Williams; part song, “See, our ours," company; song, Miss A. Musgrove; song, "Pilgrim of love," Mr Russell; song, “ Mother's with the angels/’ Miss foal: B °Pg (coii)ic), Mr Q. Hugan; song, Wishing cap,” Mi 6B Musgrove; song, “ Down by the deep sea,” Mr T. Wright; song (comic), “ The flower girl," Miss F. Watson; double song and dance, Messrs U’Gavin and Carvosso; song (comic), “Flirting with me,” Mr- J. Weir; duet, “ Very improper,” Mr Hugan and Miss Musgrove; part song, “Hail! amilingmorn," company; gong, ‘‘ Bonnie bqy iq blue " Miss Teal; sung (comic), Mr Hugan; song, Mjas A. ; Musgrove; song', “ Down among the coals,” Mr T. Wright; song/ Miss S.'Musgrove; song (comic), “Come, EoJ)by, come,” Miss. Watson; Bong, “ When the swallows homeward fly,!’ Mr Harrison; aong, Mr Bussell; song (comic), “ Hurrah for a farmer's life," Mr John Weir; clog dance, Master J. M'Gavin. The whole concluded with the laughable farce, “ The Nigger’s Trouble:”—Landlord, Mr T. Wright; traveller, Mr J. Weir; ghost, Mr Harrison. Conductor, Mr J. Weir. The Brown Rill Mutual Improvement Association belt) its .usual weekly meeting in the ball laa£ Wednesday; Mr James, pres;- dent, in the chair. After a little business was disposed of the chairman, called l on Mr Williams for a reading on “ The Negro Question.” Mr Hosting then delivered an able and interesting lecture on “ Beyond the Grave," which was attentively listened to by a crowded audience. Several members and visitors gave recitations well and creditably, and the meeting'closed. " ” A tea and public meeting was held In thp Temperance Hall, Buuinyong, on Wednesday evening, nude'r the auspices of the Garibaldi Tent 1.9. R. ' grs \y.\yard (Eldorado),' D p.B, Hill (Brunswick), and Rey.' So.uter (Mineral Best), were present, and addressed the meet ing. A number of delegates attending the annual meeting were present, and expressed themselves pleased wilh the efforts of the Buninyong brethren to make their visit enjoy able. After an excellent repast, presided over Jjy the yoqog ladies in a credible manner, had been'consumed, Br" Milner presided' over the Ejecting, and an excellent programme was presented t.q ? I.args and appreciative audience by the chairman, Br Millner, Br King, Br J. T. Vereoo, Br Ren, and Br W, Ward. yb£es of thanks to the ladles, choir end harmoniumiat, speakers and reciters; were given, and re sponded to by Br Rev. Souter, E. Scarborough, and J- T. Verpoe. The National-Anthem brought tb'e meeting to a pl6se, TLe supporters of the local auxiliary, of the British and Foreign Bible Society will be glad to bear tbat a remittance was sent to the parent oociec; at the beginning of February of £5O, as alao 43 frog} the branch at Beaufort. The officers desire to express tbefr tfranhs to the lady collectors, through whose exertions tbs above sum was secured, also to the sub scribers whose support was so generously given. Mr and Mrs Joseph Cjart, yho paid a visit to Ballarat, intending to visit the institutions, but were unable to do so owing to the in clemency of the weather on Saturday, have with that generpsity go proverbial to the family, sent a cheque to Ifr'Q- 6. Morton for him to divide Jjs’tween ‘Hospital and Benevolent Asylum institutions, thus'displaying that mag nanimity eo appreciated by ’ the public at tbs present time, when it (s contemplated by the Government to reduce the grant jo aid. A number of persons who bad been detected by Constable Gibson were on Friday sum moped for the too frequent offence of cutting timber oh .Cro.wn lapds without a license. In each case a due “pas imposed, an additional penalty being imposed in ' thp case bf'a man named Plover, who had given tbs constable the false namo Wentworth, and caused a good deal of trouble in effecting service of the summons. A ehurp.b of England is to be erected at Broomfield.."’ v *• ■ . Mr Alexander Wilson, of Monnt Em.U, .an nounces his intention to offer himself as a can didate, for the vacancy in the Legislative Gonnpji that will shortly occur by.the resig nation of Sir gamse) Wilson, who is about to visit Europe, A young man named Patrick Hyan, a printer, was received into the Hospital on Friday suffering from an injury to his left hand. Mr Byap. who has lately been working as an agriculturist, wag engaged in oiling a threshing machine at Gordon, when bis band got untangled in the machinery, and two of his fingers were severely crushed. ' 1 Mr John Whitehead, chairman iff the Bal larat jioird of Advice No. J, has receiyed the following letter ’from the fijucatioh Depart ment;—"Sir,—l have fh.ehonour to slate for the information ofitbe above Board pf Advice, that Mr James Maconochle - has resigned bis position as correspondent and member of the board, Mr Maconocbie'e resignation has accordingly been noted in this office, and steps will be taken to fill the vacancy. Until notifi cation is received of the ■ sppciotqjypt of another correspondent, all communications on fb 8 business of the board will'be addressed to R. HijiDpEW), yro Secretary.". A fire occurred last week at the farm of Mr David Bussell, Porcupine Ridge pear Ray lug ford, by which three stacks of grain were totally destroyed. The fire is soppoaed to have been maliciously' caused by some person re siding in the neighborhood. The loss is at over £3OO, Mr Bussell, is not insured, “ . The blundering policy pursued by the Berry Ministry has placed the' municipal bodies in a Pilous fi ? -no money forthcoming, and the public ..roads going to the Jogs for want of necessary repairs. When it pleased the Vic torian premier in his wisdom to abbliah tolls, he announced, -with ■ the ■ usual flourish of trumpets, that he could find a substitute id a filontb, find an appreciative and confiding peophy whom the J»te Mr' Tiiqmas C?rjyla Would possibly designate in term B ■ more. forcible than polite, believed the story; and are deceived. Like a - great many -previous promises emanating from the Mine aource, the public now find that, like tha proverbial pie crust, it was only made to bo broken. . Many months since then have come and gone, and no substitute has yet been found, and judging from the remarks made by the Chief Secretary to a oniiitha endowmeDt question a few days aeo a solii' of the existing diffi culty. ii.as lar off as ever. '-The sitting of the Assize Court was resumed on Fridayj.atTO o'clock a.m., bis Honour, Mr Juaties Stephen; presiding. Samuel Malcolm ciarke was tried'oh a charge of larceny as a bail w and'acquitted. There was a charge of pin jury against the prisoner in connection with the preyious case, bat the Crown Prosecutor withdrew the charge, Ur Justice Stephen inti mating his approval of that course of action, sis also of the verdict given in the previous case.,. Mr Qannt/inatfubted byMr Hardy, de fended' the prisoner. Cornelius Noonan, charged with' having indecently assaulted a little girl under twelye years of. age, 'was de .fended by Mr Gaunt, instructed by Mr Sheriifd, The case was not Concluded when .the coart'adjonrned! shortly before 6 o'clock p.m. The only other csss remaining on the calendar is that at John O'Sbannassy and Qeorge Elms for conspiring to defraud,.-The court readmes its sitting this morning at half past 9 o’clock ’ A large fire occurred at tha water reserves on Friday, A large amount of grass was .burnt bn the reserve, but .the presence of the whole of the men employed by tha commission pre vented any serions damage being dune.. The paddock of Mr Frawiey, adjoining the reserve, was also on flre. At the. Qeelong municipal group meeting the questiop. of. endowment was discussed. With one exception, the proposition to reduce the Government aid was looked upon with dis favour, and-it-was - agreed to request the Government, and also Parliament, to continue the usual grant of £310,000 per annum. Our Learmbutb correspondent writes:— “Railway crossings are not always so safe as to admit of oarelessasss and purposed imper tinence to passengers. . A number have of late complained of the above with regard to the. Windermere gate, |n the, first place, the public consider that the official who opens the gate is too sluw. (a the second place, when opening ;t instead of going away be jumps on the lower bar of gate No, 2 and swings to the opposite side, preventing either horses or cattle from coming through without great risk and trouble in passing, and in the case of spirited or shying horses it is positively dangerous. It is naturally considered by those aggrieved that there ought to be something done to protect them against the vagaries of a man who baa often been remonstrated with and cautioned about bis practices.”J A special meeting of the Buninyong Board of Advice, No. I§, was held on Ericjiy morn ing, to qppoipt onp or two members of the board as a deputation, to join with other boards, to wait on the Minister of Education to urge upon him the necessity of reducing the railway fates for the school children to the Exhibition. Messrs Harris and Goode were appointed to attend at the Town Hall, Bal larat,at 11 a.m., on Saturday (this day), to meet the Minister of Education. The Welsh £isteddfod t to ha held on St! Ijavid'a Day in the Mechanics' institute, pro mises to be the best affair of the kind yet held in Ballarat, judging from the number of entries received. There are over 120 single entries, besides eight choirs, which will number more than 100. The are SO entries for the pianoforte alone. The competitors come from a' wide area of country, ‘Creswick; “Climes, Maryborough, and Beaufort all sending con tingents. Miss Alice Rees and Miss Davies are. expected to be present on the occasion, and the presence of Mr Llewellyn; the celebrated harpist, is also reckoned upon, Qur Smytbesdale correspondent writes:— 1‘ The well-known and long-established George hotel, Haddon, has changed hands lately. Mr John Fox, the proprietor of the Grand Stand flotel, near the Racecourse Pumpany, informed me a few flays ago that fle iya? the purchaser, and gave £2lO for the builfling aloqe,” The Garibaldi Taut, No. 19, of the Inde pendent Order of Becbabites held their seven teenth anniversary on Wednesday last, at the Temperance Hall, Buninyong. U hia was well attended by the members of the ordsr, as well aa a few outsiders. The tea ’ portion was very easily got through, and.was a r very sociable one. Alter tea, a public meeting was held! Mr Milner in fcbo chair. The meeting was ad* dressed by Mr King, the Bev.’Mr Suuter, and Mr Ward, D.C.B. Some very good singing, accompanied by the harmonium, was inter spersed between the speeches. The speakers were very attentively listened to. Of course the subject of their oration was teetotalism. The meeting was concluded with “ God save the Queen,” end a lew ooogratq(atpcy yotes of thanks. The annual meeting of the Protestant Mutual Benefit Society was held at the Buck's Head hotel oa Tuesday evening last; Mr B. Franklin in the chair. There was a good attendance of members, T^ lo directors' reports snfl balance-sheet (or ibg year were read and adopted. The state of the‘cider (s' as' follows; —lncome for year, £385; expenditure, £325 17a 9d; credit balance, £572 2s 7d. Liabili. ties, nil. The branch reports free from sick ness. The following were re-elected to office for the year 1881:—Mr Charles Stewart, chair man; Mr 1). A, Pittard, secretary; Mr John Griffith, treasurer; trustees, Messrs Varco, purVis, and Lumsden; directors,' 'Messrs’Sow- Goll and Paafly. ’ ’ • “ “ Four or five special trains per day (reports the M. olid J). AdverliserJ are fringing wheat from the ■ northern districts - oonsiguefl tq Geelong. The freights to Melbourne are ‘few and far.between. The. local station ie over charged, and the officials cannot get it cleared owing to the block which has occurred at Bal larat throiigh ni)mbers of loaflefl trucks ac cumulating, and an insnfficienoy 1 of vans to permit of the trains being taken on. Most of the latter vehicles are required for the excur sion traffic. The Leader, commentipg on the objections to the Reform Bill, writes; —“ Inasmuch as consevative journalism approved Mr Service’s proposal to give the franchise to the £lO rate payers, we may infer tbat the boundary line between‘have’ and ‘have not* is that which separates £lfi'from £9 19s fid. Never before in the history of the world has sixpence played so important a part.” Surely our contemporary must have forgotten, when thns writiog, the eyer memorable sixpence that lapsed' into the general revenue on occasion of the “salary graS.” • There must (the Creswick Advertiser thinks) be good land ifl tbs Qlgngbwor Estate. Mr il; H. Baird informs us that from’ofj apres lie got 50 tons of bay and 1200 bushels of oats. The latter went 80 bushels to the acre. In Portland Mr James W. Sbevill is men. tioned as a very desirable member for the JYestsrn Province, vice Sir S. Wilson, if ha pan op' induced to stand. He is largely ip. terested in property m”£jip elpetprate; 1 hpfl is a sound constitutionalist, The Bev. Father Henneberry, the celebrated temperance lecturer, daring the last two months has been tpkiog a quiet vacation in Portland, hut will commence a mission on Sunday.' n The planets Venus, Jupiter, and Saturn, nearly in a line with each other, are (saya the M.A.Mail) brilliant objects in the western Iky in the evening. Good evidencelU given of tha progress of New South Wales by the following telegram in yesterday’s Age:—" A cable telegram from London states that the New South Wales budget figures have, been well received,-and have strengthened tjw value of the deben tures of thh colony. ’ From tha latent tabular statement of exportations to the, colonies New South Wales more than doubled its imports during the decade, appearing aa the' largest Consumer of English merchandise. The export ■of wool from Hew '§onth gales' during the papt flve yeprs has' 46,000 bales; Victoria has not inpreased at all; and South Australia has increased only (Odd. ” The correspondent of’ the Cippsland Mer cury telegraphs from Melbourne:—“ Prom Berry e speech it is evident that he intends to endeavour fg nieet the conservatives in every V*y- If *s stated that il this cannot be done, he- *nll oude more lead the 1 party towarda democracy. At the ’Bathe time, all-faith ia ijieibg loflt in the political leaders od both dfl*, an£ it aeems lately that th& liberal party are to be deserted ‘ by > thfelr leaders. It ha* bean fre§ly agitated . whether ’ icwpald hot be better to start a new liberal party,• Information has been received by the Shoal haven police (we learn from a Sydney telegram that a skeleton has been found Iflog between Jervis Bay and Tamarang, on . B r ai3wood" ro jjeap F§PPor’s selection, about thirteen miles from tfowra. * ThiTskull Was broken with an axe. > The, body has been lyiyg undisturbed for three months,* The de'* ceased was young, Jbad |ight‘ half, 954 there was a bundle near containing blankets, from the sharp cuts on his boots it was ‘conjectured was a shipwright. An inquest was held on Wednesday, The evidence wowed that a fou| murder perpetrated. IS he mark was distinct. where. the s&arp; b[ade "had entered theskulh ;; There ffi a sepood Wow; with the back part of the axe, smashing the l ■kail. -The remains of the camp were visible, where ferns had been cut with a knife. A verdict of wilful murder against some person unknown was A. newspaper dated; October lay close to the The iawyera use the road near for drawing timherfor ship; ment. The police are'making enquiries; v/ attempt hi:'arrest a larrikin’ criminal named" Badger" Wall on ,Thursday, several Melbourne constables were severely maltreated;by an organised band of “larrikins.” They succeeded in capturing their prisoners.,; l According to our Ararat eontemporary, Mr J. H. Alley, P.M., will conduct the police court enquiry into the Beaufort railway accident on Thursday next. The Pattoral Tims records the death of a. centenarian named Patrick Murphy, better-, known as “ Old Paddy,” who breathed bis last in theDaniliquin Hospital oh Sunday night, at the advanced age; according to his own state ment, of lOf years, . ' As showing the impetus which the mining industry gives to the formation of suburban townships, we (Creswick Advertiser) may instance Allendale as a case in point. Only a few weeks since the new site of the Speculation hotel was a tenantless waste, but it is now thickly studded with cottages, superior in every respect to many of those which were erected at Broomfield at the outset of our mining ventures in that direction. Allandale has now four hotels, three of which are large and afford comfortable accommodation, two or three general stores, butcher's shop, &c.; Messrs McClure, Valentine, and Co. have sent the Argus sample stalks of Spanish wheat as taken from the field as grown near Stawell, which will prove a curiosity to many. On the stalk the wheat is bearded, and has all the appearance of being a stalk -of barley, The cleaned wheat is very bard and flinty, and we fear will not be much URed by our millers, and our informants do not say the production per acre. This description, however, appears to be moat valued on account of the straw, which is sold, and is much esteemed for its fattening properties. Cattle are very foud of it, and eat it in preference to anything else. The grower tqok 6 tons Iff ewt off one acre this year. VTo are informed that a sheaf of this wheat is to he sent to the Exhibition, A sudden death (the Age reports) occurred as Campbellfieid on Wednesday. Thomas Pardy, about thirty-six years of age, a farmer residing with bis mother between Moonee Ponds and Coburg, went to have a game of cricket. He bad taken the bat in bis band, and was preparing for play, when he was ob served to fall forward, as if in a fit. Ip B companions found him dead. Tfle death is eqpppjefl to bays been apoplexy and fatty degeneration of the. heart! Uneasiness continues among certain Minis terial supporters in the Assembly respecting the question of patronage. They realise (writes the Telegraph) the fact that, in the event of their political influence being ent from under their feet by Ministers transferring the patron age of their departments to tfle permanent heads, to a yery great extent their “ occupa tion's gone.” A 'deputation' of ultra-Miuis terialists has been -formed to wait upon the Premier on Tuesday next, to seek his influence in modifying the self-denying ordinance of Mr Patterson. The deputation intend, we under stand, to complain to Mr Berry of the Minister of Railways having shifted tfle responsibilities of his department on to. the shoulders of the general manager, and of having placed members in the position of having to ask- favours of a subordinate, to whom they object to' place themselves under an _ obligation. The malcontents will ha satisfied if the Premier will disavow sympathy with Mr Patterson's policy. A late.teacher in the Prince Alfred school, Talbot, writing from D.uoedin, Mew Zealand (we learn from the 2 'allot Leader) f gives a glowing account of.the State school system in that colony!. He' says;—“ We have no truant officers here, but by means pf various rewards the. attendance .is far more regular thap is ordinarily the case in Victoria, Nicely printed and framed, certificates are distributed to the children who have not been absent from school a single half day during the year, and others of a similar description to those who have not been absent more than six times.' These certi ficates—which are sufficient to cause a regular attendance—entitle the bolder to a prize, rang ing in value from (Id to 2s 6d, There ;s a great demand for male teachers, particularly Victorians; and'any" coming over who have had any training at all are sure of situations, almost 00 lauding. They must be content to begin at £l5O per annum, but promotion is rapid. Mr Pryde, the Secretary of Education, informed me chat there are many openings for teachers.”- Much has been written and said qf the rsyages of the rabbits in the mallee country, but (says Friday’s Ararat Advertiser) save by those who are residents in the locality, no idea can be formed of the destructiveness of these peats. Yesterday qn old resident of this district, who left tfl tafia up. lanfl in the Wimmefa, informed us tjiaf he put ip fifty acres of wheat last year, which 'iq November looked magnificent, but' the rabbits com menced on it, and notwithstanding that he and his wife week after week kept guard at night, and- the children in the early morning,’ only equal to twenty acres was left for the stripper, which gave about two bags to t!}fl acre. - Large numbefs of heado wire to ha seen nil over the fieldj and fhe' children gathered up some. |t is how his intention’ to close-fence hia land against tlje rabbife, anfl the ma'le'e scrub'fa bping out and the saplings split for this purpose. Ha Has, however, a Sisyphean labour before him, as he has three miles, to erect before he oan checkmate his enemies. . Mr Matthew Burnett, after re-visiting the Northern towns of South Australia, intends proceeding to Mount Qambier, and afterwards will visit Ballarat and other Victorian towns. A new way of patting an organ out of tune (the Times states) was found out in Geelong. Mr Wheatland, who every fjunday officiates or; the'organ at 'tl}a j?anwi Ohurcb, has for some tigae wondered why the instrument did not play aa harmoniously ap usual. Ha accordingly made an inspection on Thursday, and found tbat a sparrow had built her nest.on the top of one of the pipes. On further examination he found that the unfor tunate aparrow had dropped down the pipe, and lay dead at the bottom, having of coarse been unable to fly up the pipe. A gentleman to whom Mr Wheatland was narrating the incident-said the sparrow must have died of an organic disease.' ” ' ■ Mr Jamas Service, in hia capacity of chair. fDjn of tj}B directory of the golnmercial Rank,' was on Thursday presented, on thp opcaejon of hia retirement from tbat position, with an address, signed by four of the principal officers and thirty-five managers and agents in charge of branches of that institution. (Jan wp (askp tflo Melbourne correspondent pt-the jfrqrat Advertiser J attribute toPlutus (1)6 present very qJiet sfatiTof politics'! Instead of looking to salaries, &e.; to make money a large suction of the liberal party have taken to making money in mining. Some of them have been more than ordinarily enocess ful. Mr Berry is said to have made quite a pile put of the Beedy Creek mins nearKilmoro the guardian genii;? of which is Mr Hunt while Sir Bryan O'Loghlen is looked upon by some as quite a mining millionaire. In fact, mining is now engrossing general attention, and peoplp (jafs to ta|k about nothing else. Mr Betty IS understood 'tp draw £id per we'sk from mines, and other members are equally successful. I went into an E iglehawk mine a few weeks since and cleared 830 percent. In two weeks. Altogether, I think 1881 is about {o be aa great a mining year as ,1871. A special cable message in the Argus states there are suspicions of a contemplated general. rising in Ireland.' Extensive precautions are bemg made by the military and polibe authorities in order to prevent the anticipated outbreak. The Irish Land League has ex tended its field of operations’ to'Paiia. Its prb paedingß are ijifloouptenanied >y the French Government, ' J m 0, r3u * 0!ll),e ““Sega reports that the Tekko Turcoman chiefs at Merv, a Khanate in t Turkestan, twelve miles from the Moorghab tyer, Central Asia, have resolved to resist the ueilatf aggression. • Are there no more Ministerial uncles.' cousins, and aunts to ’be pfovidel 'tor ? ! ”Th'e aption of the Minister of Bailwaya in hhndinit oyer the patrpnago pf |)fa'department to'the permanent head; Sppeafa (observes” the Daily T(kgrqpfj.J to be gradually meeting wßli't'hl approval of his fellow Ministers, 'We under stand that Major Smith, the Minister of Edu-’ cation, has forwarded circulars to his colleagues of considering whato lfi% B t tha <3«“tioa of whather tpa of the mumbare of the Government should not fblJoW'tffa lekd which has been giyen them by the-Minis tar of a»y now bis energetic example will be followed by other clergymen throughout the colony, for in every town in .Victoria the same social conditions exist Instruction in religion might possibly -be found more general if the clergyman of all denominations in a town were to co-operate, for by ; dividing the labour the tax would not be sogreat upon the individual teacher,and the children in a class being. less numerous would be brought directly under the eye of the teacher, with the result that their whole atten tion would be fixed. .No doubt futlher develop ments will soon occur. Ur Tucker has (the Age states) given notice of his intention to ask the Chief Secretary whether the speech of the Commissioner of Railways at Tea on a-recent occasion may be taken aa “an indication that the . Government .favour a aystem of immigration at the expense of the’State. , “Alas I how light a cause can move” the heart of a lover. The Age reports:—" A pecu liar case came before the Botham magistrates on Thursday. :.A young man) a cripple, John Banks, waa charged with attempting suicide. The evidence ahowedthe attempt to have been made while-he was labouring under a morbid delusion. A few days'since he received an ugly cartoon as a valentine, and, imagining it to have been sent by his sweetheart, on the 16th be swallowed a dose of prussic acid, and bad to be taken to the Respite], where the stomach pump was applied with success. As. he bad not quite recovered, he was remanded I for a week for medical enquiry.” • ' To-morrow the half-yearly services will be held in the: Dawson : street - Congregational Church, The preachers, will be the pastor in the morning and 'the Bev. Wm. Henderson at night-i At St. John’s Presbyterian Church to-morrow the Rev. J, W. Inglia will preach morning and evening.. Tho City Council announce a half-holiday on Monday-next, the occasion'being the .Ballarat Regatta, At Christ Church Pro-Cathedral to-morrow the Refs. E. S. Radciiffe and G. T.'Greer-will Conduct morning and evening service respec lively. , . - Ur Peter Brown, of Melbourne, will conduct service to-morrow evening in the Disciples’ Chapel. The Rev. J, A, Stuart will to-morrow conduct services ,in :the,: Lydiard street Presbyterian Churcb. The balance-sheet of the Ballarat West Town Common appears in another column. Mr John Hickman returns thanks for the assistance rendered him on the occasion of tbs late fire. Mr Chas. Dyte also thanks his'friends for the assistance offered him on tbe same ec. casion. . ' " . . 