REL1CIGUS . SQUABBLES A HQ THE STANDARDS. to the editor 07 the leaded. Sir, — 1 hope I sliall not be deemed obirnsivo or presumptuous in adverting to the present squabble anent the resignation of tho fiov. 0. Strong and tho Presbyterian Church in Victoria and its Standards, smco so large a share of public attention is just now being occupied with it. to- gether with that of the new rcvisod version of the Scriptures. It scemB to me that the original point of disputo is being lost sight of, and a number of side issues brought forward. The original charge against that gcntlcmau was that he taught, in a certain article written by him, if not by direct language at least by implication, that tho vicarious sacrifice of Jesus Christ for the sins of mankind was a myth, if not a " delu sion- and a snare." Now, if he really did mean this, I think he ought to have said so straight out, resigned his position at onco, like an honest man, and cot have, waited to bo "persecuted" out of it. If ho disagreed with the Standards or Westminster Confession, why not say so 7 When the Nonconformists disagreed with the Thirty- nine Articles and othei impositions on the con science, they cleared out ut one- > and publicly stated thoir reasons for so doing, and the same counts was open to Mr. Strong. Hut, Sir. whilo I disagree with the course pursued by tue rev. centloman, and also with those who aro putting forward the "persecution" plea, I do not sup port, much less agree with, tho Standards of the Presbyterian Church. I hold, however, that thoso in authority in that church uto bound to protect and defend thoso Standards so long as they themselves believe in them, otherwise I should look upon them as tho veriest poltroons in existence. Who is to blame, then ? Why, the whole body of the laity, who ought to rise as one person and insist on a revision or else a total sup pression of tho Standards. Tho latter, I think, would bo the more preferable of- the two.; tben tho preacher might preach and tho people might think with freedom, not having tho terrorism of the Standards (liko 601DO ugly ghost stuck up in front of them) to putthcra in fear. It is these creeds andStandards and Confessions of Faith which have driven and are driving thousands into realms of scopticiem, secularism or open infidelity. Tho euro there fore of this onormous evil rests with tho people themselves. But with reference to the doctrine of the atonement, I am forced to the conclusion that to- eliminato it from Christianity is very much tho same as eliminating the Prince of Denmark from the tragedy of Hamlet. The whole superstructure of Christianity is based upon it remove it and tho wholo edifice crumbles to dust.' As to " tho world and all things thorein," being created " out of nothing" in tho space of six days of twenty-four hours, I find no difficulty in sa tisfying my mind on that point. Tho first verso in Gonesis seem to mo to be a simplo statement or postulate affirming a certain thing, and it matters not when " tho beginning" was, whether 40.000 or 40,000,000 of years ; but the works of God in tho " creation" are altogether another affair. I havo used the word " creation" as a quotation for tho purpose of showing that it is not incon sistent with tho Scripturo narrative of creation taking placo within " six days of twenty-four hours," Wo aro told that " God made man in his own imago, in his own lilccuess created he him ; male and female created he them." Hero tho words " made" and " created" arc evidently synonymous terms, for God "mado" man " out of the dust of the ground so that if God did create man, ho created him out of something that was already mado, and not "out o? nothing." The word " created," therefore, must bo understood in this limited sense, for then it perfectly agrees with tho statement (being Quito possible! that in "six days tho Lord mado (created) heaven and earth," and so oh, -each day having its special work carried out in it. The decalogue, or the fourth commandment, is based upon this fact, and the Sabbath orsoventh- day rest was handed down through all the Jewish generations, even to tho present day, as a stand ing memorial of that occurrence. If this w<ro not a fact, then we liavo no right to consider tho Lord tho omnipotent being we take him to ho — Yours, &c;, CHRISTIAN. luC desire to point out to the writor that Mr. Strong, neither by direct language nor by impli cation, teaches that tho sacrificoof Christ was a myth, nor docs he eliminato tho doctriuo of tho atonement from Christianity,— ed. z.j 