So she began in her own simple language. "1 was a bad girl—I know I was ; but, 0 ma'am, I should not bare been a bad girl so long if I had had a friend to help me out of it. Idid so- hate the life, and did so long to escape out of it, but I had no one to tarn to. Only I had heard tell that God would hear poor .folk speaking to Him. I couldn't pray,' but I used to say, ' O God, they tell me you hear folk that speak to you. Will you hear a poor girl speaking to you ? 0 God, send the ladies; please send the ladies.'" Alas t we were thenjtoo few to take up the district where that poor child sat in her living grave speaking to God, and no ladies ever came. At last one of our girls who had left the Home came into the same lodgings, and she ran to her and asked for the address of the Home. The girl refused to give it. " Why, have you anything againBt the Home ?" " Oh, no; the Home is nice and comfortable enough, but I want more of this life, and I don't mean to give you the address." Then she went back to her speaking to God; only she changed her prayer: " O God, send me the address of the Homeand still no answer came. At last, in despair, having no human love or comfort of ours in which to drown her sin, she flew to what is always near, and drowned her misery in drink; and staggering against some obstacle, she fell and struck her temple against the curb-stone, making a pool of blood on the pavement. A policeman, in pity, put her into a cab and sent her to the hospital, where she was put into the small ward with two beds, which, in our large County Hospital, is all we allow these poor lost children. There, of course, the chaplain came to her, and not only gave her the address of the Home, but wrote to the lady-superintendent, who, as soon as she was well enough, took her up to the Home, where her radiant face tells us that she no longer sits in darkness, but has the light of life. In conclusion, I can only say that in some unvisited den—perhaps only a few minutes' walk from our Christian Home—there may be some poor child sitting in her living grave, with her poor childish face hidden in her hands, speaking to God—"0 God, send the ladies!" Shall we let them speak to God in vain ? Will you not make up your mind to go ? And if you want courage, or inclination, or power, or love, just go to God for it—remembering that " I can't" is a lie in the lips that repeat in church, " I believe in the Holy Ghost" 