ECHOES AND RE-ECHOES. PARLIAMENTARY CHRONICLES. Ag ain the Mom takes up her lyre, and sings H er Chronicles of Parliamentary things. Last Wednesday week saw Catt respond to Bean Be sinking wells, on tracts that Ue between The inlets Fowler and Denial Bays, And so, by means artesian, water raise. " Examination will be made," says Catt, 41 Keports be furnished and eo ended that. Some slight attention motlonB hare require Jke Tennant's leave and Mr, Fe-.enm«yer. Dixson withdraws his motion that the whole Of tram and railways should have State control: And thus withdrawing what he moved of late, Behold, row plunge into a warm debate; With orat'ry impassioned, boldly say That M,P.'s should have Parliamentary pay. And sit for lucre, not for honour's cause, And salaries get, not fame, for making laws. Bail to great Dixson, hail! in him we see Stanch, sturdy advocate of £ s. d. Payment for members—salaries for MP.'s— 80 ch are hlB watchwords; and on themes like these What erst he spake the Muse attempts in rhyme, To make immortal 'gainst the shafts of Time. All countries Britain—Switzerland except, And likewise that one Italy yclept Allow their representatives a rate, And pay the men who for them legislate. Such wide example to his mind conveyed Conviction that our MP.'s should be paid. Now only Ministers are granted screws; Those not in office time and money lose; Which leads, said Dixson, 'mid some "poohs" and " pishes. To scrambles for the screw, viz., "loaves and fishes.' " Comment by neighbours on the matter trenches Rt frequent changes on our Treasury Benches." And so spake Dixson'; Fraser, In reply. Thought such conclusions were " all in my eye " " Take lessonB from those whom we used to thrash! It this is so, we'll make a pretty hash. The French and Germans may be right enough ; But as for giving us such lessons—stuff!" And now, while many wonder what he's at, Behold adjournment moved by wily Gatt. Sly puss in boots—we all may truly say; The only minister who asks for pay. A novice, he for lucre makes a bee-lint— A line which surely, like his name, is fee-line. TblB motion negatived, the Dixson spoke ; And said the House the same had tried to choke. A speech received with wonder and a stare. And cries of" Order" from the Speaker's chair. Bald be—" For screws full thousands twenty-live Could be put down, and we the cost survive; Ten times as much the present system robs The country of In Parliament'ry jobs " And once more "Order! Order!" from the Chair, Warns novice Dixson he had best beware. So he retracts, the House divides, and see The motion lost by large majority. And now behold, revealed to light of day, Ths railway policy of Premier Bray. One scheme at least receives severest shocks ; Viz., granting land In large alternate blocks To those who have the money, and incline Towards building the Port Darwin railway line. But, if by privets means it can be made, Then by the State such line can sure be laid, With bridges built to carry wider gauge Should need be felt in this advancing age. Of Area railways, Bray but little says. And seems about them rather in a baza; Gladstone and Laura are to have a line, But Port Germein for one haB still to pine. 'Twixt Border Town and Tatiara, rails Shall lie if present good Intent prevails. The rival lines, Gienelg and Holdfast Bay, Will not receive much sympathy from Bray. No favour will be shown, at anyrate, To let these quondam foes amalgamate. A single line tho', all the schemes can paint— They're bold in small things, and in large ones faint. Aid now, ye nine, the stirring things to tell On Tuesday last, that In the House befel, When Murray came, advancing in his pride, Gilbert and Furner ranged on either side. Proceeding then the ordeal oath to swear, Command to pause came from the Speaker's chair; For he who bribes with cab, or cash, or treat, ShaU not obtain a Parliament'ry seat. Murray was guilty, judges so declare, And so the Speaker would not let him swear. Straightway arose the sounds of warm debate ; Ward, Kingston, Symon, Minister of late, Hair-splittiug, quibbling, seeking for the flaws Sharp eyes have seen in our electoral laws; Wrangling o'er terms which hang on order's point, And twisting matters straight, quite out of joint. Oceans of talk, but brought conclusion lame 1 Volumes of smoke, but very little flame ! A Privilege Committee Bray requests, And gets it; here awhile the matter rests. The choice of Yatala will then be tried; Meantime the question must be laid aside, There'll be some trouble, we can bet on that, Ere this new ghost is laid, tho' that is flat. But here, again, the Muse beginB to tire, So with a sigh resigns awhile the lyre. It is related that an enthusiastic homooopathio disciple got hold of a certain great man, of a quaintly humorous practical turn, and sought to enlist his sympathies in the cause of homoeo pathy. The great man listened with flattering attention, and the advooate was delighted with bis seeming success. When he had finished, the great man said, " Do yoa know what homoeo pathy reminds me of ?" " No," said the won dering agent. "Trying to feed an elephant with a teaspoon" was the disheartening reply. From time immemorial the genus policeman seems to have been considered fair game for the ehaftB of satire, for even in the days of the old fashioned " Charlie,' as watchmen were oalled,' the mischief-loving part of the community con sidered it a rare joke to play tricks with the guardian of the night. The stories told about the confiding innocence of constables are in numerable, but here is a true one of modern date. On North-terraoe, opposite the road leading to the Exhibition, some enterprising j speculator in people's pence has ereoted an 1 enormous hoarding, upon which, in a spirit of originality, he has had painted a ladder with a man on it. represented in the aot of putting the finishing stroke to some lettering. This outdoor work of art is so well done that many people viewing it at a distance have actually been de ceived into fanoying that a real man on a genuine ladder was before them. It is related of a green bnt conscientious constable, who came on his beat late on Saturday night, that hap pening to find his way to the opposite side of North-terrace about the time the pious' folk were trooping to Church, he cast his eyes in the direotion of the hoarding, and, to his horror, saw, as he imagined, a man in his shirt sleeves perched on a ladder, and busily painting the hoarding on the Sabbath mora, in the very view of Church-going people too! Aghast with the horror of the saorilegeous act, our constable rushed across the road shout ing to the supposed man on the ladder to " come down out of that." His disgust was only equalled by his confusion when he found the thing a flat, stale, but not unprofitable picture of a man. That constable will be a corporal some day. The Adelaide Exhibition is answerable indi rectly for many evils, for it has fostered the vanity of the class of persons denominated "very amateur artists," and through the medium of its Art Gallery has brought down an avalanohe of the mediocre upon the devoted heads of the general public. The amateur artist pure and simple is to be tolerated at times, for his pro ductions are, at least, occasionally worthy of crltioism,but the "very amateur" artist is an individual who thinks he has a " call" for the easel, and under the infatuation of that unwar ranted belief, lies in wait for bazaars, where they show "works of art," prowls round for a chance to edge in one of hie awful conceptions and worae executions amongst the hardly eruder efforts of fashionable school missee aod College boys. Bnt when an Exhibition with a real Art Gallery is started, and the promoters are par ticularly obliging people, the "very amateur artist" is " very much there," as the Amerioans put it. He sends his biggest, his best, his smallest, bis worst, and in fact all his produc tions, gay with the primary colours, blushing exuberance of paint, and expects a place for them. Truly the Hanging Committee have bard * lines. Their hearts ought to be stony, and their consciences elastio to degree. For members of the Hanging Committee are but ordinary mortals,'and have friends who dabble in paint. As a rnle the very amateur artist thinks the larger bis picture is the more meritorious it must be, when in reality it only affords a wider surface for the eccentric opera tions of his paint-loaded brush. It was so at the Adelaide Exhibition. The Art Gallery was almost deluged with dismal landscapes, full of wooden cows, or impossible horses, with timber legs and beer-barrel bodies; awful portraits of very urbane gentlemen, in white shirt-fronts staring out of a square] yard of canvas, either adorned with a wooden smile or grimly gazing with lacklustre eyes upon space. And the men who produce such daubs are allowed to live— the law does not interfere with them, and they are actually permitted to flannt these irritating productions ef theirs in the faoes of quiet loving people without any attempt being made to arrest them for behaviour calculated to pro voke a breach of the peace. The experiences of an amateur cyclist on the road to knowledge of the art of riding bicycles would fill a volume, and then leave room for an appendix. Even when a man has sucoeeded in surmounting the seemingly insuperable diffi culty of getting on his steel steed, he still has the no less risky feat before him of getting off again. Certainly he has a ohoioe of methods. He can go over the handles either by running the machine into a drain or checking the wheel suddenly with the brake. But this, though expeditions, is inconvenient, becanse he can never time his descent so nioely as to depend upon lighting in a soft place, or coming unon the crown of his hat. He can run the machine against a wall and get down that way, but if he goes too close to the wall he haB to get down on the off side, and if not he barks his knees. Some bicyclists never get off at all for the first few weeks—they fall off. One can imagine a ner vous man started off on his bicyole with the foil knowledge that he is net able to dismount properly, and if he stops he falls. The wretched victim, Uazeppa-like, goes on and on, never staying his speed, but whirling perpetually for ward till exhaustion and famine do their work, and tbe skeleton falls to pieces, leaving the un tiring bicycle to wheel away its steel integu ments to the end of time. 