tfHICE council breed? BT PEUTUTBI. t Dame-street chemist and druggist a fauM Catholic—The ceremonial of the jfesB the ceremonial of Heaven—Did the Apostles err in ordaining the ceremonial of ^e Church of Gk>d P-The idea of the « dif - ferent Churohes" blasphemy as well M an insanity—Which General Council «nedf] IJJT week I introduced to esteemed readers I (^tholic chemiit and druggist, who also held a diploma from the Royal College of Surgeons, who entered private parlour, No. 3, in the (once) well-kept, well-frequented Dur- UM Hotel, in the Strand, not a mile, nor hjlf-a-mile from Charing Cross, London, j don't know whether the old Durham, irfands where it then stood. The ducal town mansion of Northumberland is gone. iThe whole bank down to Buckingham !(jate along the skirts of Scotland Yard, has been cleared, and fresh air from tbe river let in on Nelson's Monument, the National Gallery, the College of Physicians, and the fountains of Trafalgar Square. Bat the Durham Hotel was there, I assure you, on the frosty autumnal evening my ohemist and druggist came into it. If „it hadn't been there, how could he come into it, at the age of 37 years, as he informed me when presenting me with his card and invitation to visit him at No. 977 Dameitreet ? What struck me was that he should have been teached and preached to in the most Catholic country in Europe for 37 years, and never bethought him whether St. Paul could say Mass, or had said Mass, or what it was the Apostle did say when he " brake bread." Clearly my chemist and druggist had never studied the Liturgy of St. James, used at Jerusalem. There was another thing which also struck me in my chemist, and that was, that he always said " Roman Catholic " when referring to hiB co-religionists. They were always " Roman Catholics," and the Irish bishops were the " Soman Catholic" bishops, and the priests were "Roman Catholic " priests, and the " churches " were Soman Catholic chapels;'' it was all Roman Catholic with him. Now, with immoderate deference to the Government of Victoria, I don't like that Roman Catholic phraseology; but, as I have more to say about my chemist hereafter, I postpone him in order to come to Mr. Cranmer and his ideas of Synois and of Rite* and Ceremonies, which, as he tells us in Article XX., " the Church" [What Church f] hath power to ordain or decree. Now, if ever, O esteemed reader, you attended high Ifass, or Pontifical high Mass, did it ever come into your mind to ask yourself what all the embroidered vestments, and the array at the altar, and at the Pontifical seat, and the lights and incense, and the whole ceremonial meant? Did you ever think what it all was? Did you suppose it was a pageant, got up to amuse the congregation's eye, and please their fancy ? Protestants can make nothing of it. To them it is what they call "mummery." But you, O esteemed, are not a Protestant, and what is the Mass and its ceremonial to you? It is a court reception. A king holds levee. He invites his loyal subjects to come and pay him homage. And you come, and offer him something he can accept as worthy of his dignity: you offer him his own appointed sacrifice, and, with that, your prayers, your petitions, your thanksgivings. Now, on court days and at court receptions the king's officers wear their robes of office. This is the court rule. To disregard it would be an insult to the majeBty of the sovereign. And, as the clergy are God's officers, they wear their state or official robes while going through the court ceremonial and appointed service, or official duty; and the ceremonial, in its order and procedure, in some humble way resembles and corresponds with the Mass in Heaven, where the High Priest of our salvation Himself officiates, and offers His atoning merits for the living and the dead, with all the sacrifices offered daily at all the altars on earth. PRAYER NR THE CANON. ''And we most humbly beseech Thee, Almighty God, command these things [our sacrifice at the altar] to be carried by the hands of Thy Holy Angel to Thy altar on high." . . . So that, when we offer our •acrifioes at our altars here below, we are only feebly imitating-what is being done before the throne of God in Heaven j and the whole ceremonial with which we surround our offering is a copy from, and a representation of, the offering of Christ as our mediator to the Holy Trinity in the Church ia Heaven. In Pontifical High Mass, then, all we see going on at the high altar is like what they do in heaven, whither every sacrifice of ours is carried; and the vestments we use in a poor and feeble way resemble the vestments used in heaven; for our ceremonies and vestments in some way rssemblathose of the Jewish priesthood; and theyweremodelled after those of heaven. God eharged. Moses strictly to be sine and make ing to the pattern shown to him in the K«unt. "But who first sketchedthe outline of - our service? It is certain from the •iwiftnt Liturgies that, in all essentials, our altar worship has come down to us from tha Apostles. Daring the 40 days Christ was with them, St. Luke tells us He conversed %ith them' on' the tongs relating to HJs ChorA: how it was to he goterned: how it was to worship: how the Sacraments wer* to be administered: how Synods were to be summoned and celebrated: we know from St. Paul's Epistles that there was a form of divine worship established everywhere: in Greece, in Jerusalem, in Asia Minor, in Rome, and he admonishes the Catholics everywhere to adhere to that established order. St. Peter also admonishes the whole Church not to stay away from the public service, which was substantially the servioe we now have. As years rolled on, when the age of persecution by the pagan Roman emperors was past, the apostolic form was enlarged by the Popes, the outline of it " was filled in," to use a painter's words. Some prayers were added, or made more full or explicit, and nothing has ever been done by private individual or lay authority. On Mr. Cranmer's own principle, the Church, in the Apostolic times, had power or authority to decree rites and ceremonies, and she did decree, appoint, and determine them. They came down to Mr. Cranmer, and he, as apostate and perjured Archbishop of Canterbury, not only altered but wholly rejected them, and flung them aside in England, saying that " the Church," that is, the boy- king, Edward VI., instigated by the said archbishop, had authority to decree rites, meaning to put down the worship of God, established by the holy Apostles after the divine pattern, and arranged in Apostolic Synod. The new dispensation demanded new rites, new ceremonies, new festivals. There would be a new funeral service, a new baptism service, a new or Christian marriage service, new Christian passover office. The old had served their purpose, and were no longer in place. But the Christian dispensation for all ages, unto the world's end, could nerer be dispensed with or set aside, which was the very thing Mr. Cranmer, now an apostate—if not an atheist—did not care to remember. CBANMEE'S FAXSE PRETENCES. He said, with Luther, and all the German infidels who hounded Luther on, that" the Churches" had erred both in doctrine and in rites, ceremonies, worship, and lie would put " the Churches " right. He uses the very language of the sects around us to-day, who bawl out their astonishing nonsense about "different Churches." There is a lie and a blasphemy against reason and common sense in the very expression, " different Chvrches." The very conception is an unchristian insanity. Cranmer utters the Independent war-cry, mistaking " a congregation " for a Church. There may be a hundred thousand congregations, hut all having one Lord, one faith, one baptism, one altar sacrifice, one ministry, one form of worship, one head, and these 100,000 con gregations only constitute One Church As there is but one faith, there can only be one Christ, and His one Church, which He purchased with His own blood. To multiply "Churches" is to multiply Christs; and to multiply Christs would be to multiply Gods. There is one God and one Church. We read of no " different Churches" in the New Testament; and the fact of "different Churches" would be a divided house, and the half-way stage to open, avowed nihilism. This is evident from all we see and hear around us. For the sects, or so-called different Christians, cut off from the one visible Church of God on earth, are crying out lustily for the abrogation of all " Standards" of belief, and for the leaving of every one to settle bis own creed. With the doctrines of the Catholic Church these severed sects reject the ministerial vestments. So that we thus see what the reform of Mr. Cranmer means, and which he grounds on the ceremonial errors of the " Churches." To cast off the priestly dreES as worn at the altar is to cast off the doctrine which centre round the altar. The change of ritual means a change of doctrine, and this is the thing which, above all others, the Anglican Ritualists are most false in when tbey deny, as they do, their own Protestant brethren's standing accusation against them. The farther any sect departs from the principle of the CathoUc Church, the more naked does he strip himself of all Christian dogma. Cranmer was forced, by fear of resistance, to retain the Surplice in his sect; but the Nonconformists wouldn't have the ' Surplice, and separated from the Anglican mutineers rather than wear it. One of the false pretenoes by which Mr. Cranmer daringly attempts to brazen out his atheist attack on the sanctity of divine worship is, that General [meaning .Ecumenical] Councils have erred, and in error imposed a corrupt worship on Christendom. Now it is most certain, from the moral testimonv of the case, and from the inci- dental allusions made to it in the New Testament, that the public worship of the Catholic Church was constructed and established by the holy Apostles. This could not have been done without holding a General Synod of the whole Apostolic College. Did the General Council err in which the new Christian rite and form was agreed on by the Apostles? That worship was in use all over England when Cranmer became Archbishop of Canterbury by a fl agrant perj ury. He never showed, or attempted to ahow, in his XIX., XX., and XXI. Articles, in what respect that worship was erroneous. He simply contents himself with sayingthat .ffloumenioal CotuieilsJiad erred, as if his word was proof. The Council which first regulated the worahip of the Gatholio Church was a Council of the Apostles. Did they err f IStaiiY Coturona OF THE CBOTCH. Bishop Hefelfi enters into a very careful Inquiry into the number and the causes of those Councils of the Church wbiohtook lace in the seoond and third oentnries. ave no aooount of more than one Council We E Aots xv. In the second oentury Montana disturbed the peace of the Church by teaching that Christians, who had become heretics, should be baptized over again if they repented and came back to the true faith. This dispute continued until the PopeB finally decided it. The modem Anabaptist sect, who call themselves Baptists, would teem to be a near approach to this heresy of the second century, for they rebaptice all who join them from other sects who praotice the rite of baptism. This re-baptism question cauied a long and angry contention in Africa, and led to many Synods, none of which were General Synods. Then there were many Synods about tha keeping of Easter, which dispute was settled at the 1st ^Ecumenical Council. There wai the Synod of Cirta, and Carthage, and Iconium, and Ancyra, and Aries, and Neo Ctesarea, and Antiocb, and Elvira, and of Narbonne, and many others, convened to express the Catholic sentiment on various matters affecting the Church's interests and beliefs, and all previous to the 1st Synod at Nicea, 325. In which of these Synods errors were committed, Mr. Cranmer saith not. At length came the 1st JJcumenical Synod of Nieea, A.D. 325. This 1st General Synod or Council decided against those who reproached the Church with teaching that there were 3 Gods, and drew up a symbol or creed, called the Creed of Nices, that there was only one God. Was this an error ? Then this Council decided against Arius, a parish priest of Alexandria, that the Logos, or Son of God, waB of the same substance as the Father, and equal to the Father in essential divinity. Was this an error ? Was it false to teach that Christ was the true God f Then the Council of Nicea decided against the practice of some Catholics who kept Easter on the 14th of March, which was the day of the Jewish Passover, and that all Christians should keep Easter day on the same day. How was this an error? 318 bishops assembled, and the votes were 311 against 7. Then the 2nd General Council at Constantinople, exactly 1500 years ago, condemned Mrtcedonius, a heretic, who affirmed that the Holy Ghost was not God nor one of the persons of the Trinity. Was it an error for this Council to declare that the Holy Ghost was God? This Synod also condemned Apollinaris, who said that Christ had not a human soul, thus destroying the proper humanity of Christ. Was it an error to maintain the true and perfect humanity of our Lord as the Son of Man, and thus protect the Atonement. The 2nd General Council also condemned Eunomius, who denied the divinity of the Son and of the Holy Ghost. Was it an error to condemn Eunomius? The Council also declared that there was but one Christian baptism of regeneration, and only one Catholic and" Apostolic Church. Did the Church' err in so declaring ? If she did, she erred with the " Bible," which declares the same truth. If there be only one baptism, all must be baptized into one and the same name, of God the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, and form one Church. Was this an error? If so, St. Paul was in error. The 3rd General Council at Ephesus, 431 condemned Nestorius, Patriarchy of Con stantinople, who taught that in Christ were two distinct persons, and that the person of man only was born of the Virgin Mary, thus destroying the proper divinity of Christ, as Apollinaris had destroyed the proper humanity. Was the Church in error for thus upholding the divinity of Christ? You see, O esteemed reader, what questions Mr. Cranmer would have to answer about erring Councils if he were now in this colder world. The 4th General Council, of 300 bishops, assembled at Chalcedon to consider the doctrine of Eutyches, Abbot of Men€, near Constantinople. He wrote a reply to Nestorius, in which he ran into an opposite heresy, and maintained that in Christ there was but one nature, formed by the blending together of the divine and human. The doctrine of Eutyches, equally with that of Nestorius, subverted the Incarnation and nullified the Atonement. Did the Church err in condemning Eutyches, who said there was only one nature m Christ when He united in Himself both the divine nature and the human nature ? The next General Council oondemned Theodoret of Mopsuesta, Ibos of Edessa, and some opinions of Origen, which were said to favour the doctrine of the Nicolaitans, which St. John informs us, in the Apocalypse, "God hated" (chap, ii, verse 6). Was it an error for the Church to condemn what God hated? , The 3rd Council of Constantinople condemned the heretics called the Monothehtes, or those who believed that there was only one will in Christ As this doctrine, like that of Nestorius and Eutyches, denied the perfection of Christ's human soul, and thereby destroyed the humanity of our Lord, the Church placed her brand upon it, and in «o doing Mr. Cranmer would have us believe , h Th7 6 7th General Couneil, gathered at Nicea in Bithynia, condemned the Mahommedan doctrine adopted by the Iconoclasts or image break.™, of the East The Church condemned these Puritans, who would hav. ibroken the imagwof the Cherubim on the Mercy Seat, or lid ofthe in which 'was contained the two tables of the Law of Moses, which images God commanded to jbe made. It could not be an error to, jeondenw those who condemned the work ^The^8th General Council, or '4t> at -Constantinople, was summoned to pottos, 'Patriarch of Constantinople, who taiWW ewt the Holy Ghoit proceeded only 1 from Father and not from the Father and this Soni Was it an error on the part of this General Council to condemn and expel Fhotius from his' See for. denying the tTue faith respecting the Procession of the Holy Ghost 1 The 9th General Council, held in the Later&n; Church, near tbe Gate of St. Joh* the Evangelist, at Rome, consisted of nearly 1000 biihopi and theologians, ™ convoked to give peace to the Christian Church aftor a long and harassing strife of 70 years, carried on by the German Emperors against the rights "of the Church in reference to Investitures. Cajsar strove to subjugate Christ by disposing of all the higher benefices, selling them to the highest bidder, holding them in their own hands for years, and appropriating the incomes to their own use. William Rufus, of England, had as many as 8 bishoprics in his own hands, some of them for years, and seized the incomes. Was it an error for this Council to put a stop to such profligate simony ? It will be seen that, in condemning false dootrines and censuring false teachers, the Church was constrained to act, forced to act, and to define the true doctrines in General Councils. The Church has been put on the defensive by the refractory and rebellious doings of some of her own members, kings, barons, emperors, among others. To conservo, to defend, to protect, to perpetuate the faith, the Church must speak and condemn all who would wrest or falsify the language in which she confesses that faith. She must define her standard statements, or dogmas, which are simply the divine truths God has sent her to proolaim to all nations. If kings, by violence, lay hold of her schools, seminaries, convents, and bishoprics, and sell church livings to robber lords, she must resist such violence as far and as long as she can: the rest wholly with the aggressors: not on her. Following what she knows to be the mind of God, she arrays her clergy in rich robes of silk and fine linen, bedecked with gold and silver braiding. In doing so, she honours God, and pays Him reverence as her King, ever present to receive this her loving, her adoring veneration. The Church of God is well aware that heresy hates all ritual splendour, and that, under pretence that God is a spirit and only regards the worship of man's spirit, heresy covertly denies God's presence in His own world, and that the children of heresy are the seed of atheism. And so she calls her synods ./Ecumenical, which truly represent the whole congregation of the faithful, and "in the Holy Ghost" and His illuminating grace. And whether for Christian doctrine to be taught, or for Christian morality to be practised, or for solemn worship to be offered to the King Eternal, she speaks, by her Head, with an infallible certainty, which is at once the consolation, the safety, and the glory of her children. May 17. 1881. 