THE NOVELIST. WA! MURDER ? ? ? claim wMfga ^fbment jgpt .wi rest cofjmllyJi|pFeed, «8 seeinfethat the diaMa^nqjR^d not remain in a position to dofurther injdiy, Hartley reluctantly withdrew, "tftie lnadent 'showed me how thoroughly , ^Mcraprious -were my com rtmnnffc fljjt fiTf a^mBtancra ^ar^to * r wqrrt passions, or werethe ch ra lo detnand t riesorttd i .. j ' OurtSldtt^'l^iso wdl laid that we were ouur ,-VWAJ in thewoods , ere ,-aqy $n<^u«arin codd W raised at the settlement, .^fbfjtte present we be lieved ourselves secure. Hartley's DESFMWFIPS to plunge deeply into the fore^ll^^f^uing a detour, arrive ultimatel^d'the "coast, to be able to leave which he#aid l>e had great hopes. Oar first diffijapdn^^ ia: the matter of provision^for anraMgh ourleader, with a certain*=«HHribl«'t'lBSphemy, -spoke of Providence, we little knew just then what bidden in the words " providing us withstoodunless we obtained these, and sp&dfty;, oar chances of success were bighlyproblematical. la order to do so, our first steps were to find a hut which ^pe of qurgom; knew to be somewhere in the neigl _ hood, and inhabited, as he mtd, by one who could be depended upon. 1, however, that tbe well „ w Bn of \tliie retrent hnd jnone the way of ail flesh, leaving his domicile to another. The discovery of the fact ^ no mtuM pleasant The aew inmate, a , Scotch shepherd, seemed as villainous a specimen of humanity as "wish fo set eyes open. Neverthe less, "needs must, and we resolved to risk the chance of a betrayal. We stayed here some weeks, our reason being that our entertainer repeatedly came home from reconnoitering expeditions to tell us the road was not clear. For a time we attributed this over-carefalness to a desire otairis part t» magnify our danger, as making the reward promised all the greater. After a while, however, the ex cesnve cautiousness began to awaken suspicion. There were several circum stances which also tended to increase this feeling. Pie did man had ; Btedfastly dedsra himsefr fo be alone, Iral one or two articles of clothing scattered about the hut were evidently those of a boy, or of a man of far less dimensions than those of our host Then, again, he ire quently seemed to contradict his own statements when questioned closely; and lastly when we first arrived he excused himself from presenting us with spirits on the ground ' that iu® ' supply bad been exhausted ; but we had not been with him more than a week when he seemed to have met with a whole keg of extra strong Tyhiskey almost miraculously. Of course all these things were explained away, but Hartley, ever on the alert,/suggested that for the future the old man should be regularly watched and guarded. There was a large cave at about a quarter of a mile distance. The existence of this had been known all along to the one of our party who up to this moment had acted as guide. For convenience and con ceslment in case of need, we had regu larly adjourned to this hiding- place eveiy night Hartley now suggested that one of us, at least, should remain ever in the hut, for the purpose above mentioned. o s Upon one occasion, whilst this duty had devolved upon myself, I noticed the halfobliterated words, John Selby, Esq. written -on the lid of a packing case. It happened that the guardian of Ellen, other than Mrs. Walsingham, was simi larly named. The circumstance awakened no very pleasant reminiscences. Almost mechanically I asked of the hut-keeper whether he knew Mr. Selby—for I discovered the hut to be in reality an outstation belonging to that gentleman—was any relation to the Kentish family of the same name. " Mr. Selby is £ra Kent himsel, I ken," said my interlocutor. "He must be an old colonic, then," I suggested. " I never heard of any one of that family emigrating in my time." "Ye're veiy far wrang in the matter o' that; he's just a new ane altogether." "Indeed! Do you know from what part of the country?" my heart beating wildly as I put the question. " If I ken right, I think it's and the speaker named my native place. " Why, what could have induced him to leave home?" I half mused, half uttered. " He had one of the best practices of a country lawyer for miles round." " Well, ye see, if I dinna mistake, the inducement seemed to be a lady." Sad as my reflections were just then, I almost laughed at the idea of the old lawyer of sixty-five starting off on a wild goose chase, half rouad the world, in consequence of a love affair. " Oh 1" exclaimed my companion, reading my thoughts, "it's no any concern of hie ain. Ye see the old man was just guardian to a young lassie " The speaker paused, and, rising, went to the door and listened. A strange, indefinable impression seemed completely to overpower me. A presentiment of evil, a dim forecast of better things, a wild dream of fear mingled with hope, and I sat rooted to my seat, impa- tient to know the rest "This young person, ye see, had fallen into some trouble about a laddie who somehow or another had got lagged, and ,' Once more the story was broken off, and this time the narrator, spite of my impatience, opened the door, and looked out. " Well, go on, for God's sake," I said, as he sat down again. ." I dinna ken why ye're so impatient, mon. With the rope round your neck, and round mine too, for that matter, it behoveB one to be owre watchful tonight." "But the lady?" " Oh ? aye. You are mighty ready to listen to your love sangs, and your tales of your betters galivanting and murdering, like other folks ; but " " In the name of heaven, tell me, if you know!—this lady, what became of her?" " Well, she just persuaded the old man to leave his home, and come out here." " In hopes that he might assist me," I thought. " Oh 1 generous girl, how could I distrust you ? " So he, you see, with one foot in the grave a'inoBt, started for this part of the world to try his fortune, or to lose it, most like ; for this station which he bought is paying but badly; but when a woman persuades it's muckle hard to 8av her nay." " Bat how could a woman persuade him to a purchase of this particular station whilst she remained in England ?" " Remain, man; she just came out with him, in hopes of being near the man she loved." In my wildest anticipations I had not hoped for this. *' And she! where is she now ? Tell me only that; lead me to her, and I promise you any reward you please to name." Weel, weel, to tell you where is just DO sae muckle hard, but to lead you there ;ht be owre difpul t>as you^find your- | J Tb^ door.opened with a bang, and Jroshed^-. - B Ml ^ir ®e I ^ B n ^ J ' r f ^ ^ S t ^ ^ ! " A W t ^ S L ^ ^ n n ^ ^ n l Z e*Iing theintetruphon, mdeh more the , ir . .« o • * - "Do you not hear? I am captain, am I not? We had unanimously allotted him supreme^ command. « To the cave, I say, at once. Airatms as lfelt, there was BO resource other than to obey. Ifound tbe rest of the party wakeful iandprepared for instant departure. Everything had been packed and ready for a start, only one being allowed to sleep at the same time, Spite of my anxiety, I had almost dropped; into a doze, when Hartley enteredtmd shook me by the shoulder. " Get up," he said. " To the woods, all of you. You know the spot; wait there until I come." All obeyed and left him, save myself. " But I must see the old man again," I interposed. "Mutt? Well then, you shall; but be quick. I have to go back; you shall accompany me." Bat one word was all I wished to hear, and I followed Hartley to the but A light burned on tbe table, and for a moment I deemed the room to be empty; bat the next, oh horror 1 looking down on the floor, I saw the' old Scotchman, he who knew the secret, cold, stiff, with battered face and skull, lying weltering in his blood. " Villain, n I exclaimed, turning towards Hartley, (> this is yonr doing." " And this," was the reply, " is his." The speaker handed me a paper which ho had taken from the old man's pocket By this it Beemed that the man now lying lifeless upon tbe floor had been all along in communication with the authorities, and was plotting to give us up. Our numbers, however, were formidable, and sufficient force to take us could ill be spared. The only advisable course of action, therefore, . had . . been to detain us, for this purpose provisions and dnnk had been secretly forwarded, and that night tWnU the old moti'iuin man's son—he IIA vlinu whose garments mimenhi we wa j had discovered—would lead a party to omnhiding place. The act of Hartley might, on the ground of revenge, be held as somewhat excusable. Viewed, however, in no other aspect could it be palliated in any way. It was clearly unnecessary, since the fact j of this old man being still afive could, by no chance, have hindered our escape. Th« secret of Ellen's fate, too, seemed now lost to me for ever. Who other than this poor shepherd, in my present condition, could tell me of her whereabouts, or bear to her the dying message of the convict's love? My - mind grew jit sad enough - as these - matters obtruded themselves on my imagination. Time flew, and Hartley had already hinted the necessity of a speedy flight; but I still stood mutely gazing at j the sad, sad sight before me. Was this second deed of blood to be charged upon me also ? and would the constant presence of yet this other victim haunt my soul, as did the memory of poor Walsingham, mutilated and buried in Bays Grove? Our small candle, which already burned low in the socket, served scarcely more than to render darkness visible; but all at once the room became, as it were, illuminated by a flash, which, in the disrdered state of my nerves, seemed almost upernatural. I looked up hastily, and there, at the window, and peering in upon us from the darkness, although itself vivid with strange lustre, glared a human face. The same was pale beyond expression. The eyes were fixed upon the corpse, evidently in horror. The jaw had dropped as from j the muscles becoming paralysed by sudden and overwhelming fear. It did not move, It stood there motionless as though but a reflected image of the corpse itself. It might have the face of the dead man, too, by yet another token; n? two sets ol features could be more alike. Those of tlie vision were smoother, younger, less 1 determined, perhaps less g but that was all. What easily have been imagines the very sem blance of the murdered shepherd in his younger days, or—and was that the true solution?—the disembodied spirit come back in mortal shape, to haunt and torture those who thus untimely had set it free. As this idea flashed upon me, it is ^probable oaoie that tuat I i uttered a slight Blight ejaculation. denlv t,TrnS' K ^ " " H S3LrtZTi^^t^Zl That glance, half of fright, half J, of expostulation, lasting but a moment, seemed to charge me with the deed. Quickly as it appeared, the phantom vanished, and left us gazing at the now gloomy walls and the black night beyond tbe open window. And then, coincident with the fading of the vision, there arose, on the still silence of the evening, a cry, loud, frantic, terri ble, and despairing. It reverberated through the narrow room, it came echoed back from trees and rocks adown the valley to where we stood, until the wail, taken up so often and uttered still incessantly, seemed as the united voices of ten thousand demons shrieking to earth and heaven in witness of our crime. Fortunately, Hartley retained sufficient presence of mind to drag me, half petrified, to the door. As we stepped into the open air, a dozen dusky figures sprang out from an adjacent thicket; a dozen muskets flashed upon us, and as many bullets whistled past The shock of this second surprise saved me, and, in company with Hartley, I plunged headlong down an adjacent slope, a score or so of soldiers, armed and vengeful, following close behind us. CHAPTER vi. At length one whispered his companion, who Whispered another, and thus it went round, And then into a hoarser murmur grew, An ominous, and wild, and desperate sound; And when his comrade's thought each sufferer knew, 'Twas but his own, suppressed till now, he found; And out they spoke for lots for flesh and blood, And who should die to be his fellows' food. DON JUAN. Under cover of the darkness our pursuers were speedily shaken oif, and then it was that Hartley, who had |remained more composed than myself, gave a brief xplanation of the startling appearances and sounds immediately preceding our flight from the but Like most other ghost—or supposed ghost—stories, the real circumstances of the case, as appeared by companion's statement, and informa- | tion subsequently received, were both simple and natural. The old shepherd's son had returned, as anticipated, with a } small detachment of soldiers, the object of whose mission was to secure the fugitives, ^.l^^? sible. Provided 1^." with 8 a hy dark surprise lantern, if pos-j the boy had been sent forward to reconnoitre, and, if able to do so, communicate with father, so that further operations might be arranged upon. The window of the hut remaining open, the spy had availed himself thereof to see whether the coast happened to be clear or otherwise. The first objects presenting themselves in the room were the body of the murdered man and ourselves, the apparent murderers, standing over it. A sight so utterly unexpected and so appalling would prove unnerving to any one, and the poor lad, for the moment, lost all presence of mind. He could not even cry out fori "^pce. but stood gazing upon the «ght in speechless horror. In his fear, t 0 ,°! , he J 081 a11 .CO**?* over the lantern which he earned in his iiand, and ^ ^ ^ r n t h e ligbt eofuU upon his ^ ' ^ J t t U / mataral thus tb gave the features a | ghost-like appearance, which might have i decel , one feeing theai under circum- j stances less horrible than those under which I looked upon them myself. An ejaculation which I uttered -at last awoke the new comer from his trance, and having J regained his faculties, he made good use of the same by shrieking "murder," as most likely to draw the assistance of his hitherto hidden companions. Hartley's explanation was barely terminated when we arrived at the appointed rendezvous, in time to find the rest of the gang there before us. Eveiy available scrap of provisions—in anticipation of-this or some equally rapid flight—had been transported to the same place some days previously. Among j other things there happened to be the re- j mains of the whiskey previously alluded to, an article^ which eventually involved us in serious difficulties. Once well away and into the woods, our leader vouchsafed to still further unfold his plans of action. A small schooner, as he told us, was trading for timber to an harbor on the northern coast The crew : of this vessel consisted of two men and boy. in addition to the skipper. The! latter, and in fact the majority of those on board, were free men, but the mate! was an old convict out on leave, to whom Hartley had been introduced whilst in Hobart Town. He had even been mate on board the vessel bringing the erst | warder to Macquarie Harbor, and it was during the voyage that the two had plotted together, and arranged the detail of the escape and the projected meeting, j The destination of the vessel, unfortunately, happened to be Hobart Town, but Hartley reckoned shrewdly enough that five determined men—setting myself I on one side—could easily prove a match 1 for the skipper and the feeble majority of j the crew with him, and once in possession J suitable craft, a piratical cruize, and ultimate landing somewhere on the South American coastT would put us beyond the reach of the Tasmanian T : authorities, it I| might be hoped, for ever, We had not been many days on our | journey before the load of provisions became a hindrance to our progress. The whiskey-keg, although half emptied, remained, of course, as bulky as ever, Under these circumstances it was re' solved, almost nem. am., to get rid of this portion of our impediments by drinking the liquor as preparatory to flinging away the cask, and for two days the entire party, myself " excepted, - remained - in almost helpless state of intoxication. I Whilst in this condition some heavy rain had swollen the creek beside which we had encamped, and the whole of our pro- j 1 visions were swept away by the torrent Our position now became extremely critical. The region which we had to cross was known to be wild and inhospitable. In addition to this, not one of | the party, save myself, had eaten durin u the period of the orgie, aud consequently had to set out upon their further journey with bodies enervated by excess and weakened by lack of food. Day after day we continued to plod our weary way through woods and amid rocks and A precipices nm<mi/<M as barren lumn of nf- aught neces' I sary to sustain life as a desert; a few leaves boiled into a sort of tea in our one remaining pannikin, or the tops of young trees knawed by us as we walked along, being our sole sustenance. Birds now and then came and hovered over us, but we had no guns wherewith to bring them I 1 | down; ever and anon some small animal crossed our path, but not one of us had strength remaining to make a capture. Some months before a party of pn sonerehaTleft*Hobart* Town^and, JettmJ I i ost j n the bush, had, at last resorted to canibalism in order to sustain life. The details of the adventure had filled even the convict population with unmitigated horror. It was with no great axpression of favorj therefore, that we at first heard Hartley's proposition to resort to the same r \-- - still further preyed upon us, and as the suggestion was further placed side by side with the other alternative, a lingering death, the idea began to grow into favor with more than one of my companions. So painfully did this fact become apparent that want of necessary repose soon I became added to our other hardships, no j one daring to close his eyes lest'his I slumber should be taken advantage of for his murderous purposes by his hungry associates. It was this circumsiance, I 1 believe, more than any other which induced us to fall into the scheme of drawing lots for life, proposed by Hartley, j The drawing over, the murder perpetrated, J this suspicion of each other would be at an end. We might or might not partake of the ghoulish banquet; but at all events the present state of anxiety would be terminated. I, at least, steadily resolved to abstain from the promised repast at all hazards, but I must draw lots with the rest; from that there was no escape. The arrangements for the lottery were conducted with all due fairness. Hartley prepared some twigs, which being placed in a hat, were to be drawn for each separately. The shortest lot was to be equivalent to the unlucky number. All drew in turn, save Hartley, who resolved to run the risk of taking the remaining draw. ««<.«. As n S each cauliiu in turn Luru chose cnose his nis lot He he i| selections the whole were to be held up before the party. It may seem strange, but I went through this process—one deciding life or death for me—with the greatest coolness. My , fate seemed so absolutely , gloomy, that , 1 whether • - unlucky - - or net appeared a matter * of but little moment At the time tor each exhibiting his choice I actually forgot to comply with the agreement, and was only awakened to surrounding circuinstauces by the shouts of my associates. Each, as he _ held up the stick, uttered an — exclamation"orjo7on "" * " finding " " I himself secure. Looking at the on! blindly selected by myself, I found that I also had escaped ; and a glance round the circle showed that Hartley was the • man foredoomed to die. I shall never forget the expression of despair written upon the latter's countenance. He was not brave, but reckless. This feeling, too, was clearly attributable | to an overweening confidence in " luck." ( Like many others he dared much because S ^-MT-,^ J 0 "? I f ? rtU r- He would have rushed into battle, believing that the bullet had not been cast that was to lay him low ; he would have | I stood calm in .hipwrect, Knowing nearly all cases thaf some'one "is saved" j who might be himself; or he wonld have J stolidly endured a trial for life or death, I trusting to some discovery of some flaw or loophole, of the escape by which, j eventually, he might be free. He trembled now because he deemed his doom inevitable. The knives of more than one of the party were drawn as if for immediate execution. The looks of all told how hopeless would be an appeal to their pity. Hartley^ abject terror also acted rather prejudicial to his interests than otherwiie. He it was who bad proposed the alternative, he who had been most ready to ridicule the fears of others, who now feared to face the doom clearly the result of his own suggestions. He tried to persuade us that the pro- posal on his part had Jicen a jest He begged for another day of life, by which time something might happen to avert his fete. He prayed that we might spare him until that night and not cut him off with the bright sTXtetg To gl^usly aWe him. He craved for an hour, during which be might prepare for derfh. But all in vain. Hunger's pangs were sharp, and all pity had been swallowed by contempt I saw the strongest of our gang bare his knife as preparing to play the part of j butcher. (To be continued.) 