DEAD OR ALIYE. Horr .Bandmann appeared pt tha Opera House on Wednesday night in a piece written expressly for him by tho lato Tom Taylor, entitled Dead or Alive ; or, tlio Battle of Ansterlitz. Tlio piece, which was the last dramatic effort of its author, is a molodramn, and is not particularly original in construction, or made up ol very novel situations. At is, however, sufficiently interesting, and well put together, and gives amplo soopo on tho part of tho leading character for acting of a very effective kind. Tho plot may be briefly summarised. Count Mourieune, a colonel in the French Imperial army, re ceives on tho evo of Austcrlitz an order from tho Emperor to proceed on a diplomatic mission to Berlin. Agonised at the thought of missing the probablo glory of a great battle, I10 eagerly grasps at the offer of liis false friend, tlie Due do Laval, who is in love with Madaino do Mourieune, and hopes that the count may perish in the light, to obtain per mission to take liis place in tlio mission to Berlin. This the Duo does, and the first act ends in Madame do Mourienno's discovery that, in spite of her entreaties and hopes tlint her huBband would OBcape tlio ehance3 of 'the battle, he is after all going to the fight. Tho second act opens after an in terval of eighteen years. Colonel do Mouri- enne is believed to have perished at Ansterlitz. His wife, thinking him dead, had married Do Laval, and died, leaving a daughter, who was an infant when the colonel last parted from wife and child on the ove of the battle. Laval had obtained with hi'3 wife the property of the colonel. In tho meantime, the colonel, whowns not killed after all, had undergone years of misery, having been most of the timo shut up as a madman in various asylums. He escapes at length, and coming into tho ' room of M. Marbois, a lawyer, in tho hope of establishing his identity, sees Me- laine, his daughter, and recognises her from her likeness to her mother, Melaine is half convinced by his story, but is led by Laval and Dr. Feblheimer, who is in love with her, into inring the old man back to tho asylum at Charenton, In tho third act lie discovers where I10 is, and in his grief and despair obtains poison through the help of Simi- neau, the son of Bancalo.wlio has r.ervod under him 111 the army. Ho is on the point of taking ths poison when tho doctor and his daughter come in and Simincau produces Bome old papers of his father's which estab lish tho identity of the colonel and in volve Laval in disgrace and ruin. It will bo seen that the piece, though full of improbabilities, and depending a good deal upon stage villany, contains melo-drnmatic situations that can be made much of by a capable actor. It is not too mnch to say that Herr Bandmann was fully equal to the occa sion, surpassing even his remarkable imperso nation of Narcissc, and presenting to the audience one of the most striking, powerful and truthful representations that has been soen in Melbourne forsome years. In the firstactthere was not much opportunity for effective display, but subsequently, as tho old and long-suffering victim of a false report, who, after unheard-of troubles, finds his way back to his home, in the hope of recovering his name and estates, liis wife and child, Herr Bandmann's delineation could hardly he surpassed. It was full of nature, earnestness and truo pathos, rising at times to a really tragic height. It is a part in which tlio actor ennnot fail to deeply impress his audience, and although the piece is only announced for one more night, Herr Bandmann will doubtless find it advisable to repeat the performance bcforo the close of tho season. Miss Beaudet again proved herself a capable artist. As Madame de Mourienne she showed how well able slio is to represent tho alternate grief and joy of tlio wife, who fears her husband is going to meet the dangers of the war, or thinks that a means of escape has been provided. I11 the next two acts, as Melaine, she exhibits the archness and vivacity which we as sociate with her Doris Quinnult, and oc casional gleams of deep tragic feeling which are the more effective from their contrast with her prevailing moods. No one can doubt, after seeing Miss Beaudet's two performances, that sho possesses qualifica tions which in their future development may raise her to a high rank in lier art. Mr. Catlicart, who had to sustain the ungrate ful and unnatural part of tho villain, tho Due de Laval, was not ablo to throw off any of his usual stage mannerism. Mr. J. Musgravo, as Bancalo in tlio first act and Siraineau nfter- wards, infused considerable humor into a rather harrowing performance, and most of tho other characters were fairly rendered. It is to be regretted that the author could not devise a more dignified ending to tho piece. Tho bestowal of his daughter's hand upon the doctor who had attended him in tho asylum was an anti-climax, and marred the finish of an otherwise highly satisfactory performance. On Thursday night Miss Beaudet was unable to appear, and lier place was taken by Miss Bay- tuond, who acted tlie double part of Madame do Mourienne and Melaino most creditably, con sidering that it was undertaken at very short notice. Sho also appeared in tho afterpiece, Tho Bonnie Fishwife, in place of Miss <Tuno, whore sho also showed to great advantage. Dead or Alive was repeated last night, and this evening Hamlet will bo produced, with Herr Bandmann, Miss Beaudet, Miss Juno and the rest of the company, strengthened by tho addition of Mr. B. Fairclongh, who will enact the Ghost, and Mr. Stuart O'Brien. 