{g GEELONG RACING CLUB. 'M'' WINTER MEETING. I T The weather early yesterday morning was rather unpromising for a country trip, but nevertheless there was a large muster at the rgpencer-atreet station shortly before 10 o'clock, and by the time the signal for start- ing was given the long line of carriages com "loosing the special train were killed. The 'train reached the course in ample time for any speculation on the first race, after Stopping at the Werribee and Little River Stations, where there were apparently no passengers for Geelong Racecourse. The Geelong residents did not patronise the meet , jig at all liberally, and had it not been for if the Melbourne visitors the saddling paddock ifVould have presented a very bare appearance The ground was in a very sloppy condition, there having fallen much more rain in this district lately than in Melbourne. I The racing commenced with the Trotting I Race, for which the 10 horses coloured on the of and started. Von Moltke was made a strong a favourite, but from the first he disappointed his backers. Conquering Hero, who started , level with him, went a long way in front of him in the first two miles, and though he divide up his lost ground in the last mile, in goffe of frequent breaks, he could not get up to Black Diamond, who led all the way and won by 15 lengths. The ground was not at all suited for a trotting horse to show to ad y vantage. Seven horses started for the Hurdle "Race, for which Cumberland, Dhurringile, -'Sand King of Trumps were much fancied. Dutchman made the running till rounding the far turn, where he fell. Soon after, Chalker on RheBtis ran off at a hurdle, taking Dhurringile and King of Trumps with him and thus robbed what would have been a splendid race of all interest Cumberland " came on with a strong lead, and through allowing New Zealand to get close up, he had to do his best at the finish to win the race. Only four horses started for the Winter Handicap, for which Koh- i-noor, who is looked very well, was made the favourite. -Napper Tandy, Koh-i- noor, and Attache "'ran in that order for a mile, when Attache went to the front, and soon after he was in difficulties. The race home between Koh-i-noor and Napper Tandy was a very fine one. About 50 yards from the post Koh-i-noor looked like winning, but flapper Tandy came at the finish and just f lined the victory by a short head. Only four horses started for the Steeplechase, in which Collingwood absorbed nearly all the interest of the backers, The horses ran well together till reaching the scrub in the second round, where Blue Jacket retired. Collingwood then went to the front, and led home a very easy winner. The Selling Race was won very easily by Nimrod, who was put up for sale by auction and bought in for £23. Napper Tandy easily disposed of the field brought out against him in the Railway Stakes. The Ghost second, and Bruno third. Great inconvenience was felt by the visitors having to crowd through a very narrow opening to get to the railway station. Many persons were severely crushed in passing through, and great complaints were made about this bad arrangement. The following are the particulars. of the racing : DISTANCE HANDICAP TROT. A sweepstakes of 2sovs. each, with 80 sovs. added. Second horse to receive 10 sovs. out of the stakes. About three miles. Weight not less than last. Saddle or harness. Dr. P. J. Roddy's him Black Diamond, aged, 750 , yds. (owner i Dr. C. Coldham's b h Von Moltke, Caged, 100 yds (Shepherd) 2 Mr. G. Thornton's b g Conquering Hero, aged, 60 yds (Dunn) - ?. 8 I Mr, D. McNaughton's br h Prince, 760 yds (owners Mr. F. Read's b in Little Kate, 6 yrs, SOO yds. ; (owner). - 0 Mr. L. Grimwood's pbld g Skewey, aged, 700 yds. L (owner). -0 Mr. F. Robbins'" br g Brown _Iawk,.agoc!, 150 yds. (owner). - .. ..0 Mr. W. S. Moore's br g Little Wonder, I yrs, SOOvda. (owner) 0 Mr. F. Upjohn's cb g Sorenadcr, 6 yrs, 800 yds. (owner). - 0 Mr. G. Milson's b g George, 6 yrs, 800 yds. (owners Bettington to i on Von Moltke, 8 to 1 agst any other. In the first round Conquering Hero went away from "Von Moltke, the horses above 100 yds. start drawing pretty close together as they passed the stand. In the meantime Brown Hawk had made up a deal of ground, in the second round Von Moltke improved his position greatly, but broke frequently. Black Diamond won by 15 lengths. Von Moltke was second, Conquering Hero third, Prince fourth, and Brown Hawk fifth, Time, lm. 15s. HANDICAP HURDLE RACE. A sweepstakes of 3 Sovs. each, with 70 Sovs, added. Second horse to receive 10 sovs. out of the stakes. About two miles. Mr. A. Saqui's b g Cumberland, 5 yrs, by Bonnie Carlisle, lOst. Bib. (R. Batty) 1 Mr. It. Griffiths's br g New Zealand, aged, 8st. 7lb. (Bourke). "2 Mr. A, O'Connor's br g Cyclops, aged, 9st. 8lb. (Carey's Mr. J. Winter's b b Dhurringile, 4 yrs, 10st. 3lb. (F. Heywood). 2 2 Mr. T. Naghtcn'e b g Rhesus, 0 yrs, 6st. 111. (Chalker's Mr. M. Loughlin's b g King of Trumps (late Monitor), aged, 11st. lib. (Corrigan) .... _ ..0 Mr. M. Fox's b or br g Dutchman, aged, 9st. 7lb. gloatingly ratings to 1 ogst Dhurringile, 8 to 1 each agst King of Trumps andCu-borlanjl, i to 1 agst beat, C to 1 agst Dutchman. Cj chops led away, but was soon passed by Dutchman. New Zealand took the first hurdle in the lead. Cyclops aid Dutchman were at the head of the others. Kater. ing the straight, Dutchman was In front. New Zealand, sheens, Dhurringile, and Cyclops were next. At the stand the horses were running in the following order, Dutchman and New Zealand together. After a gap of six lengths carne Cyclops and Ithcsue. Dhurringile, Cumberland, and King of Trumps were together a short distance off. Rounding the turn past the stand Dutchman went away fully six lengths in front, New Zealand was next. After a gap of about eight lengths followed Cyclops, with the others all close behind him. Going along to the far turn Dutchman increased his lead ; New Zealand, Cumberland, Dhurringile, and King of Tramps were next, close together; Cyclops was dropping behind. As they rounded the far turn Dutchman Fact a lead of about five lengths, Cumberland and Kbosua were next, together ; Dhurringile and King of Trumps were close up. At the next hurdle Dutchman soil. At the hurdle near the scrub Rhesus ran off and jumped the wing, at the same time running King of Trumps and Dhurringile off. Cumberland then came away with 35 strong lead. In the straight New Zealand made a good effort, and was only beaten by about a length. Cyclops was third, about 100 yards off. Time, lm, 21.8. WINTER HANDICAP. A ence parkes of 8 sovs each, with 100 sovs. added. Second horse to receive SO sovs. out of the staked. For all ages. One mile and a half. -Mr. D. S. Wallace's br h Napper Tandy, 5 yrs, by Maribyrnong. 7st 10lb. (O'Brien Mr. R. Howie's br c Koh-i-noor, 2 yrs, 7st. 2lb. Mr. J. Whittingham's ch g Attache. 4 yrs, 7at.l21b. (Murphy) . -. "8 Mr. W. Branch's gr f Verdure, 8 yrs, 8st. 8lb. (St. Allanson Betting Even on Koh-i-noor, 2 to 1 agst Napper Tandy, 8 to 1 agst Attache. After some difficulty a start was effected, Verdure being left at the post. Koh-i-noor, Napper Tandy, and Attache were in that order as they rounded the first turn. They ran along to the far turn in the same order, about a length apart, Verdure dropping further behind as they went on. At the scrub Attache went up to that place, and soon after the three horses were abreast. Attache was In difficulties before reaching the home turn. Napper Tandy led into the straight, lion-tamer pressing him closely for the lead : Attached was a length behind. half-way home, Koh-i-noor got his head in front, but Napper Tandy came again at the bat moment and gained the victory by a head. Attache was about three lengths oG. Time, 2m. Ml. HANDICAP STEEPLECHASE, A sweepstakes of 3 sows, each, with 100 Sovs. added. Second horse to receive 20 boy out of the stakes. About two miles and a half. sir. it, Ilemlo's bg Collingwood, 5 yrs, by Morris Dancer, 10st 4lb. (Scoble) .. 2 2 3 Mr. T. Armstrong's b g Victor, aged, Oat. 121. (Carey). 2 Mr. R. Batty's g g Ranger, 6 yrs, 6st. 41. (Wall) 8 Sir. M. Loughlin's Blue Jacket, Oat. (A. M'.n.lB).. 0 Betting to 4 agat Collingwood, 2 to 1 agat Banger, 4 to 1 agst Victor. Victor led away, Hanger, Blue Jacket, and Collingwood following in that order. The horses ran round the far turn and along by the scrub in the same order, closing up as they headed for the stand. Passing the Stand Victor, Blue Jacket, and Collingwood were almost abreast- Bangor was just behind. Victor was aif S the left M ""'J' rounded the turn past the Stand, Ranger and Collingwood being very close up ; Blue Jacket was about three lengths off. Collingwood then went up to Victor, and the pair raced away fly o lengths in front of Ranger and Blue Jacket, who were following together. At the scrub Collingwood, who was going well within himself, had a slight advantage Itangor then went up and raced Collingwood for the lead. Victor came again as they entered mc straight, but was easily beaten by Collingwood by about two lengths; Ranger was a poor third, , SELLING HURDLE RACE. A Sweepstakes of 2 sovs. each, with BO sovs. added. The winner to be sold for 50 Sovs. Weight 3 yrs old. 9st. 5lb.: i yrs, 10st. 8lb.; 60 and aged, 10st. join., with 716. reduction for every 10 sovs. reduction down to 20 sovs. About one mile and a half. sar.T. Jones's br g Nimrod, aged, 9st. 5lb. (King) 1 Mr. J. L. West's brm Fair Maiden, Oyrfl, to be sold for £50, lOst. 121. (M'Ooy) .... 2 "J. Tozer, cb f MInorro, 8 yrs, to be sold for £30. 9st. 4lb. (Dowley) R " 2 "3 Botting's to 1 on Nimrod. nimrod went to the front after they rounded the impost the Bland; Fair Maldon was second. The horses run in the same order all the rest of the dis tance NImrod winning very easily by a length ; Fair to oF VVM Boccinu>,nd »Na"T a poor third. Time, RAILWAY STAKES, A handicap sweepstakes of 2 Sovs. each, with 50 SOVS. added. For all ages. Seven furlongs. HM&Brta;'î"''',Jr h KaPP<Jr aVmdy' B m SS'' Mh: Th°mPB«n_8'rn orb of The Ghost DeSalis'. iirï^','5yr?'0at'olb'(OraoknoU) .. 2 2 4 (Cashion)' B b 5 BrUnO' S Y". 8st' 10th '^^^»^»'ïaayHampdon, 6yrs, 6st. 12 lb. 2 Mr. W. Branch's gr f Verdure, 5 yrs, 8st. th (St. Albyn's .. _. 0 Dr. Jackson's ch m Ruby, 4 51.8, Ost. (Morrison) 0 Bettinson to 4 Agst The Ghost, 8 to 2 agat Napper Tandy, 7 to 4 after Bruny. Bruno and Ruby were first away, The O host and Napper Tandy bolting next. As they reached the scrub The Ghost went to the front, Bruno being nearly level, Napper Tandy was next, three lengths off. The Ghost led into the straight, with Napper Tandy next. half way home Napper Tandy passed The Ghost, and led home an easy winner by three clear lengths. Bruno was a bad third, and Verdure fourth. Time, 1m. 37s. 