TWICE RESURRECTED. A LAST SUMED TWIGS AND FINALLY BROUGHT TO LIFE. A WOMAH in Snicarto, Mason county, 111,, to all appearance died. But a few weeks previous to thia she had given birth to a child, and waB apparently well, with the exception of a nursing, sore mouth, from the effect of which , she had grown quito weak ; so much 'that lier husband thought it necessary to call in a phynioian, but she objected, insisting upon .waiting a few days longer, thinking she could manage, the affection without tho aid of1 a doctor, i < She ./soon after- wards very suddenly sank away, land to all ap pearance gave up .the ghost. : The;,body was kept till the next day, about. 2 o'clock p.m., when it was enclosed, in a coffin and taken, to the graveyard, followed by a great many mourn-, ful friends. In laying her out, : her arms wero tied together, above the elbow, with a piece of cloth, so that her bands would retain a position across her breast; . ; At the grave some friends' wished to view her remains,1 and the; collin was opened that they might doiso. On removing the lid over the glass they.could not seo through the moisture on it, and it' was thon. Been that, one of her hands had been torn loose from . tho band and .was lying by her Bide, and her arms were as limp as of ono,ali ve.. Tho circumstances bore upon the minds of sevoral present, but still they could not entertain nny notion, but. that she was dead. Her, hands were again placed in position! across her.- breast, and re-tied with the' same : strip., of cloth, and she, was buried. After returning to their homes, 'sevornl of the parties who had noticed tho singular appearance of the corpse commenced to talk it over, and they soon raised a doubt in their minds ithat she was not dead;' About ö o'clock that same evening several'went to the grave and took tho body up. On opening the' collin they found fresh moistur'o on the glass of the coffin lid, and ber.i hands .were' again broken frbrii ; the cloth that bound them, and they were both lying. by her side, »nd instead of her being in the least, rigid, they,and her fingers were flexible. Not- withstanding; all this, they could not convince themselves but that she was dead, and she was re-buried. ; The matter was generally discussed in tte neighbourhood, and by tho following Sunday the excitement had grown- so intonso that it was decided to exhume her tho following day. Tho next day, Monday, after she had slept beneath the abd for four days and nights, sho was again resurrected and taken tb her homer where she has been slowly but gradually improving. : Her friends entertain tho strongest hopes of hèrrecovery, which, if sho does, will . be a.remarkable occurrence, long to be remem- bered by ' the pcoplo of Suicarte. Tho way in whioh this affair was managed was, to say the least, very '/singular.; -Penn Tan Express. 