DEATH .OF AN ECCENTRIC NOVELIST. 9 I A telegram, the accuracy of which, though impugned by some, there seems no reason to 9 doubt, has announced to us the death of - one I of the best known and most eccentric writers H of English modern fiction. The writings of I uuiaa are rainiiiar with everyone who reads anything of current literature, and the judg- I ments passed on them is as varied as the subjects Jfl I treated by some Mdlle. de la Ramee, for such is 9 the lady's real name, is regarded as the quintes- 9 sence of all that is infamous, a Zola in petti'coats, 9 a female Paul de Knock, with a dash of the Mar- fl quis de Saade. By others she is considered a fl mere word painter, a perennial spring of fine 9 phrases and voluptuous imaginings, responsible I for au infinite quantity of gush but powerless to fl harm because of her real ignorance of the dis- fl solute in life. By a " third party — and I am not ;9 sure but that their opinion is not the justest — !:-J she is held to be a woman of great sensibility, -yj I very rash and very unconventional, whose ex- : a ! travagant pictures of impossible heroes and pre- ' posterous poets are set side by side with the most >1 eloquently worded descriptions of nature ; and I whose unpleasant portraiture of the shameful I side of civilized life is more than half atoned for 9 by her evident disgust at grossness, and her 9 strong sympathy for the weak the suffering the 1 poor. 9 'The customarv scandal concerninor the wnmnn fl who dares to live her own life has been circul- U ated about Mdlle. de la Ramee. " Society " H journals have depicted her as a masculine brus- jj que and ill-bred, while the amiable anonymas s who write for such periodicals have hinted at f " strange secret history" which they could relate did it so please them. It may be accepted as an axiom, that out of every ten stories told by men about, women nine are lies, and I shall not re peat here all the pregnant scandals which can be read in the columns of journals of European circulation. All that Mdlle. de la Ramee chose : to be known concerning her life is that she is the daughter of a French gentleman, has lived j much abroad, likes dogs and horses, atid prefers Bohemia to the land of the Philistines. For the j rest, "her books, written under the defiant sig- 5 nature of Ouida, or "Yes ! indeed must- speak. I think that Ondia's name first appeared in the Uuitecl Service Magazine, but she soon became popular. Major Lawrence's school of muscular quietists was in the time. Guy Livingstone with his six feet of magnificence, and Royston Keene, the " cool captain," who passed his life in one long struggle with his constitution, had replaced the more temperate friends of Major Whyte-Mel ville in public favour. But if the Dick Tressilians and Lionel Brancpeths of Major Lawrence were exaggerations of the Digby Grands and Honorable Crashers of the author of the Lady .and the Locusts, they were as moon light unto sunlight, and as water unto wine, compared with Cecil Castlemaines, the "Beauties of the Brigades," and the beaux sabreurs of Ouida's gallery. The reckless half-savage life of the born Bo hemian hers. Driving fine horses laughing with clever men, reaping notoriety, spending money, being niiscrable--what more could a Bohemian 'desire ?. Aud '-the wild note of the wild bird that never stoops to wrist is hushed at last. Its note ran clear to the end, but how much beauty has it left unsung ! The tranquil homes of the Ital ian peasants were visited by that wild bird, but t never perched on an English homestead and sang the sweet delight of peace which dwells on English ground. It is not for us to judge the song too harshly. Never, surely feels a man so mean as when, with ready quill, he sits down to write out his his little portion of comprehension of the ghost of some dead thing, which in life was a power and a name. We are so willing, we journalists to earn a few pence, even if we get them by swathing a mummy. Wordsworth has something about a man willing to ; Peep and botanise Above his mother's grave. , ' And vet lie did not know the modern journalist. PoorQnida ! She is dead, and has paid all debts. Much that is foolish, much that is extravagant, little that is mean or Cowardly, is buried in her grave. Let critics vvrite of her what they will, they cannot at least refuse one of her works a place among the most notable of the time she lived in, and for her mingled moods of merriment and grief she may take to herself Swinburne's epitaph upon the sweetest singer of old France, Villon. ' " — our sad. bad. mad. elad brothers name. — Melbourne Leader. Cologne, April 7. — The Gazette says : — The Russian liraud DuKe JN'icuoins uonstantinovici , notorious in connection with the theft of dia monds, was arrested on Tuesday night in the vil lage of Subtenva, on the railroad route to Mos cow and interred in a castle belonging to his father the Grand Duke Constantine, brother of I the late Czar, near St. Petersburg, on suspicion of being concerned in political intringues in fav our of his father. It was not known whether the latter was privy to the intrigues. One hundred kilogrammes of nitro-glycerine, intended for use in the Mount St. Gothnrd Railway tunnel have been stolen from a store at Rugand. Holloway's Pills. — The sudden changes, frequent fogs, and pervading dampness sorely impede the vital functions and conduce to ill - health. The remedy for these disasters lies in some purifying medicine, like these Pills, which is competent to grapple with the mischeif at its source, and stamp it out without fretting the nerves or weakening the system. These Pills extract from the blood all noxious matters, re gulate the action of every disordered organ, stim ulate the liver and kidneys, and relax the bowels. In curing chest complaints these pills are remark ably effective, especially when aided by friction of the ointment on its walls. This double treat ment .will ensure a certain, steady and beneficieut progress, and sound health will soon be re- estabr lished. 