SPORTING NOTES FROM ENGLAND. Br Tin WnuFLEii. London. 24th March. At last business has commonced in oarncst, nnd sportsmen havo put on sporting attire, and arc, as I writo, 'assisting,' as tho racing re porter puts it, nt tho inaugural raootings of tbo Reason. Tiip.ir .iM.onfinn. however, is this wnolc directed to tho two branched oE sport— racing at Lincoln and stocplochasiug at Liverpool. Con cerning this latter futuro noto3 must contain re fcronco, timo not allowing a differont couroo, tho Grand National being fixed for tho samo day tho mail departs ; of Lincoln, more anon. Mean while, I would remark that there is now a most pleasant chango in the weather, and with Uu3 cbango ovcrytbing in this part o£ the world ap pears to bo brightening into now life. Of lato sportsmon about town — pcrbap3 for tho want of something bettor to do— havo boon pigeon-shooting mad. An Amorican (Dr. Carver) styling himself ' champion of tho world ;' and an Englishman (Mr. Scott) styling himself 'champion of Ungland,' bavo been shooting a series of matches for any amount of money aside, though I liavo many reasons to boliovo no cash was over really staked. Then ngain tbo pair o£ worthies havo boon breaking glass balls against time, also in tho character of a match, and presumably as oxponenti of tho art of shooting and in tbo in terest and furtheranco of sport. In reality, howovor, thoy aro ' gato-monoy' affairs and mediums of adverlisemonts for a cheap daily London sporting newspaper. As fir as tho 'champion' character taken by each man is concerned, I may stato that thoro aro several gontlomon, members of Hurlingham and the Gun Clubs, who could boat cither easily at trapshoot ing did they caro to opposo them. From pigeon-shooting to tbo card tables is but a step now-a-days, and I may inform you that a foreign count fJaraczowskyj diod suddenly tho othor evening. Ho bad long movod in Iho highest English society, was a groat patron of the turf, nnd, altogether, a popular strangor, Tbo night beforo bo died, it is said that ho lost £30,000. Tho night beforo that bo had won £18,000, of which ho bad boon paid £12,000 ; this at card3 I I am clad to say, and I am in duty bound to stato tho fact, that a contradiction of tho ab'ovo report has since gono tbo rounds of tlio public papers. Still, llio mystery remains us to how such reports get about. 8th April. Circumstances over which I hnd no control prevented tho continuation of my sporting notes. Hotter lato than novcr, howovcr, and I again take up tho thread of my story. Upon arrival at Lincoln for tho opening raco meeting of tho season raco-goors wero treated to quito a trans formation scono, nnd not of tho most enjoyable character oilhor. Winter, aflor a fow hours of spring tide, again set in with almost redoubled severity, and novor was sport conducted under greater difficulties. I may add that tbo ' sudden cbango' took placo during tbo short epaco of time occupied in travelling by ' special' from London to tho scono of action — nbout 150 or 160 miles. Weather, howevor, did not prevent tho opening woek being successful, goo.l fields and good racing boing tho order of tho day, and sportsmen mustered in strength. At Lincoln, which took placo on Monday, Tuesday, and Wod hcSilay (visitors journeying on to Liverpool on Thursday, Friday, aud Saturday) tho two princi pal events on- tho cards were tho Brocklcsby Stakes (of 300 sovereigns, added to a sweepstn!tC3 of 10 sovereigns each ; colts, 8 st. 12 lb ; fillies, 8 st. i) lb. ; 5 furlongs) for two-year olds ; and tbo Lincolnshire Handicap of 1000 sovereigns, added to it sweepstakes of 20 sovereigns each ; 1 mile. 'Weedy' and 'speedy'' may perhaps l)03t do scribo tbo 13rocklcsby competitors as a rule, as it is early in tho season, and tho3o juveniles coming to hand quickly aro generally successful, albeit tbo 'form' ia, without an oxcoption, upset later on in tho season ; and I see every reason to anticipate such a result this present year. Out of tho eleven facing tbo starter there was riot a sharpor looking youngster than tho winner,' Sir George Chotwynd's black filly Bollo Lnrotte, by Foro Qomoz out of La Belle Iloleno, who jumped .oir as tho Dag fell, was novor really caught, and won very clovorly indeed by half a length. But if built upon a small scato the Brocklesby winner is exceedingly hantlsomo and racing like. Tho Lincolnshire Handicap attracted to the post thirty-six runners, tho largest field for this erdnt on record, if I romomber rightly Oi course, as hitherto, it was, to tho delight of tho bookmakers, a good bet ting raco, and boing so oarly in tho yoar it may bo guessed that tho ondeavors on the part of 'backers' to pick tho winner partook of tho character of a moro lottory, whilst it is a remark able fact that overy owner with a horao in tho race considered ho had a chance. At tho samo timo it must be acknowledged that tho winner at starting was vory nearly fir3t favorito, this winner being Mr. W. Stirling-Crawfurd's grey colt Buchanan (by Skathconan oat of Flurry), i yrs., C 8t. 10 lb. It was quita a runaway vic tory, nothing olso having tho ghost of a chance in tho raco, albeit tbcro wero somo really good horac3 behind him— Foter, 5 yrs., 0 st. 6 lb., for ono, and of him I havo frequently written. Moro than ouo of these besides being heavily weighted wero perhaps scarcely so fit to go as thoy will bo lator'on. Buchanan, howovor, aftor all. can scarcely bo considorod in tbo light of a good ntcchorso — uso- ful will best describe him— sooing that as a four year-old bo was handicappod leniently— many of iho turoo-year-oldslierogivinghiinwoight. This class looked well in throughout tho piece, nnd it is worthy of note that tho first, second and third wcro four- year-olds, tho socond being tlio Amori can borao (untrained in Kngland) Mistake, the property of Mr. P. Lorillard. Tho winner is a grey horse, and ho comes of a groy. family — ]iU sire was grey— a color increasing amongst thoroughbreds in this country, albeit at ouo timo rather de spised, though experience has' long taught us that tho groy racohorao U invariably a wear nnd tear, hardy sort of a gcntioman. Stratbconan cortainly geta his sharo of them— ho was a good borao himsolf— and though a com paratively young siro, those of his produco that resomblo him (and, by tho way, thoy mostly run), includo Strathavon, Strathcoo, Stratbraich, Bishop Burton and Buchanan. - 1'aKing on to Liverpool, wboro, ns I havo already said, tho sport waa 'mixed.' Tho attraction wns, of courso, tho . Grand National Stceplecbaso, which, for' tbo third year in buc ccssion, hasonaed- in nn immonso triumph for 'ould Ireland, nnd I hope novvbor 'wron^a aro avongod.' Tho Grand National, as your rondure .-nay know, is run over a ettlHsh country, tbo distanco being a. long four miles nnd a half. It is a handicap of 20 sovb. eacb.-with 700 added, and though but thirteen horses facod tho 6tarter somo good-looking ones— soveral ox-flatmccre ? ami well bred took part in tho contost, winch wns docidod through frightfully heavy going, nnd in tho midst of a sovero visitation of. hail, rain, wind nnd enow. Tbo victory was aa easily gained as was that in tho Lincolnshire Handicap a day or two pre viously, tbo winner, turning up in Captain Kirk- ' wood's chestnut golding Woodbrook, by tho Lawyor out of Doo, aged, 11 st. 3 Ib., ridden by Mr. T. Iie.isloy, who steorcd Empress to victory last coason. Captain Macholl's black gelding Hcgiil (aged, 11 at. 12 lb., and tlio winner in 1878) was second, nnd Mr. Leopold do Rothschild's brown horso Thornficld (5 years, 10 st. 0 lb.) by l'avonius out ot Juliana third, Ibis being bis first appearance in public 'over ;t country.' Tbo 1870 winner, Tho Liberator, also started, pro bably to cut out tho work for Woodbrook ; at any rate bo was beaten very easily, and doubtlcBs hi3 day is past. Tho flatracing, or rather interest therein, had connection with Iho Molyneux Slakes for two. yoar-olds (10 sovereigns ouch, with 250 added ; colls 8 Bt. 12 lb., iillics 8 st. » lb.), and the Liverpool Spring Cup, of 350 sovereigns, added to a handicap sweepstakes of 20 sovereigns oaeb, distanco ono mile and a quarter. This also went to Ireland by tho aid of Lord Drogheda's bay horso I'hilaminon (aged, 8 «t. 'i lb.), by Solon out o£ Satanella, a good looking horse thai wob only beaten a nock for the Liverpool Autumn Cup by Prcston-pan3 last November, almost tho last mooting of the season of 1880. Mr. Leopold do Itothflchilil'a brotra colt Bul- bul, by 1'oro (iomez . out of Nightingale, won tbo Molyneux Stakes after a brilliant raco with .llio Brocklcsby winuor — Bello Lurotto, who, for the Lincolnshire, carried a 71b. pomtlly. _ Accidonts at Iiurdlo racing havo been too plen tiful thiasenson. Alroady twodcatlishaveoccurrcd, and another jockey, as I write, is in a dangerous condition from tho samo description of mishap. Iliirdleracing and stoeplecbosing aro still in full swing, but really this description of sport, under existing circumstances— the March sun and winds are reducing llio ground to the condition of a turnpiko road — appears somothing o£ an ano inaly. And wrongdoings on tho racecourse aro also too plentiful, and of early commencement. During Iho fow days that the racing season has bcon in progress threo jockoys bavo been Bummonou beforo the stewards on a well grounded suspicion of foul riding. Whcthor this proves nn increased disposition on tho part of somo mon to seek suc cess by devious, courses, or v/hclhor it should bo taken to imply that stewards of roco meetings bavo opened the season with determination to do thoir duty cannot bo said, but it may bo hoped that tho latter is Iho correct explanation. Sport, ns I write, is jogging merrily along. Wo aro on tlio qvo of tho university boat raco, and raco gatherings aramoretban plentiful. Conimoat thereon, however, must form subject mutter for another loiter. 