GUTHRIEL: OR, THEY THAT SOW IN TEARS, SHALL REAP IN JOY. CHATTER IV. THAT huge pile of buildings situated on the left bank of the Thames, and known as Westminster Abbey, was originally a cloister, built nobody knows when, or by whom. It was in the hands of the monks long before Edward the Confessor, and it remained so until Henry VIII, on the dissolution of the Monastery of St. Peter, converted it into a bishopric, with a dean and twelve prebendaries. Its monastic character has been preserved up to the present day. There is, first of all, the Abbey Church, which in 1246, being then in a dilapidated state, was re-built by Henry III., who for this purpose appropriated the sum of £2,591 from the widow of one David of Oxford, a Jew. Contiguous to the south side of the Church, there is the great Cloister, in the seclusion of which the monks, according to the rules of their order, spent most of their time, and there the day of the month was proclaimed every morning after "prime" by the boys attached to the monastery. To the west of the Cloister, where now the Deanery stands, there was in ancient times the Abbot's house, while the garden between these two buildings was once a hall or dormitory, as is shown by the deeply splayed windows rising far above the arches of the Cloister roof. Simultaneously with every monastery and abbey in England, there sprang up a school for the education of the young, and Westminster Abbey formed no exception to the general rule. Very early we find in connection with it "A Publique Schoole for Grammar, Rhethorick, Poetry, and for the Latin and Greek languages," of which the present Westminster College, with its "King's" or rather "Queen's scholars," is the offspring. In fact many usages dating from monastic times are still kept up at the Westminster College. Thus, Latin prayers are still said at the beginning and the end of school, both in the morning and evening. The prayers are said by the captain of the school, and three monitors in turn, each taking a week. The monitor of the week kneels in the centre of the school with his face turned to the east; the head master, the usher, and the other masters, kneeling in file behind him. In very much the same way it was done at the time of which our story speaks, and to which we will now invite the attention of our young readers. On one bleak morning in the earlier part of November, the boys attached to the Cloister were assembled in the school-room, which was then much smaller than the one at present in use. All the boys were kneeling round Father John, who had just recited the "Pater Noster;" only one boy stood upright behind the others, his face was very pale, his eyes were deep red as if he had been crying, while his lips were tightly pressed together as if determination filled his mind. Like the other boys, he wore a white surplice with a big red cross in front of it. Yet he paid little attention to the prayers, but looked round him examining the place, which was evidently new to him. Our young readers will find no difficulty in recognising, in this strange boy, Guthriel, who that day for the first time had been introduced to the other boys of the cloister. He had been very ill, consequent upon his being dragged out of the water, and when he at last recovered, he fretted so much over the loss of his parents, that for a long time his life was in danger. At last, through the kind attention which the monks gave him, he recovered, and he now was ready to join the boys in their daily work, so at least thought Father John; but Guth- riel thought differently. Young as he was, he had seen and learned enough from his parents to know the principal points of difference between Judaism and Christianity, and he meant to stick to his religion with a determination that would have done credit to one twice his age. "Can't you say prayers, my son?" said Father John, rising from his kneeling position and turning to Guthriel." "Oh yes, sir, I can say my prayers, I have always said my prayers," said the boy. "Do it then, my son," replied the monk. "Shemang Yisroel" "Stop!" cried the monk, "this is no prayer, it is nonsense." "It is a fine prayer," replied the boy, "my mother taught it to me, and I like it better than any other. It was said when my poor little brother died, it is always said when a Jew dies, and I hope it will be said when I die too." "Nonsense, my son," rejoined the monk; "your mother is dead now, and God sent you to us to teach you to pray. Come repeat after me—Pater Noster." "I do not understand this," said Guthriel. And do you understand the words you mumbled before. "Yes, sir, 'Hear Oh Israel the Lord our God, the Lord is One!' " "Our prayer is exactly the same," replied the monk. "We are Israel, the descendants of those to whom our blessed Saviour was sent. The Lord is One! which means that our Lord Jesus is one, God's only begotten Son !' " "No no," cried the boy, "that is not the meaning of our prayer. The Lord, that is God, the Eternal who made heaven and earth, He is one. He has no Son, for He is a Spirit, whom we cannot see, but who sees us. He alone is our God, there is none else." "It is premature, but all in good time," muttered the monk to himself, and turning to the boys he said, "What a clever little fellow our young brother Peter is. Come boys, take him between you and let us commence our morning lessons." This was done in an instant, and little Peter, as Guthriel was now called, took up his seat between two boys much bigger than himself. It was usual in all monastic schools to devote the morning hours to the Bible and Catechism, as is still the custom in many schools at the present day. And a very nice custom it is, for it teaches boys that before entering on any worldly pursuits, they should first look up to the great Giver of all things, and render thanks for all they have re- ceived. Whatever in other respects the faults of the monastic schools were, one thing is certain, viz., that the monks had great influence with the boys under their charge. By kindness and never- tiring patience they made them obedient to a degree, without ever resorting to severe punishment. Like good schoolmasters, they spoke but little, and everything at school was done on certain signs. Thus, Father John raised his hand and the eldest boy stood when the usual question was asked:—"What are you my son?" "I am a Christian." replied the boy. "How do you know this?" the monk continued. "Because I am baptized in the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost." Father John made another sign with his hand and the boy sat down. "What are you, my son Peter?" he asked Guthriel, who, following the example of the first boy, rose also. "Say I am a Christian," whispered the oldest boy into his ear. "I am a Jew !" cried Guthriel at the top of his voice. "No, my son," replied the monk. "You are no longer a Jew, for you were baptized when we brought you to this fine place." "I know nothing about it," said Guthriel. "If I had been asked I would not have consented. But I am a Jew all the same." Father John saw clearly that for the present nothing could be done with the boy. So he thought he would give him time until he should have forgotten his former associations and accustomed himself to the ways of the other boys. He, therefore, proceeded with the instruction, such as it was, until the bell rang, when tho boys marched into the adjoining refectory. And here new trouble ensued with Guthriel. First of all he would not join in the prayer that was said before the meal, but recited, as loud as he could, the benediction Hamozelechem, familiar to all good Jewish children. Then he would not eat any food forbidden to Jews. All he could be persuaded to take was a piece of dry bread and a pannikin-full of water. "Try only a small piece of this beef, it is so nice, I am sure you will like it," said the monk very kindly to him. But Guthriel remained steadfast. "It is forbidden food," he said, "and I would not taste it even if you killed me." "No, my son," said the monk, "this is not forbidden food; no food is forbidden," and, turning to the next boy he asked, "What does Scripture say, James, my son ?" "Not that which goeth into the mouth defileth a man but that which cometh out of the mouth, this defileth a man," replied the boy with the quickness of clock-work. But Guthriel would not be per- suaded by anybody to do what he had been taught to be sinful. Thus a whole month passed away, and the boy still persisted in his deter- mination to remain a Jew. He played and was friendly with the other boys, but he could not be prevailed upon to join them in their devotional exercises. Father John could now see that his first efforts to convert the boy had failed, and he had to think of some means to gain the desired end. But what made him very anxious about his young charge was that the boy was falling off day by day in his healthful appearance. He grew steadily thinner and more pale, and would not take any nourishment that would have benefited his health. In this matter of grave importance, Father John took counsel with the abbot, and they agreed that the boy should be handed over to the young monk Stephen, who himself had been once a Jew, and was, therefore, ac- quainted with Jewish habits, and it was thought that he would be able to complete the conversion of young Peter. The abbot therefore called Stephen and charged him with his important task, promising him at the same time great honours and promotion in case he should succeed. Stephon was willing to undertake the work, saying that he was quite sure he would be successful. And successful he was; but in what direction we shall hear in the next chapter. (To be continued) 