gUtraftrs* THE TOBRENS BEGAHA, Ociiraittce— Metis. E. G. Blackmore (presi dent), Q. A.Oonnor, W. Fox. E. W. Hawker, M. Attenborougb, H. O. Bornett, W. Hall, E. Fonnby, D. F. Kelly, f. Hateomb, J. 6. Fiemiog, and G. E. De-Iote; Umpires — Meurs.Oarter, j Attenbcxougn, and BeMole. Starters— Messrs. i Weeds and Hathews. Judge— Mr. H. W. I Xbompscn, J.P. (Mayor of Fort Adelaide), i Ecn. gee— Mr. W. Fox. ! The first regatta held on the Torrens £»ke i took place en Saturday, December 17, under the . auepicee of tin South Australian Amateur , Bowing Association. Although the morning j was slightly tempestuous, and tae weather *t j ttnc fiiM seemed likelv t» Drove onDleassnt. ' before lo'clQckthesnnmadeitgappeiM.nce.tbe ; ?wind moderated, aad by the time tbe lirit : race was Blurted tbe afternoon turned oct i fceactifully £dc, and a more enjoyable i c»j coold tusjdly have been wished for. ; A large amc&nt; (A intereet attached to ; tbe in&ngiiMl; aqoatic^festival on the recently- [ ciiLEttueted dam. Whether the twists and : trace of tbe lake iroald serioafJy interfere with I tbe tpcrt, whether tfce managing bo3y wonld be ; Able to^aayjoutjthe srtsngementa sa%trfaetori!v, ? whetbtr the Portonian« would hold their owe ! sjftingttie'esty elabB_cr(to»p«Bkpttr»-Jo)rically) ' find tbtnselvcs all ajb sea on tbe f rash wat«r, ?? tbeeo and other questions have for some time ;' p»?t been freely diseassed in «qn»tic eirsles, ] and it was no wonder, therefore, that not only did lovers of tbe water tarn oat en muse to ! witness tbe proceedings, but thonaandsaf others ! sftembied on tie bridges and banks, and task j the liveliest interest; in the water carnival. Had I e cmdeI visiter to Adehride of some- twelve \ nocths ago beea pluced on the Oity bridge at : *\\)ost 4 o'clock on Satnrdsy afternoon jast i before tbe bag event tws stnted, he would j nuelr, bad he not been previoasly modeai- ! (juainted with the facts, have imsgined that i eosce wsndnfol magician fcad been at work since j bis last virit. Tbat«heB!nggi»b, uninviting, and , dirty- looking stream of lest yesr could h*rv ? been traa«formed into a noble sbecfe of water ' tvxereon- seoies of hotiz may daily be eeen, and wherein, too, are eaid to ex-et- many species of tte finny tribe, must have struck such an one ; M next Co mirseolons. and even t-- ns, wbo lire : within five minutes' walk of tbe weir, the : change matt still seem almost as sudden Hitii welcome. The aaceess that stsesded the €?et ; regatta was is all respects unquestionable. Th« ' attendance was enormens, tne weather delignt- . fa], tbe sport good, and altiioagh tfaere were a few slight defects obcervable in tbe details, such as tbe necessity tbtt existed for a spezdy »ad «B»3j-bwdled atnm-boacb for tb« ampin, »n extra pistol for tbe starter to enable correct tints being taken, a better starting-point than tie present ronnd-«-«onier arrangement, &-:., jet,tafeic« tto regatta » a whole, it was oae of the most succtsfcf ul bjJi- koliday entertainmeciB that has taken plsce in the City of Adelaide, Mid one th»t is sure to bo repeated at a no fsr distant date.' Any sport ii commendable ILat enseursgeB healthy exercise, masoaUr development, and pure excitement, and it ninet be admitted that there is no pastime which w91 better stimulate these qualities than rcwirg. Cricket, football, und roirittgare alike veil calculated to promote health and enjoy saent, and the evident pleaiore «ii'orded by 'ths regatta under notice, both to spectstara asd pcmpetitois, set all doubts that might- pre viously have existed as te tbe popularity of aquatic recreation in Adelaide at rest at once find fcr ever. The first event woe set down for fcelf- part 1, sad although at tint hour there t&j; only ? small sprinkling of spectators, yet, as tbe ftftcrcocn wore on, thousands of visitor* locked to the water side, scd before the pro giammewas half carried tbroagh every p»ict of vantage from one end of the coarse to tire other was crowded with people, while numbers of well- nIiedemaHcr*ftdotted the edges of the lake. Tbe eo%na between tbe bridges was most psetaretQ.se. There weie picnic puties under the trees, exowds of interested spectators at £iang'«, several persevering 'runners'' on the patb, and dosens of 'spooney' couple* in csn veuient places specially selected,, ail cf whom seemed to be enjoy ing the regatta after their o wa fashicn, scd it is pzebsble the crowd alto only one serious drawback to the sneosss of the , Bret Torrecs reEs^a, and tbat waa the small j nnmbtrof entries for the different events. No doubt the high boat tax has done a lot tawardB diminishing the number of aspirant* to aquatic ttonofs; betides which it must not be forgotten that the d&tn; bas onry bees in existence about six months. Probably at the next regatta the number of entries will be largely increased ai the prerent one waa so successful ; and farther we have die mayor's anthorityfor stating thst next yeartite boat tax will be very considerably reduced, which will pat the luxury of aquatic extrciie within every one's grasp. The length. cf tbe course on Satarday wss abont one mile and a furlong from start to fioish. It commenced at the Exhibition landing stage, and finished at a point- about fifty yards f :ein tbe weir. Short as tbe distance nndembteSly was, it might nave been farther caxtailed by a fcnodred Jerri's or sowiQi advantage, by bring iug the starting point round the awkward corner where it was. and so letting the boots go right away in ? straight line up to the bridge. To make a right angle turn at the very Etari was extremely inly, and in Professor Kellv's «aie in tbe Silver Sculls contest, fatal ; and we failed oawelves to see the wisdom of starting tbe competztora round a ahsxp comer and right j out of Bverjone'i tight The tarns at the first bridge asd »l Xrfnjg'c comer were both awkward eccs, and in more thaB one race found out -weak points in tbe steering ability of campe* , titors. but after leaving Long's the caone was straight, and bad there been a close finish j the iaeadth -rf the l»ke between the : Victoria bridge and the weir would h»ve ?Sorded a fine field for setUing the final struggle. As it turned oat, however, every eocteet waa wen 'bantfs down,' each, caca . being -nxtoaQj over before haif the distanoe bad been b»versed FanotnaOy at half ?past 1 Green and i WitcheU took their places for tbe Maiden ' ScoIIb, the former hiving tbe north side, in order to enable tiua peets and umpire to see the eontatt throoglum^ the email staam-Iannsh, : Uobilia, was specially engaged to follow tbe boat*. «m but for an sooiaent to her engines just as tbe Maiden Fairs race wn started, she would have done her work welf. As it was ebe bad to fee deserted, and her puaeagen were transhipped into tbe Pioneer, from which boat ft faiily good view of tbe eventi was obtained iorthesemalnderof the day. Before dealing ; with tbe deaihof the sport we most notice i the prsseewtBtbypnaatoality with wbioh every : race WM.atsated, and mostaho speak of tbe uniform evutteay asd asdstasae extended to tbe ness by Me. Pax and tneotfaeroaaandttea men. ' The arranfementron tbe wbole were exoeUently i earrieaeat,*»6 wa did cot hear a stngl* ooca* plaint taemafhe flay worthy of notice. Green bad nodiSeuttf in eestBogthe pxetsndims at I bis solitary awienan* a the fire* ntee, wbioh by the way wa*looked mbb es aUnoat afecegaae conclusion far faiat. M the Towens Fours con test tbe- Pert eaew pa*aied4nfcont«f *be Banks end mn*it&n-kaa-0K;*rt. . Bcepbj.the Banks' ctrcke,ieweeViB«erTpetc«tsrle,«aiaieeooa«r tbe defc- sehul e uimti esyniwisfri band to«ct itctineiaiebeMer. The Setmefaa&atrssAla; were the next eonple afloat* and^ these erews nsde'arsaiiaBC sfflv* wit*nvBSif tpfrjonnwy^ but cd resoaiBft Xdog'B eke* tte-me»eEbns. like ft* JekerTt MerahattmlUfc eeamai more inclined to retain to tbeir rtafcle tban oontinne, aad tbe Norwood* won easily. The Maiden Pair*, foe which there were three entries, vix, Norwoods, Backs, and Ports, was a very hollow affair. The Ports having drawn a bye the t*e first named boats had to try con clusions. Tie Sfotweods, however, left their opponents at tie start and won with ridiculous «aie by about 30 lengths. The Silver Seolls having beea wen by Mitehell and Matson from Mente and Frofesaor Kelly respectively, the event «f tbe regatta, viz , the Smith Grand Chal lenge Oup case on for deotskn, and as the two crews, the Norwoods end Ports paddled down to the start they ware eloieiy scanned and theiz merits* were freely diacnased by the spectator*, wheat this time were more numerous than at any otter. Both crews having done » oseiol preparation, and having the confidence of their respective supporters, » gre»t caee was antici pated, and as tte umpire's beat went down to wardB the exhibition stage the excitement on tbe banks and bridges was *-t fever heat. It ib baxdly possible to siate which crew was tbe favorite, as odds, were laid on both, bat we fsney the Portonisna had a slight call of the public fancy when tbe signal was given, and tie boats shot away on tbeir journey. Before a dozen strokes had been pulled, how ever, tbe raoe was virtually all over, as the Port boat forged ahead immediately, and never gave their opponents the ghost of a say after. The Norwood men, however, roved a plucky race, and well deserved the cheer* that were assorded them as tney returned alter tne contest. Tne race was rawed in somewhat slow time, 7 min. 12 sec. being tbe official record. Upon tbe con clusion of thsatrnggletrienmpirea' boat steamed up to the winning- posti and cheers were given fcr vietors and losers. Champagne was then untorked.andthe healths of their Worships the If&yor; of Adelaide (who was on the boat) aad the Major of Port Adelaide were drank with entfeutiatm. When th» contest was over the excitement began to cool down, and tbe remain ing events came on in order without raising any extraordinary enthusiasm. The Ports won the Silver Goblets, and tbe Norwoods divided the remaining honen with the representatives ef the dark bine, fall details ef tbe racing being given below. The final heats will be decided tbis evening, when no doubt a large attendance will be present, and some close finishes ace ex pected. She first of the finals, as will be seen on reference to an advertisement appearing in another oorumD, is announced te start at 5.30 p.m. Tbe following are fall particulars of the different event*.— MAIDEN- SCTI.LS. D. Green (Norwood) ? 1 F. Mitchell ? 2 There were only two starters for this race, and opinions were evenly divided as to their merits. Botb. men atrived at the past wiih pacctaality, and at 130 were sent on tbeir journey. A good start wss effected, and slight lead, but was polling hard. At Cljom's shed Green bad increased his lead to half a length. In shooting through the tkich w&y; cf tbe bridge Green pulled right across to the north bank, allowing Mitchell to shorten tbe gap somewhat. Bfitohell, however, in try icg to get through without losing ground fouled the wall of tbe bridge, which detailed turn a few seconds. Green thug increased his lead to a length and a half, but at Long's sheds Mitchell bad well-nigh shot his bolt and the race was over. Passing tbe Horphett-street bridge Green had increased his lead to three lengths, and although Mitchell still continued to rcw plnckily be wes unable to lessen the g»s-j and Green eventually won very easily. Time, 8 min. 53 eec. TORHBKf FOVES. Firet heat. j Torts ? „ ? 1 Buiks „. ... ? 2 I Second beet. Norwood ... ... ? 1 Legal ... ... w. ? 2 Tins event, fee which, there were four ccewa entered, was pulled in bests. The first beat; was polled by the Bcsks and Port crews, tbe places being filled sss follows: — Banks — I. H. Wainwrignt (bow), J. SadJer (No. 2), F. H. Clsxk (Ho. 2), J. Eropby (stroke), and G. A. Connor (cox.). Ports— JB. C.£/e£Xeaurier(b3w), X.TulIoch (No.2),E. Forrnby (No. 3), A- Wald Oirobe), T. Smith (cox). Directly thestarter gave the word ' go' tbe Port; ctew went to the ltont, sxd at Olyons'a boat&bed; led by a leogfefe and a half. Passing the- bridge tbs dark blues Bta roureaaeu uieir ina w cutec tenguis. At Long's sheds the Port crew, who were palling a long powerful stroke at tbe rate of about 38 to tbe minute, had widened tbe g»p to f--ar lengths. The banker* here tried to snorien tbe di*t&nce;,batwitheutavail,tbetrfattstrake having, evidently told its tale on them. Tbe Sforphett etieet bridge wes pastftd, tbe Ports leading by six length*, and they eventually woa as they liked by a considerable distance. Throughnat tLe race the winners maintained a long, steady, and telling stroke of 38 to the minute. Brophy, on tbe, contrary, set bis men a short jerky etroke at tte rate of about -15 to the minute, which was nmeh too fset for his ckv. lime, 7 min. Si sec SECOSD TfSkT. The crews were made up as follows:— Legal — J. B. Stairhead (bow), H. B. Taylor (No. 9), F. Fieher (No. 3), R. W. H«U (strake), E. VT. Hawker (osx ). Norwoods— W. Burnet (bow), J. Haves ( Vo. 3), G. Wood (No. 3). I. L Setlars {t troke), W» L. Greyson (cox.). A good start was effected, botb crews catching the water together, acd pulKng sfzoke for stroke down to Clyous's shed, where they were level. The Norwoods a* thiff point epnzted, and reached the bridge haif a length shsad of tbe lawyers. la shooting through the bridge archway, however, the Nor vcood cox steered bis crew across tbe river fc- (et well inside their own water, and the Leg&ls; tock adranlage ef tais,*and their cox, handlmg tbe ladder well they gat on even terrar. At the torn cioec to Long's the Norwoods, who had the advantage of smooth water by having the north fchoie fiotn the bridge to the tore, agaia forged ahead, and abreast of the ehede led by two lengths. This was maintained to ebe Bfarpbstt fctreet biidge. The Legab appeared to be blown, and tie Norwoods rowing well within the en - selves won by foar lengths. Time, 7 mis. 45 se:. JIAIDET BSfES. Kcrwoods ? ... 1 Backs ? 2 There were only three entries for this race, wuieu wan rowcu »a utwus, auu \u. tue a»wmg the Hcrwoods end Banks were pitted agsinbt estfe other, the Portr getting the hye. The Norwoods were the favorite*, »» it was thought by most people that tbeir form was far superior to that of the Banks; To a good start tbe dark blue aad reds were the first to ebow in front, and it wtt at once seen that the Banks crew would not give them any trouble. When the £zat bridee was reached the Norwood crew were lesding by three lengths. At Long's and the Horphett-street bridge they still led, and finally won with several lengths to spare. In conse quecoe of tbe press launch breaking down we are indebted to an onlooker for the shove doa crjpticn. Tbe crews were as foLow*:— Nor woods — J. 1-apslty (bow), B. Bell (stroke), L. Grayson (cox.). Ssnks— TV. O. Norrie (cox.), B. J. Bropby (stroke), P. Haraun (cax.). SILVXB SCULI^. First Heat. F. Mitchell ... ? _ 1 A. Monte .„ ? 2 Scoond Heat. T. Matson ? 1 D.F. Kelly ^ ? 2 There were were four entries for this event, ? The Fort Club sent two representative and the University one. Mitchell, who cowed in one of the events, was allowed by tbe association to enter as a. representative of the University Olub. After bis defeat in the first raoa by Green it was generally thought thht tbe latter would succumb to tbe scalier frcm the senior olub. Beth men quickly took np their stations, Mitchell having the southern water and Monte the northern. Mitchell waa tbe first to stow in front ?ftra the starter's signal had been given, and be came rotted tbe first bend trith a alight lead, Passing the bridge he had widened the gap to three lengths and crossed to the north shore taking his rivaFs water and pulling well inshore, thus gettuig a great advantage from the smoother water on that; side. At Long's, however, he fouled the side of the bank, which earned him to stop pulling for a snort time. Tbe dark blue then put on a spurt in answer to the cries of the Port Olub partiaans, and for a few seconds looked dangerous. Slitc&eU;, however, managed to get clear of the aide before bis opponent could get on terms, and his long easy stroke scon lent his boat well to the front again. The race was over at the. Morphett-street biidge, wiere Mfe»liBn bad increased his lead to three lengths. Just after passing the bridge Hcnte got into difficulties by having to poll againtt a heavy wash from the official steamer following the raoe, which ; had got between his and Mitchell's boat. He, however, pulled gamely through it, but finished, several lengths behind Mitchell. Bath men were heartily cheered on returning to Lang's thsfr. Time, 8 min. 45 see. Second Heat. This beat resulted in s walkover for Mataoa in consequence of ? fool whioh the umpire gave against the pcofcE&orvwho; than polled to Loas- aiiU tanseo, auoon pnuing over tne coarse in 11 rain. 43 see. OIITH GEAJtD auiXEWU CUP. Tbis event was a matsb betweeu the Sorb and Norwood clubs, and was looked upon as tbe fiece- de retittenct of tbe day** sports. The boats -were' manned as follows:— Sbcwood — G. Main (bow), J. Elsdon (No: 2),M.£earden {No. 3), D. Green (stroke), L. Grajeon (cox-); Ports— -T. Gifford (bowj.K. LeMessurier (He. 3).B. Lamb, (No. 8). T. Plajfair (stroke), A. Fraier (cox). On tbe starter giving the signal botb news dashed away at e fait rata, and it was soon very evident that the Port crew had delenri&ed; to test the atuniaaoftne Nsrweoda ? to- 1km first, .bridgje, ma tney cot oat the pace , witH a loos awinging ateoke^all polling w*U tsgetbs*. Tbe borne crew, however, answered . ttXtxmi?, altboogh tfc«y tad to poll a onick rtxeke to leep near their opponents. £1 the list Uidge tbe Pwtrnafr* leaflet* length- end- ek«lf,whieh was increased totwolengabcabrearfr of Long1!, where tbe pace had told itetalean tbe bow «f tbe Norwood crew, who was holding eat signals, ef distress. The Itorphett-etreet bridge waa reached in about five minutes, aad wee passed, tbe Ports leading by four lengths and: pulling about 38 strokes to the minute. She Norwoods were at tbis point still rowing s shorter and less telling stroke at the rate of nearly 48. The race was completely over when tbis point was reached, the Ports eventually j winning very easily by several lengths. Time, j 7 min. 13 see. i SIXVEB GOBLHTS. I Fairaared race, without eoxiwaint. | Ports „ ? ? 1 University ... - ? 3 Tbeie were only two entries for this raie. Both erews kept well together as far as tbe first bridge. The Port erewthen assumed the lead and kept it throughout. On f»''g Ling's sheds the'Varsity stroke was nearly roved oat, and when abreast of the Willows, seeing pur suit was useless, the pair ceased pulling. The following were tbe names of the crews :— Port — W. Pjne (bow), D. Sjkes (stroke); Uni versity— F. Haloomb (bow), A. H. Hfgbton (atieke). ADELAIDE FUCSS. Norwood .„ ? 1 Civil Service ? ... ... 2 There were three entries for this event, and in tbe drawing the ITorweods were matched against ike Civil Service erew. Tbe crews were as fellows : — OivU Service — K.G. Bagot(bow), J. S. Fleming (No. 2), T. H. Atkinson (No. 3), f. W. Lockwood (stroke), and H. 0. Bichsrdson (cox.) : Norwoods-^H, Jury (bow), £. Giffen (Ho. 3), S. C.^Hodge (No. 3), T. Ooatei (stroke), and L. Grayson (cox. ). The ere«s got away on even terms, but jut before the 01(7 bridge wat reached the Norwood erew had a slight advan tage. Both crews shot the bridge close together rowing about 40 strokes per minute, the time being 3 min. 12 sec, this being by far tbe quickest time of the day. Long's was reached in Z min. 35 sec, the Norwoods leading by halt a leesth. Mcrphett-street bridge wn passed, the Norwoods leading- by three lengths, and then finally won by fosr lengths after a very fair race. Time, 8 min. 4 set. xkiszs rorES. Norwood ? I Port ? 2 There were three entries for this event, the drawing resnitrng m tee .Norwoods ana rotes being sent to tbe starting-post^ and theLegals having a bje. The Norwood crew were the first ! to strike the water, and led the Port crew under I tie btidge by half a length. Pawing Long's ! they had increased their lead to two lengths, rowing pplendidly, and forcing their boat throagh tbe water at a great rate. The Norwood sap porters on shore gave them plenty of encourage ment in the shape of cheer*. The Pjrta here made great efforts to come up with them, but the borne team rowed away, and eventaaQy won by four lengths. Time, 7 min. 35 ees. iTae win, judging by the cheers with which the Nor woode were received when they got back to the shede, was & very popular one. ASSOCIATION rOUBS. Porte ... ... ? 1 Norwoods ? 2 There were only two entries tat this race. A good start was effected, the Port crew being the -first to round the bend of tie river. When the City bridge was passed the Norwood crew were four lengths in the rear. At Long's the Ports had nearly a dozen lengths to the good, the Norwood crew beiog completely outpaced. The Ports led tbrongh the Morphett-street btidge with a lead of two hundred yards, and sbcrtry after the Norwoods ccssed rowing, the race being the hoDcwestorre of dig day. Ems, 1 vain. SO sec. Tbe Norwoo a ere w was the same one that contested the Smith Challenge event, tbe Port crew being composed as follows:— A. Uaraen (bow), T. Motion (No. 2), J. Miller (No. 3), 'VT. rVetoher (stroke), *a& J.Oolenvin (esx.). 