Gegedzerick. 2nd May, ]H8I.— During the last few days, wo have Ijroii unjoying r«al wintry weather. I huvo hoani of no no.ie.s being frostliitten to the extent of fulling oil' when 111,: (iro was approached, but groat coats dining the day ami big firusnt nijjht an: useful. In fact, John Frost claims a sort of prescriptive, rijjht t'j way liis frosty beard as fiercely us hf) chooses in this our Manaro climate. Tho Hugundrn ghost story is bc liivftil by nlmost nvory intolligcnl person to whom 1 liavo spoken to on the matter to be a groat humbug. Most peoplo here way that writing to tho ncws|iapi:r about such things -does vory littlo good, It is far better, thoy siy, to leave such non sense to the slow but stead}' justice of public opinion. CVjpH are np, and looking very well, but wo need a few hours' wtuady rain to enable tho ploughman to push ahnad tho uloii^liing. A very largo area will be placed under cul tivation this season, Wu want a railway badly. Our two members, Messrs. Tooth and Badijery (' God bless thorn '), have proved beyond doubt that thoy are the tight men in the right place. The action taken hy thorn on the Railway Question has proved that thoy arc well meaning man, hard workoi'M, men of ability, 'ion of great energy, indomitable pluck, and per severance. So far they havo boon silent on tho Chinuso Question. Surely they will raise they voices as ono man and try to put a poll tax of at about £20 per bead on each new arrival. Tf this tax would not stop them it would at least act at a chock to the Chinese coming here in such large numbers. Tho Chinamen's ways are not our ways. Wo will nat, nor cannot amalgamate, You cannot make a Christian out of a Chinaman, nor can y--u make a truo British subject out of any of them. Thoy aro aliens to us, to our creed, to our country, and to our God, even our ministers have very Ktllo credit in marrying them to our fallen sisters, fordoos not 'Tho Book ' toll us that what God makes black kt no man make white. You might in Cooma make aldermen and mayors but of Chinamen, but your town i* an exception. Sheep Faumino.— There is a great desire apparently amongst xhcop breedcre to improve their flocks, Messrs. Ryrie, .Brooks, Gunning. Evans, and others arc busily engaged weaning and culling the flocks, ' Understock the runs ' is tho cry ; and 'quality, not quantity as here tofore,' is the motto. All old sheep above five years must bo sold, as it is not payable to keep them. De formed sheep of every discription, weed them out. But moro of that nnon. Vulcan.— Messrs. Eli Williams and T. Smith have rented tho black smith's shop at Berridale from Mr. William Oliver. Mr. David Scarlett (builder and con tractor, is building a plain but sub stantial stone house opposite the Berridale stores; Mr. James Lang shaw is tho carpenter. CiruncH of England.— The Rev Julius Scott and bis young wife from Alburv parish arrived safely at the parsonage on Thursday last, and he jreached his first sermon at St Mary's Church on Sunday. . The church was well filled, and the *«r man was listened ; to attentively. A*W -eryic^ the c'mrctiwnrdrtn* wws eloeteil ^''»r tho unming ymr, vi«.;— Hr. Willimui Hi\\-.|m 'wis fleeted P«»fi)o'H Church w.ir leu ; Me. J.tckso.1 Clarke, for iV; TiusUs-- ; untl Mr, Alfisaudor -Gumiing w.ik nominated by the Minister. It wm ?uggosted by Mr. 3. M. Hossftll, J.l'., that sidesmen xhould hi appointed, to act in c mjuction with tho clmroli wirHonn in collectin-r tho «tl|iend. Pi'gpjssAjby Mr. W. Brooks, «ec ondod by Mr. John Fro.nbodv— ' That Mf.'mniM liv!,i, ..r K AW-. Mr. J, M. H»s»»)l, of \Vnuihrimk,n!!-) Mr. Charles Pryce, of WoolwAy, lw appoiate'd sidonmon to net in con junction with the ehurrVvnnl'jno r*r tho onsuinj; year.' CarricH. The Rov. Julius Scott, our mnvly ap pointed clergyman, U a very cai-nutt preacher, and thoro is no duubt hut no will do good work In-rc Tiiore is ono duty the people uwo to him and it in this— if they firmly huliovc that ho is Bftiit lmro by Qoil, they ought to Niippiiit him. Adieu 1 YOUK» COIINHTAI.K. 