New Zealand. THE ELEVEN.—By the following it will be seen that they are not very en hu 1 siastic in Dunedin :—The Australian ori cketers, who arrived on Jan. 19, met with a miserable reception. A large crowd was on the platform, together with his Worship the Mayor, Mr. itoss, aud the President ot the Otago Cricket Association, with other members ready to receive them, but the carriage containing the cricketers passed the spot where the gentlemen named were stationed, aud when tbe former wsn-'ered beck down this pla fo-ni, one or two of them were introduced to the Mayor, who looked dignified but did not come up 10 the occasion. 1 he President of the Association was entirely ignored. There were several calls for Murdoch, but as he did not appear quickly, the other members of the team picked up their Haps,and were conducted to a four-horse drag wailing to convey then: to the hotel. There was not the ghost of a cheer, and tht only enthusiasm displayed was by a couple of dozen of small boys who chased the drag for a hundred yard? or so. CoMPETiTto N —The mail stoamer brought 200 cases apples from California for the Auckland market The Timaru, N Z., rioters have been bound over in their own recognizances in jglOO, excepting rhe leader, who was sen tenced to pay a fine of £100. Twine made from N-Z. fl*x is found to to be superior for reaping machine bindoa than imported American twine, Antimony ore in large quantities has fbfceii foartdin New.^eaiaiid,- It is said the Native Minister has. re signed owing to; some misiiudpretanding with the new Governor,^ Sir A. Gordon has gSna t>& * jfifcit to jfeir GU&fr;&t; Kawau. Butler, the supposed murderer of the Dewai- family, has been removed from , Dunedin to Lyttelton gaol. • The Gasweli Sound West Coast Marble Oompapy is a great success, Shares hive been applied for from all the oolonies, Land is going up in price in New Zeiland. 5000 rounds of Enfield ammunition vrere seized in a Maori's hut. A Teasel took £10,000 worth of Kauri gam for New York, The sevenue exoeeds the Treasurer's estimates, 149 of the Maori prisoners have been removed to Eyttelton gaol. The tlmher lrade'U brisk!' In WC! Hi iiiriijard's caise it Was s/ated that a vast amount of information as to asset* had been kept back, Lingard and DeLias are to be examined. Professor Blackia is coming to New Zealand; . ,. 