TO THE EDITOR OF THE CLAREXCE EXAMINER. I Silt, -This opitaph ia-" Snored to tlio memory < Miid-slitigor, * Gammon,' youngoit and woll-b"Ioví non of Ananias and Sapphira Humbug,' who departe tlite lifo on Saturday, March 6th, 1881, having sm climbed to a short hut severe attack of cold irater. Lothimlt.I.P." ?? : And so poor " Gammon " has givon up the ghost i last, ami as ho dovotcd so mitch delicate attention I mc during his short but aggressive existence, commo courtesy demands that I should atloast briofly nm ic hil laät painful expiring kick. Let mo in a few wort; consider seriatim his ponderous "charges" again! Good Templar}'. 1st. " That tho objects of tho society can novor t gained." It is ovident that " Gammon " cannot se far beyond his nasal ornament, or ho would know thi wherover tho Toinplnr enuso is planted it epecdil gains social and political ¡lower in an improcedente manner. That, although our ardor is only a few yea' old, it has already achieved great success. That i the land of its birth it hns already gainod one of it principal objects-legislative prohibition-and show strong signs of being possessed of a power whiob wi! moko it similarly successful in duo time in othc places, 2nd, "That our bbjeots ought not to bo gainod. Do you really monn it, old follow? This is merely yon own privato opinion, which wo eau very well afford ti let you enjoy. 3rd. " That our ronkB aro recruited chiefly by weak minded persons, women, and children." It is a gooc thing for our gallant (?) friend that bo is a coward, fo if bis identity wcro known, tho Indies would givo hin such n roasting that ho would novor forgot. He mus bo one of those ignorant curmudgeons that would kee] ! the gentler sex in intellectual inferiority, and must In I quite unaware of the fact that, in tho most advancer, countries in Christendom, the leaders of thought havi , recognised woman's proper worth, and thrown open t< her the gates that lead to distinction in art, science, and literature. If "Gammon's" letteis aro a fail sample of his mental calibre wo havo thousands «I Indies in our order who could give him his quietus ir nn intellectual tournament in a very short time. In " G amnion's" first lotter ho commends " individual power of self-control." Now we form juvenile Tem- ples for tho purpose of teaching children this vory power, and training them np in its practice, no that tho noxt generation may possess a virtuo evidently not universally practised by the present. A wise toichor has said, " Train up n child in thc way ho should go ; nnd when he is old ho will not depart from it." A hitor writor, who had well studied tho powerful influence of women in forming tito character of n nation, hus written, "Tholinnd that rooks the cradle moves tho world." Any WÍPO person will thus soe that if wo en- list tho sympathy of those who are the mothers of tho next generation, nnd fellow up their good influences by further training of tho young, wo nro in tho right traci;, nnd our ultimnto success is merely a question of time. I -1th. "Thnt ninny who loudly spout temperance I principles do not practice them in privato." This is a cowardly libel only worthy of a poison menu enough to stand behind a fenco wliilu ho throws mud, and I defy him to provo that any "who loudly spout tem- perance," do not practico what thoy preach. Wo do not say thnt every man who takus our obligation has 'BU Mêlent self-control attirât to keep it for life, and never brenk itt with our knowlcdgo of tho wonknoss of human nature it would bo too much for us to ox pcot, when wo remember the strong hold long cus- toms lins upon men ; but. many such mon como back n^niu with stronger determination limn over, und uro euee nally reclaimed. Such mon, however, do not usunlly " loudly spout temperance" " Gammon " says " he eau nud will provo his ns surliuiis nt tho proper time and place." Ho doubt ho will : Timo, A.D. 1000 j placo, Talban Crook. In conclusion, for " Gnmmon's " dolicntely-worded ' personal advice to tho " little doueji.puncher " (hoiv funny). Alas for tho inconsistency of human I nature, had ho stuck to his own tr.ido-chimnoy Bwcap, probably, from tho smudge-ho would never I have written his first lotter. This "littlo dough I'linnhor" is big and mnnly onoiiyh to bo ashamed to stand behind nn anonymous foneo mid sling mud nt inoffensive people-women and children included nndovidontly very much too big for '* Gammon," IIB ho is still frightened to ornwl ont. My "addled bend " is still clear enough to express my thoughts in plnin-nud sninotimcs vigorous English, nnd lam not afraid of temperance principles ovor driving mo to Glndojvillo. If "Gammon" is not identical with tho man we rend of lately whoso brains wore talion ont duringa surgical opération, und accidentally omitted, he ought to know that intem- perance and not total abstinence greatly helps to lill our lunatic asylums; sol think I mn on tho right sitio of Gladesville so far. So ta ta. old fellow. Yours, &o;,, J. I. SM ITH. 