THE CONTRIBUTOR. NOTES NOW AND THEN. By J. M. THE OLD CEMETERY. " Let's talk of graves, and worms, and epitaphs." I suppose the time will come when the cremating furnace will claim the mortal remains of all the sons of men, and the churchyards and God's acres of the pre sent, under whose green mounds the dead sleep so restfully, will have been abolished, as relics of a barbarous and unhygienic past. Under the new state of things each township and village could have its necropolis in a room over the local mechanics' institute, and the cinerary urns could be placed in orderly rows on shelves, like the gallipots in a druggist's shop. The urns could be borrowed for festive or special occasions, and one can imagine how—say, at a radical tea meeting— the "great heart of the people" could be stirred by appeals to the diminutive pot of a defunct Mirams or the goodlier vessel of an extinct "Major." Or each family may then accommodate its own urns. In each house a far-removed attic might be set apart, where, draped with funereal cobwebs, and surrounded by broken chairs, decrepit sofas, and other decayed furniture, the " relics of the departed" could rest in peace, till the household changed its abode. While the change of residence was being effected the relics might be subjected to some little tem porary inconvenience, and even risk—it is true. Thus, if the urns were of potters' ware, they might get broken through the slovenly packing of a careless maid, as is the wont of crockery, or they might be claimed by a man in possession as " effects," or they might be lost in transitu, and left uncherished and unowned in some railway shed. Still it would be nice to have one's ancestors handy to show to strangers, and if one had none to speak of, and had money to pay for them, there are many families who, having nothing else, would be glad to part with theirs for a consideration. Besides, if the demand for real ancestors by the nouveavx riches of the future should ever exceed the natural supply, science could step in, as she has often done before, and provide an unlimited quantity of the sham article. My earnest wish is, that ere that time ar rives I may have shuffled off this time vesture of flesh, and be at peace under the grass, with the wind making moan o' nights, or singing a lullaby when the sun shines softly, over my resting-place. The love of the old, because it is the old, has been the bane and the blessing of my life. Thus it is that I cling to battered old hats, and faded old garments, till my acquaintances shun me in the streets; thus it is, too, that I like old books, and old friends, and old fashioned ways, and find in them my chief solace and delight. And it is also thus that the old burial rites of our fathers, and their moss-grown graves, are to me so hallowed For me truly " —— time consecrates, And what is grey with age becomes religion." When I consider that in relation to the past eternity, the sun and his satellites, and the " everlasting hills" are but things of yester day, and ponder that when they pass away their passing away will be as a fact of to morrow, the life and the interests of this hour seem to me shadowy and unreal. The people who pass me in the crowded streets appear so many ghosts, only a little more substantial than the spectres which were wont to gibber and mow at our ancestors in the good old witch-training superstitious times. Truly, there was a profound significance in the old Norse Sagas, which spake of the ash tree Yggdrazil. This was the world-tree, whose top most branches reach to heaven, but whose roots stretch down to the death-kingdoms, where sit the Norns, who measure the fates of gods and men, and water the life-tree from the well Urdar. But Bobus selling his wares behind his counter, and CIeon , the demagogue, moving the "great heart," amid loud "hear, hears," and "enthusiastic cheers," live in the present, and wot not that "the transactions of the day, were they never so noisy, cannot remain loud for ever; morrow comes with its new noises, claiming also to be registered; in the immeasurable concert and conflict of this chaos of existence figure after figure sinks, as all that has emerged must one day sink." The night with its stars—which, too, must pass away when their time is full—teach them no lessons of humility, and they shun the graveyard with the instinctive repugnance of the true Philistine. There are many, however, who keep green the memories of the loved and lost, and over whom the past, with its shadowy shapes, has a mystic and sacred power. I doubt not such, like myself, are wont at times to escape from the coil and turmoil of the present into the quiet of the churchyard, where, "after life's fitful fever," the dead " sleep well." If such stray some afternoon into the Old Cemetery they will find, as I found a week or two ago, much food for reflection, and they will learn many a lesson which it were good for them to lay to heart. The oldest gravestone in the place is that " Sacred to the memory of Ann Eliza Liddey, died June 24,1839, aged 5 years." When one remembers the churchyards in the old country, with tombstones which the tooth of time has gnawed for centuries, 1839 is but a span. Yet is not 1839 to us here fast merging into the prehistoric? So remote it seems, so small, so different from the present. The spot which our "pilgrim fathers" selected as a last sleeping-place was then but a clearing in the lonely Australian bush. The hush of the wilderness which brooded over it was but little broken by the stir of the little hamlet down by the Yarra, and the smoke of the black man's camp- fire still lingered in the surrounding tree tops. Now, the smoke of the city overshadows it, and life's noise and stir fret its peace from morn till night like restless waves. Still the graves are green, and since the new iron railings were erected the place does not look so desolate and forsaken as it did some years ago. The outside boundary was then crumbling to ruin; the grass and tombstones were neglected; goats, and children, and the aban doned of both sexes made the spot a favonrite camping-ground and place of pastime. The present caretaker, who kindly accompanied me in my perambulation among the graves, seems to use praiseworthy pains to keep the place as trim as the limited means at his disposal will allow. The walks are well kept, tottering railings are strengthened, and tomb stones nodding to their fall are, where prac ticable, mopped up and supported. But the place is desolate and forlorn, after all, and my guide speaks in the tone of one wont to live in a world on which Ichabod—the glory is de parted—had been written. Iron was dear and scarce in the old times, and except around the larger and more pretentions graves, the rail ings are wooden. They seemed originally to have been made on one model, and they were doubtless painted in their time. But the paint has worn away like a thread-bare garment, and they stand lean, and grey, and withered even as the dry bones of skeletons. Most of the enclosures lack one side of the quadrangle, numbers have only two. Many of the grave-stones are broken and prostrate, many are bowed like drowsy watchers nodding in their dreams, but a good number are still erect, and in a fair state of preservation. Yet here and there you will see stacked in a corner stones which seem to have strayed from their graves like restless spirits. I was shocked to see the memorials which loving souls had erected to mark the resting-place of their dead drifting thus aim lessly, like wave-tossed seaweed. It is sad to notice how many of the stones are records of young men who died between 1850 and 1855. They came from the old country during the gold fever, full of life and hope to find, alas!—a grave. The hard life under new conditions, the sudden changes and chances of luck, the forced asceticism of the diggers' camp, alternating with the luxury and riot of the city, proved too much even for the flower of manhood. They came, to find not fortune, but—Death. In the hurry and clamour of our little life, she can afford to watch patiently and calmly, for the strong and the weak, the young and the old—for all time is hers:— "Pale beyond porch and portal Crowned with calm wreaths she stands, And gathers all things mortal With cold immortal hands." One of the tombs of this class may be yet seen in the Baptist compartment. It is of iron and the raised characters on it are as follows :— "Sacred to the memory of Evans Fawcus, Of Stockton-on-Tees, Who died in this city, July 7, 1853, Aged 22 years, This Stone was sent by his Parents To be erected over this spot." The old couple must have loved their boy for, even after his death, they were mindful of him, and little did they reck that when the last embrace was taken they were to see him on earth—never more. Surely, when the dark tidings came, each could say :— " Out of the day and night, A joy has taken flight, Fresh spring, and summer, and winter hoar, Move my faint heart with grief, but with delight No more—O never more!" Even in this city of the dead the passions which agitate us in the land of the living have their reverberations and echoes. Thus in the same compartment a stone bears this inscription :— " In this spot is interred the body of John Southorp, of Manchester, who departed this life on the 5th of May, 1853, aged 37 years, a victim to a faithless and ungrateful wife." The stone lies prostrate on the earth broken in twain, like the life of the man in chronicles, but its bed is a bed of lilies, alas not symbolical of what must have been his dying thoughts. The oldest inhabitant of the place is one "John McDonald, who died July 12th, 1869, aged 98 years." The next in seniority is an Irishman, said to have been the first lime- burner of the colony. The stone over his head is a handsome one, and bears this in- scription, "Sacred to the memory of Wil- liam Devine, who died July 8th, 1849, aged 95 years. This stone was erected by his three affectionate sons, as a tribute of affection." The place has also a grim humour of its own. Thus, in the Wesleyan division, close to the Peel-street railings, you come upon the grave of "Isaac Darke, died August 25th, 1852, aged 26 years," and a few steps further on you stumble on the resting-place of " Reuben Light, who departed this life May 17th, 1849, aged 31 years." As showing the changed conditions of Victorian life, and how effectually civilisation has solved the "black problem" may be instanced the grave of "Alexander M. Allan, who was treacherously speared to death by the aborigines of this colony, on his station, Loddon River, on the morning of the 13th of May, 1842, in the 27 th year of his age." One of those brave hearts doubtless, who made this fair land habitable for us, yet whom it is now the fashion for puny demagogues, who inherit the fruits of their toil and daring, to stigmatise as "oligarchs," and other such titles as tickle the groundlings. Some of the graves are records of men who were leading citizens in the old days. Thus you find a stone erected over the mortal remains of the "Hon. J. H. Nelson Cassel, collector of customs, died November 21,1853, Aged 39 years." He was a member of the Executive and Legislative Councils, and was a man of note in the pre-representative Government era. I daresay some of his old Custom- house confreres still bear him in memory. Captain Cole, the bluff old sailor, whose wharf was the scene of such bustling life in the gold times, also rests here. His hearing was much impaired before he died, and I have witnessed, in the Legislative Council Chamber, many a lively scene between him and his old antagonist, John Fawkner, arising from the worthy captain misconstruing some remark which fell from the venerable Nestor's lips. I came upon the grave of " William Lanney Brodie; died December 23, 1850; aged 32 years." Mr. Brodie arrived in 1839 by the Superb, which was, I believe, the first ship that came to Fort Phillip direct from England. Although educated for the medical profession, Mr. Brodie settled down at Boling- broke, near Moonee Ponds, as a farmer, cattle breeder, and land speculator. He died young, but he realised a fortune, and his descendants are still in the land. In the Church of England compartment is the grave of John Batman. His body lies in a vault, and it was with some difficulty that his last resting-place was discovered. There was no official record to point out the spot. Even the cunning of old Jennings, the under- taker, of Queen-street, who buried so many of our early notables, was at fault. But the memory or Batman's son-in-law, the present town clerk of Geelong, was more reliable. Guided by him, and in his presence, the grave-diggers the other day unearthed the body of the deceased as it had Iain since June, 1839. It is humbling to think that you may help to build a nation, and, 40 years after you pass away, it cannot tell where it has laid your dust. As yet no memorial has been erected over Batman's tomb, but I believe a monument, the fruit of public subscription, is about to be set up. It comes truly at the eleventh hour, but better late than never. But the night falls, and my guide hints that it is time to close the gates which shut out the living from the dead. In the twilight the city seems to recede from us as we stand amid the green hillocks and broken stones, and its noises seem to fade into the hush which broods over the quiet graves. May your death and mine, reader, be not such a one as overtook so many of the young, and strong, and brave who lie here, but may we pass in the fullness of our years— "As fades a summer cloud away, As sinks the gale when storms are o'er, As gently shuts the eye of day, As dies a wave along the shore," 