ENTERTAINMENTS. THE THEATRES, Ac. On Saturday night Mr. Dewhurst appeared as Hamlet, and at once it must be said that hie representation of the character will take a good place in the long list of Hamlet per formances of which we have had experience in thie city. For he has evidently applied himself to its analysis with a preparedness of intelligence, keeping himself free from any slavish reverence of tradition solely be cause it was tradition, and yet taking np such established methods as could not bat con tribute to its efficient delineation. He does not indulge in any fanciful interpretations, nor does he give new xeadings simply because they are new. He displays, in short, a reasonableness of treatment which, while it does not startle you into amazement, pots yon at your ease, and leaves you free to enjoy the performance rationally and pleasantly. You might wish that there were less frequent verbal errors to the text, but as these errors are not wilfal substi tutions, but only, as it would Beem, faults caused by lapses of memory, they are within the limits of correction. Mr- ®evv" hurst manifestly takes the proper view o Hamlet's condition of mind, and presents him as a man much disturbed by conflicting emotions, and by no means firm of purpose, but asof sound mind nevertheless, and putting on the mask of madness the better to conceal hiB designs against his uncle. As an illustra tion of the common-sense of some of the business he introduces, it may be mentioned that instead of marching off the Btnge with a grandiloquent flourish when he says that the play's the thing with which he will catch the conscience of the King, he sits down to the table and falls to writing, as if determining at once to put in the Bpeecli about his father. This is only one example of several good points he makeB of a like kind. Ike judiciousness of the ghost-business, however, may be questioned. The ghost is made to go into a large kennel, which is illuminated with the iime-ligbt, and from the front opening in the kennel, the apparition speaks his speech. No doubt the usual hard business of the plat form interview requires to be rendered with more unearthly particulars than are custo marily employed, buttbiB kennel arrangement does not seem quite to fulfil what is wanted. It is well intended, but not satisfactorily carried out. Mr. Dewhurst looks the Prince admirably. His fine presence is greatly in his favour, and all that dress, carriage, and dignity of movement can do, contributory to a good effect, he supplies. Of the others in the cast, Misb Ansteaa s Queen merits firBt mention. She has played the Queen many times before, but never with more true feeling than on this occasion. Excellent actresB aB Miss Anstead is, she is not content with remaining at one level, so that it is not difficult to discover on a repe tition of a character by her, that Bhe has im proved on what she has done before. This waB seen on Saturday night in the closet [ scene. The varying emotions of terror, affection, contrition, and penitence were ex cellent studies in the way of effect, .even apart from their appositeness as explanatory of the situation. Miss Deorwyn looked well enough to merit the King's remark of "Pretty Ophelia," but she did not go beyond this justification of the text. She did not present an ideal Ophelia ; Bhe gave none of the tenderness; the melancholy; the simplicity. She acted cleverly and correctly, according to rule and measure, but there was nothing beyond rule and measure. There was no feeling, no softened beauty of madness. There was nothing to make you forget the actress, and think only of the llose of May, whose wits had proved mortal. Mr. Appleton has oft be fore played Laertes, and established both then and on this latest occasion hiB right to claim to be the best representative of the character we have known. Mr. Deering has not yet matured his Polonius, but he will mature it after a time. Mr. C. Brown may place his Horatio in successful competition with very good examples of the character. Mr. Douglas makes but a crude Ghost, and Mr. C. Holloway a cruder King. The Osric of MiBS Docy Stewart is sparkling and pic turesque ; the First Gravedigger of Mr. Holt is a genuinely Shakspearian representa tion ; and the First Actor of Mr. Jones is a conspicuous illustration of what a good actor may do with an ancillary part. " Hamlet" was repeated on Monday, Tues day, and "Wednesday, to very approving andiences. On Thursday night, Mr. Dew hurst played Claude in the " Lady of Lyons." He gave a good, straightforward, robust version of the character, and was received with very marked favour by an enthusiastic audience. Miss Alice Deorwyn took the character of Pauline, but cannot be con gratulated upon any measure of success in it With the exception of Miss Lena Edwin's Widow Melnotte, to which she imparted a real life-likeneBB, the other portions of the cast presented no considerable novelty. To night " Richard the Third " is announced. At the Opera-house Miss Reea reappeared on Saturday night as Josephine in " Pina fore," and on Monday she played for the first time Mabel in " The Pirates of Pen zance." She had quite recovered her voice, and consequently sang with an ease and sweetness which pat her on the best possible terms with the audience, and her acting was in good conformity with her singing. In short, Bhe made a very good impression in this her first performance of Mabel Mr. Bainford appeared as the Pirate King in place of Mr. Verdi, but was not an accept able substitute for him. Nor can Signora Venosta be compared with advantage to Mrs. Williamson as Ruth. As the three principal daughters of the Major-General the Misses Gwynne, Deakin, una Liddiard re-appeared in all their previous comeliness, and Miss Deakin sang her inter polated song with an effect which the audi ence recognised by an encore. So that while in some particulars the repetition of " The Pirates" does not give each entire satisfaction as it did en the first occasion of its produc tion, it may yet be witnessed with a great deal Of gratification. The old comedy of " The Wonder" was re vived at the Bijou on Saturday evening. As a last-century play, it is curious in Its way, as showing with what our great, great grand fathers used to be satisfied, and how little it took to please tbem, and how diligently great fetors and actresses nsed to apply themselves to the study of characters which are only vapid and colourlpsB. Foy" The Wonder" has no plot to speak of. It consists of a number of scenes in which ,a lover alternately quarrels and piflVgn u tip with his mistress. There is a , kind of hide-and-seek game played by another ,1 pair of lovers ; and there is a competition between two serving-women as to which shall obtain the faVoft* of ft aervihg-man who Is in * love with! neither. An eccentric Scotch 1 (servant is thrown In by way of flavour, grid there are two stupid old men who come In and go out without any clear purpose. There are several quarrels, and one fight, in which nobody is wounded. The dialogue is point less, and the situations are not engrossing. It would surprise nobody, therefore, if even good acting failed to make such a play very attractive. Mrs. Lewis, as a matter of course, makeB her well-disciplined powers admirably apparent in the character of Donna Violante; and Mr. Ireland could not well be distanced in his efforts to make Don Felix impressively impulsive; and Mr. Phillips in the extremely neutral part of the Colonel merits com mendation for struggling bravely with inex pressive materials; and Mr. G. P. Carey merits a place in the record of praise all to himself for his Scottish humour; and Miss Wooldridge is to be spoken of with favour for her quaint primnesB as one of the competing maids; and Miss Florence LouiB is entitled to overflowing praise for the exquisite prettiness, both in appearance and manner, with which she represented the other maid; and Miss Blanche Louis gave confirmatory evidence of her developing powers as an elegant come dienne as Donna Isabella ; and Mr. Daniels was in his wonted good form as the Serving man ; and Miss Chalmers, a modestly-pretty young lady, who Baid about half-a-dozen words as a modestly- pretty little page, is entitled to favourable mention ; and Messrs. Joyce and Letville did what was needed as the pair of Btupid old men. But for all this merit of particulars, the general result was not enlivening. In Bhort, "The Wonder1' might very advantageously be put upon the shelf where obsolete plays are stowed away. But the farce of "B. B." has been played during the week as an afterpiece, and you can laugh at that, unless you are very melan cholic indeed. To-night " Masks and Faces " will be played. " Ten Nights in a Bar-room," at the Prin cess's, with all its highly-moral influences, has, apparently, taken hold of the public mind, to the presumable contentment of the management. If it can reform even a per centage of drunken people, it is to be hoped it will run a long time. To-night an ori ginal play by Mr. E. C. Martin, entitled, " Ostracised," will be, for the first time, pro duced. The death of Mr. Marcus Clarke ha9 called into active exercise a great deal of practical goodwill towards hiB widow and six children. This excellent feeling is to take the shape of benefit performances at the Opera-house on Tuesday afternoon, at the Bijou on Wednes day evening, and at the Exhibition, by M. Rowalski, on Saturday next And other gatherings are spoken of. In fact, everybody is doing all that seemB possible in the good cause. The Bohemians gave an excellent amateur performance at the pretty Novelty Theatre on Wednesday night for the benefit of a most deserving widow lady and her children. The audience was of a most select kind, and the performance was worthy of the audience. The pieces were " A Family Failing," and "Checkmate," and the acting in each case merited whole columns of praise. The amateurs were assisted by Mrs. Apple ton, Miss Maggie Stewart, and MisB Appleton, and these ladies are to be complimented with out stint for the charming brightness with which they fulfilled their duties, especial praise being given to Mrs. Appleton for her racy humour in the character of Martha Bunn. 