AMUSEMENTS. GAIETY THEATRE. Tiffs beautiful theatre; cftcr thorough renovn? tion nnd alteration, was crowded on Saturday night to witness tho re-appearance of Air. Alfred Darapicr in George R. Sims' " Afotlier-in-'L-iw," nnd in n somewhat unusual rite for the impersonator of Hamlet — burlesque. " Mother-in-Law" has more sparkle than plot, more byplay than system, more " situations" than probability. It is a comedy dif ficult to describe. It is brimful of wit, humour and fun— so much so that a great deal ovei flows and is lost unobserved and unappreciated, Often on the verge of equivocality, there is not nn incident in the play thnt may call a blush to the check of the most prudish. The complications all benr reference to tho penchant of mar ried men for women other than their wives and yet tho suspecting consorts chase shadows, for their protectors are innocent of evil intention. " Mother-in-law" is infinitely preferable to " Pink Dominoes," and adapta tions from the French school of that class. We will attempt to dcscribo the comedy, which is splendidly mounted nnd put on the stage. Mrs.' Major AlacTurtle (Aliss M. A. Melville) owns n hus band, a daughter, a craze, and a bonnet. The hus band is Major MacTurtle (Mr. Richard Stewart) very much "sat upon" and fetcher nnd carrier in ordinary to his better half ; the daughter is Rosa Matilda (Aliss Annie Aderc), aesthetic, gushing, and iu love with Tailfotird Twig (Air. Harry Emmctt) j the craze of tho mo- tlier-in-law is woman's rights, masculinity, and a formidable petition on that ilk, tire burden of AtncTurtle's life. Rosa's - mother lias no objection to her daughter mating with Twig, but desires that he shall have a settled business. Willi this end in view, Air. Pounceby, a lawyer (Mr. A. Boothman) is induced to lake the aspirant to Rosa Matilda's hand into partnership. While the negociations aro pending, Tailfourd Twig discovers that a comedy lie ha3 written has been accepted by Janaway, the manager of the F'rivolity Thontrc (Air. NoimSn Vane). The principal chnrncter in this is drawn from the idiosyncrasies of Mrs. Major AlacTurtle, nnd the bills nro out accrediting tho authorship to the would-bo son-in-law. The situation enn he imagined. Twig has either to give up the laurel leaves or dead cats that bedeck a dramatic author's brow or a lovely bride ; for if the strong-minded one discovered thnt she had been utilised to " point a moral nnd ndorn a tale," nnd by her daughter's f.anco, tho latter would with out doubt get tho " key of the street." Tiffs haunting knowledge preys upon Tailfourd's mind, and he confides in l'ounccby to have his name as author of the comedy suppressed, or the part cut oat. While the family of Muc'Furtle are away, the manager of the F'rivolity Theatre, accompanied by Percy D'Almainc (Mr. Alfred Dampier), n " Bwell," who lias taken to tire profession, nnd Topsy Grey, an actress, erstwhile a ballet dancer (Hiss Kate Aderc), arrive to read the play. In the course of the rehearsal, Topsy Grey indites a letter to a mar- rici man, asking him to take her to the theatre, nnd pointing to the blissful iguorance of tho " old woman " (the wife), This cpistic she inadver tently signs " Topsy," instead of tlie name of the character she is supposed to represent. At this juncture the absent family arrive — all but the Major. In the lnirry of the moment nnd nnxious to dissemble, Tailfotird introduces the whole posse of professionals as Pounceby's near relatives — Topsy as his wife, D'Almaine ns his biotlrer-iii-law, and Janaway as lii3 wife's father. Pounceby — who liaa n wife, and a jealous one — squirms at this, but grins and hears it. In the meantime the AL.jor arrives, and in tire person of Topsy discovers a love of his wild youth, who is sueing him for breach of promise. Exit the Major hastily, and the curtain faffs. In the next act I'ouucehy's wife (Aliss Marion Melrose), while at that lawyer's office in his absence, ransacks his packets, nnd finds the stage letter indited by Topsy. All a woman's jealousy is aroused, and she determines to find out "all about it." Sue also discovers the box ticket presented by the author of " Mother-in-Law" to Pounceby, nnd this, unfortunately, is a coincidence with Topsy's letter which confirms lier suspicions. In turn arrive tho AInjor, to settle the breach of promise action aforesaid, Mrs. Alac Turtle, Twig, liosa Alatilda, Topsy, D'Almainc, and the fan ol lire net is made out of he disappearances of tire Major, and tlie alternate appearances of the professionals and the MaeTurtlcs. The third act opens on the hexes of the Frivolity Theatre. All the dramatis personal nro present. The Major hides from liis wife, and Pounceby does his utmost to keep his legal spouse and his imputed wife apart; Tailfourd Twigg is in an agony of fear lest his terrible mother-in-law to he should discover a resemblance between herself aud her coun terfeit presentment on the stage. At Inst the Afajor, poor man, is discovered by his wife, ntul tho scene hat ensues i3 very funny. The old gentleman, who had by some means been seated in one of the boxes with the genuine Airs, l'ounccby, puis his back against the door to keep that lady from making a — for him — very untoward appearance. She, quite ns energetic, pushes tn get out, nud n phantom hand now anil then emerges tugging nt the .Major's coat-tails and expostulating in dumb show. At Inst tlio Alajor gives ill, a denouement ensues, r.ll is cxplniucd, aud the play ends happily. The comedy abounds in ludi crous nnd immensely funny situations. Although on Saturday night a good many jokes and points were missed by the audience, it must be borne in mind that first night renditions nre always excus able. Furthermore, Mr. Boothman, to whom a good many of tlio points were entrusted, might have somewhat improved his opportunities. Mr. Dam- pier had not a very great deal to do, and the rite of a lah-dc-dah swell is somewhat foreign to him, but lie never missed a point, and he dressed superbly. The character lie assumed was a difficult one, albeit he had not many lines allotted to him. But the success of " Motlier-in-Law," docs not depend on Percy D'Almaine by nny means — rather docs it depend on the united am! concerted action of all the characters concerned ; and herein Air. D.tmpier is to he congratulated on the oxcLdlcncc of the majority of his company, Aliss) Alelvilio, ns the Mother-in- law, was specially good. Her concep tion of the strong-minded woman is true, nnd, with every opportunity of overdrawing, Aliss Melville was both natural and amusing. Miss Atnic Adore made n very pretty aesthete indeed, and if all aes thete's dressed as she did, a good many of tho objec tionable features of the fashionable craze would he abolished. Mi:-s Kate Aderc as Topsy Gray was very piguunte, and Aliss Melrose's .Mrs. Pounceby was perfect. Whenever she appeared she filled the stage. " Little Noll " has more laurels to earn in Sydney, and she will undoubtedly earn them this season at tho Gaiety, Air. Emmet is as good as of yore — a careful intelligent nelor, Ilis ren dition of the character of Tailfourd Twig was worthy of his famo as a comedian, but Hie display of a little more energy would not he amiss. Air. ltichard Stewart, as the Alajor, made up excel lently. He kept tlio house in roars of laughter whenever lie appeared, and his business in the box scene was the funniest in tho comedy. Air. Booth- man us Pounceby is overweighted. He, however, did his best, and acted conscientiously. The other characters wore woll sustained, nnd" " Alothcr-in- Lavv " ought to enjoy a long season. Tho " Mother- in-Law " valse, played and sung by the orchestra in the en'r' arte, is a novelty, and was much applauded. Tho performance con cluded wiili a burlesque by II. J. Byron, of Urn Oorsicnn brothers. This is most amusing, and travesties the well-known drama most effec tively. Afr. Dampier personates the twinB, the ghost of the dead one, Louis, rivalling D'Arcy Read's for elasticity. Alies Aniie Atiuro shines in burlesque, and Mr. It. Stewart, Air. Emmet, and others all do their best to make tho now production a success. Tire leslhetie dance at the Alabille is the gem of lire burlesque, the ladies appearing in the newest costumo craze, smelling lilies and sunflowers. The light between Chateau ltcnard anil F'abiaii dei F'ranchi is also very laughable. Both ' Motlicr-in-Law " and lire " Corsican Brothers" will bo repealed to-night, when the public will be enabled to again applaud tho beautiful snow scene in the lutler production. 