PARLIAMENT begins a new session to day, and under. better auspices than for some time-past. During the recess the fragment of the Berryites, who seem to look upon office, as their right, in virtue of the power of professing which: they .possess, have . done' their, best to create disorder and prepare a new era of use-1 .less dispute, but they have met with no j success, and they find themselves forced -to-asanme-moderation- if-they have it (not.,- A portion of the party has not failed to read the signs of the times. Professor Pearson, who desires always to be, strongest on the stronger side, for reasons' which arej of course,' purely .patriotic, 'has: announced: that ho does not think it desirable to oppose the pre sent Ministry at the present time, which means that he is convinced that it would be compromisable to follow Any further the fallen fortunes of his former loader, game has been ’ fully played out. -Mr Patterson, another of the old party, though looked, coldly upon because heis supposed to be occasionally guilty ; of : the weakness .of thinking for himself, is also of opinion that there is no use in attempting rallies of the Berryites in or out of the House; whilst Mr. Berry himself finds that :it; is desirable to fall into an atti : tude of admiration over the Reform Bill, and to profess an earnest belief in the capabilities it possesses of being made a most' useful measure. In fact, the men who are out of office .cannot, for. the-: life of them, adduce a single good reason why they should be in. They feel that their, power has,' somehow, passed from them, ; and the one thing which they dread to bo forced to admit is, the reason why- it hasj passed away. In their .public -deliverances- they.avoid this as much as they possibly can, but still the' speetre haunts them wherever they go, and troubles them like the ghost of Bahquo at the feast of Macbeth. They know that ■ they have been found out. i They. feel- 1 , that,' - though they may I gather round them a certain por tion- of the simple, believers, who used. to.-, cheer in former days, that the r , great -body of the;, people look mpohr-themias^ahams,. whose secret igi quite well known, and who can allure or frighten no longer. ' It is no secret that the Benyites have tried to combine against the Ministry. They would have moved a vote of want of confidence at the very outset if they had felt that 'tharis was”thb'-leaat ’of- success, | and they would table one to-day, only I ; they;-known ;that : it < would -be received ;fo?'pea(»,^anyhow.]. -Theyrryare r hot annous to] see’ the' time of'our public meiT work ilt 'the place o£ disputo'nnd disorder, norhkva they the slightest intention of sacrificing themselves for their country's benefit. They do not mean to leave their country alone for their country’s good, but would commence a new career of warfare if they could, and WoUld indent Hew con“ stitutiottal questions to squabble oyer,' Wefe they able to do so.T In ‘this/they have made their usual mistake, The' Major,” and Mr Berry, at their recent meetings in Ballarat, both tried to see their way to a new cry, but they both found, .that the. attempt ;was useless," and there was a strong stolidity in the gaze of their own supporters, which made them falter in their professions,, and took all the “go 11 out Of their speeches. At-tme time they : Wire'the fire, and their hearers Were the tow.- The faintest spark of sense, and the Sparks were never numerous or brilliant, .used to set the meetings in a blaze; 'and the 'proverb that ‘one fool makes many was fully exemplified. Lately," there has been but little fire, in .the speakers, and/the audiences hate'been, wet blankets. Parliament, therefore, may be said to reflect the feeling of the" country, for the House is as weary of Berryism as are the people themselves, < And, what is the case made out against the present Ministry? We heard,Mr Berry at the Alfred l Hall, who is usually the] first to; promulgate a cry,'and is. generally servilely echoed’ by ? the once subsidised press, and all he had to urge was, that he was afraid, that the Minis try was going to do something which might turn out to be very wicked indeed. He had not so mach as a single definite charge to make. It was going to appoint a tariff commission, which was suspicious, although he had, himself, over, and oyer again declared that the tariff stood in urgent need of amendment, and actually had. proposed to appoint a commission. He glanced at/ the Education Act, which .ha opposed with all his might, but he could' get nobody to believe that it was in danger, and he had.to content himself .with 1 the complaint that he didnot like being put out of office by a man who was once in. a Ministry of his. We suspect that he would have.been equally discontented if he had been driven out by the conser vative party pure and simple,' or by any person whatsoever; -but all we have to do with is to show that be made but no case why the present' men should not be tried, or why he should not have; been kicked oat as he was." We see that the Age professes, to be shocked.lts nice .instincts, its sense of honor, its strict ad herence to accuracy of statement, are hurt by the doings of Mr Bent chiefly, who goes about the country seeing things for himself,' and who makes about half the number of promises that used to be. made by. the Berry Ministers. But, the Age "thinks 1 this is ■ not nice. To accuse a Minister of having been the cause of a railway accident with which he had as' much to do as the . Age itself is, of course, exceedingly gentlemanly and proper, but for Mr Bent to say that he will consider a railroad , and do so over a glass of champagne is “most tolerable and. not to be endured.” The unjaundiced eye. sees no difference be tween the • progress of a Berry and the travels, of a -Bent, between a rally at Ballarat .and a manifestation at Kqroit or elsewhere, nor does it discover much difference-’ between one Ministry promising railroads aind another. But, then, a certain’class of persons are said ,to be greatly shocked at things in which innocence sees ho harm whatever, and we suppose that the Age discerns in the tours of the present Ministers something of the “happy .land” business ; of the Berryites, to which the Age, even now, might turn its attention with profit to itself and :to .’others. - .If the worst pos sible has been said against the Ministry; and we should say, from the .character of the assailants, that it most cer tainly has been, the Ministry has good reason to be satisfied with the position in which it finds itself at the opening of the session, for there is a general admission that it cannot be directly assailed, and that it can only be charged with having been a great deal less boastful;- and much more diligent, than any .of the. last two or three Berry Ministries* As we have., said already, the fate of this Ministry depends upon itself. It is' fully sheltered from the reckless party attache of the men whom it has displeased,, not only .because it has the support of. the more .thoughtful members of the House; bht because the Berryites are broken up, that is, those who see the Chance of a different career before them are. -only too ready to seize it, even as a half criminal is eager to become an honest man.. Professor Pear son thinks that, he is made for better things, though we doubt it; Mr Patter son knows' that he has- prostituted 1 his ability.;’and] the other Berryites will disappear as the prospect of reward decreases. If the Ministry can Kold.it's own by honest work it will last; if not, it will have to give way to another com bination. Happily, cries will no longer do the trick, and the success ofthe Ministry will be just in proportion to the industry and 1 ability it ; may display. 