TURF NOTES. The various training grounds on the '' Flemington course were in excellent condition for work yesterday morning, and there was a large number of horses out Though there was no sensational gallop among the cracks, some very useful work was done. Somnus and Hilarious cantered on the outer track, and finished with a fast mile, Somnus , beating Hilarious easily at the finish. Zula and W hentear did a mile and a half on the outside track at a good pace, going freely and well all the way. Darebin and Terrible Billy went twice round the outer track, the last time fast Darebin, who drew away from his companion when coming home, gave much satisfaction. Mercury and Belladrum worked on the tan, doing about a mile at a fast pace. Sardonyx and Waxy did a good working gallop on the outside track. The Czar did a good striding gallop on the same ground. Sir Oliver, Golden Butterfly, and Coriolanus did steady work, finishing with a fast half-mile. Respite. Lord Clifton, and Josephine went an extended gallop for a mile, when Josephine was pulled up, and the other two went on for another half-mile. Saionara and Gaming went twice round the outside track, coming home the last half- mile fast Trump Yoss and Brian Boru did a slow gallop for about two miles, and then went on for another mile at a strong pace all the way. Sweetmeat and Lord Burghley did some nice striding work on the tan. Fryingpan was sent a fast half-mile in company with Sunbeam. Whisper and Wizard worked on the tan, doing a fast mile together. Roederer, Whitehorn, and Bessie Clifden did a fast five furlongs on the outer track. Soothsayer, Harp of linen, and Band Albion did a mile gallop at a fast pace. Mr. Crooke's horses were out, and did useful work. Wei hngton, looking very well, had a steady working gallop. Gipsy Cooper did similar work. The Ghost did a fast half-mile. A large number of horses did steady work on the various tracks. The Hon. James White's team of race horses, consisting of Bathurst, Monmouth, Martindale, Segenhoe, Paragraph, and Etna, in charge of Mr. Fennelly, arrived in Melbourne on Monday last overland from Sydney. They will be accommodated during the spring racing season at F. Mortison. stables, near the Racecourse Hotel, Flemington. The trainers in charge of the racehorses which came overland from Sydney on Friday last, do not speak in very complimentary terms of the treatment they received from the railway officials on this side of the Murray. They complain that they had to put up with old-fashioned and inconvenient horse-boxes when better ones were available, and that they were kept without lights on the road. Owners of horses engaged in the Melbourne Cup must bear in mind that the second forfeit of £5 must be declared and paid at the office of the Victoria Racing Club before 4 o'clock on Thursday afternoon. All horses not struck out by that time will be liable for the balance of the sweepstakes, namely, £15. As the day of general entry for the V.R C. Spring Meeting falls on Thursday next, the first day of the V.A.T.C. Meeting, it would be advisable for the owners of racehorses to make their nominations to day, and thus avoid the chance of any oversight in consequence of the bustle always attending a race day. Entries made to day can be withdrawn by telegram or personal notice before 4 pm. on Thursday. We are requested to remind the owners of racehorses engaged in the Caulfield Cup that the remainder of the sweepstakes (£5) must be paid to the VAT C. secretary before 11 o'clock on Friday morning. The secretary of the V.A.T.C. has made arrangements for the sale of tickets to the grand stand enclosure at the Caulfield race meeting at the office of Messrs Thes Cook and Sons, tourist' agents, Exchange, Collins Street. Mr E Jellett's stud of racehorses will be offered for sale to-day, at Kirk's Bazaar, by Mr. W. C. Yuille. They consist of Bosworth, 6 j ra, by Maribyrnong, from Fawn ; President, aged, by Panic; The Nut, a colt, 3 yrs, by Patriarch, from The Doe; and a colt, 2 yrs, by Hercules, from Fantome, bey eral other horses will be offered for sale at the same time, among them being the handsome little Timothy, and a colt by King Cole, from Proposition. The thoroughbred mares purchased in England at the sale of the NeaBdown stud by Mr. A. Yuille arrived in Melbourne yesterday in the steamer Afghan. They consist of Bauve, G yrs, by Blair Athol from Duchess, the dam of Maximilian, who was sold for 3400 guineas as a yearling, and afterwards won the Liverpool Cup , Echo II , G yrs, by Thunderbolt, a son of Stockwell, from Far Away, by Young Melbourne, Penitent, 5 yrs, by RoBiciuuau from Lucy Kilda, by Stockwell. These mares, who are as hand- some as they are well bred, were purchased by Mr. Yuille for Mr. F. H. Stubley, of Charters Towers, Queensland. The following scratchings for the V. A T.C. meeting were posted yesterday -Hurdle Race President, Monitor, Young Alfred. Selling Race Monitor, Puff. Toorak Handi- cap- Is G. Caulfield G uniens-Rhea. Corinthian Race Hilarious Steeplechase-Young Alfred. Caulfield Cup Adventurer. Foal Stakes Chantilly, Scraps colt, and Parachute filly. Findon Harriers Cup- Dragoon, Tomboy and Variable. There was a quiet day yesterday in betting circles, the principal feature in the days business being the support given to Canary for the Caulfield Cup. His owner took all the money in the market from 100 to 8 to 100 to 16 For the Guineas, Wheatear was backed to a small amount at 7 to 4 Santa Claus was at 5 to 2, taken, and the same price was offered about Royal Maid Santa Claus was taken at 8 to 1 for the Caulfield Cap. 10 to 1 was wanted about Canary ; Pirate, Sardonyx, and Respite were quoted at the same price. Santa Claus was pretty freely backed at 10 to 1 for the V RC. Derby. Somerset was at 7 to 2, the Duke at 4 to 1, and Spinningdale at 5 to 1. Somnus and Monmouth were at 8 to 1, and Darebin was quoted at 100 to 15. For the Maribyrnong Plate, Segenhoe was quoted at 7 to 1, Iphigenia and Prince George were at 8 to 1. Mistake was at 10 to 1. The others ranged from 100 to 5 to 100 to 7. A meeting of backers of horses and members of the ring was held at Bowes' Hotel, Bourke-street, for thepurposeofdevisingsome place for settling on the Spring Races other than the public thoroughfares of the city. Dr Bathe occupied the chair. It was decided that the settling on the V.R.C, Derby and Cup should take place at the Victoria Club rooms, and that the settling on all other events should take place from 11 a.m.. till 3 p in at Bowes' Hotel, Bourke street. 