Latest telegrams. [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENTS.] MELBOURNE, THURSDAY. A Cabinet Council is being held, this evening, to arrange the order of business for the session. The annexes of the Exhibition will be removed forthwith, and erected at Spencer street terminus for the storing of produce. Two runaway trucks from Lancefield, when shunting was going on, proceeded down the line at a rapid pace, this morn- ing, and dashed through the gates at Footscray, smashing them to atoms. Messrs. Marshall, Robinson, and Gillies, who had bid over £8,000 for the Ferret, purchased the steamer Macedon, instead for the West Australian trade. Mansfield, the young man who was burned at Hobson Bay railway station, on Tuesday evening, died last night, in the Melbourne Hospital. SYDNEY, THURSDAY, The train from Melbourne was crowded with passengers to the Hawkesbury Races. A brutal fellow named Smith, who threw his infant child across a right-of-way against a wall, has been sentenced to six months' imprisonment. On Tuesday Mr. William Forster gave notice to move on Thursday that this House is of opinion that it would be most satis- factory to this House and to the public if at least no other persons were associated with Mr. Salomons in the Royal Commis- sion, to inquire into the affairs of the Milburn Creek Compy. The Government took this as notice of want of confidence. All business was suspended till this motion has been disposed of. 7.55 P.M. Debate is still going on. CHILTERN, THURSDAY. At the Police Court, this morning, James Kelly and Wild Wright were charged with horsestealing. At the request of the police, the case was postponed for eight days, and the prisoners remanded to Beech- worth gaol. MULWALA TELEGRAPH OFFICE.—The new Telegraph Office was opened at Mulwala on Monday last, Mr. Oscar Smith, late of the Corowa Office being in charge. This innovation will prove a great boon to the residents of the district. RUTHERGLEN POLICE COURT.—On Wed- nesday, before Messrs. Reeve and Burrowes, Js.P., the following case was heard :— Jas. Telford v. John Burke, claim £10 13s., for goods sold and delivered. The Bench gave an order for the amount with 5s. costs. TENDERS FOR MAILS.—We have been re- quested to state that tenders for Mail Services in the Corowa district are now required, the notification concerning them appearing in a recent issue of the Govern- ment Gazette. Forms of tender may be had on application at the local Post Office. HALF HOLIDAY.—In consequence of the football match between the Benalla and Border United clubs being played on the cricket ground, to-morrow, the business people of the town have agreed to close their respective establishments during the time the match is in progress. DUTY STAMPS.—Much inconvenience is frequently caused in the Corowa Post Office, through the want of duty stamps for large amounts, half-crown stamps being the largest kept at the local Post Office. Bills, drafts etc., for anything over £250 must be sent to Sydney before they can be stamped. For a district so important as this the supply of Post Office requisites is much below what might be expected. Postcards, we may state, cannot be had either for love or money. DIAMOND DRILLS.—It having been ascer- tained that five new diamond drills are now on their way to the colony by sea, the residents of the Rutherglen district intend making an attempt to secure one of these for the district. As is well known a large portion of the district is auriferous, and if the many gold bearing loads which have for years been worked in a half- hearted manner were thoroughly tested, doubtless something good would be discovered. The question of petitioning the Government to send one of the drills to this district was discussed after the show meeting on Tues- day night, and special meetings of both the shire and borough councils will most likely be called as soon as possible so that some definite action may be taken in the matter. PROFESSOR TOLMAQUE.—On Monday night this talented magician, mesmerist, and phrenologist will give an entertain- ment in the School of Arts, Corowa. Pro- fessor Tolmaque, is a proficient in all re- lating to his profession, while as a phre- nologist his powers are excelled by none. In his performances elsewhere in this line he has so successfully delineated to the minutest point what were known to be the prevailing characteristics of those subjects who came under his notice, as to cause universal wonder and admiration of his powers. We can personally vouch for Professor Tolmaque's skill in legerdomain and in exposing the tricks of spiritualists and other dealers in humbug who practice on the feelings of the public. Those who patronize Professor Tolmaque on Monday night may depend on a really instructive and amusing entertainment. A DANGEROUS SPORT.—The Southern Argus states that on Friday afternoon, at a wallaby drive at Towrang, an accident happened to a youth named Frank Conlon, telegraph operator at Towrang, by which, unfortunately, he will lose the sight of his left eye. A pellet of large shot hit him on the left eyelid, penetrating it and the left eye, and embedding itself either in the eye or passing through it into the posterior nostril. The same journal also states that on Saturday two more accidents occurred to parties engaged in wallaby drives. One was at Baw Baw, where a young man named Jeffcott received some shot in the face. The other was in the neighbourhood of the Collector, and the party injured was William Poidovin. He had been about 70 yards from the shooter, who was the cause of the accident, and received some BB shot in the groin. FOOTBALL.—On to-morrow (Saturday) the match between the Border United and Benalla clubs for tho premiership of the north-eastern district will be played on the Corowa Cricket Ground, and, provided the day is fine, a splendid display of football may be looked for. The Benalla team will arrive by special train shortly after two o'clock, accompanied by a large number of their supporters. Most complete arrange- ments have been in made for the match, and the ground is in good playing condition. The Border have mustered a first-class twenty, as will be seen by the following list of names, which compose the strongest team that the club has ever sent into the field to do battle for it :—Messrs. Levin (captain), Ritchie (2), M'Donald, Clark (2), Oswald (2), M'Leod, Grimmond, Hiskins, Donnelly, Clayton, Carns, Worthington, Chivell, Whitehead, Thomson (2), Dry- burgh, Senwod, and M'Nab. The match will start punctually at quarter past two. Speaking of the match the North Eastern Ensign says :—It is said many of the Benalla ladies propose taking advan- tage of the special train which is to leave for Corowa on Saturday. The more the merrier ! It is to be hoped that our boys will devote the few remaining days to con- dition. There is nothing like it. The following team will represent Benalla :— Messrs. Kitson, Kain, Moore, Bieske, Chandler, Chadwick (2), Jamieson (2), Gregory (captain), Dodd (3), Penny, De Groot, Rodger, Webster, Wheatland, Red- ding, and Cookson. WOOL CROSSINGS.—The following are the wool crossings sinco odr last issue :— Yanko, 76 bales ; Yathong, 12 ; Coonong, 66; Momalong 112 ; RR, 22. RAILWAY TRAFFIC—Since our last issue there were trucked at tho Wahgunynh Railway Stations— 1,830 head sheep, 75 head cattle, 21 hhds. wine, 107 bales of wool. WAHGUNYAH POLICE COURT.—On Tues- day 23rd before F. W. Browne, Esq. J. P., Herry Anderson, a specimen of the genus larrikin, from the vicinity of Carlton, was charged with being drunk and disorderly, and fined 2s. 6d., or in default 24 hours' imprisonment. STOCK CROSSINGS.—The following stock have crossed at Wahgunyah since our last issue—August 21. 8,215, sheep, from Wagga Wagga to Euroa, Martin Shan- nahan, owner ; 1,153 sheep from Jerilderie to Melbourne, Messrs. Peterson and Bargood, owners; 330 sheep, from Quat Quatta to Melbourne, Hon. J. A. Wallace, owner. 22nd. 200 sheep from Corowa to Melbourne, Messrs. Piggin, owners. 23rd. 49 cattle with calves from Quat Quatta to Melbourne, Hon J. A. Wallace, owner. ERRATUM.—In speaking of Mr. Carkeet's departure from Rutherglen, last week, we mentioned that his successor was a son of the late Mr. Dight, member for one of the Ballarat constituencies. The sentence should have read late member for one of the Ballarat constituencies, as Mr. Dight is still in the land of the living, whereas our paragraph unintentionally conveyed an opposite idea. The explanation is rendered necessary through Mr. Dight having numerous friends in this district. PAINTING PORTER.—The lady passen- gers at a station not very far from Mr. Dacey's hotel and the big mill, got a fright (says the Cootamundra Herald) the other night. A person representing himself as a porter did the round of the carriages with the customary porter's cry, and poking his head into each carriage as he went along. He was disgusted at the effect. One lady fainted, imagining herself to be "stuck up" and mistaking the porter for Ned Kelly's ghost, though he looked more like a Red Indian from the war-path. The explanation is that the said porter whilst asleep had his face raddled by some larrikins. RUTHERGLEN PUBLIC PARK.—Further improvements are being effected in the park. On the slope, on the opposite side of the reservoir from the town, about twenty acres have been ploughed, and will, as soon as possible, be planted with lucerne. This plant possesses the merit of retaining its verdancy through a protrac- ted drought, and once established, its growth is permanent. Being valuable as a fodder plant the work, while adding materially to the aspect of the park, is likely to prove reproductive. A large number of now trees, principally elms, have been lately planted, and, by show time, the grounds promise to look exceedingly well THE CARLYLE HORSE SHOOTING CASE. At the Bcechworth Police Court, on Tues- day and Wednesday last, John Shaw and Charles Hopkins were charged with having wilfully and maliciously shot two mares, the property of James Humphrey, resident near Rutherglen. Inspector Montfort prosecuted, Mr. Tuthill being retained for the defence. The evidence of the following witnesses was taken:—James Humphrey, senr., James Humphrey, junr., Richard Robinson, Henry Smith, Benjamin Oliver, Susan Smith, Arthur Collin, Constable Gribbin, Senior-constable Strahan, and Detective Considine. Both prisoners were committed to stand their trial at the Beechworth Court of Assize to be held on the 14th of October. FOR WINE- GROWERS.—A telegram was yesterday received from the Agent-General informing the Government that an exhibi- tion of wine-growing and wine-making appliances is to be held at Cornelliano, near Venice, from the 1st until the 20th November, and the Premier has requested that publicity should be given to the fact, in order that the Victorian vignorons may take advantage of the earliest opportunity for inquiring as to the proposed character of the display, and with respect to the dates upon which entries must be made and the exhibits delivered. He apprehends that a mistake has been made in the trans- mission of the message, and that it is in- tended that the display shall also include wine and other grape products. CURE FOR ASTHMA.—Mr. Henry Menere, for many years a resident in this district, and who was himself for fourteen years a great sufferer from the complaint, has discovered a rapid and certain cure for asthma and chronic bronchitis. The remedy consists of some herbal decoction, the burning fumes of which when inhaled produce almost immediate relief. We have received copies of testimonials and as we are personally acquainted with many of the gentlemen who forward them, can vouch for their accuracy. Several of the Melbourne physicians have adopted the remedy in their practice, and as it is sold at a cheap rate viz., 3s. 6d. per tin, it will without doubt prove a great boon to those suffering from this troublesome com- plaint. WILD WRIGHT.—At the Wangaratta Police Court, on Saturday last, before Mr. William Bickerton, J.P., Isaiah Wright, familiarly known as "Wild Wright," was brought up on a charge of having been drunk and disorderly on the previous evening, on which occasion he visited the circus in company with James Kelly, brother to the deceased outlaws. The evidence of the police went to show that although Wright was very noisy, Kelly behaved himself in a quiet manner. It would appear that having a little cash in hand and time to indulge in a holiday, Wright came in to town to have a little fun, and amused himself firing off his re- volver, and other little antics, but the visit had no other significance than that of a bushman enjoying a bit of a spree. The Bench fined him 5s., in default 6 hours. Wright paid the fine, thanking His Worship for his leniency. ARREST OF JAMES KELLY AND WILD WRIGHT—The township of Chiltern was considerably excited on information arriv- ing that two notable arrests had been made in Barnawartha, and that the parties, James Kelly and Wild Wright, were both safely lodged in the Chiltern lock-up. It seems, from the news at present to hand, that Constable Hedberg, stationed at Bar- nawartha, when at McNeill's hotel, looking over the daily papers, on Tuesday evening, recognised Wright from having seen him at Benalla, and also Kelly from photo- graphs supplied. He left the hotel as soon as convenient, after informing the publican that he was aware of the two visitors. On inquiry, he found that certain horses were in a paddook, where they had been left by two men; but not being able to make out the brands, he waited for a better oppor- tunity to act, and about 1 o'clock in the morning rode to Chiltern and secured the services of Constable Dungey. Returning together, they watched, and finally arrested the two men, taking from under the pillow whereon Kelly had slept a revolver loaded in six chambers. Both were taken with- out any resistance being offered. It is worthy of remark, that while drinking at the bar of the hotel Wright was heard to say "Now !" and his companion, in return, was noticed to stroke his face in a peculiar manner, this being supposod to be a signal for some course of action, but for reasons known only to themselves not carried out. The prevailing opinion is that a case of sticking-up has been thwarted. It is said that the men went from Greta to Barna- wartha; and considering they have ad- mitted to having ridden the horses found in the paddock, of Mrs. McKeone, across the road, great credit is due to the energy and promptness of the troopers for effect- ing such a capture. THE RIVER.—The Murray, at Wahgun- yah, last night, was nine feet above summer level and and falling. TENDERS.—The Rutherglen Shire Council invito tenders for tho following works tip to noon on Saturday, the 3rd of September.; Flans and specifications may' be inspectod at tho Shire Offico:— (1.) Grabbing nnd clearing road eastward from Donoghue's farm — 40 chains. (2.) Grubbing and clearing road between Swnrer mid Trimble's farms — 04 chains', (3.) Grubbing and clearing 3-chnin - road- north and east from Mr. Smith's vinoyard, Wah gunynh. (4.) Grabbing and clearing rood from Plemming'8 farm towards Chiltern. (5.) Grubbing and oleariug - road from Shaw's farm to sohool, near Rutherglcn. (6.) Metalling formation from- 8to wart's Blnuglitorynrd. towards Ruthorglon — 70 chains. (7.) Formation nnd Metalling 22 chnins, extending from Borough boundary to Miller's, on Brown's Plains-road. (8.) Repairs to toad from hear Black Hog Creok towards Ruth'crglen, along Railway line. (9.) Formation of main road from Brown's Plains Sohool eastward to Etohison's farm Aquatics. — Tho Walker Whisky Trpphy ib now engrossing a largo sharp of the attention of our aquatic world,, arid the leading competitors in tho ovonb are eagerly scanned by their adaiirere and supportors. Laycock and Power are training at Rydo; Rash, W. Trickett, Reynolds, and Mac- donnld aro located at Gladosville; and Pcarco is actively practising, at Doublo Bay. Tho Brothers Edwards aro daily expeoted from Melbourne, and it is likely that they, too, will receive their finishing touches nt Rydo. Laycock will row ' an English built craft, wbilo Rush, Trickott, and Macdouald will compote in boats from Donnelly and Sullivan's famous shed. Tho laBt-uamcd scullor was for some timo in danger of being left without a racing boat, bnt Mr. Middleton, in a very sportsraanliko manner, gavo up his now wngcr-boat to . him. Rash has also per formed a similar generous action, having allowed W. Trickett to use one of the two built for himself by Donnelly and Sullivan. The betting at present is in favour of Laycock for first place and Rush for the second, the third position being considered a very open one for Power, Pearce, Rey- nolds, and Robert Edwards, of Melbourne. A BISHOP FOR RIVERINA.—The Hay Standard has "been informed by a gentle- who returned to Hay last week from Sydney, that it is intended to divide the present diocese of Goulburn, as the present Bishop — Dr. Thomas—finds that it is too large for one to properly control, and that in all probability the residence of the new pre- late, when appointed, will be Hay, as being the most central town in Riverina. The Hon. John Campbell, of Sydney, who is well known for his liberality to the Church of England, has promised the splendid sum of £10,000 to the diocese of Goulburn, part of which will be set apart as an endowment for the proposed new bishopric. We need hardly say that this will be a wise step, and one that will largely tend to the spiritual welfare of this and the surrounding district, and we hope the proposal will speedily be carried into effect." Hay has a reputation for starving out clergymen and it will be interesting and curious to watch its treatment of a Bishop—when it gets one. The Hay Standard, of course, says that Hay is the most central town in Riverina, but we know of another town, vastly more im- portant (to us), which could put forward some very good reasons why it should be selected as the residence of the new prelate. It is just about time that some public spirit was manifested in matters religious and civic in Corowa or in the race of progress it will soon occupy no very enviable position. It is fact that the Church of England people in Corowa are somewhat apathetic in some matters which are worthy of the closest attention, and the remarks apply to matters temporal as to things spiritual. It is also a fact that unless active unanimity take the place of unanimous lethargy we may calculate that, instead of the district being what it was plainly intended by Na- ture to be—the home of industrial wealth and prosperity, years hence will find it but little improve, and it will be left to a suc- ceeding generation to make up for our lost time and neglected opportunities. There is some room for doubt that the geographical position of Corowa, considered in its relation to the question, is in any way, if at all, inferior to that of Hay, and judging from the history of the past, it is most reasonable to expect that the Church of England people in Corowa and district would respond more liberally than those of Hay to calls for support of the church, and more important than all, perhaps, it boasts a climate in which it is some comfort to live—Which is more than can be said for the other place. SCIENCE AND THE BIBLE—The annual meeting of the Victoria Philosophical Institute of Great Britain took place at the house of the Society of Arts, London, on the 30th of June, the Right Hon, the Earl of Shaftesbury, K.G., in the chair. The meeting was very fully attended. Prior to the delivery of the address, "On the Credibility of the Supernatural," by the Right Hon. the Lord O'Neill, the honorary secretary, Captain F. Petrie read the report, from which it appeared that the total number of members was now upwards of 900, a greater number than usual, especially of colonial supporters, having joined in the past year, during which papers and short communications written in furtherance of the Society's objects,—namely, the investigation of philosophical and scientific questions, especially those said to militate against the truth of Revelation,—had been contributed by several leading men of science, includ- ing his Grace the Duke of Argyll, K.G., F.R.S., Sir J. Fayrer, F.R.S., Professors Stokes, F.R.S., Boyd Dawkins, F.R.S., J. W. Dawson, F.R.S., Nicholson, F.R.S.E., Balfour Stewart, F.R.S., Mr, J. Bateman, F.R.S., and other Fellows of the Royal Society, besides Professor Hughes, Dr. Rassam, and others. The report closed with a special tribute to the newspaper press. The treasurer's report showed that a considerable advance had been made by the Institute. Amongst the speakers were Sir H. Barkly, K.C.B., G.C.M.G., F.R.S., Sir J. Fayrer, K.C.S.I., F.R.S., who stongly urged that the Society's mode of fully and impartially investigating scientific ques- tions was of spceial importance ; the Christian philosopher need never fear for the results of investigations so conducted for the Books of Nature and Revelation had the same author, and if the former were fairly and impartially inquired into, the result would not clash with the latter. Mr J. E. Howard, F.R.S., Mr A. M'Arthur, M.P., the Master of the Charterhouse, and others having spoken, the meeting then ad- journed to the Musoum, were refreshments were served. 