"DESERTED FARMS." (From the Christian World) A STRANGE phase of the extremities to which English agriculture has been reduced is r vealed in anarticle entitled "Deserted Firm ', which appeared in the Jaily 'News. Whether, some modern Goldsmith will sing in pathetic strains the mournful desolation of thesealan doned homesteads, we know not, but erthin it is that few can read the account giveh by ourcontemporaryof thepreisent stateof lritih farming without feeling that the time hasim for a radical change to bo made in the land system of this country. Farms left for a time upon the hands of the owners, and tilled by the latter until tenants to.occupy them cold be found, have not been uncommon, but.lsree acres of fertile soil growing only tllistlrsandd charlock, farmyards as silent is dlc ivrdhrdo and farmhouses tenanted, if at all, only iy the ghosts of a past generation of opulent farmeri have, happily, been hitherto unknown in Eng. land. Now, we are assured,in Cambridgeshire, in Suffolk, in Wiltshire, and probably in other counties, theownersof farms, which were gven up after last year's miserable and hopeles struggle with the elements, have shrunk from the task of cultivating them, and thel ornields that once laughed with golden harvests, anl the meadows that were once dappled with sleek kine, have become veritalhle wildernw.ss?a and the desolate haunts of wild animals. In one fertile vale in the chalk districtssosmesis or seven thousand acres, which not long agp commanded rents approaching 25s. per acre, with a tithe-rent charge averaging about It per acre, and local rates amounting to 2s. $d in the pound, are now not thought, even by the landlords, worth spending money upon. Is the English farmer, then, to be abolishedl Are the great landowners destined to become little better than titled paupers Will the desolating wave of agricultural distress roll on and submerge all the goodly shores of our once " merrie" England ? In the vale to wchic reference has been made, a farm, the rent of which, two or three years ogo, was £1,200, now lets for £600. But we do not hblieve that this enormous depreciation of rents nced be generally feared. Alterations in the law of landlord and tenant are plainly cilled for, which, whilst, in the first instance depriving the former of old feudal privileges which hI has been unfortunately accustomed to Ill " rights," will in the end save him from being the poverty-stricken owner of deserted lands, or of lands from wliicli hut a moietyof the present rental can be derived. Colupei' sation for unexhausted inmproveiments must, in the first place, be secured to the farmer. In Ulster, and in parts of Lincolnshirethis i; already the law. -The concession of what is so manifestly just and right cannot be long refused to the agriculturists geneirlly of Grat Britain and Ireland. When the farmer khows that what lie expends upon the soil is not liable to go into the pocket of the landlod, he will deal more liberally with the land, heaier crops will be reaped, and fair rent Will b readily paid. The grievance which tie pr sent law of distress also constitutes must IN swept away, and the landlord must be placed upon the footing of other creditors. The - mer's credit with his banker and all others with whom lie has transactions will be thereb strengthened, and the facilities for making lm business profitable consequently increased. The manner in which country rates are assessed and administered calls also for radical change. We pass over now the ques tion of entail, but it cannot be doubted that a system which allows a son to itahert his father's lands whilst repudiating tha ll atie debts, and represses and circumscribes ill agricultural enterprise, cannot, il .dhs li.t these, count upon the survival which pertal, only to the fittest of institutions. We (Queenslander) are glad to ea our local field gardeners a tnd bea, liht gardcners and ,mnev ao thO growers are taking more generl to e lgrat one-horse ploughs which are ua to so ger an extent by market gardeners n ae The European who will use hore lablr every possible occasion, plant all and crops in long straight ro , ligh heavily, and use frequently b oth f tile plough and the horse hoe, .need rdener competition of the Asiatic. To ". is li whose soil is sandy or a light le, or iso a good mechanical condition, we c. ifod preference for the light Am^inr wheel. ploughs as worked without a coulter or These may be used to great advan e lifted yard and orchard work, for they or crliwe, easily about and around any tr.nd it eco" Gentlemen with gardens would rounds nt mise the cost of keeping the!ir gr s fruit and productive to plant tlirhe ai Vior' trees, and shrubberies so that the o?a this could be done by.a horse and on light ploughs. s ublicit The Mark Lane E?Lpres' g'v"s 1'hic to a statement to the effect thato b'a hbs been saturated with a sol tiPu o o and nitre, if scattered oiln lea . ll sheaves when ricis are being bil ll kel' rats and miice from the stack. :'GraBritjia Tlle incoll, tax v,'luation 0 . GlOO. is 1uo1v 134,000,000 higher thau i 