MY LOVE . Bv E. Ltx:i Lixtsx, Aotiioh of " Patricia " Tils Atcxkmf.xt of Lkaji Dux- bas." " U.vder Which Loiu>'i" &c.; CiiAnnr. YLTV. — Lovk's Shadow. — Date. Tho euro of tlio boy v.as now complete, anu Angnsta bad to return bnmo. Not many letters liR'l passed between her and her mother, and those which had been written were Oil on tho daughter s side. The terrible old woman was a had scribe at tho best ; and of late lior bodily activities in every direction hnd nnliee-ihlv decreased, and she iatd aside all exertion which she was net absolutely obliged to undergo. Certainly sho bid aside that, to her quite unnecessary, work of supererogation, a correspondence with her daughter : and only grunted, in her peculiar manner, withlcssplcasuro than doubt and critical distaste, when sno re- coircd one of Augusta's letters, largely written, fluent in word, flowing in form, and telling sub stantially nothing Not oven telling the impor tant fpet that Sandro Kemp and his cousin I'.thcl White were in the same lintel as themselves ; that tlicy all went out together to that memor able Castlo, and on to the crimson sunset-lighted sands ; and that words had been spoken which could never bo recalled," and hy which the whole history of lifo had been changed for both mother aud daughter. . All this bad to wait until afi'airs were some what arranged, when Augusta would say it bee to face, nnd take tho consequences bravely, nbe knew what those consequences would be, and sho did not see the wisdom of anticipation and pre maturity. Her heart light, her winsome face beautified hy her inner joy, her pleasant laugh clear as silver bells, Augusta returned to tho home which had been essentially her prison as one fortified by a chann from all evil, present aud to come. Tho old woman, keen as a hawk to see all changes : in tho world around her, caught almost at a glanco tho now spirit which sat like a crown on her daughter's head. 11 What is it ?" she asked herself. " What has sho dono, or what i3 she going to do ? Sho has done something, and I must find out what it is." But she said nothing on that first evening ; sho thought she would wait for an opening, and, when that was made, then sho would enter and put all to the rout. That unknown something which ailed herself had been rather troublesome of late ; and when that was troublesome her temper gene rally followed suit, U3 thoto who formed her household knew to their cost. Meanwhile she sat In her easy chair, with her heavy old eyebrows lowered over her small keen eyes, watching her daughter's brightened face, with its radiant crown of secret joy, as her cat might have watched a bird on tho lawn, waiting for the moment when it should como near enough for that fatal spring to be mado. Tho noxt day passed as this first evening had done ; Augusta said littlo about what had liap- ponod at St. Anne's, and nothing at all about Sandro Kemp. For she, like her mother, was waiting an opportunity and the fit moment, and would not open tlio bag before the run for tho creature within wa3 opon and assured. But tho silence of- suspicion on the ono side, and of re- servenn the other, made itself felt between them as the dead stillness of the coming storm presages the furious outbreak at hand. It was Sunday. All Highwood had assembled as usual in tbe church porch after service, where the returned travellers wcro greeted with as much animation of welcome as if they had boon to the North Bole, and had como back laden with sealskin and frco of frostbites. Everyone wns, what the slang of tho day calls, in " good form," and tlio elixir of life ran bright and clear for each nnd all. Tho Doves were especially beaming nnd resplendent : their saucy faces were all over dimples ; their hold black roving eyes shone like brightly polished spheres of ebony set in ivory ; and Gip, re-transformed from hor late sharp and vinegary larva to something even beyond her .old buoyant, breezy, liigh- mettied solf, and what she would havo called a jolly good fellow to all tho world, and in splendid case all round. To Stella Brans- combo, to whom sho liad been so cruel and spite ful in tbo dark days gone by, now that sho know her jealousy to ho a mere ghost of which sho held tho substance, sho was liko tho most affec tionate sister. It oeoined as if sho tried to make np for her ill-hnmor and roughness by a "corres ponding excess of sweetnoss and followship. "Dear Stella I how prim you look !" she said, in her clear, ringing tones, squeezing tho girl's hand till sho nearly mado her cry out with pain. "How awfully jolly to havo you back again ana to see 5"Our dear littlo face look a mito more round and rosy than it did. You're not quite up to your old self yet, but you aro not such a peaky lark as you were by milos. It was so awfully nico to see you in your old place again, I declare I conld not say my prayers as I ought for looking at you." "I am so glad to see you look so well, Goorgie," answered Stella, smiling in her sweet . way ; a little surprised at the exuberance of this greeting, but glad that tho cloud had passod and that Gcorgie Pennefather had "come out of the sulks" as Gcorgie herself would havo said. " Oh ! Patrick and mo, wo aro always right as trivets !" said that, slangy, fast, objeetioniiblo young person, laughing and looking at lior sister significantly, and Pip, taking np the cue, laughed ami gave back tho significant look with ffitercst, shouting as her reply— "Gcorgie is righler than any trivet, ain't you, George?" "Bather," said the twin Dove, a wild outburst of irrepressible hilarity tumbling from her lips like a cascade of jocund waters. "And how was old. Sandro Kemp, Augusta?" asked Gip, when she had dono with Stella. "Yal told ns what a jolly little party you mado. Yal came here, yon know, a littlo while after ho left St, Anne's, and gavo ns all tho news, h'nucy old Sandro and that Miss White with yon ? "What larks ! — jam for some one, I should sny, Augu9a, should not you ?" with impudent merriment "poking fun " at the end of a quarter-staff. Colonel Monoyponny, who bad been speaking in a low voice, and with manifest gallantry to tho fair widow, caught tho hated naino as a niau catches the echo of a challenge. Ho stiffened himself as if on parade, ond fixed his fiery eyes on Augusta's, asking hor in plain language— if looks can bo called plain language—" What did it mean?" and had it been the "jam" of tho Pcnnefathers' vernacular to have had Sandro Kemp's society at St. Anne s ? He looked in vain. That waxen mask cf mind- loss amiability, for which Augusta Latrohe was famous, camo over her face liko a shadow, hiding the truth, and lier real soul beneath the vacant sweetness which was her favorite weapon of de fence. ... "It was very pleasant to have them there," she answered. "Mr. Kemp is always good- natured' and Mm. White."— (" That was Cyril Ponsonby's cbnm," shouted Gip, parenthetically.)" "Mrs. White is a very remarkable kind of woman," continued Augusta, not noticing the parenthesis. "What way?" asked Gip, elliptical when sho was not vnlgar,;and ungrnmmatical always. ' "She is a thorough Anglo-Indian," said Augusta, as if litis were xn explanation. "And flirta like fun nil round," cried Gip. Augusta laughed that vacant, mindless little laugh of bora which meant nothing, " Why, alio tried it on Val, who hated her, and on old Kemp as well," said Gip. " But Val said that didn't run ! Old Kemp knew better, than that, and so did someono else, didn't they, Augnsta?" ; " Mr. Kemp did not flirt with her, so far as I; could see," answered Augusta, with a kind of crass litcralncss which makes an effectual harrier ' against further conversation; atleast with most people. It did nothing with. Georgia Penne father. '"But it he did' not with her, he did with someone else," she said in a loud whisper, "nnd from what Yal said wo may bo looking ont for orange blossoms in good earnest this time. Oh, you sly- hoots ! oh, my Augusta-! Those spoons then were true ; and yon looking all tho time as if butter wonld not molt in your mouth !" . Augusta laughed again. It might be in de preciation or in acceptance of tho charge, who can tell? Not even Colonel Moneypenny, watch ing her so closely, nor Dr. Quiglcy who was watching both. "I was not aware that Mr. Kemp was one of your party," the Colonel then said slowly, his faco livid, his deep-set eyes' burning like two coals blazing from iuuoug the ashes. "" No ?" answered Augusta, y,c eyes raised to the level of Ins cravat, not ly.yond. " He came thero with his cousin a "Vex alter we went." " And stayed tlierc-cu ike time?" " Yes, we left etieni ><11 there," she answered with the prcfliestxir ofgirlisli frankness and tho most admirably-aetcd indifference. \- published by special arrangement with the author All rigb-s reserved. . . .. " When is it to be, Augnsta?" asked Gip. . . " YTlien is what to be, Georgio ?" answered "the ' widow. " Orange blossoms and old Kemp," laughed that saucy minx. "All, when," said Augusta ; " I will tell .you when yon wear your orango blossoms for. Yal Cow ley," she added, drawing lier bow at a venture ; Stella with her father and tho rest of Hie High- wooditcs, being a little iu advance and qnitc out of hearing. "I'll lake yon at your word !" shouted Gip, as she and Pip, laughing liko two mad creatures, rushed off down tho turn which led from the high road to Sherrardine. "Sho had you there, Gcorgie," Laughed Pip; " I wonder if she knows 1" "Oh, it was only a flnke," Raid Gip. "But who cares ? It'll havo to bo told soon, I don't care how soon, nnd I dou't care who knows, do you, Patrick ?" 1 "No, lam too awfully jolly about it to want to kcop it dark," said Pip ; nnd her sister answered frankly, "So am I." Too much or too little had been said for tho colonel's peace. It was or it was not, and in any case ho must know which. Fortunately he bad not committed himself, and fortunately for his dignity he had not mado that offer which had more than onco been so near, and which a merci ful Providence hud always prevented. Bnt ho must know the truth. For his own sake ho must be put into possession of facts as they stood : and if Mrs. Latrobo would not confido in him of her own free will, bo must forco her band, as ho had tried in vain to do once before. But this time something had told him that ho should ho more successful. " You were much with your old friend?" ho began, in his thin rasping voice, ns tho main body of Qighwoodites moved ulong tbe high road. " Yes, very much," said Augusta, with her most inane smile. "And ho was as' charming ns evor 1" returned the Colonel. " I did not seo any difference in him," sho said. "You were always his advocate, I remember," said the Colouel. She smiled again. " Yes ? Was I ?" she replied ; adding, " What a lovely day this is." "Where does Mr. Kemp live now, and what does bo do sinco ho camo into his fortune ; that fortnno. of which, hy all accounts, ho stood so much in need ?" asked tho Colonel. "Ho has been away," she said, "and I do not know what ho does." "No! You do not know what ho does? That is strange," lie returned with satirical em phasis. "Is it?" she replied qnito good tcmperodlr. "How beautiful those distant hills aro?" "You nre glad to return to your «o!d homo thou?" said tho Colonel, suddenly changing front and speaking with tenderness as little designed as his bitterness has been. "Homo iB always home," was the safe re joinder. "And you will not leave us-again ?" "My trunks aro not packed," Bke returned with a swoct little smile. " You will stay hero for evor among ns ? We miss you so much whon you go i " The Colonel spoke with still more pronounced tenderness. At tho samo timo his eyes wero bloodshot and fiery, and his smilo was more acid than sweet. " You aro Tery good," sho returned. " I should liko to keep you for over," said tho Colonel. "Do you remember how happy wo were that stormy day when my house was your shelter?" " When was that?" said Augusta,. as if con sidering. " Oh, yes ! I remember now, I took shelter in yonr bouso from the snowstorm ; what a dreadful day it wns !" " My house was then a real shelter ?" ho asked in a lowered voice. " Well, tbo snow did not como in through the roof, so I snpposo it was I" said the widow, lightly. "'What a contrast-between that dayand this ?" "That was the happier for me," said Colonel Moneypenny. "You liko winter best. I like- spring and summer," she said, "And tho soa-sido hotter than the inland " country?" he asked. Angusta put on hor mask oloso and tight. "Sometimes," she said, with tho very sublimity of vacuity. " It all depends." " On what ?" "On tho weather," she answered, holding ont her hand as thoy camo up to the Laurels. "Good-bye, Colonel Moneypenny. Good-bye," dear," to Stella, who was walking with Itandolph Mackenzie. "Take care of yourself, dear child," sho added with tenderness. Stella whispered, "Has ho found out?" and by her whisper, which ho could not hear, excited tho man's suspicion and jealousy afresh. All that night Colonel Moneypenny lay awake, half mad with this jealousy, this suspicion which burned like fire, nnd ran like poison in his veins. Baffled as he had been, ho was far from being convinced that -Augusta's, apparent unconcern was real, and ho determined to have it ont. Cost what it might, his self-respect demanded that he should know the truth. Wherefore, full of this determination, ho went to tho Laurels tho next day, as ho had dono onco before, prepared to dig the pit into which tho woman, for whom his lovo often took tho form of love's shadow — hate — should fall, this time never to rise ugain. The greetings were given, and ail the proper formalities of preliminary courtesy woro .gone through, even more punctiliously than usual. It was the salnto of the duollist, tho lmnd-shako of the prize-ring, after tho caps had been thrown down to show that they are "thero." ' ' What kind of a person is Mrs. Wliito ?" asked tho Colonel, tufning to Angnsta and speaking suddenly. "In what way?" replied tho widow, tho color beginning to mount her face very slowly, very quietly, but unmistakeably ; "in beauty or character?" "Both," he said. Mrs. Morshcad looked a little lost. " What Mrs. White ?" she asked. "Mr. Kemp's cousin," said Augnsta, ns steadily as if she had said Tony's new hat. Then, to give tlic conversation a turn, if possible, she added: "Sho is tho person about whom, and Cyril Ponsonby, all that mistake and gossip was mado in the winter." " It was odd, was it not, that sho should have gone to St. Anne's withont her husband, and only escorted. by a man like Mr. Kemp? Cousin or not, that was a littlo queer, I think." Colonel Moneypenny said this with his well known acid smile ; that smile which, more than all else, expressed the burning passion which ho did bis best to conceal. " They have been brought up together, and are like brother and sister, and Captain White is in India," said Augnsta, neither faltering nor quailing, for all that her mother's eyes woro fixed on ber with ominous surprise, with sharp suspicion, and with tho very darkness of latent wrath. - "Still itnrgues a large nmonnt of trust in Captain White," said Colonel Moneypenny, still smiling in his sharp, acid way. He could not have known that you would have been there to net as a— what shall I say ? I cannot say chape ron, but rather as aconnter-charui, a inoro power- ful attraction." "He probably knew both his wife and his cousin, when he sent Ethel : liomo," replied Au gusta tranquilly as to manner, but tho tell-tale flush had deepened now to burning crimson on hor iace. " What does all this mean ?" asked Mrs. Mors hcad. . . She had been sitting in her chair, stiff and up right as if she had been cased in iron ; her eye brows nearly meeting and hor eyes almost con cealed. beneath their shaggy fringe. " Was that sign- painter, Sandy Kemp, at St. Anne's, Au gusta ?" " Yes, mamma," answered her daughter. " And you spoke to him ?" "Yes." " Were good friends with him ? As if nothing had happened," asked tho mother. Colonel Moneypennyanghed in a forced affected rasping kind of way. "Quite good friends and something more, it report speaks true !" ho said with pretended lightness. "Come now, confess, Mrs. Latrobe, was it not so ?" "Really, Colonel Moneypenny, yonr question is too enigmatical, either to answer or to under stand," eaid Augusta, sh'e.alio laughing with affected lightness. " Don't , be hypocritical, Augusta," said her mother, savagely. "Colonel Monypcnny is quite easy to understand, and you know he is ; and uuswct that question directly. Yjcrc you good friends with Sandy Kemp, nnd something more?" . Tho young widow looked nt lior molher, and' from her to lier former lover, now hor bitterest enemy. She vras not defiant, not- insolont, but sho was calm nnd strong, and ns if prepared for all encounters. She seemed to draw ber graceful figure somewhat together, ns if she stiffened her shoulders aud strengthened her neck to hear and to boar triumphantly. " Yes," she said, in a low, clear voice, wo nro good friends — friends and something more, for life." Colonel Jfoncs-pcnny's livid faco grew nspalo ns the face of a dying man ; then tho blood camo back into his thin, worn checks, ns if a hot flood ot fire poured through his vein — "I thought so !" ho said, in a suffocated voice. " I knew it months ago !" " Then you knew what I did not," said Au gusta. " Our meeting at St. Anne's was by chance." " You sit there, Augusta, and quietly tell mo tliat.vou lovo that impudent fellow," asked Mrs. Morshcad, witii portentous stillness. " Yes, ranrhma, I do : I am sorry you do not. Yon wonld if yon let yourself know him," answered her daughter. " You are going to marry him ?" " Yes, mamma." "Then before Colonel Moneypenny I sny it, you leave my honre to-day ; you and your boy. No second wife shall darken my doors with her shameless sin ; and I wonld rather seo a daughter of mine in her grave tlinn the wifo of Sandy Kemp. Yon have chosen between him and mc, Augusta. Go to your precious bargain, and never lot mo s-c yonr face again ! Yon are no daughter of mine, and never have been !" " Mrs. Morsliead !" remonstrated the Colonel. His revenge bad a littlo over-stopped itself, lie had wanted to pnnlsh tlio woman, whom onco ho had loved,- but not to this extent. TJii3 retribution svas too savage, too severe, oven for such a rev.cnge as his, and for such nn offoncoas hers. " Do not plead for me, Colonel Moneypenny 1 " flashed out Augusta, turning round on him with what was, in her, so rare an outburst of passion. "Leave my mother and me to settle our own affairs by ourselves. Bo satisfied with whnt you liavo already done, nnd leave tbe rest alone. Yon have revenged yourself enough." Ho started to his feet. " I might havo done more," ho said, cruelly, "and wero I not a gentleman and o man of honor, I would." Pbe shrugged her shoulders with a disdainful gesture. That was her sole answer to his assertion of gentlehood and honor. " If you have more to say, say it out, Colonel Moneypenny," said Mrs. Morshcad, who, in this little passage at arms, secretly sided with her daughter, liking her spirit. " Madam," said tho Colonel, grandly. " I re spect your ago too much to afflict you more than you aro afflicted already ; nnd to your daughter I leave tho stings of her own conscience. Good day, madam, and accept my sympathy ; you need it." With no word of adieu to Angnsta, ho turned and left the room, leaving the mother and daugh ter together nnd alone. " Now, Augusta," said Mrs. Morsbead, as the bonso-door shut ngainst tho young widow's foe, " you know whnt is before you ; you don't sleep another night in this house, neither you nor yonr boy. So go and pack, nnd never dare to cross this threshold again. If I want you I will send for you ; and I think I would rather die by tbe roadside than do that. No, don't como near mo Augusta. I don't want to wish yon good-byo ; yon havo deceived mo all through, and now, I have done with you and yours for over. Go, and don't camo back to take leave, only let mo know that you havo gono, and that I shall never - seo you again." "Mamma!" said Augusta, in a pleading voice. "If you do not want mo to lay ray curse on yon, Augusta — a mother's curse, a dying woman's enrse — leavo mo now nnd for erer," almost shontod Mrs. Morshcad, carried ont of herself by passion. "Leavo me, you bad, ungrateful, shameful girl 1. Would that yon had never been born 1" So Colonel Moneyponny's work had not been quite fruitless to-day, and Love's shadow, Hate, had fallen in good truth with power across tho young widow's path. Presently Mrs. Morshcad rang tho- drawing- room boll twice, sharply. "Take mo to bed, Martha," sho said, febbly, when her maid appeared. "Take mato-bed. I have had my death-blow." 