BROADBRIM'S iV/i'lF YORK LETTERS. The holidays are over, and, after a course of mild dissipation, wo have sottled down once moro to square and honest toil, pre paring ourselves for tho tremendouspossibili ties of 1881. It is possible that tho year, up.in tho threshold of which we now stand, may go out liko the most gentle of lauibsj but that it has come in liko a lion there is not tho slightest doubt, and a misjhty roaring linn at that. Such terrible freezing weather as we have had is certain to bring suffering everywhere ; but in this great babel are thousands who live daily from hand to mouth, who rise in tho morning without knowing where their breakfast is coming from, and who never think of dinner till hunger presses them at high noon, and who trust to chance for the shelter that covers them at night. Of this class of people wo havo nearly forty thousand, and this vast army has to be fed and sheltered every day. There are thousands more who are sus tained by our regularly organised charities worthy poor, who would sooner perish than bet,'. Unfortunately, this is the class that suffers most in our midst, for tho brawling, impudent beggar can generally get enough to carry him through the day. A story was told last week of a wealthy woman who had disbursed nearly a hundred thousand dollars in private charity, and on a careful review of her good work she arrived at the conclusion that she had been swindled out of about 95,000 dolls, of it. I hardly think that a moro profitable novel could be written that one entitled tho Romance of Beggary. The subterfuges resorLed to to en sure success are both wonderful and inge nious, and demonstrate a -very high order of talent in that particular direction. Not long since, an eminent clergyman, whose name is known in every portion of the Union, found a lady waiting for him in his studio on his return from a pastoral visit. She was fair to look upon, and was clad in the deepest mourning. She told him she was a clergy man's daughter, whose death only a short time before, in England, had caused quite a profound sensation in religious circles. She a-iked the clergyman if he had ever heard of her father, which he had, of course; in fact his own father, who was an eminent minister, knew him well. She told him that on tho death of her father she had accepted a situ ation as governess in the family of an Ameri can gentleman, whom she accompanied to the United States, but on her arrival in New York sho discovered that her new patron was an unprincipled villain who had no family, and that sho found herself friendless, desti tute, and alone, in this great city, and she needed immediate assistance, or, in her des peration, alio was not quite certain what she might be induced to do. What could he do ? What would you have done ! Here was a pretty young woman, hardly twenty, with tears rolliug down her cheeks like rain. Why, lie did just what every man with a heart in his bosom would do ; he wont down in his pocket and gavo her twenty dollars. Would lie sen tho daughter of a clergyman perish in the streets, or mayhap bo picked up floating along the docks, with a coroner and twelve jurymen sitting on her 'i No, air, he was not that kind of a minister; and, not content with giving her a little pin money for her immedi ate necessities, he took her to a lirst-claas boarding house, and telling her to dry her eyes, he assured the landlady that sho was an entirely proper person, and that he would be personally responsible for any little bills that, the young lady might incur. A couple of weeks rolled on and he received another call. She had justreceived a letter from London, saying that hor brother would send her a draft for two hundred pounds by the noxt steamer, and as she wanted to make a few little preparations for the voyage homo would ho add to his previous obligations by antici pating her London draft to the extent of 201) dols. i Why, of course, he would, and he did, giving her a check on the Bank of New York for the amount. At Hie end of two weeks the lad}' appeared again in great dis tress. The letter had miscarried, or had not arrived ; would ho go down to the Post-office and inquire I The kind-hearted man soothed her and comforted her as well as he eould, though it was no easy matter, for hor grief was uncontrollable. Postmaster James, who is one of the kindest and most amiable of men, was sensibly touched by her grief, and promised to leave no stone unturned to hunt up the missing draft. The delay made neces ary another trilling loan, and, to make a long story short, she beguiled our reverend friend out of 685 dols. altogether, and ono fine morning sho turned up missing. It was then disoovored that she had fleeced another clergyman out of 200 dols. moro to bury hor brother, who had died on tho passage to Now York, and whose body had beon brought on the steamer. From another sho got a hundred to save hermotlior who was dying of starva tion, and who, being the wife of a clergyman, could not bog. Sveeral others were mulcted in sums from livo to fifty dollars, and this charming syren got off with her plunder and has not beon seen since. Tho most ordinary caution would have saved all these parties from being swindled, but they did not see lit to exorcise it. No person died on tho steamer on which she said her brother came over. She had no mother, nor any other viaible rehitivu ; in faut, n. oimplo ircjuiry would have revealed this transparent swindle. Yet they failed to discover it till the bird had flown. In front of quite a respectable house in oue of our most fashionable streets might bo seen a largo gilded sign, "Home for Destitute Girls." Could any Christian, aye, or pagan man, for matter of that, refuse to go a quarter on such a sign as that, " Home for Destitute Girls i" As I looked at that simi I thought to myself, " What a nice woman she must be." I wish that she might come to the door as I was going pas; so that I might surrepti tiously slip a half dollar in hor hand in aid of the destitute girls; but sho did not, and I passud on. One day last fall this good Samaritan was arrested; her larder was filled with butter, eggs, hams, lard, coffee, red herrings, artificial flowers, pickled pork, schwitzer kase, bologna sausage, flour, pre serves, several gas stoves, forty-two pairs of cox-sets, nearly eight hundred yards of calico and muslin, and one hundred and twenty ready-made dresses, and the only thing there was not in tho house was desti tute girls. On Friday, a one-armed veteran was arrested near Fulton Ferry, who had re lieved me of sundry nickles, but when they got him to the police office he was fouud t& have two most excellent anus, and tile pro ceeds of his day's industry had beeh four dollars aud sixty cents., and it was not a good day for one-armed veterans either. Wo are now under our new municipal administration, and it remains to bo seen how much wo have made in smashing Tam many Hall. It is iiitimatod by some "that John Kelly is hot dead, nor even sleeping, aud some of his heelers declare that his Irving B'all friends, who think Jiiii) dead, will find liim one of the liveliest ghosts over soon at a wake. Mr Grace slipped into office very quietly. There was no spread, no jollification, no nothing. Mr. Cooper said, "How do you do?" and Grace replied, " Pretty well," I thank you." Then Mr. Grace said to Mr Cooper, "I hope you aro well," and Mr. Cooper answered, " Very well." Then they ejiook hands, .and Mr, Cooper said, "Tako a chair," and lie took a chair, and the august ceremony was over. I wonder what (hoy would think of that in Liinnon. If there was no Lord Mayor's show, the Mayor would bo in danger of his life, and the parade and supper at Guildhall would cost more than the entire salary of the Mayor of Now York for his whole term. A long list of casualties by freezing marred the pleasure of this joyous holiday time. On New Year's night, a young man who had been drinking was picked up so badly frozon that both logs will have to be amputated, and he will also lose three lingers of one hand. The list of frozen ears and noses during our holiday week iilled a column in one of our dailies, and almost every day we have fresh stories of horror from the sea. Sleighing in Now York is a 110volty; the last sleighing of any consequenco in this city was in 1878, when it lusted sevoral days. Our Jamv.iry thaw is now upon us, the city is a sea of mud, wo are having a terrible time, and for weeks our streets will bo almost impassable. The murder of a beautiful young German girl, named Gronenthal, by a young Irish man by the name of Walsh, was one of the most dastardly and cruel crimes that has been committed in the city for years. Ho persecuted tho girl with his brutal atteutions for several months, and when she insisted that he should trouble her no more, he brought a dirk, had it carefully sharpened by a friend, then he inquired of his friend about the situation of the heart, and having assured himself of the exact spot, he went to tho house where tho girl was employed, and catching her near tho gate, killed hot' oil the spot. The death of "Big Jack" Garvey is one of the romances of the week. Jack was a thief and aruflian from his boyhood, and was one of the best, known villains in the. Onld Sixth ward. Notwithstanding tho fact that he had served untold terms in the Poniten tiary-and State Prison, Jack was a political power in the ward, and his aid was sought by Senators and Congressmen, as well as judges 011 the bench. Twice Jack stood un der the shadow of the gallows, and twice the devil rescued his own to let him die with his boots oil at last. Oil Monday night the house of a wealthy citizen of Brooklyn wasentered from the roof and 8,000 dols. worth of gold and jewels stolen. The robbery was dis covered soon after it was perpetrated, and tho unfortunate loser hurried to the police oflice and offered 2,000 dols. reward. Early next morning, two plasterers, entering ail un finished budding, heard the groana of a man in great agony, and, going down in the cellar, found Big Jack Garvey literally broken to pieces. He had fallen through tho scuttle of the roof to the cellar, with all his plunder upon him, and when I10 was discovered, watches,rings, pearl necklaces and diamonds, lay scattered 011 the ground ari.und hiin. The police were notified at once, all of the plunder was recovered, and tho unfortunate tliief died lit the hospital 011 Thursday. A woman named Fisher, in Brooklyn, was arrested for bigamy; both tho husbands were found, and it really looked as if the lady was going to reside, for a time, at Auburn or Sing Sing. Just in tho nick of time, and before his evidence was taken, as good luck would have it, tho first husband was found dead in his bed, and Mrs. Fisher is a free woman. All of our large mercantilo houses are now getting ready for tho spring trade, and clerks are busy from morning till night uncovering all sorts of goods. We aro looking for a great business booin, and hoping that in the com ing jubilee my friends will not bo forgotten. Yours, truiy, BROADBRIM. 