EYES Of BLUE. CHAPT3SE IIL-r.(C!ONTIJITIED.) Peter was evidently infinitely flattered by tb* compliment. His face flushed witt pleasure at his master's praiBe. He was absolutely devoted to Mr. Ormsby, and l*ad lived, with him for twelve yaars. It would have been singular, therefore, if be had not known something of the art of evading dune ; but he did not think it necessary tdinfprm Jiis master that the saddler had tipped him freely. Sm order tofi-x+r&r.i-; a trni and nartieular account of his movements for the day. Peter was not a* all above buttering his own bread in little ways |of his own, although h-j was'Bo far honest, in jthat he seldom if ever did bo at his master's ex pense. . . He. laid the ' Times' down on the brfeakfast itabie, with a pile of letters, and witharfew. Jack Or msby. glanced thoough the 'Latest in telligence' and the * Sporting Notes,* *nd then turned over bis letters. ' . , » « Bills, bills/ he mattered, tossing one ominous jlooking blue missive-after the other intoHthe fender with«nt so much, as looting,** it. ' CT wonder the idiots take the trouble to .send these Ithingsday after day- if s very ehort-sighted of: 'them, and must cost them a fortune in stamps. I' ?never, on principle, pay these scoundrels, if they, send in their bills in this persistently impertinent manner.' As Mr. Jack never paid either _. those who sent in bills,- or those who did not, this state ment of his principles may be taken for whatit is worth. Why the devil can't they let a man alone? iand what the deuce are they always in such a ja hurry for their woaey for ? Ah! apd here's *, lawyer's letter, threatening me with proceed-, ings. Jack, Jack! yoji're in a bad way, my boy ! 'There's only one way out of your difficulties, that :I can see —the f ai* Clarice. Ugh ! 1 dftn't much fancy her, either. It's hard lines on a fellow that never did any one any harm, to be driven into each a hole by a pack of swindling thieves ; hard ;linea — upon my soul, it is !* And Mr. Ormsby j-eefced his chin upon his hand, and stared out at the .opposite house with a look of profound sadness in bis handsome face. ' ? ? -/ Jack Ormsby thought himself a., througly ill used man. Sere was agoodrnatured, kind-hearted sort of fellow, who, as he said, had never done any one any harm, but who, nevertheless, had be6n hounded and . persecuted for. years by these wretched tradesmen for their miserable money, which every one of them could do infinitely better without than hiniBelf ! Was there no. Christian charity about aay of them ? he asked himself, not .angrily — Jack was never angry-r-but sorrowful. He was grieved and pained by 'She- selfish incon sideration of the tradesmen who thus thirsted for .hie life- blood. Debts, debts, stared nim in the face, and had been the bane of hie existence ever since he had come of age. It was only these debte ?which had driven him out of that pleasant, jovial cavalry regiment where he had enjoyed himself .bo much ; and then the price of his commission had just set him on his legs again, and kept him on the fat of the land for a little while, until the debts again had driven him into a corner, and he had sold out every penny of his investments, and tad lived on his capital ever since. And now that, :too, was gone, and Jack hardly knew where he was ' ,to turn to next, without doing something that was infinitely disagreeable to himself — and he hated disagreeable things. ' After all, it is hard lines, Tery hard lines,' he said to himself with profound self -commiseration ; for a fellow can't be sent into the world to etarve. One must live.9 Living, be it understood, in Jack Ormsby's vo cabulary, meant chambers in the Albany, a brougham and a p.irk hack, club dinners, cigars, and new clothes ad libitum — any and everything else, in short, that, a3 he would have put it, * a gentleman must have.* Dismissing these gloomy reflections with a sigh, Mr. Ormsby turned to the last of his unread cor xespondence. One letter still lay unopened on the table before him, and was addressed in a Jady's handwriting with which he was -perfectly familiar- He opened it wiih an exclamation of impatience, and read as follows :— vDeab Me. Ormsby, ' Please come and see me as soon as you have done your breakfast to-morrow. I want to talk to yon on a matter of the greatest import «nce. * Tours Bincerelv, 'A. Dallas.' * Bother that old woman !' said Jack, irrever ently, glancing up at the clock. * She might let one aAone in the morning. I wonder what's up now ? Want's me to stand her a tea- partgr, I suppose ? See her blowed first ! ' Here, Peter ; my clothes aada hansom. I've got to go ont at once.' Lady Althea Dallas was walking impatiently, up and down her drawing-room in Eaton ' Piace. She was what is called a thorougly well-preserved woman. No one would have supposed her to be [the mother of a grown-up son. . She had been a beanfcy, and was a handsome woman still —tall,, and somewhat portly, as our well-fed Englishwomen are apt to become when they have left their youth behind them; but there was nothing inconsistent with; -lignity in her portliness — and she had splendid arms and shoulders, whose charms she was rather fond of exhibiting in evening dress. There was hardly a wrinkie on her smooth forehead, nor a' gray hair among her pale brown locks, and there was even a faint pink tinge about her aof c cheeks which was solely and entirely due to nature j find not in the very least to art. But, then, Lady Althea had always had plenty of money and her own way in every respect throughout her life, and there is no better receipt than that for preserving the complexion. She was a clever, sensible woman, who under stood the world and its ways thoroughly, and had known how to steer heraelf clear of its dangers and pitfalls. Though she had been much -K)urted and flattered when, as a .young married woman, she had been at the zenith of her power and beauty, yet there had been no envious tongue uplifted to speak evil of her, nor had the voice of scandal ever breathed the faintest slur upon her name. Others equally blamelesB had been slandered ; but Lady Althea never. She hadjher weaknesses even now. She liked men's society, and she imagined herself to be /de- voted to music. She was fond of a little semi maternal flirtation with men young enough to be her sons. When a woman is twenty years older than the man she is talking to,'. there must, of necessity be a little -admixture of the motherly element between them; but when she is still comely and pleasant to look upon, as Lady Althea waE, there is sufficisnt coquetry left about her tp lend a certain piquaacy to the situation. Sijjbody * grudged Lady Althea her harmless little TJirta lions, but the world was Jess tolerant to her musical proclivities.' It ft hard to be- victimised by an a/icient- BongitresB whose voice is a thing of the past, bnt who, on toe strength of iaving haft first.rate masters when young* ; imagines faterself to be still capable of^charnring her audience when old. In these days of advanced musical education, \- people are impatient of effete amateur attempts' j and Lady Althea's quavering eoprario note* were the subject of much covert ridicule a mon^ljeE friends and acquaintances. . . V. As to her Ron, Lady . Althea, mother-like, thought no woman living could ever. , be- good enough for him. And she lived in a perpetual dread of his '.throwing himself away.' As wad Eerhaps natural, she desired that Jierdanghterin iw might be wealthy and well- born, whereas she knew that Philip had romantic drpams of atotally different nature. Unless ishe looked welj after him, Lady Althea felt convinced that ? her son' would ' be caught* by some /designing* aad-ulb^ fcerly penniless woman. . . ' j ; v r ' ; ? In Lady- Althea« _eye« all. -women who were penniless must of necessity be ^also designing. Perhaps, poor things, she. reflected, with a sense of justice in her' mind — perhaps it was only what one might expect of them. On the. other hand/ atl young men of means are like defenceless doves, easily captured— poor, aiUy cre«,tuw«l— -by the wiles and artifices of the first gift with a, pair of One eye* that makes it her bostiwse ito ensnare , fcfaepi. -. ? . '»? '?'.?:?.'?'? Mothers are cent; into thi« worH,. «ccordineto Lady Althea,' expressly to ooontttad; and tofle f^atthe evil iaflaencn of itoBktfip&j; €$&*-& pha walk up and down this euti£m»&aag; to aevonr i their sons. ';- '?'.'-?'??? '«?'? Such an unholy bird of pray' '3id 'tbh unknown, \- 'Ella Dallas S^aar to be to Me, «rfihliT«afttfly overt the i«Bjith and breadth of. It* doming*. room, and fretted impatiently *t Mr. Orm*by*B ' delay in answering her sommons. i ? Why doesm't he come f' she «att impatiently. ' When I write to a man to come to me, 1 like him to fly. The men of this genaration are nothing to - their fathera- After aUI' And then her thoughts went back half eadly among the ghosts of the p«*t —to tiief days when 'men had flown to do her bid ding.* 'Where were they all now* those preux chevaliers 'who had -worn her colours and wor shipped at. heir shrine! ' Some hadioarried uninteresting wives, and had large families' And everincreaaing waists. Sh« had' met oae of them the jafchex day— rack a goodlook ing- fellow die remembered Mm, and now he had a bald head and -white whiskers, and fat, shambling legs. He wsas rather hard bt'Tiearinjr, and^said ? Eh P in a 4oud strident voice, curling up hisband behind hie-ear when she fcpoke to him ; mnd he used! a Ted^and-yellow silk pocket-handkerchief, and talked patheticpilly about his last atteckof eout.' lijvdy Altheaihad shuddered at the sight of him, and had com* home and told Philip that she had been looking into an open grave. 'And so she had— the grave Of her youth aid. ito past pleasures. No. it was -better to remember them td they were/ or to think of those who were laid— as others of her early friends were— in all the strength of their manhood, beaeath thft«hnr*hyard sods. ' Lady Althea had sent for Philip's, frfen^l this morning because she was eorely disturbed in her mind about Philip's movements. He had left her for two days, and ne had been away ten, and there was yet no word about? his return. It was impos sible tluit Philip could be so enamoured either of his old^onele or of the trout stream in the park, that he ccnld not tear himself away from their fascination? : and to lose- a clear fortnight out of the end of &e; London sesspn was not, as a rule, What Philip, who was auch given to balls and dinner-parties, would b*lik*iy to do. ; Some overpowering cause ipe this prolonged visit at Cheriton, over and,above the trout.stream and the uncle, £here muBt of necessity be, and Lady Altkea's tbi-ughts flew at oace to that un known con8in of Phihp's, of whom, she had spoken before his departure so Slightingly. It most be Ella I The girl would, be^ about nineteen — old enough to be\ capable of . any in iquitous plotting. She knew well enough that her cousin was rich. : No doubt she «as scheming tomarrrhim. Her father - old fox! had in all probability instrccted her to lay snares for him, and she, of Course, had been only too ready to do so. «0h, these girls, these «irl»!* groaned Lady ; Althea aloud, twisting Pidlip's letter angrily about in her hands. * Is there ever any being up to- them? They are ail alike — hunting down my poor Philip to his destruction f Then Mr. Ortnsby's hansom dashed up to the door, and she turned eagerly to welcome Mb arrival. ? (To he Coniiwuek.) 