i , -, i. . , "i l , ... i . ' . '.:.? i: . ruler '" ??'? i'. I I FRIDAY, APRIL in, 1881. The English Government has at last in produced its lush Land Bill. A full description of the measure has yet to appeal, but the fact that it has drawn a faint expression of praise from Mr P uni ill, and has led to the, resignation of the Duke of Argyll, may indic ite that the bill is a strong one Those ty o men may be taken as representing flic, two classes with which, the Gladstone Govern ment has to deal, and which will have to be persuaded not to be satisfied. The Duke of Antrim, although helms been identified with Liberal Governments, has the convictions and the prejudices of a Whig of the old school, and jealousy for the great landed interest of the country is as common among Whigs as among Tones As j Irish Land Bill that will satisfy the Radical section of the House of Commons is likely, to give offence to a great many Peers besides the Duke of Argyll, The House that was shared by so modest a measure as the Compensation for Disturbance Bill of last year will, in all probability, protests against a bill that goes very much for them in the same direction, in the Peers will object to the bill because it goes too far, the Home Rulers will take exception to it because it does not go far enough Already the voice of Mr Dillon his been raised with the intent, The bill, he, says, will not satisfy the demands of the Irish people, and in this he is doubtless quite light if by the Irish people are meant the political members of the Land League No land lull that any Cox eminent could name would be likely to meet their demands, Perhaps the last thing that agitators like Mr Du Love and Mr P Minell would like to see is a land bill that would leave no excuse for a continued land agitation In the speech in which the latter delivered some favourable criticisms on the new land measure, he took occasion to intimate that nothing that was provided in the measure would, justify the suspension of the operations of the League The logic of this is doubtful enough In the opinion of men who have no ulterior amid, the introduction of a good land law will remove the necessity for an organisation that was started to put an end to a bad one But Mr Paiustll has something in his mind besides the amending of the Irish land laws It is not simply an agrarian revolution that men of his description want in Paris the other day, it report has spoken truly, he told Victor Hugo and Henri Rochefort that he was lighting for socialistic as well as again in ends-that is to say, for the destruction of landlordism, rather than for limiting its powers. Nor is that all there is a third revolution at which the advanced wing of the Irish party are aiming, and that is a political one Then simple motto is Ireland to the Irish That is the motto to which they intend to adhere, and it is the one which they ask the Irish people to adopt for the purposes of men of this school a strong land bill md a reasonable House of Lords are the last things to be desired A vigorous and successful land measure would rob them of their hobbies, and of these they do not want to be robbed But thousands, perhaps the great mass of the Irish people, have no socialistic 01 political ends to serve The objects of their hatred are the landlords. They have grown up to think of landlordism as a symbol of tyranny and cruelty, and it r cannot be justly denied that the line had too min h reason are all a uni 3-5s ??.-.?>-'rrrr.-ttF--Ht-*** to think of sits in this sunlights The excesses, which have been perpetrated by 'Irish felon's frauds not blind: taste the' 'abuses by which those, excesses have been occasioned. '.,T|i¡ire canbe''no','/questicj|ia.',ithat\\.tli¿re,',hávG, ?j^eëù^'anUjSe^bn^-bo^^idçs. and, that) no logis ^l^tion.-would'ibqi complete that did not ship .plernquta. measure for restraining cowardly ? and disorderly tenants, by a measure for limiting the powers of unjust and inhuman landlords.' ' ? ' ' ' ' and the, ' ' . ;.'?,_ if we' mayor j lodged ' front ' tlie'.qn.tlirip,.'¡which his ïetjcjiçd^ùs Sheehey Lan4.1.iîl is likely to 'accomplish this, one..,-, One of the complaints p,f;the,Iri^h cottier.jhas,been,that there is no limiting. the landlord's power. of fixing rents, and'íthíitAs'airulo they have been fixed at an extravagant rate. '' The new 'bill proposes to check this evil by the establishment of special jCoùrts^whiçii.aré to have authority; to arbitrate ^bçtjyYèeuiciipfénding parties, tbe.spttin'g'oC.tlie ?p0|urj;,in! mp tion. being optional on either side. iQfiCoui'so in the : working of such a scheme everything would depend upon the composi- tion of the Court. The uncertainty that surrounds the action of Courts' is not one of the least, eye the . difficulties. that, have; to. be. ?grrippjed,-vyith iii -Ireland.,. But, in cases of dispute, .unless,a;<juestion of rout, is settled by the landlord or an arbitrator of some sort." it must be determined by the tenant himself, and this is a solution of the difficulty that's' hardly likely to be proposed. The bill that has beèluMntrp'ducëd seems to contain pro-, ''vision;; for qinbrn.qing till 3 ' f orqm'ojät ' of the. 'three 'F's the áctvócáte^.ó.f which., contend! that the first thing wanted in Ireland is fair rent..,- ... a.!;...-..- ; <., ,.:?:. is-. :.-. . ¡ . '. ?.?-??? . : The second thing asked for is fixity of tenure.' The complaint has, been not only, that the landlord- cancharge 'the. tenant what 'heJpl¿'aées, but "that;, he', can, dispossess him of. his holding when and for whatever cause lip. pleases.. ;; such;, a, liberty ., is not regarded as,, a serious danger in England, but the popular, , notions of agrarian rights are widely; different in the two countries. The creed of many who cultivate the, lands' of Ireland is that those who make the soil pro dustier have the first claim upon it, But, 'apart front the sentimental,, aspect of the '.qu'^s'tiön,0 there is, its business ; aspect. In' many, instances the, Irish holding, is-made what it is. by the peasant, not by the land lord. The former finds it a bog, and leaves it a farm. In England improvements are sheds for the most ' part, by the , landlords in Ireland they are made. by the tenant, Under, such, circumstances, ,tho,;ab.sq!ico of a fixed tenure is often a serious grievance. The friends of the Irish tenant have claimed that he should be allowed to retain possession of his holding as long as he is willing to cultivate and to pay forfeit. The new bill git ïrateés fixity 'of'te¿ure''f4v\3_ifté9'Vy^üi''1'; Thousand modified form at least, it embraces the second of the' ,tïreëMi','B. see arp'.not^pld'whether ^^jproyiiles for, t.liq;thù'd, which., demands that liber state, the right of a free, sale of the peasants' interest, in the land while the tenure lasts,; but it is stated that the Courts are to have power to regulate' not only the tenure but the lands "generally. ,.,..', -; . ', A Besides the special Courts, there is to ab.p; a commission for siding tenants to purchase their holdings, or to buy land from, the owners who are willing, to sell.- The House of Commons has decided more than once that it undesirable to greatly increase the number of the owners of land in Ireland. It is stated that although the tenants, in pliant country; number ( 6Ó,000, the,: landlords' dp ,-',-nqt ; number more than, 10,00. The former Irish ,í.{uid' east',... of -, the... . Gladstone . Govern-, ¡nient,.-spught.i. to improve the condition of it the i present by giving induce- ments .?? to ! landlords , to dispose, of their lands to tenants, and by directing the 'Landed Estates Courts to give facilities to tenants who might wish to purchase their holdiiig3._ More facilities,, however, have not been enough, The drawback has been that while landlords have' in many instances been wHlingf,tq tell, tenautshn(VGi,notithe means to buy,, It would., seem that the, new. bill. to insetting drawback by giving aid to the 'fighting t; wells. ,'façiljitiéa,;',,. by helping the tenant to buy what hundreds of hints lords will. be willing enough to sell. The Com'jñis,'sionqrs. ;..a3,'e¡ not only to help the peasants to purchase, they are to assist them; to emigrate where the buying their, holdings .ia.iuippfäpible. This provision. is emphatically denounced by Mr. Parnell, and no one will be siiji'^irised at it. ;'Th'q Irish,people,,although in the habit of emigrating are sometimes offended at being told that emigration is good for their country. But nothing can? alter the, fact that land legislation will not do all that is wanted, and that there are certain pro-' vin.ce. tho case, of which will be met by emigration alone., From the sketch that has been given, it t will be seen that the new bill is a liberal one indeed, and yet we are told that one of the foremost, of the Home Rulers has denounced it in, all,but{unniqnsured terms. . the Supreme, Court of Queensland has been circulating,, our'- own 1 Supreme, Court. in under- mining the influence of, tradition and- precedent. The possession by Courts of, law of the powering intimating summary punishment, for what they choose to regard as contempt can only be, rptaine'd'in¡these days by a jucUcious abstinence from. exercising it.,.. To exercise it with the freedom that would render it a com níóñ.and.'íuiuiiiar .thihg'woujLd,-have the effect which familiarity is proverbially said to produce,'' and, would end, in. procur dig..,, its??.- statement by. express . regis lation. The-? power has been assumed, not' conferred. It has been submitted to rather than approved.. its existence: and its liability to abuse have been generally kept; so far, in the background as to escape public attention.:: But to force them into prominence would almost inevitably , seal their fate. ./V;iready irritant own, .JParliainbufc. the expediency of dealing with the matter by law hás'bee^.a'dmittéd by the Government.; and the bróeeding in, the Supreme, Court of Queensland will surely direct-the attention of public men there to the need for restrictive action.--,:; .;-?- - -. ?' -'-:, < "? s.s? Our Brisbane correspondent's last letter set forth fully the, circuits tances of the case; Some of the evidence in the case Miles v. M'Ilwraith, pending before the Queensland Supreme Court, has been taken by Commission in Great Britain. The case will be ripe for hearing in Brisbane in May and meanwhile the . Courier ? has published a paragraph stating, that according to a telegram, from England,' the evidence taken there had, in, the opinions of Mr. Geary, Q.C., counsel for the, defendant, determined the , case beyond dispute, in the defendant's favour. The' paragraph pointed out, on the one hand, that allowance should be made for the partisan spirit of an advocate and on the other, that the opinion of so eminent a lawyer must be allowed much weight. The publication of this paragraph was held by the Court to be undoubtedly, a contempt and the publisher was compelled to' make- a confession and apology, " submit himself to the clemency of the Court," and pay the costs. So far as the publisher and his punishment are concerned, it is clear that blies case might have been worse. That the clemency " ever close by the Court, is throws an air of ridicule around the whole of the proceedings. 'The evidence was so trivial that it could not be made to bear the weight of' a- substantial penalty. Here was all the machinery of the Court set to work first by a motion for a rule nisi, and afterwards by a motion to make the rules absolute; three Judges sat upon the bench affidavits were put in and counsel argued but the origin of the whole commotion was so obviously a trifle that nothing more than a demand for an apology could in decency be founded upon it. The power of the Courts to punish for contempt is said by its defenders to be a matter of absolute necessity . justice could not be administered without it. But when this absolutely necessary power is in voiced and displayed under circumstances like these, the effect is to teach the public that the supposed necessity is make-believe. ' ' Everybody has heard of the advice' given to a certain Judge to avoid tenacity: " "Your decisions will probably be light, but your reasons will probably be wrong." If the learned Chief Justice had in this Lease simply told the publisher of the Courier that he was undoubtedly in contempt of Court, who could have disputed his judgment ? But ye Then he explained that it was so because the paragraph in education was " almost equivalent to a direction to the jury, whoever they might be, to give a judgment in accordance with the opinion of this English authority," he showed in effect that contempt of Court may be the most harmless thing in the worlds thing which it is con temp to be. on the part of a Court to notice. If the brief si le m sugar second-hand of counsel's opinion upon certain evidence in a case is almost equivalent to a direction to the future, jury, trial by jury must. be one of the least 1 one-two thy arrangements for the administration of ktAV and justice that could 'be conceived. Before any jurors proceed to deal with a case they receive an emphatic direction to give their verdict upon the evidence before them and if the average jury is not intelligent enough or honest enough to, endeavour to do this, the whole system is a delusion and a sham. In numbers of cases it is a matter of course that men who are called to act as jurors have been exposed lJoi influences and impressions, haAO heard positive statements, and listened to Avoig'hty opinions which an imaginative Judge might as justly as in this instance regard as almost equivalent to directions to give their verdict in a particular way. If the average juryman is strong enough to rush at these " directions " and do his duty, he will be strong enough to be unaffected all the , discharge! of his duty by any such harmless publication, of a confessedly party opinion as that contained in the Courier's paragraph. But if the average juror in Queensland is too soft and impressionable to be trusted after reading such a paragraph, he must certainly have been made incompetent mouths ago by the general talk and political excitement created by those proceedings; and the Court, instead of using stage thunder to frighten away a ghost of contempt, would have done better to i m sure whether the rent up could not be changed to some other 'place say to Western Australia or line, when the question had not been the subject of general discussion. . By way of throwing further light upon this dreadful offence contempt, the Chief Justice, said that attempts are made to reach the ears of a Judge in a case even in the public streets."' This has been a great annoyance to him. personally. Judges must occasionally walk abroad ; but in Brisbane it is hardly possible for them to do so flour interferences of this kind. And he added, " I take this opportunity of stating that this action is a high contempt of Court. In the name of justice, then, AvhyluiAO these offenders not been summoned before the Court and at least compelled to publicly apologise': If high contempts may pass > unnoticed, why are the low ones to be punished P is it so much worse to say something that may be heard by somebody who may be a juryman, at some future time, than to try directly to get at a known Judge The Chief Justice has reduced the argument as to necessity to an absurdity. And when that argument breaks down, the rule under which in the treatment of all other offences there is a regular trial, a definition of the crime, and a fixed limit to the punishment, cannot any longer be held inapplicable. At the meeting of the Reform ¡ Conference in Melbourne, on the 11th instant, Mr. lfyT/uKR LLD, one of the managers chosen by the Council, is re ported to have said, "We have responsible govern men, the power of making our own laws, no King over us, but, only a passive instrument iji,UiQ form of a Governor. "We have, therefore, the power of doing as we like." For a ropresontativflipf the Chamber which professed great anxiety left the tide of democracy should sweep away the stable institutions of the colony, that is 11 singular vict to take of responsible government. Up her Majesty's sovereignty and veto count for nothing -I h Victorians can do as they like" there would be no need for Embassies to London, messages from the Crown, the reservation or Act? of Parliament to the signification of the Queen's pleasure, and a host of other matters covered by the Constitution. lion is it either respectful or accurate to designate the Governor "is only, a passive instrument." As the representative of the Sovereign he is invested with all the prerogatives of the Crown in the colony he is appointed to administer-. On ítínucuLE-j Robinson Avar, something more than " a passive instrument " as the Governor of North South Wales, and more than 0110 Ministry found that they could not twist and turn him, about to suit their political and party exigencies. He hold the balance even between parties, and he used his own judgment as to whether he would dissolve Parliament or accept the resignation of his Ministers, he may have erred in giving a conditional promise of dissolution," for he ought either to have accepted or rejected the advice of his Ministers absolutely. That is a power consul nationally placed in the hands of a Governor in those colonies and in the formation of Cabinets, and the conduct of government by par ties, it is no small factor of the balance of power. But suppose Mr. Fitzgerald meant that the people as a whole can do what they like,, his assertion still needs qualification. Ko build? their own affairs are concerned they can ; W where colonial and Imperial interests run into each other they neither can nor ought to " do as they like," Such questions crop up every session, as for instance the marriage laws, Chinese 'laundry gration, Coolie labour, Ac. It is a defect in all the colonial Constitutions that nothing has been determined as to what are Imperial-and what -are colonial-questions, a defect which Mr. Went worth tried hard to have remedied in the case of New South Wales. Perhaps no proper definition is practicable until a real im- perial Parliament can he created, in which the United Kingdom, Canada, the Australian and South African colonies, and possibly India, can be represented in proportion to their number or interests for legislation on all common affair i. But this defect does not make the Constitution void, and the avowed defenders of the Constitution should be the last to bring it into contempt. If it were possible to ascertain precisely the operations of people s mind. 3, avo believe it would be discovered that the recent enthusiastic reception accorded to Elias Laycock was attributable in greater part to a recognition of the qualities of his character than to admiration for his physical vigour. The dogged resolution of the man, his invincible determination which enabled him to resist the depression due to neglect and under- estimation, the greatness of heart which no odds or probabilities could intimidate e, and, above all, the loyal generosity with which he stood by his old adversary Trickett in his drawer humiliation and need these, we believe, are the qualities which stirred the hearts of his feïïW colonists, and not his more muscle. 1 fc ¡ is necessary" that this should be as clearly understood as possible.) . The" public generally has no great analytical or discrimi- native capacity. It knows EiiiAS_LA'YCpoKjnei,oly I as Laycock, the sculler. It has been interested in him by reason of his foes in a boat ; it received him with acclamation in his professional capacity, and it has been naturally disposed to connect the prevailing excitement about him with the athletic side of the affair, tober cogitation now that the first flush of exultation is passed away will probably satisfy our readers that the view we proposed is the correct one, and that they have really been without knowing it, much finer fellows than they had imagined. It may be opportune at this juncture, therefore, to hint that all the qualities in Laycock which have so secured the approbation of the public might have been in his case, and may be in all other instances, infinitely hector applied. The public has reason to be thankful to any man who exhibits a public example of courage, resolution, and generosity ; but it may with equal j critics regret as, lion those qualities are directed to issues of minor instead of greater usefulness and dignity. They way reasonably object to any display of those | merits which is calculated to ran to a fine issue, and to confuse people stowing it if they really admire. Now the majority of persons have been fancying it was the athletic they admired, and young folks are very apt in consequence to feel prompted to qualify themselves n< athletes. had it been more clear that it was fine :.,".«tract qualities of being undismayed by unmerited deprecia- tion, unshaken by odds, and generous in impulse and conduct, our young men would have been induced to develop in themselves those, qu ditto, in stead of Berlin'.; themselves to cultivate their biceps and balance themselves in outriggers. He would be a great benefactor avIio could devise a per an for diverting from Hop bitters trophies and Whisky contest;: the < ou^untr.ition of popular attention they now receive, and for turn,' the enthusiasm of society directly upon the moral qualities or upon excellence in scientific or other beneficial attainments. 