THE STORY-TELLER CRIMES &TRIALS; IN OLDEN DAYS. THE LUDDITE WTE8S. The Luddite rioters of Nottinghamshire and Yorkshire derived their name from General Lud, their mythical Leader, that awe- striking name and title being, however, borne by several of their chiefs at different times and ifi different districts. The deplorable outrages committed by these men — the breaking into houses to sieze fire-arms and obtain money for the purposes of their mischievous and dangerous association — lasted for nearly forty years, during which time, with the exception of a few lulls, the great manufacturing districts were in as disturbed and lawless a state as the Border oountry when such marauders as Hard-Riding Dick or William of Deloraine drove honest men's cattle, burned keep towers, and harried farm-houses. All social diseases have their climax. The night, they say, is darkest just before daybreak. To miseries and misfortunes there is a culminating period. It was in 1812 that the Luddites were fiercest, maddest, and most desperate, deriding all philosophy and forgetting all the tenets of political economy ia the fierceness of their indignation. Their object was to destroy the new frames which about the end of the last century were introduced (with power') to finish, woollen goods. Up to this time cloth had been finished by a tedious and costly process, a man being required to each machine, and three times the expense being incurred. The machine Was a ponderous, unsightly instrument, squarer at the extremity of the blade, but otherwise not unlike the shears used by sheep-shearers. One blade was passed under the balk cloth to be finished, and the other over the latter cropping off the nap of the wool as the blades were dexterously pushed backwards and forwards by the workmen. The men engaged in this primitive occupation were known by the name of croppers. The process was as much behind the age as the Hottentot system of spinning is behind the latest process of Manchester. The croppers, whose occupation was thus interfered with, became as violent as the silversmiths of Ephesas, and were the chief leaders in the Luddite riots. They wiere generally of the stubborn, resolute Yorkshire race; ignorant, violent, determined, holding together for good or ill, and resolved to destroy the new frames, which they believed would throw poor men out of work and starve their families. There is a wild old Yorkshire legend extant, which pretty well proves the opinion enter tained of the croppers by their contemporaries. We give it in the words of a most reliable authority: The tradition is, that in consequence of their dissipated and wicked ways, all the croppers at their departure hence went to a certain place that — to describe it negatively— was neither purgatory nor paradise, and that in the course of time they became so numerous in that particularly warm region, and withal so very, very unruly, that the devil was at his wits' end what to do with them, and had no pleasure of his existence in their company. Get rid of them he could not. There they were, and, notwith standing all remonstrances, they declared that they would neither depart nor yet mend their manners. One day, while pondering upon his difficult position, a brilliant idea suddenly occurred to his Satanic Majesty. He knew. the fondness of the croppers when on earth for ale, whether good, bad, or indifferent, eo he went to the door of the infernal regions, and bawled out with all his might, "Ale ! ale ! ale !" The effect was magical. At the joyful sound the croppers were instantaneously seized with a burning thirst. They rushed out to a man helter-skelter to where the delightful news came from. No sooner were they safely out than Satan quietly. but quickly clipped in banging the door to and locking it after him, shouting through the keyhole to the astonished and deluded croppers outside, "Now d—n you, that I have got you out, I'll keep you out, and I'll take good care no more croppers ever come in here P And this is stated to be the reason that from thence forth no more croppers entered the infernal regions. No Ribbonmen ever banded together with more sudden determination in their move meats - their drilling and their attacks were conducted with military precision. Mere agricultural labourers might have shown as much courage, but could not have formed such subtle combinations. Ever man had his allotted place by number (as in in a regiment) in the musket, pistol, or hatchet companies. The form of initiation was known by the technical name of "twisting in". The oath taken by the a solemn and terrible as that used in the secret tribunals of middle ages. It was as follows: 'I — of my voluntary will, do solemnly swear that I will never will eaven the names of tbe persons who com pose this secret committee, their proceedings' meetings, places of abode, dress, features, coneotions, or 'anything else that might lead to a discovery of the same either by word, or deed or sign under the penalty of being sent out of the world by the first brother wbio shall meet me, and my name and character blotted out of existence, and never to be remembered but with contempt and abhorrence ; and I further now do swear that I will use my, best endeavours to punish by death any traitor or traitors, should any riBe up amongst us, wherever I can find him or them; and though be should fly to the verge of nature, I will pursue him with un ceasing vengeance. So help, me God, and bless me to keep this my oath inviolable.' At the time of the crisis of disorder in 1812, when the Luddite conspiracy was getting over the greater part of two counties, Enoch and James Taylor constructed the obnoxious frames in their smithy, which stood on what is now the play ground of the town school at Marsden. These enterprising men had begun life as common blacksmiths, but by industry, perseverance, and inventive genius, had be- eome known as skilful machine- makers. The giant hammer used in the Yorkshire smithies was" in 1812 playfully known among the grimy artisans who wielded it as 44 Enoch ;" ant wnen tne Lindanes made one or tneir midnight marches to destroy a finishing- frame, the cant saying was — alluding to the firm at Marsden and the hammer that was to crush their work — 4 Enoch made them, and Enoch shall break them.' Suffering, and believing that they would suffer more, these impetuous men totally for got that all improvements in a trade tend to enlarge that trade ; that all lessenings of cost in the production of a fabric tend to increase the sale of that fabric ; and that, if the finishing machines reduced the number of croppers, the manufacture of them un doubtedly led to the employment of more hammermen. To these truths they were indifferent ; ail they knew was, that the new frames lessened the immediate work for the croppers, and they were determined not merely to destroy those frames already in use, bat to terrify employers from farther adopting them. Yet the croppers themselves, as long as they could get work, were well-to-do men, their wages being twenty four shillings a week. The Marsden people were, indeed, seldom in distress, for the great cotton trade was already developing, and warp and weft ready for the hand loom were brought from Lancashire fortnightly and put out to Marsden weavers. But let us be just ; the times were hard everywhere, and a shilling did not bring then what it had brought before, and what it brings now. Men worked week in and week out, and only just, after all, kept the wolf from the door. Oh 1 there was a sharpjbifcing suffering before thonghtful working men could combine in that thirty years' conspiracy that brought many brave lads to the gallows, and sent so many to pine away the rest of their miserable and wasted lives in the dismal restrictions of New South Wales. Time is full of common sense ; it brings men to the truth ; yet for nearly a whole generation it never stopped these disturbances, erroneous as they were. The man who thinks that these troubles indicated no foregone misery and wrong, would call a dying man's groans and screams mere practical jokes. The Yorkshire nature is stanch and dogged ; it was not going to bear quietly, while proud, arrogant, and often cruel manufacturers were fattening on the very flesh and blood of the workman and his pining children. The poor man had borne -the contemptuous denial of his rights, the incessant suspension of the laws of the land, trade monopolies, tyrannical, stupid, and heartless governments, civil and religious disabilities, and unjust and useless wars ; but dear bread — that was the last straw that broke the camel's back. The artisan saw only in the new machinery means to still further enrioh his oppressors and starve himself. When the rich man can be weary of life, is it to be wondered at that the poor man finds life sometimes intolerable ? rue panacea seemea to oe comoination. General Lud got recruits in Derbyshire, Cheshire, Nottinghamshire, and especially ih the south-western districts of Yorkshire. There were food riots at Sheffield, Mans field, and Macclesfield. Food riots are as certain a proof of something wrong in the body politic, as certain pustules are proofs of small-pox. The stocking- weavers in Notting hamshire began the bad work by holding nocturnal meetings, by forming secret societies, by appointing delegates and local 4 centres,' by extracting black mail from manufacturers, and requiring . implicit obedience m their adherents, after administering an oath. From shattering frames, the Yorkshire men began to talk of upsetting the government. Religion was even pressed into the rioters' service, and. a crusading spirit inculcated on those who joined the Luddites. The disorders came to a head in 1812, partly from the lenity shown to Luddite prisoners at the Nottingham assizes in March, and more especially by the dreadful price which provisions had then reached. The poor hardly ever tasted nourishing, flesh - making wheaten bread ; tea and coffee were almost- unknown ; clothing Was extravagantly dear ; and the workman had to gain strength for the twelve hoars' toil in the bad atmosphere of a mill from a paltry meal of porridge. All this was hard to bear, even with freedom ; bnt it was intolerable in a country where the intellect and conscience of the nation were enslaved, and where the poor had no other privilege than that of paying an undue share of the taxes levied on them by an enormously wealthy and tolerably selfish landed interest. Tihfl riots soon overran the West Riding, beginning at Marsden. After trying their destructive powers on a small scale there, the frames at Woodbottom and Otti wells were marked out for destruction, and the lives of their owners, the Armitages and the Hor&f;&Hs;, were threatened. These gentlemen took prompt and energetic measures for the pro t cHlon of their property. A bridge over the r iv v at the Woodbottom Mill had au iron gito placed across the centre which could bo seeurelv fastened against ah invaders It had iron spikes at the top, and a row ».»( iron spikes down each side.. This bridge— with its gateway and protection spikes— -remained in its original integrity until a very recent day. ' At Ofctiwells,' adds a local authority, at : the upper end of the road fronting the mill, and oh an elevation, level with the present dam, a cannon was planted behind a wall pierced with an opening three feet high and ten inches wide. Through the'se apertures the 1 cannon could be pointed so as to command the entire frontage of the mill, and fired upon ; an approaching enemy. This Bomewhac j primitive battery still exists, but the artillery j disappeared long ago ; and though now walled j up, the outlines of the embrasures formerly left for the cannon to be discharged through may yet be distinctly discerned. In addition , to those means of defenoe, the workmen employed at the mills were armed, and kept watch and ward during the night.' Mr. Horsfall. resolute and prompt, was not to be easily frightened, and the Marsden croppers were none of them Luddites- The inhabitants of Marsden and the surrounding villages were also compelled to deliver up all firearms in their possession, until the reign of terror should pass away. There were both infantry and cavalry in Marsden. The 10th King's Bay, the 15th Hussars, and the Scots Grey, were alternately billeted (at quite inadequate rates) . in the town, impoverishing and sometimes ruining the landlords, irritating the high- spirited, oppressing the neutral, and contaminating the whole neighbourhood. These regiments were not allowed to remain long in one plac9, for fear of the men becoming tainted with Luddite opinions. The soldiers marched every night to the market-place at Marsden, and, having been paraded, were then told off into two divisions, the one to patrol on the Ottiwells and Valeside, and the other to spend -the night between Marsden, Wood- bottom Mill, and Lingards. As their move ments were well known, and the clash cf their swords and the tramp of their horses' feet were to be heard at a long distance at night, it was easy for the Luddites to steal away behind hedges, crouch in plantations, or take byroads to their work of destruction. The cats had belled themselves this time, and the mice could play as they liked. On the 11th of April fire was set to the gunpowder lying about the West Riding. On that day, the croppers at Mr. Wood's mill at Longroyd Bridge, near Huddersfield, were planning a night attack on the mill of a Mr. Gartwright, at Liversedge. The leading con spirator was an Impetuous cropper named George Mellor (twenty-two). His chief lieutenants were Thomas Smith (twenty- three), William Thorpe (twenty-two), and a mesa subtle fellow, afterwards an informer, Benjamin Walker (twenty- five). Joshua Dickenson, a cropper, came to the shop on the Saturday before named, and" brought a pint of powder, a bag of bullets, and two or three cartridges, to distribute among the Longroyd Mili men. They met at night, about ten o'clock, when it was not quite dark, about three miles from Oartwright's mill, in the fields of Sir George Armitage, at the obelisk (or, as the Luddites quaintly nick-named it, 4 the dumb steeple.'), When more than a hundred men had assembled, Mellor and Thorpe, the two young leaders, mustered the Luds, and called them over, not by names, but by numbers, in military fashion; there were three companies — the. rest carried sledgehammers, adzes, and bludgeons. They were formed in lines two deep, William Hale (No. 7), a cropper from Longroyd Mill, and a man named Rigge, being ordered by Mellor to go last and drive the Lads up, and see that no coward stole off in the darkness ; for there were many Luds who only joined through fear of being assas sinated, and had no real heart in the matter. Tiie order to march was at last given ; the band proceeded over wild Hartshead Moor, and from thence into a close sixty yards from Rawfold Mill, where the musket- men put on masks, got ready their firearms, and took a draught of rum to cheer them on to the attack. Mellor then formed his company of musket-men into lines of thirteen abreast,. and moved on to the doomed mitf, followed by Thorps and his pistol men. In the meantime, Mr. Cartwright,. who had apprehensions of an attack, was asleep in the great stone many- windowed buiMing. The great water-wheels were still ; the only sound iL — r 1 £ A- A1 11 J.- Wtus fclltt nppiu UL «|UB Wftltir 1Q VLltJ mui-aani. The alarm-bell, rising above the roof, stood out dark against the sky. There was no light at any window, and no noise. The five workmen and their allies, the five soldiers, were asleep. The armed men, intent on destruction and ready for murder, to their design stole on like ghosts. Soon after twelve, Mr. Cartwright, who had just fallen asleep, was a .yoke by the violent barking of a large dog kept chained inside the mill for such a purpose. The miilowner leaps out of bed to give the alarm ; as he opens his bedroom door he hears twenty or thirty of the three hundred panes of glass on the ground floor shattered in ; at the same time there is a. rattle and blaze of musketry at- the ground and upper windows. The bullets whistle, and splinter, and flatten against the inner walls. At the 'same time a score of sledgehammers are heard working at the chief door, and voices shouting and threatening at the other entranoes, and indeed on all sides, except that on whioh the mill- pool lies. The hour is come at last. But Mr. Gart wright is Yorkshire, too— resolute, bold, and of a good heart. He shouts to his men ; they fly to arms, and load and cook their muskets. He and one or two of his workpeople run to the alarm-bell, and pull fiercely at the rope, till it clashes out its summons to the Hussars at Liversedge and friends near or far. This drives the Luddites stark staring mad as the firing becomes hotter and a dozen of them erv out : ' 4 Fire at the bell-rope !' 4 Shoot away the bell !' 4 D that bell ! get it, lads 1 (For they knew the soldiers would be on them soon with their sabres if that bell clanged many minutes longer.) Presently the beil-rppe breaks, and two men are sent up to clash the bell and fire alternately. Cartwright and his men fire from the upper loops of the mill obliquely at the howling crowd that flash off their guns, and ply their hammers, and snap their pistols at the detested mill, where the (-in men are glaring at them from under covert. The fire from and against the mill is hot, pelting, and furious. . 4 Bring up Enoch!' roar stentoriau voices.' A big hamcnermau advances to the door, and pounds at it withnoqh as U ft were a block Of iron. . The rest shout : " | 4 Bang up, my lads !' 1 In with you !' 4 Are l yon in, my lads?' Keep close.' 4 In with you, lads!' 4- them!' Kill tbem, every osu I Mellor then cries, with horrible impreca- ! tiens — j i 'he door is opened !' j But it is not. They are wrong this time. | Enoch has been bard and heavy at it, it i3 j true ; the panels are broken, so that a man's ; head might go through, but the looks and bolts are not burst yet. The planks are split | with hatchets, the malls have broken and chopped it into holes, but the door still keeps faithful and fast. The stone jambs of one entrance are wrenched out, the frameworks are smashed in, still Cartwright and his men keep up their fire from between the flag-stones that barricade the npper windows, and some of the Luddites are Btruck. There is a cry that Bomeone is shot, and a man has fallen on his face. Booth is down, and there is hot blood on Dean's hands. Dean has been shot through the door as he applied his hatchet. (to be continue©.) 