The Headless Ghost CHAPTER L ^j^lpOJioii expect any one to believe my 7 ',«6ry. , I know it is wonderful, improbable, ''^perhaps' »Yen impossible to some minds 1 ' Bttt ?Terything is atrauge about my history. ''X ma at ono time, up to a certain day, poor ; r'jK- poor that a' long lllnea*, having kopt me IrOm my.wori ia an omce, maut: uijr rent auu ' other. ?xpen»09 an anxiety to me. On that *,'id»y .1 received & letter announcing my hav '' lngiuoceeded, in default of nearer male heirs, ' ;'?? the' old family property, Penryu Castle, ; msid abbnt J6300O a year. I had had no expec ', tations, and knew nothing of my cousins. ;, In dj oj'»| certainly,' the unexpected did * &appe;£u '?'?..' I am not going to ^alfe. about childhood : it ''was very nnhappyi not from aotualnnkind ?r-'wem »hown, but from active kindness left ' out. Yery delicate, ' nervone and sensitive, ''I .was an orphan among strangers, and all ia J told. ' When I grew up_ I had but one ac qnaintance whom I considered a friend. Ee : Vaa ealled Bulwer.arid was considered so ':'?* odd', that a marriage' he had set his heart ' ' tm had been broken off. l;. Wo both hated noises, and lived in one set ''ol'rbomi,'and though our tastes differed con ,' ' slderably, ;we got on well together. I hated J abiauls in those dayt, and I most particu larly hated a big dog Bnlwer kepc by him, '» great tawny mastiff, who looked at me with eye* of fierce dilfavpr, and I never saw «&Kpatby; to a humm being so marked as it \- in w Into dog to me. we natoa escn otner «Wially. ??'?' I v*» ' fond of UngnagcB, and studied them ? Btefety spare moment, Greek I knew well, ?' Baft *htn I had naatered the language as it Ii taagkt in English schoels, I got hold of a : Qr*kimerebant and learned the modem pro ;;«oa*istloBi ia which (itseems quiteonneces -aary tb -tate 1b theao learned days) the chief / Aifnafecs liet, : I had no particular reason ,!Sr-9ingthl8, fox in those days, as I h»ve ipalbJUii, IjWM tee far removed from the ?idiwofcbraach to eipeo* to saceeed, or feel ?MM& Uterest in, ihe family traditions, but 1 ,kunet afttrwud to understand this and -S»her things. ; A.' Greek, ef extreme beauty had married infctfca Pearyn family not bo very long ago, ' »«d »? Inherited oar brown eyes and ear good nosce from her. In connection with Stir'alsB was a myateriotto crime; not a .Tolgar, diihonorable. crime, but a sort of ' worder which tefleoted ' no discredit upon anybody, and indeed, cams to be looked mMaUBOst as a patent ef nobility in the SSsryn family. '''? I had boea ill fora long time, but man «g«d to ereop about and pay no attention to t2ie xruhtfnl neine going on in my head, 'and which mode ovary word spoken by one ' neaad »o if it was keeping time to a pulse uiuxi, . xncro u Buuiuwuoro a ouug, wuiuu x always thought idiotic, about the beating of ?ne'a heart being tho only thing one hears. From : painful experience, let me say that 'the faot is not at all poetical, bat extremely ^painful, when it oecnra. There are a great 'Many of'theM '* poetical 'idea* which dp Mt Seat tho te«V of trial. \--. ip«» inrtanee, that celebrated and love-like ectfoa of swimiaing to a beloved objeot waadt bU right,' bat a dripping figure must ?***» biwi a visry uncomfortable lover, ?s- Bnlwer vaa' away at first ; when he re -tamed niy illness ( Which was called brain 4eteT)wa» at it« vrorat,. and he was kind in ^hi» owfl -quiet way, -arid came often and oft^iW eoe'nlo. Slow recovery, and the dfl6tor*« ;UBoal formula, ' ohange of air,' foUowetJ; nad'Bulwer waa with me discuss ing'Where 'wo shonld go (he promised to (KooBpany ta«) when that letter arrived. I Bade Bolwer read it, and I' remember I was too-wdsk to fersl ordted when I found what irannoiinosd. -''???????? :;l '' '??? ??'?? '??' ; ': ? - ?tnii^at eny raw,' settled where we were **-?»}. Taougn'the castle was uninhabitable, w»BiInQt go to the nearest villiige, and inn ? fl*#'daj/iJW-- fBtaKed;i;:-';i ? ' '? ? ?' ???'?' ?J'l'wMMttin^ehBibla to the1 pleasure of oaslnnftmy first 'eheque; but what really eflabled'nie'to realise my1 good fortuno was wHeri'We'found ourselves in an' open carriage, fov'th'e' 'lftot; few' miles of 'pur way; 'driving g'wiftly through a lovely country, ? spring ia tA-i its' beauty round : us; and its breath a . wslooini* :full of i sweet 'eoents of laroh ami ? tWgrflnt!thiog»;and' to feel1 thatall weatnF ' beiobgea-W'tae.1-' ^-'i. ?' ^-.-/^':- -? --?:?- ?? \- -iTno Cadtlo was- i^uite ahutup, batwe were WapjSised'to' -'fitid, iMtaaaof a ruin, avery 4rtlBat«BtJslcnbnBei1:'vith:'ra:; square tower «Brio'ging ffoni tho'ground;1 Except' where *rterraW\;had ! beeh madoi'whifttt' began near ^haavenTl9«n-iraa dlo^g, the. vfeaf, side 6£ the iiouseV-thS'gifodnd'fell1 av/ayibhiptly down ta'tadinoisioSB ttrid filsaieit river 1 ever eaw.i 'a river whoso1 btoftnl depths ' soggested' troat, ittA'^^'^'p'**** ^V'*** «o. narrowypnj j^ottld'almortlea^aorbssit.' ?'??»' ;- ;??.»'??-?'»?! ,;; i -v*We foaad ihevillsgowas only a mile from ' the hoose, and as it waa top late to see any itliing more of tho place1, . we return.' d, had dinner, and -went early w ? bed. I alas re t^iKBbee J:elftp*thataiah6BSl!iadco6 siopt for weeks, and ns indeed I waa not to sleep again for weary, weary months. Next morning after breakfast, we went up to the plaoe, and it was really beautiful. I never got enthusiastic nbout scenery, but there were great trees all about just whore trees ought; to be, and beautiful hills all round, and a look of cheerfulness that im pressed me., We found tho old woman who had charge' of the keys standing near the front deor, and it was the funniest thing to see her begin to bob as eoon as she saw ns, and go on bobbing till we apoke to her. ' Mrs. Wilkins, sir ; Mrs Wilkins, gentle, men,' so she introduced herself, and wo soon found eh'e waa stone deaf. We went over the rooms, all a good size, modern-looking, and comfortable, with the most hideous papers I ever saw, (I often won der who invents the ugly papers); but after going up atairs and down, we both came to the tame conclusion. ; the size of the house, as she showed it to us inBide, m no way cor responded to its appearance outside. Bulwer and I went on to the terrace to mako quite sure, and I then said . 'Now, Mrs. Wilkins, we must see the rest of tho house. ; 8he' pretended not to hear ns for a long time, but at length she burst out into a tor rent impossible to comprehend, and, wadd ling down Btairs faster than hor appearance gave any reasons to expect, she waved her hand toward the end of a passage opening off the hall, and throwing her apron over her head, went down the avenue at the same pace. We stood and laughed at her sudden dis appearance, and then went along the pat sage sho had pointed to. It contained only a cup board, and many shelves full of those accu mulations no one ever understands ; brass uumua cviu*3u-riy uuiuugujjj to biic oia lamps now oovered with verdegris, broken glass ; the most curious things -were there, bits of old china, old gloves, hairless brushes, every thing quite covered with dust. But after taking courage, and moving a few things, wt saw that behind the cupboard were folding doors, and that these were barred. On closer examination we fonnd it quite impos sible to move the shelves without carpenters' tools, and left to go down to the village aud get a capenter. it was some time before we found one, and then he called a mate, and we went up to the house again. When the rubbish and shelves were re moved we found the bars nailed on in the shape of a cross; nailed, indeed, is not, strictly speaking, the right term, for they were fastened with huge bits of iron, the heads of which had been filed off. It took hours to take off these bars ; bat onoe off, the door iiew open, and hastily paying and dis missing the workmen, we went in. As I stepped across too door a shiver ran through me, of which I thought nothing at the mo* meat, and we went along a wide passage and empty and dismantled, and though I hardly knew what I expected, a sense of disappointment came over me. However, we went up stairs and, ' with much less curiosity, we looked into corresponding rooms there, all empty as before, till we came to a room at the end of a short passage, and on opening thi3 we stood still in amazement. It was completely fur nished, not as bedrooms are furnished in these days, but though dust lay inches thick on everything we could see that all was mag nificent. A lace counterpane lined with gold colored silk was over the bed, which was a wide low couch. A large mirror waa framed in silvtr ; quaint embroidery curtains huDf; near the windows, aud the walls, instead of being papered or painted, were hung with gold-colored stuff ; through tbe quivering leaves the Run, sinking to the west and now low down, Bent long shafts of light. Bulwer was moving forward, when I caught sight of something, and putting my head ou his arm, I exclaimed, ' For God's snke, stand still.' He paused, surprised ! but 1 was intently looking at tbe floor. I saw distinctly in the middle of all the dust a pathway made be tween the fireplace and the bed, and the edges of it were tightly swept as though by a trailing robe. ' Great heavens, Penryn ! are yon going to faint ?' exolaims Bulwer ; and command ing myself, I entered the room farther. As I did so I heard for the first time a sound I used to heat often and often, I heard a gentle plaintive sigh close to me, and once attain a long shiver ran through me, I got to the window, and Bnlwer, throwing it open, began to pulldown the ivy interlaced across it outside, and let in more light. We then saw that over the chimney-piece hung two pictures. One was the picture of a woman leaning forward with the most pathetio expression possible in her Boft brown eyes ; she was dressed like a Greek ; her hair in long plaits had gold coins upon it ; hor hands were beautiful, and lay lightly clasped together as if she was expectant. I was so intontly interested in this picture that I was quite startled by Bulwer'B exclaiming : ' Look! you might have sat for that picture;' and looking, I saw a tall figure with a pale face snd large dark eyes opposite to me, and I felt it was like me, aid again I shivered. Iwas glad to get ont of the room. A most curious and uncomfortable feeling took pos session of me, and leaving Bulwer to shut the window, I went down stairs and waited for him at the front door. Ho soon followed me and was so full of the discoveries we had made that he never noticed how silent and unhinged I was. We went down to the inn and found a com fortable plain dinner waiting for us, which revived my spirits, and after dinner we smoaked and discussed what was the nest to be done. My own idea was to send women in to clean the place, and get some furniture down from the nearest town, and two or three servants, and go there as soon as possible. Bulwer agreed to this as quite the best .plan, and we then began to talk over the rooms, and whioh would be the beat to furnish for the present. . A.little to my Burprise.I found that he had set his heart upon, having what we called the Greek room. 'I know it ought to be yours,' he said, 1 but for tho Bhort time I can stay with you, do let me have it. You cannot have set your heart upon it half so much as 2 have.' How little he kuew that I had a sort of horror of that room, while- consoious of its having a mysterious and unaccountable attraction for me and that it was a relief to feel myself not obliged to take possession of it just yet ! I knew that in tbe future something lay between me and something there-— undefined, vague, but yet, to my con viotion, true. I mast not enlarge on this. I have been called mad, thought mad ; nay, but for the surpassiDg and wonderful love which has been given me to make up for the utter blanks around me, I, who write this, would have been confined probably in a lunatic asylum, driven mad by the sights and Bounds. aronnd me ! ' We' 'are bo merciless in our judgments; we. know nothing — can only o jnjeoture what the f attire is ; tho invisible world around us ia peopled with beings; and, becauso some cannot and some will not' see them, when ??h-y ' can be seen, they call their presence delusions, insanity, and other things. How ever, I have promised not to dwell on these things. '. .-??''? ' 'y; : '..'i ?. ' ? .. ' When there is 'money, and when two people wofk: together 'for' 'one object, it is' Boon at. tain'od. In a few days— sooner than appeared possible—wo had a cook and man- servant ; room's in the towor were farniahed, every thing /was clean, and wo oat down to our dinner in my own old house' with afeeling of entire'eatisfa'ction. ' -' ';'' '';'.' . ??' ',.;'-.,,' .'? .'The first disagreeable .thing that occurred ;was that, when we wore going to bed, Bui Wei's' 'dog refused' to enter his masters room ; he bolted past me, showing all' his teuth, and went out into the night. Bulwor looked annoyed, but said nothing. I saw him into hie room, iaw' that a .good fire was blazing there and that everything %was right, a'nd'left him. ' . s. *. ?... Next morning, as I was dressing, I saw him walking up and down the terrace I have before mentioned, and hurried to join him. I v.t. knocked and astonished to see how pale he looked ; but he irritably put all my questions on ono side and changed the sub joot. The whole day ho waa odd in his manner ; then we had a long walk, and he scorned himsolf again in the evening. When bed-timo came he showed 4ne that he had Becured his dog, and, slipping his handkerchief through the collar, he led him off upstairs. Though I disliked the dog, and he undoubtedly disliked ' me, I could not help feeling sorry for him. Now he was evidently frightened out of his senses, he crouched, whined, and held back, wbilo shivering as though terrified, his hair all staring. Bulwer'B face was white and set; and when I asked him If I should Bhare his room, be answered angrily that he was neither a fool nor a child. It was early the next morning when I was awakened by a prolonged ory, and starting up, hurried on some elothes, and went to Bulwer'e room. Once there I found that the door could only open about an inch ; that something heavy was lying behind it. I called Bulwor, bat in vain, and fear giving mo additional strength I succeeded in opening it sufficiently to get in. When I entered I found Bulwer'B body lying on his dog, with outstretched arms, atid on lifting him np I found that the dog did not move ; he was dead ! To get my servant, to Bend for a doctor, and do all I could to recover my unfortunate friend, were my first actions. The doctor came soon, and Bulwer revived, I ooold give no account 01 me causa oe niB luness. fay manner was, I dare nay, odd, and I had not had time to dress, and I was recalled to a sense of my negleoted personal appearance when I saw how strangely he looked at me. When Bulwer oame to himself his first words were words no one but myself could interpret. Stretching out his hands in a peouliar way, he said, feebly, 'Find my head,' in modern Greek. Now Bolwer did not know Greek. What did it mean t His dog waa examined by my orders, and hip death was caused by nothing that any one could discover. Had he been a man, and an inquest held upon him, the. Verdict would have been, 'Died by the visitation,' etc. It was very mysterious. As soon as Bulwer was better he annoyed tne by declining to remain another night under my roof. I argued in vain. ' You have had a bad dream,' I said, among other t n i n f»B ' Did a droam kill my dog t' he said look ing at me fixedly. So he went : and, as I felt ill and upBet, I asked the doctor, who was to see him into the train, to come back to dinner and stay a few days with me. He looked oddly at me. and agreed to this, and I felt relieved. Then I remembered that now Bulwer was gone, I must go and take possession of his room. Must ; that is what I felt. I was impelled by some power I did not understand to do what, in roy Becrect heart, I was afraid of doing ; pnd the word ' afraid ' is not a pleasant word to own to as connected with one's self. , However, tho Doctor talked away cheerily, and told me a good deal new to me, among other things, that the daughter of tbe distant relative I had succeeded was left almost penniless, and that she was in Eome, train ing for an artist. I felt so sorry for her, and was angry that no one had put it in my power to do a simple act of justice in provid ing for her. The doctor went to my room with me, and gave a start when he saw the picture, which hung in its old place. ' It is curiously like—' he began. ' Like whom, doctor !' 'Like Mis3 Penryn,' he said, gravely, and then he bade me good night and left me. I sat for some time, thinking over his words and making plans for the immediate assistance of my cousin, in some way she would accept — my cousin, who was so pretty and so like that picture, and then I went to bed, lulled to sleep by the pleasant crackling sound of a blazing woodfire, and thinking, heaven knows, little of Bulwer or his dog, or the incidents of the paBt few days. I slept, and then something roused me. What was it ? A sigh was breathed clone to my ear. I was determined to listen to no fancies, and I impatiently turned round and tried to go to sleep ; but a sigh still louder and very pathetic made me sit up in bed, and as I did so the rustle of a woman's dress fell distinctly upon my car. Stiff with hor ror, I slowly turned my head to where it was, and saw — shall I ever forget that foarful moment — the hoadless body of a woman, gliding on between my bed and the fire-place. She was dressed in some sort of tissue, aud her movements made the unmistakable frou frou noise of a rioh and trailing garment. Sbe was moving from me, but I knew sho (was it not rather it ?) wonld turn and come towards me. I watched this figure, con scious of all the dread. I saw it turn ; it oame closer and closer ; then a hand touched me, and a voice said, in modern Greek, and soft and liquid tones, ' Find my bead.' I oould boar no more, and I fell back upon my pillow unconscious. CHAPTER II. . ? . ' You must have a chance,' said the Doctor, and he rubbed his hands. I had been movei into his room, and he bad nursed me most kindly. ' I must have a ohange,' I muttered. 'I must find the hoad.' .As I gpoke that sigh again fell npon my ear, I waa roused by the expression of tho Doctor's f»ce, nnd I guessed then, what I J found afterwards was tbe fact, that he was ] afraid my brain was touched, At that I moment n great resolution came upon me, \ and a feeling whioh proved of great service to me afterwards, I determined to control my feelings and to con coal them, and I began talking to tbe Doctor npon indifferent bus. ject8. I knew if I told him my story ho would not believe it, and I felt afraid of being de E rived of liberty. . I had hoard stories, and I new of people consideted inoxno on alight grounds enough. I must be careful. It was, however, terribloto me to hear the sigh perpetnally breathed into my ear, and to feel that perhaps at any moment that horrible figuro would appear before me. As onoe she bad done, bo once again she might do. One day, driven to desperation, I said aloud, forgetting that the Doctor might hear me, 'I swear— -I solemnly swear— to find your head ; only relieve me of your presence.' Luckily all my associations with this vision wove in the language she or it spoke ; there fore I, in speaking, unconsciously used that language ; then seeing the Doctor look up, and feeling what an oxtraprdintry apeeoh it would have sounded to him had he under stood- it, I could not help bursting out laugh ing, and I laughed long and loud. The Doctor's face recalled me to myself, and my position' began to be a most peculiar one. If the qno3tion ia considered carefully by any ono it will bo seen that, assume a man ' to be mod, his commonest aotiona are eccentric. If he laughs, be laughs madly ; and if he tries to explain, ideas that may bo sound . enough, it 19 taken for granted that, as he propounds thorn, they must.be most insano. Uy private thoughts were painful enough, F had solemnly sworn to find a head for a headless body. Why should I shrink from putting it more definitely? I had solemnly sworn to find the head for the headless body. How was I to do it ? Looking at it from ; every side, my wrotcbeduoss waa incon ceivable. If I spoke of u I should be con sidered mad. I could speak of it to no one. I must bear my burden alone. I have heard that people havo skeletons enough in .their cuiiboards, and I felt that if my Trurden was only a skeleton it would be moro caaily boriie. ' ' ? \ ' One afternoon I wont to the family burying S round, as I often, acted now, without aViy efinite purpose. It was a pretty place, with the horse-ohestnuts in great beauty, and the\ oheerful sound of bees humming all round. I sat upon a bank, when my eyes fell upon two Greek orosses I hod never before noticod. Stranga how this Greok influence soemed to bo ever present with me. I rose aud went to them. One hid an inscription npon it. I was not surprised to find this was also in modern Greok, bnt the words were most sur prising ? ' All things will bo ono day known, it is said; oven the crime ..which, has. so oruelly parted ns for a time. I wait for' theeVr' :?; ? ' .,-?,.' :'?,.;:? Looking at ths other whioh was blank; I saw the marble slab upon the. grass at its. foot waa loose, so loose that I oould lift it up a little; and doing ao, and looking iatoit, I saw it was empty. ? ^ What was the meaning of this empty tomb, and of the perpetual prosenoe of a restless figure, and the mention of a crime? It was an awful thought that oame upon me — yeR, npon me— de»oloped the guests, the horrible quest—/ had to find that head. I was packing in the room in which I had been taken ill, and, getting tired, I eat down to rest for a moment. As my oyeB wandered over the fireplace I saw what, till then, I had never noticed — on one sido it was open, the other was blocked up. I had learned to be wise in concealing any emotion ; and I said nothing till the Doctor' was there, and then, in a tone of indifference, I oalled his atten tion to it, and said how oddly it was built. He examined it carefully, and agreed with me ; and I added, in a tone as carelessly as I oould assume, ' 1 Bhall have it put Straight.' Tne same workmen we had employed before were told to brinp a mason ; and when they came I showed them the fire place, and told them to pull down the pro jection, so aa to make tho fireplace even on both aides. The old man, who was a mason, looked round the room with evidnnt curiosity, aod then, seeing my eyes fixed upon him, he said : 'I've many a time heard of this room, sir; it's the haunted room. My mother lived house-maid here long ago, aud this part of the houao was shut up. No one would live in it.'1 I showed as little interest as I could ; but the sound of a laugh I gave was accom panied by the deep sigh which 1 now began to expect always The man set to work ; and the old man, who was fond of talking, said: ' No workman ever built this up, sir ; it's an odd job altogether.' As he spoke, a well directed blow made a big hole ; and, breathless with excitement, I saw a chest stamtiug ereot. Losing my self command, I grasped the Doctor's arm, aud said: _ 'Before that cheat s open, I know what lies there. There is the headless body of a woman dressed in gold stuff.' ' For God's sake, control yourself before these men 1' said the doctor earnestly, ' or they may think you mad I' But I looked forward ; the lid was hinged ; and when they opened it, there lav before iir the headless body of a woman, dressed in gold stuff. The body waa embalmed and perfect ; the small hands lay olasped lightly together ; ou the dress was pinned a slip of discolored paper, on which the one word 11 Vengeanco ' was written in. Greek. The Btrong aromatic smell, the sudden sight in the flesh of what I had seen in the spirit, quite overcame me, and I was led from the room by the Doctor. I gave orders, however, that the chest was to be laid as it was in the Greek tomb; and I remember vividly the look on the Doctor's face when I told him it was empty. And as soon as I waa able, X left home to go to Italy, on my way to Greece ; but did not tell this to the Doctor, whose patients were clamoring for him ; he only thought I was going to Italy. I did not tell him more because, though I felt that in Greece alone I might find some clue to the ghastly thing I was bound to search for, he would have been inquisitive ; and we parted on very good terms. One thing alone he refused to do for me ; he would not give me the address of my cenain, if he know it. I tried in vain ; he got quite angry at last, and I was obliged to bo content. I knew why he dreaded our meeting. He con sidered me ' odd' and he was afraid of bringing us together. Yes; had he boen able to do so, tho being to whom I owe all my happinoss, all my peace, would havo been withheld from me. I owe him nothing. (To bt continued.) 