3ft£aUar00 Cirnes. WALLAROO. WEDNESDAY, OCTOBEB 18, 1881. "WE are pleased to note the efforts that are being made by the Professor of Agriculture to form an institution, at which farmers' sons will be able to obtain < the class of education of which so many' of their fathers are deficient. But we would venture once more to suggest that | something is necessary to meet present] requirements-to make up for the want j of experience in agriculture which so' many, who are at present following the j occupation of farmers, labor under. Wei . are fully aware of the tender nature of the ground upon which we are treading, when referring to this subject. It is a difficult thing to make a man who has taken up a piece of land, and perhaps obtained a good crop or two, believe that unless he has had a more extended knowledge of agriculture than could possibly be obtained, even since the passing of oar more liberal land laws, he "does not know ail that is necessary in leoimection with farming. Now, we are aware that in most thing* it is more easy to find fault than to .provide a remedy; bat in objecting to the cmwise system adopted by, «r« nay Bafely say, the majority of farin«5rs, it is calling attention to an evil, about the existence of which there.is not the aIighte^8o*ibt; butat thesametime it iB ojiEMsasily \emedied if only a com !}ined eSd|l*8 r m acta in the proper direc ; ^interested. . Shis is a .ff mwu fcffwffwor of Agriculture can be very useful in, but at the same time we fully recognise the difficulties which lie will experience in connection with the " bug-bear" of colonial . experienceconsequently, at the present time, the greatest amount of responsibility rests with the Partners' Association, and, if for a time at least that body would cease prating, about science, and betake itself to the work of disseminating a thorough knowledge of' the rudiments in connection with farming, the Association would be performing a task which* if it had the disadvan tage of being less high sounding would have the recommendation of being mora useful, and consequently bet ter calculated to advance the best inter- ) ests of the farmers, and at the same time insure greater prosperity to the country. For the hundredth time we would ven ture to assert that a farmer's prosperity does not depend so much upon the yield of his crops as on the economy to be ex ercised in carrying out the details con nected with his holding. To Cultivate this spirit of economy then is what we should like to see the Association set about; for there are scores who in trying to do the right thing may adopt that which is after all" mistaken economy. A farmer who tries to obtain a maximum of work at a minimum of cost, by starving his cattle and neglecting needful repairs to his implements, will find at the end of theseason that he is out of pocket, as com pared with the man who in the first in stance incurs a larger expenditure in the feeding of his stock and maintenance of his plant. The best way of getting a man to forsake an objectionable line of j conduct, is not always to tell him that he is wrong. The better plan will be, by a prudent course of conduct, to let him find out for himself that he is not right. In going through the country some most disreputable holdings are met with, and yet, if a change is suggested, the advice is at once spurned on the ground of expense. Now, we do not ad vocate the system of keeping a farmer's nose continually at the grind stone; but there is little doubt that it is possible for almost any farmer, by the expenditure of, say, an hour's labor every morning, to have by the end of the year comfortable steeding, and the necessary outbuildings for his farm, without en croaching to any extent upon his banking account. If the Association would, then, encourage the offering of prizes annually for the " best kept farm-" and at the same time, have a fixed standard and get estimates from farmers throughout the colony as to the cost incurred aud labor expended in bringing their farms up to such scale, it would have the effect of bringing a hitherto neglected subject prominently before agriculturists, and we feel convinced many would be so thoroughly astonished at the easy access to a better system, that they would at onC-e decide upon a reformation. "We sincerely '"P' tiie mt3mi>era of the As sociation, insi""»d of diking science' wi" betake them to the A B C of forming, and combine with Profe®* Cnrtance in carrying out some experiments in the ! wav we bave indicated. THESE is published in Monday's " Advet ' tiner,** a characteristic letter from Mr W, J. ! Venning, of Crystal Brook, with the follow I ing " hifalutin" opening" The staple 1 industry of South Australia is pre- eminently ! agriculture. Whatever is done for the good of the agriculturists is equally for the rest of the community; the farmer's prosperity is everyooe's. We bave been witnesses to the fact that this colony, where the country was regarded only as a desert, has by the labor and skill of the farmers been tara«L in many parts into fruitful fields of corn. That ? industry is capital to the country, not far mers as individuals, bot to all people. There is a vagueness about the whole affair worthy of Captain "Jack Bunsby." Another am us ing feature is that the writer pens with all the confidence of an original thinker, facts that were known and forgotten long before Mr Venning did the world the honor of being born. This is carried to such an extent that we feel compelled to do something in turn that is likely to repay the " Father of the Farmers' Association." We, therefore, beg [ to convey to him the startling and mournful , intelligence that" Queen Anne is dead. 1 We wonld direct attention to the reprehensible 1 roadxict of a number of young men who mett , ' racing an horseback through the strests of "Esdlns, i and serosa the Matta Flat, on Sunday afternoon, Oct 19- How ibpy managed to escape the notice of fee police is uss^eountable. We trnst that should such an exhibition aga& take place, the authorities will take prompt step* pat it dawn. A cricket match will be played this afternoon et Wallaroo, between the Moonta United and Wallaroo Cricket Clubs. As this is the first match of the season to be played in the town, we doubt not but that it will draw together a large number of those interested in cricket. The match will take place at two o'clock p.m., on the ground belonging to the local team, behind the residence of Mr Shepherdson. A match will be fired this afternoon, at the Wallaroo Rifle Range between six members of the Blyth Company and a like number belonging to the Wallaroo contingent, of the Yorke's Peninsula No. 1 Company. On the following evening, (Thursday), at a quarter to Six o'clock, the company will be inspected by Major Roberts the Field Officer for the district. The military band will be in attendance. The Director of the Hamley Mining Company, limited have declared a dividend of 5s per share. Our report of the services held at the Wal laroo Mines Primitive Methodist Church, will appear in our next issue. We have received from the publishers, Messrs Freareon Bro., an illustrated souvenir of . the first Adelaide Exhibition. It is a most complete and useful little work, giving a full description of the rarioafi exhibits and exhibitors names with the" awards. It also contains pictures of the Governor and the Mayor of Adelaide, besides a host of other views. The book is well printed and should meet with a ready sale. On Sunday evening last, while Mr Elisha Whitford was away from home, at the Wesleyan Sunday School Anniversary, Yelta, a thief broke into his house through the window, and suc ceeded in taking away an overcoat, but Mrs Whitford going home a little earlier than usual, disturbed his operations, when he immediately made off. A youth was taken into custody on Monday on suspicion. We hear that in several places where it was anticipated the young wheat was. dying off, the late rains have had the effect of almost restoring them. On some fields which presented a dry and withered appearance, there is now a likelihood of a crop being leaned. The late sown Tops will be greatly benefitted by the nice fall of rain but the early ones, in many places, will be but light. The bazaar in connection with the Primitive Methodist Church, Kadina, was continued on Saturday afternoon at the same place, (Mr Gaskell's Schoolroom). The attendance was nearly as good as on the previous Wednesday. Sales were brisk; and altogether the bazaar has turned out a financial success, the promoters having realized as much as they expected, besides having a large portion of the goods yet on hand. We understand the balance of the goods left will be sold ptivately. At the meeting held on Monday evening at the Institute, Wallaroo, to make arrangements for the annual meeting of the Wallaroo Branch of the British and Foreign Bible Society-Mr Malcolm who has been acting as Secretary give a short re port of the work done. A list of officers and Committee were submitted (and if the gentlemen consent) the appointments will be made at the public meeting to take place on the 11th -Nov. The programme for the annual meeting was ar ranged and adopted and the meeting then closed. A serious accident occurred, on the Kadina and Agery road, last Sunday week, to a man named Pearce. It would appear that Mr Pearce, who had been preaching in the Boor's Plains Bible Christian Chapel, was proceeding towards Kadina on horseback, when his horse stumbled and fell throwing him to the ground and breaking his collar bone. Mr Pearce was picked up by Mr J. Wearn, and brought into Kadina, where he was attended to by Dr Robinson. He is, we are in- formed, progressing favorably. Ihe crop* at Boor's Plains and Penang, since the " latter rains," have wonderfully improved; and an average ay harvest his anticipated. Those at Tickera, Niunes, and Green's Plains hays j assumed a healthier appearance, and it is antici- I pated, should there be a continuance of light' showers, that a fair average crop will be | reaped.. j A meeting of the Wallaroo Board of Advice was held at the Court House, Kadina, on Tuesday afternoon, 18th inst. Present-Messrs T. H. Hall, J.P. (in the chair), J. Malcolm, J.P., F. W. Gur ner, J.P., and E. Warmington, J.P., also Mr Vock ing, Chief-Inspector of Schools, and Mr Naughton -the following charges for irregular attendance were heard and dealt with- From Wallaroo Mines School, 9 cases; Kadina School, 27- The pro- posal to establish evening schools was introduced and we are informed further action will be taken by the Board. The meeting adjourned at 4.30. To-day, 19th Oct., the Board will meet at the Court House, Wallaroo, when several cases of irregular attendance will be considered. The anniversary services of the Wesleyan Sunday School, Yelta, were held on Sunday and Monday, 16th and 17th October. The morning and evening services were conducted by the Rev. J. Y. Simpson of Adelaide, the afternoon, by the Rev. John Lloyd of Wallaroo. The childrens' singing was excellent, and reflected very great credit on their teacher, Mr Nancarrow. The collections were good, and far exceeded expec tations. The congregations were very large on each occasion. On Monday, the children re ceived their usual treat, after which a public tea was held, which was well attended. The public meeting commenced at 7 o'clock, and was presi ded over by Captain Faull. The Secretary read a very encouraging report- Addresses were delivered by the Revs. Rogers, (Baptist), John Lloyd, and R. M. Hunter. The Church was again quite full. Vaccination is now becoming the order of the day in Wallaroo. Both old and young may be seen at the Wallaroo Hospital waiting their tur» to be operated upon. " Prevention is better than cure," but we trust that the scare for this extra precaution may never be realized in our midst. On this subject the Register says One of the results of the scare that has arisen regarding the outbreak of smallpox in New South Wales is that parents have shown great anxiety to have their children vaccinated, while numbers of adults have also had the operation performed upon them, the total number of persons vaccina ted during the past two months being no less than 12,000. In conneetion with this subject it may be stated that a letter having been received from Br Benjafields, of Hobart, Tasmania, offer ing to supply the Government with calf lymph which he had obtained from Bombay, a quantity of the lymph was ordered, and has been dis tributed among the vaccination officers of the province. Qui Tickera correspondent writing on the l7tb fret, sayarr-4-t last the long and continuous dry jreathcr hfU cwae jtoaueod, but, unfortunately, oae qjwih too ltfe the crop*. The farmen were jubilant stffee bflginwg of fte feapop, hut ^they am now the reverse,' as there i* U9 ch&Pfie; a good "hay harvest. The crops, bowerar. gte healthy in appearance, but very short. Our local cricketers hare been going in for play rather Jiepvily of late. A teamfrom Wallaroo played a match wit& pgr local club, a few days ago, when i a very pleasant day men£.!._Xunch wafj provided to ih» f&an;, w» 0 jafojl : . " :: i welcome by Mesdames Cook, Cross, and Burden The day'* sport was wound up by a grand ball in the evening. The ladies mentioned are deserv ing of .the Tcry beet thanks of the general public and the cricketers in particular . for thus so generously coming forward. The Tiokera' dam is now empty. The farmers Ending themselves shV>rt of water carted .it all away from the dam and stored it for safety. A serious accident happened on the Kadina road hear the boundary ofthe town of Wallaroo, on Sunday-evening last. Mr Robert Wiltshire was proceeding home in his buggy, drawn by a pair of horses, whilst Mr Charles Nicholas and some others were coming to Wallaroo. The horse that was ridden by Nicholas became u n -managable shortly before they met the buggy, and the consequence was that he plunged at a swing gallop between Mr Wiltshire's two horses. The shock, as may be imagined was tremendous, Mr Nicholas was thrown from his horse on to the buggy, by which means he received some dangerous cuts about the head and face. One of the buggy horses had its shoulder knocked out, and Nicholas' horse received such injuries that it was unable to rise, and had to be shot next day. None of the occupants of the buggy were injured ; but Mr Nicholas is still enduring great suffering, although no serious consequences are apprehend- ed. In our report of the T. P. A. Society's Show ou Wednesday last, we inadvertently omitted to specify several specially well executed and handsome contributions to Anson's corner, and take very much pleasure in now making such corrections as will render unto Caesar that which is Cesar's, and encourage we trust our friends to exercise their talent on future occasions for the ornamentation of our Shows and the gratification of visitors. We find that the Splash work Cross, so generally admired, was the work of Miss E L. Anson. Tlie Poonah paintings were contribu ted by the Misses Bickford, Snell, A. M. An eon and Mrs Wright respectively. Two of the Oriental paintings with cone work frames, were executed and exhibited by Miss Snell, and one each by the Misses Carie Opie, Annie Merrineld, and D. Davies. The picture of a Game Cock by Mr Christmas, Jr., was in oil and not water color as stated in our report. We also omitted to mention two very novel and pretty specimens of ornamental screens worked in colored cottons by Miss A. M. Anson* On Monday night the people of Moonta who heard-Mr Burgess lecture were treated to a dis play of eloquence and speaking power such as can rarely be heard on the Peninsula or else where. Selecting as his subject the contest between the Trident and the Cross in India, the lecturer for rearly two hours poured forth a stream of oratory that carried hi8 hearers away by its resistless force. Glowing word pictures of Hindoo scenery and people; humourous anecdotes of missionary street preaching ex periences; pathetic accounts of the sufferings entailed upon the Hindoo adherents of Chris tianity by the stern distinctions of caste and fieroe prejudice of Hindoo priesthood ; stirring descriptions of the stern contest between the religion of the Hindoo, full of error, but strong in the strength of its long ages' hold upon the people, and the new faith the missionary proclaimed ; these interspersed with wit, sarcasm, and striking simile followed each other with a power that held the audience i»if spellbound, and left no doubt that an orator stood before them. Mr Burgess delivers the fame lecture at Kadina this evening, and to those who admire rare eloquence we can only say, " go and hear him." The Advertiser'* London correspondent's tele grams of Oct. 15, says:-The Times this morning has an ^article dealing with the progress wh^ has been made by the colony of Tasmania during the last two years or so, in which it congratulates that colony on the advancement it is making. It refers to the vast strides which have been made of late in the export of wool, metals, and fruit from Tasmania, and speaks in approbatory terms of the stepB which have been taken to develop | the resources of Tasmania. The island, it.says, appears to have awakened from a long lethargy, and it prognosticates a bright future for it Some of the leading spirits in connection with our Farmers' Association will do well to study the following paragraph token from the last num ber of Adelaide Punch :-Farmers' Association ! We do not profesB to discuss subjects very thor oughly, but we must confess to a feeling of disap pointment at the meagre bare reselts our Far mers' Association has achieved. Apparently the farmers have never definitely settled what their Association was started for. They did not intend it to be a political organisation pure and simple, and they have failed in making it a mutually help ful combination. It's a mongrel association, which by internal disassociation and disagreement is prevented from .becoming powerful. Either the Association should combine for political pur poses, or it should, as a non-political body, con fine itself to /the study of agricultural topics and the dissemination of information thereupon. But after all, vanitas Vffnitafum. We endeavor, in our individual and respective spheres, to aep the world right; perhaps, after all, we are wrong. It's our mission to speak as we think, so oar form ing friends must take it for what it's worth, re membering that" Ifs only truth that hits." Commenting pp the working giris' club that is being formed in Adelaide, tfye " L.y. Cfragette" says" The factory girls and shopwomen are to have 4 club, religiously ' exclusive of what Mrs Partington terns the " male-jgander." They are to bare cards, bagatelle,* &c.;, &c.;, and we pre j autpe jn these days of the omnipotent cigarette, a ' empking-rooB: fcUo. Bat- we don't think the scheme likely tp ^tjswer. jGiub life 4c§f not im prove owb, &nd; it certainly wijl not women. Fancy a workman selecting » wife from ait imti . tution where she has learnt to screw in off the .red bagatelle, or to " go alone" in an exciting game of enchre. Besides, even- Solomon's and Brigbam Young's womankind could.' not keep theprjUttle-tongues flf finger-ijails ^uiet when left to jtlicfot$lv$s. The jteni for sHcfcing^-pUister will atone. l-rma serious item in the Glairs ex penditure. We presume that the affair will be .conducted on strictly temperance principles nothing stronger than eau de-Cologne being allowed on the premises, Tbp thing ipgy fcke for a time, as a novelty. As an institution, however, it will be about as great a BUCCOBS as that melan choly abortion, the Bushman's Glub, and from the same reason-a foundation on wrong princi-; plw» Do you. think a lot of females ttegoing to' spend their evenings in looking at each otherP Bosb! A vise philosopher onoe eaid that if all the men in the world were pat on one island, and all the women on an adjacent one, there would be a lot of women drowned. The inference is obvious. The dear creatures l;ke to Bee and he seen. Ho, Mr Gh Shirreff Bowyear, Hon. Sec., you mean well, but you have not' hit the ball's eye this trip. It is noteworthy, the Lancet remarks, as a curious yet easily explicable fact, that few persona take cold who are not either -self con sciously careful, or fearful of the consequence of exposure. If tbe attention be wholly diverted from the existence of danger by some supreme concentration of thought-as, for example, when escaping froth a house on fire or plungiDg into cold water to save life-the effects of " chill" are seldom experienced. This alone should serve to suggest that the influence exerted by cold falls on the nervous syBtem. The immediate effects of! a displacement of blood from the surface, and its determination to the internal organs, are not, as was once supposed, sufficient to produoe the sort of congestion that issues in inflammation. If it were so, an inflammatory condition would be the common characteristic of our bodily state. When tbe vascular system is healthy, and that 1 part of tbe nervous apparatus by which the calibre of the vessels is controlled performs its proper functions normally, any disturbance of equilibrium in the circulatory system which may have been produced by external cold will be quickly adjusted. It is, therefore, on the state of the nervous system that everything depends, and it is, as we have said, on the nervous syBtem the stress of a " chill" falls. This is one reason why the habit of wrapping up tends to create a morbid susceptibility. The mind by its fear begetting precaution keeps the nervous system on tbe alert for impressions of cold, and the centres ar«, so to say, panic stricken when even a slight sensation occurs. An English Exchange says:-How in coarse of time we are going to find occupation for out female population without injuring many of the modes of labour by which the opposite sex obtain a livelihood is becoming every day a problem more exciting and complicated. There is no doubt that year by y«ar women are entering into stronger competition with men in their efforts ta obtain an independent living, and that it u becoming *s common amongst the females resi ding in this island to learn a trad* or profession as is at present the caste in France. The fact, indeed, that the population ot England compri ses & much larger proportion of women than men goes far to point to a state of affairs not far distant when female applicants for work will, like Banquo's ghost, at last " push us from oui tools." At the present time there is a glut in the female market. If one advertises for a gir to fill the least lucrative post, one will at least receive visits or letters from a couple of hundred persons of all ages desirous of obtaining the situation. This was the direct cause of a .' scene" which occurred the other day in El*et Street, where, in reply to a simple written an nouncement posted on the door of an office in one of the courts there, at 'east five hundred girls and women crowded the narrow alley and blocked up a part of the thoroughfare-al] waiting for nn interview with the " gent" who stood in need of an office cleaaer. The news of a fearful case of suffering comes to a* through the Dumfries correspondent of the Scotchman.-There were brought before Bailie Murdoch, in the Police Court on Monday, June 20, three children (sisters), the eldest 14 years, tbe second 9 years, and the yonngest an infant of one year and nine months, under the following extraordinary circumstances:-On Sunday even ing they were met near Moblehill, a mile from Dumfries, and their weary and worn- out appear ance attracted attention, and the Rev. J. Cooper, Townhead U.P. Church, took them to his house, gave them food, and got them provided for the night. The statement of tbe eldest girl was that their names were Maggie, Annie, and Sarah Alice Kavangah. That their father had been a shoemaker at Manchester, but bad gone to Glas gow to work in a shoe factory in Renfield Street. Their mother deserted them. Young as they were, they resolved, as their only hope of finding their father, to go to GHasgow, and for this pur pose they left Manchester on Thursday, 9th inst,, in order to walk to Glasgow, the elder caTying the youngest child. They made application at the police offices in the towns which they passed for lodgings, and generally got their breakfalt also, which was the most of their tood, as they never begged. On their way a gentleman paid the railway fare from Lancaster to Preston, the only part of the way they did not walk, and it does not appear that any of the officials on their journey had made any inquiries in order to assist them in discovering their father nntil they reached Dumfries. Mr-Malcolm, superintendent of police, being informed of the case, brought the children, as already stated, before Bailie Mur doch, and suggested that the children should ba sent to the poorhouse for a week in order to allow of him making inquiries after their father j and the Magistrate gave an order for their admisiion. The eldest is slim and small for her age, but is very sharp and intelligent, and the second is a bright, good-look>ng child. They had travelled for eleven days, and were hoping to reach Q-lasgow next week. 