%\xt -Mt3$znQzx. English M ail . ? ; - In our summary last month of the proceedings of the Church Congres at Leicester we had no space to mention certain outside meetings which were held in the town during the session of Congress. Some of these were of considerable interest and importance, and were largely attended. As one might naturally expect, a meeting was held to condemn the Burials' Bill, which, though now become law, is still regarded by a large section of the clergy as unjust alike in prin ciple and operation. A second meeting was one in aid of the Church Reform Union, which seems to be a society of 'liberal' Churchmen, established to facilitate the appointment of Parochial Councils, so as to give bond fide parishioners an interest in parochial affairs, by allowing them a certain amount of control over the services in the Parish Church, of much the same character as is exercised by the Parochial Vestries in this colony. The Rev. Harry Jones, Rector of St. George-in-the-East, London, was the chairman. Resolutions in favour of Parochial Councils, of the abolition of clerical subscription, and of reform in the present system of Church Patronage, were unanimously adopted. The friends of the Free and Open Church Asso ciation also had their gathering, under the presidency of Earl Nelson, who was accompanied to the platform by a large array of men of note, both clergy and laity. The Bishop of Tasmania moved a resolution in favour of the objects of the Society, in the interests of the poor of the large towns who have little opportunity for privacy in their own homes. The Church of England Worlring Men's Society, which origin ated, we believe, in connection with St. Alban's, Holborn, also put for ward its claim to public attention. The Society now numbers many branches in various parts of the country, and is a sort of English Church Union for working men. At this meeting the Burials' Act came in for unsparing condemnation, as 'trenching on the rights of Church men, the laws of property, and the interests of religion and morality.' Another meeting was that of the Association for the Removal of Bishops from the House of Lords. The attendance did not exceed thirty persons ; but this lack of public sympathy failed to prevent the carrying of resolutions to the effect that 'the atmosphere of political expediency which pervades the House of Lords is preju dicial to the spiritual character of the Bishops ;' and ' that the Bishops hinder the reform of Church government by treating Parliament as a Synod.' English Churchmen, however, are appa rently not yet ready for this step in advance. It is possible they never will be— at least, till disestablishment comes, which may God. for ever avert. On 27fch October Lord Penzance sat in his private room at the House of Lords as Dean of Arches, and heard an application under the Public Worship Regulation Act to pronounce in ' contempt' the Rev. T. P. Dale, Rector of St. Vedast's, Foster-lane, London, for having neglected to comply with a monition of his lordship issued in February, 1879, requiring him to abstain from certain ritualistic practices; and to signify the said ' contempt' to the High Court of Chancery. The application was granted, and on the following Saturday (30th) Mr. Dale was arrested at his private residence, and conveyed to Holloway Gaol. He is a son of the well-known Canon Dale, late Vicar of St. Pancras, and is now, we believe, over sixty years of age. Lord Penzance, we learn by telegraph, dealt out, a few days after, the same measure of law to the Rev. R. W. Enraght, Incumbent of Holy Trinity, Bordesley, Birmingham, and he also was committed to prison. In both cases, it appears, appeals have been lodged to the House of Lords, and the prisoners have regained their liberty. The following notice was posted on the door of Mr. Dale's Church the day following his arrest : — ' In consequence of the Rector of this Parish being confined in prison for conscience' sake, there will be no service in this Church till further notice.' Some clergymen are more fortunate than Mr. Dale.' The Rev, A. JS. MaoJionochie, of St. Alban's, Holborn, on his return from a recent tour in America, found that the. fund to recoup him for the loss he has sustained through the sequestration of the income of bis benefice by Lord Penzance, for an offence similar to that of Mr. Dale, has so prospered that a sum of £250 per annum is now guaranteed him for the three years during which the sequestra tion lasts. The value of his benefice is £150 per annum; he there fore gains £100 per annum by his legal misfortunes. At St. Paul's Cathedral, London, on the Feast of SS. Simon and Jude (28th October), Dr. G. B. Moule was consecrated to the See of Mid-China, Dr. C. P. Scott to the See of North China, and Dr. Enos Nuttall, of Jamaica, to the See of Jamaica, by the Archbishop of Canterbury, assisted by three English, three Colonial, and three retired Bishops. Among the last was Bishop Perry. The sermon was preached by Archdeacon Perowne from 1 Cor. xvi. 9. Great consternation was created during the service by the sudden faint ing of the Bishop of Trinidad. He was carried out, and placed under medical treatment. The following day, we are glad to learn, he had recovered his usual health. . The Vicarage of St. Peter's, London Docks, vacant by the death of the Eev. C. F. Lowder, has been accepted by the Eev. R. A. J. Suckling, who resigns a country living in Suffolk of the value of £490 per annum, with a population of 217, in order to take charge of this laborious mission district in one of the worst neighbour hoods of East London. May the success of his future work amply repay him for the sacrifice of present ease. The Kev. H. Wright, Incumbent of St. John's, Hampstead, was, it will be remembered, recently drowned in one of the Cumberland lakes. His congregation have collected upwards of £500 as a memorial of his worth, and have presented it to the Church Mis sionary Society, of which he was hon. secretary at the time of his sudden summons. The committee of Sehvyn College, Cambridge, on All Saints' Day last found themselves in a position, through the liberality of two donors, to begin the erection of the first block of the College build ings. This will include the students' quarters, and give accommoda tion to about sixty. Hall, chapel, and masters' house will still remain to be provided. It is hoped that the first stone will be laid after Easter of the current year. ? At the Ripon Diocesan Conference, held the first week of October, at Leeds, the question of the extension of the Diaconate was fully discussed. In another column we give the decision of the General. Synod of the Province of Canada on this important question ; and it is interesting to note how an English Diocesan Assembly arrives at a like conclusion. The Rev. C. H. Sale read a paper in favour of admitting certain persons of ability and education to Ihe Diaconate without requiring them to abandon their secular callings. He con tended that nothing like the risks would attend this revival of an apostolical order which had been faced by the institution of lay readers. He believed that any seeming incongruities that might present themselves would arise rather from novelty than from any inherent incompatibility between the title and proper work of a deacon and honourable secular employments, and would soon cease to be 'felt. The alternative proposal of a sub-diaconate would, he thought, be comparatively useless. Canon Jackson, of Leeds, supported Mr. Sale's proposal, and asserted that if only a thousand volunteers offered for the office it would be equivalent to an increase in the Church's means of £150,000 a year. A petition to the Convo cation of York, which embodied the following resolution, was carried without a dissentient vote : — 'That this Conference, having regard to the increased and increasing needs and difficulties of the Church by reason of the deficiency of clergy, begs your Synod to take such measures as, upon inquiry, may sesn fit, in order to add to the numbers of the clergy, and to the efficiency of their ministrations, by an extension of the Diaconatn.' It is easily seen in what direction the current of Church thought, both in England and the colonies, is drifting on the subject. Perhaps more information and further reflection may induce the opponents of the proposal among ourselves to change their minds. Our readers are aware that the new Burials1 Act has created considerable commotion among our fellow Churchmen in England. It was, no doubt, a sop thrown by a liberal Government to the xadical Cerberus. It now seems very probable that, under the circumstances, all new burial grounds will remain unconsecrated. The Bishops of Lincoln and Gloucester and Bristol have, therefore, issued forms of service for use on special occasions at funerals, and give a ' form for blessing the grave,' to be used immediately before the interment in places where the ground has not received consecra tion. We subjoin the form of benediction appointed by the latter prelate : — 'Almighty and most merciful God, who has taught us in Thy Holy Word that the bodies of the faithful are members of Christ and temples of the Holy Ghost, and that having been sown in weakness they will be raised in power, we humbly beseech Thee to sanctify this portion of ground to be the peaceful resting-place of the mortal remains of our dear brother here departed, even until the day when the grave shall give up its dead, and we shall all stand before the judgment-seat of Christ. For that day prepare us, O Lord, in Thy mercy, and give us grace so to number our days, and in the midst of life so to think upon death, that at the last we may have our part in the resurrection to eternal life with Him who died for our sins, and rose again for our justification, and now liveth and reigneth with Thee and the Holy Ghost, one God, world without end. Amen.' Might not permission be asked to use this, or some similar form, in our own diocese ? Our colonial graveyards are all, or nearly all, unconsecrated. A Harvest Thanksgiving was celebrated for the first time in St. Paul's Cathedral, London, on 4th October. The Bishop of Bedford preached from James i. 17. There was an immense congregation, and a magnificent service. A new book of private devotions, entitled Morning, Noon, and Night, is about to be published by Eliot Stocks The contributors, are all clergymen of the Evangelical school, and among them is Bishop Perry. The editor is Canon Garbett. Mr. Willis Probyn Nevins, who some time ago ' went over' to Eome, has felt constrained, we are glad to learn from the Guardian, to return to the Church of England. i2e-verts seem more numerous nowadays than ^w-verts. We hope it is really so. The Church in Scotland has for some years been in the enjoyment of a Representative Council, consisting of the bishops, diocesan officers, parochial clergy, and a lay representative from each congrega tion. The fifth annual meeting of this Council was held in Aber deen, on 13th and 14th October. It was presided over by the Most Rev. the Primus (the Bishop of Moray and Ross), and several ques tions of a practical character, chiefly relating to finance, education, and Home Missionary work, were debated and decided. A most interesting gathering in support of the Foreign Missions of the Church in Kaffraria and Central India followed at the close of the business meetings. There was a good attendance, and the proceedings were most enthusiastic. It is worthy of remark that the Representative Council, or Church Assembly, of the Church in Scotland makes no claim to deal with questions relating to doctrine, ritual, or discipline. These are left to be dealt with by the bishops and clergy in their sacred Synods; and in this way it is believed that the best solution has been found of the problem of clerical and lay co-operation in the affairs of the Church. We are inclined to think so too. 