Light and Shade. BY ENDYMION. READER, do you like ghosts? I don't mean ghosts of the vulgar sort that come tapping and peeping and whispering into the bedrooms of dyspeptic youths or hysteric women. Still less do I mean the meaner ghoata that comb at the beck and call of " medium*," with solemn faces and doubtful grammar. I mean the ghosts you can raiae by turning over old papers—pale dis embodied shapes of bygone loves and hates, joys and sorrows—till the whole room in which you perform the incantation is full of the phantoms, and your ears tingle with the eerie peals of dead laughter, of vanished sobs, and of buried threatening. Tou may take my word for it, there was a rare commotion of this sort in the old George-atreet office when the Queentlander flitted from the spot where it had been born. I protest I dared hardly walk about the deßerted roomß where the phantoms held high carnival There was hardly a scrap of dirty paper lying among the litter wbioh had not some bygone record attached to it. It was especially the old quarrels that attracted me. There was something pathetic in the ancient espistolary shaking of fists long since grown still and passive, of heartburnings that have been cooled for ever. Of course these records are sacred. It is not for any journalist to drag them out of the tomb in a recognisable shape. But here is a specimen, referring evidently to a quarrel of which the very memory baa vanished. It is an old half sheet of letter paper ad* dressed by one correspondent to another :—" If within a week from this date you do not make good that assertion wbioh is calculated to damage me, or else retract the same, I shall consider you a malignant slanderer." There is more, of course, whioh might, if published, le^d to its recognition. Does tho writer, who in living, remember the words T If so, do they1 not raiue up before his eyes a moat melancholy shade, the disembodied spirit of a dead quarreif But thU v not my vein. Bring iv the waterpot and broom, lay the dust, and send the ghosts back to the place from whence they came. What is this I hear?—another syndicate ! Tea, positively, and with the immaculate Samnel to it too. Whither are we drifting T I begin to (eel sus picion of everything and of everybody, aud to imagine myself surrounded by an impalpable but for all that very strong uetwork, in the con struction of which the cunning of a Beore of Thomasaens and the wealth of a Rothschild have been expended. Of course it would be notisenae for me to pretend that I waa not awate of the influence I exercise in the body politic, t cannot conceal from myself that I,Endymion,am a power in the State ; but I feel that my power largely de pends on my independence, and I am beginning to fear that even I may in some mysterious way be got at An for M'Hwraitb, M'Eaohorn, and Co., and all that crowd, you know my opinion about them ; but I always felt safi while I believed I had the Ariatides of the Opposition to fall back upon. " There," I would say to myself, "is my sheet anchor, my tower of strength, my beacon light to guido and sustain' me when tempted beyond my strength. If any of 'those wicked syndicates should try the faith of Kndy mion, he will turn to Griffith for help and counsel, and not ' all the wealth of Ormujß or of Ind' shall shake the firm purpose of hi* souL" But now what am I to do ? My " guide, philosopher, and friend" turns oat to be no better than he should be—in short, * syndicator. Oh dear, it is a great shock, and I feel so morally limp and feeble that I am afraid to trust myself in the company of any bat the guilelesß brotherhood of the Fourth Estate. Let me remonstrate with the Government. They may be deaf to my ooanseL bat I must fain offer it, nevertheless. Why, then, do they persist in treating the "third party" a* a-too* body ? It—the third party—is a- moat gentle* manly association of I don't know how many imaginary patriots rolled into one, and present* ing to the spectator's eye the graceful form of the honourable member for the Mitchell aolus. But this third party ought, nevertheless* to be recognised, and his well-turned sentences listened to as well as embalmed in the pages of " Hansard." Let me, however, comfort the dis< consolate gentleman by a brief quotation from the philosophy of Dr. Holmes:—"Talk about conceit as much as you like," says the doctor, " it is to human character what salt is to the ocean ; it keeps it sweet and renders it endurable. When one baa had all his conceit taken out of him"— which de Satge* has not yet had, by the way— "when he has lostallhisillusions,his feathers will soon soak through, and he will fly no more." It is unjust, perhaps, to say that the gay member for the Mitchell flies since his legislative wjngs were clipped, but he is still inimitable in the rdlet of the peacock and the magpie. The Legislative Assembly Standing Orders say that " the Government bench on the right* hand of the chair shall be reserved for members holding office under the Crown, and the Go vernment bench on the left-hand of the chair is ordinarily occupied by members who have held office under the Crown." I never could understand before reading this how M'Lean, who is not usually esteemed a leading politician, and Ren, who leads in waspy jokes and nursery rhymes, so persistently occupied the front bench with Griffith and Dickson. M'Lean hat held < ffice, if only for three weeks, and if Kea has not, his beat friends will not deny that he wishes to. With so im posing a quartette of leadrrs, is it wonderful that the Liberal party is not led. on to victory \ 0, Samuel, Samuel ! when wilt thou learn that a politician is known by the company he selects ? When Soot meets Soot then cornea the tug of war. It was a bold move for Black, of Mackay, to go to the Logan and tell the Loganites, under the vary beard of M'Lean, that the one work for which be thought the country languished was their railway. They cheered him to the echo of course, and M'Lean sat silent in dumb as tonishment, while the ear whioh had taken in M'llwraith's emphatic Bnub administered to the deputation which interviewed him on the subject tingled again. It was very deep of Black. He is one of the young men who are to the Ministry what the soldiers in the Centurion's troop—mentioned in Scripture—were to their officer, and yet here he was boldly going against their policy. But then he had seen the Loan Estimates, and knew that the whole thing was settled. And M'llwndth is like Frederick the Qreat of Prussia. He doesn't mind any amount of verbal insubordination, even letting out bis young bloods occasionally to speak against a Government measure, or, when a safe majority has been secured, to vote against it But he draws the same line that Frederick did. "It is a fair bargain between us," said that paternal despot "My people have full liberty to Bay what they like, provided that I have the same liberty to do as I please." Hjuub is a most melancholy proof of the effect of secular education. A man, basing his ques tion on an old " Leisure Hour" paragraph, writes to vb, the impersonal we of the Queentlander, to know what apocryphal book contains the words— "Of what wisdom can he be whose talk is of bullocks V Surely any intelligent boy could answer such a question. Is it not written in the book of the wisdom of Samuel the Bon of Griffith? Go to, frivolous questioner, and trouble us not I Whkk you tell a man to go to Jericho, it is generally regarded as a very emphatio dismissal, and you expect to hear no more of him. Now Skuthorpe, of the Leichhardt remains, has been to Jericho, but he has come back again. More than that, he has got hold of an editor who, less incredulous than he of Blaokall, virtually gives his readers the choice of believing the story or regarding the latter as the champion—parliamen tary epithet—of the colony. I, for one, hare made my choice. I* was with very sincere admiration that I read the following paragraph in the lately published report of the Brisbane Sunday School Union :~ M Before letting ont the new slide, it is the opinion of your late committee that they ought to be exhibited in some oentral building in the city, by which means the funds of the union may be increased." There is something really heroic In this offer of these good men to exhibit them selVes publicly for the good of the cause. Ha was a priest* and a very worthy but a somewhat absent-minded man, and he wai on a oountry trip. One night he camped with two staple bushmen, who extended to him the rough but cordial hospitality of the country. Id the morning he rose, and after thanking his entertainers went oat, and selecting one of the bast of their home, ■addled it, mounted it, and rode gaily oft He had gone some twelve miles before he discovered that he was emulating the exploits of Wild Wright or James Kelly, and galloped back in hot hatte, reaching the camp ]ust m hie hosts were setting out in search of the nearest J.P. authorised to issue warrants. So torn* wiseacres In Brisbane have discovered that "Diplomacy" is an immoral play. It is a most remarkable illustration of the tendency to find morality or immorality in what people do not quit* understand. The old Scotchwoman derived infinite edification from that " blessed word Mesopotamia" occurring in the sermon of her favourite preacher, and the Brisbane play* goer finds the opposite of edification in a drama which is over the heads of people with minds attuned to the variety show business. The cream of the joke lies in the fact that the accu sation emanated from the people who listened with complacent attention to " Maritana," and hung enraptured over the garden scene in " Faust" Oh, what a thing is fashion, especially when seen through the wrong end of the opera glass, as in Brisbane I It is not for us who are of the craft to make a node of the mysteries of the journalistic pro fession, but It does exasperate me to Bee them performed clumsily. Now, here I hate' before dm ft newly-established journal, and in the first issue there is a eonepondent's (?) letter beginning, "Sir,—lt is with delight akin to rapture that a large section of this small but enlightened com munity hail the advent of a newspaper based upon the broad and far-reaching principles of," 4c., Ac. Now, my struggling brother, I wish you every success, but why show the wheels and pulleys with which you produce your effects ■o plainly? We know—you and I—what the popular enthusiasm often means; we know how the "spontaneous protest of an en< lightened community" ia got up. We have sat in the back parlour of pub—ahem! I mean editorial sanctums —arranging the impromptu eloquence of the prominent citizen who when the night comes will mount the platform, and, with modest diffidence, accede to the popular request to move or second the resolution " just put into my hands, Mr. Chairman." All these things we know, but why should we let every* body into the secret by exposing in such an obvious manner the little arts we employ ? The public, my brothers, are very good and reason ably docile; but they must be, like Tom Pinch's beefsteak, "humoured, not drove." A little patience and a little dexterity, and we shall have our reward. 