' - '• - - J- '■ I .r 'Jua-LJ#. ..■ijmjb.iul BBOADBBIM'S NEW TOBK LETTBS. Scarcely any part of Knr Tork baa under gone a greater rerolutioa in tbe last ten jean than that in the immediate vicinity of the lt»t-Offioe. Af the legend is told, it ia more t iisn a century ago since John Jacob Astor, w ilking up Broadway, stopped before the block on which the Astor fiotue tiow stand*, a>id rowed that some day he would erect on that site the finest building in the cilv. It a nice thing for John Jacob to do. I have t^ed it -rveml time* myself ; I have Towed it in Chicago, St Louis, and Sao Francisco, bat • .-ere wtMs a slight difference between John ffucob and myself—be did and I didn't. The Tbe Astor House was opened 45 yean ago, slid at that time it was the wonder and gloiy of old New York. Kverybody who was any body stopped there, and if s public reception or dinner was to be given to any distinguished < uuctionaiy from home or abroad, the Astor was the placo to do it. General Scott made if his head-quarters to the day of his death, and it was also the farorite hostelry of Web B cr and Clay. Liberal gratuities to servants in those times was tbe order of the day, and the old porter who had charge of the baggage men! under Coleman & Stetson retired from hie situation worth fifty thousand dollan, entirely accumulated in his position as porter. A cross the street, on the present site of the llvrald Office, stood Barnum's Museum, and it was here he laid the foundation of his fortune by the exhibition of Tom Thumb, Jovce Heth, Washington's nurse, and, I lioiieve, the handle of the little hatchet with uluch Washington chopped down the cherry tree, was among the 150,000 curiosities with which the expert showman lured the nickels •■tit of the pockets of a past generation. The l'Vfjee mermaid was not the least of his mar vels, while the ourang-outang, from Borneo, and wild gorilla from the interior of Africa excited fi curiosity and wonder which has not been equalled since. A stoiy goes that Dan Conover t .e singer was engaged to play the gorilla, and h Kkin was made for him out of a buffalo hide. The gorilla's den was in a reiy dark corner ot a room up stain, where you could only see ><i* outline in the gloom, and he had a little dark hole in the corner, into which he used to retire. Dan was engaged in the winter, and, m the spring opened, the crowds began to V>ur into the muwum to see the African monster. At last the hot weather came on nnd Dan was nearly suffocated in his buffalo fUin ; he kept striking for fire dollan a week tiilvance, till his salary reached fifty dollars, whan one night the gorilla got drunk and made «ut'h an exhibition of himself that they gave out that the monster had died of the cramps, utui that was the last of the gorilla. On the • tlicr corner of Park Bow was Winduet's f-imous restaurant, where as fine a bottle of port could be found and as tender a joint of be»f as at any place in the city. As long as William Windust kept it, it was the resort of many of tbe most substantial merchants and most emminent literary men in the town— <>••0. P. Morris, N. P. Willis, Dr. Locke, the Mithor of the Moon Hoax, Edgar A. Poe, I'.irk Behjamin, Major Noah,J McDonald t'Urk and many othen whose names are not uuknown to fame. It was also a famous nwort of actors and singcra, and it was here I first met Braham, Templeton, Henry Wood, aui Ned Seguin, the king of them all. When Eean first came to this country all the intervale of his engagement were spent in Windust's cellar, and it was always the head* quarters of Forrest, Hamblin, Ingersoll, Gus \<inms, and old Mitchell, one of the very best comedians we have ever had in America. Elegant Rufus Blake,, and ako Billy ilurton, whose Captain Cattle and Toodles w.ll never be equalled, was never so happy as wlien his legs were under Windust's mahogany; 11 <d John Brougham, who died a year ago, always found a hearty welcome from the pMicrous host of the " Nunquam no* Paratus." t' cw of the eld crowd still remain in the land. <>f the living, and I often ask myself if some where on the other side of Jordan these jolly <i .are permitted to renew the associations of the past. A little further up Park Bow liind the old Park Theatre, which, in its day, \v;is t'u mo?i classic temple of the drama in t ho Ifind. An autocratic race were these old I'irk thespians, the chief members of the company being frequently honored guests of the oldest Knickerbocker families in the city. Mrs. Wheal leigh, whose daughter married into 0 io of the wealthiest families iu the city, was Mr years the principal old woman ; and Mrs. Bui k, the mother of Joseph Jefferson, was also mi honored member of that company. The it v of December, 1848, however, wiped it out 1 ■ oni the list of public places of amusement, und the site is now covered with stores devoted t<i trade instead of amusement. A short dis tance further up the row, on the site of the 0.fiivs of the World and the Times, stood Dr. i ring's church, and it was near this spot that .1 :ii:ob Leister was hanged for his participation 0 i the Leister rebellion, about two hundred v us ago, across Nassau street; and inamedi ii fly under thecornerof the Tribute office was t ii - Pewter Mug, the resort of the most deB ]• -:ite villains and thieves in New York. We K'onctimes groan about tbe good old times, but 1 t tose days the prize ring and the brothel 1 n I a voice potential in our city politics, and V >;ikee Sullivan, Tom Hyer, Bill Har ington h i i Abe Vanderzee ware greater men than i*««»er Cooper or James Harper. The friend ship of Mike Walsh, Paudeen or Jimmy the li it was equivalent to an election in any ward i ii the city, and the ability to punch a man's head was considered ample endorsement for a n*at in Congress. The men who remember t- <>-e good old times saw many of the most f< -tire politicians of 1840die with their boots »> i while their legitimate successors, the kings <■; I ammany, found their legitimate homes in » x i c or State prison. Bight over the Pevrter sat Horace Greeley, and from his little • von by nine den he sent forth those thun <1 -i bolts which shook this land from turret to 1.undatiou stone. It was from here that be vised the youth of America to " Go West a-11 buy a farm," at the same time informing thorn that pumpkins could not be raised on huckleberry bushes, and that you oould not .-..uveiuently gather potatoes with a MeCor •ii -ok reaper. Unfortunate philosopher, f -under of the Tribune as he was, he lived to the day when a man who was once proud !•« be his clerk should oooupy his seat, and vVu an unknown fellow who was peddling i • jusetrape atatime when the name of Greeley ■ iu every man's mouth should own the T' /bune body and bones, and a half- dozen <■: -or papers beside, in addition to which he *'iould control every spark of lightning that r - l iberates with news through the length and li v.-ulth of the union. Verily, verily, this is a world of change. I don't k:.ow what has got into our people b.ir. the most casual observer cannot fail to ii >tethat within the past six months a radical c-i-inge has taken place in the opinions of the nnsses, which bodes serious trouble in the fu uie. On the s'reets and in the club-houses • o i are still discussing the assassination of the iaie Emperor of Bussi*. A'** a general t h . ng a sensation of this kind is forgotten in a t w dure, some new thing take* its place, and »' s>'nks into oblivion ; but about the t; dng of this dead fiomatuff there hangs a some- ■ t ii .g which, like the ghost of Banquo, will lint gJ down. Among the thousands who i • I.-uly talk this matter over, it is remarkable i ih it so few express the unqualified sympathy j uhicli the circumstanoeB would seem to call I r—th. Probably they remember that New ^ "i"k is no stranger to assassination, and vou w -.1 know the old aiage, that " familiarity Lioc-ds contempt." The death of the Tzar was fearful, terrible, because he was a Tear ; jet hen In the heart of the city, in broad daylight, and on its most public thoroughfare, an assas sination occurred in the presence of thousands of people, alongside of which the death of the Russian Emperor pales into insignificance. It was on the 14th of July, 1863, a day never to to be forgotten as long as one stone shall stand above another to mark the site af the city of New York. The draft riots were in full blast, and excited thousands of ignorant brutalized rufllans filled the streets, urged on in their work cf destruction by an army of female furies, whose counterparts could only be found among the devils of the lower regions. Colonel H. F. O'Brien had been deputed to put down the riot, and, with a portion of his command, the 11th Regiment, he was finally compelled to fire on the mob. A short time after he was attacked by a crowd of ruffians and literally trampled to death After dragging his body in tbe mire for more than a block, they hung the inanimate form to a lamp-post. Then they cut it down, and seizing tbe legs, dragged it about the streets, drunken men and women dancing in wild frenzy, as if it were a masque or a cs-nival. For six mortal hours this horror was enacted in one of the most public streets in the city, and negroes wen burnt alive in their houses by hordesof murderous ruffians, many of whom •till lire unharmed and unwhipped by justice. It is not astonishing then that the death of a single man, even though the man be an Emperor, excites no very lively sympathy. If I understand the signs aright, the sympathies of the mass of the people goouttothe thousands of wretched captives who toil out helpless li\es in the dark Siberian mines, and to miserable women, many of them delicately nurtured, whose backs have been welted by the bloody knout, and who torn from their homes and all they loved on earth, are waiting impatiently for death as their only hope of release. Our people grow more communistic every day, the exactions of capital an every hour becoming more burthensome and overbearing, and it will not be long before the masses will show you " what they are going to do about it." Tbe quarrel between the rival factions of the Republican party is, in its present shape, the severest strain that that political organiza tion has been called upon to endun. There is one thing morally certain, and that is there cm be no active coalition between these fac tions in the future. The present fight means destruction to one or the other: whether the gon<alon of the Sage of Westchester shall go down in the melee, or the white plume of our knightly Senator shall be trailed in the dust, is something which time alone can tell. Perhaps both may get their quietus. I an not good at guessing, but we shall see what we shall see. The mania for tearing down and rebuilding seems to have taken the shape of at. alarming insanity. To pass through some streets one would think that a destroying angel had passed through them. The last financial earthquake, the three] per cents., has forced capi'al to seek other outlets for its funds and, if this thing keeps on it will not be many years before New York will be one of the handsomeat cities in the world. Talking of Dutch, and when I say Butch I mean German—you should see 'em, shoals of them, armies of them, swarms of them, thicker than the locusts of Egypt—Dutch, 1 Dutch, Dutch, German, German, German, pipe, pipe, pipe, sour kraut, sour kraut, sour kraut, bologna, bologna, bologna, 13chwitzer kuse, Schwitzer kase, Schwitzer kase, limburger, limburger, limburger ! Oh! eich a schmell— you could smell him more as a thousand miles! If this is but the advance guard what may we expect when the main army arrives f By way of changing my perfume I regularly scent my handkerchief every morning with a mixture of carbolic acid and kerosene. After a visit to Castle Garden on a day, when a new batch of emigrants has arrived, it emedls like attar of roses. If you don't believe it, try it; but you have got to come to New York to do it. Take one sniff of Castle Garden, and then get a whiff of my hand kerchief, and if it does not make you think of a botanical garden, you can call me a Dutch man, that's all. It seems almost as hard to get a President for the new World's Fair as it is to get the streets cleaned. Grant couldn't stand it; Jewett won't touch it j Cyrus Field can hardly be persuaded ; so I would respectfully recom mend George Francis Train. He is just the man ; he neither drinks nor smokes; he can live on five cents a day, so that he could afford to eo at a snail figure; physically, he is the noblest Roman of them all; a man of vast experience, great eloquence, eminent culture. By all means give us George Francis, he is my nominee for the Presidency of the great fair of 1883, and he may be my candidate for President in 1884, " and don't you forget it." Among the various charities of this great city there is none more deserving than that which this week celebrated its third anni versary, which assists unfortunate girls who have been betrayed. Here the castaway may find temporary shelter and protection, and when her trouble is past, there are those who will oare for her infant if she wishes to sur render its custody. How many have been saved from suicide or horrible destitution God al<nie can tel]; but that it has been an ark of refuge to hundreds who otherwise might have perishel, is beyond a doubt. Spring is a humbug, a fraud, a delusion and a snare; there is no such thing as spring, and I don't believe there ever was. All fool's day and a snow storm. I look out of my window and almost fancy I can see the North Pole; m<*n and women scoot along in Arctic shoes and India rubber clothes, and as far as appearances are concerned we might just as well be iu midwinter. Storm or no storm, business booms, the town is crammed, and although strangers and natives do some pretty tall swearing, as long as Beecher ar*? Tal mage keep their revivals going there is hope that there may be balm in Gilead. 