OHEISTMAS OEBEK. By Hebby Kehdau.. , Piuktom stresmi were in tbo distance— mocking lights of lake and pool— Ghosts of trees of soft, green lustre— groves of shadows deep and cool. Yos, sane devil ran before them, changing sides of brass to blue Betting bloom where curse is planted— when a grattblade never grew. Six there were ; end high above them glared a wild and wizoned can: Ninety leagues from where the waters of tho ringing valleys ran. There before them— there behind them— was the gnat, stark, stubborn Plain,. Where the dry winds hiss forever and the bh'nd earth moans for rain ! Hinged about by tracts of iornace, ninety leagues from stream and tree, Six there were with watted faces, working northwards to JUe sea. Ah I the bitter, hopeless Desert I Here these broken human wrecks Trod the wilds where eond of fire is with the spiteful spinefex I Toiled tbroiiRh spheres that no bird knows of, where with fiery emphasis Hell hath stamped its awful tnintmark deep on everything that is I Toiled and thirsted, strove and suffered. 2'fiit was wbsre December's breath As a wind of amititg Same is, on. weird, haggard mutes ot DoaJi ! Thit was when t withered moon is, and the I gleam of west, won star, ' And a thunder full of monnoo sends its mighty voices far I i Thit was where Hack execration, from some dork Tribunaljhurled, Set the brand of curio on all things in the morning of the World 1 One man yielded- then another— then a lad of nineteen years Heeled and fell '1th English riven ringing BoftlyiuhUodrsl English grassos started round him— then the grace of Sussex loa Camo and touched him with the beauty of a green land by the sea I Old-world faces iuironged about him — old- world voices Broke to him : But his epoech was like a whisper, and his oyes were very dim. In a dream of colfiea evening, beaming on a quiet strand. Lay the stranger, till a bright One came and took him by the hand. England vanished — died tho voices ; but ho heard a holier tope, And an angel that we know not led him to the Lands nnlmown. Six there wore, bat three were taken ! Three were left to struggle still ! Butacairuttberod horuon flamed a. born of brindled hill But beyond the northern skyline, past a wall of steep austere, Lay the land of light and coolness in an April colored year. ' Courage, brothers,' cried the leader ;' on tire slopes of yonder peak Tiore are tracts of herb and shadow, and the channels of the creek I' Bo they made one last great effort— haled their beast* throng)] brake and briar Set their: feet on spurs of furnace— grappled spikes and crags of fire— Fought the stubborn mountain foroes— smote 'down naked natural powers. Till tiiey gated from thrones of Morning on a sphere of streams and Sowers 1 Oat behind them was the desert glaring like a sea of braes Here before them were Uie valleys fair with moonlight-colored grass I At their books wen haggard Trestelands bickering in a wicked bhue— In their faces beamed the waters marching ' down melodious ways ! Xonohing was the cool, soft color over laps of lawn and lea, And majestic was the great road Morning mode across ihe sea. On the sacred day of. Christmas after seven months ot grief Bested three of six who started,*)]) a bank of moss and leaf — Bested by a running river, in a hushed— a holy ' week; And they named the stream that saved them— named it fitly—' Christmas Creek.' 