CONVICTS ON THE .SM. Wb were about 800 miles south of the ;Cape of Good Hope, and our ship's head pointed nearly due east. 1 Twelve knots an hour,* say* T to the skipper, in reply to1 How much is she making?* The dripping log linei was rolled up and the time-glass placed away in *the binnacle. An extra pull was taken on the j braces, the yards pressed bard against vthe stays, and right well did the old Marathon lie ■ over from the heavy breeze that swelled our \- canvas to its greatest tension." I hovethelog again. ' 'How mnoh now ?' says the skipper. 4 Twelve and a half, sir.* ' ' 41 guess that is abonfc all we can get'-ojut - of her with this -wind; that extra pull gave her:] ' the other half knot/ ' lii ten days after passing Kergnelen's sLand ' the high and irregular ooast of Australia was "raised from the masthead by our first mate, Mr. Bolter, 'who shouted the glad tidings to those on deck. No sooner had the sound of his voioe died away than a baker's dozen; were running up the ratlines, eager to obtain even a \- distant view of the great island. . A number of us old salts, who had sailed for Australia before, contented ourselves by 'snuff ing the air like so many porpoi-es. After we bad passed between Tasmania and the fiouth Sea continent we caught a light breeaa on our quarter and headed for Sydney. No sooner had we dropped our right bower in 1 the river just off the town than our vessel was boarded by tbe surgeon of the port, who exam ined onr papers, and being satisfied that we were in good health, our chip was. allowed to haul up nearer the city. The old mati went ■' ashore to make his report to-tbe,Consul, but „ ;when he returned hie face wore a troubled look. He called Mr. Bolter and myself into the cabin, where, ta our surprise and chagrin, : he stated that the Consul informed him that : when the cargo was discharged he should have to press the Bhip into the service f r the Gov , .eminent to carry a lot of convicts to Van . \ Dieman's Land. The vessel that , brought ; them was disabled, 8nd oonld proceed no ; farther- • : The skipper remonstrated againBt the Beiznre, "Out it was of no avail. The Consul said he waa ' sorry, hut it could not avoided—onr. vesBel being the only one in p»rt that would answer ' the purpose, and the conviots must be got off ' . without. delay. This news .found Its way u tunfag the crew,.and several of them ran away fcbd tobk to the bush, not caiing to risk them helves at sea with a lot of desperate men fresh • "from the prisons of England; The skipper quieted'the fears of the rest by telling them thst no danger c:uld possibly- arise, i&s; the \- conviots would he heavily ironed and: placed between decks with a guard over them. ^ On the following morning, between decks * were prepared for th« reception of our live ' freight. A strong double bulkhead was put up fust forward of the cabin, and one just1 aft of the Chain-lockers, and extra bars and padlocks Wert? secured for the batches. When 1 Surveyed the work of the Govern . merit carpenters my mind felt somewhat; easier. . Everything being in readiness, our guests .j Jrcre marched- down hejtween files of soldiers. , Kkch convict was hand-cuffed, and on the . Vightankle of every man an iron ring was ,. rattened, to which were attached heavy chains. Six of them bring fastened together, their movements were q-iite slow and retarded. As they filed np the gang-plank to the:deck, I counted eighty-seven. Some were lnrge, powerful men, others were weak and wore a . sickly expression, hut they all had & look of dogged determination, their closely-cropp^d hair and striped tronsers and Jackets making . them look all the more savage. When No 87 reached, the deck they were drawn up in line and inspected by the Superintendent and his assistants. Each convict was thoroughly searched, in order to *ee if he had any weapons. : ' * Nothing was found, however, but what waa pr-jpp-rfor them to have. So the inspector in formed us that there would be no danger, and he would aoon be rid of tbem. The guard that was to accompany m bad been eelected with , great care, each one having a musket, two revolvers, and a cutlass. Several extra casks of , water were got on board for fear we would not bate enough to list during the run. As no signs of our runaways were to be had, the Bkipper was obliged to ship several men in ord»r to fill his complement. One of these fellows was a villainous looking customer, and I a-ked the captain why he shipped such a . man. • Tie replied that it was the best he* could do. Sailors were scarce,'a* nearly'every one was .•«off in the mines or *tock-r rising. I told^Cap tain' Billows that I did not relish having such a man on board the Marathon, but he laughed at my 'ears, and said the man had been discharged ; from a Liverpool ship s^tne two months before, and as he wished to return home, he thought be would ship on the Marathon. The Consul verified the man's statement, which' satisfied the skipper, so he had shipped /' him-on the strength of this. X.gaid nothing t more to the old man, hut de'ermin-d to keep a wei'hereye on'that man's movements.'' We ' were to put out to fl«a that night, if the wind were favourable. The eighty-seven men were placed between decks to remain there until morning, when they would be taken out for an airing. The guard consisted of twenty four men, half the number standing watch while the others turned in below. It was 11 o'clock before the wind was in our favour, and nearly eight bells when wo weighed anohor. I tell yon I did not sleep much in my watch below; the shouts and cureee of the con victs made a perfect Bedlam and would have aroused the seven eleepers. In vain tho guard threatened them, hut they only an-wercd derisively and dared the *oldiere to shoot. Mr. Bolter came to my h«rrh when his watch was out, and said he expected to find mo awake, f »r no one could sle-ip with those wretches howl jag. So I lighted my pipe and went cn deck, preferring to reimm above than on a level with tho banished Englishmen. Before day break they were quiet enough, and no par ticulftV one could bo sifted out for creating the disturbance,: so' tho whole eighty-seven went' scot free. , " » Abcut 7 o'clock they were led upon deck for an airing and to pass inspection. Aft«r re maining three hours they were cent Below again. In the afternoon about 3 o'clock a gale sprung up, which required rall hands to reef topsails. The yards were soon manned, aii d I went aloft myself, as is generally tho custom when all hands are palled. i While I was passing the weather ear-ring: and taking the.laet turn;' I heaid Shattogf (one of the foremost hands, who was knotting ajreef poiut next to me), ask: ' 'Whereis Barker? Idon't see him oh the yard.' I looked over the line of tnbb, and j sure enough he was not there I tell you I. wasn't long in getting on dock and stating my duspi cions to the Captain. We at pnoe raahed for ward, followed by. several of the guards, and jnst as we reached the forecastle, whoshould make his appearance but Barker. The old man yeli*d at him: 4 What are you doing down there? Speak up! what are you shirking below for when all hands were called for duty?' , | *1 was sick,' growled the scoundrel, |4,and could not go aioft.'^ i 'Tou are lying, you yillaih ! and you know it,' said the skipper.' 4 111 be bound you are up. to some, deviltf/.^ Mr; Steeraway, just- keep your eye on him till I come back.*' j 'Ay, ay, sir!' I. responded; j By this time'alihands had come downj from aloft. ;'' . ... . .The Captain soon returned and stated that he could find nothing out of the way, but I was convinced in my own mind that something was out of the way. So the old man gave me leave to go below and satisfy myrielf. I oodld find nothing, bdt at the iadie time was far from be* lag satisfied. I asked why was Barker, ;of all others, down belcw ? We told the crew of our suspicions, and ordered them to keep a look-out on Barker's movements. t , j As the night oame on the gdard wds relieved and captioned oy the sergeant to be on the alert. It seemed kind of queer to me that the convio's remained so quite, for beyond a low conversation, their voices were scarcely audible, bnt I thought afterward that probably they in tended to g.ft a good night's rest, and preferred to keep still. I lay awake some timeAfter burning in, but my eyts finally gredr heavy, rind I was |n the laiid of dreams—away off in Boston. My mother came up to my room (1 was still-in my dreams) to tuck iu the .bedclothes. I felt her gentle touch on the blankets; but why did she place her hand over my mouth ? I opened my eyes to see the reason. The glittering blade of a sheath-knife was before them.. 1 knew the rftason then pretty quick, I assure yon, for Barker held it. i 1 Now, Steeraway,' says he,1 you just keep qmet, and you won't be hurt. Oped your mouth, ana you woh't know wbat hurt you.' I knew that any movement on my part would be my death warrant. . 4 Will you keep quiet if I take my baud from your mouth?'. I nodded my heftd in.the affirmative, rind his hand #as removed. . 4 Now, Steeraway,* says he, .41 am going to tie you and put a little stopper in your mouth. I won't hurt you, for I know how to do these things.' He evidently did, for I was very soon jbound hand and foot, a gag,placed in my mouth and your humble servant rendered as useless aB a dead man. The convict then left me and dis appeared. I had not been alone more than ten minutes when I beard a voice near the ! berth head say,4 All right.' In a moment more a light draught; of air entered my stateroom^ and it smelt strongly of pent-up air—a sort ef convict odour, so to speak. The bnlkhead had been removed arid the cabin was soon crowded with prisoners. Not a sound did they make, for their irons were off, and the thonght flashed qnickly upon me, our ship is In their hands, may the Lord have mercy on our crew. Silently they went up the cabin stairs; then I heard a quick, rushing sound, shouts,' yells, curses, then a few shots in 4ufck succession; several splashes ;hear my cabin deadlight; more shouts and yells. 4 Down with them! Now or never!' 4 No Van Diem&nn;'s for as! Down with them!' In vain I heard several voices pleading for mercy. Bnt those' men knew no mercy. Finally the shoats and yells ceased, then the quick, hurried tramp. of feet overhead. Presently a step descends the stairs, the rope binding me was cut, the gag torn from my month, and a gruff voice said: 4 Come, Steeraway, you are wanted on deck. Lively, now.' I came to the conclusion it was useless to deliberate, and I obeyed tbe order at once. It was notnecessary for me to ask what the matter was. I knew that well enongh, at a glance. Barker—that scoundrel Barker—was an es caped convict, and had shipped on board tho Marathon for the purpose of aiding his friends, and, from the appearance of things, he had succeeded beyond bis utmost expectations. As I emerged from the cabin, J. was greeted with. 'Herehe is,' by several of tho stripped-jacket gentry. 4 Now, Steeraway, we want you to mind and do just as we tell you—or what Joo Gos'kawk, tho Captain; tells you—and you won't bo hurt; but if you don't why overboard you£o. Wc'know yon can navigate; now which is it; sharks' dinner or obey orders ?* Of course I did't want to ease tho appetite of fhe jet finned wolves that were swimming around the ship. *8o I told them I would do all they wished; hut I wanted to know what bad become of tte captain and crew. 4 You'd better swim after them and osk'em what's done with 'cm ; all except that cussed first mate, Bolter, and we can't get no track of hiio, blast him,' said Gosshawk, the recognized leader. I ottered a silent prayer that Bolter might be safe; Mowed away somewhere out of their dutch#:*. 4 Well, Steeraway,' says Gosshawk* ' I '.About 80 miles from VanDioman's Land. ' 'Now/then,' says bb, 'you just'fix ! this ship so Bbe will bo moro nor tbnt in twelvo hours from .-now.- Muke her run north until I ask you .again .whorG we aro/ 'And mind you don't play nuy points, or you'll fiud tho bottom of Davy Jones quick.' I asked bim thon who would work tho vessel; ' Why, you just give tbo orders and theso men will work her ; and mind you ^ give them right.' § ' Then brace afoilnd the yards/ replied 1,' so I can get her on the other tack' * All right/said Gosshawk; 'tell us the ropes/ X explained td them and pdinted out the braties. ; • In ten'mintltes we were arodnd dnd sailing almost diie north." *; j When day broko my Hearts almost? sank within me. The deck; presented a sickonmg sight. Pools pf clotted blood hero ' and there, torn clptbing, the remnapt of soiiio* desperate straggle,'and the striped convidt jackets add red coats of tho English soldiers wero scatterod over the deck. ' X requested that the decks bo cleared up and washed down, so that no vestige might greet my eyes of that terrible encounter that had taken place the night bo fore. At noon jGoss hawk asked mo where wo "wore. :I-'had just taken tho suit, dnd foiind we Were in 32 jdegs. south latitude and 173 degs/lohgitttdd'east/All of which t correctly informed the convict'skip/ ; ■' I / /Ain't the Fijis, ab(otit here soiiiewhere/ he they af-o iil ^o dege. idtUdde tind lSO degs. longitude/ .' Well, take us there, Bteeraway, and you.are free to go in the long boat jiist as.'soon as we eight land. I'll take cdre of the Marathon my. self ! " . ; As we still had about, 720 miles ,t!b the' no'ard to make, and about 420 miles or longi tude. I computed the sailing .distance, and found there were about ri,l4o miles to cover, which, deducting tba difference from oiir actual course Would leave .about 33d .miles, bet re wo reached the Fijis. I reported the Baine to Gosshawk, who grunted anything hut; satis faction. ' No nearer than that ? Well; keep her for the Fijis, anyhow,' So T kept her for the Fijis, and on the fourth day ' Land, ho!was shouted by ono of the convicts who was stationed aloft. * .'Gosshawk's eyes brightened up; dnd tie tnhied to me, say ing, 4 Well'dond StenfitWaf/ If t had only had my own way, I would have pat them on a coral roof, but life is precious, you know, even to a sailors- As the Marathon n- ared the land, which proved to be one of the group to the south'ard, Gosshawk gave some orders in a low tone to several of the vinen. I knew What they Wefe immediately, for tho convicts began to Cast off the lashingA from the long boat. ' So. Gd&hawk; .intend^ to keep his promise/ I thought to myself, and I was to be cast adrift in tbe^ong boat. When within fifteen miles of land the breeze j died away, and the old Marathon, lay almost motionless Gosshawk swore and stampod the deck, but to no purpose. Kind Prpyidenqepaid no attention to him. AboUt ddeit tho wind made its appearance, and 1 got ready to stand in. 1 fcteerawaj*/ said Gosshawk,'I guoss you . will have to make a vayage in the dark ;! but' it cau't be helped/ 1 The boat was lowered; two kegs of water, a bag of hardtack, and. three or four junks of salt horse wero tossed in, and X was told to follow suit. As I was cast adrift, the villains shouted out after me: 'Good-bye,'Streraway; you have done us a good turn; and wo! won't forget it l* I made no reply, but sat in the stern of tho boat gazing after tho receding vessel. • After | looking at,her for a few minutes X was over | come and b^wed my head in my bauds and | wept. ..Just then a splash in the water near the I boat arotised me. 'A shark!' thought t. Again I heard it, and then u low. voiae as if ; from the doep: 'Steeraway!' !'. I sprung from my thwart as if struck by galvanic shock. I strained my eyes and peered into the darkness. Presently I buw a dark form swimming toWatd the boat. Again tho voico came over the water: ' Steeraway!' Ben hero knows I am not superstitious, but I coijfeB3 I did feci a littlo awe-stricken. Boforo 1 had time to collect my soattered thoughts, a .baud, was 1 .id on tbo gunwale und tbo form of a man arosefrom tho sea.. . ' It's Bolter, Joe.!-Don't be frightcuod—I'm no ghost I' , ^ That short sentence broko' the spell whiob clung to me. « Oh, Bolter!' cried I, in a transport of joy. 'For heaven's sake, help me in the boat, I Joe! X am mighty weak. Now, where b the water ? That outside the boat will do to swim in, hut I can't drink it/ • . Boon I had the water-keg to his lips, and ho took a long draught. ' There ! I never wanted water so bad but once before in my life; and tbis is what I call hard luck, Joe/ . ; - 1 T agreed with him on that score, and asked him to toll mo how he escapod from tho con victs.. ' Why, you see, Joe, I got an inkling of what was coming, but beforo X could get out of the cabin the rascals wero down upon us. .8o I slipped into tbo ?ccrot locker undor tho transom, aud they lookod into every placo but that. Luckily, the locker contained somo canned meats and fruits, so there was no danger of my starving. I overheard that fellow's oonversa tion—the ono they call Gosshawk—and I knew, Steeraway, that you wero safe, I also heard him toll his cut-throat comrades what ho intended doing with you, whon I hoard your boat lowered. I peeped from my hiding-placo, saw tho oabin whs clear, as thoy wero all on deck to see you off. Soon as I heard tho boat waB adrift I crawled through the stern window, hung by tho frame for a minute or two, then dropped into the sea, swam after your boat and here I am." Bolter suddenly started up. and cried out : ' Look, Joe, if they have not set tho ship on fire!' And so they had. Before they landed they bud no doubt left two or threo of their number to tasb the wheel and upplr the torch. The flamoa threw a luridlightover: theidceAn, end floon tho wholo* outline in firoof/the; doomed Muratlion oonld .be seon;- .Heavy , tongues of flame ran np tho tarred ringing, and' roola of flroliknaoloud, would no wand then burst forth as the eaila one after another, were ieonlnmed. It wne a magnifioent. eight, but.a eoifowfnl one for hbb We , watched-her until soarcely a spark colild ho soen, when suddenly,-like a flash, tho faint light disappeared, and'all that onco remainod of the Marathon wentto the bottom. • il On the following morning ■ We > sighted an Americrn whaler, whioh fortunately came Heat enough to see otlr signal ofdlBttese.'aiH its Were ratlfeVed from.otir.Uricomfortahld poiltidfi: Boltor and . myself, told tho whilinrdSkiiipef our story, when he at. once : madeVSdu fb'f Sydnoy, where the facts were laid; before the Bnglish Consul, who took steps to icaptnre the short-haired rillains. The •was.sucoiesfally accomplished. ^ ; ; ..i.'M...t': f 