SPORTING NOTES. The number of nominations for the Mel bourne Cup— 120 — fully come up to general expectation, but the quality falls far short of that of previous years, and, thus early in the day, we could, if necessary, name fully three score who cannot have the ghost of a chance, even if they had only the proverbial postage stamp tocarry. Thesix -year-old andageddivi- sion is a long way below the Chester and First King standard, and as the three-year-olds are also of a somewhat shady description, it will tax all Mr. Barnard's ability to bring them together to the satisfaction of the owners of the horses engaged. This colony looks more formidable than usual, -as we shall be represented by such horses as Wel lington, Bosworth, Suwarrow, Odd Trick, Zambesi, Sir Joseph, Progress, etc. ; but our main strength is in the three-year-old division, in which are such names as Welcome Jack, Royal Maid, Tourmaline, Darebin, The Duke, Koh-i-noor, Result, and others too numerous to mention. Our dangerous New South Wales rivals, however, run us very close, as they have such horses to do battle for them as Sweetmeat, Lord Burghley, The Wandering Jew (who was currently reported to have broken down), The Pontiff, Hesperian, and Martindale, to say nothing of such three- year- olds as Monmouth, Spinningdale, Wheat- ear, Etna, and The Gem, and, after all, the Welshmen have somewhat the best of us. Properly speaking, Queensland has only Lord Clifden, the double winner at the late Ipswich meeting, to represent her ; and King Arthur, Tasmania's solitary hope, seems hardly good enough for a Melbourne Cup. New Zealand sends two clinkers in Sir Modred and Somnus, and report speaks, very highly indeed of the pair, and, after bur experiences of Lurline, Calumny, and last, but not least, Mata, we are quite prepared to believe all we hear about tbem. South Australia looks well on paper with Darriwell, First Water, Totalisator, Lavinia, Pawnbroker, The Moor, andSpeetor ; and thus, with a good handicap, we anticipate that the next Melbourne Cup will evoke fully as much interest as any of its predecessors. At present the Champion Race looks like being a match between Progress and the best of the three-year-olds, but there is no telling What may arise between now and the 1st January ensuing. The entries for the Maribyrnong Plate nUmber 134 : Normanby Stakes, 109; Ascot Vale Stakes, 126 ; Victorian. Derby, 131 ; Oaks Stakes, 60 ; St. Leger Stakes, 126; Sires' Produce, 1883, 142; Mares' Produce Stakes. 1883, 170; Mares" Produce Stakes, 1884, 480\. Last year the respective totals were — Maribyrnong Plate, 126 ; Normanby Stakes, 108 ; Ascot Vale Stakes, 113 ; Victorian Derby, 123; Oaks Stakes, 63; St. Leger Stakes, 119 ; Sires' Produce Stakes of 1882, 107 ; Mares' Produce Stakes of 1882, 171 ; Mares' Produce Stakes of 1883, 614. It will thus be seen that there is an increase in all the races with the exception of the three Produce Stakes, which failing off is more conspicuous in connection with the Mares Produce Stakes of 1884, which upon this oc casion numbers 480, as against 614 last year. However much of a surprise the English Derby may have been, the ladies' race — the Oaks — was won by an animal whose previous performances indicated that the race was virtually at her mercy. This was that popu lar sportsman Mr. W. S. .Crawford's The- bais, by The Hermit from Devotion, who beat a good performer in Lucy Glitters, by Specu lum from Bicycle, with Myra, by Doncaster from Czarina, third. Thebais started on thirteen occasions last season, and ten times was returned a winner, her principal victory being in the Criterion Stakes, but on every occasion she appeared she showed a rare turn of speed. This- season she easily landed the One Thousand Onineas Stakes, and. induincr — — — — - - — "j — — — ? 4 "o o from her previous performances, she must have gone to the post an immense favourite; These old rivals, Bend Or (by Doncaster out of Rouge Rose) and Robert the Devil (by Bertram out of Cast Off) fought their battles over again in the Epsom Gold Gup of £500, one mile and a half, and the Duke of West minster's colt revenged his Leger and Cham pion Stakes defeats by finishing in front of " The Devil," thus proving that his win in the Derby was not the fluke that some people tried to make it out. Bend Or won the City and Suburban some time ago with 9st, and thus early in the season his noble master has done very well, as with Peregrine he also won the Two Thousand Guineas Stakes. The usual Eensington Park meeting takes place this afternoon (Saturday), when an in teresting programme will be decided. At a meeting of the committee of the Geelong Racing Club on Tuesday last, the secretary was instructed to send a letter of condolence to Mrs. Bagot, the wife of the late secretary of the Victoria Racing Club. The stewards of the Geelong Racing Club met on Monday, and decided to hold their winter race meeting on the 30th July. The following programme was drawn up : — Trot ting Race, 30 sovs., three miles ; Hurdle Race, '7ll OriVO ftlTA 1 1 /to \AT 1 nf/|M lJf 1 AA MAM/V < v DVVO vuuiUUCQ) ¥ 1UVC1 xAOUUil»ap| AUv CU VO»j one mile and a half ; Handicap Steeplechase, 100 sovs., two miles and a half ; Selling Hurdle Race, 50 sovs., one mile and a half ; Railway Stakes, 50 sovs., seven furlongs. Mr. E. Weekes informs us that he has purchased the well-known horse C&mballo; for the sum of £400. The steamship Victorian, which arrived on Sunday last from Adelaide, had an exceed ingly rough passage, and some of the horses on board of her were knocked about a great deal. Amongst the horses on board were Mata, Camballo, Lothair, Suwarrow, Result, Koh-i-noor, Mallala, Claimant, intrepid, Blue Ribbon, and Acrobat, who have since arrived safely at their respective quarters. Mr. Donald S. Wallace, who is at present in Queensland, is still adding to his string of horses, as last week he purchased the three- year-old Waterloo, by Epigram out of Wheat- sheaf, from the Hon. J. P. Bell, for 1,000 guineas. Waterloo performed very well as a J two-year-old at the Randwick Autumn Meet ing last year, when he ran second to Grand Prix for the Champagne Stakes, and second to Fan Bias for the Maiden Plate; and as his full brother, Wheat-ear, ran uncommonly well at the late autumn meeting of- the Aus tralian Jockey Club, it is evident that Mr. Wallace has made a very judicious selection. No less than seventeen horses, the property of Mr. E. Weekes, the Indian buyer, arrived by the Aldinga on Monday last from Ade laide. Cock of the Walk, Country Girl (who was booked by the Adelaide visitors as a moral for the Newmarket Handicap), Sceptre, and Maid of all Work were the principal celebrities amongst the lot, which is reported to be a first-class one. The Whit Monday races at Brighton Park were well attended, but the weather was bitterly cold, and as the meeting was con ducted in anything like a business manner, everyone was glad to get away from " the park," which is totally unfit for racing pur poses. In fact, it is surprising that owners could be found who would risk their horses on such an ill- shaped course, but it is only fair to say that only two horses came to grief during the afternoon. Everyone was glad to see the veteran trainer Dan Robinson have a ! turn with Young Fireworks in the Hurdles, which produced acapital race, five out of the six competitors being all together at the finish. A useful little pony, Lora, formerly in Joe Morrison's stable, appropriated the two Gallo way races, which were booked as a cprtainty for her, and, as usual, there were any number 44 out for an airing" in the Trot, which fell to Fairy Dance, an old Kensington Park per former. Odds were freely laid on Langulac for the Sportsman's >-H andicap, but slfe would not try a yard, and the race was won by Lenore, a speedy daughter of the late Mr. T. J. Ryan's Leo, but she was stopping every yard, and only just got home in front of the moderate Rebecca. Maid of Honour " squandered" a moderate lot in Tattersall's Handicap ; and as the mare seems to improve a little with age, she may yet recoup her owner, Mr. Paterson, for the large amount of money he has lost upon her. Taking it all through, the meeting could not be termed a success, and the proprietor must be out of pocket a considerable sum by his speculation. A meeting of the committee of the Victoria Racing Club was held on Tuesday afternoon, at the offices of the club, 100 Bourke street west, for the purpose of appointing a secretary in place of the late Mr. R. C. Bagot. There were present Captain Standish (in the chair), and Messrs. C. B. Fisher, W. J. Clarke, A. W. Robertson, J. L. Purves, W. Leonard, J. O. Inglis, T. Attenborough, T. N. Fitz- gerald, G; Watson, and A. K. Finlay, the only absentee being Mr; D. 8. Wallace, who is at present in Queensland. There were upwards of 100 applicants, which number was quickly lessened, and eventually narrowed adWfl to five. Another ballot reduced these to three, and then to two, the ultimate result being that Mt. Byron Moore was elected (subject to certain conditions') by a clear majority over Mr. George Fenner, a brother to the late secretary of the Victoria Amateur T tirf Club. The appointment of Mr. Byron Moore is one which, we think, will meet with the approval of the members of the club, and we hope he will see his way clear to accept the post. Mr. H. Oliphant Paton, the proprietor of the Carlton Club hotel, Sydney, and who conducted a sweep on the late Sydney Cup Under the. name of the " Senior Wrangler," has been fined £10 Under the Betting Houses Suppression Act. As remarks have been made upon the action taken by the police, those interested in such matters could not do better than read the evidence taken at the trial in the Sydney Water Police Oottrt on Thursday week last. A miserable afternoon was spent by those who patronised Kensington Park on Satur day last, as it rained at intervals throughout the afternoon, besides being very cold, and when the meeting terminated everyone was glad to make the best of his way into the town. The sport, however, despite the un favourable circumstance, was very fair, and great interest was taken in the match be tween Brown Hawk and Nellie. The latter, however, broke repeatedly, and so was beaten easily at the last, but the time for the three aiiuuOj UaUlCljf OXlilXl oUUWq liUttli vuo winner is a much better animal than he has been given credit for. The Australian Jockey Club have secured seventy. eight entries for theGreat Metropolitan Stakes, which is three less than the number entered in 1879 and 1880, which shows a slight falling off, and would lead one to sup pose that the stake is losing instead of gain ing ground with owners of horses. We are glad to see that the Hawkeshury Grand Handicap still retains its popularity with owners, as seventy-nine horses have been nominated for it, one more than last year ; but this, we suppose, is owing to the fact that a mile-and-a-half race is al ways more popular than a two-mile handicap, there being so few in training that get the last-named distance. In connection with the entries that closed on Monday last, the greatest success, how ever, is undoubtedly that of the Caulfield Cup, which is to be decided on the 15th October, just a fortnight before the com mencement of the spring meeting of the Victoria Racing Club. For the Caulfield Cup there are no lees than ninety- four en tries, including twenty-one from Sydney and eight from Adelaide, and as the starting place is rather narrow, the committee would ao weii do wiaen tne tracK, as tne race is sureto bring a large field to the post. From a monetary point of view it is also an nnqnalified success, as each of the ninety- four nominators had to contribute an entry of £3 to the funds of the club, and as the total reaches £282, the club, as a matter of fact, enly add £18 to the stake, £300 being the advertised amount which is added to the sweep of £10 each from the starters. The entries for the Bendigo races, which take place on Wednesday, the 22nd inst., are not so numerous as the merits of the pro gramme demanded, but still there is every prospect of a capital day's sport. The Bendigo meeting is always a very popular one with metropolitan sportsmen, and we have no doubt the attendance from town will be as large as in previ.ous years. Mr. W. C. Yuille telegraphs from Adelaide to say he has found a purchaser for the highly-bred horse The Hook, by Fishhook from Juliet, at a satisfactory figure. The steeplechase horse Eversley, formerly the property of Mr. Goyder, was recently sold in Christchurch for 31 guineas. Mr. Fitzwilliam Wentworth has been placed on the committee of the A. J.C. in place of the Hon. James White, who has departed for England. From Mr. C. S. Guest, the secretary of the Hawkesbury Race Club, we hear that no fewer than 128 foals were described on Wed nesday for the Mares' Produce Stakes of 1883. An excellent programme has been arranged for the spring meeting on the 25th and 27th August ensuing, the large amount of £1,310 being the added money given by the club. A Hurdle Race of 100 sovs. is also in cluded, and the entrance fees have been greatly reduced. The well-known Victorian trainer, Mr. W. A. Filgate, has taken premises at Parkside, be tween Unley road and the Parkside hotel, Ade laide, where he intends building eight loose boxes for the accommodation of horses en trusted to his care. Mr. Filgate has com menced very well, as he has now Struck Oil, Wait-a- While, Roebuck, Solitaire, The Crown, Jewel filly, Nancy colt, and Baalbec in hand, ana, aououess, will oe wen patromseu oy tne owners of horses in the sister colony. In Dunedin a totalisator is kept going on almost every conceivable form of speculation, including municipal elections, rowing matches at home, and horse-races in all parts of the world. It was, of course, opened on tne Adelaide Cup, and the backerB of Totalisator received a dividend of over £28 each. Mr. Seidfred Franck, the patentee of the totalisator, is having writs served on all mem bers of the Christchurch J.C. Committee for using his invention. The committee of the Echuca Racing Club held a meeting on Thursday last, when it was decided that the annual race meeting should be held on Thursday, the 4th August For the following items we are indebted to "Trumpator," of the Adelaide Observer: — 44 The late Birthday Meeting will result in a profit of about £l,500totheciub, who will pro bably devote this amount to putting up the much-wanted stand. The running ground, thanks to the money spent on it, is now per fect ; and had it not been for the draining done on the course, and the absorbing powers of the couch grass, which now flourishes all round the course, racing on Thursday week would have been next door to impossible. Numerous complaints were made by the public on account of so much room being taken up by the space set apart for tlie members' carriage- paddock. Mr. Harvey might well give the public a little more room here, as, with 10,000 people on the ground, a great many find it almost impossible to obtain a good View of the races. Mr. H.. Goidspink, . who came to Adelaide about two months ago to lay the double— Adelaide and Birthday Gups-— succeeded in writing 1,000 to 3 down against Totalisator and Mats, and has had the felicity of handinga thousand over to the lucky speculator who saw an Adelaide Cup winner in Totalisator. Savanaka did not return to Melbourne with the' reBt of the St. Albans team, but has gone into Hill's hands to be trained. The little grey was completely off ait the fete meeting, and I dare aay the amount of work be has done with Progress during the season has sickened him, but there should be a good race io him yet." Mr. J. H. Parr held a sale of the whole of Sir T. Elder's blood stock on Monday., 30th May, at Adelaide, -when the following prices were realised : — Adela, 24gn#., James Kelly ; Corsair's Pride, 24gns. A. M. Wooldridge; Mermaid, 12gns., A. M. Wooldridge; Fisher man's Daughter, 37gns., E. Bowman; Fish Fag, llgns., Dixon ; Parramatta, 115gns., ; Yuille ; Bay Gipsy, 19gns., Robertson ; Cob- Web, 55gus.t E. Bowman ; Warioota, 32gns., A. M. Wooldridge ; Yeraldina, 30gns.t A. Tennant; Viceroy, 230gns., A. M. Wool dridge ; Rita, ofigns., Chappell ; Alethe, 150gns., W. C. Yuille ; Tindelpina, 31gns., C. Sabine; Meg Merrilies, 60gns., W. C. Yuille ; Aurelia, 70gns., E. Bowman ; Whareama, 22gns., Weekes ; Baalbec. 60gns., W. H. Formby ; Sceptic, 65gns., Weekes ; Seafleld Tower, 13gns., Sabine ; Dyna mite, 17gns., W. H. Formby; Fraulein, 25gns., A. M. Wooldridge; Toonketehen, 81gns., Thomas Cowan ; 'Home Rule, 61gns., xxowG f Jjotu Jt/jroiij uxgud! jftowerwwi , Memphis, oogns., John Crozier ; Freebooter , 36gns., Thomas Cowan; Rustic, 40gns., W. H. Formby; Izaak Walton, 31gns., G. B. Richardson. Mr. S. Barnard held a sale of racehorses on Tuesday, 31st May, at his bazaar, Adelaide, and the announcement that First Water, Spectre, and other well-known flyers, the property of Mr. W. Pile, besides several others, would be offered, attracted a fair mustering of sportsmen. The Australian Cup winner and Spectre were, however, with drawn from the sale, and the following sold : — Rothschild, Mr. J. E. Savill, 235gns ; Annie Firmin, Mr. Blachler, lOOgns ; Country Girl, Mr. Weekes, 65gns ; Maid of All Work, Mr. Weekes, 70gns ; Britannia, Mr. Blackler, 77gns ; Raven, Mr. Weekes, 24gns ; Jack Harkaway, Mr. -Weekes, 30gns ; Lady Wildare, Mr. Pegler, 19gns; D.O.D., Mr. Chambers, 176gns. Brood Mares. — Young Bess, Mr. Pegler, 29gns ; Elvina, Mr. Pegler, 41gns; Lucy Long, Mr. Pegler, 30gns; Jenedin, Mr. Pegler, J 35gns. Biverina (filly by Winterlake), Mr. Pegler, 32gns. At the Kapunda (S.A.) races on the 1st and 2nd June, the Hurdle Race, two miles, was won by the old Panic gelding Veno (9st 101b), well known in this colony, with Clifton (lOst) second, ana Phoenix (lust) third. The Hapunaa Handicap of £75 fell to Fictitious, by Panic (7st 41b), and ridden by Hales ; Mallala (6st 71b), and who is now in Howie's stable, second ; and Cock of the Walk (8st) third. At one time the clever Ballarat division thought they had the makings of a fine jumping horse in Fictitious, but he olid not answer ex pectations at the illegitimate game, and, judging by his running at Kapunda, seems to be better on the fiat. Mallala and Chief tan, respectively, won the Free Handicap and Maidens ; and the Town Plate was easily ap propriated by Crystal (8st 41b), who ran third to Mata in the Birthday Cup, Frank Hewitt (9st 31b) second, and D.O.D. (late Alarm, 9st 31b) third. Lucy (lOst 111b), ridden by Floyd, and who won the Steeplechase at the Birth day Cup, fairly walked in for the Steeplechase. The other events decided at the meeting are of little interest. The coarse is described as being something abominable, and the wet weather on the second day put the climax on a miserable meeting. M. E. Weekes has purchased Lucy, the winner of the fete Adelaide Steeplechase, for the sum of £200. Backers of Miss Harriet in 44 the totali sator," for the City Handicap, won by her at the late Adelaide Queeij Birthday Meeting, had a long way the best of the prices offered by the bookmakers. The mare started at the nominal price of seven to one, but those who were, lucky enough to back her in 44 the totalisator" received the odds of £20 6s to £1 ! We are pleased to hear that the stewards of the Adelaide Raring Club adopted a sugges tion thrown out by us some months ago. This was that no bookmaker should ply his calling at a race-meeting unless he was a member of some recognised betting club. This rule was enforced at the late Adelaide Queen's Birthday Meeting with satisfactory results, and we hope that the premier club of this colony will see the wisdom of enforcing a rule of a similar character. The extraordinary time, under the circum stances, made at the late Adelaide Queen's Birthday Meeting in such races as the Cup and May Handicap won by Mata, aroused the suspicion that a mistake must have been made, and since the visitors from Melbourne have returned to this colony, we are informed that private 44 timeists" make each race con siderably slower than the official timekeeper. At the Ipswich (Queensland) races on the 2nd inst. them was a poor attendance of spectators, and the following were the re sults : — Sires' Produce Stakes— Legerdemain, first; Cadmus, second. Trial Stakes— ^Leger demain, first; Cadmus, second. Flying Handicap — Warhawk, first; Czar, second. Hurdle Race — Pantomime, first ; Hockwood, second. Ipswich Cup— Lord Clifden, first ; Proctor, second; Hermit, third. Settlers Race — Limerick, first ; Lightfoot, second. The Epsom Derby was duly derided on the 1st inst., when we learn by electric telegraph that the great classic race was won by the American-tred colt Iroquois, by Leamington from Maggie ; the Duke of Westminster being second with Peregrine, by Pero Gomez from Adelaide ; and Mr. Watson third with Town Moor, by Doncaster out of Euxine. Iroquois was a fair performer as a two-year-old, having won the Lavant and Chesterfield Stakes, and this season commenced proceedings by run ning second to Peregrine for the Two Thou sand Guineas Stakes. Judging by the re sult of the race on the downs of Epsom, the American, who thus turned the tables on his conqueror, must be the better stayer of the- two. Town Moor, with the cxception of Bal - Gal, was jihe bept performer last, eawoo amongst the two-year-olds, but on this occa sion seems not to have ran ap to the.form he showed as a two-year-old. A mating of the committee of the Victoria Amateur Turf Club was held yesterday, when Mr. N. B. D. Bond, the well-known sporting writer, was elected secretary to the club. Mr. Bond has had a great deal of experience in connection with the turf, and his appoint ment to the position must be of benefit to the elub. There is very little doing in betting circles this week. Monmouth is first favourite for the V.B.C. Derby at 7 to 1, and 10 to 1 can readily be obtained abont any of the others. Monmouth has alsobeen backed for the Derby and Cup at l,000Ts to 30, and 1,000's to 25 S the market price any other way. 