'Lectures. THE GOSPEL -AND CITY LIFE OF CORINTH; We have already placed before our readers an epitome of three of the lectures delivered by the Bishop of Melbourne to overflowing congregations in St. Paul's, Swanston- street. 'A Working. Man,' writing in the Argus, truly says — 'It is a disgrace that a man who can attract from one thousand to twelve hundred on a week-day for several weekB in succession, to listen to a purely theological lecture should have no pulpit of his own from which to address them. At the rate the Cathedral is progressing, he -never will have one during his lifetime. I think it a matter that concerns, not only the Church to which the Bishop belongs, but the whole community.' In commencing his fourth lecture, the Bishop spoke of certain epochs, which may be styled creative, which mark the introduction into human life of new intellectual, moral, and spiritual forces, and instanced, as the most remarkable, that which witnessed the birth of the Christian Church, when a new spirit passed into the torpid body of humanity, and everywhere the signs of it announced themselves in startling spiritual phenomena. The inrush cf the new life of Christianity was marked by most of wonder and perturbation pre cisely where the earthly organ was least prepared to receive it. In Gentile churches, therefore, and especially in such a church as that of Corinth, we should expect to find an abuse of those remarkable spiritual gifts which- betokened, in the apostolic age, the presence and power of the Holy Gt-host. We cannot look for the source of this abuEe in their divine element, the inspiration of the Spirit of Jesus, but in that state of the human soul, in which direct communion with God is a possibility, the existence of a capacity for which in man even pagan philosophers recognised. The Christian mystics of the middle ages also entertained a similar persuasion ; and many living men can testify that, after deep conviction of sin, and long crying in the dark to a God who seemed to hide Himself, they have been brought out, with a miraculous suddenness, into such overpower ing, overflooding joy and love, that it has seemed to them like a passing into the light of God's very presence. A wonderful light has fallen on God's Word, and a wonderful love of Christ has been, shed abroad . in their hearts, -together .with a mighty longing that all men might share their peace and joy. A love for all in heaven and earth,, from the most glorious angel to the meanest beggar, and extending to the very beasts and bird*, -was experienced by them, as though the coming of God into their souls had enlarged them with some touch of the divine infiniteness. All this is psychologically true, whatever of the merely physical may attend and obscure such manifestations. Charles Kingsley, who was no fanatic, speaking of the mediceval mystics, says — ' Would it not have been better to have examined patiently, charitably, and philo sophically, what they really were, and what they were not ? By so doing, I believe men would have found that in these mystics and saints, after all bodily illusions, all nervous fantasies, all pardonable confusions between the object and the subject^ had been eliminated, there still remained, in each and every one of them, one of the very loveliest and noblest of human characters ; and on that discovery the question must have followed — Was that, too, the product of disease ? And to that there can be, I trust, but one answer from the many. If here and there a man shall be found daring enough to assert that the most exquisite developments of humanity are grounded on a lie ; that its seemingly loveliest flowers are but fungi, bred of corruption ; then the general heart of humanity will give their cynicism the lie, and answer — 'Not so! This is too beautiful and too righteous to be born of aught but God.' ' Does not the reality of their holiness vindicate the reality of their ecstacy ? And is not that more clearly true of apostolic days and men ? Can any one study the life and character of St. Paul, and doubt for a moment that the spirit which inspired it was divine ? When, then, he tells us that all he was, he was in consequence of direct ecstatic com munion with the Saviour, can we doubt that this communion was real and potent— whatever interpretation we may put upon the outward forms by which it made itself known to the senses and mind of the apostle ? But if ecstatic communion with the risen Saviour was possible to St. Paul and his disciples, is it not certain that it would elevate every faculty of the soul, and colour and transform the whole life? Are we not, therefore, prepared to hear that it affected the early Christians, and elevated the expression of their emotions, as in the gift of tongues ; that it affected tbeir intellect, and so elevated its operations as to raise them into ecstatic know ledge and wisdom, and into prophecy, their fitting expression ; and that it so affected their will as to issue in powers of healing adminis tration and the like? If we have no doubt about the possibility and reality of ecstatic communion with Christ now, we can have none about the possibility, at least, of such intenser effects of that com munion as the mightier effusion of the Spirit is said to have produced in apostolic days. It is harder, no doubt, to understand the possible abuse of such 'gifts. For this we must remember the previous history, habits, and faith of those on whom the gifts were conferred. They had recently been pagans ; had been brought up in habits of deceit and immorality, and their highest thought had been to increase their own pleasure and personal dignity. The tincture of these they had brought over into the Church, and it was not in a day that the Spirit of God would turn Jacob into Israel. Of all the \- spiritual gifts that of ' tongues' was the most popular at Corinth. Of ecstaey there were three principal kinds — mystical ecstacy, in which the soul gazes directly on God and eternal things ; prophetic ecstacy, in which, piercing with purged eye to those real principles and powers that, although hidden from the eye of sense, fashion and determine our outward life, the prophet lifts the veil of time and sets his awestruck hearers among the solemn realities of eternity ; and emotional ecstacy, the exaltation of the feelings into such an intensity of divine love that they must express themselves by means of words, intelligible or unintelligible, in prayer and praise. When a man felt himself rapt into this intensity of divine love, what was more natural than that the overstrained feelings should find relief in such sounds as St. Paul describes, and which were unintelligible to any but those in emotional sympathy with the utterer ? It was an inspired soliloquy, an act of inarticulate adoration, the love of the babe going forth to its father in cooings which utter the feelings of the heart without the intervention of intellectual forms. The mystic, possessing ecstatic insight, gazes upon God, but it is in silence and secrecy ; the prophet, enjoying ecstatic revelation, utters his message, but it is in intelligible words, which men may mistake for the mere glow of human eloquence ; but these loud, sweet sounds of ecstatic adoration, so powerful, entrancing, and commanding, stirring the very depths of the soul like the blast of an angel's trumpet, who could mistake these, or fail to recognise that their utterer was caught up into Paradise 1 Conceive, however, the confusion and tumult which would arise from several of these utterances breaking forth at once, crossed as they might be with more than one loud ecstatic prophesying. Let us call to our aid facts with which we are more familiar, far coarser and more repulsive than those we are examining, such as the loud shout ings and roarings, hysterical and cataleptic, that used to follow the preachings of Wesley, or the later American revivalists. Perhaps the nearest parallel furnished in modern times is that of the so-called 'gift of tongues' among the followers of Mr. Irving. If we would realise the appearance of church life at Corinth, we must not be afraid to look the facts in the face, and to acknowledge that it may have presented scenes of disorder, even worse than those reported of the Iryingite congregations. Of course, such instances furnish us with nothing better than imperfect and perhaps, in many respects, misleading illustrations, hut they help us to give life and reality to the apostle's picture, and to understand somewhat better those singular scenes when many were prophesying together, or speaking together in loud unintel ligible sounds, so that there was danger of unbelieving spectators thinking the desciples mad. Shall we turn away from these things in disgust as the mere ravings of fanaticism, or with the stoic or epicurean sneer that the vulgar are generally extravagant 1 If we do, we shall be gravely mistaken. As Professor Jowett said, there was more than he had eyes to see, or than was dreamed of in a philosophy like this. Under the superficial appearance of poverty, and meanness, and enthusiasm, brighter from its very obscurity, purer from the meanness of the raiment in which it was apparelled, was the life hidden with Christ in God. There, and there only, was the power which made a man humble instead of proud, self-denying instead of self-seeking, spiritual instead of carnal, and which made him embrace, not only the brethren, but the whole human race in the arms of Mb love. We do not to-day believe in the gospel because of these wonderful phenomena, but in spite of them ; because we see behind them a divine power which could regenerate the human heart, a calm wisdom which, in the Apostle Paul, could rebuke their excesses and the vain or envious thoughts to which they gave rise. A spiritual insight that, recognising all in them which was good and profitable, could yet calmly measure their relative importance, #nd put tongue-speaking, in which a man edified himself, beneath prophecy in which he edified the church, and these and all other gifts beneath the footstool of divine and ever-abiding charity. ' Christianity,' says Isaac Taylor, ' rescues its own out of those tumultuous assemblages, and then, content with its indisputable triumphs leaves the ambiguous residuum in the hands of scofierBi or of philosophers, to be dealt with as they please or can.' 'Not unfrequently in these days we are presented with the likeness of this residuum in the shape of visions and mutterings, of floating bodies and spiritual voices, and asked to believe because of them. Our answer is, that they are difficulties, and not witnesses to faith. Where is the life that lies behind them ? Where is the power to turn lust into purity, impudence into piety, selfishness into love ? Let us hear the voice of some apostle setting spiritual truth above outward wonders, giving to mystical voices and visions the lowest place ; de manding that the spirits of the prophets shall be subject to the prophets, and never suffered to display themselves but according to the rules of a divine order, and for the profit of the whole com munity. Above all, give us a man who, at home, among visions and trances, and speaking with tongues more than all, can yet soar away above all earthly limitations, proclaiming with the voice at once of a saint and a philosopher, that all these/ wonders are of time, and shall vanish with the time vision ; that knowledge, as we have it now, is only like the blurred and distorted .images seen through ancient mirrors ; that tongues are only like the babbling of infants trying, and vainly, to utter the joy and wonder within ; that prophecy is only from a part— from the earthly side of human existence ; that the time shall come when all shall vanish away, the only thing akin to God's infinity being that love to which nothing is unseen ; to which nothing is future ; which seeketh only the weal of others, binding together brother and brother, men and angels, earth and heaven, and all ' with golden chains about the feet of God.' Give us this, and we shall have something as great as the Christianity of the first century, a gospel for the whole world.' In opening the fifth lecture, the Bishop announced his intention of dealing with the Church's conflict at Corinth with immorality. While its members were boasting and swelling about their wisdom, their spiritual gifts, and their leaders, they were suffering a form of immo rality to lift up its head amongst them unrebuked, which would have been counted infamous even by the heathen. This was a flagrant stain upon their purity, a poisonous contagion which threatened their very life. Gathering up, therefore, as it were, all the spiritual forces of the Church, his own apostolic authority, the suffrage of the as sembly, and the power of the Lord Jesus, which dwelt in both, St. Paul smites the offender with the rod of excommunication. The terms in which he delivers his sentence are peculiar, and reveal to us in a very striking way the apostle's view of the relation of the Church to paganism. He solemnly delivers the offender to Satan. The figure here would seem to be suggested by the ancient theocracy. The Church was the holy city, surrounded everywhere by an outlying paganism. Of the city of God Christ was the Lord and King. Of the dark domain of heathenism the ruler was Satan. To deliver a man, then, to Satan, was to cast him into the outer darkness, where Satan ruled. Carry him forth, the apostle seems to say, to the con fines of the camp of God, and, stamping on his brow the brand of excommunication, drive him oufc into the waste wilderness of pagan- . ism, where his master will be, not Christ, but Satan, the lord of that lost land. This form of speech presents to us most vividly the awfulness in the apostle's eyes of the sentence he was pronouncing, and at the same time the moral austerity which puts holiness before everything. We must not forget to notice, however, first, the occa sion of this stern discipline. It is not provoked by any examination of the state of the mind or feelings of the offender, but by open and notorious transgression, transgression so flagrant and visible that, unle'ss the Church cast it out, she must appear to all men to condone and share it. We notice, in the second place, the purpose of the discipline. It is intended, through present suffering, to reclaim the offender; 'that the spirit may be saved in the day of the Lord Jesus.' Christianity never punishes merely to make an example of a man ; it never sacrifices the individual to the society without thought of the individual's weal. It makes much of the single soul, recog nising its lofty nature, its wondrous destiny, its place in the heart and work of the Divine Saviour. This is the very note, indeed, of the evangelical spirit. At the same time, of course, it cannot neglect the contagious character of evil. Such an one as this incestuous offender, if he were suffered to flaunt his infamous sin in men's eyes unrebuked, would infect and deteriorate the whole body. This con sequence would follow in any age ; and how much more then in that, when the Church was scarcely extricated from the cleaving taint of pagan immorality, when, a small and feeble band, it was threatened on every side by the almost unbroken power of a vast and shameless heathenism. Discipline, and even the sternest, was necessary in days like those, not only for the church's sake, but also for the world's. It is a branch of the same subject which the apostle takes up in the seventh chapter of this Epistle. The Corinthians had asked him three im portant questions on the subject of marriage — Were married Chris tians to live together, or might they separate ? What should be done when a Christian convert was married to a heathen ? And, lastly, What should parents and guardians do— should they give their virgins in marriage? To the first question the apostle's reply is prompt and clear — between Christians marriage is indissoluble. 'Let not the wife depart from her husband.' This answer was dictated by the loftiness of the Christian ideal of marriage. It was a union not between two bodies merely, but between two spirits, each supplying to the other something that it lacked, the man giving to the woman strength of character and firmness of will, and receiving for his own solace and elevation grace, sympathy, tenderness. This union, so deep and dear, requiring nothing less than a lifetime for the development of all its wealth of mutual improvement, was further' hallowed and glorified in the Christian Church by its representative character. It was taken as an image of the love between Christ and His Church ; and those who entered into it were, bidden to aim at nothing less than the tenderness and purity of that divine and eternal relation. To establish such a relation in the world was to lift humanity to a higher phase of moral existence. From the doors of such a home there went forth influences which gave a new purpose and fashion to every relation, whether social or political, of human life. It elevated woman to an absolute equality with man. It made slavery impossible, for slavery cannot co-exist with Christian mar riage, and how could you part those who were one in Christ, one for eternity ? As Baur has pointed out, ' it was Christianity which, by the quiet power of its family and wedded life, broke down the aristo cratic and despotic spirit of the ancient world,' making the State less, and the individual more, and setting the crown of existence not on those qualities and relations which were political, but which were spiritual and human. What a gracious tenderness is there in Tertul lian's description of the union of two believers ' of one hope and one conversation.' 'Both are brethren, both are fellow-servants; there is no difference of spirit or of body ; they are truly two in one flesh. Where there is one flesh there is also one spirit ; they pray together, fast together, lead and admonish one another. They are together in the Church of God, in sorrow or in joy ; neither conceals anything from the other ; neither is troublesome to the other. Christ rejoices when He sees and hears such things ; to such He sends His own peace.' From the standpoint of such an ideal what answer could the apostle give but that Christian marriage was indissoluble 1 Perhaps, also, the recognition of his Christian standpoint may help us to understand his probably unexpected decision of the second question. -It was very natural for a convert, man or woman, who had a heathen partner, to feel doubts about the validity of the marriage union. The more clearly the convert realised his union with Christ, all the more was he likely to feel the stress of the difficulty. He was drawn into union with Christ. How, then, could he continue in union with one who was out of Christ ? A daily diversity of tastes, dispositions, and habits would obtrude the reality of something like a spiritual separation. Was not, then, the marriage ipso facto dissolved ? The apostle decides that it is not so. That same new spiritual relation to Christ which created the difficulty had so ennobled and sanctified the marriage relation, that the Christian woman tied to a heathen husband by this sacramental bond of Eden drew her unbelieving husband into the kingdom of God. Her tie with Christ could not be broken. Neither could her tie to her husband. Therefore, the husband must be conceived as drawn, if not into the light of the kingdom, at least into a kind of theocratic twilight, which was better than the outer darkness of heathenism. And, for the same reason, the children of mixed marriages are to be counted holy, capable, through their connexion with their believing mother, and through the impression of her spirit, of being baptised into the Triune Name. It is impossible to conceive a stronger declaration of the permanence on Christian principles of the marriage bond. All the more startling, then, is it to find the apostle, in his answer to the third question of the Corinthians, leaning to the side of celibacy. His decisions about virgins is — though he admits the difficulty of the question, and only professes to give his private judgment on it — that it is better for them, if they will be free, not to marry. But now it is of the utmost im portance, if we would understand this decision, that we inquire into the grounds of it. Is it based upon the nature of man, and of the marriage institute, or has it only reference to the circumstances of a particular age ? If the former, it is equally valid, so far as it goes, for all time ; but if the latter, it will only have application to those who are in these contemplated circumstances. The grounds of the apostle's counsel are of the latter kind. He says that single life, he supposes, 'is good for the present distress.' St. Paul said that persecution was imminent, a persecution that would put men in danger of losing property and life, and which might involve them in torture, imprisonment, and every form of suffering. And who could fail to see that marriage would multiply the trials of such a time indefinitely ? A man might bear to suffer himself, but if he saw his wife subjected to indignity, his children tortured, starved, or imprisoned, would not this be a fearful trial of his faithfulness ? Might not many a man's constancy give way, and, at best, must not his sufferings be most cruelly aggravated ? Surely, in the prospect of such a time, it was better for a man who was master of his own will not to marry or give his daughters in marriage. Certainly, however, this is not the only reason given by St. Paul. He seems to say that marriage will cause a man or woman to care so much to please the partner as to interfere with duty to Christ. Now, we know that this is by no means a necessary conse quence ; but, on the contrary, in such a marriage as that described by Tertullian, a man might be sustained in his self-devotion to it by the tenderness and elevation of his wife's character. What, then, is the meaning of this statement of the apostle? We must remember that it only expresses the apostle's opinion with respect to that time and place. And, remembering this, it is natural to ask whether there were any circumstances in the life of Corinth which were likely to call forth such counsel ? There certainly were. It is true that no Christian father would have thought of giving his daughter to a heathen; but then he must give her to a man who had been a heathen, and who looked upon marriage with very much of the heathen feeling. The Christian ideal of marriage could not have been realised in a single generation. Bearing in mind that ideals are but slowly realised, it is wonderful that even among Christian con verts at Corinth marriage was still a relation which encumbered a man with cares which stood in the way of prayer, and was generally rather a check upon debauchery than what in ideal it was, and in fact afterwards became? Ifc was of this marriage that St. Paul spoke, and of it he said that it was less desirable than celibacy. The apostle's advice, in short, was founded entirely upon the circumstances of his own time ; upon the dread of approaching persecution, and upon the imperfect realisation of the Christian ideal of marriage. But now, in view of that disastrous history of celibacy which has sought to justify itself by the apostle's teaching, it is most important to point out what was not the ground upon which that teaching was based. Ifc was not based upon the view that marriage was in itself less pure or honourable than virginity. Strange to say, this ground — doctrine of a later Christian asceticism — was built upon a philosophy which the Church had rejected as heretical. In their admiration for gnostic asceticism, men like Tertullian strove to combine an allowance of marriage as something lawful, but inferior, with a fanatical admira tion of celibacy, which passed all bounds of reason. The error, as was but natural, quickly spread. In the works of Basil and Chrysos tom the worship of celibacy has passed into an almost unreasoning fanaticism ; and what it is most important to observe, it is based every where, though unconsciously, to the saintly writers — upon the gnostic view of the fundamental impurity of everything bodily. The Church was nursing a viper in her bosom, and when it was warmed, it lifted its horrid head and stung her well nigh to death. The effects of this asceticism were two-fold. Through its low heathen view of marriage it drew everything that was best and holiest into the secluded life of celibacy ; and trying to satisfy the heart of man made for sympathy, and the pure domestic affections with solitary visions, it produced at length that pruriency of feeling and falling over into forbidden lusts and practices, painted in colours so sombre, and with an anguish so deep, by the wonderful brush of St. Chrysostom. Secondly, by imprisoning — one may almost say by entombing — all that was spiritually lovely and influential in the cloister, it left the great mass of humanity with a sense of its own inferiority, and a suspicion that even its holiest affections were unclean, to sink deeper and deeper into the mire of an unblessed sensuality. Who can survey such a picture as that drawn by Salvian, a man of the highest character, writing of what he had seen, without feeling that this horrible gnostic contempt for the body and the sanctities of the home was an emana tion from the pit of darkness itself ? Should it not warn us of the danger of tampering with that most sacred of Christian institutions, and most lovely of Christian ideals — the joining together of two redeemed souls in the bands of Christian marriage? Never does St. Paul hint even at any contempt for the body. The body with him is holy ; it is nothing less than the temple of the Holy Ghost, the germ of a new birth, in which it shall no longer be corrupt and natural, but spiritual and immortal, crowned with the glory of Christ. Eesist, then, every effort to dim the lustre of this glorious ideal, treat the suggestion of temporary ties, or of easier methods of divorce, as they deserve, and be ever on your guard against the specious f alacy that celebacy is better than marriage, or that there is anything holier on earth than the Christian home. Remember, above all, that what some people are seeking to tamper with in the name of bastard socialism, is a precious moral habitude of purity of exceedingly slow growth, hard to form and easy to lose, which once lost, moreover, can only be regained by generations of painful restraint, compelled by social catastrophe. You may destroy the oak of a hundred summers in an hour, but it will require a hundred years to replace it. In opening his last lecture the Bishop said: — Some persons appear to think that I have painted in colours too dark the moral condition of Greece and Rome when these countries first came into contact with i Christianity. The fact is that I have not described to you, because I dared not, the worst and most repulsive features of the classical immoralities of that age. Sins which were the commonest, and which poisoned all ranks and conditions in that utterly rotten society, I dare not even mention in this place. Christianity, in fact, failed in. its first attempt to regenerate the world, partly owing to the false method which it pursued, as described in my last lecture, and partly owing to the utterly effete and disorganised human material which it had to renew and sanctify. Indications of this fact have already appeared in the factions, immoralities, and abuses which disgraced the Corinthian Church, and further evidence will be supplied to-day in the selfish willingness which was so ready to convert Christian liberty into fanatical license. St. Paul had proclaimed at Corinth that religion was something purely spiritual, and was superior to all distinctions of time, place, rite, or social condition. Straightway, then, some of the Corinthians took this teaching as the warrant for throwing off all restraint, all wholesome limitations of natural order, social custom, and reverent observance. Their grossest excesses occurred in connection with public worship. In apostolic days the Eucharist was a supper, eaten at the usual time after sunset. It was a social meal, to which the poor and hungry looked forward for the satisfying of their wants. It is supposed to have consisted of two parts — the agape, or love-feast, which came first ; and the solemn memorial of the Lord's death, which closed and hallowed the banquet. ' These two parts of the meal were, at a very early period, divided ; the Eucharist being celebrated in the early morning, and the love feast at night. It does not appear from St. Paul's account that this separation had yet been effected ; the agape and the Lord's supper still formed at Corinth parts of a single meal, and hence arose the possibility of such abuse as the apostle describes. It is clear that if such festivity in the churches was to escape the reproach of irreverence love must be the presiding spirit of it. But love soon failed among the wilful Corinthians. Were they not free, they argued, from all restrictions of place ? What was the Church more than his own house to a free son of the spirit ? Didn't the Master attend feasts ? Was He not called a gluttonous man and a winebibber ? Were they to be afraid of His reproach, or to take heed of the sanctimonious scruples of the ignorant ? Let the dish pass, let the wine flow, and when spirits rose let the laugh ring freely through the sacred courts. Were they not free to enjoy themselves where they would? But where, meanwhile, was their, sense of God's presence 1 Where was their solemn memory of the great sacrifice ? Where was the devout and tremulous waiting for the holy gift? Reverence having departed, love soon followed it. The rich refused to let the poor share in their offerings. Plutocracy flaunted its insolent claims in the very heart of the equal brotherhood, and so, horrible to say, ' one was hungry and another was drunken.' With this liberty that claimed the right to be irreverent and selfish, the apostle dealt with a harshness of denun ciation quite unusual with him. He plainly perceived that if he would save the spirit of the institution he must abridge somewhat the brightness and festivity of its form ; that unless 'the majesty, the tenderness, the awe of the feast were to be lost in a senseless orgie,' he must forbid something which till then had been lawful. Human selfishness was unfit for this feast of the angels, and the agape itself, after striving to keep its ground for some time, disappeared at last in the fifth centuiy, having been condemned by several 'councils for abuses similar to those at Corinth. Another form in which the false liberty of the Corinthians proclaimed itself was the conduct of the Christian women in the assemblies. It was the habit of women of the Greek race to wear on the shoulders a kind of shawl, called 'the peplnm,' which, on public occasions, they threw over their heads like a hood, thus, in fact, partially veiling themselves. In Eastern countries, and in Greece also, dress had an importance in making national and moral distinctions which we Westerns do not readily understand. In Corinth the 'peplum' very emphatically marked the distinction of sex, and denoted, it may be, something of subordi nation in ihe position of women. To the Christian prophetesses of that city, intoxicated with the conscious possession of high spiritual gifts, and with the proclamation of the religious equality of the sexes, this distinction appeared in the light of an insult. If in Christ there was ' neither male nor female,' why should they exhibit in public the badge of a degrading inferiority ? So reasoning, they dropped the ' peplum' and appeared bareheaded like men at the public worship. Seeing in this act an exhibition only of carnal wilfulness, the apostle interferes sharply and promptly to put down the dangerous and misleading innovation. They were mistaken, he intimates, in sup posing that Christianity abolished the distinction of sex. No doubt the existing distinction between men and women needed to be largely modified, but it was wrong to attempt to efface it altogether. ' Judge in yourselves is it comely ?' ' Doth not nature itself teach you' in the matter 1 This falling back upon nature is very note worthy. Well has it been said, ' Fanaticism defies nature, Chris tianity refines it and respects it.' Now, among natural distinctions, none is more obvious than that of sex. It is a distinction eternally fixed in the physical constitution of man, and further emphasised by the diverse functions which that constitution imposes on men and women in the training and development of our race. Men were not intended to nurse and educate infants, or to preside over the details of domestic economy. And, on the other hand, women are not adapted to fight the battles of life, either in the fields or in the forum, any more than they are to bear the burden of life's hardest work, either in producing, protecting, or distributing the necessaries of existence. Man is not thus realised in his completeness in either sex alone. 'Neither is the man without the woman, nor the woman without the man.' Woman is not an inferior kind of man any more than man is a superior kind of woman. Both taken together fill up the ideal of humanity, and, in action, complete the circle of its task. But this difference of nature and function carries with it a certain kind of subordination. Man, the fighter and toiler, occupies, as he must, the more prominent, though by no means the more important position. Woman, on the other hand, the nurse, the comforter, the sanctifier, can only do her work if she keeps out of the din of battle and the glare of publicity. Her delicate qualities wither and die beneath the scorching sun of public life. Fanaticism would ignore these eternal natural distinctions. Aiming at a dull, mechanical equality, which abolishes the rich variety of nature, it would make man more effeminate and woman more manly, thus deteriorating each. But the Spirit of Christ, working on the lines laid down in creation, vindicates its claim to be divine by not only preserving, but by hallowing and bringing to their highest perfection all the qualities, lofty or lovely, which belong to either sex. Thus, while affirming the religious equality of man and woman, it emphasises the natural and necessary subordination of sex. Nor are these two ideas at all inconsistent. Father and child are socially equal ; but the child must take a subordinate place in the home. Modern socialism questions this fact, and tries to establish a crude, colourless equality between father and child, on the ground that every human being with a body and soul has the same status and rights as every other human being. And with what result? The production of such children as we sometimes see here, with nothing of a child's modesty and simplicity, and as little of man's wisdom and self-restraint. So of woman. She is the religious and social equal of man. She may be his moral and intellectual superior ; but, when two people live together as heads of a family, the position of leader must be assigned to one of them. Nature has marked out man for that position by awarding to him the preponder ance of the active powers of life. The position of leader, therefore, he has, though it by no means follows that he shall lead on lines of his own selection. Never can he do so in a well-assorted union, for ' neither is the man without the woman, nor the woman without the man.' Now, what Christianity does is just to emphasise, and, if I may use such a word, to 'alleviate' this natural truth. The man, St. Paul affirms, is the head of the woman, as Christ is the Head of the Church — its head, to guard it, and to love and cherish it. So it suffuses this hard fact of natural subordination with the light of Christian tenderness. The loveless and lawless liberty of the undisciplined Corinthian nature developed itself in still a third direction, in connection with the eating of meats offered to idols. In the pagan countries of the first century when a sac rifice was offered to an idol only a part of the victim was consumed upon the altar. 'The rest fell to the portion of the priests, or was given aB a banquet to the poor ; or was sold again in the market for common food, either by the priests or the poorer sacrificers.' And thns it came about that 'most animals killed for butchers' meat had fallen by the hand of the sacrificer.' This state of things gave occa sion among the more scrupulous or superstitious of the members of the Corinthian Church to a serious difficulty. Was it lawful for them to eat such meat ? Did it not carry some taint of demonic impurity 1 or did not, at any rate, the eating of it involve some participation in idoltary? The scrupulous objectors were probably to be found among the Jewish members of the Church. And if the Jewish con verts had scruples, the more ignorant of the Gentile converts were not less haunted by superstitious fears in connection with this prac tice. The idol to them was still something, a power of some kind, awful and demonic ; and how could they tell that they were not putting themselves within reach of this power by eating meat which had, in a certain sense, become its property. The number of Christians at Corinth who felt these fears or scruples must, from the nature of the case, have been large. But there was a third party there — the party of wisdom, the party which boasted itself of its knowledge, which laughed all these ridiculous objections to scorn. They knew better. The idols were merely blocks of wood and stone. ! The meat, then, had been sacrificed, to a piece of wood ; how, there | fore, could it have been altered in the process ? They would eat it as | readily as any other meat. Nay, they would do more. They would j eat it at the banquets given in the idols' temples themselves. If the idol were nothing, what was his temple but a mere banqueting hall? They were free sons of the spirit. In effect the apostle asked of these, Who is the free man — he who claims the right to vaunt his own knowledge and gratify his own appetite at the cost of his neighbour's soul, or he who, with a larger intellectual outlook, has yet such power over his own desires and purposes that he can say to his heart, ' If meat make my brother to offend, I will eat no meat while the world standeth, lest I make my brother to offend?' Glorious solution of all our practical difficulties I It is good to have knowledgej but it is better to have love. It is good to be free, but if freedom is to be wholesome and safe, love must be the inspiring motive of it. Let a man love God and his neighbour, and you may leave him to do what he will ; for acts inspired by love are always right. Law, though it be written on tables of stone by the divine finger, may be broken ; knowledge, though it be gathered from the divine word, may leave the will and passions the slaves of selfishness. But love hallows all the springs of action j love sitting at the foot of the cross solves all difficulties by the light of the great sacrifice ; and so love may be left, the only absolutely free thing in earth or heaven, to do its own sweet will, for love is the fulfilling of the law. And because, in fine, pure love is the motive force in Christianity ; its method of reform and advance has always been quiet and gradual, always from within outward. The greatest blessings which it has given to the world have come as the dews come, as the greenness comes in spring, so silently, and by degrees so insensibly, that it is almost possible to mistake them for spontaneous outgrowths of nature. St. Paul states the Christian method in the ever-memorable words— 'Let every man abide in the same calling wherein he was called,' and he is not afraid to apply it in the decisive test-case of slavery. . He does indeed direct that if a man may be free, he should choose to be so, but if he may not, then he is not to care for it. Nothing can make him lesB than the Lord's freed man. He has that within him which can make his life grand, and noble, and heavenly, even though his body be not his own. If ever there were an occasion for the application of the violent methods of the political doctrinaire and revolutionist, that occasion was furnished by pagan slavery. But St. Paul will not depart from his method. He will not attack slavery directly as a social and political institution. Not force, but love, shall be the power with which he will assail it. Slave by slave he will redeem its victims. Master by master he will convert its authors, planting in each and all principles of love and justice which shall soon make slavery impossible. And, by the universal consent of historians, that force of Christian love, applied by the Christian method of persuasion, banished slavery from the world. In these days of social, poli tical, and ecclesiastical revolution let the Church be faithful, and instant, in season and out of season, insetting before mankind the ex ample and the principles of her Divine Master ; and she may be assured that though the conflict be hard and long, the time will come when everything which cannot become the vehicle of Christian life will fall away and be no more seen. Far away seems to us at times the echoes of that glorious life of the apostolic age, which to our imagination is all astir with works of love and voices of enthusiastic praise. Men's hearts are dull and cold. Hope seems dying, and in too many faith is dead. There is no open vision. What then ? Shall we hasten to cry the oracles are dumb, and to write Ichabod on the tombstone of a dead Christianity ? No ; let us rather remember that the first age, too, had its difficulties ; that then there was a wisdom which was not of God, a sensuality which might have shamed the heathen, factions ex changing the bitter reproaches of party hate, and abuse as well of the most splendid spiritual gifts as of the most solemn ordinances. Our task is not heavier than was that of St. Paul ; and thanks be to God, our light and help are the same as his. When, therefore, we feel our hearts sinking within us at sight of the unbelief, frivolity, and strong indifference with which we are surrounded, let us secretly repeat to our hearts those words of One who cannot deceive, who is the same yesterday, and to-day, and for ever, — ' Lo, I am with you all the days — this day, and all the days that are yet to be, even to the end of the age.' ? 