BEFORiE THE CURTAIN. — At the Gaiety Theatre ' Mother-in-Law ' has given place to ' Belphegor, the Mountebank.' Mr. Alfred Dampier has already made a great name as an exponent of this complex character; but he shews that, every time he appears in it, there is some- thing better to be added, and this argues careful, attentive, close, and successful study. The pathos of certain scenes is very affecting, and the comedy is developed with the greatest skill. Mr. Dampier is admirably supported. Miss Adere makes a most inter esting Madeline, acting with ability and fully carrying out the meaning of the character. Miss Rose Dampier plays Henri very prettily indeed. Mr. Stewart is intensely comioal as Fanfaronade, and the other parts are entrusted to members of the company in every way qualified to do them complete justice. The drama is very carefully placed upon the stage. ' Belphegor ' will be repeated this evening, but on Saturday night Charles Reade's ' It is Never too Late to Mend' is to be produced for the first time at this theatre. Mr. Dampier, and the whole of the Gaiety company, appear in this drama, and Miss Lily Dampier takes her old part, the boy Josephs. Among the most popular of the many popular opera companies who have visited Sydney, that now performing at the Opera House must henceforward take the first place. It is com plete in every respect, from principals to supernumeraries. Every work the company has produced has been a success in a more or less marked degree. The last of the series of triumphs has been the performance of Donizetti's grand opera, ' Lucrezia Borgia.' Miss Montague has oftentimes displayed the greatness of compass, flexibility, and beauty of her voice, and has earned for herself a brilliant reputation as a vocalist, but she has seldom gained for herself so many enthusiastic admirers as she did after her appearance in this admirable role. Nothing was attempted that was not most successfully accomplished, and no difficulty in the music occurred that this charming cantatrice did not grandly over come. It was, to use a cant expression, quite a musical treat. Mr. Charles Turner sang Gennaro with his accustomed perfectness, and Miss Lambert was even more than ordinarily pleasing as Maffeo Orsini. The opera was in all respects splendidly rendered, and unquestionably became the foremost success of the season. Faust has since been revived. This evening Miss Annis Montague is to take a well-earned benefit, and on this occasion she will make her final appearance in ' Lucia di Lammermoor. ' On Saturday night the opera season concludes. The operatic season has terminated at the Theatre Royal, and in its stead Mr. and Mrs. J. C. Williamson have introduced to the patrons of this house a new American- German drama entitled ' Eureka.' A new company of dramatic artists has been engaged. The drama referred to is a story of domestic tragedy. A husband is deserted by his wife, who takes with her his child. The injured one pursues her, and eventually overtakes her and regains his offspring. To get back the child then becomes the aim of the woman's life, and failing to accomplish that object, she poisons herself and her para mour is shot, and the play ends. Mr. and Mrs. Williamson are both admirably suited with parts, Mr. Williamson playing an amiable but eccentric Dutchman, and Mrs. Williamson a cheery and bright, if rather cheeky, young girl, and the other characters are well drawn, and are capitally played. To enhance the attractiveness of the drama Mr. Gordon has painted some really beautiful scenery. On Saturday afternoon Mr. Leon Oaron's famous Melbourne Exhi bition prize cantata, ' Victoria,' is to be given in the Garden Palaoe, under the patronage of His Excellency the Governor. The vocalists to take part in the production are Miss Annis Montague, Miss Eva Davenport, Messrs. Charles Turner and Edward Farley. Mr. Charles Huenerbein will act as accompanist, and the choruses are to be sup plied by the members of the Montague-Turner Opera Company and of the Sacred Choral Association. The performance, which Mr. Punch expects to find thoroughly enjoyable, will be conducted by the composer. « Ould Erin ' is still being played at the Queen's Theatre, with Mr. Walter Reynolds as the bright particular star. Mr. D'Arcy Read's ' Ghosts ' continue as entertaining as ever in the Victoria Hall. An extraordinary troupe of Chinese Opera Singers are performing at the School of Arts, and apparently with great success ; they give away numbers of presents every night, and sing some remarkable combinations of sound. Curiosity is alone sufficient to secure them liberal patronage. On Tuesday next Mr. Wilson's Great Circus is to reappear in the Haymarket Reserve. 