AUSTRALIAN GHOSTS. FISHER'S GHOST. Fisher was a well-to-do farmer, who lived for many years in the neighborhood of Campbelltown. He had originally been transported to the colony, but had served out his time and so became a ftee man. fly dint of unceasing toil, unflagging industry, and great steadiness of character, he had amassed a very largo amount of property for a person in his station of life. His lands and stock were worth at the very lowest estimate a round sum of about four thousand pounds. He was unmarried, and was no longer a young man, being about forty-five years of age. He was a man of very singular habits and of great eccentricity of character, and no one who k n?7 was very greatly astonished when suddenly h i m he disappeared, and one of his neighbors, a man named Smith, gave out to all inquiries that he had gone to England, where it was his intention to remain for two or three years and then to return to the colony. In proof of the correctness of his statement, Smith produced a power of attorney, purporting to have been executed by Fisher, by which Smith was appointed to act in every way as the lawful agent of the other. Smith accordingly took possession of the property, farm-stock, and everything, and proceeded to deal with them exactly as if they were his own. People wondered for a time, but Fisher was such a strange character that this sudden departure without bidding " good-bye " to any one was declared to be "just like him " rather than anything uncommon, and the whole matter was very soon forgotten. About six months after Fisher's disappearance, a man named Ben Weir, a small fanner, who also resided near Campbelltown, and who had been a neighbor and a close acquaint- ance to Fisher, was returning one night from Sydney, to which city he had been to inaiket. He was only in a small way, and always drove his own cart and looked after his own business. Weir, though a comparatively steady man, always had his glass or two whilst in Sydney, and perhaps a couple more on the road home. On this occasion he had taken rather more than his ordinary allowance, and though not absolutely drunk, was rather the worse, or as he declared the better, for liquor. When passing by the boundary tence of Fisher's land, which abutted on the main road, he was rather staggered at seeing the man whom he and every one else believed to be in England, sitting on the top rail of the paddock fence. The night was dark, and the distance from the middle of the road along which the cart was passing to the fence was a good twelve yards. lie might therefore bo deceived, but there was Fisher's counterpart as plain as he had ever seen him in his life. He pulled up his horse, took another look to make sure, and then called out " Fisher, be that thee? When did'st ta' coom back?" No answer was returned, but there sat the figure on the rail, in the exact counterpart of the friend with whom he had been upon such friendly terms, looking upon him with melancholy eyes. Weir was not wanting in courage. The idea of a ghost never for a moment entered his head, so he at once jumped off his cart and walked towards the rail, to see, as he said, "What was oop." Before he reached the spot the figure disappeared from his sight, though not before he had noticed that Fisher was in his shirt sleeves, with his arms folded across his chest—just in the attitude in which he had seen him sitting dozens of times before, when waiting for any one ho was expecting up the road. The only thing unusual about the matter, apart from the sudden disappearance, was that Fisher appeared to have a frightful wound along the forehead, from which the blood seemed to be freshly flowing. " Wull," said Ben to himself as he scratched his head, for his rather obtuse intellect was not capable of taking in the whole affair at once, " this be a queer business, surely!" So to make sure of the exact spot, he broke down several branches from a sapling that stood nearest to the fence, and then mounting his cart in course of time reached home. Of course he had not been long there before he told " 't'ould wumuian au aboot it." She, knowing Ben's marketing habits, and fancying that he had indulged more freely than usual, endeavored to persuade him that the liquor being in the wit had been out, and that under the inspiration of rum he had imagined the ghost. The more his wife talked the more positive Ben became, hut at her pressing instance he refrained from mentioning to anybody that he had seen Fisher's ghost, for, said his wife, " if ta' does, folk'll sure poke fun at ta', and tak' thee fur a gommell!" Ben was by no means satisfied, and next week when he went to market, in the same cart and with the same old liorse, he j)urposely refrained, whilst in Sydney or on the road, from taking a single drop of liquor. It was on a Thursday night, and on approaching the spot where he had seen Fisher on the former occasion, there he saw the appearance again, seated on the. same rail, dressed in the same manner, and showing the same gaping and bleeding wound. Obtuse as were poor Lens intellects, and high as was his courage, this sccond appearance spoke home to the one and was too much for the other, and without daring to approach or to speak to the spectre, he whipped on the old horse and made the best of his way home. "Coom hither, lass," said he to his wife when he had reached home, " dost ta' ca' me drunk the night V Betty was obliged to confess that he was perfectly sober; but when he related that he had again seen Fisher, and under precisely similar circumstances to those of the former night, she wouldn't believe a word Of the whole matter, and again insisted that he had been deceived, and that his fancy had been playing tricks \vitli him. This time, however, Ben was not to be persuaded, but made up his mind to state all he had seen to Mr. Grafton, formerly a lieutenant in the navy and now a settler and a magistrate of the territory, residing about a mile away. Determined to lose no time; Bun went at once to Mr. Grafton's house, and found that gentleman about to retire to rest. Without circumlocution he at once told him what he had seen, and also what he surmised. Mr. Grafton was at first disposed to think with " t'ould lass" that it had been an extra glass or two of grog that had raised the ghost; but afterwards he became impressed with the man's manner, his evident sincerity, and his firm belief in what he had seen. Come to me," he said, " to-morrow at sunrise, and we will go together and inspect the place where you say you saw the ghost." On the following morning, Mr. Grafton was prepared at daylight to accompany old Ben Weir. He had summoned to his aid the services of Gilbert, the chief of a small tribe of aboriginals that happened at that time to be camping on his property. Gilbert had already made himself famous by his skill in the art of tracking ; and only just a short time previously had been instrumental in apprehending several desperate bushrangers. These men he had tracked over thirty miles of rocky country which they had passed over barefooted in their attempt to baffle his pursuit, and he had brought the police directly and unexpectedly upon them. The party, consisting of Mr. Grafton, Weir, Gilbert, and one or two of his aboriginal subjects, set out soon after daylight, Weir leading the way. The withered leaves of the branches he had broken from the sapling on the first night of his seeing the ghost unmistakably marked the spot, and he at once showed the precise rail upon which he had seen the phantom sitting. On examining this rail stains were found on it. They were shown to Gilbert, who had then no idea of what he was required for, and he, after a very brief survey, " pronounced them to be " blood belonging to white feller." He was then asked to look about for tracks, and after searching about for some time, he pointed to a spot whereon, he said, a human body had been laid. As you are aware, and as many of us know to our cost, long droughts are unfortunately not so uncommon as we would wish them to be; and during this year it had strangely happened that for a period of seven months not a single drop of rain had fallen upon the earth. The tracks, therefore, had not been obliterated as they otherwise would have been. Still, owing to the length of time that had elapsed, Gilbert had many difficulties to contend against; these only made him the more energetic, and strange to relate, in the course of only about two hours he succeeded in tracking the footsteps of a man, step by step, from the fence to a water-hole at some distance off in an unfrequented part of the paddock. He gave it as his opinion tli£tt this man, whose steps he had tracked, had partly carried, partly dragged the body of another man with him to the water-hole. Round and round the waterhole walked the black eagerly examining its borders, and trying with prying eyes to read amongst the sedges and weeds that grew around it the secret of what its waters concealed. For a long time he seemed baffled. Gaining nothing by this examination, he next laid himself down on his face and looked long and keenly along every portion of the smooth unruffled surface of the water. Presently he jumped up, uttered a cry peculiar to the natives wheu gratified by finding 6ome long sought object, clapped his hands in glee, and pointing to the middle of the pond, to where the decomposition of some sunken substar.ee had produced a slimy coating streaked with prismatic colors, he exclaimed " white fellow' s fat." The water-hole was thereupon searched by the blacks, and immediately below the spot indicated the body of a man was discovered; near it were also found a large stone and a silk handkerchief, evidently the means by which the body had been kept below the surface. {To be continued.) 