f ates mi ffotcltcs. THE GIRL I LEFt BEHIND ME.' **An- you have really resolved to join the anny and leave me, Charley ?'* ' I have. Alice, love ; we must separate !' *' Bat, Charley, why persist in keeping from me die real reason for this step that will break my heart?71 '?Tn eare yo* pain. Alice.' 'Save me pain, Chariey ! What greater j pain could yoa inflict npon me tiun that of j plunging into this strife and leaving me behind yon to mourn T* and the gtrt burst into a flood of tears. ** Don't cry like that, darling. Tour tears wash away toe record of my resolution made \ this moraiit* «Hten I gave my name as one of j Oe 105th New Yorfc boys. Don't weep, my 'And you have then already enlisted, Charles Abbott ; and after the act that breaks my heart anddestrovs my peace ts consummated J yon have the temerity to come and tell me not ( to cry about it * Leave me. sir, instantly !' \ red the sobbing girt tore herself from the arms of tbe yoonz man. 'Stop, Alice, rather than yon should think me actuated hy some unworthy motive yon ahall know alL* **AU what, airr ' All of wttmg and insult I have eadnred for yno, Alice.' 'Fitwn whom, Mr. Abbott?' 'T recrfct to say from your father, Affiee Aabton.' ?* My father, Charles T ** Yes. \lioe, from yonr father. Come here [ to me, dear, and be seated while I tell yon ; what I intended to have kept from yoo, bat ] t&e; hoar bas come when we mast be bnxve, j dear giri, for we must separate-' j ?* And yon have been keeping a secret from me. Charier, affecting the happiness of as both,' said the girl, reproachfully, as she Mated herself rain by the side of her lover, every indication of 'her momentary pique ' disappearing. 'Tell me, dear ; for are we not one ?' Tea, dearest, I trust bo, and hare long known that ynor heart was mine,' and his arm ' again encircled her ; ' but it is the old Btory that here meets as of the coarse of true love i never running smoothly* and so the stream of onr aaited affections has come to a gigantic booJder at last, which for a time most divide *'Voa speak coolly about it, Chariey, as thonsh it were a, simple **rery day sffiur.'7 ** A simple every day afiair, Alice? Tome it is dividing die flesh from the bones and burning the marrow.'* , '* You frighten me. darling ; what has my father done. Bas he discovered onr cherished ** Aflie, yon could not suppose - me to be so ewteniptible as to win the affections of my employer's daughter and leave her father tn ignorance of the fact?' 'O. Chariey, have you told him V ' Yes, Allie, the busy tangoes of ramoar , else woald have told him, and I went to him tins morning, Eke a man, and avowed my love for yon, asking him for at least * hope of ?winning; you in the future.' ' And his answer, Chides f ! ' Insnlt, rage and personal violence. Allie, ' met tins,' and the young man raised his hat *nd showed a dark abrasion. 'That was tbe ' ?newer I received from Mr. Roderick Ashton m reply to my request for tire hand of his daughter.' ' My ooor darling ' how borrible ! Bat I do not understand it all, Charles. True, yoo may be poor and a humble clerk in my father's : office, bat are yon not the son of the man who, in his boor of dire distress, was my father's best friend ? Sow could he act so meanly and mngratefnlly. ** Because, dear. I am poor and ynn are tbe rich heiress. Wealth weighs much heavier tfcan either truth, honour, or Love.' | *' r«jH me tb»* whole circamsiaace, Charley ?' ** I vill, dear, so that ia the telline von may biow I am not actuated by the mer» impulse of passion or the promptings of revenge ; for, 0 ! my predoas girl ' to roe y-»a are awre than life -, and in that bitter moment of wild race the thought of yon restraitjcl my hand from smiting your gray -hatred father to the earth.' 'Tuanka, dearest, for the 2reat forbear ance,' a»A the rich, rosy lips of tite beantiful girl bestowed love's reword upon the young man cbaiisg under his injuries, ' And now. Charier, t*U me the whole ftary.' 'Simply, Allie, that this morning, taking advantage of what I deemed a more than asoal expression of kindness gd the part of your tarher. who spoke ia warm terms of my past l»^w-ar¥ and the prornise of rapid advance ment thev iudicated. T became bold enough to nnVtoeom myself and &ptak; of my o«n aml»iti--as bnpes regarding you, love.' ' Well, dear r'1 ' His silence pave me the con rage to tell of onr mutual attachment for each other, Allie, and I bwlly asked tor his approval of oar engagement.'* 'And then—' ** He rose, white with passion, and for the moment rage rendered him speechless, bat at last tbe torrent of opprobrium and infective broke forth, and he bestowed every vile epithet upon me possible, concluding with striking me a violent blow in tbe face and and ordering me from the house to never again enter it.' ' My poor boy '. and yon bore all this for me!' ' What would I not bear for yon, dear ? Anything bat a knowledge of your unfaitfifiil ' And that you sbaQ never have to bear, Charles Abbott, for if my father can be offensively and abusively firm hi hu rage, so can bis dinghtw be patiently and consiateatfy firm in her determination to marry the man ?he alone loves, 'or none otfeer-n 'Thanks, my own, bat . bind yoa to no rash promise. I go forth to battle for freedom for otters, and shall leave no fettered slave I herein the 'girl I leave behind me.'' i ' Possibly dot, Charley, but if go you most, I know that * the girl yon leave behind you, - willingly, nay rejoicingly, places ppoa tbe ! heart — ao longer her own — the fetters of ( constancy binding her to the man she loves, i forever and aye, \ *? Thanh., my beloved, for this voluntary ', promise, as yonr consistency may be put to j the test ere long.' ' What mean you, Charies r7 ' Only that your father told me plainly that bis views regarding your future were to unite : yoa in marriage to Martin Dinkelton, the army | contractor. ! 'Preposterous ! Why the old hanker ! might easily be my father, ha ! ha ! ha ! f Why, dear, if that is all the rival yon have to fear rest easy that my troth to you plighted wul not suffer mncfa violence.' ** Yes, but Allie, he is rich, and your father is wufnL What eoald a young girl without mother or friend do against such odds as wealth and fatherly authority combined 7' ' And are we not wealthy, Chariey 1 Does my father have any necessity to barter his daughter's happiness for gold ? No, no, dear ; rest assured that was but a mere figment of my father's brain held out to tantalize and torment as both. And was it this that finally determined you to join the army V ' Parti*0y, dear ; in fact the pressure was three-fold in character. I had no longer employment here ; I had incurred yonr father's lasting enmity by my bold presumption in **Jrrng for the hand of bis daughter, and in the call of -rar country to arms I Bee the opportunity to reach out and grasp a name and fame to proudlv lay at the feet of my lady love ! in die broad light of day.' j u I wnuld be false to both my country and j the confidence you repose in me, Charles, were ; I to say you nay, bat how can I give yon op j to tbe cruel chances of war ! Oh, Charley, Charley !' and she again burst into tears. ** Do not make the wretchedness of our parting any more poignant in its anguish, dear, than necessary. I go to win a name you will yet be proud to bear, my own plighted wife, and remember — Love bmisasrti die balls that round me fiy. Lest precious tears should &D; from Ouwe bright eyes. ' When do you go, dear 7' '* To-morrow we march for Washingtnn to join McCteUan. and though Ioolyeniisted this morni&g; £ have already been promoted, and am now Corporal Abbott, at your service,' ami in mock hnmiZtty he brought bis hand to the salute. ' You see my former experience in the militia has taught me die m'»nal and general outlines of the 'pomp and cirenm stances of glorious war,4 so that, mercifully preserved by the thoughts of * the girl f left behind me, throngh the ordeal I enter opon I can return and daun yonr band from the hand that struck this ernel blow, and your father will f^adly consent tn what he now treats with insult utd contempt.' 'Then po ! with this high ambition in your heart, my brave knight, go where datr calls, and I shall think and work and pray for tike hoar that will come to again unite us. Go, my hero lover T who for my sake has barns shame aod insult. Go, and remember ' tie girl you leave behind you ' will prove herself worthy of being a soldier's bride ! Bat 0, Charlie. Charlie, rtre hard to bear T ** Farewell, eweet -sae, farewell, and if yon fail to hear from me ann'd the dm of battle, remember that as you have vowed, bo vow I, that for you and you alone I tire and labour up' ward till I win a name worthy of the girl 1 1 leave behind me.' 1 Leaving these loving Souls to say their last ' farewells, and renew their rows of mutual fidelity to each other, we will dwell a moment on the permnmei of the actors in onr Iittie drama. Admitting that to write a ' soldier story,' so long after the war, is a sort of literary outrage upon the good nature of the gentle reader, stfll, as die incident about to be ' related has never before appeared in print, we ' may be p£.rdi*ae(i for its iatrodm£ii-a at this late day. The scene of the al-*ve dialogue is lf»cated in (Central park. New York, tbe time nini* o'clock one evening in tbe month of June. IStH Charles Abbott tbe hem of our ekcteu. wa- ju~t entering upon his twenty-third year, of tine personal appearance, and an education i fitting him for any sphere of useful activity. ' Left an orphan at an early age, he was taken in charge by a friend of bis father, or rather Ly one whom his father had largely befriended wh--n wealth and influence was bis. Bat, like many others, his wealth had forsaken hiocL A series of misfortunes had ({oickly followed, till at last Hiram Abbott, the once respected and wealahy steamboat owner, succumbed to the continued Mows of hard fortune, and died wife3ei=s and childless, save in ttm one boy vhn inherited nntliing save his father's good na&ie; and empty parse. The bequest of Hiram Abbott's death-bed, in the person of his only child to bis ooce derk ami dow well-to-du frieo-l JWienck Ashton, I was by the Utter received readily, and the I promise there ms.de w.as religiously kept, in &\-- [far as providing CharJes «iih a home and ! education, till as years crept on apace Mr. Ashton became rich and Charles Abbott occupied a str-ol ia his private office an confidential ciert at the time we write. Mr. ] Ashton was a. widower with an only child, the gentle Alice, who had grown up in dailv intimacy and associatjou with her couflia 1 Charley, as she had ever called him. til] ou arriving at ytare of womanhood, she presented that all may tte imagined as beautiful aod fasci nating in tbe most favoured type of American blonde loveliness. Two years the junior of Charles Abbott, she had foUowed closely miter him in the etadiea of early childhood, till at length the inevitable consequences took place in the two young people realiang a warm affection for each other, which had ripened into love It is a little singular that Mr. Ashtaa, bo keen and farsigbted in hnmifig matters, could not bare realised tbe result long ere it took place, and the wry fact that he looked upon tfaie daily Brewing affection of the yoang people with an indifierence apparently bordering upon * tacit acquiescence tfaerem, emboHeieTSaries and Alice to befiero that when the proper time arrived the fond father of the Utter would gaily give fan consent to the consuoimattoo of the nuptials of tibe to vine pair. But this was a thought fartiiest from tie heart of the avaricLOUB old merchant, who, in the budding beauty of bis daughter, saw alone the article to commerce, worth bo many thousands, and an additional accnmmlation to his already Urge fortune. His ambition for Alice was to wed her to wealth, and by that action wed the wealth thus secured to his own, and thus feed his hourly increasing yearning after social, pecuniary, and political power. This dream all round was at last rudely broken in npon the candid avowal of Charles to Mr. Ashson, followed by the scene of violence and insult, briefly hinted at in the foregoing lines, in which Charles was ienominioualy ordered from tbe home of his childhood, taunted with his combined poverty and presnmptton, aad ordered never to return. The late war was at tbe time nging in all ins fury; ettH, one flung the reader may surmise with possible pleasure, viz. : tint this narrative is not designed to rehash some old oft-told story of battle, march, or bivouac, aad wOl only relate the net already intimated, that from the office of Roderick Asfaton, from which he bad been driven, Charles Abbott went at once to the recruiting depot of the gallant L06Hi K.Y.S.L, whm tte enlisted as* private, to almost immediately raarcn to join the regiment then fbnnxng -* part « HcC3euao s command on the Potonut. Fortmntely, Ui£ officers in the depot knew Onries Abbott intimately, and tiuHig^i surprised at his free offering o£ himself ee ?* higb private,' BttU gave him a hearty welcome atod tii£ chevrons of a eorponL These were days of qoicfe action in the time wfaen the fate of hi nation hong trembling in the balance, » some of the readere of this little sketch know by dear bought experience. Fortunes were made and [oet in a single hour ; wealth was lavishly poured ont, and blood ran from the best veins in rivers ; bullets were fired wttfa such long range acearacy that tiley found a lodgement, from yonder eoutjltni battle-Main the Michigan or New England woodland home, where 'yet they rankle and fester in tile bosom of some loving wife or mother after passing throngh that of husband or son. And Che gloomy years roQed by witii «nar skies burdened with tbe clouds of doubt and indecision, and stOl the north rolled up tjbeir stream of life and gold in a torrent of exhautiesB profusion against tiieir southern bretliem who — whatever tiifiir faorGs, or however vrong ih& principles for which, they fought — fougbt «reIL For aoeae time after his departure from New York, Charles Abbott had written regularly to Alice, the last letter written after die sad day of Managua Jonctioa i&fonning; her of his safety and promotion to the captaincy of his comTMny ; after that she heard nothing further. Oniy those who day after day have gone to tie post, on Che arrival of each mau, seefcirjg tidings ot tiie loved ones* can appreciate the anxiety with which Alice waited {or the letter that never came ! Roderick Ashton in Che meanwhile was daily increasing in wealth, and star in the lucrative army contracts roUiBg iato his office, a ommiundmg rolling in of weaffli, that had already made him a millionaire. Long ere this his friend Itartain Dinkerton had become his partner m business, and Che firm of Ashtnn & Dinketton was well known for the gigantic character of its contract operations. Bat tbe gay and festive Dkitellon, however successful he ought have been with army officers in gatberrog in large contracts for 'salted horse' and 'shoddy,' failed egregrionsly in all his attempts to dose » contract with Alice Ashton, even though backed op by tbe stern behest of parental authority. She simply hated him ! Finally, the winning card oo which the firm hadstaked so mnch in the past changed colour, and reverses came. ** Bash tnooey ' had on rai-ioos occasions to be Iavishty expended to keep some rery questionable transactions from eumin£ to the surface, and spectulatinus rife with £oMeo promise proved to be but ' dead sea fruit ' in tbi; jzrasp. and swept away 1 millions, till finally Mr. Ashton found himself on the verge of rain. And still, strange to ; say, Mar-tain Dinkelton, his whilom partner, had cantionsly retired ere rjie blow fell from , t&e; partnership with a prodigious fortune, : makinz as his principal excuse far so doio^, tbe failure of his efforts to win Alice to lie his wife — a fact by the way which had constituted a highly important factor in tbe drawing up of tie papers Ly which the firm had been cemented together id the first place. i Tons in the eariy spring of 1S65, Ecderick AebtoD. after lunassio'r untold wealth, awoke i ooe morning to know be was a bankrupt and worse. Over his head by the single hair hnng the sword o'. Damocles, tint with its fall \ wooM instantly sever honour and life tang i integrity, and leave him a dishonoured bepgar j where once be .bad stood a mercuant prince ! But space forhids further reference to causes i acd reasons for the rapid evaporation of princely fortunes in those days, and die honest biographer only pauses to say : ID fares tile land to hast'tung ills a prey , Wlivre wealtf) accumulate ajid men d«eay Tbe Dews of Lincoln's assassination was ringing tiirongh tbe land. Men were still pale with peat np an^er, as impotent as it was terrible, and women's eyes were still wet with dewy tears sbeil over tbe martyred president, when in deep coosnlatioD in one of tiie rooms of a palatial residence in Xew York, sat two men. The mom — a cross between a study and an office — wag fitted up witli tire best appointments for case and business combined. The conversation between the two was carried ou in whispers, and from the Uancbed face and trembling band of one of the persons it was evident that the revelations imparted by Ike otber were of the most momentous j character. The men were Ashton and his former partner, Bu&dteo.; \- Andyo. positively assert, DrnlaltOT.. that the whole affair -? Mown f g 'Worse, Aehton, worse! The names A ^ mfet of you chaps implicated areevmnow m «g the hands of g-e secret service department at V V^tS»^aWttmt cursed idiot Booth have beensuehaooDSummateaSBastothrowasiae the strict orders he had received to stick to tbe kidnaping plan, substituting for it this wiSt^HnntoofppltoimiirUTr' ? -Oxotssy, Ashton ; only it would be well (or you if yon were safely stated in the Bosssn house. Toronto, to-night in place of here.' 'Why they cannot prove anything against me, DinkeUon, unless job Mow upon me, fur aS my tnnsaditms have been, done under en 'Yes, bet that assumed name is in my possession, Ashton, and I propose to use it to my own advantage. ' 'What! Good God. Knkefera, you don't mean to say you would betray what has enabled yoo to retire from the business rich, while I to-day am a criminal beggar f ' Look here Ashton nothing can be proven against me, while yon are in tins mire dean op to your elbows.'1 ' Well, admitted that I am. what do you mean by insrnuatiog that you could make me ''Ishton, business is basmess. Didnt I warn vou to keep clear of that ceespiracy to kidnap Lincoln and Seward? I knew what it would amount to with end) hot-heads n Booth and tbe rest of them.'' 'I know you did ; but then things were desperate, and the action would have turned evervthiaeio favour And given me « cool two ?mluonTon the confederate bonds I held, cant you see?' 'See? Tes. I see that yon have made a precious mess of the whole matter. But t have ipropositioo to make. Ton are in ray hands, Aslrton, andlouspot the rope round your neck to-morrow if I— don't put your hand in that drawer, my friend, tor I have a cocked revolver in my coat pocket. Kornr. listen to me. Icangetyeaoutbya little bard swearing, and win do it on one condition. ' 'Name it' ' Tour daughter fir my wife to- owrrow.' 'Impossible; she will not take yon.' ' Alt right ; then her father will haag the day after.' '{Mnkeltou. you know I gave yoa every chance to wiu her — ' ?? And t failed, yoa will say. Well, now I tell you plainly thai you must force her to wed me by eaowing her that I alone can save you from the srasp of the hanguiau.'' 'Good God, can ail this be real or hoc horrible dreunf ' Real, Mr. Ashton, real, as I fear yon will find it to yonr cost ; so act as yoa think fit, only remember that { alone can save yon. Good night.' The old man bowed his head on the table and sobbed in his agony, while the other with a sneer looked upon him for a moment, and, turning ou bis heed, departed. O what a tanged web we weave. When tint we practice to deceive. 'Say no more, father! To save you I win marry Mr. Dmkeltnn— yes, were he that arch devu. Booth, himself, i would stand between you and this awful alternative.'' 'Tbiaks. my child,' whimpered tbe old man, who seemed to have aged twenty yean since tbe previous night, 'but tbe marriage runst take place to-day. 1 know, you hard hearted girl, that you do this unwiSmgly, for your mmd IB ever upon tbe possible return uf that ingrate, Abbott, who won you but to trifle with you.' 'Call him not ingrate, father; he is mine «nd I am his forever ; and though I give this poor body to save yon, fatiber, my soal'c affections are Charles Abbott's.' *' Then your sonl's afleefioDS, Alice, are in the nameless grave where your lover for over two years has slept !' 'Dear father, say not so!* she cried, wringing her hands in agony. ' Yes, he died in Lilihy prision two years ago !' ' And I never to know it !' ' 1 kept it from you to save you pain, my child,' whined tbe old man. 'Ur*, fatb.-r, go', leave me alone. I am so wretched ! 0 ! so wretched '?' '1 go, my dear : thanks to you, myBaviour child !' and with the closing of die door came the heart-broken wan, 'O ! Charley ! Charley V The palatial residence of Roderick Ashton, F,»j. . gave forth do outward token that the only ?laughter of the supposed millionaire was that eveuiD^ to wed the merchant nabob, Hon. Martin DiDkelton. In the gorgeous oVawing n-om were gathered a few of the most intimate friends of tbe two families to witness the ceremony perf ctrmed by an eminent divine of New York. Dressed in the gay conventional dress of tweoty-oue, the bridegroom of sixty fire stood side by side with tbe girl about to be immolated upon, the altar of tiirial duty. She was plainly dressed in a garment of jvhiue, her face alone being whiter, without ribbon or jewel, it licing her only expressed wish that tbe sacrifice to duty should be as simple as possible.' The father tfaos saved from the scaffold by _ tbe immolation of his child stood trembling ^M by, while tbe grooved gsestB seemed fromV^I their looks to be assisting at the obsequies of the poor girl rather than at her wedding. The minister had just opened bis book to commence the marriage ritual when the blare of a military band was heard borne through the open windoirs pitying the well-known march, 'The Girt i Left Behind lie.' The first indication of life given by Alice Ashton jras as this familiar air wu heard, m suggestive to her, and a great pent-up sob of anguish came bursting forth from her breaking ' Proceed, sir, with the ceremony,' snarled the bridegroom. The aiaigar again attempted to speit, when he was ouot more mterrnptod, ?tins tine by * voice from the rear o£ the AH tamed at «? to ace when the voice gaoeeded Cram, and beheld1 ? soldier resting sfflon cruet&es.; An old, ragged, blue army ffcronat enveloped his person, while m Mood «Uine4doth n bound about his bro w. Be cu-sd steadfast at the bride, his pale Ease Betraying only grief, not anger nor renTOaeJl. '? Alice'' aeaio issued from hiis bloodless lifB. Tbe momentary astomshmeiil at tiie intrusion qoiddy subiided. 'Wort the devil do you want here, you raeaoluffaa ?' roared the bridegroom. Toe stsanger their down his crotches and advanced to the side of the terrified girl, who, with dilated eyes, stood stood staring at the apparition as though she saw a ghost newly arisen from the tomb. 'Alice, is it thus we meet?' he asked. ' Charlie ! Charlie ! save me, save me ' gave— ' and she (ell fainting in tile arms of the ragged coldier. 'Charles Abbott, by aH that's gracious !' shouted Dinkeltoo, starting back. ' 'Charles Abbott, yoa scoundrel, unhand say daughter '.** cried Asbton, n»»l.-iwg a frantic grasp at the old overcoat. Poor old coat, it had seen too much service to stand each a wrench as it then received, and coming apart discovered beneath it the rich uniform of a. fpmeral in the onion army ! Again sablime astonishment reigned ?mpreraeaad the tableau was a perfect picture. 'CoL Abbott— Gen. Abbott— what— what — what — daes^does this mean ; will you be good enough toexplain »' faltered Mr. Ashton, as he stood trembling with one-half of the old falne coal; id h'ff faatiyl. 'Gen. Abbott W ? , at your service, sir. 1 have served my country under the name my mother bore when a girl,' and removing the bandage from his brow Charles Abbott stood 'revealed. Alice here opened her eyes and found herself in the arms -sf him she had long Boomed as dead, bat she was vet speechless. 'What! not Gen. W ? , of the quarter master's department,'' cried Dinkeltoo. 'The same, Mr. Dinkeltoo ; a fact which von will probably hare serjoas occasion to better knoar ere yon are many hours older, air. But do not let me interrupt the ceremony Eartiier, geatiemen ; I only wished for one list look at 'lie girl I left behind me,' false a* she be, only one last kiss thus— and now, false woman, farewell for ever. Yoa. tint could so easily forget your troth and seD your body and soal to yonder traitorons carrion, are sot fit to he a soldier's wife. And tn I l.i.i you farewell,' and Charles, for he it was, made an effort to release her. Bat no ; sbe ching to him with the tenacity of ^-'^ findagatlastnicetocry-. j 'Charley, Charley, my ova lore! I never was false, t hare been true to you always, i but they told me you perished in Libby prisioa two years ago. O, why did you oat write to me, tell me darling?' 'f did, Alice. Sot a month has psased that I did not send you a letter. Can it be that you bare not received them ?' ' Sone, not a letter but two ance you left me. 0, save ate, Charley, save me !* 'Ah, soaje more deviltry here, is there! Bow is this. Mr. Ashtoo? tly letters were all directed in your care.' ' I— I wffl folly explain. General, but not here if you please. I ess mate all satisfactory, phase coate Una way.' Kattma Dmkmtos, ?mag tiut all wa. lost, was by this time aaeattag through the doar when General W ? .cried: 'SeaJzjr. arrest that man and take bin to the provost marshal's quartern.' ' Yea, ftssnaL Here you, air, you hear the orders. Eight about face, march f ' And mw, Alice dear, forgive myrudeaeu and the fright I gare yoa, but I thought yo. spere false to me, and acted a«eordingly. Can yon forgive me V ' Tea, darling, my own again, yes. O, I am so happy, tor you hare saved me from worse than death. Can you— can yon save— ' ' I fcaow what you ateaa, dear ; hash ! eat another wort I can sire your father, mod sriO.1* ' Dearly beloved, ' said the clerymaa, ' it is hardly my place to smggest, bat seeing the condition of things as they now present themselves, I would just hint that all conditions beiag favourable tbe — n ' Wedding proceed with the newly found bridegroom,' continue! fien. W— . *' \Vh»t say you, Alice, dear?' The look of unutterable joy that at the words irradiated her beautiful face, was answer enough, and hand in hand they stood before the divine, who quickly made of tbe long separated twain one flesh, and the gallant soldier thus won ' tbe girl he left behind him.' It is oeedlesBtossy they hwv happy ! They ore happy to^lay, and the beautiful group of American boys aad girls who oall Charles and Alice with pride ' father and toother,' are sure indications of the fact. Everything-was faHy explained. The letters of course had been destroyed hy Alice's father immediately on the receipt, leaving the noor girl in ignorance of the existence of C%arles Abbott, who by tbe change of his name rendered tSk possibility of his identification by her possible. Farther investigation showed a dirtv mess all arouud, so much that a compromise was effected wilb I-iok.-'too by which the matter of Mr. Asbton's association with the coospirat'trs was bashed up, to no more appear agaiust hitu, and, dyinu the following year, bi» follies were covered by the grave sod, where oft has fallen tbe tear of affectiod from the eyes of Alice. We regret tu »-iil thit Hoa. Martin Dinkeltoo has lx*eo twice returned to congress, bat about eight years a^'.» died aud was buried with all tbe hooours due a worthy statesman, from an a'ltairiDg and grateful constituency. — Detroit B-ho. * When things go to D K how C D they Besme. 