ECHOES AND RE-ECHOES. HIC JACET. (The Morgan Ministry.—Bom October, 1877 ; died Jane, 188L) Ye muses nine Inspire me while I sing ! ?ha Morgan Ministry—that wondrous thine' Smooth should the verse unto the leader seem. That has tor subject such a varied theme. What pictures flUthe vision backward seen, As 1 review events that happed between The present and the time, when, undermined Their power to stand, the Colton team resigned. en Boucaut took In hand the reins ol State To guide the country; till decreed by late Upon the Bench as Judge to take his place— Hegave Will Morgan front rank In the race, | And left the storms of Ministries' affairs Tb breathe a Judgeship's calmer gentler airs. S'"0!8.™1 "*th"CCOM. essayed tolorm Th Administration which has braved the storm wuraT years ^eroUed their lengthened But now surrenders as a last resource. For Education first, our Bowley Bees The chosen of Will Morgan, failed to'please : Bo he resigned, Although he felt the atlng, Sn 6 ^PUc6 ttete "dflMd another, King, Who, abdicating after, did allow The third in Education. Basedow Then first as Treasurer in Morgan's plan There came the genial lawyer, Charlie Mann, Who of finances had such notions dim He knew as much of them as they of him. As pleader In the Courts he wins Ms fame And calls down just encominms on his »■»»» Sharp in retort, ho understands the lavs, And hides or finds, as pleases Mm, their flaws. Although a lawyer, he could find his way With proper guidance through the long array Of figures that crowd up a Budget speech. He sought Ms dim and distant goal to reach. Ana made to meet the revenue's two eod& To balance nicely what the country spends Bnt Charlie felt he'd gain far more renown' As its Solicitor to serve the Crown; So he resigned, while, with a hopeful face The Ministry saw Bowler take his place. ' Fowler resigned, and Eounsevell we see In Morgan's team as Treasurer number three. Bundey deserted, Sjmon filled his shoes Hoping for lame, be scarce had fear to lose Till at the last of all the leader's train Playford and Hawker only did remain With scarce a limb that It might call its own. Yet still the Ministry some life has shown ■ As beetles of some legs and wings bBreft ' Stfil kick Md flutter with what they have left. It lost Its head, though—Morgan left his post • And then at last it yielded up the ghost. ' Tbe ordinance of baptism has bean put io a new light by one of the legal fraternity In the course of a petty Local Court case for the recovery of goods a needed witness was referred to, but neither the suitor, counsel, nor defendant could remem ber aught but his surname. The counsel on the other side, who is at times given to jocularity, got half humorous and half vexed at the delay* and said, " Where is this witness, what is his Christian name ? I suppose they took advantage of the helplessness of his infancy to give bim 8 Christian name" This is a new way to look at the ceremony of christening, taking advantage of a man when he is but a few weeks old, and unable to offer an effectual resistance to cold water sprinkling. A telegram from Redhill on the I8th eaya ;— «• Glorious rains still continue to fall. Half an inch fell hut night, bringing up the total for this mouth already to three inches. The roads near the Foat-O&oe; are in a moat deplorable state, pedestrians sink at least two feet into the mud.'' Some people think that the mud about Adelaide is rather deep and plentiful sometimes. To eink two feet though is considerably above an average man's knees. What delightful place Bedhill most be i tbe vicinity of the Post-Offiee. Such mud as this reminds one of Abraham Lincoln's story, as related by Major Jack Downing:—"One time a feller was travellin' along the road, jest a little north-east of Springfield, when he found a hat layin' in the mud rite in the middel of the road. He stepped out keerf nl to git it, and he was all struck up a heep to find a man's hed nnder it, and he in the mud np to his very ohin. •Darn my peotor, nabor, if yon ain't in a fix. Cam let me git hold of yon, and I'll help pull you out.' 'No! no!' sed the feller in the mud, spittiu' out the dirty water!'No! no! I don't want yonr help—mnob obliged to yon—for Pve got a good boss nnder me, and he'll fetch me oat as sure as preaohin'." Bedhillites ought to ride a good borse when they go to post a letter; if, as one might reasonably suppose, the centre of the | town is cleaner than outlying districts, they ought i to need one. Fancy a prominent citizen of Ked hill floundering in the mad up to his middle in a vain endeavour to obtain or post his Adelaide letters, and in the end having to be pulled out with a derrick! Would not the speotaole be edifying ? If it were not so serious the smallpox sosra in Sydney would have a lndiorons aspect, because there is something exceedingly fanny in the idea of His Worship the Mayor and wonderful civio dignitaries, the Aldermen, going to be vaccinated in a body. VACCINATION. [A IlBOENB OF SYDNEY.] It was tbe city Sydney, And all the people there In fear and trembling, dreaded Contagion in the air.* The Mayor, all white and ghastly. Was first to feel the dread, And then each Civic Alderman Began to lose his head. Outspoke the Mayor, in accents Of sorrow and dismay— "Come, ye my civic colleagues, And go with me this day " Unto that akllfnl surgeon, Who will us vaccinate; Gird up your lolnB and hasten, Ere yet It be too late." And hem-like His Worship Strode out to face the crowd, And take Ms place with infanta That yelled bo long and load. Bo chicken was His Worship, Ho babes his Council For on their heads the frosting Of age bad 'gun to fall. They cried not, neither yelled they As they received the lymph Brawn from a " female bovine Herself a well-aged nymph. It was not quite romantic, Bnt it was very wise: And from the Mayor*a bold action May an told good arise. No fairy give bin succour, No maiden smoothed hia brow— The Mayor and hia retainers Were rescued bya cow! There's waiUng in the city, There's dread in every home, For on the wings of terror The pestilence doth roam. Thus dealt the Mayor of Sydney, Thus dealt hia civic crew; And thus dealt worthy citizens, Of hundreds not a few. What a pity it is that so many excellent people take each a contracted view of the sub ject of Sabbath desecration.: A few weeks ago a majority in the Oity Council hastily deoided that people were not to use the waters of the Torrena on a Sunday, and public opinion was so much against them io the matter that they hsd to rescind the rale. A correspondent—a oity minister, who is admired for his zeal and earnestness—writing to Monday's Register, is fearfully shocked at the idea of having our new Picture Gallery open on Sunday for two or three hours. He says "Now, there are a large number of. persons who look upon the day of the Lord as being too sacred to be devoted to the inspection of works of art." He rather over steps the mark when he says " devoted to the inspection of works of art." No one wishes Sunday to be devoted to any such purpose. Parlia ment has, however, expressed the opinion that a small portion of it may be used for such a pur pose by those who d* not deem it wicked; and an editorial footnote . ery properly called atten tion to the fact. There are well-meaning people of whom Hood says— " And sure as fate they will deny m next To see the dandelions on a Sunday." In a little chapel somewhere np the country, where a revival meeting was being held, the parson got to haranguing his cougregatioa on the subject ot a misohievous old gentleman, who Bball be nameless. He became very excited as be felt himself powerfully moved, and ex horted his flock in earnest tones to get rid of the obnoxious presence, who was always ready on the first and meanest pretenoe to creep in and prompt them. After the manner of ministers of his class, from -talking in the abstraot he became literal in his form of apeeoh, and finally wound np by wildly waving his arms aoc crying repeatedly, " Jpeu the window and le him out! Open the window and let him out!'' Jnst as the parson, for want of breath, stopped after continued repetition of the above formnla, and a death- like stillness fell upon the assembly, some one was heard exclaiming, "And jam bis tail! And jam hie tail!" It was fairly | more than the congregation could stand, and a good many sniggered, while the balance ran pins Into themselves to keep tlieir countenances in order and said it was scandalous. Some years ago in one of the districts watered by the Murray a squatter—a self-made man contemplated putting np for Parliament. In that district resided a " bosseveky," a man with less of filthy lucre or its equivalent than brains and good breeding. This man bad a great deal of influence, so mnoh so that the prospeotivo legislator fonnd it expedient to seek to make a favourable impression on the selector's mind. To that end he made gifts of sheep and fat kine to the adolescent selectors—the children of the man that he won over. The spell worked magically, and one of the influential one's daughters being about to essay matrimony in company with a rich sexagenarian the squatter was invited to the breakfast, as also were the member for the district and other notables. Now the selector besides being cultured was ^as pnnotilious upon points of etiquette as Chesterfield himself. At the wedding banquet course followed course in most approved fashion, and our squatter—an exceedingly homely man who occupied one of the plaoes of honour, was at bis wits' end between his anxiety to win the good opinions and the rotes of the better-bred men present, and to heighten the esteem of his host. Except at first, when he tied his table-napkin ronnd his neoa, he did not for some time commit any more serious outrages npon etiquette than the pushing his knife into his month, and occa sionally using his fingers npon a tongh joint. Pre sently the dessert followed the joints, and whilst the plates were being changed our hero saw a golden opportunity for making things pleasant. The .waiter had omitted to remove his knife; and the hostess, observing this, reproved the man for his negligence. Up started the guest, with a " Don't mention it, ma'am; this knife '11 do—I'll make it." With that he paased the gravy-besmeared cutlery over his tongoe, then wiped it with his coat-lining, and plnnged it into the bntter, at the same time smilingly re marking to the horrified hostess, "My motter is never to worrit over trifles, ma'am." Later the toasting came on, and to the squatter was allotted " The health of.the bride." The speech was so characteristic as to blast all his hopes of support. " Ma'am," said he, striking an original pose and addressing the bride, "ma'am, yer health, and many happy returns of the day. May yer next hnsband be as good as this un." Yet, bis non-adberenee to the Ohesterfieldian theory notwithstanding, that squatter Is as jovial, good-hearted a fellow as one need wish to meet, which proves negatively that good manners are not always an index to a good heart. 