WAMBEEAL. Br Hour Kkmut.T.. JofT * shell, to which Lho seaweed, glittering yet with grocniK** clings, Like the wnig that once I \oycd to, softly of tin old lime rings Softly of lbs old tunc spcaltotit-bringing arorbaaklome Sights o! fat-oil lordly forelands-glimpse! of the scmnding wt 1 Now the cliffs trvallbefonne-now, indeed, do I behold Shining growths on wild wet billheads, quiet poofi of green and gold. i lad, acrou the gleaming beaefcn, lo the mighty flow and fall 01 the great ingathering water* thundering trader Wambcral J 'I . Back there are the pondering 'atoonlains thero the dim dumb range* loom Ghostly shapca in dead grey rapour-lialf .ecn peak* august with gloom, > There the voico of troubled torrents, hidden in unfathomed deep#, i ' t Known to moil and faint green aunlightf wander* down the ooiy steeps. There tbe lako of many runnels nestles in a windloMwild Far amongst thickfolded forests, like a radiant human child. . And beyond surf-smitten uplands - bigli i aboro tbo. highest ipnr-r Ia 1 tho elands like tenia of tempest on tba crags of Xro<rumb«r1 i i Warnberal, the homo of ccl^oca} Hard againat 'aitrtanning Btnuul, Sit* the hill of blind black cavern*, at the limit* of (he ImiI Jlerelho haughty wM«T m»rchr*-horp the flight* of straightened ica Make a noite lite that of trumpet*, branding wide across the lea! Bnt behold, in yonder crescent that a ring of island locks . Are the gojd and. onuralcl cUtcrna fining tnoonhkoin'vuorocVal . ; Clear, bright catcrna, conod by moaaca, where the faint vet blossoma dwell ^Yith tho k»l of many colonra-down bcaido the ftarry shell. Friend of mine beyond tho mottnlniiu, bora and here the periahed daya Game like sad reproachful pjtantoma, in tho deep grey oTcming hn*o~~ pome like ghosts, and ail bcaido mo .when tho noiae of day is still, And tho Tain i« on tho window, and the wind ia on tho hill. Then they linger, bnt. ther apeak nol, while my memory roniiu anq roams 0?er scenes by death made, sacred-oilier Unds apd other homes! , Flaws sanctified by sorrow-twootonod by that face of yore-- ; , Pace that yon and I may look on (friond and brother) nerermoroT . Seasons come with tender solace-lirao lock a neither light nor rest j Bnt the old thoughts were anch dtar ones, and the old daya seem tho beat. And to thote whoVo 1OTO« and suffered every , pulse of wind or rain Xreiy song with Mdnesi in it, brings the peopled .Past again. Therefore, jast this, shell yet dripping, with this weed of green ana grey, Bete me thinkiog-r-sets me dreaming of the plaeea far away s Dmuning of the golden roekpoola-of the fdraCaid and the fall \ And the homo behind the mountains looming orer Wamberal, 