the last moment. Judging from the number of application.1? received, tho Railway department should .ex pcricnco'but littlo difficulty in obtaining « practical system for the cstablishmontjof com munication between passongors and guards of trains. About forty applications havo already been received and tho latest is from Mr Alkemado of Bennlla whose invention is un derstood to be worked on the comprossod air principle. Mr Bent intends to give tho plan a trial. Mr N. Melville, a member of the Now South Wales Legislative Assembly has applied to the Commissioner of Railways to test a patent carriage coupling wire. Tho matter lias been referred to the locomotive Buperin- tendant, and a practical trial will shortly ba made. The hon H. Bolton, M.L.A., to-day intra duccd to tho Commissioner of Railways a deputation from Wchring, a place botweca Nagambia and Murchison, asking for a siding at that place. Mr Bent promised .to inspect tho place for himself, and ho would then decide tho matter of site. Mr Justice Iliginbotham will on Monday next commence uio taxing 01 evidence 111 equity- in tho following cases Chum Goom v. the Reform Company, Burwick v. the Duchess of Edinburgh Company, the Attorney-General v. Iansell. The Chief Justice will, on tho 5th prox.,com- ironco tho hearing of'tha following "equity cases : — Tho Attorney General v. Huon, tho Old Welshmen's Reef Company r. Racirdo, Brown v. Abbot, Cunningham v.| Piatt, Mr JuHtico Holroyd cannot take ovidonco in or hear any of tho abovo cases, he having been engaged in all of them when at tho bar. Mr Justice Holroyd will not sit in Equity Court till alljtho cases con tained in tho lists to bo disposed of by Mr Justice Higinbotham and tho Chief Justica have been dealt with. Tho Tariff Commission will not meet until Thursday next, and oven that data has not yob keen definitely decided upon. Mr Mirains, M.L.A., tho chnirman, is to sco his brother commissioners this iteming, in ordor to hold a preliminary meeting on Thursday. If this is held, the commission will meet on Tuesday next for tho transaction of business. The sit tings will bo open to tho public. Mr Parker replies to Mr 1). Springfield on the Local Option Question. His letter appears in another column. In tho Insolvency Court to-day, boforc his Honor Judge Noel, tho examination sum mons in the estate of Joseph Bull of Belfast, late storekeeper, was continued. Mr Philips appeared for tho defendant, and ftjr Braham for , tho insolvent. Tho examination of tho insol vent was concluded, and that of Goorgo Haynes proceeded with. The insolvont was ordered to filo a cash account of receipts and payments from tho 1st Juno, ',1881, to tho 4th August, iu detail, and an affidavit, within fourteen days. Tho examination of Mr Haynes was still proceeding when Tub Herald went, to press. The body of a man, whoso name is unkuown at present, was found drowned this morning at Saitdridgo. The full court will sit to-morrow to dolivec reserved judgments. Tho Police Commission met this morning, and iiavo been engaged all day disoussing the naturo of the progress report they propose to submit with respect to the conduct? of the officers and men engaged in the pursuit of the Kelly gang. After a Bhort adjournment in tho middle of tho day. they resumed sitting at two o'clock and aro still in sossion. At Flemington this morning The Ghost did 2> great gallop. 