Orlando's' Revenge. BY Barnett Phillips, in Appleton's' Journal, If Margaret had only been twenty-five I Then Love could have nestled on her rounded shoulder : his soft whisperings in her ear might have been listened to. But Margaret was thirty-one, and her clavicles, if not ridgy, were at least slightly accentuated, and Love had found it uncomfort- able to perch there. Now, in my younger days, in lieu of the pomp and ceremony of a challenge by gauntlet, two boys were wont to place a chip on a fellow's shoulder, and, if by the least shake, shrug, or accident, that fragment of wood fell to the ground, it was a regularly understood thing that a pitched battle would ensue. It might have been a certain mental or physical conforma- tion which always inclined Margaret's chip to fall from her nearly padded shoulder. I must lay some stress right here on the lady's wonderful taste and skill in dress. I am even forced to believe that the trips she made every year or so to France wore undertaken, one half with the intention of visiting her brother and nephew in Paris, the other half having for objective point the careful selecting and fashion ing of dresses, which toilets Margaret would display in all their crackling freshness or limp elegance at New York, Saratoga, and Newport, on subsequent periods. Had the lady ample means ? Yes ; much more than she could possibly use and you may see her name, Margaret Perkins, na patroness of a number of charitable institutions in New York. There was really good cause for that expression of annoyance which Margaret's handsome face bore as she sat in a chair on the deck of the France, on a dingy uncertain kind of day last November. The telegraphic message she held in her hand, received at the very last moment, ten minutes only before the sailing of the steamer, told of some sudden illness which would prevent a gentleman and his wife acting as her escort on the voyage. If it had been possible Margaret would have postponed her trip, for she was prompt in making a decision, but there was such a crowd, Much confusion, it was so difficult to see captain or purser, to find her maid even to make herself understood, that before she knew it the hawsers were slipped and the vessel was slowly steaming past the Battery. "What a wretched, uncomfortable time I shall have ! That stupid Clare is sure to be as ill as a dog the first day out, and of no possible use to me. Of all sick women, a French sick lady's maid is the sickest I I had better go below and find her. On my last trip I scolded her into a day or so of convalescence. What a horrid motley crowd of people! it looks as if there was not a single English-speaking person in the whole lot-and it is going to drizzle" (and Margaret looked at the dull waters of the bay and it will be very sure to blow-and be wet and miserable from the very start. Well I am in for it, and must make the best of it;" and Miss Margaret did go below, and found her maid, who, as if at the point of death, was un- packing the values, and, apparently at her last gasp, arranging some articles of toilet in the state-room. How old Orlando was I do not know. his . preservation was, however, quite perfect, for he had something of that portliness which men take on with age, which hides the years. Margaret and Orlando became acquainted the second day out. If an ugly cross sea had slightly incapacitated the mistress, it had entirely disabled the serving-woman. The same green sea which made the France swerve caused Margaret to execute an eccentric and complicated grassed, and Orlando, somewhat to his discomfort, had performed the functions of an animated buffer. Margaret's aplomb was quite equal to the occasion. Not the faintest exclamation was audible on her part ; all she did was to wave her gloved hand in a deprecating manner. In doing so, she again lost her balance, and was in the act, in an in- voluntary way, of course, of sitting down in Oriental style on the sloppy deck, when Orlando was fortunate enough to grasp Margaret's arm and to adroitly slip a folding chair under her. To take his rug and fold it around Miss Perkins, to move her chair and all under the shelter of a life-boat out of the way of the flying scuds, concluded the performance. Margaret, amazed, glanced at a bright blue rug, which bore a medallion in the middle of it, picturing a blood bred fox scampering along with a green goose in his mouth, and was about removing this obnoxious bit of animated nature, when the captain, who happened to be near, seeing the flapping end of the rug, very methodi- cally tucked it all in again, and even passed and tied a bit of lanyard around the lady's knees and the chair. Then Miss Perkins, securely lashed, was fairly in prison. A rapid introduction was due to the captain, and Miss Perkins and Mr something (was it Faust, or Fuuss, or Foss, or Fuss the wind blustered a great deal, and the captain's English was rather uncertain) were supposed to know one another at least, the ice was broken, I rather like the ice-idea, because in a certain measure it consorted with Margaret's present state of mind, whose refrigerating powers, when she wanted to be glacial, were phenomenal of their kind. Some women are acid or alkaline in their talk. Margaret could be both sharp and bitter, but few could excel the lady in floating lumps of ice into the current of her conversation. The first thing Margaret said, was " Mr. Mr. Foss, uncle this cord. The situation is-" "Ridiculous," interposed the gentleman, who did not even smile, but looked as if he really meant it. Margaret resented the word at once, for she thought that there was no possible accident in life, at least in its relation to her, which could ever render her ridiculous. " insupportable, if you please, Mr. Foss," and here Margaret wriggled. Then the gentleman came behind her, and worked at the knot. His digits were either be- numbed, or he was awkward, for Margaret felt him execute a dumb piano scale on the back of her chair. Was he dawdling there on purpose ?" thought Miss Margaret. " If your fingers are all thumbs, sir, why don't you cut it out it, sir !" she said, sharply, ' No knife," from a voice behind her. "What on earth are you doing, then?" she cried, impatiently. "Teeth." It was apparently teeth that did the business, for presently she felt the cord loosen, and in a moment the liberator appeared with one end of the string in his mouth, and the other in his hands. There was such an air of simplicity about the man that Margaret's inclination to be curt and sharp was held in abeyance. " It must have been the beau Perse", which he release la belle Andromeda from the monster of the sea, which is me, exactly in that way," said the. captain, with that mixture of gallantry and badinage that Frenchmen delight in. Absurd !" cried Miss Margaret, reddening, as she flung the rug on the chair, and went below. Miss Margaret was then more annoyed than pleased, by Orlando's first attentions. To her the assistance of a waiter or sailor would have been more acceptable. "Fobs or Fuss," she said ; both names are equally stupid and insignificant." It took three days more of tentative civility on the part of the gentleman before the slightest token of greeting, the most flitting of Smiles, would play around Margaret's compressed lips. There was something abnormal about the ripe ing of this acquaintance, for the mellowing of it took place under peculiarly disadvantageous substances. All across the Atlantic during that November passage, barometric indications wretched storms and gales. There were but few were skies or starlit nights. A French theatrical company, which had come to grief in the United states, formed the bulk of the passengers, with a certain number of South Americans, and Margaret found no one to talk to on board. I would beg you to believe that Miss Perkins was fully cognizant of all the proprieties. It was not the first time that accident or caprice had placed her in a somewhat isolated condition, of 1 us how to take the best care of her seat. it happened that at the captain's table Miss I crimes and Orlando had their places. Once or three's ? the third day out Margaret had thought she would sit at another table, but, on mature consideration, she was not inclined to venture among the theatrical people, who were tried too noisy and hilarious to suit her ideas conHnC,°rUm- the duties of his position, the continuance of bad weather, kept the captain on linen,,! s re hours of dinner and Margaret's mr ^ÄCltlls-were hardly ewes to converse PeoXtT, e Bmp s, officers' Between the two people there are then some slight Social con. '. it might have shown bad taste on the part of Margaret to assert herself and her position to Mr. Fuss (for she had decided now on that name), but quite certainly she thought nothing at all about it. At the very beginning of their acquaintance, she conveyed to Orlando the fact that she moved in a higher social plane than the one in which he could possibly revolve. I am sure that Margaret had not the least idea that she was offensive, for by no intonation of her voice did she lay any stress on it. She only said five times a day, " Well, Mr. Fuss, among the people I have to do with, we neither think nor act in that way." The gentleman received this in such a defe- rential manner, that unconsciously she improved the occasion by changing its form, without vary- ing the application, as " Dear me, where can you have lived ?" or, " What exceedingly preposter- ous ideas of life, its duties and obligations, you have to be sure !" Had Orlando only disputed with her at the outset, she might have given him more consideration. If he had differed with her radically, she would have been quite capable of cutting him. She had thoughts of giving him the cold shoulder, of ignoring his existence in the most placid way, only there would have been something absurd in doing such a thing on shipboard. Then the captain, Margaret was afraid, might notice it, and her introduction to the man was due to him, Such acerbity, then, as she evinced was received by the gentleman with the most provoking imperturbability. She might be sharp or acrid or freezing, snub or try to discompose him, and he never would as much as since. She thought, however, that when she had launched some more than carefully barbed arrow he showed the smart by twirling an old-fashioned seal which hung from his guard- chain. The sixth day out Margaret hated that seal. From feelings of irritation directed toward the man, her displeasure was diverted by this harmless bit of blood-stone. Margaret was neither taciturn nor voluble ; still she liked to hear herself talk. For the last five years she had read hard, and, to use a commonplace expression, had cultivated herself. Whatever harvest she had raised was like that which comes from a sod-crop, tending toward tall stalk and voluminous leaves, without much grain. Too much self-made shade kept away the warmth from the soil. I ought to be humane at once, and call for a good deal of sympathy for Margaret. Ten years before she had been a fairly natural young woman, a little spoiled by wealth, and, very unfortunately, in her childhood had been left an orphan. But, what was the saddest of all, at nineteen, from an accident of temper, she had lost the man she had really loved. That this person was unworthy of her she had now made up her mind about, or rather she had fostered this idea and found but little comfort in it. This had been her own bitter secret, but the last year that she had shell over it had fallen a good many years before, Strength of mind with her was more assumed than natural, and, though conscious of her own wilfulness, she rather prided herself on her nipping qualities. If entirely too well bred to indulge aloud in personalities, she had a habit of asserting in her own mind certain ludicrous epithets with persons. In searching for something typical of her fellow- passenger she had adopted Fuss, and had added to it " smug." Now, if the man's physique had been in the least ridiculous, the word would have fitted him. He was dapper, but she could not help seeing that he was manly enough, and then was forced to concede that an indifferent person was rarely fussy. One evening when Margaret was standing alone on the cabin-steps, peering into the sea mist, she had seen Orlando chatting with a French acrobat. The gymnast, practically demonstrating a feat of strength, had gone through some performance, clutching one of the iron davits. Mr. Fuss took off his coat and tried the trick, and, though he became very red in the face, he went through with it to the applause of the French, and " With a little more practice and thinning down, monsieur might make an amateur de premiere force that is what Margaret heard. At first Margaret was very much inclined to laugh at a man whom she had seen with his head down and his feet up in the air, but she could not understand how she, is sympathy, had given a stamp with her foot at one particular part of the performance, when it was doubtful whether the amateur acrobat would gain his equilibrium. Though she hated to acknowledge it, she felt that certain respect which all woman have for the possessor of the and muscles. Margaret now racked her brain for something fitted for the man. She even changed Fuss back again to Foss. It irritated her that she could not place him give him a profession, a calling. Might he be a retired minstrel-a sporting man The most tantalising thing about him was now that she deigned to converse with him, she never could induce him to talk about himself. With a good deal of feminine shrewdness, almost the watching of a cat over a mouse hole, Miss Margaret waited for him to come, but he never did come. He was an aimless kind of person, then, for she never could lead him up to a fixed opinion. I beg you to believe that discussions on ethics were rarely indulged in. Once or twice, with a condescension which surprised her, Margaret lent a helping hand in dragging him up into the frigid steppe of an abstraction, but Mr. Foss slipped down in a most absurd way. After a while, when her fellow-passenger twirled his Beat, Miss Margaret was horrified with the idea that he was bored worse than that, something more humiliating was evolved, a feeling of serious mistrust, a dread that he was making game of her. When the voyage was three fourths accomplished, she became quite conscious that there were many topics of which he was master, It was not by his talk to her that she was aware of this, but by his conversation with other people. At the dinner-table a South American had advanced some ideas as to the character of the United States Government which displayed dense ignorance and bad temper. Margaret, being hot- headed, had taken up the chip and, before she know it, had entered into a rather acrimonious battle, when Mr. Foss had very quietly, at first put in a word or so, rather hesitatingly, and then had, in Liebestod taste, developed Miss Perkins's rather crude ideas, and silenced the Peruvian. When he concluded, Margaret had said to herself : " All very well, Mr. Fuss, and I have half a mind to be obliged to you. But why do you never talk to me in that way ? Am I too insignificant to draw your fire ?" Then Margaret felt rather more incensed than humiliated. The next day, on deck, the captain had asked the gentleman for some details as to the measure- ment of a star having some bearing on nautical matters, and the passenger had repeated certain figures off-hand, and given a word of explana- tion, which information the captain had apparently taken as authority. Now, Margaret had remembered how, the night before, when there had been a brief hour of starlight, she had talked volubly about solar spaces and nebula, expatiating on some half-digested theory she had read in a recent review, and how, all the time she had been talking, a certain gentleman's seat had been twirled backward and forward. " Is this a kind of wretched Admirable Crichton come to annoy me I wonder if I have been making a fool of myself ! Do amateur astronomers ever do tricks on the trapeze ? There is nothing of the peda- gogue about him. One thing is very certain I shall never talk stars to him again." This story is full of us, for if Orlando had been gushing or expansive for once, and would have only allowed Margaret to rap him over the fingers (verbally, of course, it would have satisfied her. She wanted a little cheap triumph of some kind or other such as all the world she lived in had been willing to accord her from her position, money, and good looks. If he had only given her that she would have had her chariot wheels robber-tired, so that she might not have hurt him. " Yes-he is torpid, and tortuous, and wants to conceal something. He hides his hand, she said, "just as if I care to see it." The idea that he was hiding something pleased her exceedingly for a whole afternoon until evening came, when she sought her state-room. Then she felt ashamed because she found herself wondering why the man frequented so much of late that part of the steamer where the second class people lived. A sudden flush rose to her temples, and she was conscious that her heart was beating a good sound succession of throbs. Mind you, Margaret was no better nor worse than are many other very honest women of her years, for the very next thought was a great deal like this "If I were not too old for it ! a flirta- tion, if only of a day or be, with this passenger might be the means of satisfying my curiosity solving, in fact, this Fuss or Foss problem. Don't I know, though, that the sympathy a man may have for a woman, or the curiosity of a woman in regard to a man, is dangerous ?" Poor Margaret let her be forgiven for just then there rose, ghost-like, another face, and she was scared. The state-room oppressed her she left it, but in the cabin found another humiliation. On a table, face downward, was a book ; one she thought belonged to the ship's library. There was a name written on the fly- leaf. Yea-Or- lands (silly name), but the patronymic was neither Fuss, Foss, nor Faust, but simply Frost and so she had been making an idiot of herself by emphasising Fuss and calling a man by his wrong name for almost a week, and he had never resented it ! She looked at the book one of the later poets. " The wretch I" Bho cried. " It was only two days ago I hired a quotation from this very poem, and just as likely got it wrong let me see. Horror ! he has turned down the leaf, and, as I live, has underscored the passage-and hero is a big pencil mark of exclamation in the margin and he prevaricated, for he told me he rarely read such stuff, but I suspected some thing, for he just then twirled that abominable seal." Would it be believed that tears came into the eyes of that woman of thirty, and the inclination arose to open a dead-light and drop the book into the howling Bea " " He is making a fool of me and I never never will forgive him I" she said. All the next day Margaret never left her cabin, and the sea- sick maid caught it heavily, but was none the better for the rating. In anticipation of catching a first glimpse of the Scilly Islands, the day afterward Margaret was on deck. Seeking the few rays of sunlight which were sifting through the fog there sat, propped up in a chair, a rumpled ballerina. It was some dancing woman who, a year before all bloom and sprightliness, was now coming home to die. Some fatal intermittent fever, caught at Para, was slowly yet surely killing this limp butterfly. Her dress was scanty, her clothing this she had been too poor to secure the comforts of a first-class passage. Some kind soul had evidently brought the woman on deck so that she might see the land. Around her knees the rug with the fox and goose had been placed, and she was muffled up in a man's dressing gown. Very possibly but a few months before she had been perfectly at her ease, coquettishly graceful in male attire, and had had a plentiful reserve of brass, cheek, go, entrant, cspiiglcrie, what you please. Now, pale and shivering, she was glad enough for the warmth this masculine gear afforded. How did Margaret know that this dressing-gown was Frost's ? Why, as he stood looking at the ill woman, she touched his sleeve, nodded her head, and kissed with a pitiful remnant of grace the upturned collar of the dressing-gown which was nearest to her lips. " If only I could get at my trunks ! unfortunately they are not in my room ; I have some odds and ends which would be more decent for that woman. I wish that man had not ached himself in such a public way. What shocking vulgar taste he must have to be sure ! chocolate merino, with blue Bprawliug palms over it, and the most absurd of bell pulls for a cord and tassel." Margaret Perkins was not an angel, for she even arranged a sharp speech for Mr. Frost, in readiness for him when he should join her, but Mr. Frost did not come just then in fact, he seemed to have a way of not coming now, when he was wanted. The purser of the ship, whose civilities Miss Perkins had by no means encouraged, and who, I regret to state, had called her fine chips avec des ideas assommantes, was sent for by Margaret. " You will be good enough to supply that sick woman with the delicacies she may require, and you will charge it to me," had said Miss Margaret. " Entirely unnecessary. I fully appreciate mademoiselle's kindness ; but we all have, so it seems, a good heart on board, from Mademoiselle Perkins down to the captain. The very first day, though, M. Press See the poor little one was sick, and he instruct that attention be paid her, but we could not allow that the captain, the doctor, charge themselves ; she have all the want. Pauvre chaste, who have dance, I am afraid, her last pirouette before the grand jump." That afternoon Mr. Frost was about leaving the table, and Margaret was toying with her coffee-spoon, when she said " One moment, Mr. Press do you not think you have overdone it?" " And pray how ?" " Please do not twiddle with your seal ; it is a most childish habit, Now, charity and all that kind of thing I admire." " Do you ?" "But ostentation in such matters is really distressing. That shocking rug of yours, with the fox and goose, though I hate it, might have suited the occasion, butcheries de chambre-" " Sorry you did not like it, wadded all through -" " Dear me, Mr. Frost, among the people I live with we give beef and bread and shoes and coats, but the Worcestershire sauce, the jam, the high heels, the fire screens, we deem superfluities (Let it be said, to Margaret's credit, that she had no inclination to tell Mr. UYojt that be own charities cost her a couple of thousand dollars every year.) "Now" (here Alias Margaret softened a little), " had you thought it worth your while to ask my advice I should have told you in the chaos of baggage I have a trunk marked M. P. No. 3, and if you will find it for me, Mr. Cross, I can give you a warm dress suited to the wants of a dancing woman." " Oh ! it is not worth while now. As we approach soundings, temperature diminishes, and that dancing-woman won't want it." That was not a polite way of receiving her advances. " We were talking of Worcestershire sauce," he went on "I have no partiality for it, chutney is so much nicer, but I adore guava jelly. We never have had a culinary conversation yet, Miss Perkins. It really affords great opportunities for expansiveness. We might try it-possibly it would be a novel topic for you." " Can you not advance an opinion for once in your life and stick to it, sir ? Are you in the least bit ashamed of what you did, which was a good action, a kindness I like frankness, and I think you are wanting in it. There, do Bay, for once : ' I will not be offended. Confound it, Miss Perkins ! what is it your business ?' " Mr. Frost did look amazed, and opened his eyes very wide indeed. " I dare say it would have been better had I turned that confounded-you see I use the word that confounded gown inside out ; it is then all one colour." " I am not going to be put off that way. You have not, then, the courage I hoped you had I would not give that" she picked up a bit of almond shell in her fingers for a man without an opinion I I may be a woman, but I think what is right, and I do it, or rather I must do it -it is the inevitable." " Do you want me to repeat that I hope, then, what I think is right, and I do not always do it. That is my creed, Miss Perkins." " That is an existence of expediency. You must be forced to shuffle." "Shuffle? Why, yes. I double and twist around things." " That is an acknowledgement, at least." "Shuffle ! By the way, that reminds me of cards, a source of amusement we have not yet tried, engrossed as we have been in conversation of a highly entertaining character so far." "I wish your connections of thought had less eccentricity. I can't pay you down to anything." I should not like to be an insect for your entomological researches," said Mr. Frost, so suddenly and sharply that he took Margaret by surprise. He was not so torpid, then, after all, she thought, and she liked him the better for it. " Cards you want me to play cards I dis- like them. I have not played cards since I was a little girl." "With your particular bent of mind, Miss Perkins, I have the firm conviction that you would soon become an expert player." "My bent of mind?" That was a second personal remark. He was improving. "What do you mean ?" " Why that for fun or love your card-playing might be careless or indifferent, but once engage you in a stake, a certain very fortunate characteristic which you possess, and which I admire exceedingly " " What is it Of course, I am flattered." "An imperturbable coolness would come to your aid. Then your deliberate judgment would rise superior to the dictates of fortune." "You think, then, that at my age I could de- velop into a gamester The idea is too preposterous. You may teach me cards, and I am im- pulsive enough to want to learn at once." It was unpleasant on deck ; the two then remained at table, a pack of cards was brought, and, when the evening was over, Margaret, an essentially bright woman, with a certain undeveloped mathematical turn of mind, became fairly proficient in a rather simple game of cards. When the stakes were sugar-plums Margaret counted with glee that she had won some pounds of bonbons. This card- playing, which was continued at intervals next day, the last one on board, removed a great deal of constraint, and, without knowing it, Margaret was gay, cheerful, and quite natural. She had not the courage to call him either Foss or Press, and evaded it entirely. The apology which was due to him she would await some future opportunity to make. " Your game again," said Mr. Frost. " I should not be surprised if you were a capital business woman." " Do you judge from such an absurd trillo as a game of cards ? " In some slight measure. I might have counted on such a novice as you are exhibiting a certain recklessness which would have induced blunders. People who are too grasping in the game of life mostly come to grief. It is coolness and deliberation that win the odd trick." " I have heard that be very often, though its application never was made personal before I" " If ever, then," continued the gentleman, with a laugh, "there came a contest, say between your inclinations, the better ones playing against your fancies-" " My fancies to " I am afraid, at that kind of play, whims -" " Whims ! Mr-Mrs.-" (she wanted to Bay Frost). "Your caprices, then, would be the victors, and your gain wretchedness. We all play those gained by ourselves at times kind of mortal solitaires." Margaret looked puzzled. How much of mys- tification or of persiflage was there in this It was a novel stop for him to play upon. " In all the circumstances of my life I shall be at least guided by my better judgment, the discretion of a woman of thirty. To me all the concerns of life have to be settled on the purest business principles. Your perspicacity is in some respects not at fault. I am essentially a business woman, and have had entire control of my own affairs ever since I was of age." "Too much business-will you deal, if you please too much business-I am to play-and chaffering with the world may make a woman hard, and has been known to-" He hesitated, " What, sir I half suspect you are trying to confuse me, so as to get the advantage of me in this game. I scorn the point, however. You were saying about business women-and I am expecting something incisive." " I was thinking that business sometimes a vexed women. in some feminine natures it strikes instincts, even feelings-translates her out of her sphere." " Indeed ! Do you intend that speech as an exhibit of the sentimental side of your character? Though it is over it is certainly neither kind nor gracious." "Do you know that I have a card-playing woman ?" said Mr. Frost slowly and reflectively. " Complimentary to me, certainly. Then, pray, why did you take the trouble to teach me ?" " I never indulge in personalities, Miss Perkins. I rather feel obliged to you for having furnished me with a certain amount of amusement." How should she take that word amusement? " Only-only at cards ?" inquired Margaret, almost breathless. " Do you assure me that you have not been laughing at me-at mo-from the time I put my foot on board t" She did not say anything more, nor wait for his answer, but rose, bowed to Mr. Frost gravely, and sought her room. That she was not in a rage somewhat dismayed her. Next morning, by daybreak, the voyage was ended. Margaret was unit to a young American lad of fifteen, who was awaiting her at Havre. Though the boy was manly and intelligent it was Mr. Frost who had to care for Margaret's luggage. Without his assistance she never could have caught the mid-day train to Paris. It was Mr. Frost who went with her to the station and bought the tickets. "Might I ask him to call me in Paris?" thought Margaret. Margaret had pondered over that question in latitude 42 07' ; when she had placed her well-arched foot of the gangplank ; when she had kissed her nephew and it kept bothe ing her now. " Should she give him her address ?" A few commonplace civilities might have some weight when extended to him in the handsome house on the Champs Elysees. She might impose on him then. As she sat in the station the matter had resolved itself into something like this " If he really cares to see me again he will ask me for it he must ask me, though I never have intimated that I should like to renew the acquaintance. He is certainly not a curious man, and never asked any questions. What he knows about me I must have told him and then he really did not seem to care. Mr. Frost came just then with four tickets in his hand. " Good Gracious !" thought Margaret, " he must be coming with us. He is quite capable of doing so, and sitting in another car." Mr. Frost gave three tickets to the nephew, and was paid for them. " If he is going with us, he might at least say so and then he cannot help knowing where I live, and the matter of my address finds a natural conclusion. I am not going to worry myself about it any more," she said Mr. Frost went to the other side of the room, and put the remaining ticket in the Back actress's hand. Though his back was turned to Margaret she could see the Frenchwoman open, with trembling fingers, her portemonnaie and offer payment, which the gentleman declined. Then he shook hands with the woman, folding over her arm the fox-aud-gooso rug ; then he made her a grave bow. " He shall have my address, for he has a good soul. I am so glad that that fox-and-goose horror will never be seen again, at least by me I I wonder if that cloak of King Louis's was in the fashion when he gave it away ?" thought Margaret. An official just then opened a door. There was a great rush of passengers. The nephew road with his aunt and the maid, and the three were swept forward. Before Margaret knew it, she was seated in the cars. When her brother welcomed her at the station in the Rue St. Lazare that evening, She looked around her. Perhaps, after all, Mr. Frost had made the journey with her to Paris. What is the use, I pray, of my being guarded or ambiguous ? If anybody has not already discovered that Margaret Perkins has not much more than a strong liking for Orlando Frost, I am to be blamed for having written this, the first portion of my story, in a most clumsy and inartistic way, I intended, from the very beginning, to make Orlando a mysterious personage, and, though my story may want a Mephistopheles, it might be modelled on that very veridical history which Goethe has made immortal. As we can- not always indulge in high comedy, I want to impress on my readers the fact that this is a real tragedy, with a very terrible denouement. I commenced directly with allusions directed toward Margaret. I may have deprecated her charms with a malign purpose. If Margaret had only been happy, or had wanted to be so ! If she had been lethargic and subsisted on a cream or farinaceous diet, and so gained only 5lb. more of adipose tissue ! Then she would have been a very good-natured woman, sweeter, from the full ripeness of her age. This is my chorus, in the approved Greek style, and it has this great advantage-it sets matters straight at once, and prevents miscon- struction. Now, this world is not entirely peopled with the good, the wise, the honest, the straightforward, or the sincere. Personal eccentricities are less common than neutral foibles among the men and women I meet with. It may be an ungrateful task, then, for me to portray human weakness, even to expatiate on it. I am very sorry that the goody-goody element has made so little impression on me. Margaret I met not very long ago, and I liked her exceedingly. As to Frost, whose name was known among all boating-men twenty years ago as the model stroke oar of the colleges whose good nature made him so popular-well 1 he was the very last man I had ever thought who would nourish a vengeance. [TO BE CONTINUED.] Sheridan's aptitude for getting into debt is well known. One evening, sitting with his son, the latter (Tom Sheridan) was complaining of the emptiness of his pocket, when the author of " The School for Scandal" told him jocularly to go on the highway "I have tried that already," said Tom, " but without success." "Ay, how f ' queried the father. " Why," returned Tom, " I stopped a coach full of passengers, who assured me they had not a farthing as they all belonged to Drury Lane Theatre, and could not get a penny of their salaries." 