Several more deaths have occurred in Sydney from small-pox. SkvLakk's have been acclimatised ou'the Clarence Kiver. ' Mil KurKRT Ingleby, Q.C., of South Australia, id dead. The man who recently stabbed a number of girls in Sydney has nor yet been arrested. uj«. v. r. wiAAitAOK, secretary or tne anire or aaarong, is mis* ing, und hia accounts are believed tu be wrong. Mr .; Georoe Cunningham wuh elected member for Geelong in the place ot the late Mr. K de Bruce Johnatoue. A FARMER named Thotmi* Luce was killed on November 26 at Lotiuforu by his bullock-dray passing over i«i« body. A slight tremuur of earthquake was felt at Mao borough on Novt-ml»ei 28. 1 John Houohier. a pnti^ni at Kew Lunatic Am lnm. committed Bliinde b- hunting himaelf with a leathern belt on December 1 The *«timated population of Victoria at the end of lust quarter wkh 873 340. Mu. J Warrington Rogers, Q 0.. hun been appointed lecturer Oil I he law ot procedure ut the Melbourne University. The Dickers* Arrua Hotel at Orange waa totally destroyed by fire i'!i December 6. A woman numed Matilda M'Carthy, aped 21 years, was recently Ion n- I drowned in the Yarra, near Johnston-street bridge. THE Adelaide City Council Iiub raised the mayor's allowance from £500 r.o £750 per urimini. Thb Government intendM having the Hobaon'ti Bay Railway BtHUuti, Klindern-atreet, lighted lij electric lights. StVEKAL deatha of children huve occurred at Temora from diphtheria. Five fresh caneB of smallpox were discovered the other day in the family of u Sidney milkman. A ivan finmed Jonuthnn Clutferbnck han been found dead nt Bullock Creek, 50 n.ilea fn-m Norwood, on the Cape River. He apparently perished from thirst. Messhs. HhWahd Smith and Sons are construr-ting a new wliMrfjit Dnriii.g liar hour, S-dne-, capable, of berthing ahipa of 3,000 tons. The depth of water at low tide will he 24t'r. A young man named Frederick Virtue, son of parents living at Geelong, lost his life the other day near Winchelsea by falling from his horse. A commodore's parade of the men atiached to the vespels of war, now in Sidney hurhou- took place ut the Domain on De cemher 1. About 500 men were present. Illuminated clocks are shortly to be placed in conspicuous positions at both Spencer-street and Flindera-atreet ruihvuy BtatioiiH. The Supreme Court recently hnd to determine whether tree feriin were limber in the meaning of the Lund Act. and decided . ; thut t hey iK-re imt. ? A\ Mb. V\'-j-rj£HX Hkevk is appointed mnrmt'ir for Auptralania of the International M udici.1, Dramatic, and Literary Association which h.ia lately been established in Lundon, A YOUNG man named John White, living near Mnnroopnn. while rtt.ing on horaeback with a companion on' Noveiubur 27, was dashed againBt a tree, awd killed within Uve minutes. The Supreme Court of New South Wales has by a m»ij-rity of the j.iduea reiuaed to grunt a new trial in the case of Atoore '. th'. Jjul'ttlit*. A BUTCH ER residing in Little L'nsdule-8treer, named VVilliam Addis.ni tSmuk, aged 57 yeura, committed suicide on December .6 by tuktng strychnine. AT a well attended meeting held at Roma, Queensland, on December 6, it wag resolved to form a ineut-ireezing company, and provisional directors were appointed. II M S Kmhrald will. probably leave Sydney short!; for another cruise among tue South Sea Islutids. Id. M.S. Wolverene baa been in dock The Victorian Licensed Victuallers' Association has requested the Government to impose Hume check ou the increase, ot grocers' mill wine and spirit inerehunta' liceuoea. ? . ? - , Pathiok Kelly, an old resident of KirkHtall, in the VVeBtern diatrio', wuo tnrow'n off his horse on .November 28,' utid killed itidtamly. ' ?'.'.* . . Mary IJardaore, a boardinghouae keeper, of Hamilton, com mitted auiciile. tiy throwing heraelf into a well while Buffering froui ineiittil ileprecaion. Mtt C. J. Roberts has presented the Corporation of Sydney with an oil painting of ViaCoutit Sydney, after whom the city ia named. The picture ia the gift of Mr. J. Hennike.r Heaton.. . A bazaar in aid of the building fund of St. George's (Roman Catholic) Preah- terv, Carltou, was opened in the Curium Orderly room, on November 28, by the Premier, Sir- Bryan O'Lughleti. The Supreme Court hiia refused to disturb the verdicts in tlitt oases hrotight by t.he woollen mill coinpinieaof Geelong I against the Government for dumugea oning to Hood a. ?' — --? ? A. YOUNG ruati named Peel, while at work on hit) fathpr'a farm at Mourn Greenock, Huaiuined tsuch injuriea from a acythe used by hi» brother tbat be auharqiiemly died. The German steamer Protos, which waa t-o sunceaaful in the conveyance of frozen meat from here to London, hus again returned, and will be bimilurly emplojed. DuiUNG an affray which occurred at Randridge on the night of December 3, a woman named Jane Vance was beaten, and kicked, and jumped to death by another woman numed M'Keen, The fiirmerH in the districts in the nei|-bbourhood of Quorn, South Australia, estimate the wheat crop at from one to cue and a half bushels to the acre. Mil. Matthew Buknett delivered hia farewell sermon at Adelaide on December 4, prior to the commencement of a tour in the fur north of Western Australia. Major FbiigussON goea to India on Decemher 23 on behalf of t.he hontli AiiHiraliaii (J Vf-rnnieiit to negotiate lor a supply of coolie labourers tor tlie Northern Territory. A SEVEKK nhock of earthquake whm experienced on December 5 HCioaa the .Vliiiule Isiindnt New Z-iiluml, 'I'lie Auglli:an C ? thedrnl at Chrintuhurch, which win, recently ilepuMeit in lh,K Sk'tctur, .-?ustiiiiied Home alight ii-junen trom the uhock. When addressing un election meeting at Fi zroy the other. day, Mr. lierr), in refertinu t.«- i he iip.nby ih-ii im nn-n fXiHtttJn ilm country and Puriuimeiit, declared ttmt the coiitiouuiiCe of the pieaeut suite of »lTaira meant deuih to liberation!. MESSits. J. Balfour, M.L.C. , R. Harper, M. H. D-ivieH, andJ. M. Ditviett have waited on the Premier to induce hiiii to allow clemency towards the culprit Thorpe, who wan nm vicied uf and sentriieeil for eu.b. zzlfnA'int, from the Bank of Victoria. THE police have uuppresaed street .preaching in Parramattti, New South Wale.*. The practice had become an lutoiemhle nuisance, and on one or two occasions recently had nearly led to a public di&iturbaiict;*. TilK mails between Taldora Station, in the Gulf country, and Mount Emu, were lately reported to be a month overdue. A coiiHtithle and some trackers iiave been despatched in oeurch of the muiliiiiin. John liuwis* GiiEtN, n member of the firmof M'Briar Brothers and CJreen, earihtriivvare, china, and glass iimnufaci urera' amenta, Melbourne ain1 Sydney, committed suicide by taking strychnine during the ingbtot December 4. Messhs. .Howard Smith and Sons' s b. Rodondo came into collision inaide .'-yilue- llead^, on the morning of December G, with the bartiue Woodville, froui Humbultlt, Uulilornia, timber laden. A lad named Hohz, who had b»en lost in the hn--h for five dajs, wji- found on December 6 by some natives, near tde Adelaide Kiver, 30 imlet) trout jjout tiport, Soiuh Aualrulia. lie wiia not much the worse for b.-.-- long exposure. PATHICK U'GoNNOK, who was in clmrge of a railway unto at Footacruj, waa run over and killed on Deuem tier fi, making the ?thud railway ^.iieket- per who was killed on the Vicionun lines 'ittiin little' un-re than a fortnight. A BEUIOUa lire Imsonciirrwl at. Keefron, a town about 48 mileH from (jiej iimtii h, New Z^dlutifl. Proper tj to' the I'.xient «»f £15,000 hns tieen destroyed The inMirfMCeH unly amount to A'2,0u0. A Dine named I'eter Alatad waa burnt to death. TUK dilliculty, und diveisit- , and niu'li ij»li« iry of the suhjectn in which tne stiideiiit) of the Melbourne University are exumiiied have been uevr-rely criticiHed by the pre.-a »m l.ijing too great u. deiimnd on the woikiiig capabilities oi the students. TliE board appointed to consider the claims of Mis. Anne Jonea oil the (.inierniiieiit, for the d' stiicmihi of her Jioiel at (jlenroWitii nt the tune of the fi^lil with the iveJIys, lecuujintliil tlie payment to Mra. Jones of JL'3u5. A BOY named Albert Bolion, 11 jeurs of nge, »ho was detected placing -.-ieces of atone on the Great Northern railway line, New South VVnler«, wua found guilty, and sentenced to eix months' imprisonment. A MAN named Searle while being nrreBted by constable Murphy, at YutiB, for drunUeimefy, resinliim the attempt to urreot him, wasotruik on the head by the constable with u loaded whip, and died a day or two after. At a meeting of the directors of the National Mutual Life Association of Auntraliicia (Limited) Mr. Kilwuni Langtoii wart elected chairmmi, und Mr. Alderujan Moubray vice-ctiuiriiiitn, tor the ensuing year. Two or three prisoners have been released by the Supreme Court on application for hubta* on the ground that they had been senteiice-i to Inird lahour in default of payment of tine, inateud ot to imprittoiiiueut only. Sir J. P. Bell's racing mare Wheatsheaf was f«miid the other morning in the 'jrunge-paddork, at his rewideisce, Queeimland, with her l^g broken. The snare, tor winch Sir J. P. bell recently refused 3,000 guineas, had to lie destroyed. The Victoriiin Riilway department will he badly off for rolling stock thia ChriftinuM, and fully 200 covered trucks will have to be pressed into tli« nerviee to supply the place of the- ordinury carriages, which have not jet been built. ?? A J'EHbON numed Michuel Luwler, who wns sent to gnol by the Preston Bench on two Beiueiicea of imprisonment — one of 48 hours und one of 12 months) — was, by n, uiintake, uet at liberty on the expiration of the first uud shorter term. Tun dispute between Mr. M'K»*iizio and the Madame Berry CompMiiy art to the How of sludite into the Scotchman's Creek I Iihm been -eitled, the c--mp:in.v uudei t»king to keep thiee springs on Mr. M'Kenzie's land In-e from pollution. Tins IlON JAM'S MUMHO, having resigned tho secretary r*hip of the Vn:t.tiriaii i't- riiiniii-i;t Building Society, has followed up that step by founding another monetary inHlHiil inn. The pro epectUsi announces that, it is to be called the '' Federal Bank of i AuBtraliti,' with a capital of £1,000,000 in 200,000 uharee. AN elderly woman, named Mary Anne Morden hC''' — Buierald-hill, poisoned heraelf on November 26* l.v i ? at Htrxshniue, in cuimeqiience uf auuie words which iim«-u? i lhlilllK herself and her hmtiand. l oaeU b'»ttll I Mb. RlOHAKD Holland, breeder of racehorse* and n ? ooloi.iet, «MeU at Gtwler, South Australia, im/n'1 i'°'Mt Belore death he requested that his .body might |Je '- in three coffins, and buried under the staira of hia own luT'01'''^ Thb native Himki, who waa recently captured at Purih i New Zealand, him been 'cum untied tor trial on a charge I i . '? inurder-tl John M'LeHfi, the cook to a surveyor'^ en? ? L ''V|I1K near Waverley, in thti Wuitotara district, on September I? Afbakpully painful accident happened in' Septemhor lust a -«.-uii« iutin named J.nnea Hooker, who was einnlo\ l bark-mill at Preston. Ula hand was entungled in the inafhi '' '* ami before this could be stopped the liaim and arm were lerriM ' lacerated. . He wank,' and died from the ttlect of the injuries Mr. J. F. Buokland, the treasurer of the reimhuraeniftir r. . haa handed Mr. 6. \y. Griffith, J.he leader of the UppoHitj,, ' Qiieeushirid, a h«g containing 600 sovereigiitj on iiccmnt nf't)'' bums collected to delray the expenses he incurred by his r ? t visit to England in connexion with the steel aila inquiry. This creditors of Mr. T. Macdonald Paterson, the senior mem ber for Kockhampton, Queensland, have presented him with li testimonial in recognition of his honourable conduct in nuvi, , the debts he owed prior to an aaaignment of hia eatute 10 yeu'ra A DhSTKUCTIVK fire hroke out in the town of Colmr, New South Wales, mi November 28, by which the Metropolitan Hotel tlie Htahles »nd outhoD.xeM ot Measrs Machatne and Co , Cniib' Ull(j Oo.'s office*, the temporary public school, and the Wealeyan church were entirely consumed. . AT i he meetii'g «»f the St. Ktlda Borough Council on Decembers Mr. J. N. Brown waa appointed town clerk in the rontn of the Inte Mr. Spring. Mr. Brown has been acting aa town clerk since Mr. Spring's death. He also lullilleil the duty of rate collector which otlice liua now been conferred on Mr. Charlea Gordon. ' Wateu haa been struck at Temora at a depth of 400ft. The site of the borings ia a rocky hill side afc least 100ft. above the alluvial Hats, and should the water prove, as it ia confidently hoped, good for domestic purposes, it will by the force of gravity command the township below. The bandsman Yatea, a deserter from H.M.S. Bacchante about whom some litigation lately took place, has been tried by court martini on board 11. M S Wolverene at Sydney on the charge of deneriion and al«o of perjury, and, being convicted, w»a aentenced to two jeara' imprisonment. Sill Archibald Michib, who was appointed chairman of the K'luouion Commission, h.iH resigned I hat portion, and hIho his i-eat ms a member. He htta iminiaied to the Government time private hii-iii.-a* will not permit him to undertitke tlie duiicaof u comininnioner. Mr. J. Wnrringion K'-g --rpt, Q.C., has betju appointed chairman of the induration Comiiiisbiou. We have received a copy of Mr. M. L. Huic'ihiujou'h excellent and useful '* Illuitrated People's Alumnae, for 18S2,' wlncli contains nine l'irue engravings, household hint*, medical iimea, gardener's calendar, weather lables, und mu--h orner valuable information. We have alio the Tenth Annual lleport of tlie Society for the Protection of Animula. A gentleman, about nO j ears of age, named Mr. D. M.Rose, who is said to Vie a justice of the peace, on Di-ceiuber 1, in Clarence-street, behind the Sydney Town-hall, look a revolver from bia pocket, and, placing it close to his right temple, fired. Me telS ititttantuiieou*l) , and when picked up waa still alive, but he died 10 minutes after hia ad mit-sion to the iiitimmry. The cellars of tbn Victorian Cli:unp»tjne Company (Limited) were viaited by Sir George Si rahan, Governor of Tn-nmiM.i. lie wituea*ed the process of making champagne, and expressed himself very much interested. The bottling, corking, and slacking ot the chainp'.igne, for next season wan shown to bint, t&iiu; iic tnatcu tiiu wiiic in lib vanuua iLugeu ui munuiauiure. Ak unpleasant incident occurred at the Melbourne University the other d.iy atter a meetinu of the professorial lumrd. A dispute ar«)HO about some voting, in the course of which Proie-B-u ? N'liiHon t:iive Profenaor E-kuiuiou the lie. The latter promptly retaliated by knocking Mr. Nanstm do *n. Tne mutter waa officially reported to the chancellor and the council. Mil. KlIikuy, Government astronomer, iihs been requested by ?the Mintbier of Education to prepare mi elementarj lex'- !)--ok on iiMtroiiomy for ur-e in ihn stare scIiooIh with the pla'd-pliere recent.lj puidiMhed Such a work will introduce a very desirable study into ibe acliool curriculum, and Mr. Ellerj hub promised to iiirninh it with as lii.tle delay aa poa^ible. ' Sknuikg uold to California,' remarks the S/jtfn*?/ Mnm-ng ffrniltt, appears hj noiiyinou-i to sending coals to Newcastle, yet recenil- one of the Calitorinaii nmil Mie.tiners took hence a Luge shipment of sovereigns to San Krancinco, where they arrived, and were available tor purchasing grain Oil Ei-gliah account, ou i he 27th day ufter leaving this ciij.' DitTtciiViJ DujiOan, under iiMtruuiinnH tmin the acting chief comuilrtalouer of police, baa been at llenlesville for Ihepurpnae of inaklng an exlmu-tive in vestiuation into the ciri:uiiiKt-inCeS surrouiiiJing the recent noinoniiig car«e there. It is probable -that prorteCutioiiM will be lostilU'ed Kg-iinst some of the perniins who tigureii in the recent trial, but not directly concerning the dentil ut xounn Kenny. A misekaeIiIS death happened to an unfortunate old man named PetmcK, near Duimlly, a fortnight, ago. While ut work in a paddock he wua aeizrd with paralysis, und fell down on a nest of bulldog ants — eavauely stinging mittt nearly an .inch long — and waa bj them wiling all over the body, and head, und even iiir-ide the mouth. Mm wan npeechleoa and insensible when tukeu up. and died auou afterwards. An inquest waa held at Sydney on Decemher 1 respecting the death ot u married woman named M'Uregor, who expired auddenly twi- da.\s before. The evidence showed that tno deceased piisttiined a fn«ht from a iinin ruabinu past her one night. Shu thought she hud encountered the man whose ansiiults upiiii women created so much neiisuMoii recently. The jnr- oou uiilered that thin shock mu- have uctelerated her end, but founu that the immediate cmiac --t deatti wua cyncope. Thb annual wa- zegoo»e of the ew/'lo.o&i; of the Sy'lueM Af owing Hntild was held ut Ulontarf on Saturday, L)ecemoer3 Between 5U0 Mini GOO were present. The rtuy was beautifully tine, auu everything pua-ed oil very pleiistntly. During the speeches ni'tle on the occasion, aiu'istica were adduced showing tlmt Mie ^ydinj/ i\lo$:,i--u HtraU i« the lar^eat. paper published in Her tVlMJestj's ilominioiis, besides containing the lurgent number ui udvertiaements. Sir Aichibald Miobie, who was present oy invitation, responded to the toust of 'Our Guests.' TilE steamahip owners of the port of Melbourne are showing ft good deal of enterpriae in uddi'ig to their ilrets. Cnpt«ij- t)t'1*'^ baa just returned trom Knglaml atter superintending ihe uuil''i''b of a steamer for passenger and excursion traQio in the ''O- Messrs. W. Howard Smith and Sons are having two steel steum ships, of about 3,0 )0 tons euts'i, built for the intercolonnil f«»'Oj Mesrrs. Hu.ld.irr. P,.rker, and Co. are ulso adding tsvo «i«'f «' « \ Hteaitichips of 2,'100 tons to their (leut, ami purpose establism 'V, a weekly service between Melbourne, Sydney, and Newcust - nud uliiuiitiuly.it i* said, the north of Queensland -H to embraced in the service. i M. BuvuLOT ban jiiMt completed another landscape in oils ^°'j that f.tvouritu sketching ground of hi-, the neighbnurho'iu Bacchus Murah. Th« tima is un afternoon in early ninim ? while the herbage is still Iresh mid green. A permanent oweM aeea winding through a pasture dotted with gum trees, — r.We(j with grazing cattle. In the middle distance the eye r« uoon a homestead environed with foliage, and beyond lies a ire of lightly-timbered hills, with the bright sunshine brir.g *a «Tiiiie ot them into prominence, while others, l.vinn in purple 'f?' Beam to recede somewhat from the view. In form, olonr, and atmospheric transparency and brilliancy, the picture ''weT'^ ' rominrf***! of the near approach of Christmas by the hliuation of -Punch'* Alm/imick. Aa usual our comic friend P h ureparcd a good nixpeniij worth for the aniiiftenient of hi.-t iit-ra The double- pane centre plate, printed in colours. Present* the/career of ' I'he wealthy colonist in Enubind.' W« have heeWaccuatomed to heara good deal about the doings of 7ff chums iiVthis part of the worli, bo it in as well to Hee the rflverne of the picture. In one pime block the peculiar! iea of f male medical practice are pourtniyed, and in another the niiread of jBii.'heiiciaiTi in Australia is represented. There are the usual nil' th her --f half-page block*, column block*, small niutureei and illustrated stories, ami c-rnunly am purchaser who averts t'hat he has not good value for his money must be some what unreasonable. A DIIEADEUL accident occurred recently five miles below Thackaringa^ on the boundary between Sonth Australia and New South AYalea. Mra. Campbell tmd five children lived in a teut about half a mile from the Government darn, on the New South Wales- bide of the boundary. Accompanied by her three eldest children, Mrs. Campbell went to the dam for water, leaving a little girl of five years of age and a baby at the tent. It is supposed that the high wind blew some ashes from the fire to the tent iti'j;'which the two children were, and set fire to it. Although the .mother saw the fire from the dam, whe could not reach the tent in time, and her two children were burned to ashes. The! father wa* away shearing. A ; c'hUKL practical joke is reported to have been played upon a youth who recently visited some country relations in the Wngga Wugg* district. He was taken out opossum-shooting by some «.f his young friends, who had previously arranged that, one of their number should climb a tree and personate a ghost by covering himself with a sheet. Suddenly the alarm was given, and the conspirators; decamped in feigned alarm, but soon recovering their courage,, they persuaded their young guest to fire at the chost, having previously taken the precaution to see that his gun was only loaded with powder. The ghost descending from the tree, approached the party, and so terrified the lad that be became insensible, and was fully six weeks before he regained hi* ru-t..mary health. Thb S'vMAusti ctUan tret/i-ter has been shown a letter received by a gentleman in Adelaide from a correspondent in Sydney, who gives some interesting details of the resultx nf a practical attempt; at breeding ««' riches for profit. The writer nayn :— ' I have for the last two j«-ara been engaged in this new industry in New South Wale's with most excellent rewultB, having now on my farm 13 birds, including two pairs of threeanri- half-years-old breeding nuas. jjiisi ymr i goi iu cmuus our, or iz eggs nutcneu naturally, as I am not an advocate of incubating birds for breeding purposes.' The writer is of opinion thar, after once Becnrieg a flof-k of birds the work of ostrich. fnrVirtng will jield exceedingly lucrative returns in even AiiHtrulix, he finding a rendy marker, for all the feathers he can raise, the price varying from G2 to £33 per pound weight of feather?. A woman,: ..described, aa a respectable-looking and decently attired young woman, named Mary M 'Caflii1, . alia* Maggie Stewart, who ia said to have been brought out; from Scotland Borne three or four years ago as an immigrant hy the South Australian Government, haa been sentenced by th* Melbourne Bench to 12 months' imprisonment for obtaining money on false pretetice8. Under the clonk of religion and assumed religious associations, the prisoner had for some time past imposed upon simple-minded people in almost all the suburbs and at various country towns. Her victims were invariably Scotch people, »r she made it a practice to assume a Glangow accent, and talk grandiloquently of her acquaintance with persona high in the Presbyterian Church. She had previously served a term of imprisonment for u, similar offence. A SAi» fatality occurred on the evening of November 28 in the Ciimpanpe Itiver, near Kchtica, by which two young girls were drowned. The girls were both aged about 14 years, one being named Elizabeth M 'Arthur and the second Ada Lxnuhlin. They were swimming in the river about 7 o'clock, when Miss M 'Arthur noticed that, her companion was d if-tresMf»d,' She immediately went to her assistance, and the other girl clasping her round the neck, they both Bank in a death embrace. The accident was witnessed hy the grandmother of one of the children, who gave the -d-irm. Mr 0. Tattaii was speedily on the spot, and jumped in, but failed to find the girls, who had mink. The river banks were boom afterwards crowded with people, and many others '? were in swimming und diving, but. the bodi«*8 were not recovered until after 11 p m., when they were found clasped in each other's arms in about lift, of water. More claims for compensation owing to the outrages of the Kelly gang have been sent into the Governmnrit, and referred to a board. Amongst those who peek compensation are Mr. C. H. Kuwlins, w.ho claims damages for depreciation of his property near Glenrowan, which he haa been obliged to abandon, in apprehension of the conseqnei ces of having assisted the police on the occasion of the attack on the Glenrowan Hotel; Anne Whelan, a near relative of the unfortunate man Cherry, who was Bhot during the affray, and died subsequently ; John L. Cook, who is Haiti to have had a box of valuables burned in the hotel at the time it was destroyed by the police; Juinea Reardon. who auks £500 for the shooting of his son, who has been incuim. itated, it i« t-aid, afw life, owing to the injuries which he sustained ; Jacob Wilson, xvho had a police spy quartered on him, and who .Whs subsequently compelled to leave his selection; and Mrs. lillen Barrv, who seeks some remuneration for the services rendered the Government by Aaron Sherritt. An extraordinary charge of forgery has been heard at Otaki, New Zraland. ItappearH that a Maori named K aim pa te Huke on the 9th November last made several attempts to get some, cheques written out at his dictation, atid found a man named Dnild, a well-known settler, to accommodate him. The native told Dodd that he had recently arrived from Wuikato, where he had Hold some land belonging to himself, and had received a cheque for £2,700, hut hud lout it between Manawatu River and Waiwi Stream. He asked Dodd to write him two cheques for £1,000 each, and one for £400, and a fourth for £100 Two of thetie cheques were signed Joseph Rhodes, and two Churlea Compton. The native told Dodd if he did this he would give him a cheque for £200, signed by himaelf, jib payment for bis trouble. The lutter consented, and wrote out the cheques, also receiving Ono signed for £200 The Maori tried to cash one of the cheques for a smaller amount, but was unsuccessful. The police meantime got wind of the transaction, and shortly after wards arrested Dodd.on a charge of forgery. The accused was committed for trial. 