NEXT to having bad aws is having good ones which are not enforced. Bnt when we have a bad law that is enforced by fits and starts we reach the worst stage - of any community. Our Sunday laws are in this condition. The statute books still -retain antiquated provisions bearing on Sabbath breaking which may at any time be revived, to the astonishment of the pnblic and the annoyance of private individuals. For instance, some years ago a barber in Ballarat was summoned for shaving people on Sunday mornings. An old statute of Charles the Second's time was fished up, and the Bench solemnly warned the barber that he was liable,-according to the British law, to a sentence of two hours in the stocks. It is doubtful if one in fifty modern readers'has ever seen that ancient implement of justicet and the younger generation who have not read of it in books, have to be tol» that a term in the "stocks" means a seat on the ground in Bome public place, with the feet " bailed-up " between two blocks of wood. Without referring to the Scriptural authority for setting aside fone day in a week s t e d S wherein no work should be done, we have only to remark that the' .extension of tins provision to " amusements " is of comparatively modern date; and what is known as the Continental system,—that of Betting apart a portion of the day to church ordinances, and the remainder to amusements, was invogae from the earliest times. At present there is .every appearance of the British, drifting back, to that «tyle, and no amount of preaching or antiquated law will avail when opposed to a general movement, of, public opinion. Where laws have lost all pnblic respect, they are either revoked, or what is-more fr^uent. they^are allovredto xenuun on $Jw ftatute book », a dead letter, only to be revived now and then to suit the purposes of some ingenious lawyer, or say some politician, who thinks he sees in it some chance of securing a few Totes by by posturing as its champion. We have only to note a few of the contradictions and absurdities which daily crop up, to show our position in refer" ence to this Bubject. We ofier no opinion as to Sunday observance; but we certainly cannot help calling attention to the demoralising effect on the people of retaining laws which nobody makes an effort of observing;, but which, nevertheless, are liable at any moment to be put into execution. Take business first. 2fo publican must sell drink on Sunday, except to bona fide travellers, or lodgers. _ And yet no man who chooses to drink on Sunday has any difficulty in getting supplied. In all the thousands of hotels in Victoria, there will probably not be found a dozen publicans who pay the slightest attention to the law, beyond preventing anything like unseemly noise in his house. And, while this is notorious, the publican never knows the day when Bome rigid Sabbatarian, or some skulking informer may call the attention of the police to what is certainly a breach of the law, with the result of a fine. The law is .so feebly administered through its having, in - the estimation of those chiefly concerned, no foundation in fair play. Again in amusements. A gentleman'*wht> strolls out into his garden of a Sunday morning, pulls up a weed or two, or does a little trimming, goes nnnoticed; but we doubt if be would escape prosecution, if he pulled off his coat and was found vigorously planting potatoes. Two professional pedestrians might walk at top speed alongside one another up and down Mollison street on Sunday mornings, and go unmolested. But if it leaked out that this Sunday morning's work was with a view to " training," some . pretext. would soon be found to stop their walks. It appears, to us, from a consideration of the absurdly mixed condition of our Sunday laws, that the interests of morality require eome sueh steps as follows : (1) The repeal of all laws drawn up in an age utterly different in social condition from our own. - (2.) The enforcement, as far as possible, of all provisions now in force which are intended for the conservation of Sunday as a day of rest from labor. (3). The complete freedom from interference by the law in all matters of amusement, where such amusements are not obnoxious to the bulk of the community. For example, there may not be anything peculiarly scandalous a few youths who are possibly shut up all the week in shops or mines, going out of a Sunday to some quiet spot and amusing themselves. But nobody would bear with them if they select, as they often do, a spotin front of a church at service time, and there shout and jump, and race about to the annoyance of all sober-minded persons. "The only limit to personal freedom" says the great historian Buckle,"should be the certainty that one's actions are neither injurious to one's self, nor offensive to others." From pressure on our space, we are .—r-ll„j k. kuid over correspondence, reports, and interesting items of local news. The name of Mr Hartigan wss mentioned in error in our Saturday's report of the Agricultural Society's meeting as offering the UBB of a paddock for the ploughing match and asking £5 for its use. Mr Hartigan named no Bom. W6 regret to have to record the sadden death of Mr Dutton of High street. The deceased gentleman was formerly employed under the Bail way Department but has been recently living on his means. On Sunday afternoon he retired to his room after a severe fit of retching and after a short time on his daughter entering the room he was foand'lying in the - fireplace insensible and his clothes burning. Sis daughter gave the alarm and the unfortunate man was placed in his bed. He soon after showed signs of returning consciousness, but conld give no explanation of how he got into the fire, and shortly after expired. The burns do not appear to have been sufficiently severe to cause death and it is supposed he must have fallen down in a fit. He liveB a widow and seven young children behind him, the widow unfortunately being at present unfit to take charge of anch a heavy responsibility. The deceased was one of those whose services were dispensed with in the dismissals made by Mr Berry, but on account of his local knowledge his services were retained in Eyneton for some time after the dismissals of 1876. Latterly he has not been in good health, and. has not iBhown that care for his physical-condition which he might have done, Dr Langford has attended him lately, bnt deceased's condition up to within a short time of hs ueath was not such as to causa J any expectation of so sudden a collapse. Deceased was 48 years of age, and is said to be well conneoted in England. We have further complaints of the doings of a small band of larrikins who are continually making themselves source of annoyance to the district. On Saturday night a number of them entered the garden of Mr Bogers, J.P., and destroyed several valuable trees. On Sunday night another group played leapfrog and howled ontside the churches, and last night a stoner wat sent^Ehrongh the window of Mr Walsh's store, Piper-street, smashing several valuable things beyond. All respectable young fellows should keep out of the company of these soainpg, or they will find themselves lodged in the lock-up with the ring-leaders. Vigorous teps are about to be taken by the police o weed out the few who are gradually bringing our young men into disrepute. Mr Armstrong, J .P., held a magisterial nquiry into the cause of the sudden eath of Mrs Elizabeth Gibson, last aturday morning." From the evidence of Dr Pestell and Mr Gibson, it appeared that the unfortunate woman died in bed. She was dead before Dr Pestell arrived, between 8 and 9 : o'clpck. The doctor has reported the cause of death to "be fatty degeneracy of the heart, and old age. Deceased had every appearance of having died peacefully whilst asleep, Deceased was 70 years of age ; she slept in a separate room from her husband. He heard her snoring at 5 a.m., but when fae went into her room at seven she was dead. The jury returned a verdict of death from natural causes, in accordance with the doctor's certificate. "Aghost has been seen in Scarsdale" says the Star. We hope, when Scarsdale has done with him they will pass him on to Kyneton. In paragraphs tilings here are frightfully doll. In fact we hav'nt A ghost of a show, i 