YODNG IRELAND: A FRA.GMENT OF IRISH HISTORY. BY BIB CHARLES GAVAN DUFFY, K.O.M.G. Chapteb 5. — Teaching of thk -A. 'Nation' — (continued J. While these dangerous novelties excited tbe alann of the Irish Government and the wrath of the Tory press, there was another potentate before whom their recep tion yras doubtful. O'Connell had imposed on his party a discipline which rivalled military or ecclesiastical rule in its strict ness. He had jealously reserved to himself the initiative in opinion and action, and maintained it bv a constant censorshiD of the press. The young men knew this well, and cheerfully accepted him as the leader from whom the word oE command and the plan of the campaign would emanate. But they too were giving their lives to the national cause, and must preserve their individual freedom and self-respect or the liberty they hoped to win would be only a name. Davis had a profound admiration for O'jConnell'B ability, and a courteous and ?watchful consideration for his eimplest wishes, far. more scrupulous than that of the young men who were Catholics. He vrould have allowed no personal object to draw inm into a controversy with the national leader ; hut he knew that it was in vain to hope for the help of the Protestant middle classes if nationalists were required to accent and echo all the individual opinions of O'Connell, some of which ?were mere personal animosities inherited from the feuds of the Catholic straggle. It was agreed among us that the object for which the Nation was established would be unattainable if we did not insist on the right to advocate our individual opinions in our own journal upon all v questions not fundamental to the existence -*\ of a Repeal party. It was not certain, and seemed scarcely probable at that time, that the Nation could exist on these terms; no journal had hitherto maintained itself in the confidence of the people without the support of O'Connell ; but it was obvious that for the ends in view it was not worth while maintaining it in existence on other terms. The contest on this point was not long deferred. The new school of historical literature in France, and the daring politics of the opposition under Louis Philippe, were made texts for lessons of hope and self reliance, renewed from time to time. In the era of Hoche and young General Bonaparte, France had been the asylum of banished Irish insurgents ; and the reproach of belonging to a French party in Ireland meant to imply a party conspiring for a foreign invasion ; and though in truth the hope of French assistance had for nearly a generation died out of practical politics or dwindled into a vague tradition ' Boney' vras still a pleasant and familiar sound to the ears of an Irish peasant. The Tory press immediately raised a clamor that here again was manifestly a 'French party.' — a French party associated with all the mysterious horrors which that phrase suggested to loyal and timid persons. The Nation replied that it was as dis graceful to Irishmen to belong to a British party as to a French party; that for their part, the writers of that journal repudiated both factions. But if the charge meant t^ that they desired to make Irishmen familiar T with the historical literature of France, which had recently produced Thierry's admirable book upon England and De Beau mont's matchless book . upon Ireland ; to make Ireland proud of her friendship, intimate with her condition, her history and her heart, their crime was still greater, for they desired1, open ports for knowledge) and charity between Ireland and all the vforld outward and inward, prohibiting only what was immoral or slavish. France had opened her schools and her camps to Irishmen, sent them military aid in their contests for liberty, vindicated Ireland through her great historians and orators, and on the other hand half a million of Irish soldiers had died in her service ; why should Ireland not have friendship with France?* The traditions of the O'Connell agita tions, however, were hostile to such sym pathy; andMr. John O'Connell took occi sion, from the potential tribune of the Corn Exchange, which he occupied in his father's temporary absence, to raise a note of alarm. When the journal was only two months in existence he complained that the Nation proposed. to increase, our intimacy with a country whose first revslution won by blood and crime had done more damage, to the cause of liberty than any despot. It was a significant symptom of the progress of the new ideas that, instead of silent acquiescence, which used' to. he the habit, : . this objection . -was immediately confronted. . A young' barristerf, who had hitherto been asilent member,- replied that these were not the opinions of the Irish people; they, had memorable obliga tions to France which they would not repudiate ; and they eagerly desired tha . aid of her universal language in rrmiring jt their chums familiar, to tJ£ucope. ?. T-f Mr. JohnO'Connell'8 horror of revolutions won by the sword induced him to reject this aid, ought he hot, the orator demanded, on tha like ground reject the dollars of Americans who had won their liberty with the same objectionable instrument ? A. moie formidable censor soon appeared howiverv Before the journal had reached its twentieth number O'Gonnell complained from the same tribune that the Nation was praising writers not entitled to be praised, men like Dr. Maginn/ 'Father Prout,' and Maiwell, who were Tories, while it ab stained from the praise of writers like Sam tbver, 'worthy of applause. -O'Connell's beau ideal of a, literary man was. such a one as Lover, who 'wrote charming songs in hisown name, and successful party squibs under the rose. But . the author -of 'HanSy Aiidy ' and the ' Essay on Irish. Ballads,' who. pandered '- to English pre iudiceby taking the stage Irishman as his h »o, and treating : street and stage songs ? * During the time of. this French scare Davis wrote lo Madden— -r The paper is selling finely. The authorships this 'week . run thus—* War withBverjTsoay,' by'J. F. Murray; 'Reduction of Bents,' and the * Hough a BaUagh] by Duffy ; '.Time no .Title,' f The .Sketch of Moore,' and '.The Grave,' -by myself. . . ?-. The MaS, save we are at work to establish a. French party ! / They'll say by-and-by we Tiave Uoohe's ghost ~T or the NaHoaalGuard in the back office; bat devB may care — ? : - - ' ? - - : \- ? ? « « Foes bf^Freedom, Faugh a Ballagk! ' ? t -£hdiew Russell Stritch ; at the time sa occadbnal.corrrespbrjdept of tbe Nation, but never one of-ite regular contributors. '. «s the authentic ballads of the country, was odious to the young men ; and as Tespepts the others they had taught the doctrine that we were bound to recognise the genius of Irishmen irrespective of their politics. The Editor in the next number defended himself on the express ground that as he i_ Bad taken eome part in the proceedings of the ^Association at an earlier hour on the same day, it might other wise seem that he was present and did not maintain his opinion then and there as he ?would have been bound to do. He denied that Irish writers were to be refused due applause because they were Tories or because they had' assailed O'Con nell. '. We (he said) who want to make Ireland a nation) ought to be eager to trumpet the fame of all men of genius who dare our blood; every one of them affords a* new argument why our country should not continue a province.' O'Connell re newed the controversy with some asperity ; but the Nation respectfully but equivocally declined to accept his judgment as decisive upon literary questions, or io narrow Instead of widening the basis of the national party. This was but a straw on the wind, but at that time the con troversy was watched with lively interest. It was a more perilous experiment when the journalists became critics in their turn. O'Connell, who in Parliament was accus tomed to treat his opponents in debate with the deference and courtesy which render criticism- effective, sometimes fell foul of ihem in the Corn Exchange in language of insufferable coarseness. ' He had adopted this aratem in the Catholic agitation to en ?courage a people long enslaved, by abating ihe inordinate awe which they entertained lor official authority. But this policy was angularly unsuitable to a national move ment which took conciliation for its motto, and aimed to win the support of all sec tions of the people. The Nation separated r- itself from this practice almost from the outBtair. ' We dislike (Davis wrote)* the whole system of false disparagemenr. The Irish people will never be led to act the Manly part which liberty requires of them fcy being told that 'the Duke,' that gallant soldier and most able general, is a scream ing coward and doting corporal.' The English Chartists at this time were in general Bepealers, but Repealers who dis liked O'Connell. They had accepted as leader Mr. Feargus O'Connor, a boisterous Irish barrister connected by birth with one of the leading men of '98, and who was sreud of his hereditary principles. He Bad been a Repeal member in 1832, and had quarrelled with O'Connell _ on the method of conducting the agitation, lost Sis seat in consequence, and finding Mmself shut out from an Irish career sought an English one. The Chartists embraced his prejudices against O'Connell, and O'Connell returned their aversion and abuse with interest. Not from dislike to their principles, for he had been associated with Joseph Hume in framing the profession of opinions known as the Charter from whinh they derived their name, but from dislike to their leader. Davis, who recognised in the English democracy a gro w ing power with no interest hostile to ours, and which might become our ally, recom mended the Repealers to come to a good understanding with them ; t making no more account of O'Connell's personal quarrel, ?where a national object was in view, than he would have made in such a case of any personal feeling or interest of his own.f. In another direction a more protracted controversy sprung up. O'Connell waa passionately opposed to the lJoor .Law system, and desired to see it abolished. It was undoubtedly open to serious objections; iut it appeared to us that though the exist ing law was not wisely planned or gene rously administered it was better than .the absence ot all relief in a country suffering from chronic famine, and where the largest proprietors were absentees. It was more over the «ole legislative recognition of the duties atd liabilities of property. Dillon accordingly debated and combated O'Can nell's opinions from time to time, and in sisted that the law ought not to be abo lished but amended. . All these controversies and remonstrances were conducted with the most watchful Courtesy and forbearance ; and the points of difference were insignificant compared to the points of agreement; but O'ConneU was little accustomed to criticism within his own party. He had been often shame fully assailed, and often shamefully de fended, but a just discriminating judgment on bis policy was so Tare as to perplex fain. He instructed Mr. CTNeil Daunt to inform me thatlie had been privately warned that the . 'writers of the Nation were con spiring against Mm. He disbelieved the story, he said, but the suspicion would spread, if we were not more cautious. In truth the writers of the ifation were so more conspiring against him than the leaders of a Parliamentary Opposition are conspiring to change the dynasty. They had plans of reform and modifications of policy in view which they expected to be adopted under the legitimate pressure of opinion, but adopted with the assent of * CrConnell. None knew- better than they did that it was only on such conditions in the last resort that they could be adopted. They loyally accepted his leadership an i constantly taught and practised the dut .- of discipline, and that in all essentials th leader must lead. But they desired a con stitutional not a despotic method o; government. In the General Committee, where im-' portant business was considered before it was submitted to the Association, the sami class of differences arose. The working committee consisted of about twenty mern * Nation, No. 34. t Nation, Ho. S and No. 32. % English -Chartism at that time numbered in its ranks Beveral men who have since won a respectable position in art; rliterature or the practical business of life. It failed not because its urns were wholly wr ing ; most of them Save been since accomplished ; bat because it fell tinder tiae control of a man so- iucompeteat foe the office of leader as Mr. Feargus O'Connor. Mr.O'Oonnor is the hero of a etory which de serve* to outlive his .political achievements. Hi« father, Boger O'Connor, was tried for rob biDg'.a mail coach with the assistance of his eons. The object of thii adventure was pro bably to £et possession of political documents, bat the Government thought proper to treat the adventure as an ordinary.highway robbery, and so.it came to be considered. More than thirty, yean afterwards Feargus, travelling on a stage ? _ coachin ajlistriot where he believed himself nnknown;-amused the passengers by bantering the guard on his age and infirmities. 'You are.- too hard- on me, Mr. Feargus,' said tbe guard. '/.Why, my good fellow, you seem to know me.' ' Of course I do, jour honor — why shonldnofcl? 'It was I i&at; tad charge of the tna&tlutf; night.' _ ? - . bers, augmented by the occasional attend ance of men of note -from ihe provinces. O'Connell's immediate lieutenants were his Bon John, O'Neil Daunt, andat rare inter vals his eldest son Maurice. Maurice O'Connell in his youth possessed many of (- the most engaging qualities -of -a - Munster gentleman. He was gay, frank, courageous, fond of enjoyment, with agreeable talents for society, and talents for literature and politics sufficient to be notable. To the first Repeal agitation he had brought a genuine enthusiasm, and he was the dar ling of the young men of the national party in 1833. With such gifts and attainments he was well qualified to adorn the station to which his father's genius had raised him ; and men predicted a happy and successful career for the heir of Danyuane. But an ill-assorted marriage made a total wreck of his home and of his life, and he did not find in public labors the solace for private cares they sometimes afford. Mr. John O'Connell bore slight resemblance either to his father or his brother. When nature accumulates in a great man the force ordinarily distributed through several generations, she generally recoups herself by a scanty allowance to Ms immediate successors, and not one of O'Connell's distinguishing qualities was in herited by his favorite son. His figure was insignificant and his capacity mediocre. But he had steady industry, an easy and not unpleasing address, and a certain sub dued sense of humor which is not an uncommon attribute of feeble natures. Had his path lain among the by ways of life he might have been happv and perhaps useful. But a public caree~r by the side of his father led him into an error which often betrays ordinary persons who associate habitually with men of powerful will ; he believed that he could himself do what he saw daily done with such ease. He was seized with a desire to succeed his father as tribune of the people, without any one of the rare gifts which the great agitator possessed for the office. The ambition of strong and generous natures begets emulation ; the ambition of the weak is apt to degenerate into envy ; and in Mr. John O'Connell it was the root of many public disasters. Mr. Daunt was allied to O'Connell by sympathy, and followed him cheerfully 'but' not slavishly. He was a country gentleman of a moderate heredi tary estate and considerable literary cul ture. It was said of him by a sarcastic critic * that he ' built a big Gothic castle and wrote a small controversial novel;' but he replied good-humoredly that it was the novel that was capacious and the castle piminntive, and that he was the author only of the former production. He was a man of practical ability, exact method, and considerable information, and with these qualities, being honest and public spirited, he would have made an invaluable head of a public department. But in a country where an official career was reserved for Unionists he was thrown upon literature for the employment of his leisure, and for this pursuit his gifts were less suitable. Mr. Daunt was tall and good-looking, with the bearing of a courteous gentleman, but was too cold to be popular, and too much of a utilitarian to be acceptable to enthu siasts. John Grayf as the conductor of the sole daily paper in the national interest (for the Morning Register merged in the Freeman's Journal about this time) held a position of influence and authority, and his lively in tellect and great activity impelled him to take a constant part in the business of the committee. His ancestors were Orange men, transplanted from Ulster to Con caught in the interest of Protestant ascen dancy, but he had been ,& fellow-student with Ddvis and Dillon in the University, and with Mr. Torrens McCullagh, who became his brother-in-law, and probably more than either of the others, influsnced his opinions in the direction they finally took. All these men except O'Connell were in the flush of manhood, but he had beside him also one of his old adherents and comrades of an earlier generation, Tom Steele. When the Catholics were struggling for Emancipation a young Protestant of Cromwellian descent, whose enthusiasm for liberty had lead him to volunteer among the Spanish revolutionists under Mina, joined the Catholic Association and became a steadfast personal adherent of O'Connell. Wherever there was a local despot to be faced, or a popular tumult to be quelled, there he insisted was his post. The manner in which he had thrown himself into these services was impressive and dashing, and if it was also a little exaggerated and fantastic, popular audiences do not dislike melo drama. But time had dealt rudely with the aged agitator ; he was now sorely dila pidated in mind and body, -and peculiarities which were pleasant fopperies in a young man had become painful. He wore a faded undress uniform which had once been blue, but had ceased to be of any appreciable color, and spoke a language which could only be matched7 in the romances of knight- errantry. O'Connell had named him in sport his ' Head Pacificator,' and to per form what he supposed to be the functions of this imaginary office was the business of his life. There was a story founded on his idea of pacification which' amused Dublin dinner tables in those days. After his quarrel with Mr. Purcell, O'Connell on some occasion expressed his intention of letting bygones be bygones if PurceU would only become a Kepealer. ' Liberator,' ex claimed Steele, ' you may forgive him if you think fit, but I solemnly warn you that, as ' Head Pacificator,' I can never for give him !' Such was Tom Steele in 1842, and it requited a lively sense of his former services to listen to him with patience in a council vhere the fortunes of a country were at stake, haranguing in language fit for the mouth of Garagantua.f Another personal adherent of O'Connell was a younger and more serviceable man. Thomas Matthew. Ray, the Secretary of the Association, possessed remarkable powers of organising and superintending work and practical ability generally. O'Connell discovered him in the Trades * Maddyn's ' Ireland and its Balers.' t In later times Sir John Gtay^and member of Parliament for the city of Kilkenny. J A single specimen sf his style will probably content the reader, file Steele rose and ex claimed, ' In the face of earth and heaven, an'l in the presenoe of my august friend O'OonaelU the moral Regenerator, who has oonfided to me the sanctified- duties of. his Head Pacificator, I enter and record my most solemn protestagsinst the doctrine just promulgated by the American gentleman who hasnow addressed us. . . Let us . always act on the gorgeous principle of p'ConncU.' Bepeal Asiooiation, June 9, 1813 Political Union, marked his capacity, and transferred Jiim to a place where there was more opportunity for its exercise. 'He. seldom spoke in the Association or its com mittees, but he possessed a talent rarer in Ireland than the gift of speech— he might ie counted upon for seeing done efficiently. and silently whatever was ordered. The leastreputable of O'Connell'e personal staff, and the one whose connection was perhaps most damaging to him, was Richard Barrett, editor of the Pilot. Mr. Barrett was brother of Stanard Barrett,, who at the. beginning of the century 'had attained some reputation as author of a political satire ' All the Talents '.* and a burlesque novel, u The Heroine.' Richard, like hia brother, began life as a Tory journalist, and dis tinguished himself by virulence against the Catholics ; but in the end he took service tindertheCatholicAssociation. Itwasinthe Pilot the public letters of O'Connell first ap peared, the majority of them being addressed directly to 'My dear Barrett' and it was this preference which alone sustained the journal in a poor and precarious existence. Mr. Barrett had considerable ability and a store of inexact and undigested information. Ib private he was a genial companion and general ' good fellow,' but whatever con victions he had at any time held were long extinct, and his word carried no authority with friend or enemy. His newspaper some one said was like a torpid viper, whici only awoke to inflict a wound. When there was no enemy of O'Connell's to chastise it was edited in so random a manner that there have sometimes appeared two articles in a number taking contradictory views of the same question. To read the MS. or even the proofs of his contributors, was a task for which he had seldom industry; but if the cat-'o-nine-tails was in demand Richard was himself again.t * 'On all the Talents vent your venal spleen, .Want your defence, let misery be your screen.' ' Bnglish Bards and Sooteh Reviewers'' tDo yon remember. O'Oonnell telling us the incidents of his first relations with Barrett ? B. had written te him several times, proposing to become his adherent ; O'Oonnell for some time took no notice, but at length wrote to say that great statesmen conducted their negotia tions by protocols, bnt ae he wbb not a great statesman he preferred doing business face to face. Barrett then called upon him, and, added O'C, we soon arranged our affairs. Yon then said, 'And a precious bad bargain you got.' 'Saving your presence,' said Dan, 'devil a worse ; bnt he was of use at the time.' — Private Note, penesme. (To he continued.) 