On Dit. That tlio Cooma Land Agent does i nllnw a selector to tnkn up two por tions in nno day— in this way: oiu; iis oxecutor for mi c.«Utc in which lip has a direct intercut, and one for liinim-lf poMnnnlly. That Mr. Willinm Wallace t» dan goroiiHly ill. That* the Mayor ?ind a lot of troublo on Tuesday ni^lit koopiny tlio nldei-iiuin in proper oiilor. Thnt a «|ieciHl grant of £113 10s.' dd. has Iwen olitJiinor! liy OarcnBr Municipal Council from Govern inunt, nnd Oarconr iipcnt £4-0 ]0h. 2.1. in naluries nnd Korvicusdininc tho linlf yoar. That JnnicN Hi^:tin, insolvent, of Begn, intends to apply for ft certifi cate on tbe 8lh of November, Thai a (,'ah dcinotmU'ution ivai gotten up nt Sinrjlcton on Tuesday, but tho %m would burn at ono lintel only, though Dr. Whito, tho chief Hpnnkor, lot, off a littlo gns. That two frnsh cases of small-pox was disci)i't-rnd at Pyrmont on TueH Jay. That llio inarch of ono of tho Oamcroim lias turned out a tumble down up Kin?-ntreet. That the Hon. MiniHter for Public Instruction ought to know that in a certain Public School nomo of tho pupils got a half-holiday on TIiuih ilay last becnuKo they woro criclfotors. That thn trotting match from Hun van to Cootna on 'Thursday was won by Mr. A. J. Curtis'* mare, and she formerly bolongnd to Alderman ?'Shannon ; thn othura wnre nnwhero. Thnt tlio first thunderstorm of tlie RmiHon pnwed over Cooma on Thurs day aftomoon. Tlia1. Mr. Cfirtis's mare did tho trot of five miles last Thursday in 30 minutes. Tliat (.lie Oonma Odd Follows will : have the first ball in Cooma School of Artu Hall, That a mirvcyor brought a dead -lo-; last Thursday on a voyago of ' discovery. j That a publican and a Mtorekonpnr | intend starting a telephone at Ada- [ minaby. That a Cooma lawyer was vory successful at Adatniiiahy. Tliat a grassier near Boiaira is about to bp.como n local preacher. i uai, uioro was a mistake in not advertising tho Cooperative F'our Mill mating for Thursday last, nt noon, and numbero of country people typro disappointed. That tho next Mill Company meeting has been fixod for Thursday, 13th instant. That tbe Bourko Police Magis trate got tinkcttled at his wedding. T'lnt Jim occai'mnnlly receive* a present of a decoasod sheep from old ' Blossom,' and Sunday dinners are roally charming. _ That ' tuning fork' and tho ncottv divine havo no love lost ; wo will back the 'forjc? to hold his trims longest, and still' iho world revolves. Thar the Sunday congregation in tho little moss grown church grow smaller, and the music resembles a dead march. That the coming contratremps will not affect their engagement. That Julius Ctnsar should feel honored, and his ghost might be found in a post office ; it occasionally rumbles over to tho new unpaid. That Jack should also be made a now J.P., as he has soraethine more than a house — namely, a castle. That Scotty i* going to apply for admission to the Bench, and has bought a Plunkett. That Creeping Joteph, ns soon as ho can Seymour, is giing to build a nunnery. That Henry excels in courtesy, and can afford to forgive beardless boys just launched nn the ?world. A mectintr has been called to wind up the N. S. W. Fish Co. No land was sold lait Wednesday at Cooma Crown Land Office. There wns some nice rain in Cooma on Tuesday night, and it was very cold next day. Mr. J. J. Howcll sold in Cooma Mr. T. Wilford's dwelling-house and lands (over 9| acres) near Christ church on Thursday for L300, Mr. Salliday being the purchaser. ' Queensland. — The revenue re turn* for the quarter were published last night. The revenue amount to £577.530 aerainst £484,223 for last year, increase £93,257. OiinMinv.— All of readers will be Borry to learn that Mis* Elizabeth Mcfjiiffieke, of KeJtoa PUia, died suddenly on : Thuisday last. Miss McGuffieke seemed to be in good health before she died. 