Tlie Soil and The Seed. IN what various forms the graoa of Qo4 , shines on tho pages of Scripture!. AV:: times the oyo oatcheB somo fresh image of this, and looks at it with adiiliratian. An instance of tbo way of grace will be found in A6taj chapter 10. . It ia the record of a piece of epiritdalhtU- : bandry. In the narrative which it gives itoj - we have the soil that js about to be tjultivatea \ * then the aowcl*, and the seed; and the lord Of. the harvest presiding of or the tfhole wctlfc r from first to last. •. i y, Cornelius and his household are the soil,' now? < nnder the husbandry of God. Peter is: the. sower; and the words whioh he spoke in the houseof Cornelius are the seed. This is all plain and simple. But the chief thing to be notioed, wo may say, is the hand, the divine hand, that presides over and orders all this interesting action. And in this action we get witnesses of grace ? in its tenderness, in its strength, and in its. - glory. : j : We have two visions, one to Cornelias and: one to Peter. . * - i. Cornelius,- at the timo when this edeno openij 1 was a piece of fallow ground whidh had been* . nnder the aotion of the plongh. - He was pffl- • pared for the sower by the hand of God, as all-. • ' good groiind1 is. He was not at oase* Ho had been under certain eXefoiSBs of conscienco. The Father, I may say, hwl • been drawing him. Ho did many things •. religiously, and did them with a -heart that • would fain, bow to God and Boek Him. God had found him, but he had not fonnd God. Bat here, graoo shines in its tenderness—for snob a , condition of soul as this is of price in his sight; so that a special message is now sent from heaven to guide it into the way of; peace. The -. * angel tells Cornelius that he had a memorial from God, and that he himself had been sent : expressly to pat him in the way of hearing . words of salvation. 7" Now this is fall of tender grace. The first' • fchrobbinga of an awakened soul are precious - with God—surely so. The parable of the prodigal son witnesses this. The love whioh the Lord folt for the rich young ruler in Mark 10 may also, I believe, witness this. Bo, His words on the publican in the temple in Lake - 18, and the answer he giveB the scribe in Mark, 12\. The first stirrings of a convicted eon* science in the Samaritan of John 4, and so to this day, all sueh motions in all heatts are : known to lxim and by him. And sweet and- - rich is that graoe which takes snch a form of . - oondesoending tenderness, and exeroises that - ' considerateness of love which listens to these > feeblest and earliest ories of infancy.: But as - it is His own visitation that has awakened tfhem, so docs He wait on them to bring them • to fruitfnlnees. . 1 • Peter, in this scene, was the Minister of ■ Christ. He was the sower, according to the - figure X have need. He was the servant of the: Lord Jesus in the gospel of God; but his heart neoded to he enlarged. It was not ef the same measure as the Master's ; the Lord, therefore, fans to send a message to him. A vision and a voice address him, while in a trance, to prepare him for a sowing time among the Gentiles. He was not up to this. He does not under* - stand it, and he resents it. He must be right of course, and his Master wrong. 'Not so, Lord,' ho says. His eye had never surveyed such distant fields as these, save with scorn, as no part of God's vineyard, or within tho range • of His biiBbaudry. But the Lord is peremptory, as of old he had been with Jonah, and lately with Ananins. PotermuBt go with the seod where God had already been with tho plough —yea, where He had boen, in counsel, ero the world began; for even then Ho had 1 chosen* the Gontiles. Thus, by the strong and the tonder hand of God, the ground and the sowor are found: togother. What forms of grace! Peter is made to visit this Gentile plough land, this dislunt field, already broken up, but not as yet sown. Grace, as we saw, in its tendornoss had valued tho throbbings of a'freshly awakened, uneasy consoionco ; and graoe, as wehavoseen, in its strength and decision, rebukes and over* rules the slow- hearted servant, who know not tbo richness and tho largeness of that truth which had been entrusted to bltn. Accordingly, theso two visions, tho ono to Cornclius and the other to Peter, have different seorots in them, each very blessed. On tho authority of tho one, we may tell ovnry conviutod, troubling soul, that its troublo is known and marked by. God; on the authority of tho other, we may tell every sowir of tho seed, that ho may go to the ends of tho earth with that whioh ho has, and bear tho tidings of full forgiveness and acceptance to every sinnor thut will by faith use Jeans and His salvation. \- Light and consolation are bore surely. These two visions turn to blosscd tostimony; and . as wo havo two visions in this ohaptor, so have we onosoal Tho seed of the sower is sanctioned in a glorious manner. Potor'H sermon, eo to oall it, is tho eood. Ho tells tho house of Cornelius, and nil gathered thon and thero (all were alike ^ welcome to lioar), that Jobub hod coins preaching peaoe, had been slain by uion, raised by God, and that His resurrection was sot in tho oyos of all men, both for judgment and salvation; for judgment on tho world ; for salvation, full remission/of sins, to all who would believe in Him* The Holy Ghost thon falls on all them that beard the word. Ha bad fallen on the dieoiplea aaaembled at Jerusalem at the appointed Jewish Penteoost, sealing the great fact of tho exalta tion and glory ot Jeans; now, He falls on a distant Gentile household, sealing the word of salvation as upon the ends of the earth. What glorious graoe was this,' I may say. If we saw the tenderness of grace in the vision ot miasion that visited Cornelius, and the Strength, or decision and largeness of grace in ; the voioe and tho vision that addressed them i selves'to Peter, here we see nothing less than ~ the glory of'grace: the Holy GhOBt, who had before sealed tho faot of the exaltation of Christ, now seals tho truth of the salvation of every poor sinner all the world over, who will believe in Him! Tory blessed, surely. The Spirit endued the disciples at Pentecost, giving them words of life for all the nations of the earth; tho Spirit now seals those words of life in this the first fruits of the nations. Hay I not, therefore, say that this chapter fives us the sight of a preoionB piece of: divine uabandry f We see the ground thatiwas to be. tilled, and then the sower, the seed, and the hand of the Lord of the harvest, presiding over all in the ways of tender, earnest, and glorious grace; and all thiB to bring sinners back and home to God. It was not to put the Gentile and the Jew together, Cornelius and Peter, but to put God and the sinner together, that all this august and interesting action takes place; and to put them together under such a ■sal, as no malice or force of earth or hell can ever.canoel. And there is no rest .for us till r thii is reached; for our relation to God is, in deed, the great circumstance. And on the authority of this chapter I may say, with what earnest personal zoal tho Lord is seen to apply Himself to the work of salvation; for this chapter illustrates that. Visions, oracles, missions of angels, the pre sence of the Holy GhoBt himself, hero tell us of His zeal. 'I will do it,'says Jehovah, by His prophet, speaking of the redemption of Israel in the last day. 'Assuredly with my whole heart and my whole sohll' What words! 'The . *seal of the Lord of Hosts shall perform this,' ftin tirnnhnfa wtiAn tirnnhflnins: says'another of tho prophets, when prophesying of the kingdom; and in the day of tho redemp tion of Israel out of Egypt, as wo road in Exodus 2 and 3, we hoar and see tho same, j' .the' Lord; so. earnestly listens to the cry of ' Israel's sorrow. "Their ory came up unto God by reason of their bondage, and God heard their groaning, and God remembered His covenant, and God looked upon the children of Israel, and God had respect unto them.' It ia all God, and God in deep personal affection. And then, the vision of the bnrning bush is .. the,same. It tells us that God was already in Egypt, in the midst of His people's sorrows there, ere He rose to send Hoses there. ,A11. Scripture abounds with the witness of ' , this intense personality, so to express it, with which the blessed God gives Himself to the work of salvation. The wholo of Luke xiv. again shows it to us. The personal toil of the shepherd, the personal diligence of the woman, the personal diligence of the Father, in .the three parables there, bospeak ; this.' So, aim, the whole of what is seen and heard ih Luke 1 and 2. All heaven is there . earnestly occupied with that great mystery, the birth of Jesus, or the inoarnation of the Son, which, as we know, was the preparing of the way for the salvation of God to enter this world of sin and death. Gabriel, chief among those who wait in God's presence, is sent on special messages. .Hosts of angels are there, ''and the glory fills the fields of Bethlehem. Old men and babes, matrons and maidens, youths and widows, Bhepherds and priests, all ■ are. summoned to take their places in the com mon joy. Barely we may let our hearts know that God is a chearful giver. He docs not scud. His blessings, he brings them rather: and brings them not merely with His hand, but with His heart. ,:. Surely, after meditating on this ohapter, we may say, with what tenderness and strength did God giant 'repentance unto life' to the Gentiles! With what a vigorous hand did He ' open the door of faith'to them! (dee "Acts xi., 18, xiv., 26.) Ho does these things, blessed bo His name, like Hiinsulf in ways that tell us it is Himself that is doing tbem. Such an entrance did He mako, in the day of this chapter, upon the nations of the earth, with the graoe of His gospel; so that we, sinners of the Gentiles, may sit in His presence, and no longer tike of tho crumbs undor the table, but take of the fall toast on the table—take of it as ours by title written and so led by His own -The Bible Herald. The Pall Mall Budget of February 18 says: —" Official despatches from General b'cobeleff from Aekabad announce that a proclamation having been issued, calling upon the Tekkes to return to their homes, they are gradually coming in from tbo sand deserts, and surrender ing their rifles. Up to the 12th instant 16,000 f&aiifca; had returned. The pacification of the oounity is said to be progreaing very s&tisfno; torily. An amoesty has been proclaimed to the population in the name of the Emperor. Pro visions are being distributed among the poorer classes of tho inhabitants from the largo supplies oapturod from the Tekkes. General fcJcobeleff adds that the chiefs havo declared to him that tho Tekkes have shown their ability to fight, and will prove to tbo White Czir by thoir fidelity henooforth that thoy cannot lie. A pro visional government with a national represon lion has beon established. Tho Turkoman families assembled in in Geok Tepo on tho cap .turenfthe fortreu are now being sent to their former homes. 6,400 bodies hare been buried | inUenxilTepe, nud about 8,000 pooplo perished during tho saiga. 2,000 were cut down by the Russian troops iu tbo pursuit from Geok 