Tales and Sketches. LOVE AND MARRIAGE. (BY Walter Mathison, in the Inde pendent.) I suppose it has happened to all who at- tentively considered human life to he sur- prised that the world lias got on as well as it has. I suppose, also, tliat the majority of those who have followed this considera tion up, whose curiosity lias been stimu lated by their surprise, have come to a deeper persuasion of the reality of the Divine providence. For tliat humanity has not only escaped shipwreck, but, not withstanding many vagaries and eccentri cities, has been holding in the main to a certain course, seems inexplicable except on the supposition that One of infinite pa- tience and wisdom lias all along had the tiller in His hand. I suppose, still fur- ther, that many who liave thus thought about human life have not only come to a deeper faith in God, who is " above all, and through all, and in us all," but also to a deeper faith in man, to a belief in his inextinguishable aspirations and ineradi cable disgust with the mire in which he has been, and is, undoubtedly wallowing. To the first article in the Church's creed, " I believe in God, the Father Almighty," there has surely to be added this—" I be lieve in Man, the Father's Child." Ay, my brothers, if we believe more firmly hi those two great articles of our faith, given to us by the Son of God and Son of Man, should we not work the harder and the more hopefully for our fellows ? would not; envy and liate and all uncliaritableness flee away from us like ghosts at the ap- proach of dawn ? would not earth be more sacred, and the world of men not a hopeless chaos of iniquity to be fled from, but a glorious sphere to work in and hope for ? Without, however, entering into these further considerations, we find it a won derful thing, considering what men and women are and liave been, that society has got on as well as it has. Our surprise is especially excited when we think of the relations between the sexes. For there Conventionalism has waged a perpetual war with Nature. The instinctive aft'ec- . tions of men and women have been sub- jected to such shameful usage—have been so throttled, so outraged by unholy pas- sion, so bound in chains by selfish inter est, so incarcerated in dark and mouldy dungeons of pride—tliat it is amazing how they liave managed to survive. Marriage is at the very basis of social life. A true marriage, a union, which earth conspires with heaven to ratify is of all relationships the most beautiful, the most blessed, the most productive of good to men. If, then, it be true " that the corruption of the best is the worst," and if it be true— and who can deny that it is ?—that mar riage has been corrupted, befouled with lust, made the means to paltry ends, the means to fortune, to honour (so called), to uniting of lands, or mere housekeeping, if marriage lias been thus corrupted— what a wonder tliat the fabric of social life, of which it is the corner stone, lias not collapsed ere now ! It is a curious and sad subject for con templation, the motives tliat are influen tial in promoting man}' marriages. Some times the man wants a housekeeper, and the woman wants a home. Sometimes the man wants a fortune, and the woman wants a name. Sometimes the man wants to settle down, and the woman wants an establishment of her own. Sometimes the case is infinitely worse, hut into' deeper depths we decline to go. Then I the sad fiction is pronounced, " No longer twain but one." In some instances, let us cheerfully believe, the fiction becomes a reality. In many others the festivities that accompany marriage pass into the dreariest and most soul- killing common place. Those who ought to be nearest to one another are farthest asunder. Every contact is the rude crash that causes re- pulsion. And the place that ought to be lioine to the offspring is robbed of its sweetness and its joy. The world lias not yet advanced so far out of barbarism that it has become a platitude to remark tliat the only true bond of marriage is affection. If a man marries a woman, or a woman a man, knowing that love is absent, that woman or that man is at once wicked, as having violated a great Divine law, and foolish, as baring crippled life most grievously. And if a man marries a woman without loving her supremely, or if a woman mar ries a man without loving him supremely, one party to the contract being deceived by a false profession of affection, that man or woman is guilty of an infamy for which no punishment could be too great, and the enormity of which language can not exaggerate. It is the cruellest wrong tliat one person can inflict upon another. " For, certainly, no beings ever yet lived the lives Nature intended them to live, nor liad fair play for heart and mind, who con trived by hook or by crook to marry the wrong person." And "the wrong per son" is the person who is not loved, or does not love, supremely. I have always admired a speech which Bulwer put into the mouth of one of his nobleBt charac ters—" I ask some one whom I can love ; love better than all the world—not the marriage de convenance, not the marriage de raison, but the marriage d'amour. All other marriages with vows so solemn, with intimacy of commune so close, all other marriage, in my eyes, is an acted false hood—a varnished sin." Assuredly, no man lias a right to ask a woman to be his wife unless he loves her with an undivided affection, unless she is a queen of women to him; and no woman has a right to con sent to be a man's wife unless he is a king of men in her regard. Now, what is love ? It grieves me sore to think that the great and grand old Saxon word is undergoing a process of de terioration in this day, Somehow we can not fill it out, so that it is getting sadly limp-looking—a suit that we are too pigmy in size properly to occupy. And alas ! a good deal of hysterical stuff, that is de grading the sacred name of religion, is constantly ''taking in vain" the holy! name of Love. Hence many honest men are growing ashamed to use a word that suffers such profanation. Let us, how ever, yielding no inch of ground to the twaddlemongers and sentimentalists, call all good men and true to the rescue of this—the standard of our chivalry—out of the hands of the inffdeL But what is love I I cannot tell. It cannot he de- lined. To define is to point out bounda- ries, and love is boundless. Until you can tell what spirit is, you cannot tell what tliat mysterious attraction of spirits is which we call lore. Some one, I think, has said that there is the same difference between love and any other feeling as there is between genius and cleverness. But though we cannot define love, we may point out how to distinguish it from any lower feeling. Love is always grounded on respect; its spinal column is rever ence. When a man loves a woman, he is usually oppressed by a sense of Iub un worthiness, or, at least, by the sacredness of that union which is love's consumma tion. The responsibility of taking her happiness into his keeping is one that makes him tremble. As he reflects that his afhanced is about to leave her home for him, he asks, " Who am I that I should be accounted worthy of this ho- nour ? What am I that I "should be able to compensate lier for tlie comparative loss of that society in which she has been so tenderly nurtured ? How can I de serve and justify her boundless confi- dence ?" She, likewise, on her part will humbly question her ability to be his in spiration. And to both of them the birth of love will be the birth of a higher and completer life. As for those who go to the altar with never 'a deeper thought about life, with never a loftier purpose, the heart's response to a grander ideal, and each, perhaps, thinking that the other is exceedingly fortunate in making such a match—tlie Lord have mercy on their niggard souls ! As the heavens are high above tlie earth, so high is love above any feeling they have yet experienced. For how can a man or woman be visited by a nobler passion without life being lifted up and glorified—the old darkness disappear ing before the splendour of tlie new day ? "The love of Christ constraineth me. . . If any man be in Christ, he is a new creation." With all reverence I take this as an illustration, and I take it be cause I think we liave the warrant of tlie apostle fordoing so. Love, then, kindles brighter ideals, inspires us with a noble shame, rouses us from inertness, and im pels us to nobler issues. Therefore, if anyone wanted to assure himself whether he really loved, he should ask what change this new feeling had made in Iub life ? Had he become more conscious of liis imperfections ? Had liis ideal grown suddenly larger ? Had his life and sur roundings acquired a new and holier meaning ? Had lie learned to hate every meanness which had debased liis life i Had God come closer to him ? Had the revelation that '"God is love" been lighted up with a more sweet and more awful significance ? If so, he might he sure that upon him Love had laid her concentrating hand. A higher love—a higher life. Some people who in the married state find that tilings do not go veiy smoothly imagine that they have made a migfal-o Veiy possibly they have. And if they have, it is a terrible mistake. But they may be mistaken in thinking that they have made a mistake. It is to be remem bered that the ideally perfect unison of married life is practically impossible. There is not perfect unison in tlie breast of any individual. Did God, then, make a mistake in wedding heart, and mind, and soul 1 Were they not intended to be one ? Are the conflicts within us a proof that the various powers of our being ought to be sundered ? Nay, but we are to work towards the ideal harmony. Pre cisely so in married life. The jars and frets are inevitable, but the Divorce Court is a poor refuge from them. I will not say that divorce is never a necessary or desirable resource. In most cases, how ever, it is a resource of cowards, even as the man who has not spirit enough to bat tle with the ills of life rushes to the cow ard's end of suicide, George Eliot finely says: Marriage, which lias been the lwurne of so many narratives, is still a great beginning, as it was to Adam and Eve, who kept their honeymoon in Eden, but had their first little one among the thorns and thistles of the wilderness. It is still the beginning of the home epic— the gradual conquest or irremediable loss of that complete union which makes the advancing years a climax and age the harvest of sweet memories in common." And again, " Some set out, like Crusaders of old, with a glorious equipment of hope and enthusiasm, and get broken by the way, wanting patience with each other and the world." After marriage, then, it remains to work out the possibilities of the married state. It is a poor thing to succumb at the first difficulties and ac knowledge failure. It is not in this spirit that our race has conquered the wilder- ness and made the desert " blossom as the rose." Blessed are they who can be heroes in their home, who can grapple with evil tempers and selfishness and in- civilities, and in the strong might of love drive them forth into outer darkness. There is a tendency in a great deal of that backboneless, musclcless, and altoge ther limp morality which is the deformed progeny of a union between false philo sophy and spurious sentiment, to elimi nate the idea of responsibility. There are false prophets who preach to us, some times openly, but more frequently by in sidious suggestion, the omnipotence of circumstances. Our simple fathers—who did some stout things withal in their day were so benighted and unscientific as to think that there was some virtue in a firm will, that a man's life was largely in liis own making, that nothing was a curse while a man bo acted as to have God's benediction resting upon him. Noub avons clungd tout ccla. Nowadays man's destiny is controlled by the, protuberances on his head, or by the conduct of his great grandparents, or by the fortuitous con course of events, or in some equally won derful way, and he, poor wretch I is pre destined to be a fool, or a knave, or an honest fellow, -without the least disgrace or credit being attachable to him. A very comfortable doctrine, as every one must allow, especially for those who find a will a very inconvenient and unnecessary ap pendage to their natures. And it has this advantage, that there is a little truth in it, which satisfies those unfortunate mor- tals who find in themselves another super- fiuous and even annoying attribute—a con science. Now this tendency of thought is acting most disastrously upon the rela tions between the sexes. Marriage is held to be conditional on compatibility of temper and the continuance of mutual liking. If another passion usurps the place of the old one, it is the verdict of Nature that tlie marriage is a nullity. If discord mars the harmony of the home, it is an indication that a writ of divorce must be applied for, or other measures taken to sever a union that nature pronounces void. Thus vice is bolstered up with the sanctions of a false philosophy, and self-control and self-cultivation, in the practice of which man finds his grandest discipline, though his hardest labour, are ridiculed as vain strivings against the course of Nature. Two people are joined in wedlock who think they never ought to have been so joined. Their case, we al low, is a very hard one. What are they to do ? Is life to be spent in perpetual bickerings ? Or are they to have recourse to divorce or separation ? Would it not be better, first of all, to endeavour to made the best of the situation ? Do not their early vows impose a solemn obliga tion upon them to try to live in harmony ? Is it not' possible that earnest efforts in this direction would provide the noblest kind of discipline for them, and that their home might thus become the grandest sphere of usefulness—the husband saving the wife, the wife saving the husband ? For weal or woe, whether they remain together or part asunder, tlieir destinies are involved. Life cannot be as if their marriage had not taken place. If the husband makes any pretence to manhood, he cannot consider his own interests apart from those of his wife ; and if the wife makes any pretence to womanhood, she cannot consider her own interests apart from those of lier husband. The matter ought to be considered, not under the in fluence of passion or a desire for self-gra- tification, but with a heroic purpose to do what is right. And for the man or woman who can be hero or heroine there, the Victoria Cross or any earthly dignity whatsoever is a very inadequate decora tion. " He that saveth liis life shall lose it, and he that loseth his life for My sake shall find it." Well, we have rambled away into a dark comer of our subject. Our spirits are getting rather low ; let us seek the sun at that glad place where there first breaks upon the soul the light that " never was on land or sea." But on our way thereto we are troubled by certain who proclaim with unnecessary vociferation that they are not marrying men, which means in general, that they are insufferable cox combs and fools. There is this of com fort, however, in their determination, tJrat it is a good tiling for the world. Be ing such as they are, it is quite as well ! that they should live alone. Now were a man to ask a sage such a question as this, " Shall I many?" can we guess how he would answer I Would he not, iiiall pro bability, reply, " Not if you can help it." Just as he would advise anyone to avoid writing poetry unless he found that neces sity was laid upon him. But he would accompany tlrat advice with this : " Open your heart to all sweet and generous im pulses. Cherish high aims. Live purely and nobly, and walk right on to thy des tiny, wliatever it may be." If a man take that advice, he will at any rate he capable of love ; and if the other half, that will make with liim a complete whole, appear, ' he will be able to look into the face of his beloved and say, " I could not love thee, dear, so much, I Loved I not honour more." Happy are they, men or women, who can go on tlieir way with a sweet unconscious I ness, to whom love comes as a blessed surprise. Happy are they who can enjoy the starlight, while it lasts, and who do not keep lightning lucifer matches to imi tate the sun ! Bight glorious is the dawn for them. As for those who think criti cally of eveiy man as a possible husband, or of every woman as a possible wife, they are in a sad case, and it will be well for them if they come not to a desolate end. On Forcing Children.—Above nil things let my imaginary pupil have pre served freshness and vigour of youth in his mind as well aa the body. The edu cational admonition of desolation of the present day is the stimulation of young people to work at high pressure by inces sant competitive examinations. Some wise man (who probably was not en early riser) has said of early risers in general, that they are conceited all the forenoon, and stupid in the afternoon. Now whe ther this is true of early risers in the common acceptation of the word or not, I will not pretend to say; but it iB too often true of the unhappy children who are forced to rise too early in their classes. They are conceited all the forenoon of life, and stupid all its afternoon. The vigour and freshness which should have been stored for existence in practical life, have been washed out of them by preco cious mental debauchery—by book glut tony and lesson bibbing. Their faculties are worn out by the strain upon their callow brains, and they are demoralised by worthless, childish triumphs before the real work of life begins. I have no com passion for the sloth, but youth has more need for intellectual rest than age ; and the cheerfulness, the tenacity of purpose, the power of work, which makes many a successful man what he is must be placed to the credit, not of his hours of indus try, but to that of his hours of idleness in boyhood. Even the hardest worker of them all, if he has to deal with anything above mere details, will do well, now and again, to let his brain lie fallow for a space.—Prof. Huxley. 