EYES OP BLUE. CHAPTEii XXVII. ~-^ philip's welcome Home. -« MtIjeabest Philip. ? Your telegram from Brest, 'with the joyful news of your return, has just reached me, and I sit down at once to write to you,, so that you may find a letter from me at your hotel waiting for you ou your arrival at Southampton. ? It is delightful to think that you are back sooner than I expected, and that in a few hours after you receive tnis letter, i. snail oeciaspingray dearest son to sny heart. Now, pray, my dear boy, lose no time in coming to me. You must know how anxious I am to see you again after this long and trying- separation ; eo leave your men to take care of themselves, and put yourself straight into the train at once, so that you may be ?with me as soob as possible. You will see by the address that I am in Westshire, where I have taken a little cottage for two months. It is a pretty place, and close to your old friends the Ormsbys, who will, I am sure, be delighted to see you a^ain. Your room is all ready, and I cannot tell you now I am looking forward to having you with me. It will quite freshen me up again. ' I have been very much out of spirits lately, quite upset and ill, in fact, owing to a most pain ful thing which has occurred eince I have been ihere. I am sure you will be very sorry to hear that I have been grieved and distressed beyond measure by the conduct of your poor cousin Ella. I had become as fond of her as if she had been my own child, and was deeply interested in her future, aB she was on the point of accepting- a most esti mable and worthy man, Mr. Titus Saell, to whom I could have confided tier with the greatest satis faction. However, that now is, alas, all at an end! Your cousin had, I fear, been nourishing a secret and most shockingly immoral affection for Jack Ormsby. It was plain to me for some tuns that she was bent upon attracting his attention, and of course, when ladies forget modesty and purity, gentlemen are not slow to take advantage of it. The end o£ it -was, that there was a frightful scandal. I had left our cottage to go over to the Ormsbys' house, and told Ella I should send for her to join us. Jack Ormsby kindly offered to fetch her ; but instead of joining us in our ex pedition,,Bhe persuaded him to take her out in a boat to an uninhabited island which lies off the i coast, and there — I positively blush to write the words— they spent the night. Jack was very soon tired of his bargain, for he brought her back again the next morning. Of course poor dear Clarice hadbeen in a frightful state, although I have per suaded her now to forgive her husband, who, after all, poor fellow, was not, I dare say, much to blame. Men seldom are in these matters. Fox the sake of the family I should have done my best to hush the whole business up ; but, unfortunately, this was impossible, as Miss Brereton.the clergy man's daughter, had spoken to several persons of having seen a boat on its way out to the island; and when .the two were missing, and inquiries ?were beine made, it was evident to everyone what had occurred. ? Of course, my dear boy, you will understand that I could could no longer consider it my duty ito offer the shelter of my home to this poor ^wretched girl. When I accused her, and looked janxiously for some explanation, some palliation of ?bet conduct, she had actually no excuses to make. She could not say one single ?word in self-defence, lit was therefore impossibe for me to keep this ?poor lost creature under my roof. She has often had plans of earning her own living, so she must now fight her own way. I have allowed her to go to the empty house in Eton Place for a few days, until she can settle herself elsewhere. As there is only a charwoman an elderly widow, there, I do not think her presence will be an unnecessary pollution to anybody, although I fear I have been inexcusably weak in. allowing my feelings to over power my sense of right in this indulgence to her. I hope me may never hear of her again, and that ghe will bring no more disgrace upon us all. ? Poor Mr. Snell was half distracted on that terrible night, and lef fc the country the next day, in deep indignation at having been so cruelly de ceived in her. After this sad event, my ,dearest boy, vou will imagine how impatiently I look for ?ward'to the Eolace and comfort of having you with me again. It will be like a new life to me, after all the trying scenes I have gone through. ? Your loving mother, A. Dallas.' This was the letter which greeted Philip Dallas when he landed at Southampton after his two years' absence from England. Twenty minutes after reading it, he was in an exwese train, being borne along, as swiftly as iron 3.n*d st tsm could carry him, not to Fushsia Cottage, W«sl:sbir«, but to Eaton Place, London. ? hi lip had become broader and more manly loc&ing; in his absence} his figure had filled out, ~ ind his features were more set and more dcter miL' -i, and a close-trimmed brown beard, which qov -. ??: vered the lower part of his his face, made a ponsiderable alteration and improvement in his ippearance. As he took his place in the train at the Southamp ton station, a lady at the further side of the tarriage said to herself as he entered, 'What s rood-looking man ! But 'bow dreadfully savage he fooks 1' Philip had some cause for his savage looks. So this was the end of his self-exile ! He had Hoped so much from his absence — protracted pur oosely, even, over the appointed two years of probation. He had looked for ward bo in tensely to jis return. He had been so confident, that time jrould have healed that old sore, anl laid to feat those ghosts of the past which stood between kim and her; and he had come back, only to find bat the old wounds were all re-opened afresh, and ind that new Borrow and cruelty had been worked io her, worse even than the first. It was enough to make a man mad. Philip, a* (io sat in the first-class carriage, which was bear jag him swiftly to' the presence of her who had teen scarcely an hour ont of his thoughts, waking f r sleeping, ever since he bad bidden her good bye, clenched his hands together in impotent Jury. ? ? ' . Andthen that letter— that cursed letter! Never fua m good man, nearer to haling his own mother, than was Philip, as be read .Lady Alt hea's lengthy -explanation of the ' distressing event' that had happened. Philip did not believe one word of it. That some cruel and wicked scheme against his darling had been perpetrated by that scoundrel, to rob her of her good name and her peace of mind for ever, was but too evident ; and Philip liradiered, .with a terrible apprehension of what might have happened to her, as he thought of it. But that she was to blame — she, his sweet, inno cent darling — she be guilty of 'forgetting Modesty and purity* — she be a party to any scheme to shock or scandalize anybody — was an absolute impossibility. With deep and bitter curses he read and re-read his mother's cruel and selfish letter, raging ini potently over her expressions with regard to .Ella, and wondering miserably what it all meant, and what had really happened. And then there was that wretched pin- prick, too, referring to Mr. Titus Snell, whom his mother said she had been on tha point of being engaged to. 'Who was Mr. Titus Snell, to whom Lady Althea had been ready to confide her niece with so much satisfac tion F And was it possible that Ella, loving Jack Ormsby still — as, alas I he feared, only too truly, must still be the case — could have contemplated marrying another man, and not hiniself, who would have taken her and loved her, knowing of that fatal attachment? The answer to these miserable questions which he asked himself, Philip meant to take from Ella's lips alone. It was from herself, and none other, that he would hear the explanation and the mean ing of this terrible letter. He would put it into her hands, and say to her, * Tell me the truth.' There uould be little doubt that her version of things wonld be perfectly different to 'his mother's. There was some horribie mistake which she would be able to make plain, some incomprehensible misunderstanding which, she would be able to clear up. She would deny all these charges against her, indignantly and wrathfully. He could fancy how proudly the would throw back her head, and how her face would flame with anger and scorn as she refuted all these base lies which some one had invented to blight her good fame. And in the strength of her denial, Philip was prepared to defy the whole world. And bo the train, rushing on, bore him at last to the haven where he so much desired to be — Waterloo Station. In Eaton Piⅇ the houses w»r ?- for the most part shut up — aa, indeed, they v.Tei-e in all the streets and squares in the neighbourhood. What a citv of the dead is Belsravia in the months oi August and September! Can anything be more ghostly, more soul-depressing, than those iong, deserted streets, where every footfall rings along the pavement as if it were midnight, where no carriage-wheels break the dismal silence, save occasionally the rapid flight of a doctor's broug ham, or the slow procession of a melancholy lour wheel cab coming to a stand, hopelessly and aim lessly, at sorae midway point of observation ? Can any spectacle be more oppressive than those long rows of shuttered and newspapered windows, star ine- at one from everv side, iike the sierhtiess orbs of blind men ? Here and there, through a half -opened drawing room window, over the still blossoming Gower boxes that are wasting their somewhat straggling contents upon the deserted air — there, whore so lately bent the golden locks and dainty features of the Lady Evoline as she peeped out coquet tishly, through the Virginia creeper trellis-work, after the departing- form of handsome Lord Edward, ambling away on bis neat little park hack — there protrudes now, sheltered by the so;f sanie creeper's crimson foliage, another head, not like pretty Lady Eveline's, ' sunning over with curls,' but frizzled, dusty, curl-papery — the'fcoad of the ancient charwoman in charge of the house. There is a terribie lesson of human life to b-i learnt from the way in which tbe lower orders sit confidingly and imijiushingly in the seat of tTieir betters during the months of August and Sep tember. The milk woman hands the milk in through the front door ; the men who have come to take away the carpets, or to whitewash the ceilings, lounge idly out of the dining-room win dows with clay pipes in their mouths ; the char woman's dirty little children, armed with pea shoeters, are looking out from my iady's bedroom above, and are peppering the scanty passers-by with small shot from those sportive y ingenious implements. Below, there is my lady's ne^v barouche and high-stepping horses, left in town under the care of that most respectable coachman, who came to her with five years' character from his last situation, going full pace down tiie street over the newly strewn granite, himself in mut'fi on the box, his father-in-law and his -^ephtriv be side him, and his wife and her two sisters, a grown-up niece, and four children, all more or loss dirty and unkempt, packed inside, aad ail romp ing freely and cheerfully upon hr-r ladyship's newlv covered blue cloth cushions aiid linings. Into the midst of the desolation of this w eird, plague-stricken looking city of Belgravia, came Ella Dallas to her aunt's house in Baton Place. If it was but a gloomy abode when it was carpeted and inhabited, when the ornaments were all set out, and the chairs all ranged in their proper places, and when there was coming and going up and down the stairs all day, and voices and laughter in every room of the house — if it was gloomy then, how fifty ithousand times inoie dismal was it not now ! The carpets were all up, and had been carted away; the chairs and tables were huddled to gether in groups in the middle of the rooms, and for the most part stood on their heads, with their legs wildly stretched into the air ; the ornaments had disappeared, the pictures were swathed in | brown holland bags. One room — a iittle back study, not looking- on to the street, but on to a dismal back yard eight feet square, and where the view was bounded by a blank gray wall — had been unbarred and un shuttered for her use, and one mahogany table without a cloth, and two chairs, had been brought out for her delectation. When she went up and down the stairs to her bedroom, her footsteps echoed in a ghostly fashion along the stone steps and among the unearpeted rooms. Her box stood in the middle of the hall, all strapped up in its leather cover, just where the cabmen who brought it in had gruinblingly deposited it. There was no one to take it upstairs, and, indeed, she did not particularly care that it should be moved, fcshe had carried her dressing bag, which contained sufficient for her present ?wants, upstairs herself, and she did not know how soon she might not want to take herself and her box off again. The charwoman who was in charge of the house — that ' elderly widow* whose morale Lady Althea had thought might stand the strain upon them for a few days of the pollution of her niece's presence — was depressed at the unexpected reappearance of a member of ' the family,* and was exercised in her mind as to her capabilities of producing the food necessary for the young lady's consumption. She was a sad-visaged woman, in a rusty black gown, and had a melancholy and. discouraging way of considering things in general. * Could you get me a mutton-chop, please, Mrs. Moulders?' Ella had asked, pleasantly, upon her arrival, not having eaten Anything Bince her early breakfast. Mrs. Moulders had shaken her head despond - ingly, as though to intimate that such dainties as mutton-chops were not generally to be had for the asking. ? I'm sure I don't know, miss. I might be able to get one, and again I mightn't,' which was not a hopeful lookout for a hungry woman. The whole of Mrs. Moulders* intercourse with the unwelcome intruder into her domain was con ducted upon the same -nnexhilarating principles. ≠ didn't know, she was sure, how she should manage any cooking at the kitchen grate, the boiler having been taken out to be repaired. She couldn't tell nohow how she could poach .an egg for breakfast. She hadn't been used to cook for ladies, nor she hadn't done such a thing as poach an e?g since her poor dear was took off sudden, in a fit like — as before you could say Jack Eobinson, he was gone. She didn't think as how tiae trades men was likely to call for such small orders, and she didn't see- nohow how she could be running out to get the' things Miss Dallas wanted at all hours, and she in charge, as it were, of her lady ehip's r^ine. In k»iji t, if Mrs. Moulders had been allowed to sit down under the weight of her own unpromis ing prognostics, Ella must inevitably have starred. In tine morning, when Ella came down to her wretchedly served breakfast — a cup of sloppy tea, and a dirtily cooked slice of bacon, brought up on a saucer or a pudding-dish, or any other inappro priate utensil thai came handy to Mis. Moulders* and set down untemptingly ia the dreary centre Df the round mahogany table — the sad-faced widow, with two dirty little children hanging on bo her draggled skirts one on either side, wonld push her dusty head unceremoniously in at the study door, and ask in a lugubrious voice -what k\q would please to like for her dinner to-day. 'Oh, anything you can get, Mrs. Moulders/ Ella would reply, in a oonciliatingly cheerful voice. Whereupon that lady generally retorted, that she ' warn't sure as how she could get any think — leastways, not fit for a lady to eat.' After that the infants wou)d begin to squall, in an in harmonious duet, and forcibly demand their mother's attention to their own special grievances. Mrs. Moulders vrouid thereupon retire, with a muttered remonstrance to the effect that a. widow woman as was the mother of a family, and had always kept to the charing and cleaning lines of business, was not to be expected to cook for gentry all on a sudden, as wanted soups and hentrays as they didn't ought to expect from a widow as never made no pretences to cooking nowhow. But Ella was not very difficult to please. Dreary as was the shelter, and scanty and uncomfortable as was the fare, such as it was, she was yet thank ful for it. Her aunt had given her leave to stay in the house until she could find some occupation, and she could not afford to despise the grudgingly offered charity. It was something to have a roof over her head, and a bed to sleep upon, and a snort breathing space, before she must needs go out, single-handed, to fight the battle of life against starvation. In the hard and bitter life which was openinsr out before her, slatternly Mrs. Moulders, with her unpromising remarks and her reluctantly given services, was but a small aggravating to the more serious troub.es which were surrounding her on every side. So sho submitted r-itiently to the grumbling complaints of the so- ?? ^cd charwoman, and ate neruntempfcing-looki:: . meals without disparag ing remarks, and with as much appetite as she could bring to bear upon them. Ella has been in Eaton Place a week, and she is still as far as ever from getting anything to do. It is not so easy for a woman who has only strength and youth and willingness to work at whatever work may -present itself, and has no opening or introduction of any sort, to find em ployment whereby she may keep herself, however pooreiy, in food and lodging. Ella sits in the little back study with her elbows on the table, her hands supporting her small, thorough-bred head, and her «yes fixed upon the ndvertisement sheets of the ' Times' which are spread out before her. WANTED. AS COMPAQ IOJs to an elderly lady, to widow of a clergyman of the Church of England, ayoung person of truly Christian principles, to -whom a salary is not so much an object as a peaceful home in a pious household. Must thoroughly under stand knitting and crochet in ail its branches, and not object to washing two valuable Maltese poodles daily. A -rood reference required. A YOCNGrLADY, of prepossessing appearance, as barmaid, in a commercial boteL Must be tall and understand book-keeping. — Address, A. T., 510, Citv Road. AS TJNDER-GQVEENESS in a high class boarding- school for young ladies. French, Ger man, Italian, music, and ali other branches of Eng lish education. None but]a thorough musician need apply. Good references indispensable. Salary, .£20 per annum : the use of a piano out of school hours inclusive. A YOUNG-LADY, of genteel appearance and oleg-ant figure, as show-woman in a West-End raiiiiner'6 establishment. Must have a good character from last situation. Ella's eyes ran wearily over the list. She began debating to herself whether she was most fitted to be the 'young lady of prepossessing appear ance,* behind the bar in the City Road, or the one with tbe elegant figure in the milliner's West-End establishment ; whether she would prefer .£20 per annum for pretending to teach a great many things she did not know herself, to a peaceful and unremunerative home in the pious family of the widow with the Maltese poodles. She rather inclined to the latter alternative ; there were many worse things to be done in the world than washing poodles. Ella thought on the whole, the occupation might be more congenial to her than the teaching of little girls. But then she doubted very much w-iether the widow of the ciergyman of the Church, of England would consider her principles, as set forth by a reference to Lady A:thea, to be of that ' truly Christian' character -which appeared to be indispensable to the entering of that pious and peaceful house hold. Ela was not inclined to apply to her aunt i for a ' reference,' and yet without a reference of I some sort it appeared to her to be impossible to obtain a situation. As to education, the insu perable objection of not being a musician seemed to ba.r the way to any employment in that direc tion. She had wasted several days waiting about i in the ante-rooms of g-overnessep' agencies, and j had been politely inlorined by the lady-superin- 1 dents that this deficiency alone was quite sufii- 1 cient to incapacitate her from any hope of getting a situation of that description. Day after day she had gone through the dreary, uninviting list of advertisements. Day after day she had wiitten heaps of fruitless letters, to which she never received any answers. Day after day she had trudged along the Jiot stifling strees, to these ' Agencies' and ' Institutes/ only to be told that the place she had come to seek had been already filied up, and that nothing else likely to suit her was on the books. And still she was no nearer to earning her living than she had been on the day of her arrival at Eton Place. To-day, after poring over the advertisements once more, she proceeds to put her little irons in the fire. With almost a weary certainty of the utter hopelessness of her efforts, she writes to the widow with the poodles, and she makes up her mind to go to the West- End miliiuery estab lishment, fcjha cannot afford to be proud. After all, v-hat does it matter now ? She must take what she can get, since there are so few things that she can do. She has been so engrossed in her letter, and in her own dreary thoughts, that she has not heard the sound of -wheels at tfce door, nor the subse quent ringing of the hall bell. The little study is like a prison ; one cannot hear many of the sounds of outer life from within it. Mrs. Moulders is not versed in the orthodox ceremonial for ushering visitors into the presence of ladies. Having admitted the gentleman into the house, she contents herself with jerking her head and her thumb in the direction of the study and then disappears rapidly down the kitchen stairs, whence the howls of her offspring are borne aloft to her anxious maternal ears. So the study door opens suddenly and softly, and Ella, looking up, sees Philip standing before her. CHAPTER XXVIII. CTEBOTTGH JOT AND THROUGH TORMENT.' Philip, in all his life, never forgot the look that came into Ella's face as he entered so unex pectedly into that dreary iittle back room. It was not surprise at his sudden appearance, although not having heard of hia return to .Eng land, she might well have been surprised to see him. There was almost a terrified shrinking from him in her startled face. She made a movement, as though to escape from the room, and then stood facing him, with, all the width of the table between them, leaning upon the back of her chair, and trembling as eho looked at him. As to Philip, he spoke 90 word of greeting to her ; he only said, with an agitation as great aB her own — ' Tell me, for God's sake what it is that has happened P ' Then you have heard ?' she said, and there was an instant relief in her voice and face. . . * I have received this — from my mother;' |and he put Lady Althea's letter into her hands. She took it up, and read it through from beginning to end. Philip watched her as she read. He waited to Bee the honest indignation he had expected from her flame up into her face, to hear somecry of dismay and surprise break from her lips ; but he watched and waited in vain-. There waB no change npon her quiet, sad face, and she uttered no sound as she read. When she had finished it the. letter dropped from her nerveless fingers upon the table before her, and with a Blight sigh, ehe looked away- out at the gray wall through the open ?window. v_ v ' Well, he cried impatiently, ' what ia the meaning of it P What do you say to it ?' ' I have nothing to say.* 'Nothing I Good God, Ella ! you don't mean bo say that it is true — this wicked, cruel story which my mother tells against yon? There must be some horrible mistake. If you would not explain things to her, at least yon will to me.' * I can tell yoa nothing more. Philip. I have no further explanation to a^ve of what happened.' She spoke verv quietly, though her voicetrembled a little. 'I will never believe it — never!' burst from Philip impetuously. ' I will never believe that you went away deliberately, and of your own ac cord, with Jack Ormsby ; never, if you told me so over and over and over again with your own lips. He must have. cheated you, and deceived you.' Ella dropped her head, and was silent. Not for all the lost joys of her whole life could she have said of the man she loved, * Yes, he deceived me — he told me a lie— and that was why I went with him.' For it was Adam who made that meanest and basest of all the self-excuses that have been uttered in the history of the world — 'The woman tempted me.' *Ella, you will drive me mad!' cried Philip, frantically. *I must refute these base, vile slanders against you. I must clear your good name. I am ready to stand by you against the whole world, if you will only trust me. For Heaven's sake, tell me your version of what has happened V ' Nothing very dreadful has happened,' she said with a little smile at his excitement ; ' but it is all the same in the end as if it had. Appearances are against me, Phi.ip, and I am powerless to alter them. What does it signify ? Do not distress yourself. It was a miserable chapter of accidents; no one was to blame— no one/ she added, with intentional emphasis. Philip was pacing up and down the small room excitedly ; it was an old trick of his, which Ella remembered. ' If you believe in me, Philip,' she said, pently patting forth her hands, ' I don't think I care much for what other people may say of me.' Philip stopped suddenly in front of her, and took the outstretched hands within his. * My darling, I would believe in you, though all the whole world were against you,' he said, loot ing yearningly at her with his tender brown eyes. 'Look here, love; give me the right to defend you. Be my wife, and no one will dare to say a word against you. Hush 2 Do not interrupt me, dearest; bear what I have to say. I will never aBk you one single question about the past, what ever it may be ; 1 will never exact from you what you cannot give me. I know that you do notlove me— that you never will love me— as I love you; I do not expect it. But at least I can give you a shelter and- a safeguard against the cruel slanders that have been spoktn against you; at least I can give you the refuge of a husband's home, and the support of a husband's love. Oh, Ella, will yon not try the experiment ? I think J. could make you happy, darling.' And then she wrenched her hands away out of his, and sank down, with her head upon the bare, hatd table, and burst into a passion of weeping. ' Oh, Philip, Philip, I think you are the most unselfish man that ever lived !' she cried looking up at him through her blinding tears. ' But do you think I would, do you think I could, come to you as I am — with nothing to give you back for all your goodness to me ; a poor, penniless girl, with not even a spotless name/ He was standing over her, looking at her with earnest, wistful eyes ; there was a flush almost of hope upon his face, a light almost of triumph in his eyes. * Tell me/ he said,- and his voice sank into a whisper, 'is that all?' Once again the temptation of this man's love was almost too great for her. Once again he offered her peace instead of turmoil, rest instead of weariness, love and tender care instead of the hard buffetings of tiie pitiless world. And she liked him bo well ! — so wall, that it pained her to grieve him ; so well, that she knew he would, as he said, make her happy; so well, that she wished, she even longed, to yield to him — but for one thing, one thing that, as of old, was unaltered still ! ' No/ she said slowly, and her eyes drooped be neath his, ' no, that is not all.' There was a moment's silence. Philip's heart, that for one short,, delirious minute had beat so wildly and tumnltuously, sank down again with a chill and a -death-like sickness. Then she stood up before him, and laid her gentle hands upon his arm. ' Philip/ she said, and there was a sudden earn estness in her voice and in the deoths of her sad, solemn eyes, ' let me tell you how it is with me. I do not know how or why it is, but it always is the same. You are bo good and brave and noble — and he — is — is not {rood like you; and yet I — I love him best. Hush ! 1 know -what you would say, that he has been cruel and heartless, and hard to me. Yes, I know it very well ; whilst you, you have been good and generous always. May God biess you for it ! But it isn't because a man is good that a woman loves him. God knows what it is for ! I know — my reason, my sense, my judg ment, tell me at every instant — how infinitely superior you are to him — how infinitely more worthy of love ; and yet, were I to become your wife — were you to overwhelm me with goodness, and with tenderness, and with love, till I learnt to blesa you every houi that I lived — all the same and in spite of it al i, if he were to come into the room, my heart would go straight out to him, just as it did at the first. I cannot tell you why, but it is so/ (To he Continued. J 