Cije ®altoo0 Ctwes. WA1.LABOO, SATURDAY, JANUARY 15, 1881. THE Parent Association of the South Australian Farmers' Mutual Association, at their meeting ou Saturday last, at Caysiai Brook, had another discussion on land reform, which ended, as all previous ones have done, in failure. From a perusal of the report of the meeting, which seems to have been very lengthy, one is forcibly reminded of his juvenile days when he joined with a number of companions in " playing at school." The result of the meeting, so far as the land i question is concerned, only confirms what we have already said in connection with eome of the leading members of the Parent Association-namely, that they display unpardonable ignorance in con nection with the most trifling affairs. On Saturday last the President was not pre sent at the commencement, and it would seem as if the Secretary had embraced the opportunity for delivering himself on the important subject of Land Reform. At least this is the idea coayeyed, as at the outset Mr Venning^ stated that he and the President had frequently had hot discussions on the subject, nnd as soon as Mr Baw did arrive, Mr Yenning re sumedhis seat, and did not take up the subject again until pressed by those pre sent. He adopted the thread bare argu ments that have been used &r; years, showing * that.; th& ifrmer, is the m>st illused individual on earth. The following are samplesculled from Mr Venning'* speech as reported. "All the be iefit accruing from the labor- of the agriculturist feli to the capi|alis£and they were tidd to enjoy the pleasures of the Mortgage Act.. America was more go ahead coUtitiy than oura, Sfae had a far . more jiberal jand measure, and farmers pa^ l^l^r ^eir i^nd and ^less for their carriage. difficulties :i$infe 1 iUibengdland jaK. Clouds rose firbm tto east and west and from the north and south, but only to pass over oar lands and jpour. out . upon more favored spots. Ours was a ficsde climate. He had considered land law reform very care fully, and intended to speak plainly to them upon the matter. He was much annoyed with their apathy, as they ap peared to know Jittle and care less how the ship of State was guided. They were now on the evo of a general election, and this, was the time their voices should be heard. Nothing, /would ever be ac complished until ; tbiey banded them selves together for the accomplishment of some defined scheme, and sent men to Parliament from the country districts. It j was urged that quite sufficient freedom j was given the farmer, but he contended j it was not so, and that the farmer should j have every possible concession and free-1 dom the country could extend, as while opening up the lands he had to contend with serious difficulties. Many a farmer would not reap a bag to the acre this season, yet he was supposed to spend money in improvements besides paying his purchase-money, and if be could not do this then the Grovernment extended I its liand of liberality, and charged the farmer 8 per cent, interest for the money. It was absurd to suppose that under these circumstances farming could pay." After piling up the agony in this way Mr Venning's next flights were to Switzerland, Prussia and lower Yorke's Peninsula. After assuring those present that it was not on his own account but in the interests of others that he ad vocated this reform, Mr Venning sub mitted the following proposition : ** That in the opinion of this association the time has arrived when persons select ing land should not be charged interest for any amount above the upset price of £L per acre, and to have twenty years to pay what a selector bids over and above the upset price. The upset price to remain as a lease of continuity at 5 per cent, after the first six years." Mr Venning is certainly guilty of misrepresentation. Iu the first place he states that he has studied the question carefully; now, if this be the case, he must know that farmers have not to pay the Grovernment 8 per cent on the money due. If he has read the amended Laud Act, he must also be aware that selectors who have not completed their purchases are permitted to take advantage of its most liberal clauses, yet, although the question was put by a member of the Association, those who are looked upon as the " oracles" did not inform them of this fact. And we are bound to infer either that the Secretary and President were ignorant of the fact, or, if this is not the case, were guilty of a gjore objectionable fault,-namely, of misrepresenting the provision of the present Land Act. Either view points to a state of affaire that is the opposite of creditable to those who undertake to guide such an import ant society;, as the South Australian Farmers' Mutual Association, and unless the Branches decide at the next annual meeting, to appoint the central Com mittee in Adelaide the ~ days of the Association will be numbered. Mr Miller was the only one who really spoke to the point. He said they were labouring under a great disadvantage in discussing a question that they did not understand They had often met together ajad discus sed the self same subject as they had done that Afternoon, yet this was the first occasion that Mr Vepnfog had spoken on the matter. He had come there with a proposal quite imperfect and Incom plete^ and had reflected upon the conduct of tbose whom he considered not so wise as hlmsel£" . Mr Venning's proposition was,-however, carded on the pasting vote of the President,, but if the members 4af the " Parent Association" are insane enoqgVto imajr ine that any Government (unllsss compASied pf Crystal Brook lu minaries)-would think *»f passipg a .mea sure, which would still further encosr&gp; farmers to ran each other &t; the land sales,rthey will be doomed to. disappoint ment Such conduct on the part of the centra! committee is calcaluted to disgust the Br^ches (many of which have dis» played considerable intelligence in the discussion of important n?e$6£res) and is likely not only to disorganise tl?e associ ation, but to frustrate any intelligent* at tempts that may be made by others j& the direction of liberalising the Zand Laws. . It will be seen by «o. advertisement that Profcwor J?epper appears jja Wall&roo; on next Monday and ^gpsday, and in Kadin? - p# Thursday and Friday evenings,- Jan. If aq3 18 and 20 and 21 respectively^ with hie celebrated Ghost. The entertainment is to be much mora than that whichliegave on the occasion of rhitt «nd doubtless the Professor .will be largely p»trojiified.; " .We regret to notice 'prom «' paragraph J» the shipping columns of the Register on' Wedpfcadsy-, that Captain Storrie, of the barque Kebroyd, vsf i9FQ&& ty ilibealtb to relinquish the com ' maud of tbe vessel at Newcastle. This informa tion will be received with regjret by CaptaiuStor rie's nurperous friends at Wallaroo. We w»uld remind oar readers oT tbe Green's. Plains ijsees, which take place on Wednesday, Jan. 19, 1881. As will be ee^n by the list of entries in another column, some excellent horses ; are entered, and we believe it will be one of the best meetings ever held at Q-reen's VlainB. : ;A meeting was held at the Miners Arms,; ;Kadina, on Wednesday evening, to consider the advisability of holding the Annual Races. Mr j Joseph Wyatt was voted to the chair. It Was resolved to hold the meeting on Aprial 18 and 19 I ic Messrs Martin and Herbert's Paddocks, Newtown, near Kadina. The following gentle men were appointed' a Committee-Messrs T- Williams, Samuel Barnett, T. Herbert, O Barnett, J.Bichardspn, R. P. Strike, J. Hall, Brownlow, W. Ford, J.' Wyatt, and J. Spink. Hon. Secretary. The Government have commenced tbe work of laying the locomotive line to the new Jetty. I But so far as we have been able to learn they j have not informed the contractor as to the | preparation required on the Jetty. It is only j natural to suppose that Mr Grant will require a ' little notice, as a large quantity of tbe^decking is j laid down temporarily. It will be rather annoying, | if, after all, unnecessary delay should be occasion- j ed for want of a little timely notice. 'A -number of large wheat ships are expected shortly and it is to be hoped everything that is possible will be done to accommodate them. It will be seen by advertisement the " Stray Leaves" Company are to perform at Kadina on Wednesday evening, and Wallaroo Thursday and Friday, January 19, 20 and 21. The Company is highly spoken of by principal news papers of this and the other Colonies.- .The Sydney " Daily Telegraph," of Aug 31 last, says : -" Miss Ella Carrington'e new entertainment entitled "Stray Leaves," is from the pen of Mr C. H. Taylor, and is written in a style calculated to please visitors rejoicing in all sorts of tastes. It possesses humour for the laughter, loving, pathos for the pathetic, singing for. the musical, and dancing for the all-round yotaries of terpsichore," The Postmaster-General has received - the subjoined telegram from Blackall :-r?" The fol lowing information Skuthorpe gaye me person ally :-Found Leichardt's journal from start also telescope and compass. Claussen's journal not whole way. By Ciaussen'B journal Hume camped with him nine weeks. Found Claussen's grave 150 miles from where he found Leichardt's journal. Claussen's remains perfect. The grave near overland telegraph line in direct line due west from Blackall about 1,300 miles. Erery thing in best preservation. Weight of relics about 60 pounds. Skuthorpe starts for Sydney next eoach. Will show nothing, and give no further information. Everything will be known on bis arrival in Sydney. Blacks assisted bim great deal. Passed through four different tribes. -CHARLES Langstein." ? . fibtice was drawn on Thursday nigh^in "the Council to the damage that vis being done1' to fences in the town. It is a matter 'for regret that there should be such a wanton distinction of property within sight of the authorities. -There are many fences, that-have been -erected within the last three or /our jeare that -rhaye been almost entirely destroyed. Notice Boards were put up warning persons against indulging in such practices, but they have not been taken notice of except as " Cock-shies," and have now met with the same, fate as many of the fences. People who are on the spot have an opportunity of guarding their property, but it must be remembered that the owners of a large number of allotments that havie been fenced, are living in other parts of tbe colony, Tbey have been compelled to enclose the land, and in most cases hare erected fences that would have* lasted for ten or a dozen years, it ip therefore very hard that they should be called upon in litHfej tnore^ than quarter of that time to replace teSefe that have been miBchieviousiy destroyed. Something should ABftjtfgJy fce to prevent such an evil, and it would not be a diQoalt $ask #9 numbers of larrikins nap be eeen from time to -t imps winging on the wireB and rails. j The annual meeting of the Yorke's Peninsula j Juvenile Oddfellows' Society, was held in the Oddfellows' and Foresters' Hallr Wallaroo, on J January 8. fhere weeg several members present, and, in the abgpqce-of the chairman, $ro J. Stephens was votediotiw chair. The IJalance Sheet for the past six months showed receipts for contributions, £18 19a lid; initiation fees, £9 7s 6d: interest, £5 16s fid; other receipts, 12s makjqg altogether, with balance from last half year, £1$1 §s id. The expenditure, for sick pay £1 ; Initiation fees into Adult Lodges, £6, all other exposes, £2 l§s 3d; leaving a balance to the credit ths <J"u*enilee of £1412s lOd. The Managing Committee's fourth annual report showed that "the Society " was progressing. They commenced the year with 59 members And $ £otgl amount of cash of £10812s 7d. During the year geyer^l gjeaiberj ran out through not paying their contributions, and several others have been initiated. Two new jjodgee have been opened, one at Maitland palled " yprke Talley Lodge," Bnd one at Q-reen'e Plain? c$Hed tfye " l}aly Lodge." If he gick pay during tlie yeap hqa only amqipited to £3, and £11 has fceeq p$i<i for members joining A^ult lodges, the expense o£tnanageiQen£ ^as 8 s 3d. and tbe returns at the end of November Shows that- s^e Soeioty coftsisja of 79 members, and 24 honorary members, and a gain in cash during the same period of £32 10s 3d which is considered Yflfj satisfactory. Those juvenile lodges are no doubt a be^egt pq tjje youths and their parents, gpait f«»m any pecuniary benefits nj?y prove >Be9QP <?f training tljem ?n jjiabits of use membora, nofctwl/ 9? tte k-ft^f the com munity. The settling for the Yorke'e Peninsula Annual Regatta took place at the Globe Hotel on SJTed^^oyday-ffpoiag, January 12. There was 'a gpodVt^df^c^:fnd ^he Vies President, Dr J. j ymB ^qt^L'po %e pjiaiir; ^he ptieyardg considered tbe.proi^t ^gajnpt t^e crey <jf 'ffcjj Irene in the Youth«?s6e. Ttef were disqualified from taking the prize, as a certificate pf birtb of one of their'dumber showed that he was nearly f*r4 yfW* over age at the time of the race. It ; W99 i»jw|fp4 iff Jk® P"ze over until the .tnmMf w? #Mw§ef tbi* ftp s&wtf; Zephyr aresnotaover age--theSecretary to at once arid obtain proof. The prizes were then paid over as follower-Sculling race, £l lOfl, W. Kerrison ; Amateur four- oared racei £7 7sT. Mackay (Irene) ; Sailing race, P. Willis, (Corsair) £1212s ; J. Zficholls (Boaeta>, £3 3aj Champion four-oared Race, R. Ross (Zephyr), | £10 10s; Pair-oared Race, T. Mackay (Clio), ! £3 3s. Ships* boat race, Bosphorus, £5 5s; I Second class sailing race, Olssen (Nelly),£6 6s j | P. Willis, (Fiahook) £1 la. Navvies' four oared | raoe, Doyle (Zephyr) £5 5s ; Pair ol sculls, £2 2s, D. Bews; Biaok Diamond Stakes, £7 7e, Snell (Tottie; j Duck hunt, £2 2s, Boss {(Tottie.) Swimming Matches-First event, Hector David son, lOs vd. Wa should here remark that this event was intended for youths under 14 years of 1 age, but as no entries could be obtained the ! Committee made the limit 16 years. This should have been stated in the report of the race but we were not aware of the alteration at the time. Second event, for youths u..der 21 years of age, J. Bradley, £1; Barrel swiming 'match, E. Manners, 7s 6d ; Diving match, T. Hall, £1; Walking greasy pole, Manners, 10s 6d ; j Swimming match for all commsra, T. McKee, J £2 2; Plank and Shovel race, Manners, 10s; Bradley, 5s ; Plank race, Manners. 5s. At the onclusion Mr A. F. Taylor complimented the Society and Committee upon tiie succees of the Regatta, and proposed a hearty vote of thanks. This was seconded by Mr Hood and carried. The balance ebeet showed receipts, including balance from last half year, £12 8s 7d, and after paying all expenses, there is a balance of £12 odd left in the Bank. Mr (Graves, who has for the past eight years been the teacher at Green's Plains East, resigned his charge at the end cf the year. Ever since his arrival in the district he has gained the esteem of the residents by his geueial disposition. Mr Graves will be missed from the district, as he was always one who eould be looked up to for friendly advice. He has also rendered valuable set vices on the Sabbath. Since the Re v. A Bucbannan left Mr. Graves has always willingly conducted service for the congregation. lu recognition of these and other services the reei dents"thought it would be but right to present Mr Graves with an ad-lress, and at the same time in a more substauii.-'l way assur» him of their gratitude. In pursuance of this a number of the residents met in Ute schoolroom. Mr T. Price was voted to the chair, and in appropriate terms thanked Mr Graves fc " his past kindness and on behalf of the people presented him with a purse of sovereigns and the following address, To MB Shapiand GRATES. Green's Plains East, December 27,1880. DEAB SIR, It is with sincere regtvi that we know .this is to be the eve of your departure from Green's Plains East, and we feel that it would be ungrate ful on our part did we not publicly thank you <or your kindness in conducting service on so many occasions for the residents attending the Congregational Church in this place. In addition to our aduiii'iition of your generosity iu this respect we must be allowed to say. that, in a more, social sense, we loss a friend whom we all respect, and esteem, by your prospective absence from amongst us, and we beg of you to accept this purse uf sovereigns as a' small token of our ?appreciation of your labour "in our mi 1st. In conclusion we wish you- and your' family, the blessing of God, ifl all your future undertakings. .Signed on behalf of the Subscribers, Thos. Price. James H. HosVing. James Train. John Re id. W. McMurray, Mr Graves, in returning*hanks, expressed his deep Benseofthe kindness and sympathy which had ever be<m shown tq him* since the Com» mencement of his labors eight years ago. He assured the kind friends that he would ever con tinue to feel a lively interest in their spiritu^ and temporal welfare. Ha also returned his heartfelt thanks for the unexpected and practical testimonial, eo generously presented to him on the eve of bis.departure from them. Mr Gravea b&> now settjed in Wallaroo, .-Wednesday's telegrams "announced an accident which had - happened to Hanlan the Canadian Sculler, Champion of the World. Thursday's tplegr^ms say :^=-£Janlan'a sprained am} is better, and has left no ill effect behind it. The Canadian champion is now in splendid form, and the odds freely offered are to 4 to I iu his favour. Pfe is practising regularly with Wallace Ross, the 2few Brunswick sculler who came in second to Laycock in the race for the Hop Bitters Company's prize. Layco^k is game, and still fancier tljat he will be able togain the victory in tlie forthcoming qjatch with Hunfyq." 