MOmvr OAMBIER. .. (S'ROIt OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT. 1 April 5. The election for the District of "Victoria is .bote ,over,and Messrs. Hawker and Glyde are .agon, members. .There was a good deal of talk > j about oppositioH,but -noone had tbe-hardi- ) hoodto put tbematter to the test of the ballotboz. It would take a .good man to beat either of the present members, and the Adelaide selection, the- humbugT."W. Boothby; -would not. haye had the ghost- of a chance. Boothby sent Up nomination papers, hoping to£»t them signed here,' but nobody would do so. The ! newly-elected members came to the nomination ^meeting after.the result.was made known, and 'handsomely thanked the electors for the compliment paid them. Afterwards they gave a chamiagnn luncheon to a larger party at the .Mount Gambler, Hotel, at.which jtis..needless to say the greatest good humor prevailed. Mr. -Hawker proposed the loyal toasts/ and the Mayor proposed, the mem deni.. They both promised to serve the country to the best of their ability, and to promote the welfare of the district they Were elected for. They have now left en route for Adelaide. The Town Hall war Is about to enter on a new phase. The Council being rather pigheaded and disposed if possible to defy the . ratepayers, the Committee chosen to represent the latter have decided to test the legality of the point in dispute in a law court. The case is down for hearing on Friday morning. The opposition seek to quash the proceedings already taken so as to commence de novo. A ratepayers' meeting Was- down "fbir to«night, but the Council have postponed it pending the result of the Court case. When or where this Unfortunate quarrel is to end nobody knows The new "MOrtnt Gambler Steamship Company has decided to reduos< the. passenger fares nearly one half, - There will be no reason now for people not taking a holiday and a trip.^ We had a Berirtjis fire on Wednesday night, the origin of Which is shrouded in mystei-y. About half-past eight the shutters of Mr, Boyd's drapery shop fell out on to the foot(>atU and it was seen that it-was in a blaze. Thera was a lot of people about at the time waiting for the delivery, of the mail, consequently " plenty of willing bands undertook to j help to put the tire out. An entrance Was | speedily obtained into the shop, and a good I supply .of water being available tbe fire was 1 snail mastered. It looked very dangerous at first, and great fears prevailed that it would spread. It Was confined tothe shop. AtwHifc ■ £1,500 worth of property wasf- destroyed or I damaged, which is covered- to this extent by ; insurance. Mr. Boyd and a I my assistant left { the shop some 20 minutes before the fire was ] discovered, and they say that everything was ' then safe to the best of their belief. .An inquest \- is to be held. ! The weather keeps warm and dry. A storm is now threatening, bnt it is feared it will pass over. Bain is anxiously looked for. 