BEFORE THE CURTAIN. — Of late Judy has complained so frequently of a most undesirable effluvia from Toby's coat consequent upon his dipping his nose once or twice into the Milburn Creek, that that faithful and sagacious attendant and participator in the joys and sorrows of the House of Punch has been despatched for a swim round the Harbour (calling in to cheer up the Venerable Jack, upon his way,) to purify himself, and as he (dear Boy !) although unique is not ubiquitous, he has naturally been unable to do his rounds 'mong the gay and festive scenes and is not now here to report progress. However, we must have patience — and, in point of fact shall have it with a big P, on the 'Royal' boards to-morrow (Saturday). The Bobbies under Sergeant Williamson ( not those who told Melville to ' move on ') have been disporting themselves among the ' Pirates ' as of yore, and delightful still is charming Maggie Moore. (No, hang it! none of those abominable rhymes. — Ed.) The 'Ghosts' having cleared out of the Victoria Hall (which, by-the-bye is just now unoc cupied) it is satisfactory to observe that ' Hamlet ' has popped in among the ' Gaiety ' people, and a crowd of choice spirits greeted him. The ' Royal Pardon ' has also been run most successfully under the management of Mr. Bayless, while this (Friday) evening and to-morrow, respectively, Mr. Dampier takes the role of 'Louis XI.' and ' Richard III.' Our old friend ' Uncle Tom,' who has been fetching the smiles and tears at the Opera House for a week or so, is now succeeded by the 'Slave's Revenge,' and everything is settled to the satisfaction of everybody. ' Mazeppa' has also drawn good houses at the 'Queen's,' and a successful concert came off in the ' Masonic ' on Monday. Wilson's admirable Circus continues to be a great attraction, nor is it remarkable when we notice frequent and good changes of programme with wonders upon wonders of eques- triennic and acrobatic achievements. It seems, however, that still greater wonders are in store for a gaping public ; we have not been able to ascertain precisely whether they have actually got the ' Cow' which 'jumped over the moon,' or whether one of the equine stud is to ' take' the roof of the tent, but if neither of those we are convinced that it's something else. And so the ' School of Arts' has gone in for the exclusive scientific and educational ! Well and good — all the more fun for the legitimate ' boards.' By the way, there's a chance for somebody at the Victoria Hall, adjoining this office ; it has been made quite a comfortable and roomy house, and is just now, vacant. 