Nobelist. A SKELETON IN THE CLOSET. BY MRS. E. D. E. N. SOUTHWORTH, Author of "The Hidden Hand," "The Deserted Wife," "Self-Made," &c;, &c.; CHAPTER LXXVIII.—(Continued.) "EASILY !" my dear ! Net Fleming paid us a flying visit on Saturday, bringing proof with her that will not only acquit our Valdimir, but will go far to convict Brandon Coyle, if that slippery young gentleman should ever be caught and brought to trial." "Net Fleming ! I know she is one of the witnesses for the defence. Where is she now ?" "On her way to Yockley, I presume." "If she came here on Saturday, why did she go back again, knowing that she must be here to-morrow, at farthest, for the defence ! Was it for the pleasure of travell- ing day and night all the time in the dead of winter ?" Lord Beaudevere laughed, but immediately remembered himself and grew very grave, as he replied : "No, for no eccentric enjoyment of that sort. She went back to spend as much time as possible with her cousin, Antoinette Deloraine, who, you know, is hopelessly ill." "But she wrote us that Antoinette was better," began Vivienne, and stopped short— being attested by the looks of Arielle, whose face had suddenly turned as white as marble. "What is the matter, my dear girl ? This certainly is no shock to you ! You were well aware of Miss Deloraine's condition," said Lord Beaudevere, while Miss Desparde gazed at her friend in speechless astonishment. "It— I— something that happened early this morning," answered Arielle, in a hesitat- ing tone. ''Something that happened this morn- ing?" inquired Lord Beaudevere. "Yes—quite early this Monday morning," stammered Arielle. "Nothing happened this morning," im- pulsively exclaimed Vivienne. "You—were—not up. You were—per- haps—not awake," faltered Arielle. "What was it, my love ?" inquired Lord Beaudevere, growing uneasy. "I— I— cannot tell you," answered Arielle. Then, to change the subject, she abruptly inquired : "When do you expect Net ?" "By the 7.30 a.m. train. I told them to come here, as I knew that they would not find rooms at any of the hotels in the heart of the town." '' 'Them !' 'they !'—whom do you mean, Beaue ? Who is coming with Net ?" in- queried Vivienne. "Her husband," replied the baron. "Oh !" exclaimed Vivienne. "He has returned, then," commented Arielle. And as neither of these young ladies had been aware of any estrangement between the young married pair, they expressed no surprise at the apparent reconciliation. "But, Arielle, what was it that happened this morning to disturb you ? What could have happened without my knowledge ?" inquired Vivienne, returning to the previous question. "I—it was something I saw a little after seven o'clock this morning," faltered the girl. "But what ?" "I cannot tell you. You would only laugh at me. I am tired. I am going to bed. Will you excuse me ? Good-night, Lord Beaudevere," said Arielle, rising and passing through the door between the parlour and the bed-chamber that was jointly occupied by herself and her companion. "What is it ? What do you suppose she saw ?" inquired Lord Beaudevere. Vivienne smiled and shook her head. "You have no idea ?" "None. She looked white and startled when I first saw her at our early break- fast, but, in answer to my questions, she persisted that there was nothing the matter ; so I ceased to catechise her, and attributed her agitation to anxiety in regard to the trial and excitement about her journey. Beau, I think I will follow her example and bid you good-night," said Vivienne, rising. The baron arose with his old-fashioned politeness, and opened the door for her, and she passed in to join Arielle. The latter had not yet retired ; but as soon as Vivienne entered, arose and rang the bell. A waiter soon answered the call. "I expect a lady friend by the early train tomorrow morning— Mrs. Adrian Fleming. As soon as she arrives I with you to send —someone, or to come yourself, to knock at our door, and wake us up. Do you hear ?" "Yes, my lady." "And mind you do not forget it ?" "No, my lady. Any more orders, my lady ?" "Not any. You may go," said Lady Arielle. The waiter bowed himself out. "I want Net Fleming as soon as ever she arrives. She must take off her wraps here, if she should be in a hurry, for I must, I must, I must know about Antoinette Deloraine as soon as possible," said Arielle, in feverish excitement. "You had better go to bed, my dear," was Vivienne's sage advice. Arielle eaneloded to follow it Having no lady's-maid with them, they helped each other to undress, and they were soon lying side by side, courting sleep that for a long time refused to close their senses in oblivion. From uneasy slumbers they were awakened in the morning by a loud rapping at their door. Vivienne started out of bed, threw on a dressing-gown, thrust her feet into slippers, and opened the door. The waiter to whom Lady Arielle had given orders on the night previous stood there, bobbing and touching his forehead. "Well, what is wanted ?" inquired Vivi- enne, half asleep. "If you please, ma'am, my lady directed me to rap and let her ladyship know as soon as Mrs. Fleming arrived," said the man. "Has Mrs. Fleming come, then ?" inquired Vivienne, rubbing her eyes. "Yes ma'am, please." "Then show her up here at once." "Yes, ma'am," replied the man, with another bob, as he left the door. Immediately after him came the chamber- maid with coal and kindlings to replenish the smouldering fire in the grate. In the meantime Vivienne turned to Arielle, who was slowly waking up. "Net has come, dear," she whispered, bending her lips down to Arielle's ear. "I I know it. I heard the man tell you, Vivienne !" exclaimed the young lady, looking up at her friend. "Yes, dear, what is it ?" "I want you to go into the dressing-room and dress first. I want to meet Net alone. Will you mind ?" "Not a bit, Arielle ! I will go now," said Vivienne, gathering up her clothes and leaving the bed-chamber. "There— that will do, my good girl. The fire is well enough. You may go now," said Lady Arielle, speaking to the chambermaid. The young woman gathered up her coal- hod, hearth-brush, and other belongings, and went out, passing Mrs. Fleming as that lady entered. "Oh, Net ! Oh, Net ! Come here !" ex- claimed Arielle, rising in the bed and hold- ing out her arms. "But I am all over railway dust. I shall turn your white gown black," smiled the traveller, as she approached. "Never mind ! Never mind ! I want to hug you, come !" exclaimed Arielle, im- patiently, extending her hands. "How were the children ?" inquired Net, when the embrace was given and returned. "Oh ! they were well and happy when I left them at the castle yesterday morning. But, oh ! Net, are you not half dead with your night journey ?" "No, indeed ; we had a compartment to ourselves, and I slept on the sofa all night. I feel quite fresh this morning, but for the railway dust," cheerfully replied the young traveller. "And you never could endure the least dust ! You dainty Net ! But that can soon be remedied. There is a bath-room at your service as soon as Vivienne comes out of it." "Vivienne ! She here !" cried Net. "Of course. She came with me. We could not stay at Miston while this trial is going on here. They tell me you can give evidence that will be sure to acquit and vindicate Valdimir." "Yes, I can." "And now," said Arielle, dropping her voice and changing her whole manner to one of mystery— "when did you leave Deloraine Park ?" "Yesterday morning, a few minutes after seven," answered Net. "How did you leave Antoinette ?" "Very much better." "When did you see her last ?" "A few minutea after seven. She sent for me while I was dressing to come to her room. As soon as I had taken a very hasty breakfast I went. She said she sent for me because she wanted me to see how much better she was that morning, so that I could go away in good spirits." "And that was the last you saw of her ?" "Not quite. I took leave of her then, and she turned her face to the wall and said she wanted to go to sleep. I went down stairs to the carriage that was waiting for me, but Mr. Fleming had not come down, and I missed my hand-bag, and remembering that I had left it in Antoinette's room, I went back after it and found it on the table. I took it up, and thought I would have another look, perhaps another word with my cousin. So I went to the bed ; but she was lying quite still, and when I bent down to look at her more closely she seemed fast asleep. So I crept out of the room for fear of waking her, and started on my journey." "And she was really better when you left her yesterday morning ?" "Very much better." "Thank Heaven !" fervently exclaimed Arielle. "But why do you ask all these particulars in such an anxious manner ?" inquired Net. "Oh ! I— I thought— I feared that some- thing had happened to her—that she was gone, in fact !" muttered Arielle, relapsing into her mysterious manner. "But why should you have feared that ?" inquired Net, in some surprise. "Oh my dear, I had such a strange ex- perience yesterday morning," whispered Arielle, fixing her eyes dilated with awe upon the face of her friend. "Experience ! What sort of experience ?" inquired Net. "Oh— it was— a dream— a vision— or I know not what. It terrified me beyond measure. If it had not been morning, and if my maid had not come into the room, I should have jumped out of bed and rushed in upon Vivienne as I once rushed in upon you, when I was frightened by the appari- tion of Kit Ken. You know I did see Kit Ken at my bed side at midnight—at the very hour, as it was afterwards shown, that poor Kit had been murdered in the railway carriage. You remember ?" Net nodded in a non-committal sort of way. Net had never seen an apparition, and did not believe in them. No amount of direct testimony or circumstantial evi- dence could have made that eminently practical little woman belief in super- natural apparitions. "You do remember my seeing the spirit of Kit Ken, do you not ? The very hour of her death, too ?" "I remember the incident," said Net. "Well, then," continued Arielle, dropping her voice and dilating her great blue eyes, "listen to me : Yesterday morning, at seven o'clock, I woke up without any one calling me. I knew it was seven because I heard the clock strike. It was dark at that hour, and there was no light in my room except from the wax taper on the mantelpiece and the smoulder- ing sea-coal fire in the grate. It was too early to rise, and I lay there, waiting for my maid, whom I had directed to call me at half- past seven, so that I could be ready to leave the castle for the Miston Station at nine. Net, I closed my eyes and tried to sleep again ; but while I was lying quite still, with my eyes shut, a pale, oval-shaped light appeared before me, and as I looked at it, or, rather, contemplated it through my closed eyelids, it grew brighter, until in the midst of it stood a form, from which, I perceived, radiated all the light that lit up the oval frame or back-ground. The features came out distinotly, and I recognised Antoinette Deloraine. I did not scream. I could not scream or move. Her eyes held mine— though mine were closed — her eyes held mine, I say, and calmed me to a perfect quiescence. She smiled, and murmured low— oh, so low— that I do not know now whether I really heard her voice or only perceived her thoughts. But she said : " 'Tell dear Net I am well now.' " "And the form vanished, and the light faded. With the return of my normal con- dition came a terrible fright. I should have sprung out of bed and roused the house perhaps, if just then the door had not opened, and Lacy had not entered. With the presence of another human being I recovered my self-control. Bat I felt per- suaded that something had happened to Antoinette," said Arielle, shuddering. "And now you see that nothing has happened to her, notwithstanding your dream," said Net, cheerfully. "No, thank Heaven !" replied Arielle. "At the very hour you dreamed of seeing her spirit she was calmly sleeping on her bed in her chamber at Deloraine Park, and I left her so—" Net was interrupted by a knock at the door. She herself went and opened it. "A telegram for Mrs. Fleming," said the voice of the waiter. "When did this come ?" inquired Net. "Yesterday afternoon, ma'am. It has been waiting in the office for you ever since," replied the waiter. Net closed the door and opened the tele- gram. Then she dropped down upon the nearest chair, with a face blanched to marble. The telegram was as follows : DELORAINE PARK, December the— , 12 o'clock M. DR. BEDE to MRS. ADRIAN FLEMING, White Bear Inn, Yockley, Cumberland :— Miss Deloraine died at 7.15 a.m. "What is it ? A telegram, did he say ? Does it relate to the witnesses for the trial ?" inquired Arielle, stepping out of bed to join her friend. "Why, Net, you are as white as a ghost ! What is it ?" "It is — a telegram from — Antoinette's medical attendant — Dr. Bede. She is— there has been — a change," stammered Net, with quivering lips and brimming eyes. "Antoinette has gone ! She has changed this world for the next. It was her spirit I saw !" exclaimed Arielle, in an awe-struck tone, but with a most positive manner. Net could not contradict her. "You will not go back this morning ?" said Arielle. "No, it would be of no use to her for me to go, since she is gone ; even if I were at liberty to do so, which I am not. I am subpoenaed as a witness on this trial, you know," gently replied Net. "Yes, and your evidence is of vital importance to Valdimir." "But, of course, I must return to Delor- aine Park just as soon as I am free to do so," replied Net, struggling hard to keep back the tears that sprang to her eyes. She had seen so much of death in her short life— her father, her mother, her step- father, her friends and relatives had dropped fast around her. In truth, Net needed all her Christian faith to support her spirit— needed every day to pray for faith and hope to sustain her wounded sad suffering love. At this moment Vivienne came out of the bath-room, dressed for the day. She greeted Net with a kiss, ascribed her pale face to the fatigue of her night's journey, and inquired how she had left An- toinette. Then they told her the truth. Vivienne was deeply shocked and grieved, though indeed she had been for some days past expecting to hear the sad news which had just reached them. The clock struck nine and warned the three young women that they must make them- selves ready to attend the court, which was to meet within an hour. Net Fleming withdrew to the room engaged for herself, to make her clean toilet for the breakfast-table and later for the witness-stand. Vivienne went into the parlour to communicate the news of Antoinette's death to Lord Beaudevere. Half an hour later-they all met around the board in Lady Arielle's private sitting-room, where the Flemings had been invited to join their friends at their morning meal. "I am very glad you have come, Fleming," said the baron, cheerfully ; "for I was rather embarrassed with the presence of these two young ladies. Not expecting to find them here, I had promised Valdimir to go with him to the court, and but for your timely arrival I should have had to disappoint him, and I should not like to have done that, I assure you. Now, however, you can take charge of these girls and leave me to attend my kinsman." "I shall be most happy to be useful," replied Mr. Fleming, with a grave bow, for he was still very much affected by the news of Antoinette Deloraine's departure. "You will have to get a second carriage, and, mind, drive to the Orchard-street entrance, were I will take you all up through the sheriff's office to seats near the beach," concluded the baron, as they arose from the table. The young ladies retired to put on their bonnets and the gentlemen went down to see to the carriages, that they might be well aired and comfortable— for the day was a raw, damp, cold one. A few minutes later two carriages were drawn up before the door. Beaue, with courtly grace, put the three young ladies in one of them, and, turning, said to Mr. Fleming : "You had better drive at once to the Guild Hall. Enter by the Orchard-street gate, as I advised you, and wait at the rear door until I come up. I have to go first to the prison ; but it is not far, and I shall not be more than ten or fifteen minutes behind you." Fleming bowed, entered the carriage, and seated himself beside Net. The baron entered the second carriage. And then both vehicles drove out of the inn yard and separated, the one taking its way to the prison, the other to the court- house. The distance to the prison was very short. Lord Beaudevere found his kinsman and the sheriff already down in the hall on the ground floor, waiting for him. Immediately after the morning saluta- tions they all three entered the carriage to drive to the Guild Hall. As they went on, the baron delighted his young kinsman with the news that his sister and his betrothed had arrived in town. CHAPTER LXXIX. THE VERDICT. The carriage containing Lady Arielle Montjoie, Mr. and Mrs. Fleming, and Miss Desparde was the first to reach the hall. They entered by the Orchard-street gate, drove into the rear yard and drew up before the back entrance, where they waited for about ten minutes, before tbe other carriages bringing Lard Beaudevere, Mr. Desparde, and the sheriff arrived. Then Lord Beaudevere whispered to his kinsman : "Valdimir, you had better not stop to speak to the girls at present. To do so would only upset them and perhaps yourself. Get out and go in with Mr. Temple, and I will see to them." "I think you are right," answered Mr. Desparde, as, at a signal from the sheriff, he alighted and followed that officer into the court-house. Lord Beaudevere got out and went to the other carriage, and assisted the young ladies to descend. "Where is Valdimir ? Why did he not speak to us ?" demanded Vivienne, glancing around in all directions in search of her brother. "He has gone up into court, Vivienne. It was not well that he should have stopped to speak to you now. You will see him with more satisfaction after the court shall have adjourned this afternoon. Wait patiently for that, my dears," said the baron, addressing equally his young cousin Vivienne and his youthful ward, Lady Arielle Montjoie, who was also an interested listener. Then he gave his arm to the last-men- tioned lady and led her into the hall, fol- lowed by the other members of the party. They went up-stairs, through the sheriff's office and thence into the court-room by the rear door that opened on the left of the bench. The courtroom was, if possible, even more crowded than it had been on the preceding day, the first of the trial. The three ladies were accommodated with seats near the table at which sat Valdimir Desparde and his counsel, and the two gentlemen had standing room in their proximity. Before them, but a little to the right, was the bench of judges — the presiding judge— Chief Baron Belair, and two asso- ciate judges, one on each side. Below the bench, at a long table, or desk, railed off at the top, sat the clerks of the court, the clerk of arraigns, the counsel for the crown, and some other officials. On a long benoh below these, and facing the judges, sat the witnesses called to the trial. On the extreme left was the jury-box, containing the 'twelve good men and true' who were the arbiters of fate. Below, filling up all the space to the doors, was the crowd of spectators — a sea of heads. Mr. Stair, the senior counsel for the prisoner, was already on his feet, opening the case for the defence. He was a tall, fair-haired man of middle age and intellectual countenance. He began by giving a slight sketch of his client, whom he said was well known to most persons present, and well beloved and esteemed by all who knew him. He spoke of Valdimir Desparde's inherited nobility of character, no less than of race and of rank, and of the absurdity of associating the idea of crime with him. He then told the story of Valdimir Desparde's movements from the moment of his landing at Southampton on that fatal day of December to the moment of his arrest at Miston, and proposed to account for every instant of his time during that interval, and to prove by a host of competent witnesses that it was utterly impossible for him to have been the murderer of Chrlstelle Ken, or to have been anywhere new the scene of the murder at the time of its perpetration. He next told the story of the murder as he held and proposed to prove, that it had oocurred, and to support this theory he called— "Mrs. Antoinette Fleming." Net came forward and took the stand ; and being duly sworn, she testified that the deceased, Christelle Ken, had been well known to her for several years. And then, in answer to the questions of the counsel, she gave a full and particular history of poor Kit's acquaintance with Brandon Coyle and the circumstances that led her to the suspicion that Kit had been abducted or persuaded away by him ; and then was offered the posthumous letter of poor Kit in evidence. It was read and it made a very great impression on all who heard it. Then was offered the letter of Mrs. Perkins, which was also read with scarcely less effect. Net was but lightly cross-examined by the counsel for the crown. "Have you ever seen the prisoner at the bar in company with the deceased ?" "Never," answered Net. "Have you any reason to believe that he had been intimate with her ?" "None whatever ! I do not think Mr. Desparde even knew the girl Kit Ken, either by name or by sight." "Had the deceased other followers ?" "None whatever ; not one, except Brandon Coyle." The direct examination waa then resumed, and Net told of Kit's former letter submitted to her by Lady Arielle Montjoie, and of the scene at the reading of the late Earl of Altofaire's will. She was then allowed to retire, and the next witness was called. "Mrs. Martha Curry." This was the housekeeper at Castle Montjoie— a little, dark-skinned, black- eyed woman of about fifty years of age. She corroborated the testimony of the last witness in regard to the scene in the dining-room at Castle Montjoie on the reading of the late earl's will. She also described the rage of Coyle, and his threats of vengeance against Kit Ken. This scene occurred, she said, on the — of December — the day before the murder. Tobias Curry, husband of the last wit- ness, and butler at Castle Moujoie, cor- roborated the testimony of his wife. "Mrs. Prudence Perkins" was next called. This woman, it will be remembered, was the landlady of the lodging-house in Church Lane, Chelsea. She was shown the photographs of Brandon Coyle and Kit Ken, and she identified them as portraits of her two lodgers, whom she had known as Mr. and Mrs. Coyle. She gave a narrative of their arrival and sojourn at her house, and of their de- parture on the afternoon of the — day of December, preceding the night of the murder. On being shown the letter purporting to have been written by herself to Mrs. Fleming, she identified it as her own. She identified the enclosed letter as the one entrusted to her by poor Kit to be sent to Mrs. Fleming in the event already men- tioned. She also testified to the suspicion and anxiety that troubled the poor girl lest her "husband" should do her a mischief on the journey, though her fears pointed rather to being betrayed into a private mad- house than to murder. Mrs. Perkins' testimony suffered nothing in the cross- examination that followed. "Mary Mossop !" The maid-of-all-work at the Church Lane lodging-house took the stand, corroborated the last witness's testimony, and identified the photographs as likenesses of her mistress's lodgers, Mr. and Mrs. Coyle. "John Nott !" The cabman from Chelsea took the stand and testified to having driven Mr. and Mrs. Coyle from Church Lane to Paddington Station on the afternoon of the — day of December, and to having been present when Mr. Coyle engaged the middle compartment of carriage 2, B, on the London and North- western train for himself and his wife, and to having seen them both get into it just before the train started. Being shown the two photographs, he identified them as the portraits of the parties he had, on the afternoon of the — day of December, taken from Church Lane to Pad- dington and seen enter the reserved compart- ment in carriage 2, B, and who were known to him as Mr. and Mrs. Coyle. He was slightly cross-examined without effect, and then permitted to withdraw. "Charles Smithers !" This witness was the ticket agent at Pad- dington. He swore to having been on duty at the window at the Paddington Station on the — of December, and to having sold tiokets for a reserved compartment in railway carriage 2, B, on the London and North-western rail- way train that left the station at four p.m. "Witness, look at the prisoner at the bar," said the senior counsel for the defence. Smithers turned and stared at Mr. Des- parde, who smiled in his faoe. "Was the prisoner at the bar the party to whom you sold the reserved compartment ?" "No, sir ; he was not. I never saw the prisoner before in my life," replied Smithers. "Very well. Now look at these photo- graphs. Did you ever see the originals of them before ?" inquired Counsellor Stair, passing the cards of Coyle and Kit Ken to the man, who took and looked at them atten- tively, and then replied : "Yes, sir. These are the likenesses of the man and woman who took the reserved com- partment of carriage 2, B, on the London and North-western Railroad on the afternoon of that — day of December." The witness was more closely questioned, but his testimony only established beyond all doubt that it was Brandon Coyle, and not Valdimir Desparde, who engaged the re- served compartment on the train in which his companion was afterwards a few hours later found murdered. "John Gretterex !" A portly, red-faced man of about forty years of age took the stand, and testified to knowing Mr. Brandon Coyle by sight and by name, and to having seen him leave the middle compartment of railway carriage, 2, B, at midnight, December the — , at the Grand Junction Station, and having seen him get upon the train for Southampton. "John Kent !" was next called. This witness testified that he knew Mr. Brandon Coyle, and that he travelled with him from the Grand Junction to South- ampton on the early morning of December the — , and afterwards saw him embark on a steamer — the Montana — for New York. "Michael M'Dermott !" A ruddy-faced, young, Irish gentleman took the stand and testified to having ridden in the same carriage with Mr. Valdimir Desparde from Southampton to Peter- borough on the — day of December, instant. "Alexander M'Quilligan !" A tall, gaunt, sanguine-hued and red- haired Scotchman, took the stand and testified to having ridden in the same carriage with the prisoner at the bar, on the train from Peterborough to the Grand Junction, where he got off, on the night of December — . This was the last witness examined for the defence. There was no rebutting testimony intro- duced. Mr. Turner reviewed the evidence and claimed that the defence had disproved all the charges of the crown and had proved the innocence of their client. The Lord Chief Baron Belair summed up very briefly, saying that so clear a case needed no elucidation from him, and that he could safely leave it as the testimony left it—in the hands of an intelligent and impartial jury. The jury consulted in their box, and, without leaving the court-room, returned a verdict of — "NOT GUILTY !" This verdict was received with acclama- tions. Friends and acquaintances came around the vindicated man with warm congratula- tions. The crowd in the court-room raised a shout that seemed to threaten to lift the roof. The news spread outside, and the hurrahs of the assembled multitude rent the air. The officers of the court did not attempt to preserve order on this occasion. The judges came down from the bench and shook hands with Mr. Desparde and his immediate friends. So also did the queen's counsel, Parker, and his assistants. And through all this the shouts and hurrahs of the people rose to heaven. Never in this world was there a more triumphant vindication. CHAPTER LXXX. VICTORY. WHEN the judges and the officers of the law had withdrawn, and the huzzas of the crowd, inside and outside the court-house, had subsided, Valdimir Desparde and his friends retired through the sheriff's room and down the rear stairs to the Orchard street entrance, where the two carriages awaited them. During the excitement in the court-room he found no opportunity, of approaching his betrothed or her companions, though he was most impatient to do so. Lord Beaudevere then whispered to him : "I will take Arielle down-stairs and put her in the carriage. You can join her there, and no one else shall intrude upon you. I will go with Vivienne and the Flemings in the other carriage." Valdimir pressed his hand in silent acquieseenoe, and then the baron led Lady Arielle out of the still densely-crowded court-room and down-stairs to the back entrance, and put her into one of the carriages, whispering, as he closed the door : "Valdimir will join you here in a very few moments." And almost as he spoke Valdimir Desparde came up. Lord Beaudevere, with a smile, gave way, and the yonng man entered the carnage and seated himself beside his betrothed. Lord Beaudevere gave the coachman his orders to drive to the White Bear Inn, and then went to join the other members of his party who were seated in the other vehicle. Both carriages started, that of the young lovers taking the precedence. As soon as the betrothed pair found them- selves alone together, Valdimir lilted the hand of Arielle and pressed it warmly to his lips and to his heart. Tears of joy stood in his eyes. Neither could speak, but their silence was more eloquent than any words could have been. As the carriage rolled out of the Orchard- street gate loud huzzas greeted it. By some unaccountable means the crowd outside the building had become acquainted with the fact that the acquitted and vindi- cated man would leave Guild Hall by the Orchard-street egress, and had surged around to that point to meet and cheer him. "Three cheers for Mr. Valdimir Des- parde !" called out a single voice. And in response a chorus of a thousand voices sent up a huzza that was enough to have cleared the heavens of the overhanging clouds. "Now then ! Three times three for Mr. Valdimir Desparde !" cried the same voice as soon as silence supervened, and again the chorus sent up a shout that thundered over the town and was echoed and re-echoed from the surrounding hills. A second time the shout arose and reverberated through town and country. A third time, also, and then the storm of joy and congratulations subsided into silence. All this time the carriages had been at a standstill, stopped by the crowd— the fore- most carriage, containing Valdimir and Arielle just outside of the gate ; the hindmost, containing Lord Beaudevere, Miss Desparde, and the Flemings, just within the gate. Now Mr. Desparde looked out of the win- dow, bowed and thanked the people for their hearty sympathy, and then the crowd parted in the middle and fell back to the right and left, making way for the carriages to pass. The first carriage, when the re-united lovers now sat with clasped hands, saying but little to each other, feeling too deeply, too profoundly happy for speech, passed rapidly on towards its destination. The second carriage being more heavily laden, progressed more slowly ; but the inmates scarcely talked more than did the lovers. They were wearied with excitement, and, if the truth must be told, also with fasting. They had not broken their fast since the early morning, and now it was near night. Vivienne was the first to speak. "Beaue !" she exclaimed, "do you know that brother of mine has not spoken to me since the verdict ?" "Well, my dear, he could not ! He could not have spoken to his betrothed if I had not put him in the carriage with her. We did not want to create a sentimental family scene for the edification of all outsiders did we ?" "I never thought of the outsiders," answered Vivienne. "I wanted to speak to my brother." "Well, dear, we will soon be at the inn, where, in the seclusion of our private apart- ments, we can talk as much, and as much nonsense, as we please," laughed the baron. "I hope they will give us dinner very soon ! I was never so near being famished in all my life ! I shall have more real, intelligent sympathy for the poor than I ever had in my life, Beaue. I know now what the pangs of hunger are. I shall put half a guinea in the poor-box where I used to put only half a crown. Can we have dinner as soon as we arrive, do you think ?" "I presume so, if we are willing to put up with what they have got ready ?" answered the baron. "You should have ordered dinner before we left this morning, Beaue. You are negligent. You shall never be my house- steward, so you need not ever apply for the situation." "I won't," said the baron. "But why did you not order a good dinner ?" demanded Vivienne. "Because I did not know when the court would adjourn ; it might at six, or it might sit till midnight, this last day of the trial. How could I tell ? But be at ease. We shall find something to eat when we get to the Inn. And, Fleming, I hope you and Mrs. Fleming will dine with us," added the baron, turning to the young couple, who were seated opposite to himself and his ward. Adrian looked at his wife, and she read his expression and answered for both : "We shall be happy to do so." "When do you go back to Deloraine Park, my dear ?" inquired the baron of Net. "To-morrow morning," answered the latter. "We have missed the last train for to-day. There is no other stops here until the morning." "You go by the earliest train, of course ?" "Yes, by the eight a.m." "So do we. We can then all travel together as far as the Miston Branch Junction, where we must separate, of course. Ah ! I am sorry for that poor, young lady — very sorry ! though until this hour I have not had leisure to think of her, much less to speak of her. The wise proverb declares that 'in the midst of life we are in death.' It is equally true that often in the midst of joy we are in grief. We rejoice in the acquittal and the triumph and vindication of Valdimir, and in the same hour, with the same breath, grieve at tbe untimely depar- ture of Antoinette, taken off in the bloom of her youth and beauty ! How is it that the quaint old poet Fountain puts it ? Let me see ! It is something like this : 'When our sails Are filled with happiest winds, then we most need Some heaviness to ballast us.' Here we are at the inn. I don't see the other carriage ; but it was half a mile before us, so I suppose it has arrived and Valdimir and Arielle have gone into the house," said the baron, as his vehicle drew up and stopped. Then he opened the door and got down, and assisted the two young ladies to alight. It turned out as the baron had prevised. Valdimir and Arielle had returned a quarter of an hour before. Arielle had already laid off her hat and mantle, and was seated on a short, hard, horse-hair sola, in the parlour, with Valdimir by her side. After a few pleasant words, Lord Beau- devere drew Adrian Fleming's arm within his own and took him out, ostensibly to see the landlord in person as to the condition of his larder, but really to leave the lovers to themselves for a little while ; for Vivienne and Net had already gone to their chambers to lay off their hats and coats. Only "for a little while" could the one private parlour in the crowded inn be left to the young lovers. Very soon they were disturbed by the entrance of the waiter to lay the cloth for dinner. When he went out the two young ladies, Net and Vivienne, came in. Then, for the first time since the verdict, the brother and sister met, and embraced with so much emotion that scarcely an articulate word could be uttered between them. Vivienne presented her brother to Net Fleming, whom he had not seen since his arrival in the country Mutual and hearty congratulations passed between them. Net expressed her joy in his triumphal vindication, which she declared to be equal to a public ovation. Valdimir returned thanks and wished her much joy in her married life. "And to think," he added, in his total ignorance of the circumstances of that marriage, "to think that Sly Boots, Adrian Fleming, never told me a word about it when we met in New York, never even dropped a hint of it !" "Did he not, really ?" inquired Vivienne, striking into the conversation. "No, he did not 'really !' I wonder why he did not !" exclaimed Valdimir. "I should think you might guess the reason. He might have felt a delicacy in parading his happiness before you, under your circumstances, Valdimir," answered his sister. "True, he 'might have felt so,' answered Mr. Desparde, with an incredulous smile, for he had no great faith in young Fleming's delicacy of sentiment. At this moment the gentleman of whom they were speaking entered the room. More congratulations followed, with more or less sincerity, between Messrs. Desparde and Fleming. People in society must be conventional or die. "Why did you not tell me of your good fortune when we met in New York ?" in- quired Valdimir. "I did not think it would be kind to do so. 'Comparisons are odorous,' as Mrs. Partington, or some other wise American woman, says,' replied Adrian, coolly. "Ah ! that was the reason, was it ? My sister told me so, but I thought she was mistaken," laughed Valdimir. "My friend," said Adrian, very solemnly, "since you have no mother, always take heed to what your sister says. It will save you the trouble of thinking for yourself—to do which might life a burden to you." The entrance of the baron, almost immedi- ately followed by that of the waiter, pre- vented the retort courteous that arose upon the lips of Valdimir Desparde. Dinner was served, and six of the hungriest people in the town sat down to one of the best repasts ever laid there. And they lingered long over its three courses, and longer over the dessert. It was ten o'clock before the last cloth was drawn and the coffee served. While they were sipping this fragrant beverage the voice of the indefatigable and ubiquitous newsboy was heard under the windows yelling : " 'Ere's yer Evening Noose— full account of the trial— Muster Valable Despatch, and werdick for the 'cused. 'Ere's yer—" Lord Beaudevere arose and rang the bell. "Evening Noose— Great eggs-sitement of the poplaress— Tuk the—" A waiter entered in answer to the bell. "Go down and bring me a paper, and send that boy to cry his wares in some other locality," said the baron. The man plucked his hair and disappeared. "Egg-sited poplaress — tuk hosses from the carridge and pulled it themselves in triumph ! — 'Era's —" The newsboy's clamour suddenly ceased, and a few moments later the waiter entered the room with the paper and handed it to the baron. Lord Beaudevere glanced at the headings of the last "edition," and exclaimed : "What an exaggeration ! Why, Valdimir, they have got it here that your horses were taken off and your carriage was drawn through the streets by relays of men, followed by a multitude of citizens. Ha ! what is this ? Here is news !" exclaimed the baron, as his eyes glanced to other parts of the paper. "What is it ?" inquired Valdimir Desparde. "I will read it," answered Lord Beau- devere ; and he began as follows : "THE ASSASSIN OF CHRISTELLE KEN." "There is not a shadow of a doubt on the minds of any who heard the evidence on the trial of Mr. Valdimir Desparde (whose honour has been vindicated amid such thunders of applause as never yet attended the acquittal of any person) that the murderer of poor Christelle Ken was no other than Brandon Coyle, of Caveland, Miston. Some dark stories have been afloat in regard to that gentleman, by which it appears that homicidal mania may be hereditary in his family. An officer armed with the necessary warrants has gone down to Liverpool, and sail tomorrow morn- ing for New York in quest of Mr. Brandon Coyle, who has escaped to the United States, but it is hoped will be found and brought back under the extradition treaty to answer for the crime for which Mr. Desparde has been so unjustly accused, and of which he has been so triumphantly acquitted." "There, that's it ! They are prompt. They lose no time— these officers. But I am grieved for Coyle—my poor old neigh- bour. Ah ! he hatched a couple of cocka- trices' eggs when he took those two Simses to his home !" sighed the baron. "But poor Aspirita is not to blame for all this," said Net, in a tone of compassion. "Humph !" muttered the baron, dryly. "She is too much like her brother in every- thing to engage my sympathies. You do not know, perhaps, my dear, that she was his confederate in the transmission of those forged letters that deceived and misled both Valdimir and Arielle, and but for providen- tial agencies would have resulted in sever- ing them for ever." "I knew of the letter purporting to come from Mr. Desparde to Mr. Coyle, giving a misalliance as the motive of his sudden journey to New York, but I thought that Aspirita herself must have been also de- ceived when she inclosed it to Arielle," re- plied Net. (To be continued.) 