A HEART STRUGGLE. A Tale in Two Park.— Past Second. Continued from our last.) "My fother. shall kiipw all," Isai d to myrolf, wheh-ttre'fireft agony of grief was over. Bat when we met at the breakfast- table next morning, courage failed me.r yl knew my father's violent disposition at "too well to venture farther in the course which' I had marked oat Eur. myself. A storm in a teacup, thanks to my mother's docility and my father's temper, was s storm indeed. Thaquiet submission of the lady of the household only served to aggravate the violence of its lord, when his hot blood was -aroused. No, the secret that stirred in my heart like a snake, most be hidden yet a while. I would take time to think and act. Disguise it as I might from my own heart, I loved the minister, and 1 loved him none the lesa because I pitied his unfortunate brother ; I was in a painful dilemma. Apart from the circumstances which made a connection with Mr. Macbraith unBlial, I could not help feel ing that I was staking my happiness on a dangerous hazard. A gloomy morbid cloud, unfavourable to the growth of do mestic happiness, and fatal, to. a woman's peace, hnng about the lives of the two men with whom Z had become so sudden ly and strangely associated. I feared the minister in his dark moodB more than 1 feared his brother in his wild moods. He was high- principled, bat headstrong and passionate ; and I fancied that he loved me more than he dared or cared to confess. With my father, so far as his position in relation to Mr. .Macbraith was con cerned, I had little sympathy. I never for a moment doubted the truth of the dark story I had heard that night in the Manse. I did not venture out of doom for some days, for I felt quite worn ont with anxiety. My brain was overwrought, my heart ached. Tflp gloomy fretfol clond on the face of my mother, who dared not expose my position, provoked and tor tured me ; when oar eyes met, there was cunning in mine and spleenful reproach in hers. The first day I ventured out of doom, I wandered involuntarily over the marshes to Bab Gibson's Dyke. It was a gloomy morning ; the sky was dark and cloudy and' threatened rain. The marshy ground was covered by a thin yellow mist, in the midst of which one stray sickly sunbeam went and came fit fully. Close by the Dyke, I came sud denly npon the minister. - He was paring up and down, with a book in Ms hand ; but I could see that his thoughts did not follow the printed page. When he ' glanced np and eaw me, the blood on his stern face flushed from red-heat to white- heat. I recoiled, half frightened, with a beating heart. He closed his boric \- quietly and came towards me. " I have been wailing for yon," he ex claimed quietly. " Waiting for me, air,'' I murmured, with an appealing look. " Yes, madam . I knew you must venture out sooner or later, and I was sure instinct wonld lead you to this spot. . I have consequently made this place my slndy for the last few mornings." I stood still, very pale, with my eyes bent upon the ground, and returned no answer. " 1 desire, madam, to apologise for my brother's violence, and for my own words spoken in the heat of passion." He spoke bitterly, not humbly, and there was a sneer on bis face, as he spoke. I felt roused. " Your brother," I said, " is dangerous and ought not to be Buffered to go at large." He frowned grimly. He looked very strange in bis large eccentric cloak and Guy-Fawkes hat ; he seemed like some ghost of a time and a society long before departed. " Miss Jessie Haymah, my brother is dearer to me than life itself, and 1 have sworn to do my duty by him. Whilst I am able to protect him, he shall never enter an asylum. Shall I add, that you ehould be the last woman in the world to make snch a proposal." " Spare your taunts, Mr. Macbraith. If the account you gave me be true — " " If it be true !" be cried fiercely. ' Do you doubt it ? Look into your father's face, as you tell Mm what I have told you, and then doubt it. Enongb of; this. Yon have been pnt to unnecessary pain ; bnt we also have suffered. Good morning. I have arid all I came to say, and will now leave you." He turned on his heel and moved away. My blood rushed up hotly to my face and ears, my head swam. I felt wild and reckless in my passion. I would sacrifice alitor this dark, moody man, who towered "So far above me by virtue of bis stem strength. " Mr. Macbraith 1" I cried unaware. ' He turned with a softer look, half pity, half surprise. ' - " Have yon a heart % Have yon any pity ? Can yon perceive the bitterness of my position f" "I have pity, Miss Jessie ; and I pity- yon. God forgive me 1" The man . was a mystery to me. His outer mood changed from storm to calm, , as if. obeying the motions of an uncon trollable souL- As he spoke, his dark face looked inexpressibly beautiful in" its softening .charity. , Could he, then,- be wicked and desperate J The soft look conquered me, and I burst into tears. He " Ve live ui a hard world younglady," he said gently j " and blessed are those tiutreablejto weepr -There is no eotr6 w without sin ; and sin -scorches the sweet tears out of us, Farewell !" " Stop 1" I cried hysterically. He turned with a strange look of wonder, and made a sudden step towards me. Joy, like 5> sunbeam, fell lumioonely on bis I Vj M Jje cmght me in his wW»cry. ''I thought so j I hoped so," he ex claimed, clasping me in his strong anna. "It is enough. God forgive me if l sin, dear girl ; but I'have uotcouragelogive you up. I em a coward, I say ; but for your sake, JeeaTriO ramifies ril." . . I shuddered, in spite of inysMS s| tire ' «infe«gm I liflA made in nky fliatroBflt. I was blind with leara rri l Btruggled. ?0 escape from his embrace. : "Letme go," I criefl;"if youlove ' mvktWjE; IwwsfliWf" . V . fjesrip In an instant he released ma Drawing back a few feet, he stood looking at me calmly and quietly. But I did not move from the spot. Sadly and nervonsly I returned his gaze. He approached with bent head, and took my hand. " Do you, then, wish to recall the words spoken to me a few momenta. ago?" I made no reply. " I insist npon an auBwer," he cried. "Were yon trifling with met" " I was not," I answered firmly, com pressing my teeth and lips to keep my courage np. "ThankB, thanks ! X am to believe that yon love me, Jessie f" " Yes." "Perhaps I err in thanking Heaven that it is so. I do err, if the love I bear yon be a sinful one ; bnt let ns pray that it is not so. What if Fate were to; accomplish her ends by your means, and to accomplish them gently !" I bowed my head end said nothing. His eyes were fixed on mine with a strange fascinating gaze. "And you will many me, Jessie? You vrill be mine, dear girl, will yon not t" I trembled in spite of myself ; for I saw my father's wrothfnl face, and heard my mother's chiding voice. Whither did my duty urge me t and would either path lead to peace and happiness f" " Yon hesitate," he exclaimed, watch ing me keenly. " I perceive your doubts, and they are important ones. Yet, be assured, your marriage with me may or may not cause unpleasantness at first ; but it will eventually produce much good. Remember, Jessie, that by marrying ihe you may atone for great and fearful crime 1" " Do not name it 1" I cried, with a shudder. "I vrill not You will marry me sooner or later, Jessie V Sooner or later, yea." He caught me in Ms anna, and, pressing me closely to Ms-bosom, fussed me tenderly. The morning grew darker and darker around ns as he took my arm, and we ymlked slowly side by side by the path over Ihe marshes. There was' a storm brewing; bnt we thought only .of' the storm within, and heeded not. Side by side we walked under the clouds and through the mists. His face was turned to mine, and it wore aglow that might have been trinmph and might have been affection ; bnt in the eyes a deep indescribable tenderness, or such it seemed to be, lingered — lingered like the soft halo ronnd a star when it is fading. Both were silent. Our thoughts were too terribly beautiful for utterance. My pulses throbbed thickly with pain and fear that were almost happiness. I could have died for the lore of that man, if need be, then and them Hie growing clouds, the floating mists, the silver glamour around the far-distant moun tains, the solitude of the manshes, were portions of a strange dream, in which I seemed to lose all consciousness of indi vidual bring. Never before, had I expe rienced such profound emotion. Yet never, I believe, was my emotion less apparent. We went into no visible raptures ; we made no ostentatious display of our love for one another. Our souls mingled in the : dreadful silence of their hope. This silence was at last broken by the minis ter. "Jessie," he eaid with a sad smile,- drawing me close to him, and loooking ' bravely into my eyes, — " Jessie, does it occur to you that onra is a strange wooing?" I looked into Ms face inquiringly. "For myself," he continued, "I am unaccustomed to strong demonstrations ; bnt I am seventeen years older than you, dear girl, and that fact may account for my seeming apathy. To yon, however, who are young and ignorant of the World, I most seem sadly cold aad dulL Tell me, Jessie;, are you not a little romantic 1" " Not at all," was the reply. But he looked incrednlons. "That you are not a novel-reader I am already aware ; and I am also aware that you are free from those foolish heroic notions which so often mislead young women. Perhaps " you interpreted my question too narrowly. Your romance, if yon have any, only assumes a sacrificial form. Perhaps yon have exaggerated notions as to the self-sacrifice and resig nation necessary to your sex?" " I think not, Richard." He started, colouring slightly. It was the first time that I had ventured to call him by his Clnistian name.: He. imme diately recovered himself, and gave a ghliaugh. , "Dout think me rode," he observed. " It is the first time since I was a boy that a womah has called me by my Christian, name, end the word sounded odd in' my ear. You are right, Jessie ; you only exert your privilege." " Does the freedom offend yon ?" I asked, with timid coldness. "No 1" heyxclaimed, with a buret of j?/,. : , - , X The gleam passed from hie face, and he fell into a reverie, from which J, myr self full of matter for reflection, did not venture to disturb him. - But the clouds increased and darkened, and I at last said, "Let as turn now, or they will miss meat home." ,r , : He turned without a word. " We shall have a storm soon," he observed, calmly looking np, after a pause. As he epoke, there was a far-distant sound of harsh voices above us, and the air seemed to vibrate with the echo. We .hurried on. There was a bright broad flash, which almost blinded uB;.anda minute afterwards the thunder groaned terribly, like one eTthe fallen Titans in pain.. He stopped me suddenly. I "St arm, storm t" he said, in a deep low voice. "That has bsen my life ever since I can remember ; bnt yonder clouds throw secure darkness over my love for you, and harmonise with the beatings of my -faeart. Or are tiny, as I fear, a threat — a warning! Do I rin in loving one who, by . virtue of her birth, ie part of my brother's wrong! Do 1 forfeit my "doty to my brother by loving .yon t Jessie, Jessie; answer,— is it so I" . . « Richard 1" X exclaimed imploringly. ' He pressed Ma lipa dose to mine, and kissed me passionately. ?i;love- yqn, I foye you," bn :mnr- mnredwithout Msttsnsl sternness. "Tf yon indeed lore Riekiud,— If Jtro lora-nw -aa you say,— -why this dreadfrd' etrnggle 5 3s it oof written thatlove is «U-Buffidenl;that jtheals ril wonnd tiiat ituall in all to each,— holy, holy! Ob, Richard idear, if you few roe, think toattowferc is oeacred trust that Heaven has given yon ; donbt I it not, doubt it not, and all will be well. True, true love is always right ; it cannot err, it cannot stain or injure any one of God's creatures." As I finished the sentence a flash of lightning lit np our faces, and both, I felt, were fall of truthful lova I was violently agitated. Had I spoken like a selfish woman, or like a heroine ? Enough that be was satisfied ; for brightness lingered oh his face, even 'when the lightning-flash had died away. "Yon are wiser and better than I- Blessings npon your true heart, my darling 1 Pity me, comfort me. I am a minister of the Gospel ; but there is a darkness on me. Be my teacher." "Richard !" Again that trembling appealing cry, which sprang out of the yearning of my heart. " I am only a poor weak girl ; bnt, oh, I love yon dearly ; and, for better for worae, I will be yonr true and constant wife." The joy of that moment ? We forgot the lightning and the thunder, the fierce paraphernalia of the son!, and stood gazing at each other in our great and strange love, — a love that was never, never to die, even when " death did ns part" " Jessie," he cried, " it would be glorious to die now 1" The lightning sprang ont from heaven like a fiery sword, rebuking him. We now hurried on. " To die," I said, " is less noble than to live If we have loads to bear, Richard, love will give as strength to endure ; bat let ns not -yield till we are crashed by a load thatit is beyond our power to carry further." We were now in the immediate neigh bourhood of oar house ; I trembled, not at the storm. " Are yon afraid, dear girl," said the minister, tenderly. " Nay, .be assured by yonr own sweet philosophy. Love defies all elements, and is its own talisman against all earthly ills." Bnt fhe-rionds now broke, and the rainfell down in torrents, drenching ns to the skin in n moment, and patting an abrhpt con clarion to the passionate poet ical speech. -'With' Ihe gallantry of a younger man, and, in spite of my remonstrances, he took off his great cloak and flung it over my. shonldera. I begged him to proceed with me no farther ; bat he was excited, and paid no attention to my remonstrances. We harried along, side by side, and at last we halted before my father's gate. We were concealed from the eyes of any inmates of the house by the thick trees in the garden. He hnrriedly. pressed Ms lips to mine, and mnrmnred in my ear, " If possible, be at the Manse this evening. . Nay, 'yon can trust me, and X have much to nay to yon." With a passionate farewell, he left me. Quite bewildered, I ran immediately into the house. Soaked to the sldn, I was harrying up-stairs, when I met my Esther, who had only just arisen. I hardly noticed Mm in my agitation, and I was passing Mm with a quiet morning greeting, when he touched me on the shoulder, and com manded me to atop. I stopped, lifting my eyes timidly to his face. To my surprise, he frowned, turned alternately red and pale, and seemed violently agitated, I trembled for Ihe first time, fearful lest he had discovered my secret. " Where have" yon been, child T he asked impatiently, with a glance of great suspicion. I told the troth, not the whole trnth. " I was ont for a walk, papa, and was caught in the rain." He was not satisfied. - " Change your 1 clothes," he said with quiet rage, " and 1 come to me immediately in the study," i " Yes, papa." Ones in my bed-room, "I forgot my bodily plight, and threw myself dowin npon the bed. Surely, surely, never was there girl more nnluckey than L The course of my true love ran rough as a torrent in a Highland glen ; now it wavered to the right, now to the left ; but all the time it was unconsciously precipitating itself into irretrievable action. Had my reason convinced me that my love was wrong and nnholy, I might have immolated this first affection on the cold altar of my home j bnt I was far from convinced either that I loved sinfully, or that the man I love. I was in error. I had a girlish notion that for him one loves it is oar duty to sacrifice even home and its claims ; an<l I held true feminine love to be an eve n more holy sentiment than filial dnty-. That my own passion was pure in its essence I felt convinced ; I love d with an undivided heart, and had. no obvious selfish motive t o gratify by being nndutifol. What conreu, then, was it my privilege, my necessity, to adopt ! To face my father's wrath with a pore conscience, and to act in direct opposition to my father's will; or to yield implict obedience to the letter of tire household law, and bo to sacrifice all my hopes of mortal love. The struggle was s hard one, a bitter, bitter " hearfc- strnggle." Then I recollected the argu ments of the minister. Were they admissible, or were they simply the sophisms of a clever mind ? Was it possible that; by throwing off parental Control, and consenting to the proposed marriage, T might heal the breach made' by sin long before, or avert calamity from the head of my father, or save my lover from the horrors of a life unbecoming the duties of a Christian minister? u Pro posed marriage I" why, had. I not sworn to be the wife of Mr. Macbraith, and had -I not encouraged him to believe that he had won my heart ? aad wonld it not be incalculably sinful to tweak the vow I had made, and to deprive him, not only of my love, but of his confidence in my womanly integrity I Heaven, I reflected, would, punish me sorely if I showed iByeelf insincere, if X'eeemed unfaithful. For a plain ;giti to .assume the priivelege . of « -coquette was beyond measure con temptible ; and Z should despise myself if I laid myself open to the impu tation of trifling with a gentleman's feelings. - As X have add, X did not; doubt for moment the truth of the story I had heard in the Manaa for I knew my Esther's temper and bad once or twice heartl 'unpleasant rumours con cerning bis past life. While I lay, with my -head upon a pillow; bathed in tears, the lightning was 'dying vrith 'sudden gleams, and the tirandeF- tves growing more distant every of the nun on the window pane rang in my ears, j and the room swam round me like a j chamber of whirling darkness. By and by I felt stronger and better and by this time I had determined that my next covereation with my father should decide my fate once for all. I arose to my feet. I , was ;DPW natisfied that . my fate jinng in the balance, and I could wait fertile result with patience. Almost unconsciously I walked to the looking-glass. I was wondering what Mr. Macbraith could see in such an insignificant face and person as mine. I started back aghast It was not the pale plain face, with the hard lines about ihe mouth ; the slight figure undeveloped in its frail girlhood ; the timid awkward attitude of the.limbs, or the -fixed implor ing look of the eye, — it was none of these things, all of wMch ware sufficiently familiar, which appalled me. Over my wet and dripping shonlders, down to my soaked feet, I still wore the cloak of the minister"! In my haste, in my blindness of love, I bad forgotten to return the coat to its owner ; and there it lay;, when I flung it off, as a witness to my diso bedience. I now fully appreciate the meaning of my father's strange manner. He bad perceived the cloak; and had identified it as that worn by the minister, with whose person he was familiar. - Perhaps it was as well that my love no. longer assumed the character of an odious secret, and that I should be kept no longer in suspense. The necessity for immediate courage recalled me to myself. I made the necessary changes in my attire, and prepared to go down below. When I, was ready, I looked into the glass afeain. 'Again the pale plain face, but dow "it - wore a" quiet glow of resolution. With trembling heart, £ descended the staircase and knocked at the study-door. " Come in," said my father's voice, and I entered. Papa was seated at his desk, making a pretence to write ; but he was a poor 'actor, and I saw through him. I waited for eome minutes in great sus pense, until, looking up, he made a sud den exclamation. "Jessie Hayman," he cried,- with an angry movement; "thfe is moBt cruel, moBt unnatural " "What, papa?" " Pooh ! don't attempt to misunder stand me. I'm speaking -of your conduct ' You are directly opposing my wishes; you have dared to act in opposition to my expressed desire ; you are holding communication with a scoundrel and a blackguard." "Papa!" . . .- ,'.I> '"I'm speaking of that villain "Mac braith, who ought to be hung ; yes, hung, Mid. who hates me, and is my; worat enemy. I've Buspected you for some time ; now I am convinced of your wickedness. That cloak !" Mean spirited for the moment, I tried to describe the affair as accidental meet ing, and a simple courtesy. " Do you take me for an idiot ?" ex claimed papa, rising. " Now be candid, and it will be the better for you. Yon kDow this man V "I do." "He has been paying you attentions f " Yes, papa." "You — hum — love him?" " "I do." " And you dare, with that confession on your lips, to sit at my table, and call yourself my daughter. Henceforth un deceive yourself. You're no daughter of mine, and my house is not for the friends of my enemies. I renounce you. I'll have nothiog more to do with you ; go to your lover, sponge no longer on me and mine. Yon hear me I" " Yes." I spoke quite calmly, although a storm raged within. Papa paused, flashing fire, and seemed astounded at my coolness and audacity. They seemed to take Ms breath away with surprise. He grew darker aud uneasier. "You — ha — don't mean to say that you've any real liking for this fellow t" I moved to him, and took his hand. " Hear me, papa. Do not judge me harshly, for you know my affection for 1 yon. I love Mr. Macbraith ; I have struggled hard against the feeling, but I love him dearly, better even than my own happiness. Do not turn away, but have pity. I do not, cannot believe that he is a bad man ; I prefer thinking that yon are mistaken .in him, and that my love may in time reconcile yon to one another. I know. all. I believe that I may blot ont a portion -of the - past by disobeying on , .in this matter." - . He tnroed pale .and Beetned frightened, but he recovered himselE ; "So !" he indrmnred between Ms teeth. " He has been libelling me to my own flesh and blood ; inventing lies to throw a stain on my good name, and turning my daughter's heart against me. I thought so." "Not so. I beseech you, ' do mot believe that it is so! Mr. Macbraith' is anxious, deeply anxious, that what is done shonld be set right again, and that he shonld enable you to meet Mm ou friendly terms. His brother — " "Ha! what of him?" cried papa, with a ecaredlook.-.- ' t "'His brother has lost that which it is in the power of no man to restore — his reason ; but something may yet be" done, for Mm by careful love and tenderness. That should be ray. task." . "Where is this brother you speak off" "Here, at the manse, a harmless lunatic." "What! I must inquire . into this Insane, and suffered to go at large; the nuisance is . insufferable, and I shall at buce petition the authorities. While he is free, none of our lives are safe." I trembled in spite of myself. The minister's : . tenderest point . was that piteous love for his half witted brother, and "any attack in tlmt uuarter -jmight lead to terrible results. I-tremblefl -now formy father. " Surely, papa, you wonld not have this unfortunate man consigned to <«n asylum?" ' 2 ' "Wouldn't I ?" he exclaimed, with dark malignity. " Why not I Hundreds of better men than he have to put up with the toll and the strait-waistcoat ; and why hot him ? Who is he that is to put ' the whole neighbourhood in jeop ardy t Oh, thu comes of the minister's fine teaching. He has been- telling yon alot of lying stories about me, and ybp believe Mm. - Never xnindr I'll be revenged;npon him; FlL sbow him the. and of all his fine plots and counter-plots ; he shall smartfor it" ' Pajrihadgrown why nervouSj-andhe epqke of arbitrary decision. I cannot hardly tell whether I felt pleased or sorrowful, but I was con vinced now that I had heard the whole truth from my lover. " Now, look here, girl. If yon waut to marry this scamp, my .deadly enemy, marry him. 7 shall not attempt to pre vent yon ; yonmaymarryhoth him and Ms: brother, if yon like. But don't expect any help from me or mine when he castsyouoffi : Marry Mm, I say ;' try the experiment, ; and blame yourself if it foils. Go !" I was moving towards the door, qnite at a loss what to say or do, when he cried, " Stop!" Then I flung myself at his feet. "Ob, papa, dear papa, do not judge hastily in this matter. Give ns time, and all will be well. Mr. Macbraith is , not the wretch you esteem him. I love him, papa. He is dear to me as life itself ; and I know him to be true and noble." I was weeping now, bnt my father only grew sterner ou seeing my weakness. He pnsbed me from Mm. "I will wait monthB, years, any number of years ; only say that yon will listen to us, when we attempt to reconcile right and wrong in the eud. For I love Mm, papa I love Mm so dearly." ; He seemed to nerceive an advantaees for his face assumed a canning look, a - he said, with assumed carelessness, " Pooh Ithe nonsensical ravings of a girl. Once and for all, I don't compre hend this stuff ; it's all unintelligible acting: You hear me. Either renounce this man, or — " " Papa, I cannot" "Very well," he cried fiercely. " I am satisfied. Listen, though, for ouemoment, lest you rush to too hasty a conclusion, la the first place, girl, you're not a beauty ; you're face would not recom mend you to any man, or nnmber of men. I say this without prejadice. although you are my daughter. Very well, then. It's obvious enough that Macbraith hasn't fallen in love with yonr face; and the most probable ' conclusion is, that he hasn't fallen in love with yon at all." I smiled unaware, a sad smile of ntter doubt. " Oh, you may smile, but don't be too sure, young lady. If you. we're a beauty, 1 might believe he eared for yon, .for I know his liking for pretty faces. Ab matters stand, however, I have given my opinion. What tben ? Macbraith owes me a grudge, aud he is the man to gratify it. He sees' you, perceives you're a fool, and hopes to gain his ends by your means. hib object therefore is to break yonr heart, or worse, in the hopes of injuring your father ; and as for marrying you, the man knows better than that He's mistaken, though, in thinking that, he can harm me in this way. You're a woman, and if you like to go to the devil with yonr eyes open, I sha'n't break my heart. Go ; I am bnsy." I rushed from the room". Outside the door I met mamma, who had evideutly been eavesdropping. She was going to speak ; bnt, pale and wild, I pushed past her, and went op to my room. I locked the door, and lay down on the bed. Oh, those crnel words, his last words! They ateinto my brain like burning fire, aud buried themselves there : they cut into my heart like sharp steel, and blinded me with excessivepain. Do whatlcould, I could not deprive them of their signifi cance. They seemed so plausible; so horribly probable. My only viilherable point bad been assailed, and I was left without the means of resistance. Conld it be true that Macbraith was indeed the villian papa had described, and that he was endeavouriug to accomplish his revenge by means of my misery or my dishonour ? Oh, no, no ! He was far too noble and true for tbat. Yet ho w true it was tbat I was without those attractions which win the hearts of men ; and how suddenly had the minis ter seemed to become my admirer ! Then 1 thought of the mail's dark moods, full of fierce wrath and doubt, of his great wrong, ever present before him in the flesh, aDd of his threats. Confident as I was of the integrity of my resolutions, I was a young girl, ignorant of the world, easily deceived ; and I felt that it would be easy for a man of the world to blind and mislead me on a subject so immi nently attractive as that of love. I was now profoundly miserable, and more bewildered than ever. I conld not shake off the .dark doubt that I was in. danger. Again,, if Macbraith were indeed a vil- lain, and I were'Yo yield to him, how trebly bitter and sinful would appear my disregard of filial duty and obedience ! My father's wrath owould then ?agpear just, albeit-a little headstrong. He had -warned me, he had exposed tbe man, and had. done all obstinacy can bring itself to do in order to -avert the catastrophe. - Ob, my bitter, hitter heart struggle ! Are we women ' generally sharper- sighted than the other sex? or do -'we take too wide a scope of men and things to see aught -clearly ? We are blamed for brooding over finical detail. No com plaint is more plausible -or more unjust; for even in the estimate of each other's' dresses we -aiways generalise. A -wise thinker, a chivelric admirer of women, once argued to me that womeD, from., that delicacy of organisation which ^ex tends from their noblest sentiment %d the remotest, fibre of their body, were enabled to graap 'and appreciate the very loftiest ideal of the male sex, while they were perfectly unable to sound the depths of vileness and meanneBs.of which a strong man, 'less delicately organised, is capable. Thus it would follow that women are apt to put the finest construction on the actions'of a man, however base. Certain capacitftfr evil until ttieyiiave fallen to that stage wMu tiielfefoale 'body has lost ail its finer organism, and is reft of. that delicate physical harmony which,' from time immemorial, has coloured the sestheties' of manners and Bociety. Did I hold the nobility of Mr. Mac braith at too high a : valne 1 Was mine merely a guluh -enthusiasm ? .Was I. blinded' by thl ViUplmiCTit of so superior, a man's esteem ! -These were the ques tions I had to answer, I can answer some of them now In three little words. Hovfed Mmpifeflfylovea him. - "" J t By and by mamma brought me npa. cup of tea,' which l drauk carelesriy.: Elm was reaUy scared , hyI4 my pale foce aud wildmsnuer, andXiad not canrageto fouwn?i in her UMial,' weakly; y. Bhe kissed me with affew oonsoling words, wd thenleftmwl wwftei tootilQne, I lay in a half-stunned state, with a humming in my ears as of distant voices. I seemed to grow quite stupid with my grief. Then I seemed to fail into a swoon, and to forget every thing. That day passed. I did not go to the Manse in the evening; I was too ill to leave home; mid I, feared the conse quences of another scene. I returned the cloak by one of the servants. At break- feat the next morning -papa's .manner towards me was unusually kind. He chatted in a most lively way on all sorts of sabjecte ; hut I was too doll to follow him. He evidently thonght that I had yielded to his persuasions, and discarded what he simply esteemed my girl's folly. He was mistaken. I was still far from a decision, and the straggle of my heart was still going on within. Three days expired, and I hBd not passed the thresh old of the honse. I conld not summon np courage to meet my lover. I would wait for a apace, and in the mean time trust to chance. Ou the evening of the fourth day I was sewing in the atting- room, when I heard voices in the direction of papa's study. They were men's voices, and one seemed raised in angry altercation. Surprised, I listened attentively. Some thing in the sonnd frightened me, and I DHLS flftOfl OffninnMu) T find' MliflA tft fear. One of the voices I heard was my father's, ihe other was that of the Rev. Mr. Macbraith. I threw down my; sewing, and crept noiselessly across the lobby. At the study -door, which, was on toe latch, I halted. "Edward Hayman, let bygones be bygones," said my lover, in low mea'- snred accents. "I came here to-night to wipe ont the remembrance of all that is past. I have told yon that I love yonr daughter." My father laughed. "I dare say !" he replied. "This is not the first time I have heard the story. Well, sir 1" " I have nothing more to my. For form's sake I have come here to ask- her hand — a head which she has already promised. to give me; and it is for'her sake that I have sacrificed my pride id so doing. Consent to onr anion, and I may take the consent ss an equivalent for atonement— i-am willing so for to cancel onr-.yrrongSv'V , - i "Bah ! I know "you, Macbraith."" " Do you, then, refuse me toe hand of yonr daughter V ' " I have nothing, to eay to you ; let that suffice. I believe that you have al ready heard my opinion on the subject. I'll have nothing to ' do with you cr yours. I know you of old, my man ; so beware 1" " Do you dare to address me thus ?" cried the minister. Papa langhed mockingly and bitterly. " I'm no coward, Macbraith, and yon know it ; and yonr fine scowling and threatening won't tarn my blood cold. Yon may sneak into my house, man, and libel me ; but yon ehall .do so at your peril. Ay, at yonr peril, although half-a- dozen more mad brothers were prowling abont toe country, and trying, with yonr aid, to escape toe necessary surveillance of toe lunatic asylum." " Wretch that yon are, take care how you make light of your own villany, or I may forget myself." There was a lond derisive laugh, a hurried movement, as I passed into the room. There I saw my father raise his hand and strike Mr. Macbraith, drawing blood from the forehead. " Father !" - I cried, standing between them. He poshed me aside, crying, "Thai; Macbraith, is my answer. I utterly defy you to injure me or mine. For this girl here, she is my daughter, fool though she is ; aud I shall exert my privilege over her." I turned to the minister. He was snowy white with rage. Every fibre of his body was shaking ; and he bit his lips till toe blood came, in endeavouring to keep calm. He walked over to my father, quiet; stern, dreadful in his anger. " Edward Hayman," he Mssed between Ms clenched teeth, " yon have done what all who care for you will yet pray on their bended knees, for yonr sake, ta have undone. Yon have trebled tn-night the horrible sin of long years ago ! and it is. not my fault if you suffer for it. For nothing now shall save you from my just hate, my just vengeance. As for toe girl, keep her.' I almost hate her now because she is a child of yonrs." '! Richard 1" I screamed. "Mr. Mac braith." Bnt he walked swiftly from the room, and but of the house. \- I tamed in fierce appeal to my father ; but his lips curled in scorn, and he waved me toward the door. The room seemed to swim around me in a sickening heat, as I moved -towards him, and, touching him lightly on the shoulder, looked him pleadingly in the face. His excitement - was fading away from . him now, mid he qnailed. " i'apa, what have you done ?" l evied. " How can yon be so wicked and cruel f - ." Leave me yon fool 1" I left Mas, horrified at my own scorn of him ; and matnma immediately .enter ed to comfort him. All hope was lost, then. Mr. Macbraith did not love me ; otherwise he conld never have resigned me so. cruelly and scornfully. Tbat was my first thonght. At the second toongbt; < I remembered that he was not himself, and tbat he was nearly mad with rage ; hut I -also remembered Ms 'headstrong passionate nature, and feared for the con sequences of my 'father's insult and. violence. My love and sorrow grew quite torpid now. I was .lost to onter' life, and lived in that world of mental dream which is too often toe symptom or precursor of physical decline. I began to feel that between myself aud the minis ter had come a clond wMch neither of. ns conld over cross with safety. We mere like woman -and man-standing distinctly' visible to each other on separate banks of a grat rushing river, and stretching out pleading hands in vain. What if, in. -trying. to meet, we were to be swept to-: -getber on the great river's bosom to toe lap of an eternal ocean, there to float until the trumpet ehould stir the deadqn. toe waters into life ! I para ova the occurrences of same few weeks, during wMch I spent >11 my -time between the honse and tbe eurronnd- ing garden. My father imposed no phy- eical restraint upon me ; but I -did - not tore to ventnie away from the door.; I. heard ndtiiing of Mr. Macbraith |n the. interiuv Had he -renounced «e wrl Not for from the Manse at Ivibaugh was a small plantation of fir-trees, ad joining a shady lane, where my father would now and then walk in the evening. The whole extent of the lane waadistinctly visible from the windows of the Manse. It was thickly wooded with Btraggling furze- bushes, and, save for its close vicinity to toe .Manse, its situation was lonely in -the -extreme. \- One -evening, little lees than a month after thatdreadfnl scene between toe two gentlemen, papa, as he was often wont to do, strolled out for a walk. It was a Very dark evening, but the stars were out ; the wind was Mgh and keen. My father had a habit of taking his exercise in the dark, when there were no eyes to observe Mm ; and as mamma, in her timid way, had begged him to alter the direction of his neual walk, he persisted in Ms obstinate way, and out of bravado, in disregarding her advice. I myself, being naturally timid, wonld have prefer red his choosing a path where he wonld be less likely to come in collision with the minister ; and on the particular evening I allude to he stayed out so long that I felt nervons, and determined to follow him. It was nine o'clock, and papa had been away more than two hours. So I dressed myself and walked ont The lane and the plantation had been christened by one name, — the Deil'a Heugh ; end they had a bad reputation nn account of certain crimes eaid to have been committed in the neighbourhood long years before. Tradition threw a clond over them. The wind blew in my face, and pinch ed at me, and dragged me this way and that ; but my state of mind had grown to be such that external sights and sounds had little effect on me. I walked along in the direction of the Dell's Heugh, iu toe teeth of the wind, half enjoying the noise in the air, half saddened by the cold pitiless light of the stars. When I gained toe nearer end of the lane, I look ed towards the Manse. There were no ; lights visible in the windows ; all were ; feebly 'reflecting' the. sheeny light of heaven! Far down the lane, wMch was about a quarter of a mile long, I caught sight of a man's figore, which I immedi ately concluded to be that of papa. Scarcely knowing which course to adopt, but urged on by someirrepressibleiuetinct, I followed keeping Mm still at a distance. He passed round a curve, and I lost sight of him. Walking on, I reached the carve, where the furze-bashes were thickest, and, looking forward, I saw him sitting on the low Btone-wall of the plan tation. It was papa. A moment after wards I became conscious of another dark figure, which moved behind among the trees. Before I conld draw a breath, the the figure had advanced, stolen suddenly behind papa, grasped Mm round the throat, and dragged him backwards. They fell together, and then aiOBe strag gling. I was too frightened to speak. Something glistened and fell ; there was a load cry for help, and the two rolled over and over on the rongh rooted ground. There was a horrid pause for a few seconds. Tben one of the dark figures rose, looking wildly around as if in fear. It stooped again, as if to look into the fallen man's face. I could not move from the spot ; my voice foiled me, my heart seemed to die out I crouched behind the boshes, peering wildly, in a fascinated horror, through the prickly branches. Again the figure rose, and stepped over the stone-wall iDto the lane. Hera toe light of the stars fell full upon it ; and in the pale glamonr I recognised a dress I knew full well, — the hat and cloak of the minister, . my lover. My blood froze to ice, my pulses clenched, as the figure crept off through the darkness in the direction of the Manse. It was the Rev. Mr. Macbraith. Heaven for a few moments gave me supernatural strength. I followed the figure with my eye. Assurance was rendered doubly sure — it was indeed my lover. The horrible despair of that moment gave me courage. I walked towards the plantation, and stepped over the stone-wall. All was dark. My foot stepped on some soft liquid pool, which I knew by instinct was blood. The next moment I almost tripped over the body. The stars shone in through an opening in the trees, and, stoopiDg down, I recognised my father's face. Ob, horrible 1 The throat was cut from ear to ear, and in toe struggle several gashes had been in flicted about the body and on toe hands. I screamed now, bnt my voice had lost its power. Then I stooped down, and strove to lift the body, and drag it to the lane. The weight was beyond my strength. Again I screamed, but toe wind drowned my voice. I reflected, too, that my cries might bring back the murderer, who would eoou make short work of the only witness to his crime. Overcome with the horror of my position, I lost consciousness for an instant When I recovered, I was still lying on the same spot, and my clothes were wet with blood. I felt as if I were mad, aud screamed again wildly. Then I ran shrieking out of toe plantation, and — I know not in wMch direction, up or down toe lane. Suddenly I saw a light approaching from the distance. I made lor it hastily. It came nearer and nearer — a man with a lantern. I rushed forward wildly ; and in a moment after wards fell shuddering and screaming at the feet of the minister, who was without Ms cloak, and bareheaded. At sight of him I swooned away once more. yWhenY recovered, I was lyiDg in his arms, aud the light of the lantern was thrown upon his foce. " Jessie ! Miss Hayman ! " he was ex claiming ; " speak ! What is the meaning of this ? This is blood." I glanced wildly up into his pale fierce face, and it seemed lit with a horrible deathly suspicion that I was coguisant of his crime. Shonld he suspect me, my life would not he worth a straw. I made a great and violent effort, clinging to Mm, and conquering my loathing for him. With adreadfolcubning, I thought I conld persuade Mm that I was ignorant of what he had done. "Help ! help !" I cried. "Ob, Mr, Macbraith, fly for assistance. My poor father has been murdered." K Murdered !" he exclaimed ; " and' tofe—" he touched my wet hand. . " Is blood— his Mood," I mnrmnred. "Go." " . . No wonder that the wretch shnddeted. How poorly he seemed to act his ioath- some part 1 , Let me ga; I beg yon," I whispered ; "fly for assistance. I will wait hero." Stow dtt ttis Ittppra ? " Not now, I cannot speak now. You shall hear all at any time. Yet, stay. I was passing along the highway, when I beard screams and knowing this to be a favourite walk of my father's, I ran hither. When I reached tMs spot, all was still ; but suddenly a groan fell upon my ear. Following toe sound, I passed over among toe trees; and found Mm lying yonder, dead." The minister placed me hastily down, and ran swiftly along the lane to the plantation. In a minute he returned. His foce was snow-white, he trembled visibly, and his whole manner was foil of suspicion and terror. "This is dreadful," be said gloomily. " Stay here, Jessie, nntil I awaken the village. Yonr father was no friend of mine ; but bis murderer shall not escape, if I can help it." " He shall not," I said to myself, with a cold icy determination to o my duty at all hazards. He ran swiftly up the lane and aloDg the highway. I could hear hi; footsteps die away on the hard road. Suddenly 1 lost all petty fear, and sat in a blank despair, looking at the blond upon my hands. Then I heard voices in the distance, aud knew that help was nigh. The voices grew louder and louder. Soon I saw a dark crowd, with the minister at its head, and armed with pitchforks, sticks, and lanterns, come running down the lane. I was lifted to my feet and supported by two strong peasants. Led by Macbraith, we moved along to the plantation. Cries of horror and fear crept through the crowd as the light fell upon the dead man's ghastly, bloody face and upturned dis severed throat. He was lifted up by shuddering hands, and laid across a bier of sticks placed crosswise. Now was the time to speak. Releasing myself from my supporters, I crept up to Mr. Macbraith, who was directing the rest. I pnt my arms aronnd his neck and pressed him close to me ; my finger-nails seemed to sink into his flesh ; my wild eyes burned into his with a fierce aud fascinating horror. " Comfort ; have no fear, "he wMspered, thinking I was afraid ; and (horror of horrors !) he kissed me. "Witli a shudder I crept closer to him, and cried out to the men : " Seize this man ! Help, secure Mm 1, He is the murderer of my father !" He tried to shake me offi but in vain. " The minister 1" they all cried, in doubt and terror. " Ay, the minister !" I screamed, holding him faBt. " Seize him, all of you ! He has murdered my father, eaw the deed with my own eyes. Seize him. He will escape." Pale, and quivering in every limb, he struggled to shake me off ; for I was choking him. After pausing for a moment, the villagers tore him away from me, and secured Mm. " She is mad," he cried. I gazed wildly at Mm for a moment ; the air swooned aronnd me, and I was again deaf to sonnd. Hours passed before I was again my self I opened my eyes in a cottage, aud I was lying dressed on the bed. I had beeu carefully washed during my trance, that the stains of blood might not appal me on awakening. With a leaden, deadly weight at my heart; and a seem- ing calm that arose from ntter despair, I looked around me. Then I became consciouB that my mother was seated by my bed, with her head on the coverlid, moaning and Bobbing. She flung her arms around my neck, and cried out blindly and bitterly, " Oh, Jessie, Jessie, my wilfu' bairn, ye hae brought ns to this. Didua I ken Richard Macbraith lang syne ? and wasna his brither Sandie ane o' the mony that wanted to be marryit till me ? And diana Macbraith vow vengeance ower and ower again on tbe beid o' your pair faither ? and noo it's dune, dune. The minister has murderit your faither, and ye the lo'ed ane o' the minister. I shall dee ! — 1 shall dee !" I tried to comfort her, but she was inconsolable. Well, her grief was wild and violent, aud 1 knew enough of human nature to feel tbat such grief soon exhausted itself in tears. Those are the bitterest hearts wMch grow stone-dry in their sorrow, and beat leadenly, without relief and without demonstration. " What has been done ?" I cried, starting up, and suddenly recollecting all that had passed. " O my bairn ! Jessie, your feither i lyin' cauld ben the cottage next doors Mi8trees Stewart's ; and the minister is, in the han's o' the men. They hae him fast; East, in our ain house, and are wait ing gin the police come doun frae Mei- klegrude. Tarn Howieson has ridden awa, to fetch them twa hours syne, aud they'll be doun at ance." 1 hid my face in my hands, terrified at my own cruel strength. Well, I had a duty to do, and I would go through with it. I had been trifled with, trampled upon, by a villain, — that was alL Ah, how bitterly did I reproach myself for not having listened to tbe warniog of my poor dear father, of whose death I had been partly the cause. It was now clear to me that he had estimated Mac braith aright, and that I had been blinded wholly by my youth aud inex perience. My Heart Struggle was over at last, and it had left a long weary blank of utter despair. I got up from the bed and walked to the cottage-door. The moon was low, there were faint bright etreaks in the east, and the stars were fading. There was a clatter of hoofs, and immediately afterwards two of the country constabu lary, with the villager Howieson ou horseback, drove up in their dog-cart. " Stop !" cried Howieson ; and they all reigned up at the door of tbe cottage. They followed me indoors, aud ques tioned me about the murder. After passing into the neighbouring cottage and looking at the body, they rejoined us. My mother was wild in her grief and pro testations, and to her the constables soon ceased to pay any attention. Having heard me out; they aBked for the prisoner, and we informed them of bis where abouts. My mother stayed at tbe cot tage ; but I insisted on accompanying them to our houBe. Arrived there, we found all in a state of strange commotion. The street-door was open, and a throng of villagers were assembled on the door steps and in the lobby. . The constables elbowed their way into the house, aud I followed. At the door of the study we found three stalwart men, and were informed that toe prisoner was within that room. . The constables entered boldly, aad I peered in timidly, Ttw Ismp 25 lit, and my father's papers and books were scattered on the table and about the room, j set as be bad left them. Macbrai'.h was seated in my father's j chair, with his head between his hands. J He i ik d up as they entered, asd Cilobt I a elmpse of m. whereon I entered ! firmly. Never shall I firait the wild j grieved expression of his s'.eni and con- j fcjrted feature'. He looked at rue more j rarrowiDiif man sngruy, anu isui sternly. " Is this tbe prisoner T asked one of tbe constables. " That is the man," i said. " There most be some mistake here I9 quoth the other constable. " i know this gentleman well He is tbe minister of the parish." And he touched his bat respectfully, arid nudged his companion. " There is no mistake V I cried, inter posing. " Yon will release this prisoner at your peril : for, as i have already stated, I myself was witness to the act." " May there hot be some mistake 1" be asked doubtfully. " Yes, miss : may there not be a mis take ?' said the other. " How do yon identify yo prisoner V' " By Lis attire but not that which be now wears. He had npon hitn at the time a cloak and hat which are familiar to every one in the village, and which any one may identify as his property." Macbraith lifted np his head with a strange look of meaning. " I see it all I I see it all 1" be said. ""-r- =— had first spoken. "That's a very dif ferent story. Stop, though .' What has become of the clotbeE yon speak of f " Immediately after tbe murder, die prisoner ran otf in the direction of the Manee, whence he soon after retained, as if called forth by my cries. The Manse should at once be searched." The minister started at my last words, and looked at me almost vindictively. Then he said between his teeth, " I have to thank my fair accuser for her praiseworthy desire to get me punished : yet she should reflect a little. There are reasons why a visit to the Manse might be dangerous." The policemen looked at each other donbtfally : but i turned to them impa tiently. " Do your duty," 1 6aid ; " and do not heed this man's threats." " I was not threatening, young lady," observed the minister. The constables were now convinced that there was a Etrong case against the prisoner. With a muttered apology, they handcuffed him. He did not attempt to make the slightest resistance. He seemed quite etnpefied with the sud denness of his arrest, and scarcely real ised the profound terrors nf bis position. For myself, i was calm by this time. I felt that I had a holy task to perform, and I was ready to go through with it : though I persuaded myself in tbe mean time that, fur justice' sake, i was making a terrible sacrifice. Did i pity tbe man ? Perhaps no ; perhaps yes. i only saw tbe blood of my father on his soul, and was too confused to make an analysis of my emotions towards him. My love for him seemed to die away like a hollow masic that has haunted a long night of stare The moon bad arisen, dazzling me : showing me my error in all its nakedness, and stripping tbe man of all that superiority over myEelf which first j made me love him. They led him from the house, I keep ing by their side ; and the hashed crowd followed with their lanterns. On reach ing the Manse, we kuocked londly at the hall-door. There was a loDg pause. " Wba'e there ?" asked a voice, that of a woman. ' Open the door, Elsie," cried the vnimst/or onlmlc The door was opened, and we entered with a rush. The middle-aged woman I had seen on my former visit started back with a cry as we entered, and lifted np her bands in surprise. The crowd drew back. " H usli, Elsie 1" said the minister. " Do not be alarmed. Where is my brother — Alexander V ' Upstairs in his ain room ; andawfu', awfu' dementit. But what dae a' these folks want here the noo 1" One of the constables here stepped for ward, and whispered in the woman's ear. She gave a slight scream of terror, and glanced timidly at her master. He stood in a gloomy attitude, and paid no atten tion to her. " I tbocbt as mnckle," cried tbe woman, " Eh, Mr. Macbraith, what did i tell ye it wad come tae ? I kent there was some thing wrang the nicht when hesliptawa' and cam' back — ye ken how." " Not a word, Elsie. i most convince these good people and this yonng lady who is my accuser, that there is a mistake somewhere. Not a word, i say i Gentle men, be good enough to make your search." They searched bigb and low, but fonnd nothing, the minister lending them cold assistance all tbe while. A.t the very top of the booBe we halted at last before the door of a small room. On trying the door, we fonod that it was Licked. " Have yon a key ?" asked aconstable j " or must we force tbe door I" " Elsie, give tbeBe gentlemen the key of this apartment." Tbe woman did as desired ; and we unlocked the door. We were entering the room, with lighted candies in our bands, when Alexander Macbraith walked to the threshold and confronted us. He was dressed in tbe same suit of dingy black, tbe wrists of his shirt were bloody ; and in bis band he held a large carving- knife, with which he was cutting bread. It was then that the truth flashed upon me for the first rime. Alexander was chuckling to himself, bnt he was very pale. When he saw us, he would have sprang over to attack as, had not the minister interposed and motioned him back. He obeyed ; but as we entered, he crept close to his brother. " i hae done it, man, i hae dune it !" he whispered. " Dead men tell nae tales, ye ken ; and he'e as can Id as my gowd. i hae dnne it wi1 this 1" He flourished the carving-knife. " i crept ahint him on tiptae, an' grippit him by the hair o' the faeid, and pn'd him donn, and then it was owre wi him. he was walking yon- ner atnang trees and whins, and i was keeking ont, and i saw him, and i crept awa' frae the honse and did it The deil o' a woman yonner" — he pointed to the servant, of whom he Beemed to stand in awe — " didna see me, and i cam ben again ; and ehe was nane the wiser. Ib it no' gran ?" We had entered the room. It was a small square apartment, containing a bed and one or two chairs. There was no fire place, and the window was closely barred- , Several frightened rustics followed in our track, and we nQ stood gazing at the bro- $e»i " Drop that knife, Sandra," said the. ' minister sternly, lie imbecile obeyed. i The knife was picked np by flic eervan i who turned him into a cottier with a eteadv mesmeric gaze of both eyes. ' Gentlemen," said the minister, " permit me to intro ince yon to Mr. Alex ander Macbraith, my brother." Alexander bowed grotesquely, placed his hand npon his heart, and seemed highly flattered. "ye are welcome, ane am' a'," be said simperingly ; "and well hoe a rousing game the nicht at the ranis. 9 Here bis eye fell suddenly on me, and he seemed kindled into fury. He apcang at me with a scream, and i drew back terrified. The constables and rustics sprang npon him. There was a brief struggle, and at last he was held writhing on the ground. One oC the men fetched a rope : and the imbecile was soon firmly bonnd. " Well, Gentlemen t said the minister, turning with a fierce snd mocking smile to his escort. They said nothing, bnt made a vigorous search through die apart ment: Their search was at last reward ed. Poked hurriedly coder the bed clothes, and begrimed with mad and blood, they fonnd the hat and cloak of Mr. Macbraith . " We're getting wind of the bnsioem at last," granted one of the constables with satUfacdon. "And what do yon purpose doing, gen tlemen, at this jnnctaref" asked Mac braith with stern calmness. " Doing r exclaimed the other con stable roughly - " why, doing our duty, to be sure, and bringing both yea and the madman here at once before the authorities. In the mean time, we street yon both on a charge of wilful murder." i have little more to add. It was satisfactorily proved at the trial that Alexander Macbraith had been the assassin, and that the minister wae entirely innocent The tale i heard in the Manse wss tree ; and Alexander, canning and revengeful in some things although harmless in the main, had cot forgotten his persecutor. He had watched him again and again by day light, walking in tbe lane below the Manee ; and on the night in question, having caught glimpses of a dark figure, he seized an opportunity to slip ont dis guised in hie brother's clothes, and perpetrated the dreedful deed. The minister was severly reprimanded for baring suffered his brother to remain comparatively free, and thns having given him an opportunity to commit the crime. It was proved that he was allowed to roam freely about the honse ; being perfectly under the control of his brother and of the housekeeper, who had once held office in a lunatic asylum. Macbraith, in defence, asserted that he had believed his brother quite harmless, and that he had co suspicion that he was strong-minded enough to be capable of such memory and each resentment. The affair ended by the committal of Alex ander to tbe lunatic asylum, formerly his brother's terror. i was right. My poor mother re covered herself in time, but she never manflgwl to get foanicd again. That i did not many tbe minister, yon have already guessed. Indeed, such a marriage was rendered a moral impossi bility. Some weeks after the trial, i re ceived the following Dote in a ragged scrawl ; " Miss Jessie Ha yuan, — "i regret the sorrow of yon and yours, for i loved yon — loved yon 1 i love yon ; bnt i am not too blind to see that the golf between ns is impass able. Yon will always be a strange por tion of my dark life, for (i repeat it) i love yon. Why, i know not ; yon did not conquer me id the usual way — But enough ; I leave England to-morrow, never to return. Bichabd Macbraith. " He spake wisely. The gnlf between ns was never to be passed. Bnt i often think of tbe minister, now in my old age : and the bitter, bitter heart-etrnggfe, returning again, lasted so long, that i had grown old and weak before i knew that it was too late to love again. B. W. R 