AMUSEMENTS. " Madame Favnrt" was repeated last night at the Tbcntre ltoyal, and the house wns very libe rally patronised. The opera went with it9 aecus- tomed smoothness and success, nnd tho largo audience frequently radicated their appreciation of tho performance hy prolonged and hourly plaudits. " JIadamc Fnvart" will be produced again this evening. The announcement that Mr. Dcwhurst would once more appear as Richelieu attracted a lnrgo and very attentive audience at the Queen's Theatre last night. Bulwcr'a beautiful play was capitally acted throughout, nnd Jlr. Dewhurt's impersonation of tho great Cardinal earned for him immense applause. To-night " Hamlet " will be played, with Jlr. Dcwhurst in the title role. (1.. mrnninn \ f » T W L'Uta tS lllQ uil XllUlfiUdJ 1»A». Ms All iimo so sv is aw benefit. On this occasion, " Much Ado About Nothing" will be pcrfoi meil, and will be followed by a musical melange, to which Messrs. Baker, Ilodge, Kitts, and others, will contribute. Mr. Maccabe entertained a crowded audience at the Mcliool of Arts, last night, with his mirth pro voking performance, in " Begone Dull Care." The same programme will be repeated this evening. At the Victoria Hall, Jlr. D'Arey Read and hi3 ghosts provided an entertainment which mystified tho audience. There is no change in the pro gramme at this popular little hall announced yet. In the presence -of a largo number of per- sons, the Ladies' Go-as-you- Pleasu Contest started at about half-past 11 o'clock yesterday morning, in the Hippodrome. Nine competitors, including two married women, appeared upon tho track, their names beiug Jlrs. Wallace, Mndnrao St. George, and Misses Anderson, Lamoml, Nicholls, O'Brien, I'agc, Phillips, and Walker. The costumes were as a rule neat and attractive. The contest ants, Mrs. Wallace nlone excepted, started off nt a fast rale, Miss Phillips first, with Miss Nicholls second. Each of' the Indies has her own separate tent, and every attention is being paid to their comfort. Last night some thing over 1500 people nttended and the board showed tho following figures Phillips, 41 miles 5 laps ; Wallace 37 miles I laps ; St. George, 37 miles 4 laps ; Nicholls, 38 miles 11 laps ; Walker, 35 miles 1 lap ; O'Brien, 35 mileB ; Page, 31 miles 21 laps ; and AndcrEon, 30 miles 0 laps. 