DISTRICT NEWS. [FROM OUR VARIOUS CORRESPONDENTS] RAYMOND TERRACE. I. 0. G. T.- The Rising Sun Lodge, No. 136, held a concert on 12th May in the Temperance Hall. The chair was occupied by Bro. John T. Palmer, V L D. The entertainment commenced by the choir singing the National Anthem. Then followed the Chairman's address. First on the programme was a song " Ah, he kissed me when he left me," by Mr C Boots; recitation, "Beth Gelert," by Mr. J. Holdstock; song, " Who will care for mother now, Mr W. Whaler; dialogue, "Mary's treat to her Land," by Miss B. Fenwick and J. Palmer ; duett, "Juanita," by Miss A. Bishop and Mr. L. Bishop; recitation, "Captain's Whiskers," by J. Holdstock; solo, " Wrap the flag around me boys," by Mr. J. Palmer; dialogue, "Timothy's Stomach and St. Paul's cloak," by Messrs. C. Boots and J. Palmer; The farce, " Ghost in a Pawn Shop," concluded the first part of the Programme. After an intermission of ten minutes, the second part commenced with the song "Self-deceived," illustrating the six stages of drunkenness, by Messrs. W. Whaler, W. Bishop, C. Boots, H. Bishop, J. Palmer, and J. Boots, sen. song, "British Lion," by Mr. L. Bishop; song, " Far away," by the Misses Fenwick, Bishop, and Morris; duet, " Wind and the Harp," by Miss A. Bishop and Mr. L. Bishop; concluding with Half an hour with characteristic Billy Johnson, ably assisted by Mr. J Holdstock. Mr. H. Bishop presided at the harmo- nium, and acquitted himself creditably. It would be needless for me to enter into the merits of the differ- ent performers; suffice it to say all the pieces were creditably rendered, and, judging from the applause which followed each piece, the audience fully appre- ciated the efforts of the performers. I understand that it is the intention of the Good Templars to hold monthly concerts at Raymond Terrace. May 14. I SINGLETON. I POLICE COÜBT, TUESDAY, 17TH MAY, Í881. I rBoforeMr. J. N. BrookB, P.M., MeSBrs. Q. T. Loder, J. C. S. H McDouall, John Browne, S. B. Dight, and A. D. Browne, I J.'sP.) 1 BBBACHES OF MIWICIPAL BY-LAWS, - The In 1 epector of Nuisances had summonsed eleven persons I for breaches of Municipal By-laws. In two CBSBB I* where defendants failed to appear when called, they were each fined 10¿, with 2s Ga court costs. In four other cases defendants were fined 6s each, with 2s 6d court costs. In two other cases fresh summonses were ordered to be issued; and two cases were die APPLICATION FOB A PUBLICAN'S LICENSE. William Watts applied for a license for the house at r -tb» corner of John and Elizabeth streets, Singleton, f/NNJAf^erly licensed to James Nichols, under the sign of" the Tradesman's Arms Inn. The application was opposed on the grounds that it waa not required, and would tend to the furtherance of drunkenness and vice. No police objections had been filed against the granting of this license. The evidence of two gentlemen who opposed the license having been taken, the further consideration of the matter was postponed until Monday, the 23rd instant. Mr. John Elliott appeared for the applicant, and Mr. A. J. Gould on behalf of the parties who opposed the granting of the license. REVISION OP BLECTOBAL LIST.-The revision of the electoral list for the district of Patrick's Plains took place on Tuesday, the 17th instant, The revis, log magistrates being-Mr. George Tilomas Loder (chairman), Messrs. J. C. S. M'Douall, and A. D, Browne, J s.P. The list as finally revised showed a total ot 1538 electors. The last list revised under the old Electoral Act twelve months ago showed 1304, leaving an increase of 144 electors in the past year. AMATEUB DBAHATIC ENTERTAINMENT.-We have much pleasure in congratulating the Singleton Amateur Dramatic Club on the very successful issue of the entertainment given by the members of that club on Monday evening, in the Mechanics' Institute. The entertainment was tendered by the members and friends of Mr. J. T, Savage (stage manager), as a benefit to that gentleman for his un- tiring and zealous labours in connection with the club since its formation, and it was offered under the patronage of the President and committee of the Mechanics' Institute, and of his Worship the Mayor and aldermen of the borough. It consisted of the well-known drama "The Deol Boatman," followed ^- by'alcénefrom the comedy " Time Tries All," act 1 from the domestic drama " Duel in the Snow," scene from the comic drama " Handy Andy," and concluded a lengthy pr gamme with the laughable burlesque, "The Runaway Musketeers," interspersed with songs, dances, instrumental selections, &c.; The audience was perhaps the largest that has ever favored any of the entertainments gives by the club, the large hall being crowded to such an extent in every part that there was scarcely standing room. The acting throughout was most excellent by all the members of the company, and the audience testified their ap- proval by repeated plaudits, The orchestra, under the efficient leadership of Mr, John Singleton, played most efficiently, and added in no small degree to the success of the performance. Singleton, 17th May, 1881. ' CAMBERWELL. I am extremely sorry to say that our highly esteemed teacher, Mr. J. Shanahan, has been removed from amongst UB. He gave his farewell address to his pupils and others assembled in the Behool on Saturday, 7th instant. The tears shed by the chil- dren when addressing them, conclusively proved the affection which they bore for him. Many grown persons assembled on the occasion were moved to tears in witnessing the sorrow evinced by the chil- dren wheo being addressed by their teacher. I must say that in losing Mr. J. Shanahan we have been de- prived of a good teacher, and must congi atulate the Sedgefield inhabitants on their procuring such an efficient and respected teacher aB Mr. J. Shanahan, and am positive that bia courteous decorum and ability as a teacher will gain for himself many friends in his new sphere of labour. After the children had sung a number of their school eonge, Mr. Shanahan said : My dear Children, Ladies, and Gentlemen,-It is with feelings of pro- found regret I know that I am on the eve of my departure from amongBt you. You are all well aware that I came here a perfect stranger, and have remained a meresojourner. My stay amongst you hasbeencomparatively short (12 months) butitaffords me a great amount of gratification to know that my labour has not been unsuccessful, and that I have, in the discharge of my duties, given ample satisfaction to the parents whose children have been attending this Behool since my appointment here. I can assure you I have discharged my functions conscientiously since I have been here. I have laboured hard for the advancement of my pupils. I do not mean to say that I hove overdone my duty ; BO, I have only done what was required of me : perhaps I may have displeased some unwittingly, if so I ask their for- giveness. Human nature is frail, and we are all liable to error in some respect or other. I don't wink that I am leaving behind me at Glennie's Creek many enemies. I think that I am taking away with me the good wishes of all the inhabitants, and when I am far away from you I shall often heave a sigh back to those from whom I am now about to sever. My heart ia too full to say any more now. After Mr. Shanahan had finished speaking, the fol- lowing address was read by Master P. Maher, and presented, accompanied by a beautiful album and two volumes of our master poets'works to Mr. Shanahan : Camberwell, 7th Hay, 1881. To Mr. J. Shanahan, late teacher Falbrook Public School. Eespeotcd Sbv-We the pnplls attending the Publlo school at jraioroolf. Keenly regretting your removat lrom amongst us, lreepectforyou. .JSu S.ef wo trU8t y°u wil1 reoelve the eamo In the spirit in Which it ia now oüered, and take the will tor tho deed. «,ÍÍJSOW blllajnK yon oaadiorewell, we can assure you that ¿Ka i «yayiíremember you with f eelingB oí sincere gratitude : 2SS..7S . B y.9u success in your newBphereot labour were Dear Mr. Shanahan, Yours most sincerely, Patriok Maher Mary Ann Drane William Langford fioBey Ormstrong ' Arthur Puxty Mary Ann Maher Alfred Puxty Lauretta Armstrong George Hewitt Isabella Boss Amandaline Miller Maria Pearce Laura Armstrong. In reply, Mr. Shanahan said: My dear children, ladies and gentlemen,-I have often heard people say that they could not find words to express tha gratitude of their hearts. I can assure you that I am placed in a similar position just now : I am un- able to find words capable of conveying to you my very sincere thankfulness on receiving your highly prized presentation. Often, when I am far away from you, will I affectionately think of you, and when I ease upon your gift I will send a lonely sigh back to you all on the wings of the breeze. I um deeply pained on thinking that I must say farewell to you this afternoon, but the dearest of friends must part ; if their avocation in this life do not necessitate them to sever, there will be a time when they must part-and that time is when the messenger of Death gives his command to part. Allow me, my dear children, to impress upon you all the necessity of pursuing your'studies with diligence and perse- verance. You know Lives of great men all remind us, We can make our lives tubllme ; And, departing, leave behind u» footprints on the sands of Time. Yes, we can make our lives sublime, and leave our footprints on the sands of time ; but you might ask yourselves how this is to be accomplished P If so, I will answer you. You must be diligent and nssidu oue ia your studies ; work hord, do not be daunted by obstacles which you will certainly have to en- counter. They will probably appear- to you insur- mountable, but by constant perseverance they will thaw away like the ice before the sun. If in your attempts you should fail, do not be disheartened ; persevere, and never fear but that you will succeed. The day, you know, will come when oue and all of you will have to forget your juvenile amusements, and go out into the world to fight the great battles of life, and buffet its angry and turbu- lent waves ; you will have many difficulties to en- counter, aha you will require a weapon to overcome them-provide yourselves with a good education. You cannot bavo a much better weapon than that to face the world and ita difficulties with. You will find the paths of life very winding, and strewn with many obstacles-then be prepared to meet them : study hard, and try to become intelligent, You aie all well aware that my successor is here this after- noon, and I sincerely hope that you will be a? dili- gent and attentive under his tuition as you have been under mine; I cannot say much more,as I feel too deeply grieved to give utterance to the senti- ments of my heart. Let me once more thank you sincerely for the handsome testimonial which you have presented to me ; and, believe me, I shall always cherish it in kind remembrance of its donors. So now, as you all piss out of the school I shall bid you farewell-which was accordingly done. The following address was also presented to Mr. Shanahan, to which he gave a suitable reply : Camberwell, May 4th, 1881. To Mr. J. Shanahan, late Teacher of Falbrook Publio Schoel. Blr,-We, the inhabitants of Camberwell, beg to assure yon of our deep and sincere regret at your removal irom this to another school. Your bind and courteous behaviour to all who had the pleasure of your acquaintance, and especially to the residents of Camberwell, will long be remembered by us. The wonderful manner in which you have improved the children under your charge in Falbrook Publio School during your short stay amongst us, has excited our greatest admiration, and stamps you as a most successful teacher. And rat assured, dear Sir, that to hear of your future suocess will be a source ot great gratification to us. We beg to suboribo ourselves, on behalf of the residents of Camberwell, your sincere friends. PETER TBAYSOH JOHN PUXTV Jon» DUANE, Camberwell, May 6, MERRIWA. The fourth meeting of the Bligh Amateur Racing Club came off on the Brindley Park coarse on Thurs- day, 12th inst., and resulted in an excellent day's racing, the only exception being the hurdle flutter, in which there were only two starters, Sunbeam and Zarina ; the former having the advantage in pace waited, while tbb latter being most determinedly ridden,. was rushed along, and, fortunately for Sun- beam, knocked down two or three flights, thus leav- ing him a clear run through, and he won comfort- ably. The other events were well contested, and some close finishes resulted, notably ia the Cup and Welter, both of which were pulled off by Euroka, The Squire of Brindley Park had a grand throw in, having pulled off four of the eight events on the card, two each with Euroka and Forrester. The day was beautifully floe, and the grand stand being well filled with ladies, lent additional charm to the scene ; there was. also a good attendance of the public. The various officials performed their several func- tions in a very satisfactory manner, the hon. secre- tary being most energetic in his endeavours to keep time, and successful too. Altogether the efforts of the officials of the B.i.R. Club afforded the members thereof and the general public a capital day's sport and amusement. May the club go on and prosper, aa it deserves to do. Following ia a resume of the various runs : Firet Race,-The Maiden Stakes, 1 mile and a quarter. First prize, £20 ; second, £5, Mr. J. B. Bettlngton's Forrester, C years...».,..,.. 1 V. Cowling's Xenophon, 2 years.". 3 A. W. Blaxland's Sea Nymph, G years.,.. 8 Second Race,-The Bachelor's Bag, 1 mile. First prize, bag presented by ladies, and ¿10 added ; second, £5, Mr. II. M. S. Cox's ch.f. Catheriaewbeel, 3 years. 1 G. M. House's cn g. Spark, 3 years. 2 Third Race.-The B.A.R. Cup, 1 mile and a half. First prize, a cup value £40 ; second, £10. Mr. J. B. Bettlngton's Euroka, aged. 1 A. Busby's Sunbeam, aged. 3 II. A. Lowe's Corrie, aged ...".,.,. S Fourth Race.-The Birigmatil Plate, 1 mile and a quarter. First prize, £15, in addition to a piece of plate, value £10 10s., presented by Mr. B. House, jun., with sweep of £1 each for starters, to go to second horse, Mr. J. B. Bettlngton's Forrester, C years.". 1 G. M. House's Spark, 2 years.,." 3 A. W. Blaxland's The Fish, fi years."."..., a Fifth Race.-The Ladies' Bracelet; one mile, Weight, 10 st. Firat prize, a Bracelet, value £15 ; with sweep of ¿1 for starters to go to second horse, Mr. V. Dowllng's Ninety, aged. 1 A. Busby's Newmarket, 6 years. 3 A. W. Blaxland's Tito Fish.., a Sixth Race.-The Hurdle Race ; o'ne mile and a half, over 8 hurdles, 3 feet 6 inches high. First prize, a piece of Plate, value £30 ; second, £5. Mr. A. BuBby's Sunbeam, aged.,. 1 W. Cr. Blaokman's Zarina.«. 3 Seventh Race.-The Welter Cup ; one mile and a half, Weight, 12 st. 7 lbs. First prize, a Trophy, value £25 ; second, £5. Mr. J. B. Bettlngton's Euroka,,.,.,....... 1 H. A. Lowe's Corrie. 3 A. Busby's Sunbeam.. 8 Eighth Race.-The Flying Handicap ; three-quarters of a mile. FirBt prize, £15 ; second horse to Bave his stake. Mr. H. M. S. Cox's Catherinewheel........................... 1 A. Busby's Newmarket. 3 J. B. Bettlngton's Forrester.»,.".. a Merriwa, May 14,1881, NEWCASTLE. IKeweaiOe Herald of Tuesday.) Mr. C. B. Ranclaud, district coroner, held an in- quest at Scott's Albion Hotel on Monday afternoon, touching the death of George Hill, who had died suddenly on Saturday night, as reported in our last issue. The evidence adduced was that of Henry Williams, a dyer, Constable Porter, and Dr. Richard Harris, and was to the following effect :-Henry Williams, a dyer, deposed to having undertaken to give deceased a job at his trade, and on Saturday night proceeded homewards to his residence at the Glebe, accompanied by deceased, They called in at Tattersall^ Hotel and had a drink apiece, after which they proceeded homewards conversing, deceased suddenly fell forward and groaned heavily, although perfectly aober, and imagining him to be in a fit turned him over and slapped his hands to increase the circulation ; some men coming past endeavoured to revive him, but witness, on putting his hand to his heart, found he was dead ; knew nothing at all of him before that afternoon, and he never spoke after he fell Constable Porter deposed to being sent for at 1 a.m., and finding the body on the Burwood railway line near the Chinamen's bridge ; searched the corpse after striking a light, and found on it sixpence in silver, some tram-car tickets, a knife, and a pair of scissors ; had the body removed to the Hospital dead-house. Dr. Richard Harris, who made a post- mortem examination, certified to having found all internal organs healthy, with the exception of the heart, which was in a great measure covered with fat ; on opening the breast found the sumlunar valves in a state of ossification, which he considered to have been the cause of death. The jury found a verdict in accordance with the medical testimony.-Deceased some two yeara ago waa an inmate of the Newcastle Hospital, from whence he was forwarded to the Benevolent Asylum at Liver- pool. Subsequently he was discharged from there. NEW ENGLAND. (iron» Vie Armidale Chronicle; May 14.) It is our painful duty to have to record a very Bad accident which happened to a young lad named William Riley. It appears the poor lad was on hia way from Inverell to Armidale, fox the purpose of riding Buckthorn in a race with Spider to-day, when his horse stumbled *nd fell with bim, fracturing his skull. He now lies in a very precarious state, and we understand that the doctors bold very slight hopes of hiB recovery. An accident of a very painful nature happened on Saturday, 30th April last, to a child (12 months' old) of Mr. William Livingston's, who occupies a selection about four miles from Walcha on the Port Stephens road. From particulars to band I learn that the little innocent was playing in the yard at the back of the house, being tended by an elder sister, when it walked into a bed of red- hot ashes de- posited in the dust heap a short time previously by Mrs. Livingstone, in the course of her domestic duties. From some cauee or other-I daresay from the pain, the hot ashes spurting up over its ankles (the child had shoes on) the little thing fell down, and rolled over and over in the ashes in its agony. How long It remained there I cannot say, but when taken up its clothing was alight ; and ita abdomen and other extremities were found to be terribly burned, To make mattera worse for the poor little sufferer and its parents there was no medical man nearer than the railway line-20 miles away- who could be sum- moned to attend. Both the local doctors were away. The child is still in a very precarious state ; but with free applications of sweet-oil, goose-oil, and other homely remedies it is confidently hoped its life will be preserved. 