; QUEENSLAND NEWS. Toowoomba, Wednesday. I Steady rain commenced falling this morning, and there is every prospect of its continuing. Sad aocounts have been received from the surrounding stations. Tne sheep are dying for want of water and feed, and it has been found necessary in places to kill tho lambB in order to save the lives of the ewes. The butchers here hav3 increased the price of meat to threepence half- penny a pound. ; Rookhampton, Thursday. The Cnskms receipts for the month show an increase over those of the corresponding peried of last year of several hundred pounds. A thief yesterday ran off with a case of jewellery valued at fifty pounds from the counter of a pawnbroker's shop, but was quickly captured. ; The refrigerating maobineiy for the Meat Export. Company was landed to-day from the Mtrkura. .There was a heavy thunderstorm last night, the rainfall being, considerable. ( This morning the sky -was clear. ? JRUCEPTIONH AT GOVKBNHBNT HotTSB— We are requested fo announce that the usual Satur. day afternoon reoeptibns af;Government'HouBe will be resvimed next Saturday from i 'to 6 ?' o'clock. ' Apoilo Oasdlb Company. — The direotors off the Apollo Stearine Candle Company have issued invitations to witness the opening of their new works at Bulimba, to-morrow. The Franois Cadell will take the guests down the river, leaving Messrs. Gibbs, Bright, and Oo.'s whatf at 11 a.m. . ;. .., Pjuhtbsbob Pbm»,.b. — This gentleman must have felt it a compliment to himself and his entertainment that, notwithstanding the' bad state of the weather, -his leoture on astronomy last night, was Bo.well attended. The subject is undoubtof'y a very interesting one, and the manner in whioh it is treated and illustrated byj the professor, cannot fail to be attractive The beautiful serieB of views of London con. oluded tho evening. Toriiight the second part aud conclusion of the luoture on Astrouomy will ba;delive'rea, including the beautiful illustration of a total eolipse of tho sun, with all its startl ing surroundings. A special stage is being erected for the proper diBplay of ' Pepper'a Ghost,' whioh will be shown to-morrow /night for the first time. Tho ghost effects will be introduced in two Bketohes, entitled ' Pygma lion aud Gitlatea,' rid the ' Speotre of the Oastlo of Udolpiio.' ' '.'''? QuEH'aaLATO! Punch.'— The.-, September number, jint to hand; completes the third Tolume, and reminds in that ou? witty contem porary is now three years old. Judging from the number before us it is thriving amazingly; growing strongor financially and intellectually with incrertaing years. The cartoon! '''Ariadne in Moreton Bay ' is a work of: art that any artist might well be proud of.: A supplement is also given- consist:-ig of '? woll.exeo'uted- por. traits of tho Royal . Princes, ;our, late visitors, with a viow of the detached ;«quadron in More ton Bay. All the illuBtratipuB this month are, if anything, better than usual, whioh Js saying a ^reut deal. Tho doiugn of the month is excellently rendrrcA; ' Oeorge's JTanoy' and 'Scene iu the Cloak- room,. Citizen's Ball' being both of them gems, The literary matter is also up to the average. 'A Fashionable Beauty's JJiary ' is smartly written but not in particularly good tuito, and it tikes up dauger our grouud in a small community like.,thie, where everybody knows everybody else, and all they do or say in particular. The 'writer's diaguine is so very thin that ev.eiy.body who is hit will have little difficulty in 'spotting the hitter. Moreover, it is not quite fair for ' a fashionable beauty' to make 1'tineh the medium of publishing spiteful and stinging .personal remarks respeoting worthy people whom she happonB to disljke personally, for.no butter rea son, apparently, than beexust she diBlikes them. PoiHra CquKT.-r-Afr the Polios Court- this morn'-)g, before the Assistant Polioe Magis trate and A R. Jones, J.P., one drunkard was discharged, and Charles Stewart, for disorderly conduct, was fned £1, with the option of forty, eight hours. in the cells; and for wilful de straotion of property was ordered to pay 30b., the value of tho property destroyed — 'n- default, fourteen days imprisonment. Ohas. PlcjuB and SylveBter Pious were- brought! up charged with the larceny of u pair of pigeons, the property of- Henry Williami). Gonstible Fahey eaid that he arrested the acoiisud' tlii morning at Wiokhmn Terrace. A hoy named Williams complainel to him about hayiug lost some pigeons. When limited pri soner (Chas. Pious) said he had eomo pigeons lust night, bat hud lot them go. '['be other priHoner said be knew uotbiue about the pigeons. Henry Williams said that heilived on Wrckham Terraco. On the night before last he heard tho dogs barking and went to the door. This pigeons wore in a box nour the fence, and were making a noise. Saw two b vb run away from near the pigeon box Wont over to the box and found that two of the pigeon* were gono. Could not. recognise the prisoners. About six o'olook yesterday evening went down to the accuseds' plaoo, anil a-ked them if they had any pigeons to pell, to which OhaB Pious replied tbai ho had, and that he would sell ono for two nhillinga. Looked under tho house and saw somo.pigeans resembl ing those whioh he had loBt. Saw the con stable this morning and askeu him to accompany him to the aoouBoda' residence. Tho prisoners, wore diochiirgod. ' 