WHEN THE YBAB COMES IN. Gathering Tdundthe fire at toad-aight when the year is on (be wane, 'With the happy faces round us, love-lints m * /Ef& goldto'cbam; While the laughing words that's spoken In the circle all unbroken, Ere the clock give* oat the token, \- . When the year cornea in, iWmc at Home, from chnrah towera pealing, chime the sweet hell* o'er the snow, When to join the dim ghost centuries the passing year doth go j Whd« the " clamour and the clangor " Of the hell-tongue iron hammer Ringi loud o'er town and manor, ~ ~ ~ ~ When the .year oomea m,. On the wide and atormy ocean, where the good ship holds its way, Comes the new year westward o'er the watte of tossing spray j If ttsm&tcs; watching pass the greeting, Thinking on the dear ones meeting Far from where the waves are beating, Whan the vur nnmai in On the, tented field the sentry throngh the nightfkeepe witch and w§rd, Where tnennnecl host lias sleeping far across the tented award; Sweet homo shadows rise before him, Memories o! the paat come o'er him, Saantingfaocs sweet restoring, When the year comes in. Far beyond our inland mountains, where the pioneer makes his home, There river floods are cradled in the dry land hot and lone; On the plains the flocks are feeding, 'When the whirling sand blasts speeding By the shallow streams receding, When the year cornea in. We have seen tho circling seasons in tho year that's passed away ; Fiery rammer, rollen winter; day and night succeeding day; Thnnder'bnrata of passing winter j Glittering lightning, jagged splinter? ; Spring-time sweet, thon summer enters, When the year comes in. Joy to all *nd new year's greeting, round onr Ma-girt land once mora, From tho south-land's sonthmost head-land to tho diet-ant northorn ahora; Tboro wc moet aa follow mortals, By the new year's open portals, On the threshold of tho morning, When tho year comcs in. Bring in tho harvest treasures for to crown the year of poaco ; The toil of sickle and of shears-the sheaf and gath'rod flrcoe; While the eastern star* that's burning 'Ne*th tho purnlo arch of morning Proclaim that day's returning, As tho year comes in. IJ.O.8. . repela, January 1,1881. 