A LASTING MEMORY. THE night of my return I went to the Haymarket Theatre. After my long wanderings my arrival had disappointed me. It was a dull November Saturday, London was not full, and I found scarcely any of the greetings I had longed for and expected. My few relatives were absent; in the C:ubs I belonged to I only found strangers. Time hung heavy on my hands after the strange scenes of the past five years. So I went to the Haymarket. The little theatre had always been my fancy. I remembered it from very early youth—Farren, Webster, Buckstone, Howe, Holl, Mrs. Nisbit, Mrs. Glover, Julia Bennet, and Miss P. Horton. I have never been a great theatre goer or devotee of the drams, and my knowledge of the trical history is pretty well confined to the Haymarket. CHAPTER I. THESE was rather a long en.fr 1 acte, and my mind, by instinct, but mistily went over different occasions of play-going. Hare I had been with A, and B, and C, in days when tho end of the play was the beginning of the evening. Newly opposite once existed a kind of hell upoti earth called Bob Croft's, whither young men went merely because it was disreputable. Oace or twice in early youth I had been taken there, and "I had no's fancied it, for rough RmuEements had never been to my liking. At Mr. Crofi'a an ordinary evening generally ended in a fight, and a not very extraordinary one in a police invasion. Here 1 hsd been kept from harm's way by Jock Campbell!—since dead. Once—the remembsance followed quick—I bad corns to the theatre in a box with Jock Campbell aod ethers. Among them wse Lydia Mdinveearing. Tbe play was the same as that now being acted—the " School for Scandal." I glanced at the box we had occupied. It was empty. The curtain again rang up. Another entr'acte. The box was still empty, I sighed. My longed-for return had been such a disappointment. I had almoBi expected to see some friend in the box. Curious—in a box near it two hands in black gloveB ara holding an opera glass directed toward m«. The wrists seem familiar, small, but with hard wirey Binews expressing power and strength. The next time I looked up, the hands and the glass are there no longer, and their owner haB retired to the back of the box. Tne play was over, and a well-known farce was about to commence. The stalls were hslf-emptied, when a weli-known face came and greeted me. It was Sir Esme Egerton, once a schoolfellow, then a clergyman—a vocation he had renounced on succeeding to a baronetcy and a property. Ha was a kindly, dull man. " Westerham," ho paid, " I had BO idea you were in London." "I have only just returned after nearly five years, •.-.*,the two Americas." " I knew you were travelling BomewLio.o, but no one ever heard from you." " I wrote to so few people," I answered; "and no one wrote to me. I have been beyond the range of all news, public or private." " Then, I daresay, you never heard of my marriage ? Come up and make the acquaintance of my wife." He took me to the box in which I had seen the black gloves. " My dear, I don't think you ever knew my lold frier.d Lord Westerbam, though I believe you come from the s&me; country and bare the same name. He has just returned f?om South America." Lady Egerton bowed for a moment without a word. Tnen, as though to make reparation, she said: " I am always glad, Esme, to B?e my of your friends. Welcome home, I should say, Lord Wester ham I know you already from Esme and others." I; was the same voice and the same gesture SB before—I mixture of defiance and submission, of resentment and fear. To Esme her hearing WAS affectionate and caressing, almost compassionate and full of gratitude. But to ms Lydia Mainwearing Bhowed no sign of recognition. " I was eurprisad to hear of Sir E3me's marriage jusi now. I have had no letters for months, and have seen no newspapers except in the iasfcfsw weeks." " Won't you ask the wanderer to dine tomorrow ?" suggested the husband. " I hope you will come, Lord Weaierham. Esme will long to he«r your adventures ; and," ehe added, more slowly, and with an emphasis perceptible only to myself—" and th«y will interest me, too," she continued. " I feel a lit tic chilly, Esaie, aud I should like to go home." He begged me to esc rt his wife downstairs while he looked out for the carriage. When aloue eha Slid no word of recognition or raminisceEee. " You mast have seen the play before, Lord WesterhatQ." " Once," I replied, " a long time ago, from the box next to this one." "Then you will remember to-morrow," she said a« she entered the carriage. " I know your promises are sacred. Goodnight." CHAPTER II. MY youth was most unhappy. My mother had married a second time a Welsh clergyman, who had speculated on her family. She was the sister, and later the heir general, of Lord Westerham, who, having two boys and an encumbered estate, could do little for er, even if so inclined. Tao death of his two bojs made but little change ia hie nclination, as it seemed to embitter his wife, a hard Scotch Puritan, toward those who were to succeed to! the inheritance of her sons. Nor did it improve the disposition toward me of my step-father. Small as were my prospects, they stood in the way of his son, my step-brother—an impulsive, choleric, sickly boy, who died before his fathers. But my early life and home were unhappy. My small patrimony was seized on by my step-father, who grudged me the food and shelter he gave me for my own money. Things could not last thus. At an early age I therefore found myself living in London with a distant cousin, a conveyancer, who gave me a latch-key, and allowed me to have my own way, under the guidance of another distant relative, a sporting man and a scapegrace. It was under his patronage that I became acquainted with the establishment of Mr. Robert Croft. It is a wonder to me now that I was not ruined in puree and reputation before I reached the age of nineteen. Fortunately, I disliked the society into which I eas initiated, and after the first flattering assurance that I was " seeing life," I backed out of Mr. Croft's intimate circle. Indeed I never entered into his establishment above two or three times—once with my cousin, who, having secured me the entree, allowed me alone to improve the occasion. It was on my third and last appearance that I made the acquaintance of Jock Campbell. _ After dining alone with the conveyancer, { I left him to do his work, went to the I theatre, and sat in the stalls next Jock. I ; looked much younger than my age, which was not more than seventeen. When I left the theatre I crossed tbe Haymarket and passed op tbe little court which led to Croft's. I had engaged to meet my scapegrace couein there. He had dazzled me with tbe promise of taking me to a scene of even greater blies. At the door of' Bob Croft's, waiting for it to be opened at the necessary signal, stood the tall, heavy, but wellproportioned form that had sat next me at the theatre. Looking at me as we entered, he said in a tone of compassion : " Hillo ! young man, you are beginning early." I half-resented his remarks, and with an air of superiority, I asked the waiter if Mr. Alan M'Tavish had arrived. "Alan M'Tavish 1" Jock Campbell murmured to himself as, on learning that my cousin had not arrived, I walked into the first room. Tbe rooms were small and crowded. The gas flamed, but the floors were sanded. The space was divided into boxes, of which only two eides were fenced off. The atmosphere was thick with smoke; and there was to be found the refuse of race-courses and singing-halls, with a arge sprinkling of young men of the upper and middle classes, guardsmen, and others who, like myself, imagined they were enjoying life. Jock Campbell entered as a king, and was rapturously greeted by all the assembly. He was a splendid fellow, tall, at least six feet four, muscular, with great breadth of shoulders, powerful arms, and a handsome high-bred, fair-complexioned face, on which ho wore a moustache—an ornament only known in those days to men who, like himself, were in the cavalry. " Good-night, Jjck," the mob cried out. " Good-night," he responded cheerily ; and notwithstanding the vile surroundiage, his presence and his voice slowed the good there was in the man. He was not more than four-and-twenty, and thft days had not; died out, now alcnosfc forgotten, when debauchery was deemed the extreme of wit and good company. Spring-heeled Jacks wrenching off doorknockers, midnight surprises, fights In the street, attacks on the police—these were the pleasures of many young men of the world, now staid grandfathers and lights in their generation. Jock Campbell had fallen into these ways from high spirits rather than from depravity. He was full of energy, strong, handsome and beloved—beaming with sympathy, which was enlisted by his companions for the moment, whether these were innocent or the reverse. Belonging to a regiment in which such pursuits were the vogue, he plunged readily into them. But he was equally popular in ball-rooms with maiden aunts, or even little children, for he was only pleased with giving pleasure. Waiting for my cousin, I called ostentatiously for a glass of "pale white," the synonym for brandy and water in an unlicensed institution. An inner feeling seemed to t'eU me that Jock Csmpbell had his eye on me; and half-resentful, yet half-fascinated, I followed him upstairs with my brandy and water in my hand. The room Tvas much larger, as supper could be obtained there, and a table stood very nearly the whole length of the room, covered with a cloth spotted with gravy, beer, and strong drink. I sat down at an occupied cornar of this, sipping my brandy and water, and smoking a cigar, a .newly-acquired accomplishment. A man with a broken nose, named Shepherd, a betting man, sat at the other end. The rest of the room was crowded; for it was known Jock Campbell, who had a beautiful voice, would be asked to slug a song. " Come, Jock—a song ?" they all cried ; and h9 trolled forth, in a rich, strong teaor, an Irish song with a rolicking chorus, in which the whole rooai joined. "Eacore! encore!" shouted the crowd. " I 'ope the Bong won't be so noisy, capt∈," said Mr. Bob Croft, " acoB of the peelers." "All right," said Jock Campbell, aB he took a puff of his cigar, looking me straight in the face; and leaning his chin on his hsnd, he Bang in a minor key, and in a low tone, a pathetic Scotch song. The effect was extraordinary. The crowd was hushed while he sang ; and when he ended, the lost, hardened women present were crying and sobbing like children. On mystlf the effect was electrical. I had often heard the song in my home, and had always been told that it was unpublished, and related to an event in our family history. It aefc me musing. "Come, young man," said the brokennosed ruffim at the end of the table; " don't you know it's your duty to stand the company with champagne round ?" I was quite dazed with the speech. " If you go wool-gathering, young man," continued Shepherd, " I'll bring you to soon enough." "Don't be too hard on the youngster, Tiai Shepherd," said Jock Campbell. " If he don't stand champagne, I'll knock his head off," replied the bnlly. "No, you won't, Tim," rejoined Jock.. "A big fellow like you can't hit a child like that." "No, you can't, Tim," said the company. " We dou' fc want no champagne." " You shall have some, however," declared Jock Campbell; and he ordered half a dozen of Mr. Croft, who brought it up himBelf. " By this time Jock Campbell had come near me. " You must take a gleas, youngster," he said, " if only for the sake of my song. Do you kuow it ?" " Yea," I answered. " In my family it ia known as the song of Lydia M*lnwaring, ths Welsh girl who loved the Scotchman." " Where do you live, my boy ? You had better go home." " I am waiting for someone." " Alan M'Tavish won't come here to-nieht. He has been taken to sponging- bouse. You had better leave this, as there is sure to be a row Boon. Can I give you a lift ?" 1 live in Biker-street." "What! with old Calver'o M'Tavish ? It ia not far out of my way to the barracks." His brougham was standing at the door, and he took me home. " Don't go any mora to Bob Croft's," he said at parting. "Trust to my word, it is not good for you, and my name is Jock Campbell. We shall meet soon." CHAPTEB III. ALAN M'TAVISH was soon set free from tho sponging-house. Calvert was rich, and his mission seemed to be the release of Alan from arrest. He was a quaint, kindhearted, yet selfish old man, who had discovered the secret tbat immediate compliance saved a great deal of trouble. His only hobby was his profession, which had produced, and was producing, a good deal of money. To a great part of this his few relatives seemed welcome. Alan helped himself freely, and was only arrested when Calvert was out of town. I was far more humble and contented myself with my small means—ample enough, as Calvert would not hear of my paying for bed or board. "Who is Jock Campbell?'' I aBked of Alan. "As good a fellow aa ever lived. A captain in the—, and a kind of cousin of yours and mine. Did you ever hear the songof Lydia Mainwaring ?'' . " YeB, I have—often." Somehow or other I did not like to tell the manner in which I had lasfe heard it. "Well, since the loves of Lydia, and of Jock her lover, the names of Mainwaring and Campbell have been intertwined In ahnost ^very genera tioD. You, at least your mother, •a a Mainwaring. Lord Westerham has narried a Campbell, but Lady Westerham has nearer Mainwaring relations than her huBband. Jock'C itnpbell is her nephew, and she haB a girl living with her, half-cousin, half-dependent, whose name Is Lydia Mainwaring, and whose relationship to Lord Westerham is scarcely appreciable." " I wish I knew my relations," I said with * sigh. " I have so few respectable acquaintances ." "Am I not sufficient?" asked Alan. "Well, perhaps I am not respectable," he replied, in his turn. "You know," he went on to say, " the difficulty. Lady Westerham has a crochet, and your step-father ia a brute. But you certainly ahould know more people. It won't do for your acquaintance to be confined to Calvert aad myself. I'll think it over. Juet lend me a couple of pounds." CHAPTERJIV. LOED and Lidy Westerham came to town, and Jock Campbell insisted on their asking me to dinner.. Lord Westerham was a heavy, high-bred man, interested in agriculture, and deep in reviews and newspapers. L*ay Westerham waB the real figure round which was grouped the family history. Aged, with hair grey under a cap, dressed in x great deal of rich and old laceB, she was in every respect the grande dame. Her manners at first were somewhat assuring; but there was a hardness in her well-cut features, and a look almost ferocious in her eyes, overhung by bushy eyebrows, which impressed you very soon with the feeling almost of cruelty. She seldom smiled; and never laughed ; and her ey«, with an expression of command and triumph, was constantly searching the looks and watching the move- ments of Lydia Mainwaring. It was impossible to see this girl without pitying her. She was very beautiful, but never appeared happy. Her eyes wore a startled look, like that of a deer on the alert —BomefcjmeB alaiost a look of terror. It was easy to learn the secret. Lady WeBterham never left her alone, never omitted eorce phase that mu'.t cut her to the heart. If she spoke to Jock Campbell or myself, she was bidden to leave the room. If absent, she was recalled and cross-questioned as to her doings. For Jook Campbell alone had Lady Westerham any affection. He was htr nearest relation and her heir. It wai principally on her income that Lord Westerham i managed to keep up CaBtle Creasy, his house over the Scotch border. Even Lidy Westerham's hard nature yielded to Jock's sunny presence. H* seemed to have same dominating influence over her, which, at times, reduced her to silence in the middle of a cutting remark to Lydia. To him LvdJn —J ner few plpnouvoc. vrnen she went rarely to the theatre, it was with Jock and myself, under the chaperonage of Calvert M'Tavish. To myself, Lidy Westerham was very gracious. " I am glad to know you, Mr. Masters," she SBid, with a slight Scotch accent," for we are doubly cousins; and in Scotland, more than elsewhere, we-hold the docbtine that blood is thicker than water. I am Campbell and Mainwaring, and nothing else. ThiB girl ia a Mainwaring, and her mother waB a Campbell, and that's why she lives here, Mr. Masters." " I suppose she is a cousin also ?" I said, snaking hands with the poor girl, and rather glad to claim relationship with her. " Yes, in a kind of way. Lydia, you had better go through the accounts." Without a word Lydia left the room. A year or two after my acquaintance with the Westerhams my mother died, and I became the heir to the title and such estate as went with it. At the bidding of Lord Westerham, I assumed the name of Mainwaring, and in the Winter of the same year went with Jock Campbell to Castle Creasy. " Theo," he said to me in the train, after smoking in silence, " I want to take you into confidence." The tone in which he spoke impressed me. It seemed as though some turning-point of my life was presenting itself. We'll talk business," he said. "I have been thinking over matters, and I find that, barring my little sister in the country and Lady Westerham, I have no nearer relation than you. Now, I am not going to live long. My heart is shaky, and I know it; and I have no one to whom, as much as to your self, I can bequeath my confidences. My little sister is well provided for. She had exactly the same fortune as myself, and the accumulations will be considerable when she comes of age. I therefore intend dividing my own fortune into two parts—one I shall leave to her aud one to you." I made some gesture of deprecation. " Don't interrupt me, and don't think I shall leave you your share absolutely. I hope not to die just yet; but when I do, you will receive a letter, making a charge on the money I leave you. This is what lawyers call a secret trust. It is not legally binding; but you, I know, will respect it. I do not even ask you to give me your word. You will know the letter to be genuine, both from my handwriting and from two seals—this one I wear on my finger, and another with the initials ' L.M.'" The communication was so saddening that I could not find a word of reply. Probably my silence pleased him more than phrases. I hope so. CHAPTER V. CASTLE Creasy is a very lonely place. The house is built in granite, with a moat round it, now dry and grown in grasB. The ghost of Lydia Mainwaring haunts one portion of it—a long corridor, with bachelors' rooms and ending in a billiard-room. The house was more gloomy than necessary, owing to its half-tenantless state. It was rare that any visitors were admitted to the house, partly from the want of income, partly from the almost ascetic seclusion of its masters since the death of the two sons. One custom alone partly relieved the oppressive character of the residence. Gas—not long introduced into country houses—was kept burning all night in different portions of the building. This was absolutely necessary in case of any night alarm, and made up for the small number of the servants. Jock anl I walked through the large, gloomy hall. "There is the heroine of the song," she said. I looked up, and either in imagination or reality saw a striking likeness of the present Lydia Mainwaring. We went up an oaken staircase and passed a long gallery. Then we were received by the master aud mistress of the house. Lydia Mainwaring was with them, her eyes more 3tartled and fear-stricken than before. The likeness to the picture again struck me. Lord Westerham received us in a kind but somewhat reserved manner. Lady Westerham kissed Jock on the forehead. Then she turned to me and said: " I must bid you welcome, Mr. Mainwaring, though you will enjoy the inheritance •of my sons." Lydia shook hands with us with a look aa though she feared a blow. "Perhaps you will go to your roons to dress," interposed Lady Westerham. * They are in the bachelor's wing. Lydia, ring the bell." Jock seemed half-inclined to mate some joking observation, but the whole atmosphere was too chilling and oppressive, and we followed the butler to our rooms." The corridor in which they were situated was entered by a flight of four or fi?e steps. Over the entrance there was a dim gaslight. The same over the door of the billiard-room opposite. It contained twelve rooms, six on either side. These were furnished in the rough style with which bachelors used formerly to be treated. There A was a bed very little better than a ploughman's, with a dimity curtain. Patches of carpet were placed here and there. The wash-hand- stand was of common painted deal, and the dressing-table was covered with an unbleached cloth, on which stood a small, plain looking-glass. The windows had shutters, but only two plain calico curtains ; kand a battered tin bath stood in one corner. "My servant will look after Mr. Mainwaring," said Jock to the butler. " Which room would you like, Theo ?" he continued. I mechanically took the first on the left. Jock took the next. "We must have afire, Waters," said Jock Campbell to the butler. " My lady has said nothing to .me about it," answered the latter. "Well, Waters, I'll take the risk upon myself, and pay you for the coals in case of necessity." Jock spoke half in jest, but it was clear that the jest was half in earnest. As our stay continued, it became no easier. Hitherto I had never shot, and Jock initiated me into the mysteries of the art, for which I hadcontracteda passion. I sometimes thought he seemed to tire himself to please me by staying out as long as possible, and more than once he seemed worn out on our return; but he was so unselfish that he appeared for my sake to be as greedy of the amusement as myself. One evening we were later than usual, and when we returned to dinner he was deadly pale. Lydia looked at him with an anxiety I had never before seen, and her gaze of terror intensified. We never sat up very late, and that night we were both tired. " Good night, Theo, boy," said Jock, cheerfully ; " sleep well and God bless you." I always had slept well, but at Castle Creasy I slept better than usual after all my exercise and out-of-door life. But I was restless. Perhaps I had overstrained my nerves, or had drunk too much whiskey. I slept, but not soundly—liiud of sleep in whinh the senses are very acute. It must have been about one o'clock when I started up in my bed. I had distinctly heard the entrance door of the passage open. Then there were thuds aB though some heavy substance was falling from step to step. Then I heard a heavy sigh and a sweeping sound, as though the same heavy load was being dragged slowly along the passage, till it stopped for a moment. I could resist my feelings no longer. I leaped up from my bed and opened the door, and I saw Lydia Mainwaring, scared and wan, tho perspiration streaming down her cheeks, dragging along the floor the dead body of Jock Campbell. He was dressed in hiB evening waistcoat and trousers, with a lighter smoking jacket I had often seen. His smokiDg cap had fallen off, and lay near the steps. My eye caught Lydia's. She did not say a word, but lifted her hand with a meaning I never conceived a gesture could express, and gazing at me, with a look of terror and entreaty, I felt I knew her prayer, and returned to my room. The dragging noise stm , fin ifc came opposite Jock's room. I heard it in the rOom itself. Then there was a pause. Meanwhile I had not gone to bed again, but hastily putting on some clothes, I waited what was to come. In about a quarter of an hour my own door opened, and Lydia beckoned to me silently. She said hut a few words in a whisper so low that, except for the silence round, it would have been inaudible. "He died in my room," ehe said. This was all. The next day Jock Campbell was found lying dead on his bed. Nothing in the room was disturbed. His cap lay near him. His clothes bore no trace of the ghastly journey. The authorities who investigated the matter reported that he "died by the visitation of God." It was a true verdict, as the heart disease of which he had spoken to mo had killed him. In the night before his funeral, at the hour of his death, I heard the door open once again. Again Lydia walked down the steps and again came to my room. Together we went and prayed by the side of his coffin. "Cousin Theo," she said to me, "you know that he loved you aa we both loved him. I must never see you again if I oan help it. Never seek me; and if we meet let us do so as strangers. I ask .you this favour on his coffin." I pressed her hand and gave her tho promise. Then she kissed the coffin and glided noiselessly from the corridor. I did not see her again. The next night Lady Westerham sent for me. She said to me hardly: The grave has closed over Jook. He is gone. My sons are gone. Doubtless you will enjoy their inheritance. I do not love you, but I am not unjust. Let us never meet again." Next day I left • the house. Calvert M'Tavish was Jock's executor, and his will was as he had announced it. But tho letter never reached me. I was nearly twenty-one, and Calvert M'Tavish, my next friend, agreed to my travelling. I had always longed for adventure, and my first journey was to the deserted cities of Central America. At Gautemala I had heard of the death of Lord Westerham, followed shortly after by that of his wife. The latter had left me her fortune, which was not very large, as her will expressed it, "out of pure justice." It was oharged with an annuity for Lydia Mainwaring. I knew I was well off, but nothing more. Out of Jock Campbell's legacy I had put by one-half religiously as a reserve against the secret trust, which as yet had never been communicated to me. I dined, as invited, the next day with Sir Esmer and Lady Egerton. There was but one guest beside myBelf. It was Jock Campbell's sister. She is now my wife. The day after our marriage Lady Egerton inclosed me a letter. It was the secret trust of Jock Campbell. It ran thus: " DEABEST THEO., This is my secret trust. If Lydia Manwaring is ever in want of money, give her half my legacy to you. She is the one love of my life. "If you die without heirs, bequeath the sum I have left you to my sister. It is my dying wish that you should marry her. Good- bye, dear young cousin. Your affectionate cousin, " JOCK. T nrnr » IT was the opinion of Thackeray—and he expressed it both in his conversation and his works—that the quality of hospitality was rather allied to that of mercy, and he cited a very familiar sentiment in a speech of Portia's in support of his view. "A dinner party," he used to say, quoting her, " was twice blessed >-it blessed him that gave and him that took."—Globe. To say that a book is disagreeable is sometimes considered rather a school-girlish kind of criticism; but, as a matter of fact, it is nothing «f the kind. It is the business of a book, as of every work of art, to be agreeable ; and in so far as it fails of this, it fails of goQd&ess.;~-.4aufe0ty. 