FOREST CREEK WATTLE GULLY. COMPANY. The machinery of the above company was started yesterday afternoon in the presence of the directors. Hearing that the Minister of Mines was coming to Wattle Gully about the hour fixed, they met him on his way from the train at Chewton, and invited him to perform the cele bration of christening the engine. He readily complied with this request, but had to delay till he despatched the business for which he specially came. The machinery will not be taken de- livery of from the contractor for another fort- night, but the trial which was made of it yes terday was thoroughly satisfactory. All the works connected with the foundation and the beams in the engine-house are of the most sub stantial description. A large wooden house, with a zinc roof, encloses the plant. The engine, which was purchased at Ballarat, has a cylinder of 18 inches, and is about 33 h.p. It was made by the Canal Basin Co., a firm noted for sound workmanship. The boiler is 64 feet in diameter and 26 feet long. The construction of the plant was under the superintendence of Mr Middle- ton, engineer, who was present at the christen ing. The poppet heads which are 50 feet high form a conspicuous object, and there is a sub stantial broad step ladder, with strong rails that lead from the surface landing to the brace, which is so high that it commands a good view of the surrounding country. The directors made an inspection of the surface works, and after wards held a meeting on the ground, when they decided to purchase a steel rope of about 1000 feet long, so that it may haul up stuff for that depth. After the arrival of the Minister of Mines, the party repaired to the engine-house, and Mr Cunnack, ohoirman of directors, in timated that Mr Williams had kindly consented to start the machinery, and the latter gentleman at once proceeded to do his part. Mr Williams said it was always usual to begin by giving some name to things that were possessed, and even in life this was done to identify our individuality by a name that sticks to us through life. With regard to M ning Companies, they too got names by which they were known to the public, some of those, when belonging to large dividend paying Companies, became contagious and spread to others, such as the Hustlers, the Hustler's Extended, the New Chum, and the like. He now by request, gave the name of the Company, the Forest Creek Wattle Gully Company, to the machinery. In doing this he broke on the fly wheel a bottle of champagne, amidst cheers, and the starting of the machinery. After this ceremony he ex pressed the hope that the engine now started would not be wound up till it brought fortunes to the promoters. He regretted that the Companies about Castlemaine had only been scratching, not far from the surface, yet all the surface indications around, that he saw, were as good as those of Sandhurst. This being so, he said, without meaning to offend, that the Companies had not deserved suocess. In Sand hurst shafts were sunk 1200 to 1600 feet ; at Stawell the Magdala shaft was down 2400 feet, and a bore was put down to 3000 feet, with a view to seeing what could be found, and if they exhumed the earth, they would be re warded at Chewton as in other localities. Im proved mining appliances rendered deep sinking more easy now than it was to work to a depth of 150 or 200 feet, 20 years ago. The engine they had would wind 900 or 1000 feet if used to its capacity, and if this sinking was continued, he hoped to hear of Forest Creek emerging from gloom. They had taken rich gold from the gullies, and had to look for the balance of it elsewhere. So far they had not prospected the country like to what was done elsewhere, and when they did this, then he hoped to see min ing flourishing with them. For the last 12 months the yields from mining showed an increase, though previously there had been a gradual yearly declension going on for 15 or 16 years. The gold production for the year was from 60,000 to 70,000 oz beyond the previous one, and there was also an increased number of miners employed. In this district there was the same wealth as in other districts, and he hoped to hear soon of a revival like to that which had taken place at Reedy Creek, whiah had at one time been nearly abandoned. Let them show that Castlemaine is not to continue behind in the race. He thought it no discouragement to hear of gold being only found in leaders, for he was certain that at greater depths these would converge into reefs, that would make the for- tune of shareholders. Hard shafts were now being sunk by percussion drills in a third of the time formerly occupied. It was alleged that the health of miners was being injured by the fumes of dynamite, and this necessitated better venti lation in mines. In Sandhurst he had seen miners walking about like ghosts, and for min- ing to be advantageous, health must be pre served. He hoped to come again to Wattle Gully and see the machinery supplanted by that more powerful. In thanking them for ask ing him to christen the machine, he had to hope that it would enable them to procure something on a more magnificent scale. (Cheers.) Mr Cunnack, chairman of the directors, then proposed success to the Forest Creek Wattle Gully Company. He was persuaded that if instead of scratching at the surface, shafts had been sunk deep over lines of reef, better results would have ensued. The machinery now started was for the purpose of getting to the deep ground. In Sand hurst, 200 to 300 feet had been sunk in barren ground, and he was persuaded that Wattle Gully, when properly tried would be the Garden Gully of Castlemaine. If the directors were backed by the shareholders, they would get to the deep ground and do away with the term of "Sleepy Hollow" that had been applied to it. Mr Couchman having said he wished to pro pose a toast, glasses were charged. He remarked that_ ho concurred in the opinion of the Minister that the indications of the reefs were as good here as at Sandhurst. By sinking there was a good show for payable gold; and this was becoming less expensive by the application of diamond drills and percussion drills. If the people united, the district would come to the front. He proposed the health of the Company and hoped it would come to a successful issue. (Cheers). Mr M'Greger proposed the health of the Minis ter of Mines, which was drank with musical honours. In responding, Mr Williams said he was happy to do anything that would contribute to the good of the country. (Cheers). Mr. Williams proposed the health of Mr Cun nack, which was enthusiastically drank, and after Mr Cunnack responded, the company broke up. 