ENGLISH AND FOREIGN AFFAIRS. /(I'llOM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) LONDON, OCT. 21. the " resources of civilization" to which Mr. uiad Hone menacingly alluded at Leeds have been on or radically invoked to restore order in Ireland. The last ten days has witnessed quite a revolution in the Government policy towards that distracted country, and the swiftly Bucccoding acts of repression have entirely transformed the political and social aspect of the country. The momentous decision of the Cabinet was taken on Wednesday week, and son expected was it that on the morrow of the Cabinet Council no one anticipated a response to vigorous measures, and even the Times, in what seemed an "inspired" leader, confidently declared that the patience of the Cabinet was not yet tjdiaustceL Yet at that moment Mr. Forster was on his way to Dublin armed with plenary powers, and on the following morning Mr. Parnell was a prisoner. The arrest of the leader of the League was met with in appearance of defiance by the League Mr. Dillon SM nominated head of the organization, and it was bravely announced that the imprisonment of Mr. Parnell would in no way affect the agitation. These declarations were met by the arrest of Mr. Dillon, Mr. Loxton, and Mr. Quinn. The last was the secretary of the League since Mr. Bronmin's imprisonment Unlike his predecessor, however, Mr. Quinn had never made any speeches, and had confined himself wholly to the secretarial work of the League. The warrant for his ghost-like thosoofsomoof the later suspected, charged (him with being reasonably suspected of " treasonable practices." Mr. Quinn's arrest pointed clearly to an intention on the part of the Government to suppress the League itself. Why this course was delayed excited some surprise, but it was generally believed that the Government were unwilling to re-awaken the susceptibilities of their Radical supporters, by proceed eyes to such an extreme course without some further provocation. This provocation was finally effected by the League itself. It had been the intention of Mr. Forster to seize all the members of the League Executive with the three already mentioned. But Mr. Arthur O'Connor, who had just taken OTT the strings of the organization from Mr. Sexton, contrived to make his escape to England, and Mr. Healy, who was in England, was stopped at Holyhead by a special messenger sent by his friends in Dublin. It was announced that arrangements were being made to transfer the head-quarters of the agitation to some town in England. The Land League, as such, met for the last time on Monday last. At that meeting an inflated manifesto purporting to be signed by the imprisoned leaders, including Michael Davitt at Portland, was lead, calling on the tenants to refuse to pay any rent whatever until the suspects were released, and the Government compelled to reverse their coercion policy. For some days, in fact, that the arrest of Mr. Parnell, the League had been showing signs of disorganization. A proclamation of the Government against boycotting was not without influence, for in many places the practice was discontinued, and the relaxation of the centrifugal pressure caused by the paralysis in Sackville- street shook the authority in the branches. The ill-judged manifesto of Monday last proved an act of sheer suicide. It thence- forward became the imperative duty of the Government to suppress the League. They could not consistently tonnage men individually to prison for inciting tenants potto pay their just rents, and permit an organization to east which openly preached that doctrine, and was prepared to enforce its ideas by merciless intimidation. Mr. Forster promptly replied to the insolent challenge if the League, and yesterday afternoon the formidable tody which has ruled Ireland for months was formally declared an illegal and criminal association, and that under whatsoever name it endeavoured to exist its meetings would be dispersed, if necessary by force and all persons belonging to it would be liable to arrest and imprisonment. It is too soon yet to judge what may be the immediate effects of the suppression of the Land League. The stories of insurrection and outbreaks which it was said would follow the adoption of vigorous methods of repression have been, so far, unfounded. as Dublin and Limerick riots occurred on the arrest of the leaders, but in both cases, and particularly with regard to the capital, the mobs consisted mainly of young persons, and they were actuated solely by a spirit of mischief. In Dublin some members of the corporation, a majority in fact, protested against the Government permitting the police to roam about the streets aggravating the people. To give no occasion for such complaints, Mr. Forster, on the following evening, withdrew most of the police within the barracks. This was followed by rowdy disturbances, in which some £10,000 worth of properly was destroyed. The protest of the council was therefore absurd. So far, the re- putable) citizens of Dublin seem gratified by the vigour of the Government, and the Leaguers have not dared openly to resent their suppression. Dublin politicians, either members or supporters of the League, or men who have found it profitable or con« incident to appear occasionally behind it, made an attempt at getting up an excitation over the arrest of vessel!, but their movement has speedily collapsed. Jil. E. H). Gray, M.P., and Mr. Dawson, for. (the Lord Mayor elect of Dublin) made themselves active in this way. They ended WORd to have the freedom of Dublin conferred W Mr. Parnell; but, finding an inconsiderable minority (a fourth of the council) in favour of the project, it was abandoned. Next Mr. Gray publicly declared that Mr. Forster was sending the police into we streets purposely to provoke a riot, in order to massacre the people. Moderate counsels brought home a Mr. Gray the folly of his proceedings, and he T warded off more serious consequences by immediately retracting his charges against Mr. Forster, and apologising for having made them. since then Mr. Gray has been no more heard, of and the sympathetic movement in favour of Mr. Parnell has subsided. Indeed, it may be already assumed that the arrest of the chief agitators and the break-up of the headquarters of the agitation have in speed courage and confidence in large masses of pcateably-disposod persons whom the apparently irresistible terrorism of the League had driven into unwilling adherence to its aims and rule boycotted farmers are once more venturing into a- light of day. and, notwithstanding the jnamfoEto, tenants are nearly in every case paying currents The efficacy of this manifesto, if there were ever a chance of its proving efficacious, has re Kivcd a damaging blow by the protest of Archbishop works The Archbishop of Cashel, as is well known, JJ thrown all his powerful influence into the wilds in favour of pardon and the Land argue. But he reads with surprise and elis Try the declaration of Monday last. He adheres the original object of the League to secure a fair 'one, and he feels himself bound to enter a solemn protest against the course adopted by the League at its w meeting. It is difficult to account for the march if SS entirely at variance with those counsels a calmness and moderation which the agitators SM previously given the people. A correspondent Nppuea an explanation which is probably not without truth. He put the question to a "press wnt individual connected with the late League, that personage frankly replied that the agitation had Mcotno impossible, owing to the manner it was hard Trial by the Government, and, if it had to die, it had water go. down with the colours nailed to the mast, simultaneously with the suppression of the Land issue the Land Court was formally opened. The PREM ings yesterday were merely formal, hut over T aPPl»M.tioti8 already wait the attention of the '"ss as? were necessary that any thing 24 should StamP the Court as as ."»?u-yuíbornianthat was supplied yesterday. In bouncing the Court opened, the registrar said, "I saw formally declare the Court of the Land League M!' v. million' startled by the hilarious laughter, the _5«Myml --easily corrected himself. "I mean." was. the Court of the Land Commission." The incident created much fun and BUCOSI was crocheted for an institution with such a characteristically Irish beginning loving six art the Land Court has exceedingly promising prospects In Lister of course the of time.s are 1 catch ring them elves t) like advantage of it and an important meeting of farmers yesterday in Annum resolved to take the steps requisite" to invol of the powers of the now Court. this as ops sol t vote of thanks to the Government From the State too numerous motor are coming (100 from the estate of Air Parnell s brother) and probably nothing will do so much to promote confidence in the Court than the Narracan cable manifestoes the League 1 In on the moon R telegrams report that one solicitor in I limerick has despatched no less than 1 0 applications to the Land Court ft in tenants in that county Dus morning annonymous notice was issued by the land Lessue advising the people to abandon all protected mci tings in connection with the League, Strong precautions have also been til on to prevent any communication with the prisoner in Kilmainham. 1 perhaps the most significant evidence of returning order is the announcement that a meeting will shortly be held in Dublin to support the action of the Government, In England, public opinion is almost unanimous in favour of the Government in without distinction of party people have come to the conclusion that patience was finally exhausted and that in the face of a reason able and dishonest agitation the time had come to reassert the authority of the Queen On the day of Mr Parnell s arrest Mr Gladstone was receiving a mark of honour from the City of London. On the receipt of the news Mr Gladstone referred to the arrest and his rofe CRISP was received with a perfect storm of cheering There was some thing more than more Jingoism in this outburst It has been echoed from end to end of the country and before such union the throats of the In li to drive the constituencies against the Liberals fall very flat A few beset lone ' were inclined to make some capital out of the action of the Government but the heads of the party have discountenanced any movement which would weaken the hands of the Government. rea turn and sun bath which was predicted has shown no signs of apps ring, and whether it come or no it cannot be said that the Government resorted to force a dix too soon Continental opinion generally has-, cordially approved of the action of the 1 nightie Government have a few extreme journals in Pin no one has ventured to chair- Mr Gladstone with undue harshness, The same may be said of America In Irish quarters, of course there is guN outcry but native Among us extent nosvmpathyto the indignation. Ihorolatious between 1 island and the United States were never so cordial and the wonderful demonstration of sympathy with 1 England at the York town celebration is a conclusive proof of this good feeling Even among the Irish themselves there are no appeals to the United States, as there used to be in prox loue crises They know they stand by themselves, and indeed their isolation cannot for a moment be gain said 110 Council has just arrived in the Scotia on a fund riding tour on behalf of the Le signs Uo has been boisterously received among the Amen in Irish , but it is not unlikely that the suppression of the ca uo may affect the financial pass; acts of his visit The recollection of the plunder of the 1 em in funds xxiii, no doubt make the Irish leaders in America early in entrusting their money to a secret organ after the supposed attempt to burn the Gun rd steamer Bothnia excites very little notice It is now well known that the infernal machine scan was got up by 0 Donovan Rossa, in order to obtain the Towards offered. If any attempt has been made to burn the Bothnia it emanates from the arno quart"!, and no doubt for similar intentions. the action of the Government has completely taken the wind out of the sails of Lord Salisbury I! went to Newcastle on the stump and the burden of his son was the weakness of the Government in dealing with the Irish agitation. I do him series of speeches was employed Ali, Forster had put his foot down in Dublin, and unfortunately for Lord Salisbury the force of his ferocious and unrefined criticisms was as much adrift as if the speech had been delivered a century ago Mr Gladstone a visit to code concluded in the path as it began His first effort was to address an immense assembly consisting of -'LOUD steps Tjnfoitunvtoly his exertions brought on alight line s which has confined him to Iiiwuuleu for ten days How over he is now up again but remains at his castle van to the authorities have thought it wise to place an extra-' guard of constables to protect him He lee In speeches were chiefly remarkable for his demolition of reciprocity and the address on lush iPur which was the precursor of the rous policy now adopted His attack on Parnell was svvitrpinL. and commerce while his von meagre part of of Mr. Dillon v 3 promptly repudiate by that agitator Mr Gladstone's references to the ' resources of civilization noticing exhausted 111 dealing with the unscrupulous agitation in Ireland, were received a manner which showed how ready the most liberal minded 1 nrhjhuicu were to re give the invocation (2 those n sources which has taken place in the city. Mr. Gladstone was received with much cordiality and altogether he Mr ntslr} attack in a most favour able light before the country in foreign affairs to the Government have been both successful and luck } Mr Glad tones reproof at Leeds to the forward school, xv o do are the immediate seizure of Egypt excited at Instant to impatience Consei, atives main it another chance a 111 to feel lo and unpatriotic Government. The In h action however, has shown that the Government was not incline, and that when put to it it know how to adopt a resolute policy Inlg}plian musters the Gover - month have acted with wis discretion They have not raised an African difficulty like that of France in punish any hasty proccedings but they have never the less, by prudent diplomacy proved their supremacy in the country of the Khedive. The Sultan's Envoy 3 have dop dated from Cairo having achieved nothing Then departure was accelerated by the arrival of a British and 1 French ironclad at Alexandria, and by Bro strong representations of Hon! Iiufenn at (in stantinople The envoys having gone the British Government has prudently secured the departure of the ironclads By this means they have not weakened the authority of the Khedive and yet they have shown the mutinous soldiers that there is a lower behind ' evil which must be reckoned with. Good luck as much as anything he has righted all hrs 111 Afghanistan His recapture of Candahar, with the defeat of Avov italian, has been followed up by the advance of the American troops to II or it. It is probable indeed that by this time the city is held for the Ameer. who i union of Afghanistan under Abdul Kaipara is a source of genuine gratification to the Indian and British "taken tie a. united Afghanistan under aux, rule was necessary to prevent the inroads of Poor 1 but it is much better that the rule should be the nominee of the British Government The Government n ex. said al 0 to have received satisfactory assurances li on the runs x ial In spite of their objections it is believed the oil spread will ratify the (onxpntionbelcroiiovcmbpi S the date on which the July allowed xv ii expire There is no chance x whatever that the Boers demands will be acceded to, and that they should be a ade H no1 credit- able to the Boers themselves, and c? mainly they do not justify the many good things we in aid of the Boers in Parliament this session Doubtless the malcontents of the InnGvaal xxiii profit by the example of Ireland, and discover that it is possible to have even a Gladstone Government too hard The meat brought by the Orient from Australia has been the best cargo yet received Its condition was 1 great improvement on any clue g we have yet had from Australia in the process of drawing it did nolo\hibifc that dampness and clamminess which characterised the other shipments. O wins: to arrangements made by the shippers Tnlh the Orient Company, the meat was kept on board Bufiicitndj long; to enable its being placed on the market in small quantities, and there was no dragging of the market us in the cases of the Proton and the CURED IN ex c whereas the prices re ah ed were not as high as might have been cape tod, considering the quality of the meat Uns however, N as entirely owing to the dulness of the market. The prices for both mutton and boer averaged and tor pound All English meat has been cheaper than usual, but during the past week it Ino ranged more than a penny a pound above that given for the meat from Australia. A peculiar and interesting discussion has been going on this week on the uses of Royalty. Mr Goldwin Smith, in a letter to one of the paper complained that we did not make enough out of our Hoy vi family, and that, as a matter of fact, our Royal personages had too little to do. the Prince of Wales, in opening a now I look at Swansea on Tuesday. took occasion to question the A views of his old friend." A estonia,, o loading at ticle appeared in the first place in the Times, con traversing the opinions of Mr Goldwin Smith. 'the prccodciicogivon to the article was remarkable and not fulfilled by either its importance or its merits. It is generally believed that tim rejoinder was inspired by the highest person in the land" Another unusual circumstance connecting Itojillv with the current topics of the day, is the elaborate family of the Pruno of W ales (through her private secretary) declining to become a patron of the movement got up by some ladies of society for the encourage heat of the the of articles, of dress of British manufacture, This movement: is suspiciously close to the 1 mr '1 radio propaganda, and is indeed carried on by the vines of gentlemen interested in the latter movement. -Nevertheless it has secured the adhesion of the Duche s of Edinburgh and some of the lesser lights of the Royal circle Those personage probably patronized it in manner of its origin of real objects , but the letter of Mr. Hol/man (on behalf of the Princess of Wales) to the Countess of Ilchester was no doubt inspired by some observant and well-informed authority It is in its way a pretty clear refutation of the ss ocious pretensions of those patriotic individuals who have taken our decaying ' industries in hand. From our files, of papers to the 21st October we extract the following European intelligence - POLIHC At the most important item in Mr Gladstone's series of open she went Leeds is that in which be referred to his possible retirement from public life at an early period in alluding to the subject he send a team- might ? once, and that very soon, when he should cease to DO unto the dry on the duties of the of a he now held Ihorevipro two men already possessed of fheirconfiJonce, already enshrined in their affliction, through the (ted by long experience, to whom he know with safety and advantage these duties might be handed over, and he then mounted Lord Granville as possible Premier, and Lord Hartington as leader of the local party in the House of Commons No one would wish to de- tract from Mr Gladstone as -great statesman or an eloquent or der, and, perhaps, too much Empire since ought not to be attached to utterances in ide under circumstances in which twenty-five to thirty thousand people were and with hero worship It would be too much to crepe t sound reasoning when the people are full of enthusiasm and prepared to (bear every word, whether sound or not, and under these can um ounces we take it that sober-minded people, whether or thereunto or the colonies, will not be much moved by the P ds display The Conservatives, too, live bid their fielded i, and the good town of Ixovv castle was the place honoured for the em- matter There Lord Salisbury and Sir Stafford Northcote addressed a crowded meeting-, and of course disagreed with Mr Gladstone's remarks with respect to Ireland and the li insvnal, the noble marquis dec during- that the difficulty with the liners, like the Irish difficulty, by ed its PXISIPIICP to Mr 'Gladstone's own words , while Nr Stafford North- cote bold!) proclaimed, while undressing Mr Gladstone's policy, that the right hon gentleiiiiii'H prejudices warped his ju(l<rnient In denouncing prob action, first ilford mum caused first, by the readjustment of the local rites, or otherwise, the distress existing among agriculturists ought to be mitigated In alluding to the amicable connection of the colonies into the United Kingdom, Mr G Lidstone said he hoped the 1 liberals of ] upland would never seek to consolidate the Empire by ministering to the interest of CHAS, and he hoped they would never seek to extend the Empire by either violently wrestler fraudulently obtaining; the territories of other people While in accord d his political opponents full credit for a reassertion-, desire to maintain those) of this country, he would say that if there was to be a controversy upon the subject, if the liberals were called to descend into the arena and to argue the matter here or elsewhere, he said that it was liberal and not Conservative policy which had made England respited, and the British Empire strong Who, if the old rolls by over coming the colonies in Downing-street had been maintained, where wouldthosocolomcsnoivhnvebeen-' By tin i fine groups of independent State The Liberal p d v freely granted to the colonists, in despite of Tory i usure, the very same right that we claimed for ourselves in the ¡iiiuujiemuit of our affairs and the consequence was that the inhabitants of those rooms-, were closely and r rd ill) attached t "> too name and the throne of this country, and it, perhaps the day of difficult) and under should ance -w he is God for bid-périrais from their afTer don wo one, he obtain assistance and advantage that compulsion never would have wrung from them and we might and that all portions of the. British Empire had one common heart Le adrift, and were equally devoted to the honour and the interests of their own country 