THE MYSTERIES OF CRIME ; OE, The Exteeiencks of an Edinburgh DUTECTIVli. BY JAMBS McGOVAN. [ruVlislicd by special arrangement with the Author. All right* restivtd.J Thihd Series— No. V. A STRANGE PRESENTIMENT. ' A young girl, purty enough to make ye \rieh ye wor young and unmarried, cryiu' her eyes out,' said McSweeny to me, with an expressive nudge, one morning as I entered the office. 'YWd better see to her. I'm too big-hearted for them jobs — me f eelin's gets the better of me cleverness.' ' Lost something, I suppose ?' I returned; 'a ring, or a locket, perhaps r ' Tisn't the locket, but the man that was in it,' said McSweeny, with a half solemn, half comical look. ' If he was living I daresay I moight find him, but a dead man lies uncommon quiet.' 'He's dead, then?' I echoed, with, a whistle of dismay. 'Dead as a herrin' — spirited away by ghosts or something,' said McSweeHy,at last reluctantly revealing the truth, and the cause of his own shunning of the task. I grinned out in his face at the discovery. 'If it Lad been tliaves or robbers, ye know, Jamie,' he sheepishly hastened to add, 'I'd have faced a whole army ov them; but them other thing~3 — 'and he shuddered palpably, 'they're Dest managed by them that doesn't belave in them ; and Jamie,' he added, as a sop of flattery to hide his own cowardice, ' I'll match you agin all the world for that,' I gave him a not very gentle punch, in the ribs and left him. The girl in question was seated only a few yards off , concerned, tearful, and pretty, by the side of an elderly woman whom I took to be her mother. I quietly motioned them out of the busy ' reception room,' and then said to the girl— ' I believe you wish us to help you?' ' Yes, sir — if you would be so kind,' said the mother, speaking for the girl, who had suddenly become choked with emotion. ' Has there been any crime committed ?' I abruptly enquired, unwilling to waste time on a case with which, after all, I might have no right to trouble myself. 'Yes, I think there has been foul play,5' said the mother, 'and there might be that even allowing that he had the presentiment that he was to die on the fifteenth. As for Jessie, my daughter there, she's not able to think anything about it. They were to have been married in a fortnight, jou tcow; so you will understand her feelings.' I bowed and waited for the girl to speak, feeling not much enlightened by what I had heard. I slowly sharpened a pencil and got out my note-book, and theu quietly said — ' What was your lover's name Y' 'John Allan.' His trade — a joiner — and address and sge followed, and then the girl was able to speak with tolerable clearness andcalm nees., 'We have been engaged for two years,', she said, ' and the house was taken and furnished. Poor fellow ! he spent aU his savings — above fifty pounds — on the fur nishing, and was happy as could be till the presentiment came upon him.' 'The presentiment? What's that, pray ?' ' Ju6t a strange presentiment which he would hardly tell me about, that he was to di-5 on the 15th of this month. For months he seemed to be dowie and sad, and so silent and uneasy like that I made sura he was ill, but when I spoke of it he only laughed and roused himself a little, and said he never was better in his life. Only otce he let out a little by saying abruptly, 'Isn't this the month of June, Jessie?' and then when I said, ' Yes,' he added with a queer look, ' If anything should happen to me before the month is out, you'll mind that all I have is youia.' I felt horrid when he said it, though I pretended to laugh, at the idea, because I guessed that he was thinking of his bedfellow, who was killed before his «;es by falling from a house that they were roofiDg. You must know, too, that he was not a believer in ghosts, nor superstitious in' any way, and, knowing tbat, it frightened me the moie to see him so giave acd solemn. ' Na'turaHy. And when did the ghost come to him ?' ' I didn't know anything about that, for he would never tell me what was troubling him and making him so absent and strange in his manner — till the day before yesterday, when his landlady sent along to our house to see if he had stayed with us all night, as his room was empty when she went to wake him, and everything left just as if he had been going to bed, but suddenly changed his mind and walked out. He had taken off his watch, and wound it up and hurR it up beside his bed, where he could ste it easily in the morning. He had put his clean apron and working jacket on a chair close by, and disturbed nothing, but he had gone out of the house between ten and eleven o'clock so softly that his land lady thought he was in bed and locked the door on him.' ' Well, and when did he come back ?' ' He didnt come back at all,' said the girl with tears ; ' his'body hasn't even been found yet, and that distresses me more than anything.' 'Then how did you tnow about him seeing a ghost r:' ' I'll tell you about that. His landlady when I went along showed me a letter addressed to me and an empty laudanum bottle which ehe found on the table. Here is the paper that was inside the erveloje, written in his own hand,' and the girl handed me some sheets of notepaper, very closely written in a plain and rather school boy hand. This paper, I regret to say, I have not preserved, as I had no thought at the time of writing these experiences; but I will try to give its contents as faithfully as possible from memory. The record was not addressed to any one in particular, but simply began thus — ' In case anything should happen to me on the loth of May, I wish to write down an account of what I have seen and heard, which folks would only laugh at if I told them beforehand. I was sitting reading at the window in my room one night about a month ago. There was no gas lit, though the light in the room was not very good, as it was getting late. If I had not been reading 1 daresay I would have had the gas lit. While I sat there, with the book in my hand, I happened to look up, and saw as clearly as I noweee the paper before me my oid friend and bedfellow, Jim Paterson, walking across the room towards me. The door of the room was shut at the time, and, eo far as I know, had never been opened, but it did not strike me at the time as strange how he had got in ; nor did I at iirst remember that he was dead, or think it strange that he should appear. I was not frightened in the least, but looked up at his face as coolly as if he had been still alive and able to understand what I said. He came close up to me, but did not sit down, and then I saw that he was dressed exactly as he had been on the day he fell from the roof and was killed. Tne clothes, more than anything, reminded me that Jim was dead, yet I can't say that I felt any fear even then, or thought particu larly about him being a ghost. He leant his elbow on the shutter, and crossed his legs as he had done a hundred times in my eight, and looked down, saying softly, 'I'm wearying to see you, Johnny. Don't you miss me a good deal ?' 1 said ' Yes, a great deal,' and then he looked pleased, and said as quietly, ' I tLink I'll come for you on the 1 -'ith of next month. Would you mind and be ready ?' ' ' I did not think particularly of what the words meant, but said carelessly, ' AUright, Jim — I'll be ready.' Then he nodded a3 pleased like as before, and while 1 Eat look ing up in his face be straightened himself and faded away into nothing. I don't know whether he faded quickly or slowly, for I lost all idea of time while he was before me ; but when I found I was looking hard at the bare painted shutter instead of at him I jumped up and looked round, trembling with fear for the first time. The room was almost dark by that time, and I go-- across it as quick as I could, and opened the door, and was very near calling the landlady, when I remembered how suly it would appear to say I had seen a ghost. I closed the door again and lit the gas, and saw no moie of the ghost that night.' ' When I came to think of what the thing had said I began to fear that it meant that I was to die on the 15th, and my only dread was that I would get thinking so much about it that I might really fall ill and die at the time through the power of imagination. A week or so later Jim appeared again, this time in the eaily morning, when the room was just dark enough to make things hazy. He seemed to be sitting on a chair at the table, leaning his head on his hands, and looking round to the bed. All he eaid was — ' ' Mind, be ready at midnight on the 15th,' and then he faded away as he had done before. I was frightened now, and made up my mind that whatever happened I would not go out to work on the 15th, and that I would take a good big dose of laudanum that sight so as to sleep past the hour he named, and to make sure of not dyicg 'through the mere fear of the time cemirg-. A body doesn't like to drop off just a week or two before they're to be married — they would rather put it off for a year or two ; and though I had no doubt in my own mind that the appearance I saw was just as much imagination as anything else, I couldn't help feeling uneasy as the time drew near. Last night the thing came again, as pleasant as possible, saying, ' I'm wearying for twelve o'clock to-morrow night — mind and be ready.' ',I couldn't say I was wearying for it ; eo I made no answer, and got in two Denny worth of laudanum to dose myself into a good sleep. ' I've got over the day all right. I didn't go out to work, saying I wasn't very well, so there was no fear of an accident. I've taken thirty drops of laudanum, but it doesn't seem to have the slightest effect in making me sleepy. I think I'm too excited. 'I have taken other ten drops, but don't feel sleepy yet. I'm afraid to take more in case I poison myself, and so bring on the very mischief I'm trying to avert. I see lots of faces about, and they are not the prettiest in the world. I think Til walk out for a little to get rid of them. There's no sleep for me ? ' There was no signature at the paper which ended thus abruptly, but the young girl, who gave her name as Jessie Fraser, assured me that there could be no doubt whatever that the whole was writtten by her lover, and meant for her to read, as it was enclosed in an envelope bearing her name. When I had finished the reading, and handed back the paper to its owner, I was as ignorant as ever as to what I was expected to do. ?'And you say your lover has disappeared? — has never been seen since that night? Have you no idea of any place to which he might have been called unexpectedly?' ' No, no ; if he weren't dead he would have either written or come to see me,' was the hysterical reply. ' He has no relations or friends to go to, and, even if he had, would never leave me in agony and suspense. Besides, he has left every article he pos sessed behind — his bank-book, and watch, arid clothes, everything but the things he stcod in.' ' Have you been to his work to see if they know aught about him ?' ' I sent there at once, but they had not seen him, and thought he was at home, unwell,' ' Well, now, you spoke of a crime hav ing been committed — out with your worst suspicions on the matter.' Some hesitation came over both mother aid daughter, but at leugtii the former said — ' We would never have thought oE it but for the disappearance of Allan. It was a spiteful iiuesy called Maggie Ball that , put the thought into our heads. It is well I .known that ehe was once dying to get Mm J for herself — she actually asked him to marry her last jear, which was leap yeaT — and no joke in the matter, and when he effered her a dress instead she wouldn't have it, Esjirg as bold as you like that it was him she wanted, not the dress, which she could buy fifty times over if she had a mind.. That was because her grandfather had died atd left them some money — not much, I think— her shaTe could not have been above two or three hundred pounds, but t hese things are always exaggerated a deal.' '^Vhat, and do you mean to insinuate that this Maggie Bell would try to do her favorite a bodily injury r' 1 exclaimed, with the most marked incredulity. 'Non- sense! — that ia not a woman's way of revenging herself — more likely that' she should tuin her venom upon you.' ' Ob, she did that too,' bitterly exclaimed Jessie. ' She tried incessantly to work miEchief between us, and did me all the injury she- could. It was that and some thing she said to a friend of mine which made me first suspect her.' ' 'What did ehe say to your friend rv ' They were speaking about our marriage, and what. a grand affair it was to be, when this Maggie Bell, who thinks she is a lady because she plays the piano a little and doesn't need to work, said very spitefully, ' Ah, they're not married yet ; you'd better speak of the wedding after it's over.'' ' And what do you suspect her of doing ? Getting up the ghost business to frighten him?' 'No, no, that might ]iave been real enough. What I fear is that she has got some one to attack him or put him out of the way. She is wicked enough for any thing, and you know money will do a deal.' I could scarcely repress a smile at her energy and flimsy reasoning. ' You may give me this girl's address, if you please,' 1 said at length, ' but I may frankly tell you that I think your view of the case a most absurd one. You have not the slightest proof that your lover i3 dead, yet you plainly hint tbat he has been mur dered at the instigation of this young woman.'' ' Either that or drugged and kept out of the way, so that there may be no marriage, or that I may be diiven mad with suspense and grief,' said the girl, again shedding tears. ' Of course you can't look at these things with my eyes ; you are a man and can't be expected to feel for a stranger.' ' I do feel for you ; but my only diffi culty is to know how I can help you,' I soothingly answered. ' I will try what I can do, but do not be disappointed if I make nothing of it.' ' I will be disappointed — very much dis appointed,' ehe cried, with eyes sparkling with eager joy. ' I've heard that you can sift anything, however difficult, to its very core. I'm sure you will unravel this and put my mind at ease.' I thanked her, but felt anything but confident of such a gratifying result ; and the more I thought over the case after their departure the less I cared for the task. My only hope was that the missing man would suddenly turn up in the midst of my in vestigations and tender some very simple explanation of his absence, and thus relieve me and save my reputation at the same time. John Allan. 1 found, had lodged with a respectable widow in Greeuside, and had been engaged on a block of houses in course of construction near the foot of Leith Walk. I had resolved to try to trace him fiisr, and then endeavor to rind out if thera was any connection between his disappearance or death and the young woman to whom my attention had been directed. The mere-disappearance of Allan had already been reported to us, but such things are so common that no very active steps had been takeu to discover him. Now, however, I bad a clue, and, pool as I might think it, it was better thau none, and I determined to work it to its Utmost. Allan's lodgings were my first care. I was shown his room and effects exactly as he had left them, and had some difficulty in concealing a sceptical grin when the identical shutter against which the ghost hoi leant was pointed cut to me. Only one discovery resulted from this visit. JLying in a corner I found an odd number of a paper devoted to spiritualism, the name of which I forget, but which had in front a livelv representation of a man with plenty of white beard and hair, wielding a pair of compasses on a globe and surrounded by floating figures wearing calico shirts a mile too long for them, with numerous halos, suns, and Hying comets in a general state of tops-y-turviness. 1 looked at the contents of the paper for a moment, and then said to myself — ' Well, this accounts for his ghost- seeing at any rate.' Yet, when I questioned his landlady I found that the missing man was no believer in -spirits in this purely vulgar sense,' and had never to her knowledge possessed him self of more than this one odd number of the paper in question. The landlady gave it as he; opinion, when showing me the - empty laudanum bottle, that Allan had taken an overdose and wandered out, and then lain down in some out-of-the-way corner, and there fallen asleep for ever. There was a certain plausibility about the suggestion, and for want of a better clue I asked -where he was in the habit of spending bis evenings. To thiB I got no very definite reply, and leaving the house made my way to the block of building? at the foot of Leith Walk. Here every one of the men had heard of his disappearance, but not one of them had seen him since - the fatal night. One man, however, while saying eo, said, rather abruptly — ' I believe Geordie, the watchman, &xw; him — at least, he says so; but, maybe lit* was drunk at the time, and saw what wasna there.' ' Where can I see Geordie ?' was my prompt ecquiry ; and then I get the address, and was told that Geordie was simply an old joiner, too frail and rheumatic to work, but who was kept on as a watchman by tha firm he had served for half a century. Geordie watched the buildings by night and slept by day; so, when I called at his humble lodgings he was snoring comfort ably. ' They tell me that you saw John Allan on the night be went amissing?' I said, when I had roused him and explained my business. His whole expression became grave and fearful in a moment. ' It wasna him sir,' he stud in an awed voice ; ' it was his speerit.' ' His speerit ? — did he say so ?' 'No; but I'm sure it was. I was watch ing the building as usual when I heard a fit in the shops below, and gaed doon to sea it ony body was stealing- wndd. When I got doon I saw a man walking across the joists towards the end door, and cried, 'Hullo, you!' Then he stoppit and turned roond, and I saw that it was Allan. ' Hoo are ye the nicht ?' says I, never think ing o' ghosts, ' an what's brought ve doon. here F ' Pm cold, cold — awful cold — and wet/ he said, and then he gied his ml' a kind o' shake as if to get the dreepin' weet aff his claes, and gaed awa' like a knotles3 thread.' ' Was it a wet night — raining ?' ' As dry as a biscuit,' significantly re turned the old man, -with an awed look. 'There wasna a drap o' rain the bale nicht.' ' What could he mean by saying he was wet, then ? Could he mean drunk?' ' It wasna him ; it was his speerit,' again observed the old watchman, in a reproving- ' tone. ' Well, his speerit then,' I impatiently continued. ' Do speerits get wet like ordinary mortals ?' The old man looked at me pityingly, and then said impressively — '? My opeenion is that he was drooned; and if his body's fund maybe ye'Il find. Fm licht.' ' What time, as near as you can re member, would it be when you saw him f I asked, waiving the point. ' ISo mony minutes after the stroke of twal,' Eaid the -watchman, in an awed whisper. ' 1 suppose you have heard something about the paper he left behind him.?' £ coolly remarked. ?' Ou, ay : I heard something about it,' he answered, slightly disconcerted by the question; 'but I kent it was his speerit afore that.' ' Did ycu say so to any one r' ' No ;'but 1 thoucht if.' I could make no more of Geordie, so I Jeft him to finish his slumbers, after making sure that he had actually 893a Allan, and not some one resembling him. I thought it a strong piece of presumptive evidence in favor of the ' strange presenti ment1' business falling through that Allan had been seen and spoken to after the fatal hour ; yet the very next fact that came in my way seemed at one sweep to tear away every prop to my persistent belief. From Geordie's lodging I went to the Police Office in Constitution-street, Leith, to enquire if any trace of Allan had been found, and there, to my intense surprise, I was shown a felt hat, eodden with water and green slime, which had been but a fair hours in their possession, havirgbeen picked up in the harbor by one of the tide-waiters, and taken there direct. There was nothing particularly staggering in Laving a felt bat put before one, but oh looking at the leather lining 1 read as plain as pen could make it, and in the un mistakable hand of the missing man, the words — ' John Aixait, Joiner, Ko. — , Greenside.' It did not exactly follow that because tha hat had been found floating in the open harbor that it had been placed there with the head of the owner inside of it, but I confess that in the light of the previous gleanings 1 was not a little staggered, and taid — 'Hadn't you better have the harbor dragged ? It's juet possible that the man,in a half-stupefied state, may have wandered theTe and fallen in.' ' They're dragging it now. You will sea ' them at it if you care to go down,' was the prompt reply. I did care to go down, and indeed spent the greater part of the day watching the operations, but as no trace of a body of any kind was found, I began to be hopeful that my own private view of the case— which I had stated to no one — might turn out a Eound one. I had promised that I would ascertain whether Jessie Eraser's rival had spitefully planned the injury of which Allan was supposed to have been the victim, and accordingly I next day called at the address given and asked to see ' Miss Bell.' A person whom I took to be her mother answered the door, and — somewhat evasively, I thought — told me that her daughter ' was not in,' and immediately followed with an inquisitive, ' Was it any thing particular ? If you leave your message it will be all right.' It did not suit me either to reveal my business or leave a message, and as I could get no definite information as to when her daughter would be at home, I had to leave, saying I would call again. My impression on leaving was that the young woman had actually been in the house all the time, and simply did not wish to see me, but in this I was very fax wrong. I called on the day following and several others with no better success, and tlien setting angry, I set a watch on the house for two days and nights without intermis sion, with the result that Mies Bell was not orce seen either approaching or leav ing the house. I then called again and put the question plump and plain, 'Is your daughter not out of town ?' The woman appeared stasrgered by the question, and not a little confused, but she recovered quickly, aod said ' No ' with a boldness that convinced me she was lying. Now there was nothing in the woman refusing her daughter to me, or even lying when close piessed, bat what object could. she have in so doing? She must have dreaded something- — had something to con ceal. What that something was I resolved to find out. The girl was out of town — what more likely than that she should. occasionally write to her mother t I had the poEt-oUice authorities called in to assist me, and some weeks later got a look at a letter bearing the Liverpool postmark, and certainly written by Maggie Bell, though. simply sigred 'Your loving daughter, Moggie.' The letter, however, revealed little or nothing, being brief and enigmatical in the extreme, but I got from it her addiesF. and W8S debatisg with myself whether it would be worth while to maks use of the information at once or wait till she returned to Edinburgh, when a strange incident was reported to Allan's affianced which decided the question very promptly. Close to George's Landing Stage, in Liverpool, is a] building used for public bathE, outside of which, next to the river, ia a portico with a wooden seat running along; its entire length, on which the greasy wharf loafers play at draughts with pebbles or granite chips for days together. The seat, indeed, is worn into diamonds with, tha repeated scraping of the extemporised draught men, while the players seemed worn down to the lowest stage of rags and dirt, and fight_ and swear over their pebbles aa hotly as it is possible to do over the finest ivory men. 1 know the epot well, for thera I once watched for three days on end for a rough customer who bad vanished in that direction from Edinburgh, and who I knew ? wss a great draught-player, and got him, too, as neatly aa possible, before he had; time to bring the pebbles out of Bis pocket. Well, in this portico there was seated one evening a thopmate of doha Allan, who ml en the eve of leaving for America. The Eun was dove, though the light was still good ; and. there he saw John Allan coally ?walking past. Their eyes met, and the intending emigrant nearly dropped into his. ehoee in horror. 'Good God, Allan, I thought you »ar^ dead !' he exclaimed. The other started — or saemed « start — and said, 'So I am,'aDd Vtien passed on and was lost to sight. So quickly h*d the ?whole thing taken place, and so staggered ?was tiie man at the strange reply, that he taade so attempt to follow the figure,. but contested himself with sending a note to Jessie Fraser detailing the facts. This letter the youtig girl at once brought to me, though positive that the man nad been deceived by some one hearing a strik ing resemblance to the lost lover for whom she was then actually wearing mournings. Then she noticed my grave silence, and, presang me hard, discovered that I believed the appearance to be neither another mm resembling Allan, nor a spirit, but the ren table man, alive and in health ; after which I had to reveal to her the suspicious fact that her rival was actually living in Liver pool, and possibly with the man she was eo sincerely mourning as dead. Siill the pour gill refused to accept my theory, implying as it did s callousness and base trickery oa the part of her lover of which she fir oily believed him to be incapable. 'He hated Maggie Bell — he told me so a hundred times,' she firmly persisted. ' H-s ~wou!'l ntver have anything to say to her, and J ve seen him pass her on the street ?without s look or a smile. No, I'll believe anything but that' After a day or two's reflection, however, aiidsome grave consultation withher friends, she came back to me, asking if £ would go up to Liverpool and ascertain the truth If all the expenses were paid. I could have got all the information she wished in a much easier fashion by simply ?writing to the authorities or any of my acquaintances on the detective staff there ; bat the poor girl still clung to Allan's faithfulness, and would be satisfied by nothing but an eye ?witeees, and I went accordingly. The address -was Manesty'e-lane, a not very salubrious street near the Sailors' Home, and was not difficult to. discover. I found that the place was a 'furnished lodging,' and on asking for Maggie Bell was rather staggered to find that no such person was known there. Then at a venture I said — 'Does John Allan lodge here.?' ' Oh,.jes ; but he's not in — he's at work. But you can see hiB wife, if that'll do.' I decided that it would do, and was soon introduced to a Tory pretty if somewhat told-lookirg' younj? wife, ?whom. I recog nised at a glance as Maggie Bell by the photograph with which I had been fur xiBhedby her rival. I did not even need to take out the portrait to compare the faces, but simply said — ' Well, Maggie, that's a nice trick you've made Allan play Mb affianced 'wife.' She paled at once, and began to cry and mate a great noise, especially when 1 gave her my name ; but when I revealed to her the fact that I was powerless to lay hands on her cr him she calmed down quickly enough, and even found breath for a goad macj spiteful and triumphant remarks on the way in which she bad ' licked the butter off Jessie Eraser's bread.' I waited in the house till Allan ap peared, when he humbly admitted that the ?' strange presentiment' was the only plan lie could think of for breaking off the match with Jessie Fraser and eloping with Maggie Bell, who had fairly tempted him from his allegiance by her money and her wiles. As they ware legally married it ?was no use me trying to get him to return, but one expressive bit of information I did extract from him before we parted, which I did not fail to repeat to poor Jessie on my return to Edinburgh. ' Well, I hope your trickery has brought you happiness/' I said ; when he shook bis bead gloomily, and said — 'It hasn't; I was a ? fool everjto think of throwing off Jessie.' Promptly on learning the truth Jessie took steps to raise an action for breach of promise, and would have got damages, I dare say, bad not Allan and his wife dis appeared across the Atlantic. As he had left all the furniture and other effects to Jessie, she quietly turned them into money and started a millinery business, which thrive steadily under her watchful eye. I saw her from time to time, but for years never ex changed more than a passing smile or bow. One day, however, about three 'years after her great trial, I met her in the Infirmary at the visitors' hour, and stopped her to have a word. 'Any of your friends in here?'' I asked. The question almost brought tears to her eyes ; but she bravely answered — ''Yes. Oh, Mr. 'McGovan, would you believe it? — it's him, John Allan, come back broken in health and almost dying. I couldn't bear to hear of him being shunned ly every one, so I've come in often to see tun and bring him in dainties he can't get here. She turned out real bad, and almost Mlled him before she died. It was she that did all the mischief — I never blamed him.% I looked into her tender, womanly eyet and thought something about woman's long suffering worth, but said nothing. I met her after, with a worn shadow that I could scarcely believe to be Allan leaning on her arm, and a month or two later actually beard of their marriage from one who was present at the ceremony, and could not refrain from audibly 'wishing her every happiness. 