MISCELLANY. Why is a bad eong like a false argument ? —Because it is an absurd-ditty. When is a ship like a pair of Bhears? When she is a clipper. A San Francisco editor says that when he thinks of Ireland's woes his heart goes " Pity Pat." Dentist s Sign.—Drawing, music, and dancing. Foe Domestic Circles.—The head of a house has the bills to toot. Quest.—Are the imaginary pictures one sees in the glowing coal an evidence that the fire draws well! An illiterate farmer advertised a little while back for a man " to Bleep in the house, but to eat his own vitals." A society -writer declares that " the best dancers are Army and Navy officers." This shows our war forces to be on a firm looting. Josh Billings says that " a good doctor is a gentleman to whom we pay three dollars a visit lor advising us to eat less and exercise more." A Nevada critic, speaking of a harpist, said—"We never before knew there was so much music in a gridiron." A man never looks so much like a red handed villain as when be is told by the photographer to "lookpleasant,"—Boston Transcript. Mrs. Fennell says her minister's sermons are " a little obscure, but," she says " I do like to sit and watch the expression of his mouth." By an amusing inadvertence, to put it mildly, Mr. T. B. Aldrich's story, "The Stillwater Tragedy," is called in "Le Iilvre" "LeTragedie de la Paciflque." After the Party.—Elderly Coquette: " And I'm sure you naughty girls sat np ever so late, talking us over 1 How 1 should like to have hid my self behind a Bcreen and heard it all !" Horrid Boy: " No, you wouldn't 1" An Explanation.—Tam: "I say, John, whydaeye aye order twa glass of whuskev fur ycr eel ?" John: " Weel, when I tak* wan glass I am wither man, and the lther man, dae ye Bee, gets the second yin." When a Michigan minister is about to dope with Hie wife of a parishioner, he preaches a farewell sermon, and exalts the duty of patience and long suffering. This sort of pours ou on the troubled waters in advance. , An old Scotchman attributes the disappear ance of ghosts from the fioottlsh moon to the custom or teaidflnWng at social meetings. It requires Scotch whisky on tte top of old ale to enable a man to see a ghost really vrawtalUiig about. A Boston paper states that a Chicago grooer sells soap every tenth cake of which oontains in lis centre a gold dollar, and that the citSaimS of Chicago are in consequence getting to look tolerably dean. BrkT Haste's first poetic"fragment" com teheed In thete WbrdaJ-'' I ** " " meheed in these Wbrds-i-"I'«ipped theHeCtar of her Ups; I sippedand hovered her." And the last' two Unas were as follows—"Her father's hoofs flashed on the scene. Pm wlser now, and sorer," Nxw Version of an Old Bono.—We're sit ting on the.Stile, Vary, Whom we sat long ago. Ah, then your hair was black as jet, Bnt ppwlts light as tow] Tie thus the ohemlnw wfaard afii Withchanges 3aeer confounds us, Ahd mbcks when memory brings te 1'^*"" 1 ' light Of other days around us. Wx Don't Call it That.—Tri s recent essey on Emannel Swedenborg, Mr. Aloott tells the story of how the great seer beoame "lUumlnated," one of the principal incidents of the transition period bring a virion of makes crawling Upon the floor When modem illumlnatus seea snakes, we are apt to think— well, we don't call it inspiration. " Sothebn of Ours."—(Scene, North British Hotel bar, Aberdeen). Fust Super (getting rather tipey and rather dramatic)—" Hast beard the T the great Sothern'e dead." Second newat the great Sothem'e dead." Second Super (in the same condition aa hie oompanlon)—" What f It cannot be I" First Super—" 'lis too true." Second Super—"Alas! alas! another of us gone."—Bon Acoord. Where the Shoe Pinches.—Eldest Daughter—"I think you might let me oome out, mamma. I'm twenty, you know, and surely I've finished my education." Feative Mamma (by no means prepared to act the part of ohaperone and wall flower.) Not yet, my love. Society is so hollow ! Irdally must preserve that sweet girlish freshness of yours a little while longer'.'—Punch. Polite Wat of Putting It.—It is much easier to be polite and neighbourly than to fly into a passion when things do not suit you. Take this note, for instance, addressed by a lady to her neighbour next door " Dear Madame,—Your children, who are numerous, and appear to' be disorderly, no doubt deserve the frequent floggings you give them ; but, as my nerves are weak, I write this to ask if you can't do something to deaden the sound." Under the Stars.—On Sunday night we were silting out in the moonlight, unusually silent, almost sad. Suddenly some one—a poetic-looking man with a gentle, lovely face—said in a low tone : " Did you ever think of the beautiful lesson the stars teach us f" We gave a vague, appreciative murmur, but some soulless clod Bald: "No; what is it!" "How to wink," he answered, with a sad, sweet voice. Campaign Duties.—A well-known gentle man went home in rather a howcomeyouso condition the other night, and in reply to his wife's remon strances, explained that he had been attending a meeting of the ward campaign club. " But how came all that mud on the shoulder of your coat?" she in quired, sternly. "Oh," he answered, meekly, "I've been putting my riioulder to the wheel," and this con cluded the hostilities for the night. Careful Man.—A few monthB ago an old gentleman was seen nailing a notice on a fence on the south side of Oalveston-avenue. A friend passing, said: " Why don't you have the notice put in the paper, where people can read it ?" " Waal," said the old gentleman, " If I tuck it to the newspaper orfice them newspaper tellers would get it spelled wrong and then somebody might think I didn't know how to spelL" Hie notice read: " Howze fur rent inchoir on preymeysis."—Galveston News. Too Thin, Sam.—Sam Johnsing was up again yesterday. " What brings you here this time V asked the recorder. " De p'Uceman, sah; de same what brung me heah last time." - "I mean what did you do ?" " I was jess passin' a grocery store, when I struck my head agin a ham what was hang-in' by de dore. I tnk de ham down to put it somewhares whar it would be safe from folks buttin' dar brains out agin it, when de fust I knowed a p'Uceman tried to get de ham away from me; and bekase I wouldn't let de ham go, he jess brung me along too."—American Paper. A Victim to Politios.—He had ona duster had a valise in one hand and a silk umbrella in the other. He came into the office and asked:—" Is the managing editor in?1 "No, sir; not at present." " When will he be in!" " Can't say, sir; may be an hour, may be five." " Have you a telephone to his bouse T" '• Yes, but the wire his got crossed with the butcher's at the corner, and every time we caUfor editorial copy we get a beefsteak; can I do anything for you I" ''Well, I suppose, I'll have to put up with you; sorry he's not In; as I was coming in on the Lake Shore train we took a vote—" Papers on the person of the deceased indicate that he was a Cincin nati drummer.—Chicago Tribune. By the Seaside. I Btood by her side when the tide came in, With its creeping kiss and wailing moan ; I held her fast—was she mine to win ? Might I call her, some day, my own? I looked in the depth of her hazel eyes; - Close to our feet crept the restless sea; In the tender tones that fond hearts prize, I told her how fair She was to me. I praised the grace of her queenly head, The flashing waves sung low and sweet; The bright eyes shone at the words I said, While the light foam nestled about her 1 eet.. I praised the sheen of her cheanut hair, Never a word she said to me, But closer She crept to my side down there,. By the restless, tossing, moaning sea. " Could she be mine!" As I heldher fast I asked the driver, he spoke me fair; And said, " He would sell me, first and last. For a hundred dollars, the cheanut mare. —Burlington Hawkeye-. The Mechanical Bed.—Mr. Washtub is the name of the gentleman who won't stop at an up country hotel again. It seems that the clerk had to get up very early in the morning, and, finding diffi culty in waking, built a patent alarm bed in accord ance with plans given him by Mr. Edison, who once stopped at his house. The bed had a powerful clock work attachment, and at a set hour it would arouse any man who wasn't dead. The day after they got the thing set up in the house there was a great rush of guests, and the clerk, in order to accommodate Mr. Washtub, gave up his bed to him. He also forgot to shut off the alarm, and the result was that at about 4 o'clock In the morning Washtub was aroused by a most terrible racket. He opened his eyes and sat up in bed, and then he heard a voice, which came from a phonograph attachment to the bed, exclaim—"You old mucker, pile out!" If he had understood the thing he would have hopped out of bed and shut off the alarm. But he didn't, and thought It was burglars, and lay down again and pulled the covers over his head, and the bed began to shake violently, and be thought it was an earthquake, and was terribly scared. The bed shook so that be bad to cling to the mattress to keep in, and finally the bed seemed to rise up right under him, and he was hurled violently to the floor. He tried to rise, and just then the mattress came off upon him with great force and floored him again. He had a terrible time getting out from under them, and, just as be did so, and gave a wild yell for help, a shower of ice-water came upon him, and then the slats of the bed began to whack at him, and, as he could see but little in the dim light of the room, he thought he must have gone to sleep in a threshing machine, and someone had started / it. His yells finally brought the landlord, who stopped the machine, and tried to calm the terrified guest by explaining the matter to him. But the explanation only made matters worse, lor the victim lost two trains stopping over to lay for the clerk, who had found out what he had done, and kept out of the way.—Boston Post. At the Water Office.—He Btalked in early the other morning. One could see that he had something on bis mind, and that he intended to have justice it it brpke his neck. Walking up to one of the windowB in the long railing, he boldly demanded, " I want to know of Some of you folk in here if the river dried up last night!" . It was a long time before any one replied. Then one of the clerks said that, while it was barely possible that such an event had taken place, he had received no direct information to that effect. " Oh, you haven't I Then perhaps your old pumping-works have been blown up ?" " Hay be so ; but it seems as if they would have telephoned down." " Well, then, if the river didn't dry up and the pump ing-works are all right, how happened jt that I oouldnt get any water at nineW'dock last evening!" ••Coldor hot!" "Gold, dooms* t Who said any thing about hot water f' "Then you oouldn't get any 7' " Didn't I say I couldn't! I pay iny water tax, and as a rate-payer, a tax- payer, and acltlsen, I demand my rights. How, Mr, why oouldn't hget any water at my house last evening V " It wouldn't run, eh!" "Wouldn'ttun I Why,haven'tI been telling you that it wouldn't run! : suppose there bad been a fire in my bouseT' "In What partof ypur house!" absently queried the dork. " In any part,'sir—from cellar to garret! Suppose I had wanted a pail of water to drpwn an Incipient oonflagratlon f " You couldn't haveiotit!" "Hoi I oouldnt; and tWant to tell you right here and right now that11 figure my i at one hundred dollars!" "Ope, hundred," damages at one hundred dollars!" "Ope, hundred," replied the clerk, as he marked the urates in pencil on the desk. ".Yes, sir; and I wont pay my next quarter's tax 1" " Wont pay next quartet's tax," boara sweat!" "Ihrspire," suggested the clerk. -" Well, perspire then; and don't you forget it !" "HoTilrV" ^11 it wasn't winter I'd rink a well r "Yes, sir." "And be fndcbradsnt ot this mono poly r" " Yes, sir," "And I wantlt uoderetood," he was going on, when the door opened apdln walked a dtlren, who began, « What in ^Heaven's name all* your ola pumping-waitsAnd theetarhwith tne far-awpy look In Ma eyes had to leave Ms ledger and oeme and expjalnthat the pmnpipg-worka were all right, the HvW WaK Ml right;, and We board was all MgM. end that, U the water wouldn't runj it was per hape because it had got tired.—Detroit Paper. 