' . amusements. THE DRAMA- Mr. Harkins must be complimented upon his impersonation of Macbeth, as played on Sntnrdny evening last at the Theatre Royal. Without being marked by tho snma meta physical subtlety and intellectual breadth ns his Ilamlet, tbo character of the wicked and ambitions Thane bore the stamp of rare talent, both literary and histrionic. Mr. Harkins I seems unable at all times to work out liis ! ideal. His mannerisms, tho peculiarities of | tlio school in which he seemed to have gleaned his experience, and other circumstances ! trammel him in his efforts, and tho re- Bult is frequently partial disappointment. | His Macbeth was evidently studied with care. Mr. Harkins has read to Bomo purpose, and has availed himself of many of the hints of the abler Sliakspearian commentators. He depicts Macbeth as one in whose mind there is for over a conflict of powerful passions — of good and evil im- l pulses. His better nature for a time revolts ! against the promptings of his wife ; but his j ambition and liis moral weakness cause him to j yield to temptation. Having been committed to tho murder of Duncan, he hesitates not to | go further 'in cutting off Banquo, nnd in revenge immolates the household of Mac duff. But with all his physical courage ho is still the victim of superstitious ter- ror and of a diseased imagination that | conjures np tlie ghosts of those whom lie has slaughtered. Like a common murderer, lie is . haunted with a never-ceasing senso of crime j and horror, until death itself becomes a sweet | oblivious antidote for the mental anguish cn- . durod. This conception of tho part is consci- | entionsly worked out. At the opening, Mac- j both is represented as the bold, vehe ment soldier, returning victorious from : quelling a rebellion, looking for. no ! higher reward than tho' thanliB of | his sovereign. But tho meeting with ' tho weird sisters arrests his course, altera tho current of his thought anil precipitates his des tiny. Their words rouse tlie latent devil that lurks in his breast, and tho partial realisation of their prophetic utterances leads him to hope for the accomplishment of all his ambitious aims. Tiie interview which takes placo be tween Macbeth and his wife previous to the murder lacked tlie vividness and dramatic . force with which it is usually rendered, and i Mr. Harkins's pronunciation of some of the I words produced an effect the most grotesque at times. The soliloquy which follows, . where Macbeth sees the air-drawn dagger, had much of rant and exaggeration about it. In the murder scene also, while there was plenty of sound and fury, there was little of tlie higher manifestations of artistic power. . In the banquet' scene Mr. Harkins was more .successful. The apparition of Banquo pro- duced an outburst of passionate declamation that brought the house down. This was tlie best scene in the play, not even excepting the I final encounter with Macdnff, which, as might bo expected, was a very vigorous display of fencing. Mr. Harkins was very in differently - supported, and this to n great extent accounts for certain blemishes in the performance. To place . Miss Flora Anstoall in tho part of Lady Macbeth was simply to court failure. This lady is beyond dlspnte a careful, anil, inordinary parts, a com petent actress bnt as Lady Maebeth she was : wholly out of her element. Indeed tho weak ness of tho cast was the most noticeable feature - of the performance. Miss Anst'cad has no idea of' tho grandeur and terror of the part she, essayed, and consequently she might be said to liavo walked through it nnd no more. Tlio. murder Bcenc was gone through with about as much spirit as though tbo lady wero suggesting to lior liege lord tho desirability of inviting Duncan to a quiet cup of tea instead of tempting him to the assassination of thoir guest. In the sleep-walking scene she was almost inaudible, and conveyed not one iota of tlio terrible imprcssivcncss and nwo with which the incident is usually represented. Mr. Douglass's style is essentially namby-pamby. The heroic is wholly foreign in his nature, therefore be does not shine in parts like Mncduff. Nevertheless he exerted him self to tho utmost, and at the close played witli becoming ccric in overcoming Macbeth. Mr. Jones is always admirable in old men's parts, and his Dnuoan formed no excep tion to tho rule. Mr. Apploton's Banquo does not call for special comment. The other parts were filled by the ordinary members of tlic stock company. Tlic music was very credit ably rendered, and commendable care was dis- played.in the mounting of tho play. During tlio. week Mr, Harkins appeared In a round of his more popular Impersonations, prior to tho close of his season. Wo think Hub gentleman has no reason to regret his visit to Australia. He has, ns lie deserved, beon encouraged by tho press and well supported by the public. As a Shakspcnrian actor, ho is certainly seeond to none since Montgomery, and when those iittlo peculiarities of m.auncr and enunciation with which lie must be credited wear off, he will no doubt bo welcomed wherever the genius of England's greatest dramatist finds appreciativo nnd intelligent admirers. This evening Tho World, will be reproduced, and will be con tinued over the Cup week. Hcrr Bandmann's Narcisse is a remarkably able performance, and dcBcrvos more notico than lias been accorded itin the colonies, It fits him, .sb the saying is, like a glove. It accords witli all his peculiairitesof manner nnd pronunciation. It affords fine scope for rapid alternations of thought and feeling, nnd for that artistic ncumcn with which this gentle man must be credited. Tho play is one that appeals to an audience of superior intelligence, and tbc allusions, tlie portraiture of manners nnd the vein of satirical philosophy nnd reflection that runs throughout it is, wc are disposed to think, " caviart to tho general." And yet it deals with ono of the most interesting periods of French history, when tlic thunder-clouds of revolution and a nation's retribution wero about to bnrst over and sweep away, or impoverish irrctricv- ably, the grandest and yet tho vilest nobility that ever existed at any period of tlie world's civilisation. We are, in the play of Narcisse, introdnccd to some of tlic great factors that became instruments in working out the ter rible problem the people of France had Bet themselves to solve — the worn-out faiiutant aristocracy, tlio corrupt Ministers, tho ponderers to royal voluptuousness, with th contrast presented of tho new school of thought established by the encycloprcdists. And with tlio multiplicity and variety of characters, wc have worked out a plot of deep and well-sustained interest, dramatic situations of great power, and a style of diction, nervous, incisive and of classic purity. With so much to recommend Narcisse, it must be a matter of regret that it should not have received warmer recognition ; more es pecially as it has been played with excellence, and mounted with an unusual degree of ta-to and elegance. In the title role Here Bandmann exhibits qualities of acting tliat entitle him to a leading position in tlie profession. The faults apparent in his acting in other parts, and especially in thoso Shakspearian, are 110 longer observable. Jlis foreign accent, commanding presence and vehement Htylc of uttevauco only tend to assist the imagination in tho realisation of the inci dents. His scorn of the courtiers is magnifi cently expressed, and tho intensity of his mental agony when he recounts tlie loss of liis wife, and his bootless searcli for her for years, arouse tlie, sympathies nnd rivet tlie at tention of nil audience. Ho is very ably seconded by Miss Beaudct in the part of Doris. This young lady pos sesses a refined intelligent perception, tlio crux of the true artist, which, combined with the charms of person and manner, impresses most favorably her audience. As a leading Indy she far excels any artiste in the same line that has appealed to the suffrages of Mol- bourne playgoers for mnny years, nerr Band mann concludes liis season at tho Opera llonso this evening, when the Comic Opera Company will take possession of the hoards. Mr. Fred. Maccabe lias been performing at St. George's Hall during the. week to good liouseB. Tho entertainment is exceedingly diverting, anil, of its kind, super-cmincntly excclleut. It is light, laughter-provoking nonsense, no doubt, for tho greater part, but it is well calculated to effect the object aimed at, namely, to drive dull care away. Portions of it, however, such as making nn imaginary eat talk, partakes more of tho nursery than tho theatre. Hudson's Surprise Party, at their pretty little theatre above the Eastern Market, in making rapid progress in tho estimation of tho public, and in their variety entertainment have been very successful. Tlie Princess's Theatre will bere-opened this cvoning under the management of Mr, Fred. Marshall. 