| IMAAilSTlNTY'S GHOST. | 1 In funnel' times, when bnily-smit oiling was ear ned nn to n great extent, thu friends uf the de ceased always' sent t.we men Io tho uhurchyiird In wnteh, lest the enrpse might. 1m Rtolou, besides the regular wntehnnm who xvns paid monthly. Noxv it Impnennd tlmt one l inno iStinty after lie neeiimiilated a lnrg" fortune by usury, Ac., re- t ired from business, uud spent tho rmuniudor »f his days erneking nuts, lie was known hy the siihriipiot. of " the mit-erneker," At length dentil put ill tin nppenrnnee, and seme wng sag- ' ' gested tlie idea of placing some nut-s in Ids noll'm just, in order to give him n ehnneo to nmuse him self in the next world the sumo ns ho did in tins. Iiiniiediiitoly uftor hit il-nnise rumour had it that Ids ghost wits seen nvorv night, \vrnpped in its xviinling slieet, sitting mi liis tombstone ni.-l cracking nuts. Well, il happened tlmt. n hody snnteher und a sheep-stonier, ixvn oliutus, met at the entrance to the grnxeyurd mm night, ami the following conversation took pluoo between t hem : i "Good-night., Jim. Whom arc you hound for 1" | I " Well, I'll toll you, doc, as you've asked link I'm going to unearlh old Isaac, 1 wunttomako a foxv pounds, von know ; and besides, the college hoys nro sadly in need of n 1 still',' and I won't have much iroublo to dispose of it," I " Noxv," snid doc, " I'm' going to stobl a shoe) | and 1 want, you — that, is, if you have Jaime up 1 before I oomc back --to xx'nit on his tombstone, ; You can enjoy yourielf cracking nuts, for thuro , nro plenty of them in his oollln." j I " All right," said Jim ; I'll tin it," at which ' both started on their dill'orcnt. errands, ; Jim xvns not long in oxhuming Isiuic, nnd ho took Joe's tulvice also, for hu wrapped the xvhito shoot, around him, and begun to crack nuts as unconcernedly as if ho were eating breakfast, Meninvhilo ono of tho watchmen, while walking around, saw tlio object sitting on the stone, and ran into tho sexton's house breathless, and with hair standing on and told his partner (the other watchman) tlmt ho hud surely seen Isaac's , ghost, I His partner xvonld not boliovo him till lio'd | seen it hmself. Out thoy both started, and on i arriving about, tho middlu of tho churchyard, t thoy really believed that they lieheld Jsnuo's ghost, und returned to inform the third watch- ' man, who, hy tho way, was a cripple, Tlio cripple would not boliovo them until ho saw il with his own oyes. " Tut mo on your hack," said 1m to tho stronger of tho two, " and carry me right ovor to the spot, for I want to ho sure." Up ho wont, and thoy wore hardly inside tho couietory gate when thoy saw tho object ; but tho lame man xvas obstinate and sceptical. " Tako mo nearer," till at last thoy were standiug bosido tho supposed ghost, who was busily engaged cracking nuts. Suddenly tho ghost looked up, nntl thinking it was his chum with tho stolonshcep on his back : asked. " Is lm fat or lean 1" " Tat or lean," was the response ; " there he's for you I" throwing tho cripple on the ground, aiul running for dour life. Strange to rolnto, the cripple xvas the first to roach tho house thoy had recently loft. A. fexv minutes Inter tho sliccp stoalor returned xvit.li a shoup and helped his friend to curry tho "still" to n waggon that was in readinossoutside the gato, and drove off, enjoying the joke im mensely. Need I say that tho watchmen believed until tho day thoy died that they had seen Isaac otinty s ghost. - — M. 0. M'AI.XHON. 