THE ABDUCTED. CHAPTER XXXIII. Oh, the heart that has truly loved never forgets, But as truly love on to the close, As the sunflower turns on her God when he sets The same look that she gave when he rose. Moore's Irish Melodies. Yes, it was the Earl of Beaudesert; and thus, after more than nine years, Mina and her former lover met. He was animated enough when he saw her unforgotten face smiling on him, when he felt the warm grasp of her extended hand, and heard that voice, which, once 'music to the ear, had be come a memory to the soul.' Woodhurst of Woodhurst was in high glee when he saw the colour that suffused Beaudesert's face, and the delight that danced and sparkled in his eyes. He insisted that the earl should at once change his wet clothes for dry ones; and this his lordship agreed to do, on condition that Mina and her father consented to dine with him, and select two bed-rooms for themselves out of the suite he had engaged for himself. 'She may yet be a countess,' said Woodhurst of Woodhurst to himself, 'It is evident he loves her still; nor was she unmoved at their sudden meeting. But I will take care to show no wish, to give no hint on the subject to Mina, who has all the spirit of contradiction that is the bane of her sex.' And what thought Mina? She had long been pining for love, for a home, for the right of devot ing herself to one cherished and cherishing partner of time and perhaps of eternity. And, at this very crisis in her inner life, comes suddenly upon her this man, so favoured by her father, and so passionately devoted to herself! and fresh from one of those great and heroic deeds which, to a woman like Mina, make a man so great and so dear. Her father inwardly augured well for the darling hope of his heart when he saw what pains both Beaudesert and Mina had taken with their re spective toilettes. Mina's cheek was flushed, and that flush gave additional brilliancy to her beauti ful black eyes. Her rich hair was dressed in the style the earl had always praised. An Indian muslin dress, richly worked, and choice gold ornaments, set Mina off to the greatest possible advantage, and Beaudesert thought he had never saw her look half so lovely or half so bewitching. When dinner was over, they went out on the balcony together did the earl and Mina, and to gether they looked at the moon; and, as it was a lovely summer evening, the earl proposed a walk, on the pier, and old Woodhurst being of course pressed into the service, they all three set out together. Woodhurst of Woodhurst feeling, or professing to feel weary, sat down on the first bench, he came to on the long Calais pier, and said if Mina and, Beaudesert wished to go to the end of the pier he would await their return and comfort himself with a cigar. Beaudesert was delighted, and, sooth to say, Mina seemed nothing loth. They walked on briskly, side by side, and it seemed a very long time to Woodhurst of Woodhurst that he sat alone smok ing his cigar, so long, indeed, that he rose and walked forth to meet them. At length he saw them coming towards him. They are arm-in-arm now, and the earl is holding Mina's hand. The moon shines full on their faces, and he sees that Mina's dark, passionate eyes are raisedd to Beaudesert's, pride and love in their tender gaze, and he looks down into those dark, lustrous orbs with tears of rapture glittering in his. 'Forgive me, dear Woodhurst,' said Beaudesert, 'if I have induced Mina to leave you so long alone; but we had so much to talk of, so much to explain, and now, instead of scolding us, wish us joy, for Mina has promised to be the wife of my bosom — the angel of my life.' Heaven bless you both!' said Woodhurst of Woodhurst,' this is the proudest day of my life.' 'The proudest and the happiest of mine,' said Beaudesert. 'Oh, may it prove so ' faltered Mina. 'Ah, that I better deserved so great, so constant, and so true a love! but I will try, dear Beaudesert, to merit such a fate. I will try to be a good wife, and to make you happy.' 'Angel! darling Mina, 'said the earl, as they re turned to the hotel afianced lovers. CHAPTER XXXIV. Oh, what a tangled web weave When once we venture to deceive. Walter Scott, Whatever were the mutual revelations and ex pectations that had kept Beaudesert and Mina so log at the pier's head, nothing connected with Mary had been discussed between them. Here Mina was again to blame. Pride, timidity, and want of confidence, in this case deprived her of the advice of a very experienced and judicious friend — one who would have delighted in any oppor tunity of bringing a ray of comfort to the darling and idol of his heart. One, too, far too liberal and kind to admit a feeling of aught but sympathy connected with Mina's love for her little, beautiful proteage. As it was, Mina, unadvised, wrote the note in which she proposed to call on Dr. Linden for the purpose of identifying and claiming Mary, or, if unable to do so, of sending her Aunt Tabby to do so for her. The result was revealed to the reader. Mina, on her arrival in England, had been hurried at once to Woodhurst, Beaudesert being of the party, and to no one but her Aunt Tabby did she reveal what had transpired about Mary. As it was a lovely summer night, Mina and Aunt Tabby sat in a little boudoir belonging to the latter. The window was open to admit sweet messages from the jessamine, the rose, and the honeysuckle, and Mina had just announced to Aunt Tabby her determination to go to Henley on the third day from that one, and claim and bring back Mary, when a blue light suddenly streamed into the room, and in an unearthly voice, came upon the ears of both the words, 'Go not hence, Mina Woodhurst, you will seek Mary in vain!' 'Gracious powers, what was that?' gasped Aunt Tabby. — ' Minas, pale as death, rose and moved towards the window. A jardiniere full of flowers stood in front of the opening, and before she could remove it and draw aside the muslin curtain, a minute or two had elapsed; when she did so, there was noth ing there, but on- the lawn, at the entrance of the dark shrubbery, she saw a form bathed in the moonlight, a pale face, shrouded by a cavalier's hat and plume, long auburn hair, court dress of King Charles' time, a bare throat, with a crimson gash across it, a deformed shoulder, and a finger raised, as in warning or menance.' Aunt Tabby, who had followed Mina to the window, shrieked out, 'The Ghost of the Blue Chamber !' and fell on the floor in a swoon, Mina raised her and placed her on a sofa, and when she again glanced at the lawn, the form had vanished. Aunt Tabby, when she came to herself, entreated Mina not to go to town — to let her go instead-but Mina was resolute. However, for two or three days illness kept her a prisoner, and when at length she did go, it was to find what the Ghost of the Blue Chamber had prophesied come true. Mary was gone, as the reader well knows. Yes, Mary was gone, weeping bitterly, and not retaining the slightest recollection of the lady who had identified her and appeared so delighted to take her away back — as she said — to Woodhurst, to Miss Mina, and to Daddy and Mammy Mayflower. It was in a fly, with a pair of fleet horses, that this woman, who called herself Miss Woodhurst, Mina's aunt, carried off poor little Mary, and in this carriage they drove to a station. 'Are we going by this train to Woodhurst, ma'am ?' asked Mary. 'To be sure we are,' said the lady. 'How soon shall we be there, ma'am ?' said the little girl. 'In pudding-time,' replied the pretended Miss Woodhurst, as they entered the train. They had not been in it more than half-an-hour when, while the train stopped at a station, Mary was suddenly ordered by her companion to jump, out after her. She obeyed. In a minute she was handed into a cab, and after a short drive through low streets, they stopped at a mean-looking house. 'Follow me,' said Mary's companion. 'Here we are.' Mary followed the woman up- stairs into a room at the top of the house. 'Here we are,' she cried to some one in an adjoin ing room.' Come along, for time's precious, and I must be off. Here's the kid; come and welcome her to Woodhurst Court, can't ye.' 'This is not Woodhurst Court,' said Mary, pale as death, a horrible suspicion of foul play flashing across her mind. ' It's all the Woodhurst Court you're like to see, you little artful, runaway baggage, ' said her com panion. Mary burst into tears, and falling on her knees cried aloud, 'Take me away! save me! save me!' 'Hold your jaw, or I'll make ye,' cried a voice she knew too well, 'And I'll help to larn you better manners,' growled another more terrible still, as in came Moonlight Meg and Jawing Jem, rope in hand. Mary uttered a piercing shriek as she approached her, and raising her arms wildly to Heaven, ex claimed, 'Father of the orphan, save me !' And as the sham Miss Woodhurst glided out of the room, Mary fell in a dead swoon on the floor. 