ECHOES FROM PALL MALL. peoh our own correspondent. London, 25th March. The first shock' of tho news that the Czar had been assassinated having passed sway, there is no impropriety in looking at the catastrophe from a historical point of view. Personally he was not of a tyrannical disposi- tion, hut a supremo ruler becomes responsible for tho acts of Ids subordinates, and he who Buffers from a despotic system cannot bo ex pected to discriminate nicely between the merits of the authors and inflictors of his wrongs. Ho simply feels that ho has the right of retaliation, and that if his oppressors are unscrupulous he need not bo fastidious. Tho disregard of law by superiors provokes law less reprisals. In this way the Czar had a heavy load of the sins of others to carry in addition to his own. Thnt this is the ciew taken in Russia itself was made evident in tho discharge of Vera Sassulitch by tho jury before whom her murderous assault was proved. The average Russian is pro foundly ignorant, and the state of society throughout the country is some centuries be hind that of England, Germany, or France. So far only the external circumstances of the assassination have been made known, its secret history being reserved for futuro de velopment. The first expressions of horror, of indignation and of sympathy do not on such occasions count for much. They may bo sin cerely felt, but they are not the lcs3 conven tional. They aro hollow without being hypo critical. The same may also he said of the professions of peace and goodwill with winch the now Czar responds to overy message of condolence. He says nothing but what i3 according to rule, and in all probability lie hnn nothing else to utter. His policy for tlie present merely consists in say ing or doing what is expected of him, and his individual tendencies will only become evident when lie encounters a difficulty. It is said that tho new Czar has already been threat ened,' but the Btory may be doubted, and of course he can take no overt notice of the ex pressions of approbation of the deed of ven geance which obtain publicity in Geneva, Paris, London and New York. The various European Governments will no doubt ex change views as to tho propriety of doing something to discourage secret societies and to keep a watch ovor suspected individuals. The correspondence will be faultlessly ex pressed, duly read, then pigeon-holed, and the world will go on as it has done. There is just now a great gathering of the Bcions of royal liouses in St. Petersburg. The Duchess of Edinburgh is there to perform her last duties to tho deceased, while the Princess of Wales is conferring with her sister tho now Empress. Tho Crown Priuco of Germany considers the occasion a fitting one for recon ciliation with the Czar, their relations having hitherto been far from friendly. An agree ment to forget tlio past will no doubt bo arrived at, but anything lileo real cordiality is not to he expected. A fortnight ago it was looked npon as a certainty that Mr. Gladstone would not de- maud urgency for tho consideration of tho estimates, because it was certain to be refused. But tlie Premier is not remarkable for ability In forecasting changes of temper and feeling, and ho did that which his friends thought he would have the good sense to avoid. He demanded urgency, and lie was met with a point-blank refusal, in the uttcranco of which thero was only ono dissentient voice from the Opposition, while. a considerable number of Liberals abstained from backing up their chief. The result has shown that there was not the least occasion for asking for urgency. For three nights running the Government were un prepared with sufficient business to keep the House at work, and half-time was the order of the day. Its leader thus committed a double blunder. He called out " Wolf 1" too soon, and he had better not call for help again. Urgency is dead, and it was the author of its being that killed it. The Coventry election lias ended in the triumphant return of the protectionist candi date. Coveutry is a Liberal constituency, Mr. Eaton is a Conservative, and yet lie won by a majority of many hundreds. To what else, then, hut a growing disbelief in one-sided free- trade is his success to ho attributed ? By general consent the free- trade newspapers have apparently agreed to drop all allusion to tlie unwelcome event. The party seem disposed to shut their eyes, in the hope that the simoom will pass harmlessly over them. Mr. Hcrmon, who was returned at the top of tho poll for Preston, is another pronounced protectionist, and lio has just delivered a speech which has had the effect of bringing ont Mr. John Bright to slangwhang him with his choicest Baxon. The English protectionists are still, however, in want of a leader, hut now that the hour lias come the man ennnot be far off. After the delay of a fortnight, caused by tho mistaken impression that certain votes in supply should be regarded as urgent, the debate on the want of confidence motion in relation to the withdrawal from Candaliar is, while I write, in progress. The Opposition know that it cannot be carried, but tliey shrewdly expect that they will have public opinion with them, and they hope for a reward at sotno future time. This is another - of tho questions on which Mr. Gladstone has miB- judgo'd the temper of the country. The pro posed vote of i'5,000,000 ns England's contribu tion towards the expense of the Afghan war was received with more favor. The vote was really for only £500,000 on account, and as India has already had £2,000,000, there remains just £2,500,000 to he handed over. Tho most convenient way of making payment is to re frain from drawing on India so long as the vote is unexhausted, whoreby a savingin tho exchange will be effected. After this vote was passed the Government asked for an in stalment of three months' supply, but tho Opposition would only consent to a grant for two months, which was accepted. All tho public business having been got through in loss time, than was expected, Mr. Gladstone saw his way to making a promise to introduce the Irish Land Bill before tho Easter recess, so that it may go to its second reading on the first day of tho reassembling of the House. With the first debate warm weather may be expected to set in. The Mansion House of tho Lord Mayor lias had a narrow escape from being blown up, the fuse connected with 40 lb. weight of powder having been actually lighted! when n valiant policeman seized the nettle danger and plucked the fiamo safety. A more meaningless outrage can hardly be conceived. Sir William Har- court, too, lias had a littlo scare. A rusty pistol was sent to him in a parcel as the first contribution of arms surrendered under the second Coercion Act, but he did not like the look of the parcel, harmless us it was, and he had it opened by tho police. The affair was only a joke, although a sorry one, and was as likely as not perpetrated by some of his own friends. It has been so far treated seriously that no one is now allowed to carry a parcel within the precincts of Parliament without having it examined. The ghost of Guy Fawkes .must find some amusement in sncli goings on. The Liberal Government is becoming so famous for concessions that some disappoint ment was felt at the Coercion Bills being carried ruthlessly to their bitter end ; but the conces sion has come at last. The prisoners at Kil- mainham are bo luxuriously lodged and so well treated that they are now better off than they were before. A clergyman of the Church of England having been taken up and lodged in a Yorkshire) gaol for showing his bad taste in some matter of ecclesiastical millinery, a member of Parliament provoked some merri ment by asking if he was not to bo ns well treated as the prisoners at Kilmainham ; but as he is neither a traitor nor an instigator of assassination, he is not considered worthy of consideration. The Transvaal war has been terminated in a Way with whieli thepublicare far frombeingwell satisfied. It has not yet been made clear that the Boers in arms fairly represent tho wishes ef the population of the Transvaal, and if they po not the submission of Mr. Gladstone is de serving of being censured. A policy of sub mission is always iu one sense successful, pocause there is no one on the spot to hinder Its achievement, but it does not follow that everything will end well. Tho suzerainty of the Queen is to be acknowledged, but how ? There is to be an English resident, but he is pot to be supported, and if he represents that things aro going on wrong, will England rein- vado the territory f A host of similar ques tions may bo put, and they all tend to show that England cannot shake off her responsibility, and that the new arrangement will bo as costly as tho old, with no possibility of profit. It is said that tlio Englieh have no right to bo in the Transvaal, hut it may be as well asked why the Boots are there ? Again, if English submission in the Transvaal should lnake tho Boers aggressive elsewhore, will England be hold liable for tho damage done ? The futuro is by no means clear, and it may bo fonnd out that present tranquillity lias been purchased at tho cost of futuro turbulence. The new peace policy is positively an incentive to war. Tho English Government virtually says to all the world : " Begin fighting, and you will get all you want." Another mutiny in India should, according to the new practice, be immediately followed by tho capitulation of Calcutta. The French loan has been so great a buccoss that 00 per cent, of the deposits had to bo re turned. Thero ore more ways of looking at this success than one. Tho deposit of scrip was accepted as cash, an arrangement which accounts for the number of applications, but it was one which was unfair to the smaller in vestors who had no Bcrip to deposit. Through out the transaction there was an apparent de sire to givo it n sensational nspcut. As tlio buyers were certain to reap an immediate profit, it would not have created surprise if the whole amount had been tendered for by a single firm. The object was not so much to obtain the money on favorable terms ns to ad vertise to tho world that the credit of Franco is exceedingly good, and that the loan transac tion is vastly popular. No one had any doubt on either point, so that it may now with propriety be said that too much has been sac rificed to show. Indeed, tlie transaction has hod an effect contrary to what was intended. It lias been made evident that after all French loans aro not obtained chiefly from the pea santry, and that their popularity is to a certain extent a delusion. Tho troubled relations between France and Tunis still continue, and they may end after all in the violent assumption of a protectorate. The English Government has, ns usual, showed weakness and vacillation, and people are even beginning to lose faith in Sir Charles Dilke, who appears to have had tho management largely in his own hands. Thero is also a rumor that Lord Beaoonsfield was willing to hand over Tunis to Franco as a douceur for her compliance in the annexation of Cyprus. Tho story is not improbable, tho only thing that discredits it being that France took no immediate step to avail herself of tho offer. If the rumor be true Mr. Gladstone will be justified in letting France have her own way, otherwise it would seem as if she were going to take it without any quid pro quo. Iu Egypt, too, France is becoming aggressivo in sending a representative who is distasteful both to England and the Khedive. The dreary negotiations which linvo been going on in Constantinople are likely, after all, to prove resultlcss, The representatives of the powers appear to bo on the point of abandon ing any further attempts to bring about a mutual understanding between Turkey and Greece, so that their next stop will probably be to draw up an ultimatum of their own, and if this should bo rejected war will ensue. Greece nnd Turkey will be left to figlit out their quarrel, the moral aid of tlie powers being given against the country which refuses to accept these terms. Tho end is thus moro doubtful than over. The substi tution of Crete for Epirus has been proposed nud withdrawn several times, but it i3 likely to find a place in the final ultimatum. Tlie Lawson- Labouchere libol ease has occu pied tho time of tho courts for a week with no other result than to show that plaintiff and defendant are alike contemptible. It would be well if the jury could bring in a verdict to that effect. One of tho newspapers made a curious blun der tho other day. A telegram from South Africa began thus : — "Operations resumed." There was then a stoppage, and the messenger in attendance posted off in ha9te with matter for a "second edition," which was speedily pro duced. After it had been issued the rest of tho message came : — (' for tho relief of tho lio- leagured garrison." There is au old story that the .sinapliore service between tho Horseguards and Flyinonth was once guilty of a similar freak. Tlie message came in two portions, tho first being " Wellington beat," and the second " the French." Theso littlo mistakes will happen till tho end of time. Mr. Chaplin — a bueolie, horsey Conserva tive — achieved a great feat the other day. He actually carried the second reading of an Eng lish Tenant Farmers' Compensation Bill. This is a dangerous gamo for Tories to play, for of course Mr. Gladstone can always out- trump them with a more liberal measure, and thoy will not have grounds for complaint if they aro caught in their own trap. It is the story of the Heathen Chinee over again. Mr.- Chaplin played a trump card, but he will find that Mr. Gladstone lias a pack of aces up his sleeve. He had better retire from tho contest. Lord Cairns has a better position. His Land Bills are, so far as they go, good ones ; they were introduced before Mr. Gladstone came into office, and yet they have no chance of being fairly considered. This is a pity, and if Mr. Gladstone bo magnanimons, ho has an op portunity of showing it. 