rhiis' OF NEWS'. \' . A SPECIAL meeting of the Volunteer Fire Brigade was held at the Engine Station on Tuesday, evening lust; the 8th inst. {. Present -Mr. T. Harrison (captain) in the chair, and Messrs;' Ferry, Wilkina, Mitchell, J. B. Edney, BurgeB3, andjMnrelli*. The question ; of the amalgamation with the Excelsior Fife and Drnm ijand, was .considcro.l, and a re solution earned to the effect that the mem i hers of the brigade thought it injudicious i for the two bodies to amalgamate, although they were;prepared to..receive propositions for membership from, any member of the band. /The resignation of.Mr. Harrison,-as captain, was accepted witli regret, and a vote of thnuks wa3 accorded him for his past services. The consideration of: the appoiuc* tnent of a'successor to Mr. Harrison .'was deferred till the tiexf monthly meeting. The secretary stated - thai; Mr.: A. Mackay, of Gobbagumbalin, had promised £2 towards tho funds. Mr. J. Morcllis was appointed fas3istant . foreman, pro. tern.; v Mr. * West," acting- captain; and Mr.' Mitchell; '"acting i foreman. ? A suffiEMBKT to tlio Government Gazelle, datod.3rd February, containing the new time tables. and - rorised 'scnlo. of. .charges: on the. New South Wales, rullwaj'fi, wad issued- on \- Monday. . It is. a voluminous document, con tinning 100 pages: of ^tabulated :.und closely .printed matter, giving tlicfull seale of clmrges . for the whole.colony^ together .wiltiall'othcr information ntTeetrngthctrofilc.- ;; . ? Tlio new post and: telegraph1 office, Cool a mundra, was opened on Monday. .It is a fine handsome structure, nnd in every.way suited to the requirements of the town. ? THE parent of tlio boy who .was: knocked down 011 Suuday night ; last, while crossing from thosPresbytery to the Itomau Catholic Chapel, has taken out a summons against the agrcssor. Tlio ease will cotnc before tho .Police Court in a few days. i Tun ofEcnl declaratiou of tho state of the poll, for the - election - of an alderman for North Ward, was made ou Tuesday last at the court-house, at coon, by tho returning officer,-Mr. J. O. Phillips.: There were but fow ratepayers in attendance, and Mr. I-Icnry Hayes, miller, of North .Wagga Wagga; was declared duly elected. TRADESPEOPLE and, othors who have busi ness -Willi the llaiKvay Department should proeuroi thoi rates for; goods 'and coaching .tndllc in, pamphlet form, winch ? aro now ob |tainable at tlic i'adv/ay station for the Bum-of >3d. per.copy. - Tho work is in a conciso Form, rr-'yi n iftltion V I , Hardy is, wo.learn, tlie sue ^IJsstul tenderer for the erection of the Com:; mercial Bank, next to tho Post-oHlco. WE beg to call tho attention of the borough works committee to the necessity of iplacing a ifow loads off earth at,the'ap proaches to tho new; Wollundry vLngoon bridge. s Tho matter is. very.urgent, as drays with heavy loading cannot cross the bridge in its present stale. IT will be seen by our report of the muni: cipal councilvyesterday, that Mr.i-H.'-'Bi Fitzhardingo was, for tlio third timo, electcd; to the oflico.of mayor of- thetowii of Wagga ,Wagga.,: It i8,our pleasant duty.-to congratu late: his worship upon his ro-olection. A CASI: was partly heard at1-the local Police Court on .Tuesday; in which a 'man iianied vCahill : was'.: charged ' with 'stealing money reasonably believed to have been stolon from: a ? locomotive "engine " driver,! pinned 'Heudorson, working on tlio Tunce-' Niirnndcra railway lino. ,, Constable William-' .nan deserves tho highest praise for his exortions ill itlio; c:ise, ami for his exccod lUL'ly good-..judgment in ferrctting out. the guilty person,' and if, lie shoots the- charge homo, no doubt lie will- rcceivc duo recogni tion from his superior officers; 1 i ,, i THE annual meeting of Commoners will l>c I hold at- the Commercial Hotel on Tuesday,1 I the loth instant, for the purpose of receiving I report and balance sheet for tho past year. : :? MB. Inspector Roberts. loft for Sydney by last night's train. Wo uudorstaud ho has i been sent for to confer with tlio hu-.ds of the department upon tho grievances complained of liy tho people of this district undor the new uharge-shcet. :.We-liavo rocoirod the nineteenth annual report of tho Nov South Wales Institution l for the Doaf and Dumb and the Blind, from which wo gathor that at present there aro 80 pupils ill tlio institution; and tho receipts i from all sources for tlio year, including a baldiieo of £45 3s. id. in hand at the begin ning of lust year, amounts to £3124 9s. Id. The esponditure (less a balance of £26 7s. 4d. in the bank, and including £500 transferred to building fund account) amounts to'the same. Included in the amount of the ro* ceipts is a sum of £1500, a bequest of tho latoof Mr. Georgo Atherden, and other amounts in tho shnpo of losaciea to tho institution. Tho system of tuition is founded on tho German stylo. Amongst tho patrons and supporters wo notice tho names of his Excellency and several ladies and gen* llemon of note. A novel featuro in the vol 'rime before us is several specimens of com* position by the pupils, each of which tends lo' show that they nrc having much useful knowledge instilled in their minds by the curriculum of tho institution that bus been established for theso unfortunate members of humanity j and wo most earnestly commcnd tho support of such a-valuable charity to our readers and the public of the district, and feel assured t hat those who are philanthropic eully inclined will not bo bestowing their charity avvny uselessly by supporting a noble institution. 0$ Thursday afternoon lust a large portion of tho upper storey of Messrs. Boylson's mill iu George-street, Balhurab, gave way, tho debris falling into tho street. The Western Independent states that upon tho floor was stacked from '10 to 50 tons of wheat in balk, which forecd the woodwork of the building out, taking with ifc tho whole of the brick* work from tho sccond to tho third storey the full length of tho front entranco, and falling upon a spring cart, the property of Mr. P. Martin, of Sofalu, which was in front of the mill, entirely smashing it. Happily the horses got off without being much hurt. Had the accident happened a few hours later, a largo loss of life must havo been tho result. Work in tho mill was immediately suspended, and all bands set to work to gather up what they could and rcmovo the ikbrh. This accident shows tho necessity of having the Towns Building Act iu force iu Buthurst. THE Board appointed to inquire into tho sorious charge brought against Whittukcr, a telegraph operator at Ballarat, of having dis closed tho contents of a telegram, have sent in their report. Thoy state that tho ovidonco has failed to sustuiu the charge against Whitakcr, who is therefore exonerated and will.bo reinstated iu his position. MR. Farneil made what must for an cs Minister of tho Grown be considered vathfcr a peculiar speech at the banquet in connection with tho Iviama show the other day. Ho said he preferred such occasions as these, when he could countenance the advancement of the country, to going to such frivolities us were taking place at Albuvy and Dubbo. (Hear, hear.) As a politician, he had been too straght, but as Ion# as any constituency had sufficient fnilh in him to elect him, he would see that the Government carried out proper measures. (CJheers.) He deprecated the practice of goiug to Government for help, and said those only would receive assistance who " helped themselves." (Applause.) Me had been " put on the shelf," and he supposed that until "old Harry" or "old Jack" died (laughter)-ho would never Iwvo a chance again. The present Government were forced to carry out tho measures he had initiated, but were coming back to the old track again. Ho went in for honest government, but that could never succeed in New South Wales. (Hear, hear.) They hod tho greatest chicanery and " Waselaiaycr" business in tho carrying on of Government. (Laughter and cheors.) But the Ministers knew how to keep such things us the Kiama railway "looming in the distance." (Cheers ) He had not come down to discover "the Kiama ghost"-(laughter)' .-but ho strongly advised the , people--to. demand their railway as a right, when ho was confident they would get it in: two\yearsj. (Applause.) ; r ; i < Concebniko the mysterions disappearance of Mr. Dalton, tho Polico Magistrate at Forbes j Bohemian/' who writes for tho Forbes anil Park&i; Gazette, remarks in tho issue of that journal of the 2Sth January.:-" It does Been? to me & strange thing that no tidings- what ever havo been received of Sir. Dalton; P. if. J whoso singular disappearance last Norember is'most inexplicable. Surely fay this time the polico should havo heard something of him* or his relutircs or fnend3 taken steps to dis cover his whereabouts, Up to tho present i the wholo afFair reniians a mystery, unci why i it should bo so bafllus mo, and makes me ''-think but little of tho detective forco of New i South Wales and Victoria. Mr. , Dalton was i a mnn whose - appenranco was remurkablo i enough to attract attention anywhere ; his j;uii was peculiar, his neck earned uwry-bis Face, once seen, easily reeognisable^arid'.yetj from the lime he left, professedly for Banned*, man, nothing has been- heard of-him; The Police. Gazette gave a most lifelike portrait of lum; describing the old gentleman as of,^mili tary gait and soldierly .appearance. Those who know him best canrlestify how correct is this picturo drawn from:lifc. Poor Dalton was a trno, genumo man-too old and Feoblo for work, and at limes it was hardly safe to trust him ulono. : A few days.sinco a .report was spread to tho effect that he had died in an hotel in Melbourne.- but this has since been contradicted; . fi3ithor lie 19 dead-perished, -perhapsi in tho'bush--oriho has elcurcdfout of tho colony. In any ease the police should be able to tracelnm somewhere." i :: .Some;of tho perils of the -bush , aro .< thus i described by tho .Port Auqwtla, Despatch, 28th» January :-" A- Mr. Spender,- accom prinicd by his wife and son and anotber mun, was proceeding to ono'rof the 'out-stations,' but ran* short > of water. ' The horse either, died or was unablo to proceed, and the travellers starledLon foot. v.\Mr. Spender was discovered by a station.hand in a fearfully exhausted state, while Mrs. Spender.was in a no lessr pitiable condition. The - boy lmd proceeded; ahoad of tiic others of the com-, pany, and whon found, two miles from tho stalion. was almost worn out. He had only, succecdcd so far on his journey by cutting his: arm/and sacking the blood, and thus allaying his thirst/' ' '.L\ST " Saturday afternoon, about 4 o'clock, a shocking .accident occurred at, tho rocky precipices on the south bank of tlio Yass ttiver, known as Hibernia Terrace, and not, far from the policc barracks. Two brothers; named Duffy were engaged, at tho top of tho steep descent in catching a goat» their pro*/ party, when tho eldest, Edward Duffy, who is about fourteen years of age, slipped, and. fell to the bottom, u distanco of between 30. and 40 feet. . A boy named Dyball was near at hand, and the screams of the youngor Dufly, attraotcd his attention, when tlio kittle,.fellow; (Dyball) ab once ran to tho barracks to ac quaint tho police of the accident. On his way; ho ' mot a lad named Mead, who rii3lied^ through tho river at somo risk to himself andj ran to Mr. Duffy's, the injured bov's father,} telling him what had happened. The father,; who had .been ill for somo time, hastened in; his borc^feet, Ji n d i t h o# u t ^ c,0^41°r 7i ? boy in a shocking state. His head wua cut and bleeding, tho/ left arm torribly. shat^ tared, and tho bones protruding, and blood, flowing from different, parts of Jus body.' The police, meantime, had procured a cart and the poor lad was carefully removed to Mr. Cuzner's inn, opposite- the court-house.; Dr.-Perry having been sent for, arrived a few minutes after the cart, and the boy was lifted:i oil', a .blanket :into ..tho >house. .. /rho.^doctor>| examined the injuries, received, and recom- i mended'', removal to the hospital; This was i dono, the extent of tho.injuries received earo- ;i fully examined, and everything; dono that was possible under.. the .circumstances. -Next morning Dr.-Porry and Dr. Biako agreed that i amputation of the arm wa3 necessary, and 'this was dono some distance above the elbow. Tho young sufferer bore the pain well, and lias since shown symptoms of improvement indeed, the doctors now think there 13 every probability of his recovery; The wrist bones wero crushed into smull pieces and protruded through tho. skin, tho elbow was dislocated and the bone pushed upwards. There wero some severo .cuts on tho face and head, but theso wero not dangerous, and the body was 'terribly bruised. It is astonishing,. consider ing the rocky,; rugged,, and high, precipieo ovor, which the. boy v fell,: that- instant death: was not tho result. . . TiiB woman who, under the name.of Do Laoy. lSvans, somo. tiuio since gained a short* lived notoriety,, und who.exhibited herself as tho." man-woman,'*. 'attended; (says tbo Age) ut Mr. /Panton's ehambors, at tho City Pohco Court, on Thursday morning, and applied to that gentleman for relief. The applicant,who presented: tho. appearance of being.a hearty, well-conditioned woman of middle age, stated thut sho had recently arrived from, a neigh bouring colony, wliero she had boon the victim of a speculating showman, who had at length left her to her own resources. Evans, o? ;by whatever sobriquet 6he is known, added that, being heartily sick of tho show life she has recently led, she hud managed lo obtain a passago buck to Melbourne. She states that she is suffering from a physical infirmity which incapacitates her from sovere lubour, and her dosirc is that she might be admitted to the Benevolent Asylum. Mr. Panton gave tho woman a letter of introduction to a mem ber of the committee of management of the Benevolent Asylum. Tub Sandhurst correspondent of'the Age relates that on Friday morning as Mounted* constable Soinsoury of Kangaroo Flat, was riding through his district ho came on a hut, from which a terrible stencil was issuing. Looking in, ho saw the dead body of a man hanging from the rafters. The stench, how ever, was too strong far him to enter, so lie rode into Sandhurst, and brought out the coroner. The body, or rather skeleton, wns then cut down. It must havo been dead over a month. Tho sight was a horrible one, the bones being only held together by blackened pieces of skin. The man hud a wooden leg. At tho inquest held afterwards tho cridenco showed that deceased^ nnmo was Nicholas Samuelson, a Swede, GO years of age. Ho lived by himself in a hutat Kangaroo Flat, and bad told Constable Sainsbury some timo ago that ho was tired of life, consequent on suf ferings from' rheumatism and poverty. Ho had been a patient in tho Bondigo Hospital, and at the timo of his death was the recipient of aid from tho Bonevolent Asylum. A rcr* diet was returned of suicide while of unsound mind. During a thunderstorm -which occurred ni Echuca (the Jiiverine Herald reports) tho lightning was very vivid. Tho cross on tho north gablo of St. Mary's Catholic Church wus struck. It fell lo tho ground in four pieces. Tho cross was composed of cement, and it appeared as if it were cut oft by a cannon ball. Not a brick or a slato of'tho church was injured. After striking the cross tho electricity, in tho shape of a ball of fire, struck off at a tangent, and appeared lo buvy itself in the yard at tho rear of tho church. School was being held in the church at tho ; Lime of tho occurrence, and flushes of red light were seen to dart through tho building, jomo in closo proximity to whore u number of children were sitting, and these were followed by a terrible clap of thunder. A scene of wild :onsternation followed, some of tho girls fainting and tho boys rushing out into tho rar'd. It was soon found, howovor, that no ?uo was hurt, Oy Sunday morning last, as Mr. 13. Vyner was driving the Misaes Vyucc and a lady visitor to the Anglic,'m Church, Tumut, the; party had a narrow eseapo of. sustaining a very Kerimi8 cusuality. Wheu the vehiclo was passing along the side path by the con* tinuatioa of Fiuroy-street, and near M'Alis tor's placc, one of the traces got luoso. Mr. h). Vyner alighted and fastened it j but had hardly resumed his seat in the buggy before the satno trace broke, and the horse, which wa3 rather u spirited animal, became uu managable, and dragged' the vehicle close to the precipitous bank that descends to a marsh and lagoon on the river flat below. Before this Mr. 13. Vyner had been thrown out, and one or tsvo of the ladies had either jumped out or fallen out. Very fortunately, at this juncture the horso got loose from the harness and bolted off, otherwise ho must have gone down the steep incline, with the vehicle and its remaining occupants. As it was, we arc glad to record that some soiling of feminine attire and shaking ami bruising of the wearers thereof represented the exteut of the damage done. . We (Dally Tcler/raph) learn that llic Bishop of >Sydnoy is about to leave tho colony for twelvo months. A complete change of nir and scene was necessary, and, with a view to obtain the best results,' De. Barker requested a consultation by Dr. Cox-and Mr. Alfred Roberts, intimating that ho would bo guided by. their decision.; Tho consultation has taken place/and the medical gentlemen have decided to send ; their put ient to one of the German watering place*, in the hope that lie may bo thoroughly restored to health;; Dr. Cos and Mr. Roberta think that, in the case of (he Bishop, u visit to .Germany is'likely .to have a more sanatory influouce than could bo hoped for irorn a sojourn nfc one. o? tho colonial watering places. ' It is the intention of'the Bishop to leave Sydney for Malta by the March mail.. . - TUB Muswellbrook correspondent , of , tho jlCaiUand, Mcrcunf eives .tbo;- following, par-; lienors of tho accident to tho-goods trmn on , Thursday-night, betweon Muswellbrook and: Aberdeen :-" As the lO.JJO p.m. goods.train.; wus proceeding. on..its..]ournoy Inst m»hfr, thero was a very heavy: storm, and when about (ire miles from AlusweHbrook.u warning was. given by the engine that there was something wrong/ . After going about lOOynras the.ten 'der collapsed by the sudden overturn of the enghio- The roils wore torn up for about 50 i yards- Neither tho engmodrivcr, guard; nor i stoker got. hurt 5 how theyieseoped is one of those mysteries for which \vc cannot account., There was one ^passenger on . tho; .train, iind^ h'a * must havef been 1 asleep,1 bccauso when the accident i happened; ho. sung .out, " Are you stuck up?" and went to sleep QffQin. .Tho ' scene ? oE ^the ^ accident ; is. ix . very pretty-spot; tho water coming down the mountains with, a great.rush, wind , the cnlvcrt at this point beiug a small one, there was ?pt sutfie'ciit get .'away for tho immense body of water that eamo down. On visiting the scenc of destruction ion the<sanie mora* iug* a* curious ;sii<ht presented itself to-:the spectators. -Mr. Duffy was there, with about 70 men, engaged in clearing away the broken trucks, of whioli there were -three smashed, and the others off :the line. , The engine,and tender were buried m the sand on the em bankment. There . was no blame . to - be attached to any one, as the tram was going at its usual pace, and the night was very dark. M'Canu, the guard, and Miueh, the driver, are sober, trustworthy men.;. . The - followl g interesting- anecdote oj Thomas Carlyle. and the original manuscript of the " French devolution''.is froma cor respondent of the: World:-11 la-No. S77 of 'Chambers' Journal,' 1SS0, page GG5, it is correctly stated that the manuscript : of the . JFrench licvolutioj)' was carelessly burnt. But it ia further stated; that Carlyle told a Mr. Thomas Aird. that ho ^considered the second effort better than the first. This is just the contrary of Carlyle's'account :maic some four years since to the writer of this note., .Silting one evening in the drawing room 'of tho house- in Great Cheyne»row, Chelsea, . scl£ and i Carlyle were iii-con versation upon genoral subjects, when I remarked,: 41* have heard. that .the mum script of the "French lievolutioiiV was destroyed before going to the printers. ~ Was that,so ?'?. Carlyle : ' Ay, ay, it W03 so.' myself: '\Vhat did you.do under ithe cir* euinstarices ?' .Carlyle : 'For.three days and nights I could neither eat nor sleep, but wns liUo a daft inon.' Myself: ' But what did you do at last Carlyle: ' Well, I just went away into the country ;. and here he burst out into a fit of loud laughter, and then suid, .? T difl .pnthinir. for^ u- ;-?«.»» iviarryafc s novols jr and- a nee a serious pause he remarked,. '-I.set to and wrote it all ovor again j' but in a melancholy tone concluded, .l dinna think it's the same; no,.I dinna .think it's the samc.,,, . : A TEiutiBLD boiler.explosion: occurrod at llr. Thomas Eungcrford's-Hour mill > at Baerami, near Denmau,, on: the: 3rd instant. Ik appears a fresh band was engaged to drive the: engine, and the second <l»y tbe driver let nearly all tho .water out of the boiler, and as bo ona svas in the mill- at tho ? time, bo waited till Messrs. Thomas and Robert Hungerford came in, and they told him to draw the fire, which he commenced to do. Both the Messrs. Hungerford went round to tho back of the eugiue, when an explosion took place. . The botler burst out both ends. Tho driver was blown ten yards, . ngaiust a stack of wood; nil his clothing and one boot were blown off liira ; all bis ribs' and chest hones smashed. . Ho was - picked upvaud carried into tho mill, where ho lingered for two boars. Hot cinders adhered to his flesh, and he suffered excruciating, pains.; Mr. Thomas Hungerford, . lato r M.Ij.A., was scaldod badly, on the body, arms,»and face.* Air. Robert Hungcrford, was scalded on tho head, and a workman.,-was scalded on the face and hands. A magisterial iuqiury.was held on tho 4th instant. :JNo blame could be attached to anyone but tho driver.. ;.The de ceased' was named: :Charlesv;Hum[Uoii,.aud was a stranger in the colony. No papers ?were found on him as to his past history. At latest news >Mc.' Thomas Hungerford was rather uneasy. * We (Western Independent) have rccoived the following communication from an. au thentic sonrcc, tho writer having, bud recent opportunity of ascertaining tho, facts which : are giveu :-Tho '* Claimant" is at present iu;i her Mnjesty-s convict prison at Portsmouth, i whoro ho is employed iu stacking timber, in which occupation he seems quite at home. Ho does as much work as any threo men in bis party, aud this is not-as he himself says-1'from any superior strength that he possesses, but from a 4< knack" of shifting logs, which ho acquired in tlio backwoods of Australia. By bis fellow prisoners tho " Claimant" is regarded as a "a very good sort," always ready and willing to lend a baud to a fellow-prisoner. About three years ago bo was transferred, from Dartmoor to Portsmouth, when ho was put in the tailor shop to repair the prison clothiug, but having had a quarrel with one of the ineu iu the shop, he applied to bo put out of it, aud was accordingly transferred to the &tackiug; party, whero bo has remained ever since. At iirst the "Claimant's" appearanco on public works created considerable excitement, crowds Hocking to the prison eager to catch a glimpse of him as lie marched to and from labour, but the novelty soon wore away, and ho now marches in and out of the prison scarcely noticed. Although his health is good, his prodigious bulk has considerably decreased. He docs not weigh more thuu fifteen slorie. Ho is allowed extra food to tho extent of about one-fourth moro than the ordinary allowance. Since the introduction of brown bread, about twelve months ago, the "Claimant'* complains very much of hunger. When the white broad was served out, he says, he could afford to give away three or four loaves a week, but now ho can not afford to send back his potato peelings. OnSuudivys he takes exercise with the othei prisoners in the yard appropriated to that purpose. Tho prisoners at Portsmouth walk together in threes, so that the "Claimant" has two companions with whom he can con verse. lie attends tho services of tho Catholic chapel, but never goes to confession or communion. Some time ago ho petitioned tho Secretary of State for some reduction of sentence, wheu the governor was instructed to inform "Arthur Orion, alias Thomas Castro, alias lloger Tiuhborne, that thcro were no grounds," &c.; This answer tho " Claimant " felt very keenly. AT the S^.ford Hundred Sessions, James Holt, a borsedealor, und Henry Scholes, farmer, wcro tried on tho charge of maiming A cow. It was stated that Schoies had been evicted from his farm, which was taken up by a man named Thompson. Scholes after* wards threatened Thompson, and the next morning Thompson found on going iuto his shippcu that bis beat cow, valued at about £'20, had its throat cut. Kvidencc in criminating Holt having been giveu, tho jury convicted both men, aud they were sentenced to seven year*' penal servitude each, 