THE PEERYBINflLE 'PAPERS. B IVdl, now, it does surprise me that Ananias can't find anything in toe real morning papers of toe metropolis which it can answer, but must make my fugitive remarks a butt for the ill-aimed arrows winch are whittled into shape in its office, ever since I published a real right-down letter which was sent to me by a man in my own station of life, and which letter was true and good. I feel somewhat great about this, and none toe less, that toe presents Minister . of Lands (who knows what he is about, bless you !) has taken it into his head to be a true liberal, and has issued instructions, which jump in with the notions of free-selectors, farmers, and others, and these regulations axe just those which my critic would have advocated if it would not have hart toe " party." The great agricultural man of the " Misleader" dare not say otherwise. I have so many friends in the wheat- growing places ol the colony, who are accustomed to call me " Dear John," that I challenge the contradiction, which no doubt will be forthcoming. " Fools rush in," says an old saw my mother taught me, " where angels fear to tread," and I really don't think that there could be a bigger fool than the man who doubted toe honesty of v i . <, t\ vi rm. tne correBponaem or " jueartjono. ihwu muoh too mnch of this, but I don't think that there will be muoh more, Mr. Leader writer ! I do not remember having seen a better instance of toe gammon which is going on than this, which Dot read out to me toe other night from a paper published in a colony which is not so far from our own but what you could throw a stone into it. The adver tisement reads as follows, and I wonder how any decent paper ever allowed it admittance ; -— I am going into the country to try and bring more rain, and lecture as I go. I hope the people will help me with a little money. Cobbxn Lamb." This young lambkin of toe fold must have anticipated a good hearing expedition, and hoped to lamb down more honest and industrious folks than ever did the publicans of old colonial days; There is a capital story told of a ranting preacher who called at an old woman's cottage one day, and being re quested to make a prayer, took occasion to find out what sort of a boon would be most : acceptable. His hostess informed him that drought was killing her garden plants, and rain was implored. "When it did come, it washed the poor woman's garden straight way, whereupon she piously remarked, ' That's the good of them roving preachers ; they never does a thing but what they over does It." Whether Mr. Lamb is on toe same racket or not I can't Bay, but I don't think the subscriptions are likely to come in fast to help him on his self- appointed mission after rain and coin. Now, what do you think (and is is Dot who i speaks now) of that wretched undertaker who ' has kept little children's corpses in his shop until it was quite convenient for him to bury them 2 Dot says that she never in all her life, or jn toe lives of her father or grand, father, heard of such barbarity. Just fancy this gay and festive cuss hoarding up the bodies of young children in his front shop — ' precious ornaments they must have been — apd burying 'em when he had a lot on hand. I wonder whether this fellow lived on his own premises, or whether his apprentices, like poor dear Oliver Twist, slept amongst the coffins, knowing what ghastly burdens were inside some of 'em. It has often been said that truth is stranger than fiction, but I dare avow that if Dickens had pictured Oliver on the first night of his apprenticeship to Mr, Sowerbery as lying amongst coffins and their inmates, he would have been put down as a roxnancist of a far more intense power than he was. Yet that is exactly what might have occurred to the apprentices of the deadly-lively undertaker of Colling wcod, Whose forge tfulcess waE met by a fine of twenty " bob." He should have been whipped t toe cart's taiL The pathos of the story is supplied by toe feci that the coffins of these little "forgotten" ones had been lined by the mothers with "flowers." But would it not have been much better If these maternal or paternal relatives had accompanied the re mains to the grave, instead of leaving them to the tender mercies of the Oollingwood representative of the undertaking art ? After this, let's go in for the cremation dodge ! Dot, having had her say as aforesaid, let «e nave another turn. The last subject gave ine a precious good turn, I can assure you. But heaven bless us, that sort of thing is little compared with the resurrection bones of toe old Radical party. They might be laid aside without anybody being offended. It is only when there is an attempt to rally the " party," and to make a rattle of the dry bones, tha« you get disgusted. Well, while I am writing toiStl haTen't got toe le&st; idea as to ho ., JeYjgpt on at Baliarat, but I oaa see the,, rattle Jhh5. eople up there made. t Bead tbis from the report of a meeting in the Ballarat Courier , which is the only apostle of Berry- ism left tons: — " A committee of five or six was appointed as ticket- takers, the chairman and secretary ' to attend to the drawing for the numbers of the tables by toe ladies. The names of toirty- five ladies were handed in tut volunteerst6 wait at toe tables. The 'secretary wffl be-gfafl to -receive other names; fifty required altogether. Young men are also required as volunteers to wait on the ladies. The secre tary was empowered to obtain rosettes for the committee (red, white, and blue). Mr. G. Tutton and Mr. J. Hall were appointed to give the ladies every assistance at the tables. The secretary was authorised to make full provision for toe reporters, no less than about twenty being expected. The Ballarat, volunteer brass band, with the kind permission of Major Sleep, have volunteered their services for the occasion free of charge to toe committee, and will meet at five p m.f Mr. T. Ellis band master. It was decided that Mr. S. Trend, who has taken these matters in hand, be empowered to present complimentary tidkete to each member of the band, as a slight token of appreciation of so kindly an action. It was agreed that a cold collation be provided in the afternoon for toe delegates at the conshlt&tion;, and the committee arrangement with ; the caterers to be made accordingly. The consulta tion to be held in the Alfred Hall at one p. m. punctual. It was also resolved that every consideration in the committee's power should be extended to country delegates, and that the Ballarat men would abstain, as much as possible, from public speaking, but it was thought proper that a resolution should be proposed at the ensuing meeting expressive of confidence in the past actions of the Berry Ministry ; and Mr. B.T. Yale, it was resolved, should propose it, an Mr. Mark Kyle, of Bacchus Marsh, to be requested to second it.' Now, this is pretty high, ain't it ? If this is _ mm VI VI _ r ll TP 1. f 1 1 «f & -rauy oi me uioerai p&riy;, wny w&sn; t Berry's old friends in Melbourne "in it?" Bands; and ladies, and rosettes, and young men — why, this could have been done on Col- lingwood flat at any time. The boozing- up of toe band is a masterly stroke of genius, and there is another gem of arrangement in the abstinence of speech on toe part of Ballarat men. Depend upon it, that this will tell, but it didn't come off. By- the -way, is " Yale" the man who, twenty-six years since, used to bamboozle the people of Beechworth with mock addresses? I was carting up that way once, and voted for him under & mistake. I don't wonder that he has turned against the party he then adored. I'd like to know whether this out-and-outer is the out and outer I then knew? I notice that in the daily papers there are generally reported about from eighteen to twenty deputations per diem. That's good Latin, ain't it ? Well, they all get fobbed off some way or other, and the Ministers arenot so much to blame for either promising or fobbing off the would-be ransackers of the different departments. The fact is that these deputation are getting a regular nuisance, and they are folly up to & capital standard I heard of the other day as applied to them. Perhaps I should ssy " definition" instead of "standard," but the terms are convertible. The definition, which, I need not say, is from an American standpoint, reads thus : — " De putation : A noun of many which does not signify much." And I am sure that my readers will thoroughly agree with this as they will with the other definition I shall present this week. It springs from the same source as the other, and is specially adapted to the Yan Yean water, with which I wash my cart each day, but which even Boxer will not drink till filtered : — " Water : A clear fluid, once used as a drink." I take mine in the form of beer now, and Dot takes her water in the shape of tea. And thus toe world goes round ! So " Berryism" is troubling its author. At the tea -aifd- muffin struggle at Ballarat on Monday last Mr. Berry said he was " sick" of the word " Berryism." Well he might be. The horrors and misery associated with the word should 'trouble his conscience like B&nquo;'s ghost did that of Macbeth. For " Berryism" Is associated with broken hearts and ruined homes, lives blasted, wives made widows and children orphans. Oxl6 act Aloae of "Berryism," that pf Blpck Wednesday, will always connect its author's name with toe most cruel, cowardly deed ever perpe trated in Australia. Sick of the word, indeed! Thank God toe colony is getting sick of one who perpetrated such a cruel wrong. It is all very well for Mr. Berry now to get up a snivel over the word "Berryism.'' If this man only had toe power he held three years back I honestly believe he would be the same unscrupulous tyrant that he was then— the same press -gagger — toe same of hearts and homes. If "Berryism" is not synonymous with everything that is bad and wrong, why should Mr. Berry wish his opponents to drop the word ? JOHN PEERYBINGLE. . Oar Sandhurst 'correspondent voltes; The City Bench on Wednesday com mitted John Barnes, a farmer at South Lockwood, for trial at toe next gittmp Qf the Sandhurst Assize Court, on the charge of stealing several sheepskins and a quantity of fat from the station of Mr. B. Moffitt, at Ravenswood. Bail was allowed in two sureties of £100 each and the prisoner's recognisance of £200." 