CRUMBS. President Garfield's state is critical, but not hopeless. Mr. W. Dinnen has been entrusted with the contract for metalling the road|from the township to M'Gowan's lane. Fresh cases of small-pox aro still being reported m oyaney. lne disease appears to have got a firm hold of the city. A friend of ours, who is jealous because we made a hero of our splendid colonist of Cooper-street, threatens us what he'll do if we ever treat him thus. We offer him a friendly challenge. Readers may rest assured that if a double event ever happens in the family affairs of Mr. Yellow Jaundice, we'll let them hear of it 1 ? I ? ? ' I ~l'l M I Mil A further extension of the Great South western Railway, from Narrandera to Darlington (386 miles from Sydney), with an intermediate station at Hulong (375 miles from Sydney), will be opened tor traffic on . , the 1st September next. The rates for the conveyance of wool will be as under: — From « Darlington to Sydney, 10/6 per bale; from Hulong to Sydney, 10/3 per bale; irom Narandera to Sydney, 10/- per bale. There's a very shy young man in a neighbouring village, about equal in modesty to Mark Twain's hero in ' Call a Man,' and nearly as delicate as some of the nice young men of this town who were shocked last week by some innocent ' crumbs.' This young man, when he sees a young lady friend coming to make a call, as she comes in the front he slips out the back. The girls are earnest in their pursuit, but can never catch him. The lady passengers at a station, not very far from Mr. Dacey's hotel and the big mill, got a fright the other night. A person representing himself as a porter did the round of the carriages with the customary porter's cry, and poking his head into each carriage as he went along. He was disgusted at the effect. One lady fainted, imagining herself to be ' stuck up' and mistaking the porter for Ned Kelly's ghost, though he looked more like a Red Indian from the war path. The explanation is that the said porter whilst asleep had his face raddled by some larrikins. A fearful explosion of dynamite has occurred at Mudgee. A commercial traveller named Gault placed a small parcel of this inflammable material at the fire to dry. As a result he was blown into pieces. These are the horrid details : — When the servant girl took his breakfast into the room Mr. Gault was seated at the table writing, and but a few minutes had elapsed after the girl left the room when an awful explosion was heard, and on the smoko and dust clearing away, and the confusion subsiding, it was noticed that the whole building, with the exception of the bar and two adjoining rooms, had been completely demolished. Mrs. Paddison and family escaped unhurt, but received a great shock, and were blackened from head to foot. Search was made for the unfortunate gentleman, when one leg, with a portion of the body attached, was found hanging to the rafters ; the trunk and a portion of the head were discovered on the roof of the kitchen, about 30 yards away from the scene of the explosion ; the entrails and the other leg were distributed almost in every direction, having been blown to atoms. 