SPARKS. Horses that'll kick people's brains out, and trample under foot H.r Majesty's lieges, have no business in a mixed crowd of horse- men and pedestrians. Sixpenny drinks are right enough-all things being equal ; but when they're not it's time to sign the pledge. When a feller's on the beer and finds his way to church he should keep awake. When j a chap can sleep through a voluntary it's doubtful if he'd wake at the sound of the last trump. Speechifying in Court t'other day ; very neat ; ta, ta, ancient friends, adieu-" and if for ever, still for ever fare thee well!" We're getting on. The gatekeeper at a racecourse is no re ! spector of persons ; this is as it should be. I I like equality when it is possible, and - genuine. I More marrying-why don't they all get married ? they may as well ; it's good for trade j every way-parsons included. Meetings everywhere this week, to the right of us, to the left of us, all around ! Nothing , like it ; people must have spons to keep this little world of ours moving, or else society would rust. But why-oh, why ! don't we all "go in" for elocution and rhetoric ? Debating classes are suggested ; but what sane man cares to discuss whether a cat or a dog is the best j ratter ? The building of Richmond is that of the Rev. Jas. Cameron-externally, it is worth looking at, internally, it may be better ; haven't seen, so can't say. Singing is the order of the-no, not day but night, in Wiudsor. Richmondites have to come in to learn a wrinkle or two. Philar monics are wanted. Nothing come of leaders, letters, squibs, grumblings, or anything else, re early closing, whose to blame-hardly the emplovees think ye? It'll be a toss up with many on Monday night whether it shall be Haviland or Yarnold. Hang it, a fellow can't hear both at once! theres the rub ? Anyhow four miles out, and ditto home again tells 'gainst the spirits. Municipal By-laws in Windsor seem to me most perplexing ; projections, verandahs, &c;, on pathways dragged this out of me. H.M.S.S. Alice still lies at her moorings above bridge ; while Captain Alexander navi- gates the streets of the town with a qu.tdru- j pedal shoregoing craft. The course steered is sometimes erratic, and the local Marine Board may yet have to adjudicate. Bells are famous all the world over. There are big Bens'' and " big Toms," and *« bells of Moscow;" bells of telephone notoriety, electric bells, E. A. P.'s celebrated bells, and there are numbers of noisy useless bells. But there's a rare bell in Windsor-a born guardsman-which he isn't just now but a very clever draughtsman, and may I add, every inch a " tangnata." Verb. sap. J. B., not Joe Bagstock, ma'am-but a very useful clergyman in Sydney-knows how to " call a spade a spade," and. does it, in putting in a spoke for the Bulletin, There's a very ancient ghost on the road to McGrath's Hill. Will Cyril undertake to lay it? If so I'm on, any night next week. I stipulate, however, that Asmodeus accom- panies the expedition, as he ought to know something of these matters. " Fancy lends enchantment to the eye." Yes, so it does. There's no fancy, however, in the little gardening operations in " our " Park ; everything about the shrubs now are as they should be. They're at it again " them ministers o' grace" (that's only a quotation of William's). There's the great Wazerum Begum, and a white Moor, a Rusdenini, and a lot o' other furriners, going in hammer and tongs-at what ? Echo, indeed, says What ? Chinese mixtures are being bowled out, welly good ? we shall use Indian tea directly, which should amply compensate for the loss of opium, gains which the Indian Government would do well to wash its hands of. When you have kicked your opponent to your utmost let him get up, and recover himself -that's manly-but then some people are never satisfied, or, manly. That's the left Bo «ver. A scene was enacted in George-street on Sunday. Dramatis personae, a policeman, the ninth part of a man, and a revivified fossil of' the hor&e; species. Quite cheerful between services. VULCAN. 