ovr H'ivv.v iH.UJ ADAM HIMSELF SPEAKING. BY MAX ADLER. "I MADE up my mind," said the reporter, "that if the ghost ever appeared in my bed-room again I would overcome my fears and speak to it, instead of burying my head under the covers, as I did the first time. Well, sir, sure enough, the next night exactly at eleven, I heard a faint noise by the bed, and I looked around. There sat the spectre in the chair. I sat right up and said, with some firmness, although my voice tremb!ed: "Who are you ?" "I am nobody in particular now," said the ghost, " but I was Adam." "Adam who ?" "Had no family name. There was but one family of us, and they all knew me. I was the first man, you know. You must have heard of me." "Yes, indeed," says the reporter. "I'm sorry I can't shake hands," said the ghost, "but you might as well try to shake hands with a fog bank as with me. It's not sociable, I know, but I can't help it." "Oh, never mind," said the reporter; " I'm glad to see you, all the same." "Your name is Johnson, ain't it ?" asked the spectre. "No, my name is Jackson," replied the reporter. "Pshaw !" said the ghost. "I was looking for a man named Johnson; but my eyesight is so bad that I couldn't read your door-plate distinctly. The worst of it, too, I can't wear spectacles ; nothing is substantial enough to hitch them to. I wish some of you people would invent an eyeglass that can be worn by near-sighted ghosts. You would confer a genuine benefaction on the folks in the other world." "What was your business with Johnson? Perhaps I can—" "Well, in the first place, I understand that he is one of a committee appointed to get up a statue of me in the City of Eimira. I have been in to see that statue, and I want to ask Johnson where he got the idea that I used to wear a straw hat and whiskers. I want to know, also, what authority he has for giving me a Roman nose." "Hadn't you one of that kind ?" "Why, man, the Romans hadn't introduced that variety of nose in my time! And Johnston has had me represented with a huge serpent lying at my feet. Now, what was the use of bringing up painful reminiscences of that kind? Why not let the matter drop ? Hanged if I like it !" "It's an outrage !" "Between ourselves," said the spectre, locking his misty fingers over his knee, "I don't think much of the statue business anyhow. Do you know what they did ? Too stingy to make a fresh piece of sculpture out of a fresh piece of marble, they bought up a second hand statue of Benjamin Franklin at auction and hired a man to work it over into me. Doesn't look a particle like me. And, anyhow, Franklin was no kind of a man to make me out of. Greenbacker or something, wasn't he ?" "We consider him quite respectable." "Another thing I want with Johnson is to see if I can't make arrangements with some reliable Spiritualastic medium. I've been crowded out in the cold for about 4000 years, with no chance to participate in anything. Now, I'm the man that started this world. I gave it a send-off, and it really does seem hard that I can't even express my views in a newspaper, or defend myself from this calummy, just because I happen to be dead; now, doesn't it ?" "Very hard, but we didn't think you took any interest in such things." "Certainly. I often feel as if I'd like to express an opinion about the tariff, or the elections, or the buzzard dollar, or popular education, or something of that kind, and then, of course, Eve wants to hear everything about the fashions. I wish there was some way for a ghost to save a little money, so that I'd subscribe to a fashion journal or two just to quiet her. Do you know of anything I could get at?" "How would it do to make an engagement at the theatre to appear as the ghost of Hamlet's father or the ghost of Banquo ?" "It doesn't strike me very favourably. It might be considered rather undignified in the father of a race to be hanging around among scene-shifters and fiddlers. Beside, they have too much light on the stage for me; I can't get into shape unless there is absolute darkness. And then, you know, I'd be exposed to insult. When we hear a cock crow we are obliged to flit. Now, suppose, right in the middle of performance, some miserable boy should crow. Even if I knew it was a false alarm I would be so unnerved that I couldn't go on, but most likely I'd vanish as soon as I heard it just from force of habit. No, the proposition doesn't strike me. Seems unfair, though, doesn't it, that a man who owned the entire earth can't call a dollar his own?" "If a small loan will be of any service to you, I will gladly—" said the reporter. "You're mighty kind; but here, you see, we encounter another difficulty. Where'm I going to put a dollar when I get it? I haven't a pocket about me that'll hold a cent. Young man, a ghost has no chance at all. Keep out of the business as long as you can." The reporter said he should. "And now I really must be going. The sun rises so disgustingly early at this time of year. I think I shall go around tomorrow night and haunt Johnson, if I can find him. If you should happen to see him I wish you'd mention it to him, so as to prepare his mind. People are always scary at first with us. Perfect nonsense, too! Put your hand out and feel me. Don't you see? you can stir all around inside of me, just as if I wasn't there." "Wonderful," said the reporter, "very wonderful. I never believed in ghosts before. The oddest thing is that you, who lived so long, should take an interest in modern politics." "But I do, though," said the spectre. "Perhaps you will be willing to tell me if you are in favour of Hancock or Gar- " Just at this juncture, the reporter said, a cock crew in the yard below, and the ghost of Adam suddenly vanished. It was most unfortunate, too, for his political opinions would have been interesting. 