FARMING IN THE NORTH. *q Tm bbitob.' Sir—A considerable am(rant, of. correspon dence has appeared In yodr eolntnifii of lite On the above subject. That it is-mot a profitable undertaking at present cannot be disputed. Qoyder> ghost leemi to borer abbot,if.where to judge by the result of the .last twoseasons, I have had' some experlenoe' myself .and the result was as follows:—I took up a eeotion of land in Mareh, 1670, and put 14 sores Id crop the same season, which averaged 81 bushels; la 1880 I' had' <6 acres, 'yielding 3' buds; 40 lb,-;.and this year < I had„08 acre*,, wblchgrew about -ten inches high. and. got blighted before it wai 'oat' in' war.: This disheartened me so that I sold mysaleo tlon, at'e-low figure, of oonrse, and it Is my intentlon to leave the colony end go to fresh: fields and matures new. . This is the result of ' liberal land laws, and the more the same are ex tended the more ' people- will ■' speculate^ and the sooner the Government stop selling land outside Goydeib rainfall line the -better." I have seen five seasons-north id-it, and every year, about August, the wheat was in a dying condition, and, if raln at iuch a time fails, the crops wiU fail. -I'was told that it would' be ro before I selected, but, like so many others, I thought that 'rain follows the. plough, and I paid dear for my folly. Bome of yenr correspondents say that cultiva tion destroys the natural grass and herbage, and* "Cookie"' says the contrary. Both are rigbt and wrong at the same time, for I have notioed that tbe best grass vrlUdie out if the soil gets turned over, while some kinds, chiefly barley -gnssend e sort of native oats, wiU grow to each ' an extent as to kill wheat. I-em inolioed to think that this part of -the oeuntoy is not Suited for agriculture, and if if is to/retrograde and. comeback into squatters' hands again, then thev* would better be left in paeseasion now, at all events nntil it is proved that wheat ean be" grown with profit. The land in this hundred as not been sold so high as Baroota or Telowie, but it takes something far better than we have had so far to enable selectors to pay for-. it. This year's average will be leea than two* bushels. I am. Sir, be., fbibdbiob KtrrruiB, WiDiwwie, Deoember 10, 