Entertainments. " Diplomacy" was repeated last night to a very fair house, the attendance in the dress circle showing a decided improvement. The perform- ance also is improving. The Julian Beauclere of Mr. Cates is a representation which will bear minute and searching criticism, and is thoroughly natural and devoid of staginess. The actor has conceived the character as that of a young Eng- lish gentleman of the ordinary type, not con- spicuous for mental strength, but full of chival- rous instincts, and with a keen sense of honour. This conception is maintained throughout, and the actor never makes, even at the most tempting points, one of those distressing appeals to the audience for applause with which inferior actors are wont to interrupt the action of a play. From first to last Mr. Cates betrays no con- sciousness of an audience. The scene in the second act where Henry Beauclere stops his frenzied brother, and forces him by main strength to be quiet, is magnificent, and receives deservedly the enthusiastic applause of the audience. Indeed all the principal actors received last night repeated and gratifying tokens of approval. Miss Mayor, too, earns the enthusiasm she excites. Her acting when the conviction flashes upon her that it is to her the suspicious of her young husband point is magnificent. Nor must the efforts of Miss Wilton to delineate that wretched Countess Zicka be left without notice. It is evident that the young lady is not quite strong enough for the part, which is perhaps the most difficult and could be made the principal one in the play, but she does her best to rise to it, and several times she fairly succeeds. The same may be said for Mr. Boothman, both lady and gentleman receiv- ing well deserved acknowledgments from the audience. Professor Pepper's entertainment at the Minories Hall was well patronised last night, and some fine views of ancient and modern statuary were reproduced, by the great magnifying of the instrument used, to such perfection that the spectators might readily believe the original statue or group was before them. The illusory effects were finely rendered in the classical story of "Pygmalion and Galatea." The second part was principally devoted to those interesting views of balloon ascents and cloudland which are always very interesting, and the conclud- ing piece was the "Haunted Barber," whose customer repeatedly disappeared at the wrong time, and is still unshaven. To-night's programme will consist of a series of new statuary views, followed by another ghost story called "The Earl of Surrey and the Fair Geraldine," taken from one of Sir Walter Scott' AwSfuï* di;->'tó if?»,Vm í the " Hu"- - »owrtammont 13 to close with n ....uMd Barber." To-morrow night the governor and Miss Kennedy have signified their intention of being present Friday and Saturday are announced as the last nights, and a special ghost marine's is to take place on Saturday after- noon. The Cosmorama at the Town Hall was pre sented again last night, and tho entertainment was somewhat moro successful than on the pre- vious evening. There was a liberal distribution of gifts, which tended to increase the attractions of the entertainment, which will be repeated this evening. The Chorus has come out in No. 1 of vol. 2 with a double sheet, and the proprietors an- nounce their intention of making it a good advertising medium, and also state they intend to keep a continual change of reading matter before the public. The publishers of the Chorus do not, however, remember to acknowledge the source from which they obtain their criticisms of current performances. ,?ETt7nN' match at bowls between four of the south Brisbane and an equal number of North Brisbane players carno off on the Green, on Saturday loBt, when the north men were vic- torious by one point. There was excellent play on both sides. The following is the result : Nor.xu. Mr. Knowles . Mr. Dunlop ,, _ South. Mr. P.M'Lcau.-ar.LA. Mr. ¿itchisou Mr. Brrdon Mr. Burgess, ontaiii-17 Mr. Stewart Mr, Çraw ford, captain-\\\ 