^mxzw&fyt;^mmft 1HEATRE ROYAL. Haillet. Mr. W. H. Leake is another example of tae legion cf actors who have from the days of Sbakspeare essayed the portrayal of his great creation, Hamlet, with but licrle more to cecs^i mend them as exponents of the put than a love of Shakspearian tragedy. Us. Leake, like many of those who have gone before hiin, has read, and probably erec studied Stmkspaate, until with Hie ambition which is characteristic of would-be professional stars he has donned cue suit of aable and appeared before die footlights as the melancholy Prince. Mr. Leake'e conception of the character as presented at the Theatre Royal on Friday night U neither better nor worse chao. that of many an actor who has trod the same boards before him, but Mr. Leake labors uuder pbymcal disadvantages that have not belonged to the majority of the miner Hamlets whs trim timetotime have appeared at the Royal. Ao actor who, with but very indifferentsuppart.cau sustain tbe weight of such a role with moderate success is deserving of a word of commendation for his perseverance, and his intelligent conception of a part tfeat he is not altogether fitted to fill, and in this wsy only can Mr. Leake be entitled to tbe approbation of the oritic. As a tragedian Mr. Leake is of too robust a type for the rcsthetical Hamlet. In hi; movements he lacks tte dignity of the prince and tbe grace of the cnurtier ; and his utterance is so much marrtd by his very pronounced Hibernian American acoeiit that the beauties of the prin cipal passages in tbe play are eusirely lose by it. His reaoiug uf the put tnrews no new light upi-n the vexed question of whether Hamlet was or was not mad, and in no portion of the play aid his rendition of tbe character rise above mediocrity. His best e&ort;, perhaps, was in the closet scene, which obtained for him tbe recognition uf a cull before the curciin. As v-e have before indicated, Mr. Leake wni bat lamely supported. Miss Kemble wbs not in her element &b; Ophelia. Although she appeered with credit in the earlier acts her assumption in the mod scene was inartistic, and her voice wanted tbe musi cal softness that is neoesaary to enlist the sympathies of the audience. Miss Julia Metton has not the emotional power that is requisite in tbe. Queen. Mr. Vincent, as the ghost, was care ful and effective in his delivery, but we ques tion whether he was justified in making a run ning exit from the stage in the chamber scene. The other characters do not call for special men tion, but may be described as weak throughout. Mr Paetnee. There was a greatly improved attendance at the Theatre Kuyai on Saturday nighc, when a piece was presented that comcc more withinfthe scope of the company than the Shakesperian drama, and consequently their success was in keeping with the onaiige of bill. Had Mr. Leake opened in 'My Partner' he would have given a better example of his special line as an actor than in the portrayal of the parts which he previously essayed. 'My Pnrtuet' is a drama which has Lad a notable run of popularity in America, aijd has hit the public taste iu some of the otLer colonies. It is based on one of Bret Hart's stories, and as a picture of Oili forriian life iB smartly written, and has beea effectively dramatised. We are informed that Mr. Leake has the sole right of playing ' My Partner,' for which ten pounds a week royalty is charged by the author. The rough elements of camp life on the gold fields, the stump-orating Yankee, and the coat less digger, are not attractive subjects in the ejfcB of some of cur playgoers, bat they are not tbe less actually representative of one section of humanity with which many of our readers are familiar, aud in tbe goldfieido history of the sister colonies more than one parallel might easily he fonnd of tbe centre incideuts uf Bret Haite's story. In'Mj Partner'JoeSaanders(3Ir. Lttke) tells Murj liiandon(31Us Kemble) wnat a commotion w&a; uauged in Che camp when tne news came that two jouog women would arrive duriBg the week, and how tbe stage was sor roundtd by eager ciewds of diggers, \\*ho had arrayed thtrnxcives in tbeir best store clothes for the occasion, ana what a di-appointment it was to find the young ladies were only two little girls. But bajB Joe, ' I took you in my arms and carried you home, and I felt a better man for a whole week afterwards.' Woman's softening and refilling influence made itself mtniftBtontbe arrival of the two little g'rls in that roi\gh and lawless community, and their upward caretr was tenderly watched by Joe and his rougher mates uttil the old, old story was repeated; and Joe's partner and the villain Bcraggs brought disgrace and death into their family circle. It would scarcely be believed, if it could not be vouched for as a fact, that tbe lady is now alive who years ago was the first white woman seen on the largest of the Vio toiian golufields, and who was cheered £by the whole camp, aud met with the most hearty and courteous reception from the diggers who then formed the nucleus of a city that now numbers as many inhabitants as Adelaide, In the first act of Bartley Campbell's play Mr. Leake showed with effective realism haw he had waited and watched and cared for the little girl whom he carried to her home until, as ahe grew to womanhood, he declared his love fot ber and asked her to De his wife. Then oame the discovery of the terrible perfidy of his partner, the man whom he had lived with for upwards of ten years, and for whom he had the a&eotion; of a brother. But it was at the close ot the second act where the climax of emotion was reached, trhen with a ory of horror Joe ducoveis that hu partner whom he had forgiven, and whom he is seeking to say a tew words of kindness and farewell, has been cruelly murdered by an aesaesin. This is a strikingly effective scene, and afforded Mr. Leake the opportunity of makitg one of his best points, and for which he was loudly called before the curtain. He was also recalled later on for his impressive inter view with the erring Mary, whs while the shadow of the gallows is over him he makes his wife to save her reputation. Hiss Kemble sustained the role of Mary Brandos ia a very . satisfactory manner, exhibiting considerable dramatic power in the scenes with Joe and his partner, and eliciting loud applause for her emotional acting ia the tnird act. We oannot speak favorably, however, of the joong lady who appeared as Orase Bran don, as she not ouly required the too audible aid of the prompter bat seemed quite unfamiliar with the ' business' of the play Mr. Vincent made quite a hit as Major Henry Clay Britt, a voluble stnmp candidate for legis lative honors. His make-up was adnurable,and bis impressible effmivenesa was really humoroas, while the sarcasms that he uttered on (Ame rican) political institutions and political repre sentatives were as much relished by the audience as though they had a looal application. Mr. Douglas, aa Mr. Brandon, played carefully and well throughout. Mr. Lawrence might have thrown a little more color into the role of Ned Singleton, the erring partner, and although Mr. (Sterling Wbyte's villain was somewhat tame for a Kian who never forgot or forgave, the character of Josiah Scraggs is made so despicable by the dramatist that he was hinSfcd by the gallery, and a shout of satisfaction waa raised when the murderer was in the bands of tbe lynohers. Sir. Tolano con tributed a good deal to ths fun of the piece by his lifelike impersonation of the -Celestial, Wing Lee, and Miss Julia Merton also created some merriment by her matrimonial inclinations as Miss Posts Pentland, the spinster with ** great eipectations.' The other parts in the drama were fairly sustained, and the piece was credit ably mounted, the opening soene, with the hotel and waterfall in the foreground and Mount Siasta in the distance, being very picturesque. That peculiar »T»iinal 'Darwin's miminjr lick' has no icason to complain of a lank of patronage, for ever since he has taken np his qaaiters in Bundle- street he baa received a very Urge number of visitors. Four medical gentte iuen have been amongst his patrons, and we are . informed that after a careful examination of the animal they pronounced him 'as human as themselves.'' It appears that 'Pierre.* for «noh is his name, became unwell last week, and the doctors called in held an impromptu consulta ticn, Ihe result of which was that a dose of medicine to the same extent as would be ad ministered to a child two .and a half yean old was given to Pierre, and after two or three ot these dores Master Pierre was enabled to report himself recovered, although hia fond ness for the medicine be had taken did not re liLqnish on the curing of his complaint. The owner of this remarkable animal is now teach ing him to talk, and although he has not yet mastered the difficulty, is sanguine that he will yet do so. Itideed the formation of Pierre's teeth and mouth would seem to point to tbe fact that talking was intended to be one of his accomplishments. At present he gives himself up to a more practical kind of occupation— that is eating and drinking— and it is a strange sight - to tee him pout out his own -tea. sugar it to taste, stir it up, and then drink itoffl^ A close examination ol the aiumal shows him to be re markably like a human being in oarrj respects. XJ^&SCDhaTeproportioni; emflM^ftofleof a lady, end the arms and shoulders, and indeed his whole body, indicate that he is not far re moved frcm the Almighty's 'finest creation.1* The animal seems likely to be a mine of wealth to his proprietor, who intends shortly to exhibit him in some of the vp-counby townships. 