: ; MELBQURNE. - (FROM OUR pwff . CORK ES rONDgjlT. )'"' " ! : Saturday evenirig." A meeting of Tim Cabinet wa held this after Inqon, but no, intelligenc'o is as 'yotAattainable as ltd -tho gentlemen' selected to fill the vaoant pdsta tin the Cabinot. It is, however, evident tfa'aV i arrangements are actively in progress/ i -wll ; The p.qn: AY. J. .Clarke, RI.L.O., lpav.es for 'Eqropp op t(ip 13th opjemhgr next. _ Befpjre'iiis departqrp ho. is to bo e.q|ertainq,d op Aliq/pOti i instant at the Exhihitiop Buililing by, .tjie. Gflro-i jmissioners, who. propose-. presenting hini'nvi.th a' handsoino album containing; their . photogcaplik and autographs, as n souvenir of tho great under taking ho so ably presided ovori -The ipfopossli to present a testimonial to Mr G. Cr Levey-has1 been abandoned as-being a breach- 6f the general regulations, although the' tender of "com)lfnlen» taryyUddresss qptl- pther flattering recognition of ; secyice's rendered was perpiittqd tojothej:! ojSiers. This Exhibiti6p gosaip loads mo to mehtjop that the great: lights no longer hauu: peene their effulgence illuminated) That, ftllr&s;&ips; stride of tlio lving jig longer is echoed by the barren" whlls,'' and; "only -the ' ghost of James Munro is seen wandering feebly through"the de serted shrine. The pommisBioners'fihdingl'ho longer the grasp of foreign hands, the' sklaahis of obsequious servants, apd the " plentiful djsj tribution - of free'- -champagne arid -passes IhavA fled, and now " -among ;lhe faithless faithful only ho." The Hon.' - James "Mnnrof is alone to be seen shedding the bountiful tear on' the spot, 'f<S yvhiph his epergy and uptiring zeal did sd;muoI?.- hqso who know by whiom the Exhibi.iidb'' rfe. was done will hover forget how rnuch yras due t'qs five untiring meq, who disdained 'riyst while wort remainqd- One of them has been li Ap sleep, but foremost among tlfoso who remain stands the pame of the zeylous- if grochety comnSAtPfi6' who faced tho wrath of Sergeant! - c The Mining department report thatv- gold Kaa been found at Templestowoj about eleven' Thiies from hlelbourne; but as gold has been found in small'patohes round TemploatoweJ for' th'e last fiftoen yoars, and tlie ground on which the metropolis Atqglf jsbqilt is aufiferoua, tljaye is not much in that fact. The Wardpp,. pf the Ballarat division reports tliat mining dprppanios in his district geperally continue successful, that Kingston is aotive,. and' Bubinyong' dividend paying. Somehow or, other old Ballaritt! can givo points to those Indian mines at Kolar after all. . i.-'-f Thp. active, AIinister-in-gqnorpl,A)fr.J3ppt,. took a driije. io .Qgbqrg this nftorgobn, settlpd.nrnutally tho future routo of. thp rupstriclc andOoDurg 5M'Sf.W'>Ip08"l5 klfjw ppijthtioiVa ftnd .hon-yront onwich Dr." Dolp»bn1.jjp _ .ppjoy himapjf in the contemplation of tlio linldiling coir on a rural farm. 