LîlSTRÏCT NEWS. ¡>nOM VARIOLS COUUHSPONDltNTB."! SINGLETON. ,* -) Alarm op Fire.-The audience at an anti-/ spiritualistic entertainment, given on "Wed-f nesday evening in the large hall of the}. Mechanics' Institute, were treated to sensational scene not provided for in the programme. It appears that towards the end of the performance ono of tho parties I belonging to the company was engaged lowering the chandeliers, in order to subdue the lights, just before one of the illusions reV presenting a ghost was to appear on tho stage! when suddenly the chandelier in the centra of the hall came down with a crash, but for-l Itunately without hitting any person. The 'lamps, tour in number, being all broken in the fall, the burning oil immediately spread! over the floor, raising a great glare, which ] from the street made it appear aB if the whole of the hall was one mass of mass of fire. There was an immediate stampede down stairs, and loud cries of " Pire ! fire !" were Bhouted by several ; but by the presence of mind of several gentlemen, who smothered the flames by means of the cocoanut matting on the floor, the danger was over in a few minuteB. ' *& BunoLAR8.-After a lull of a low months burglars aro again rampant in Singleton. During Tuesday night an entrance was effected by somebody into the bedroom of Mr. John Maguire, in George-street, and the sum of ¡£9 was abstracted therefrom. Several j other attempts to enter dwellings at night time during the last few weeks have been mentioned. Singleton, 14th April, 1881. ~5USWEM,BROOK. Kayuga. - Our friends at this little village are again to the fore, through the exertions of Mr. John Guy. There is to be a ball and supper at night in aid of the Public School prizes, and in the daytime there are to be races for money and other prizes. There will also be a lunch on the ground, got up by Mr. Guy. There will also be a booth where nothing but temperance drinks will be sold, with tea and coffee for those who prefer them. The weather this week has been very change- able, being hot and cold alternately with sometimes rain. Our Races.-I have been informed by the secretary of the above that everything is going | on well, with the promise of plenty of entries for every event in the programme, when all that will be wanted to insure a successful meeting is fine weather to help the committee, who are using every exertion to make it a j success. April 14. _ NA »RA BRI. If we take a retrospectivo glance over the pro- | grefs of the towi. since l¡:5u, when the hut o'- tbe uncivilized aboriginal first ndorned the banks of the j Namoi, we would bo undoubtedly struck with the tardiness and npparent negligence of our race in ad- vancing what appears to be a village of some import to the colony, Though each cycle left marks j for observation, they were tolorably faint, and it was only o lato j ears we began to recogni o them Kdiflce nftir edifice seemed to spring up PS if with- held for the attainment of a gives epoch, and then permitted to exercise its peculiar rights, till ul lumtely the present village became an accom plUho 1 fact, and it is grutilying to assert that the impetus of capitalists still continues with renewed vigour Look where you may the bright yellow colour of our native pine is conspicuous, wrought into comfortable little dwellings, varied by an occasional adjunct of brickwork which prove the tendency of improvement Strange faces are becoming a comino place event, especially in business pursuits, and it ib to be hoped that no self wrought bulwarks will raise up against this reliable stir and agitation of our observant and anxious pub» ho environs Tbe Show is to take place about the 25th and 20tb, which, to judge from the interest and sympathy evinced in the matter at present, signals great suc- cess A large and appropriate list of awards are drawn up, which are worth every attention No little agitation is evinced in the notion of the lecal magistrates revising the jury list A large in- dignation meeting 13 convened to take place about the end of the month The object is to consider the action, and to compliment Mr R H Lovien on the action be took in the matter The Kev Joseph Beale successor totheRev Joseph Bowes has arrived, and held service in the Wesley an Church last Sunday His style and ability were much admired and appreciated Mr John Darcey, of Maitland, has reopened the Commercial Hotel, and to judge by the civility and affability which he at present manifests to the public he will command a good business. Weather beautiful April 12, 1881. 