OUR VICTORIAN LETTER. [From our own Correspondent.] Melbourne, June 11. Our fatn ity is that of the belated, and our way like a broken staircase leading nowhither. We have done nothing but talk about reform and tinker with it during the past four years, and 3 et are as lar mm any praeoeu consummation at this innaamt aa ever. The Council has made concessions which may be said to have revolu tionised tfce Upper House in a mild way, and which it was thought would catty the snjfragei of the extremest UadieaL. bnt all to no purpose. The Badieals have shifted their ground once mac, and micas they eat their own valiant words, tbe Beform Bill Is aa dead aa a doornail. Tnevasto of words, of time, of money, and ttmrer baa been prodigious, and. for tbe whole of such waste then is nothing to show. Mr. Berry and his immffljatu following were prepared, with a few immaterial modiflffatimr, to accept ***** amaud mtnta of the Council; but Mirams, Longmore, Grant, Geansoa, LL Smith, and a few more irrepressibles would not listen to this, and by way of compromising with them Mr. Berry fell io with **jM* fanzDflr, and submitted amend cunts of the BQI, lowering the qualification aad the franchise beyond the paint which tbe {Journal "emphasised as the limit of their concessions. Ttere waa a good deal of palaver and much waste of precious time over these amendments in the Assembly, but when the mutiiafc-d Bill was returned to tbe Upper Home, the members ol tLat chamber made the shortest possible work of the matter, and rejected the Bill with ■ nromptitade which showed that it waa no idle toast when they stated that tn the direction of revolution they could no further go. Wnat wiQ be further done no one seems to know. Tbe extreme probability is that the BUI will be abandoned as abortive, sad its protracted session brought \i a close as speedily as possible. "Whether the Oppositkn, with the aid of tee malcontents m the Mhri*twial eroasbenehea, will move aa ad verse vote on the Ministry, -and whether the latter will in soeb case, or ontheqnastfop of the Bafcm Bill, simply appeal alrash to the country, we are not likely to know excepting by pro&nas; of events; bnt one thing Is quite certain, the qoestia? of reform has become quite blase, aad the country is heaitily sick of the whole wretched butuess. The plain speaking on the Ministerial side of the House daring the lati fortnight has been iiot rrr*f— *-* than edifying. This mode of talk bat not been by any meant oaafinad to one individual, but Mr. Longmare may fairly claim to have been the Maceartns of this peculiar style of eloquence. Mr. Mirams was unsparing enough when be raised the.standsrd of open revolt, but Mr. Loognare has oertamly borne off tbe palm fjy the recklessness of his vigorous fi*?^^pi<Hng Of course aB tbe fierce contention has been os tensibly in the interest of liberty and for the people's good; but when one looks at tbe Oaraer and sees among the irraconrilablea I/jngtnore, Grant, sad Woods, who wen members of tbe former Berry Ministry, bat who have since had the gates of the official paradise rudely shut in their faces, together with Mirams, Gaunsan, and !>. I*. Bnnth, who regarded themselves teversily as designate for Use posts which their ambitibn aspired to. it is impossible to resist tte conviction that they are simply a faction; ttat they are wrong by per- Tenkn aad habit, sod right only by accident; and that the country, to indebted ao'tbem for nothing except.it be a frightful mw3 admonitory example ex* pure unscrupulous •elf-seeking. Mr. Longmare, tn vulgar parlance, ii— h>fl guts a high go-in at tt"> T.iW?^i press, and at the Jgt in particular, and the Ag* in good tooth has gfveo him good cause for bis evident strong feeling and vehement invective. Tt?. f^-MjnifitrT certainly has the Tmw **>«* the aggnsaion came from the other side. One at tbe meat memorable things in conneetiaa with the literary history ot the Age is the fisree rosgb. handling which it administered to the present Premier in the old anti-Berry days. It ia a quest inn whether anything so ferocious has been exhibited by it sines those days, except 4t?* fioslanght recently "??^* on the ex-Minister of Lands. In referring to the eventaaSty of an appeal to ;tfae country, this paper states that on of tte minor objects to be attained by aneh appeal is tbe condign punishment of * aaeh niiaushlt TMWTita to the Liberal cause" ■eMr.Longman. "Under pretence of being nflu^ tdLenl then the Government^ nn. birched baiter to his party is doing his best to intrigue ciiiuelf back into the omce which he disgraced by hisblu&deriogand; fi?mi*'^inhitT« tion. Sffoinan didnozebytfcerabidindisoretion at his undisciplined tongue sod his insufferable o^ottem to bring discredit upon the Administra tion of which he was Minister of Lands, and we are only wonting tin feelmgi of the entire party woes we say that his exclusion from Mr. Berry's present Ministry was a subject of general congratulation to everybody who valued its re putstka. Circumstances have amply justified tte *u*pidon that at die very bast be was nothing more than an office-seeker, ready to tant and roar on behalf of anybody with more hrains than himself who would give him place and pay. From the moment ttat he lost plase and pay he laid himself out to plot and contrive tot tbe reetituUcn of what he taa the vanity to regard at his rights. With absolutely no claims to eonatmatrve statesmanship, with scarcely spoking power sufficient to nuke what ideas he may have stowed away in the reoesaes of his confuted and addled brain intelligible to bis oampaty—a maddy-pated legislator, and an acminirtrator of very doubtful fame, he seeks to ptnamde the Assembly and the country that he c nld have devised a much better Ke ferm BUlthanMr Berry, and that if Mr. Berry fails it is because he was not in the Cabinet to teJphim. 'Oedrin ia the friend, not Short.'" His speaking is referred to as "an incoherent tnixtme ot dtibble aad spleen." HU political prcfiigasy * more buafaeed than the Assembly taa witnessed tor sassy along day; neither side of the Boose will tench him with a pitchfork. Be is tbe andean tiling in Hie political world which all parties have agreed to taboo, and the sooner he is cast out into the mudheap from which Mr. Barry was nnwiae eaoogh to pick him np the bettatv' Is most be admitted that tLi« ia tolerably ctmng for tfaia enlightened age, in this cif ilised country, in ft city which site as Qgclb. of the Sooth, aad in an augoat assembly wbiefaistbscjnatnreaf ell eyes. Bat this was mUdsess ibelf in comparison with a speech which Mr. Loagmore delivered in theHonse on tte evtoing at the day wbea this was pub lithed. Mot that the terns which hensed were to noch stronger—they couJd not well be that- but the white heat, the intense acd on concealed vebueenee, the unreported part of the speech, that element of oratory which cancot fee put into wtrda was quite a sight to see. Mr. LocgsM?e, who is a mild-mannered Kan, pleasant as a companion, fierce ia his patiioti* virtue, and nnsmirehed in his private itpotatitD, has yet a nmrnant wrathfalaess, a latex-t slumbering fire which, on ocsssion, can become very volcanic, and I have never seen turn more volcanic with lota of lava to spare than on tbfc occasion. Many a slippery spooadrel with neither political principle nor personal cbarsetec slides tfanogh the world with a fceazcingand naetaona pUoidtty which tbe just night envy. Mr. Longmorf, good man, makes for fcinuetf anything bat a bed of races, chiefly because his quixotism is of the fierce uaeom crcmiairg nid nntameabto sort. MT.B-ehercssn.tlie Minisker of Mines, has been gettisg into eeoaideraUe hot water lately. Mr. Coecer aad Mr. Wheeler are Us eoUeagues in the reptetentatienof Oreswick, bat they are aoytbiD? but friends. Within this constifmeacy tntre is a dense ferert known as tbe Baflarook Etate Fores*. Ska reserve Is a little more than S^JOO acres, and timber euttog for the adjacent mf&es; of Ballarat and Oreswiek ia a veryim poTtentmdwstry there, n would seem that Mr. Biebardson in his capacity aa Minister «f Laadt, undo the stimulus o( some remark in Farlia meneonthesnkjf^ptomisrdsnHietinieagothat tbwrcservessMi«ldnot.betnvaded. Omtesryto Shis pres?iae abtmt 000 aore* ham bean aetoeted. and aiew tte m of paaKsg out of the control of tbe Stata. On this ground be has been tested stain and again by his two coUesgoesfor Oreswisk. Mr. IHahaHsau to aceasedof favor ing eertsm tenant rights in which he is person* ally interested, and making things plaaaaat for i it supporters by conniving at the encroach mtnts on this valoable State fbraat. Be ia bis torn has of oomrseagtea* deal to say about the p*Ufci«al !■■!>■ alllj of hia as? iisuia. He has btcaeonfnntadjriso with tte ghost ofaaun fcrnmt* eeecrreace whiefa took place some three or four yean ago. The yonths of both ■exea, who are ia taadning for teachers are some time* boarded out with repntahle persons lor waiit of aeeemmodation in the Training 'rstitn ticn itself. In this ease a Mrs. Pearee, widow of * teacher who had died in Uw service, *"-^ Ihe domestia ehiqe ol same ihrae oc four yontat, who happened one evening to be more than ordinarily onkageosa in their horse play. Mr. Bichardsm, who is a passuusl frieod of the kc*y in qnestksi. ehansad to drop in at a time when this stupid play was at its height. The good woman, imttle io eonfaoi tbe boys, and with her parisnoa exhaosted, appealed toner friend for Us farterpasJHcn. The youths re. aemtedtfaia, became restive, and so exasperated Mr. pH^ffsfl* that l« ti?<H"tM rhtitisiwi<mt on one of them with a whip which was handy Shis jetnh was thereafter laid up with an af fection of tfce hip-joint, said to have been caused fcytheeestigatlon he had received. The father Sf th^., 1? d demlttwed a thousand pounds of Mr. Bichardion, but finally compounded 2£ IS ttarJ? r ?? e DMh ■*"■ of £60. Boon after receiving th? aolatram tbe b« improved so radfaafc that be was foond at hU work again, at which be has continued without ■raeh epparentdainsfleever since. Mr. Biehard ■on n« 4e«bt rhovgfat he was well rid of this delicate end unpi—ant basiness, but it has bm fcreoght cp in the House In a manner evidentiv intswJedtomJnn both hk eredlt and chw*Ste" It my with safety be averred chat everything aMinitterdoes.ee well ea everything be does not Co, is sore to be wsewg somehow with some body. Ike other day a large iMp called the Olsmis C«UsejtHee Hebson's?e/fromoSn^briog! a«B ?tt* her a most Unfal fre^t uft Saturday (be Attempted to Und 200 Chinese at Bandridge. This very natural line of con duct, in respect to the met) who had arrived at the destination for which they had come over the ten, m resisted by a large party of rough* and larrikins, who were waiting oo the pier to * gate it hot" tor the Celestials. Those gentle men earned their resistance bo far that after ' j tiling like maniaeaand jostling the unfortu nate stranger*, they took from them their baskets, bamboo*, and other baggage, and mal treated them with personal violence, knocking them down and jnmping on them in some in stances. The eflSoera of the ship, with the assis tance of the water police, did all they eonld to protect their unfortunate) passengers, who were taken hack on hoard the ship until sufficient •oliee protection could be afforded them. This ia the way Is which these benighted pagaos aie treated by the enlightened Cbaatiana of this enlightened land. The aame ship ie likely to acquire an evil notoriety on acoauut of the character of her cargo as well aa her pas sengers. Mr. Bomran, tbe member for Mary borough, ia reputed to be the sharpest bagman in Victoria, and that is saying a good deal. A few days ago he stated in tho Assembly that a large shipment of impure tea had reacaed Mel bourne by tbe Glamis Cattle, and had baen pur chased by some of the wholesale houses. On the day previous to this statement being made, 250 fcaff-chtsts and 825 boxes had teen sold by auction in the city at from 3Jd. to 4£4. per pound, and this tea, Mr. Bowman said, was so Impure that it was neither more nor less than person. In England an Aoi of Parliament provided that tea under 80 per cent, ol extract should not be sold, and any person disposing of tea under that standard was liable to a heavy fine. Tie AttQr&ey-Qe;&eral; acknowledged his obligation to Mr. Bowman for bringing the matter under his notice, and said that in this, aa in a former instance when the sale of tea teas of tea was stopped for a similar canae, the most strict in vestigation should be made, and tbe matter dealt with according to evidence. Tom Bent, so called—meaning always the Eon. Thomaa Bent, member of Parliament lor Btighten—although not by any ""«ni? a genius, stands out conspicuotuly as a character in the House. The otter evening he had been called to order by the Speaker for saying that Mr. Lsuiens had atked the Chief Secretary a •• pot tip" qaestien. The Speaker ruled tbe expres sion tJaDgy, and Mr. Bent accordingly had to withdraw. The following evening Mi. Beat rose to make a personal explanation. On the previous night the Speaker bad ruled that tbe words "put up" were slang, and oat of order. His constituents had noticed the report ia the papers, and spoken to him on the matter, as they naturally felt hart that theiz member should have been rebuked for using slang, i Laughter.) He had taken the trouble to look up the mean ing of the words, and he found, on searching -Johnson's Dictionary"—(laughter)—that the words were not slang. Turning to page 671— (great laughter)—he found the words—" Put up. pass unavenged; I will indeed no longer endure it." (Laughter.) " Nor am I yet persuaded to *pvt up' in peace what a!ready I have foolishly suffered." That was my ease. (Laughter.) That's from " Othello." (Boars of laaghtec) Then he found another version of "put up." (laughter) Quoting from L'Bstrange, he real —"It ia prudence in many oases to 'put up' the injuries of a weaker enemy for fear of incurring the displeasure of a stronger." (Great laughter.) That's your case, Mr. Speaker. (Boars of laughter.) Hera is another version of " put up," which I will read:—"The woman must 'put up' a refusal, and tike re proachful name of dog, commonly used by the Jews of tbe heathen." Hare ihe hon. member tuned to Mr. Zox, and remarked, amidst roan of laughter. "Tbsfs your ease." Mr. Bent then quoted from ** Hodibras " and Addison to prove that "put up" was not a slang term. He nextread from Dickens, where Oliver Twist defines "pat up" as robbery, and then, ad dressing Mr. Laurens, fTclamwd, " Thatfs your ease." (Boars of applause.) He (Mr. Bant) had beard Mr. Fisher deliver a lecture on slang at Brighton, and he had nevtr referred to tfee words j *• put up," so they eonld act be slang. He hoped j the Speaker would acquit him of ""ing slang, (laughter.) The Speaker said he merely ruled tbe words as slang because they gave offence to the. member for Kortn Melbourne, acd words used in Parliament which gave offence were of course oat of order. Dcxug the last week we have been visited with a tucoeteinn of tremendous gales. ATI along on the Queenceliff coast, the Back Pptn?K g <wi<^ from Point Lonsdale oa to tbe Barwan Heads, the high tides, driven up with tremendous force by the heavy gales from the sooth, have invaded tbe ccait atd washed away the sand in a degree not paralleled for a long time put. Agood deal of damage was done to the shipping in Hobson'a Bay. Borne of the vessels drifted bom their fpfhmgf and fouled, and one, the Bulwark by name, was fairly capmed at the Stndridge Bend, where she now lies an her beam endj, and her yard arms all bnt perpendicular. She had a cargo of timber, and this washed out of her so freely that the beach an the Saerald Bill tide was strewn for a long distance Zae weather has moderated, the meat of the cargo, it is taid, will be saved, and tenders are being asked for raising the vessel. The case of the Ferret, yclept the India, steamer, which was stolen from a company in Glasgow, and after dodging about the seas, was brought into Melbourne to be detected as the dieeii g escapes, diags its slow length aioag, and it is doubtful in some aspeots what the issue will be. The a&ain; conaected theraaith axe bo consplieared, and the parsiea at home who are interested are so slow to take definite aaiian, that it is hard to say what complexion the case will ultimately take. There is one thing pretty certain, that before it is terminated there will be a pretty bill of costs for somebody to pay, meanwhile the confederated conspirators are in gaol, to which they are remanded from time to time as the slow process of the law requires. Ihe Postmaster-General has initiated a new system tor tbe registration of letters and packets containing money and other valuables. By this scheme the registration fee is reduced from six peace to fonrpence per letter, and the risk of loss by theft or accident ia eaid to be conside rably redceed. Portmartara who have reason to scsptct that money or other valuables are trans mitted without registration, are empowered to register the letters and charge doable fees oa delivery. This is better tha* the old system ot impounding and espionage, and it is balies-ed that it will be an improvement on the method which has been in use hitherto. A case has transpired which can hardly be without interest to mariners. A ship called the Uirspore was berthed a week or two ago at the Eandridge Pier. Soon after landing Oaptaia Dowling, her master, was charged befora the Steam navigation Board first, with carrying no sidelights en board his ship from the time of leaving the English coast until the vessel reached Gape Otway ; secondly, that no look out was kept on the Mirzapore during the time of running the easting down; and, thirdly, that a mtn was lost overbocd aad no effort made to save him. There was agood deal of ooa flicting testimony in respect to the latter charge. Borne of the witnesses swore that the nan so lost was aa almost nnrivalled swimmer, that the wind was not high, aad that the sea was moderate at tho time; others testified that a boat could not be lowered without being swamped, and that it was not possible to do anything towards saving tfce man's life without placing those who attempted to do in a state of almost absolute pern. Captain Dowiiag wa« fcrrod guilty of the two former charges, bnt the latter was held to be not proven. It came oat in evidence that two of the three boats on brard were utterly useless, and the third so leaky that the ram trickled through it. and it was so placed that it was impossible to be pnt into speedy requisition. Captain Dowling was deprived of bis certificate for *ix month, bat refused at first' to surrender it, afterwards, on the advice of his ! counsel, he gave it np under protest, stating his { intention at the same time to appeal from tbe j decision of the board. However mush he may fed aggrieved it remains that a man who could tail his ship through crowded aad perilous seas without side lights, without a ' lock-oak, and without a boat that eonld be used is not a very desirable person to embark with. Tbe great ball, which signalued the close of the Exhibition, mt which tbe two j ounger Princes were expected to be present, was an impasiog affair in it* way, but rather mixed. In the matter of number*, decoration and general dis play, it was perhaps the most brilliant thing of the sott that has ever been witr-aued in tbe ! city. Upwards of B.COO persons were present, inetading the Marquis of Hormanfay, Sir Arthur I Kennedy, Governor of Queensland, Sari Olanwiliiatn of the Detached Squadron, Prince Louis of Batte&burg;, Lord Hervey Phipps, aad seven! other distinguished personages. The viceregal party arrived soon after 9 o'clock, and the Governor and Vort OlamriUiam left short!; before eleven. The catering was done by (Xenunts. Chair* were not provided at the table, and tbe guest* retired when they bad been supplied, to make ro«n for others. The dancing space comprised the entire area of tbe front Exhibition Building and dancing was kept np until nearly 3 o'clock in tbe morning to the music of Allen's Band, unoer the direction of Mr. Warnecke. One teast only, that of the Qaeen, was proposed by tbe president. Mr. W. 3. Clarke. It has been ssmewbat maliciously said that the crowd was fa part made up of livery servants in mufti with their female friends, bat I apprehend that this was not the ease to any gnat extent, although there is little doubt that it was true in anpnstance or two, just enough to justify and give point to the remark. The Board of Management of tbe Bscevo'ent Asylum man to emulate the style and mannes of onrHoute of Assembly afrits worst. Recently there was an inmate of that institution who gave the [doctors and officials generally s neat deal of trouble in many ways. One other megrims was a sort of haunting dread that after death her body ,would come Tinder Hie operation of the dissecting knife, and she in duced her friends to promise thai on receiving notice of her death tterwooMrfalm her body. Tbe woman in due time died, and her friends were true to their premise; but tbe medicos had been too quick for them. Her ease was a complicated and somewhat obscure one; for twenty-eeven yean she had been an inmate of the asylum, during which time she was c sufferer from phthtus, tumon, and paralysis, and as soon as death allowed them, the djccora, whete diagnoses had been perplexed, wore anxious to discover tbe real facts of her ease. At the moment that the friends arrived for the body, they heard sounds of merriment issuing fiom the disaecting-room, and when the bjdy of their relative was afterwards given to them in pieces they inferred that tbe dissectors- haS been making coarse mirth over her mntilatod remains. This was brought before tbe committee, and produced so mncta partisan excitement that the members of the board, professional men and gentlemen by courtesy, gave one another the lie direct, and almost came to (Utico&s.; Toil is unfortunately no new thing at this place; for some three jean past they have been inastaceuf ehrouie intermittent disagreement. Several of the old committee resigned same time ago. and it was hoped that the new blood woald show up in better form; bat that has not been the case. There is an old proverb which says," He that is greedy of gain trenbletfa his ewa home." Au incident lately ooourred at Sandhurst directly in proof of this. A nun named HicJtej, a iroodcarter, brought his wife to the pa'.ioe station and asketi the constable in charge to Uke her into custody aa a lunatic. Scantily clad in threadbare garments, with sunken features and protudisg jawbones, her emaciated condition mi proof that she was either being starved or was starving herself. She was as ocmpa?ied by three young children, hatlcss, bootless, and meagrely clad like hersalf. but who clung to her thin and draggled skirts, and re faced to Usve her. The doctors were called in for examination, and they reported that the oaly thing the matter with the woman was want of nourishment. She was therefore formally brought before the magistrates, and dismissed on' the evidence of the medical referees. It tran spired that the family bad been living in a small hovel on a selection belonging to the maa Hickey. and had been denied the common .neces saries of life. The most singular part of the story is that Hiebtfy had a deposit of several bundled pounds in the bank, and his wife's lunacy lay in her persisting in carrying the deposit receipts about in her pocket. Her re fusal to give ap these led to hi* charging her with lunacy. A more wretched spectacle than this family presented from sheer want, while tbe husband and father was a capitalist in no small degree for a working man, has seldom been presented under any circumstances. Henderson, tbe assumed proprietor of the steamer Ferret, is evidently a maa of great invention and '.pluck. Any one who has seen the Melbourne Gaol will obder stand that it argues no email degree ofhardihood for a man to attempt even to escape from it, but this is exactly what Henderson ha« dona. It was necessary for him to file through two ban of the cell in which he was placed before he eonld escape. lie had got about a quarter part through one when his attempt was dis covered, and a stop pat, of coarse, to his farther operations. Some one, who it is quite unknown, had supplied him with files, a lamp, and some black putty to facilitate his operation*. If be had broken out of the cell, he could not have snruionxiUd the outer wall, unless there wii come one in waiting to assist him. As it is, the only effect of his audacious effort will be to snsipen the wits of the prison authorities, and to block the way for the ooniumnution of his purpose in the future. Toe case against tte Ferret conspirators is in the hands of Inspector Seeretan and Detective Maokay. How Dr Teague comes into such compwy I cannot teH, but the detectives made a domi ciliary visit to this gentleman for tlie parpose, it is allegeft, of getting possession of tte marriage certificate of the lady who is knoroas Mrs. Henderson. Dr. Teague, it seems, was this lady's medical adviser, and it was supposed for some reason that tbe certificate in question had beett banded over to his care. Ie transpired, however, that the desiderated certificate had no reference to the prisoner Henderson, bat to a marriage which is said to have taken place be tween the lady and Mr. Merle, a business man in Liverpool. The Hon. John Woods is in danger of having bis ncse put out of joint as an inventive genius. An engineer of the name of M,-iiig,n has been desirous fcr a good while past of testing what he calls an eleotrio railway brake on the Vio torian railway lines. His object was of caurse fnutrated so long as Mr. Wood* was in power, but now that Mr. Patterson has sneoeeded to the railways, Mr. Milligan is to be allowed the use of some carriages for the purpose of testing the efficiency of h'* invention. The principle of the brake is said to be extremely simple, both in constructionaud application, but the practical utility of it can of course only be determined by t lziaL Xhe banting interest o[ the colonies appears to have made a great advance of late. The in crease in the note circulation of the year is not much short of half a million, wbile the increase of deposits for the sear is nearly six millions and a half. During tbe last qaartar the Unease in both these items has been very great. Toe causes of this accelerated prosperity ware supposed to he realisations from oiituually large natural products, the influx of British capital through the borrowing operations of onr Govern ments, and tbe introdaotion of fresh capital by the mortgage companies. It is to bs noted that of tbe increase in question, more i* abown in Victoria than in ail the otter colonies pat together. Tbe Bajmond experiment for destroying rabbits by poisoning with phosphxas proceeie in a very saiiafaetory mnimwr. Accounts from the Western district show that bonny prefers phossborisEd oats even to young grass. la one tn.^nw^ two men secured 400 skins in one day by the use of less than a pound of phosphorus, and f torn one district the rare and singular com plaint cornea that the selectors cannot find cnf?cisnt rabbits on which to feed themselves and their dogs. This is very good news indeed so far as it holds. The repairs of the Socata have so far pro gressed that it is definitely decided she saall leave ike dock oa the 20th inst. Taa tJtal expenditure on the vessel from the time she struck on tbe rocks to the time cf leaving the dock is estimated at £50,000, of which sum £IXOO has been pud in wages alone. The manner ia which the work has been carried oa; gives every satisfaction, acd is reported to be highly creditable to the contractors. The latest news besting upon the Reform Bill is that a caucus of Ministerial supporter* is to be held previous to the commenaemaat o£ parliamentary business next week to decide on the course to be adopted in dealing with tbe Reform Bill. The Chief Sesre tery regards the measure as lost, bat several cf hie supporters are at variance with him on that pcint They thick that having daae their beit they are bound in the interests of the country io accept the Bill as containing tha I utmost concenions that can be obtained from the Council by constitutional means. Toe Op position members are not satisfied either with the Council's Bill in every particular, bat with the exception of an immaterial point or two, which it is anticipated the Council would not object to the elimination of, they an prepared to (support the Bill when it shall be returned to the Lover House. Mr. Berry is personally op posed to a difSolutdo?, because ho contends that it would practically be a dissolution of eha Assembly by tbe Council. We may possibly therefore yet see some aoooaunodatian by which the Beform Bill may become the law of tha laud. 