THE ROMAN CATHOLIC DOCTRINE ON BAPTISM. TO THE EDITOR OF THE ARGUS. Sir,-In your issue of to-day tho Rev. Mr. M'Eachran is reported to have said at the monthly meeting of the Melbourne Presby- tery, "that the statements of the West- minster Confession were in general designed to shut out error. The Church of Rome taught that all unbaptized children dying in infancy perished. " I beg leave to call his attention, through your columns, to the enclosed extract, taken from "Fander's Catechism," page 252, a well known Roman Catholic work, having the approbation of many bishops, and intended expressly for catechists and school teachers. Mr M'Eachran also said that the West, minster Confession was not inspired. I heartily agree with him.-I am, &c; , ' " WILLIAM HENRY QUIRK. The Catholic Presbytery, St. Mary's, St. Kilda Sept 7. The following is the extract referred to - "3 Why is baptism the most necessary sacrament? Because without baptism no one can be saved ' un less a man be born again of water and the Holy Ghost, eo cannot enter into the Kingdom of God (Johniii 5) God has not revealed to us what becomes of those children who die without baptism All we know is that they are not admitted to enjoy the sight of God nor are punished like those who have sinned of their own free will. However, it is to be supposed that life is also to them a beneflt of God" In the eastern part of the Gulf of Mexico tho occurrence of poisoned patchea of water lins been from time to time witnessed In 1844 a widespread destruction of all sorts of marine life was noticed Again, in 18j1. the fiBbes along the southern shore died m quantities In 1878, there wob once again an exceBBive mortality, while the visitation of 1880 wob more marked, perhaps, because it waa more noted The districts where this strange phenomenon occur are noted for tho production of both fisheB and sponges In 1878 tho profitable sponge grounds lying off tbe coast ob far north as Cedar Keya wero ruined, the whole eponge masses, young and old, dying and turning black, while the destruction of othor forms of marine life, such ob ground fishes, sea anemones, andmolluscs, waa immenso 