AN OLD GEORGIA SERMON A S. A Ba.rsr GIvEs His Or0l os Anorr Paes BrTERIAN.-BACKwooMD PR~EACHi IRand Wrr.-PUsEnD FotR A PRATERc. A Iad orespo ndent of the Indrpedet giesa sketch of a sermon she heardid Geor-• gia nearly half a century ago, fromihich we; give an extract: The preacher was apparently bsot 0i years of age, large, muscular and well;ro portioned. On entering.ths pulpit, he' tolo off his coat and hung it on anail behind hini then opened his collar and. wristbands, and; wiped the perspiration from. his neck.and hands. :'He.was clad in striped cotton home spun, and his shirt was of the same material. tHe had travelled several miles that morning, and seemed almost overcome by the heat. But' the brethreii sang a 'couple of hymns while he was fanning and cooing; off, and when he. rose he looked. comfortable and good- natured. .He had preached therd once ortwice before, but to most of.the audience he was a stranger. Hence, he.thought it nece ry to announce himslf,' ihsch he did-as "Old Club-ax Davis firom Scrivei couity, a Half-hard' and Haill softahell Iaptist. . ." I have ggven myself that name," saidhe, ' becase Ibelieve the Lord elected me from all eternity to go ahead in the backwoods and grub oat a path and blaze the ay, for other men to follow. After the thickest of itis cut aw ay, a good iarm Methodist biother wrill come along. and inke my'. bi-ail .ind make things, a little .'smoother. ait a, good deal noisier. "And, after, all .`theo.underbrsh., is clered; out, and the owls aid wolves are skeered liack, and' the rattlesnakes ii. killed ot1, a Presbyteriaii biother. 'in. hlak'lbioad. cloth and"bwhite Cravesill 'dsad- odld ;e- and cryd for decency and oildc" Andhhy both do good' ii their apere. I don't despisie a larnt man, even when he don't dress and -think as I-do.-- You couldn't'paye enough to wear broadcloth summer nor winter, and you couldn't pay a Presbyterian brother enongh to go without it in dog day " God didn't make us all, 'it- broth. ren, bet every tssn ias hhis .ceing When God has?a plaeSll, He : Ig and pts himn in it. When he Leeral a, e oot made` ;- anil ghtin' and when Ie wanted Old Clu vas, ie made him'and set hi-to-gr e n the backwoods. " " But my shell isn't so hard but I can see good points in everybody; and as for the 'resbyterians, they are a long says ahead of us Baptists and Methodists in some things. They raise their children better than any people on the face of the earth. Only a few days ago a Methodist class- leader said to me : lrother Club-ax, I was born a Methodist, I was raised a Method?st and by the grace of God I hope to die a Methodist; but, thank God, I've got a Presbyterian wife to raise my children. And I believe, 'my brethren, if the Lord should open ithe way for me to marry again, I'd try my beist to find a Presbyterian woman, and run my chances of breakin' her into the saving doctrinea of feet washin' and immersion afterwards.'; Just at this point he was interrupted by two spotted hounds that had been continually running up and down the pulpit stairs. One of them jumped upon the seat and began to 'gnaw his coattails, in which was something he had brought along for lunch. He turned slowly around, and took him by the ears and tail and threw him out of the window behind him, as easily as if it had been a young kitten. The other took warning and got nut:as rapid ly as possible, though not without howling and yelling as if it had been half-killed. He then turned to the audience, and said, half smilingly : St. Paul exhorted the.brethren to beware of dogs:"'I woidke what hew r.ould do if he were in my place thisn iiormin gIt ap ears like I mai compasul'sabodtwitli dogs,' as David iid.h be was." ''' , He :had "scarcely cbmmhsenred, "preahinh again before there was. a"?terible squealing and'kicking among the male' aindihoiea thit were tied to the triees close by. H e put hi head odt of the wtind'owand ai"d:ENo harm doie,i my brethren: Jiist ?icretureritli a'side:-addle on has'broke looke. : illsoime brother head the animal! for nio aistel'cai walk home this hot day."" , : ."Quiet being restored, he continuied:-_- . " Well, my brethren, I will now try to' ay what t:illowed about thq Presiytrian"s." "As I said before, they raise their childre a.heap better than we'do,, They liehl?aie better in' church, and ktep' Sunday better, and riad the Bible and learn the.Catechism' better than'ours do. 'I declare, my brethren, their"children are' larnt that Westminster Catechism iy thie time they can begin to talk plain. SIta in't'three weeks since I was out cat-' tle:huntin'- for two of my yerlin's had o j l off; and I stepped in at old Brother brethren, Sister IIarer I aT h ° n tr: a standin' right before her, with toes just even with the crack o' the floor, and her hands was a hagingin down by her side, and mouth turned up like a chicken when it drinks, and she was a putting this question to her out o' that Catechism: "'What 'are the benefits which in this life do either accompany or flow from justi fication, adoption and sanctification!' "Now, the question itself was enough to break the child down. But'when she had to begin and say that question all over (for that's the way it was in the book) and then hitch the answer to it, and which all put together made this :-' The benefits which in this life do either accompany or flow from justification, adoption andl antification are p~ace of conscience, joy in the Holy Ghost, increase of grace, and perseveraueo therein to the end'-I thought the child was the greatest wonder I'd ever seen in my life. Site tuck it right through, too, without I lkin' or missin the first work. And she I spoke so sweet and she looked so like a little angel that before I knew it the tears was a runnin' down by cheeks as big as buckshot. I've seen the day when I could have mauled andil split a thousan' rails quicker and easier then I could have larnt that thing and said Sit off like she did. "Now,u my brethren, that child didn't us. derstand or know the measiin of one word o' that.. It pot me up to.all I knew to take it in myselff t'just let that Presbyterian youngon grow up, and every word of that Catechism will come back to her, and her character will stiffen up under it, and she'll have the backbone of the matter in her for "Now I can't put things nto my chjldrn ;tathrayl Notliin' dd, 't tj loylw.i It's like drivin' a nail into a rottoenlog.'L .... -rhe?last irmrk -Inever-forgotr"'For"30' years afterward, as I would stand at the blacklbord trying to fix iules and' rinciples in the mind of a dltl pupil; this remark would come back -to me with its peculiar pertinency.: : , . . ... . . - "I tell you,my brethren," he continued, "if our children had a little more catechism, and the Presbyterians a little less, it would beetter for both.,.... "Then we don't pray in our families.like they do. Iknow. their prayers are mighty long, and they pray. all over. creation ;.but, after all, it'sthe, right .way., It's better than prayin' too little... mo : t.: . a, g: o "Now, my- father, andmother,was good aptist , and. raised their :childrena to be honesand indinifi~aitn; lixti never lfeered' one of them pray in my life, and I was most a grown man before I ever prayed a prayer myself, and it was on this wise-: . . "There was to be a big; meetin' over in Elbert county, and I knowed a pretty girl over thar that I wanted to go and see.., So I borrowed a little Jersey wagon, which was a stylish thing in them days, and went over to her,house and stayed.all night, and engaged her to, ride ;to meetin' with me next "day, which was Sunday.. . •' We went and had,~.a glorious tinie-and Ismay as; elltay right here that sha was afterward'my wife-but a-comin' home I met with a powerful accident that I've never got over to this day. As I was a-comin' down a steep hill, someo part of, the gearin' give wae and let me and the waggin on my cretur s heelst; and bein'hyoung.andskeery, and not much used to. wheels, '.she wriggled and kicked and tore from one side of the. road to the other, till I :was pitched; head foremost as much as ten?fect into a deep gully, and it's a miracle of mercy that my neck wasn't broken on the spot. ?Erxpectin' to be killed. every minute, I thought I ought to ask the Lord for mercy. But as I hads never prayed in all my life, I couldn't think of the, first thing to say but the blessin' my father used to ask before eatin' when we had company, and ,which'ias this i-'Lord, make us thankful.for what we're about to receive.' "'Now, niy brethren, do you. s'pose 'any' Presbyterian'raised boy was ever put to such a strait as that for a prayer,. No.. He would have prayed for himself aid. gone off after the Jews and the heathens, .whilst was 1-huntin' 'and a gettin' off that blessin'.': 