ALBANY. [FROM OUR OWN CORRESrONDiNT.] IGth May. H.M.S. Bacchante arrivod here at 3 o'clock yesterday afternoon with her rudder disabled, This is the vessel in which the Royal Princesi Albert Victor and George of Wales, aro serving as midshipmen. She reports that the squadron left the Cape of Good Hope on the 9th April, and that fair weather was experienced until the lltk inBtant. On the morning o£ the 12th a sea struck the ship, carrying away the port lifeboat, and about midday a heavy sea broke aboard the vessel. It was immediately noticed that she had broached to, and the rudder was found powerless to make her pay off. Steam was got up as soon as possiblo, and a course waB shaped for Albany, temporary steering gear being rigged by means of some spare spars. Tho accident occurred in 40° south-latitude and 120° east longitude. Tho disabled rudder will be examined to-day, and the necessary repairs effected. The squadron was last seen by the Bacchante on the evening of the 11th instant ; but the whole of tho vessels are to rendezvous ten miles south of Cape Otway on the 19 th instant. We take from the Australasia* the following condensation of the report of the committee appointed to inquire into the circumstances con« nected with the fatal torpedo explosion at Mel- bourne. Our readers will remember that Mr Berry has dissented from that portion of the report which imputes blame to Captain Mande- ville :-"Reasons are given at length for arriv- ing at the conclusion that the torpedo was fired by electricity, a current beiug created by the faulty arrangements of the Naval Torpedo Corps. A number of blundera and improprieties are quoted in support of the opinion ' that the Naval Torpedo Corps have not evinced adequate skill and judgment in carrying out these opera- tions, and that a want of training and prac- tical knowledge throughout is apparent ' The board ' consider it a matter for regret that both Captain Mandeville and Lieutenant Collins should have left the Cerberus while such an ope- ration aa firing the first large submerged mine £.-om the ship was pending-an operation which, even if conducted with strict order and formality, and tha most scrupulous care in every detail, still entsUed a certain amount of risk on those imme- diately concerned with it, and therefore, accord- ing to all usage of both naval nud military ser- vice, imperatively demanded the presence and supervision of every officer.' Also 'from the laxity which evidently marked the whole pro- ceedings relating to torpedoes, the board feel compelled to say that the voyage of the Cerberus to Queenscliff on the 4th and 5th of March, 1881, resembled more a voyage for pleasure than one for the purpose of improv- ing the defences of the colony.' The exact words of the final fiadiug are-'The board express their regret that they aro unable to discover with certainty the exact cause which led to the ex- plosion of the torpedo. They aro i.cvertheless unanimous in the opinion that the- .linster was brought about byan electric euri eut in some unexplained manner. Both the evidence and the investigations of the board suggest Eeveral ways in which, through the wrong practice or tho injudicious mode of procedure of the Naval Torpedo Corps, it was possible that such a cur rent might have been conveyed.' Tho report is signed by Joseph Bosiato (chairman), Rob. L. J. Ellery, Samuel W. M'Gowan, J. Cosmo New- bery, James Phelan. 5th May, 1SS1." TBE foUr-ffing telegram has been received by . Und«v Colonial Secretary from Warden genry, dated Clermont, 14th May :-" Popula- ba Nebo field, 400 ¡ 69oz. nuggot found this k and men working on Oakey Creek still i jug well, but tho workings are Btill coufiued to that locality. There are rumours that Heeuan, the original finder of the field, is on gold else w¡,ero ; also, that some men are on gold up Nebo Creek. The reports are at present not cou firmed." R¿IS had fallen at several statious both along the coast and in the western districts during the twenty-four boura ended nt 9 o'clock yesterday morning. St. Lawrence, Mackay, Cape Bowling Green, and Cooktown were among the coast suttons reporting ruin, whilst in the interior were goma with O'SOin. ; St. Geoige, the same ; Goon- diwindi, showery ; Charleville, 0'S2in. ; Mitchell Downs showery ; Cunnamulla, l'OOin., and Nive 0 72in. Other stations iu most coses reported (¡no weather, b'lt it has teen very cloudy and thriateuing in Brisbane. Sydnoy reported light rain and smooth sea yesterday morning, Mel- bourne northerly wind and cloudy sky, and Ado laide north-east, fine. Ia the afternoon it was showery at Bowen, Cardwell, Dalrymple, and at Mitchell Downs. Many other stations reported cloudy skie?, but it was not raining. The sea in the morning ivis smooth at South Passage and Capo Capricorn, and moderate at Inskip Poiut. The windB on the coaat varied from south-west to south-east and east-south-east. AT the opening of the Supreme Court yester- day morning, Mr. George Grimes, who had been summoned as a juror, claimed exemption on the ground that he was chairman of a Divisioual Board. The presiding Judge (Mr. Justice Pring), niter looking into the matter, Baid he did not think Mr. GriineB was entitled to be exempted. The second section of the Jury Act exempted mayors, aldermen, councillors, and other oflicera of any municipal corporation ; and na tho Divisional Boards Act conte j plated divisions being created municipalities, it waa clear that divisions did not stand on the same footing as municipalities, Whenever the board of which Mr, Grimes was chairman became a municipality under the Local Government Act he could claim exemption from serving aa a juryman. The Civil Sittings of the Supremo Court com- menced beforo bia honour Mr. Justice Pring yes- terday morning. The first case taken was that of Robert Ross v. Pinkney Wormwell, which is on action for malicious prosecution, damages being laid at £1000. The plaintiff waa some time ago, at the instauce of the defendant, arreated on a chaige o£ having forged a promis- sory-note for £50, purporting to have been drawn by Wormwell in Ross's favour. After being in gnol for some time he was committed for trial, but no bill waa found against him, and he was discharged. The plaintiff seeks to show that the note in question was genuino, and the prosecu- tion waa malicious. Tho defendant denies that the prosecution was malicious, and alleges that be had good and reasonable grounds at the timo for believing that the plaintiff was guilty of the charge brought against him. Tho case had not concluded when the court adjourned. There was a fair attendance at the Town Hall last night, nud the performance was certaiuly one jf the most amusing which tho Minstrels havo mtroduced here. Mr. Beaumont Read sang in his usual pleasing style, and received an encoró. Miss Glendinning rendered two ballads with ;ood taste, and in tho exprossivo air, " The beat- ing of my own heart," ahe was very successful, re- ceiving a decided encore. Tho comic element was very strong during the evening, "Tho Bloodless Duel" being a very laughable piece. Tho concluding farco of "Thornp Eon'a Dead," in which a very substan- tial ghost figures, created roars of laughton To.night the best part of the performance will be an " (attraction '' o£ " Pinafore," in which the characteia of the original opera sustain au extraordinary transformation. Sir Joseph Puller becomes Sir Joe Ualf-aml Half, who will be represented by Mr. Pent ; Ralph Rackslraw is changed iuto Ralph Haystack, who will be im- personated by Mr. B. Read ; Little Buttercup bo comes Little Buttertub, the part being token by billy Sweatnam ; whilst Josephine will bo repre- sented by Miss Glendinning. Tlje beat part of the music will bo presented, the chorus is in- creased, and fresh Ecenery has been made for the play. This burlesque had a long run in America, and the performance is said to bo for the first time in Australia. i The drama of the " Will and theiWny" waa produced for the third time last nig- Et at tho Iheatre Royal, and was again very favourably ro. ceived, the last act being watched withÄJräat in tîrest. Mr. Hall's old Mm tin, espeefiR lu the f^a] scene?, was a really interesting'and'^icjiing representation of the poor imbecile. Sàm'Poolo was very amusing as Joe Beans, and Mias Lillie Marsh was haughty and dignified, or full of affec- tion, as tho character of Ellen de Vere requires her to be. To-night there ia a complete change of programme. Two plays will be presented, and Mr. Hall will take the character of Old Gulls in " Old Sailors," and of Timothy Toodles in an amusing comedy. On Thursday evening a benefit will be given to Mr. J. L. Hall, when no doubt a bumper house will show their appreciation of this clever actor. The approach of the Queen's Birthday is already briugiug out announcements of projected pleasure arrangements. The Ipswich íb adver- tised to make a trip to Redcliffe Poiut on that day. Tee Gympie Miner, commenting on a tabu- lated statement of the amount of gold sent by escort from the field since it was opened, Bays : " The 19,335oz. 3dwt. 13gr. of gold for the pre- sen', year up to the 5 th of April shows a higher average than for any yearBince 1869. This isvery cheering, and Bpeaks well for our progress at the present time." At the Potty Debts Court yesterday morning, before the police-magistrate and Messrs. J. H. Fitzgibbon and C. Spry, JJ.P., verdicts were given for the plaintiffs, with costs, in the cose of J. DufSn v. J. Luya, claim 10s., cab hire, in which Mr, H. Smith appeared in defence ; and m tha case of C. H. Tullett v. R. C. Thornton, claim 15s., goods sold. In the afternoon, before Mr. W. H. Day, assistant police-magistrate, and Messrs. J. Potts and R. Bulcock, ia the defended caae of David Love v. Henry Holmes, claim £25, money due, Mr. Bruce appeared for the plain- tiff and Mr. Thynne appeared in defence. Thi« action was brought for the recovery of £25, the price of a buggy horae sold by plaintiff to defen- dant, the horse when sold being warranted Rood and quiet in saddle or harness. The defendant, after trying the horse in a Bpring cart, refused to I complete the contract, and tendered the horas | first to the plaintiff, and then to the owner ; they refused to accept it, and notice was given them by tho defendant that the horse would be kept at their risk. The defence entered was that th« defendant was never indebted, that de- fendant was induced to make the alleged contract »J the dtatement of tha plaintiff that the horse wa3 of a certain character which was not borne out by the trial, and that within a reasonable time the defeadant gave the plaintiff notice of his repudiation of the contract. Several wit- nesses were heard on each side ; and after hear mg argument on both sides, the bench eventually nonsuited the plaintiff, granting costa amounting to j£3 12s, Is the matter of lost property the Railway Department is passably honest. Anything you may leave in the train is not considered one of the perquisites of the officials, but is stored iu a lost property office, and advertised at the end of six months, whon, if not claimed, it is sold. Looking through the list iu the Gazette to seo if I could distinguish an umbrella with "Endy- mion" set iu biilliauts on an ivory handle, I am much struck with the very multifarious character of tho luggage people allow to eäcape their memory in the bustle of arrival. The hats, coats umbrellas, walking-sticks, bandboxes, &c;, do not surprise mo j and I can understand that a gen- tleman, travelling with either "a soldering iron," " a shovel," or " a saw," might be as oblivious of these implementa as I was of my umbrella. But there is a certain sort of property which I should have thought .would have imni eased the traveller in charge with so distiuct a sense of respon- sibility as to have oppressed him throughout the journey too absolutely to allow him to forget it, nud I am inclined to think that the individual who lett " 2 buggy shafts" in the train, and ho who ueglected to take off with him his " 1 bale hay," are unfit to be at large. It seems rather unnecessary for the department to advertiao for the owner of "1 empty keg." Depend upou it that travellor-a whisky-loving Scotchman probably-started with it full, and concluded that the preservation of the worthless tonement when the glorious spirit had fled would be a foolish imitation of the Egyptian em balmers. This is the one article the officials may safely conclude was a voluntary donation to the department.-Endymion. The following is tho report of the Benevolent Asylum at Dunwich for tho week ending 7th May :-lu tho institution nt last report, 230 males aud 36 females ; since admitted, 9 males ; discharged, 2 males ; remaining in the asylum, 243 males and 30 females. The supei intendent begs to acknowledge with thanks tho receipt, for the use of the inmates of the asylum, of nine volumes of various works in embossed priut from the Rev. Thomas Leitch, of Brisbane, and also of three" parcela of books, magazines, nnd news- papers, from W. Finucane, Esq., of Cleveland. The Mackay Standard is complaining of the want o£ white labour, particularly o£ skilled labourers aud men with a little capital to under- take contracts. It says :-"The question of white labour for plantation and other work ia one which will have to be considered by em- ployers. Tho Divisional Board aro unable to got tenders for their works owing to tho scarcity of men, and the council and private persons lind themselves in the same difficulties. It is to bu hoped that the diggings, which have drained tho district of bo uiuoh labour, will continue to be succeasful, othe wiso it will causo great incon veuieuce and possibly distress. Euiployors of labour aro compelled to supply their needs fiom the south, and Mackay at prosent ollera good in- ducements to those wanting employment. A fow men capablo of undertaking road contracts would do well hero just now." The Victorian lanikiu dovelopes occasionally a Eort of wild beast ferocity which suggests a possibility of oven greater danger from this pro- duct of Australian civilisation thau any as yot experienced. Tho following paragiaph from tho Melbourne Agc illustrates ourmeauiug :-" Four larrikins, John M'Halo, Isaac Bitton, James Wnllace, and Thoa. Finnegan, were charged at tho City Court yesterday with insulting beha- viour and assaulting tho police The prisoners took possession of the Colonial Hotel, situated in Little Bourke- street, mid created a great dis- turbance. Tho landlord appeared powerless, and the roughs did as they pleased in tho place, and iusultoil passers by. Constables M'Hugh, Ingles, and Middlewitch ondeavoured to eject them, but they showed fight, and it waa not until senior-constable O'Mcara and constables Coghlan and Bell arrived on the scene that thoy were taken into custody. Evon nftor this they fought desperately, but wore overpowered hy- the mombera of the police force." The Auckland Weekly News ,'conlaina the following telegrams from Christchurch ;-"There is a perfect epidemic of accidents and suicides just now. Tho papers this week havo consisted chiefly of a scries of fires, sudden deaths, suicides, serious accidents, &c.; In many in- stances intemperance is at the bottom of it. Nathan, who committed suicide at Tinutiu on Sunday last, left the following singular letter, which undoubtedly caused the verdict of in- sanity to bo returned :-' 1 person alono knows the reaBon of my voluntary death. I wish for what is impossible, yet without this impossi- bility I cannot bo happy, therefore I dio. So, ye wise men, bring in your verdict of insanity. I can't feel hurt at it. My pulse is at 75 ; I am quite cool, and feel in a hurry to get off. I am, as íogards religious beliof, a believer neither in a personal Deity nor a future state of existence.' Tho writing ' ono ' as a numeral wns cousiderod sufficiently suspicious." " A woman named Day, 53 years old, committed suicide to-day by takiug strychnine. Sho wns intemporate a> d fond of quarrelling with her husband, who was in tho house engaged cooking whon she swallowed the I poiBon." "Police-sergeant M'Mabon, of Coro- mandel, Bends the following :-' John Burke, a miner, committed suicido here about 10 o'clock this (Sunday) morning by discharging a rifle into his mouth, the ball passing through and coming out at tho back of his head. An inquest will be held to-morrow.' " The Executive Commissioner of tho Indian Court at the Melbourno Exhibition has forwarded to us a memorandum in reference to tho possi- bility of creating a trade in fruits between Australia and the East, He is of opinion that a. profitable trade might be induced, as in the northern partB of India the fruits grown in the temperate zone are in great demand. There is also a good markot in Ceylon. A trial shipment of apples and other fresh fruits has just been despatched by the mail steamer from Melbourne. The area under orchards is rapidly extending in Victoria, and it behoves our Southern neighbours to at once look abroad for a market to which they can send their fruit either in a dried or fresh Btate, the local consumption being now more than fully supplied. That fruit can bo sent to India and arrive in good marketable condition has been demonstrated by several successful experi- mental shipments to England. Whether a trade with India can be made profitable is more the crucial test that has to bo now determined. The fruits of most of the many plants that thrive with us in Queensland are not so likely to be in demand in India unless tbey can be supplied at a time of the year when they are naturally un- obtainable in that country, which doubtless is quite possible. But even then, they will not probably be Baleable, for the palate satiated with the peculiar and acquired aroma of tropical and semi-tropical fruits BcekB for a change in the more simple flavours of the temperate-grown apple, pear, cherry, grape, plum, and tho smaller berries, all of which by the aid of the refrigerator eau be landed quite fresh on Indian Boil. We have heard (says the TFcsimi Qraiicr) of men in former times going hundreds of miles to the diggings, with all their worldly belongings in a wheelbarrow, but this feat is eclipsed by the two men who left Bourke some time ago for Wilcannia in a canoe, scooped out of a redgum log, cn route for Mount Browne. Thoy have ar- rived safely here, but evidently intend to end their journey with their river voyage. The canoe ¡b about 16ft. long, 2ft. across at the centre, tapering 14in. at the Btern, with an in- side depth of 12in. There is a seat in the middlo for the paddler, and a narrower seat in the stern. The distance from Bourke to Wil- cannia by the river is 690 miles, allowing three miles to one on the road, The discomforts to be encountered in going so long a journey in a float- ing coffin of this kind shows what people are willing to enduro in pursuit of the "yellow dross." The canoe draws 5in., and tho voyagers report they had difficulty in crossing Borne of the bars in the river, tho water being very low. They got stuck on the same bar the barge of the Princesa is Etuck on, and only passed with diffi- culty, the canoe touching the bottom for a dis- tance of 20ft. The voyage occupied about thir- teen days. The Boorook correspondent of the Mail sends the following interesting news :-" Important news has arrived here with reference to the Boorook reef. Some time ago Messrs. Horton and Co. sent somo parcels of ore from tho Golden Age claim to England for assay, the treatment of which had puzzled them greatly. A return lins now been received from England, which gives tho following particulars :-iöowt. realised £91 13s.; 9cwt. £8 6s. 2d.; and 20cwt., £56. I understand a further quantity of stone is to be sent to England for treatment, but it is a pity it cannot be trented on the Bpot. Tho intelligence has created some stir nt the field, and several claims have» beou jumped in conse- quence." TllE Beechworth correspondent of the Agc reports that at tho assizes on Monday, before Mr. Justice Stephen, Aun Jones was charged with receiving, harbouring, and maintaining outlaws at Glenrowan on the 27th Juno last. Mr. Jeio tniah Dwyer appeared for tho defence. Mr. Chomley, tho Crown Piosectitor, stated the charges ngainst the prisoner. Ho believed buo had not acted from motives of romance, sym- pathy, or lovo for Kelly or his companions, but had committed an illegal act for the sake of glin. Constable M'lutyre, the first witness called, re- capitulated tho circumstances of the Stringy- bark tragedy in 1S78. The evidence of lloar dou and Sullivan, line-repairers at Glenrowan, was token with reference to the breaking of the lino and tho subsequent action of Mrs. Jones iu inviting the outlaws to her house, and while there entertaining them and assisting them in keeping strict watch over tho civilians who, to the number of sixty-four, had been made prisoners ; and also to conversations which she had with mem'iora of the gang nfter her boy was shot. She said to the outlaws, " You cowardly vagnbonds, go out and fight, as you promised to do." Sullivan stated that cither MrB. or Miss Joues had put out the lights in the room on the arrival of the police, and Mrs. Jones had thrown a bucket of water upon the fire. Several other witnesses who were in the inn with the other prisoners were examined. Detective Ward proved that the hotel wns n respectable place, and tho prisoner had spoken kindly of the police, and promised witness to assist them as fnr as lay in her power to capture tho outlaws. Mr. Dwyer, in n lengthy speech, addressed the jury for the defence, but called no witnesses. His honour summed up favourably towards the prisuiier. Tho jury, after n brief retirement, brought in n verdict of not guilty, and the accused was discharged fiom custody. THE ondeavours now being made to clear away all obstructions to the navigation of the entrance to Port Phillip Buy (the Argus s,iys) have been very successful. The Lightniug Hock has been blasted away to a dopth of 30ft. below low water, and tho rock known as No. 2 rock, about 50 yarda distant from it, baa been cleared to a depth of 32ft. below low water. On Friday last two dynamite charges of 2001b. and 1501b. respectively, were exploded on this rock, with tho result of clearing it to the depth stated. The draggiug of the Government steamer Vic- toria with a sunken beam has resulted in the discovery of another rock, hitheito unknown, at n difatanco of about COO yards from the Lightning Hock, and this rock is the uoxt to be dealt with. The operations are to bo continued uutil the whole of tho entrance to the bay has huon thoroughly cleared from obstructions. The Western Grazier contains the following : " Miss Reid, of Adelong, passed through Wil- cannia one day last week. It may not be gene- rally known that this young lady is one of the most expert teamsters on the road. In passing though here she was on a return trip from Mount Browne diggings, whither she had conveyed a party of forty diggers from Adelong. Shoeap- peared to have an equal complement of passen- gers back with her. Her team consists of a waggon and seven sturdy horses, which she manages with consummate skill. Sitting on the front of the waggon she manipulates the 'ribbons' so deftly, and has the animals under such control, that a hitch seldom occurs during her long journeys. Her quiet, good, ladylike management fully demonstrates the fallacy of the bushman's theory, that a team cannot be got out of the deep ruts and over steep-banked gullies without the use of the choice vocabulary so dearly cherished by the professional bullockdriver. In her peregrinations Miss Reid has met with many pleasing incidents. On one occasion she happened to drive up to a couutry hotel where Sir Hercules Robinson was at the time staying. It was too un- common and pleasing a sight for the urbane gallant knight to pass unnoticed. His excellency bestowed a high encomium on the young lady's ability and her powerful well-kept turnout. Miss Reid has been on the road for several years. She is a young lady, seemingly about 19 years of age, with pleasing countenance and active well-pro- portioned figure." The following paragraph from tho S. M. Herald refers to the existence of abuses which we hoped had ceased to exist since tho bad old days wbin lunatics were treated na criminals of the deepest dye :-Wo lately referred to certain «buses connected with the management of the lunatic asylum at Wellington, N.Z, and men- tioned the fact that Mr. Whitelaw, tho lato Fuperintendent of tho institution, had been arrested on a charge of having ill-treated n patient. Tho proceedings against Whitelaw are tho ícsult of au inquiry by a Royal Comuiitaion ; and tho ropoit of tho commission is a document of considerable interest. Of Whitelaw it may now bo stated that he has been committed for trial. It appears that the unfortunate man who was tho victim of his cruolty was taken out of bed at night ia winter, stripped, taken across an exposed yard, and then, in a confined shower bath, subjected to a continuous stream of wator for ten miuuteB from a rose 10ft. or 12ft. above the bath, until on the door being oponed, he staggered out into the arms of the attendant, who stood by while the superintendent handled the tap. As showing how the superintendent's example had affected the couduct of his eubor dinates, it is mentioned that a patient was found with a contused face, and blood in one ear, caused by a blow from an attendant's fist, for which the attendant was simply reprimanded Viv tho inspector. Of another patient it is reporte 1 that he was confined in ¡i strait-jacket day and night for seven mouths, with tho excep- tion of a few days. At last, stumbling in a brick-paved yard, and falling without power to save himself, he fractured his collar-bone ; and the jacket having been necessarily re- moved, he had Bhown noither violence nor destructive tendencies. It seems strange that tho commissioners should havo been able to re- port thus of an institution where such methods have been adopted-" Corridors have been taste- fully embellished by pictures, fernB, and flowers, and the day-rooms supplied with books and illustrated periodicals to divert the patients' attention. For the mon two billiard-rooms are provided ; for the women a croquet-lawn and conservatory. Country walks aro taken, con- certs and theatrical entertainments from time to time ure given, and Divine service is held regularly onco a week." The explanation, however, appears to be that there are front wardB and back wards. Tho former present the bright sido, the latter the black. " For the orderly and quiet, restraint has been made as easy as the circumstances of the case will admit. For those suffering from acute mania, and who do'not yield readily to discipline, this asylum is a prison house furnished with every appliance for punishment." Changes from one Bet of surroundings to the other were uot in- frequent. " A hasty word or act might call forth the fiat of the superintendent, and a lunatic was punished for b's lunacy." And while thi3 was the case the superintendent was totally iuexperi enced iu the management of lunatics, and suffer- ing from a continual constitutional infirmity of temper. The dead meat imports into England in February last show a great increase on thoEe for the same month in any previous year, the quantity having been, according to the Board of Trado returnB, l,523,686cwt., of the value of £3,453,419. During the same month 573,857cwt. of butter and cheese was imported, the value being stated at £2,522,595. The declared value of butter ia givon at a fraction under 11 id. per lb. It will scarcely be credited here that out of the above three and a-balf millions £2,'453,511 went for hogs' fleBh, either as fresh pork or in the form of hams and bacon. 