QfJJEENSI^AKl): Friday. September 2. ~ Wy bert Reeve and Annie Mayor had a great success in "George Gcith" and " The TTncle*<r Will" last night. t In the Assembly last nipht, the Premier, Im' reply to Mr. Griffith, said the Government had. had two propositions to make railways under thar land grant scheme-one from a London company to construct a railway to the Gulf of Carpentaria» and the other from a Victorian company for a lina from Charleville to the New South Wales border-r-; but he could not say whether they would be put before Parliament this session or not. Mr. Griffith complained of the unsatisfactory replies usually given by the Government to his queries. The Legal Practitioners Bill passed through committee. The Evidence in Summary Convict surer makes his financial statement on Tuesday, J lions Biil was read a second time. A meeting was held Inst night for the purpose)' of taking steps for a memorial to the late Bishop O'Quinn. There is a good demand for the immigrants by. tho Arthur3tone that bas just arrived. The weather ia fine again. A man named John M'Kean fell down the shaft of the True Blue Claim at Gympie, and is not expected to recover. . ... , . : ^ Andrew Threadgold, formerly Mayor of Cook town, died yesterday at South Brisbane. Saturday, September 9. " Mr. William Finucane, late of the Lands Office, has been gazetted chief clerk and accountant of. the Police Department, vice Barron. The new small-pox hospital ÍB Just completed^: A wardsman ia to be appointed at a meeting of: the central board. The health of the city .is nofcr good, there being a number of cases of bronchitis and rheumatism amongst adults and chicken-pox amongst children. The Colonial Secretary, así president of the boord, stated that in the event of smalt-pax breaking out in Brisbane there was no: intention of quarantining any medical practi tioner attending small- pox patienta. . At the Kine Association meeting last night, it was unanimously reso ved to send a team to Syd ney, and a committee was appointed to obtain tha necessary funds. The selection practices talca', place from September 19 to October 19. _C .*i Bishop O'Quinn's-will is published. He leaves' his personal property and. effects and library at his residence to his successor, to be handed dowa: to each bishop in succession, to be used for.charir,* table aud educatio al objects, excepting i n thé building of churches and support of clergymen*, The Bishops of Bathurst and Maitland are th« executors of the will. . ..i' Monday, September 5. v , , A pigeon match took place between the Brisbane and Rockhampton Gan Clubs for a pup, which, WES shot off last Saturday,- eaoh team; shooting on their own pround. The Brisbane team wan by &, points. ;. . . ?, < >, Professor Popper is doing a large business with] his ghost effects. . ? . ' The immigrants by the Arthurstone have gone* off very rapid y. The two Sunday sor vices in the theatre axe attracting large numbers. - ?????ü-.ú Weather fine and cold. ; , ; - r Tuesday, September 6. Scarlet fever has broken out at Bona. , ?» ^ A carrier named Toogood died at Rockhampton of mortification after the amputation of hie leg at. Withersfield, where he was run over, by his own^ dray. . . . .. " "' .-¡ii" A carrier named Henry Lea van got astray, near' Georgetown, and was found dead in tho bush by,; the police after a nine duys' search., It is believed be was insane. ' r . - , ¿.",rn , Tho schooner Hopeful, owned by Philp,..pf. Townsville, was'soiled off Mulgrave.fprnnalleg;ed;, breach of the Cedar Act, by toking in cedar with out entering a Queensland port. . The. skipper cleared Port Douglas for Guam, and went direct to Mulgrave The not profits of the recent show pf . th». National Association were ¿8560. . The woather is fine, with westerly winds. The comedy " Diplomacy" waa produced at the Theatre Royal last night with great success to a - full house. A Bpeoiai meeting was held yesterday of the munioipal council rc tho Fire Brigades Bill; tho aldermen were of opinion that tho firo brigade ~ should bo under the control of the council, and that a small rate should bo made towards support* , in g a paid brigade, tlio insurance companies andj Government.contributing tho romaiuder.: i, . , i À moating was, hold rc a memorial to Bishop . O'Quinn bast night; Mr. Macrossan was in the , cb air. It was unanimously agreed to erect-:. »J. memorial, and a committeo was. appointed .y> oatryitout. Several donations weiro nromiseo. a-. ¡i:-..: \ >..?.; , , Wednesday; September 7.! 1 ¡A telegram from Nive says that a kind ot meteor «xplóded there; to the southward, yesterday ,leav ingja^long white etreak of smoke, which was visible for 20 minutes, also something Uko a ball of smoke, whith. felL from the tail, and five minutes after it tell a noise like thunder was audible for some minutes. The Treasurer delivored his budget speech Eesterday. Ile stated tho ploasuro ho felt in aving a so much more satisfactory task than usual, as the receipts ia most cases exceeded his estimate, allowing him to commence tho year with, a surp'us. The restait of the year's trans actions in tho consolidated revenue has been to get rid . of a deficit, restore a satisfactory margin between ; the revenue nud expenditure, and pro vide a balance of .£27,007 to carry forward. Ile was sure the Customs would keep up the improve ment already shown. Much capital was coming into the colony. There WHS a great increase in the: Savings Bank accounts, which showed that. the labouring population are in a very prosperous condition. Tho Govern ment intended to raise the Agent- General's salary, to £1500, and tho executivo engineer and laccountant in London to £S00 per annum each; ¿E2000 is proposed as a reward to William Lands DOrough,forhisservicesase;cplorer. Withregardto the:objections raised rc forced land sales, ho de clares he has displayed cousiderab'o ujocleration, compared with his liberal predecessors. The new loan estimate-amounts to «£l,OS9,G0O, of which «£336,400 are for? railyrays, including £11,000 for a^träm way to'the Government wharves in Petrie's Bight, ; Brisbane,. £115,000 for harbours and rivers, including £25,000 for wharves and build íngs,a,t Port Alma, Keppel Bay, and £12,000 for ^9 j Por tV Cur tis jetty, £2500 for the Brisbane Bijery £8000 for tho Brisbane wator supply. ' I,;;-.,, , Thursday, September 8. , jin'jtjtje, Legislative Council, last night, Mr. Buzacott, ref erred, to an alleged unduly, severe Jenitencojof thrço, years passed on Phillip Brien in Marchrlast ;by Justice Harding, and .also referred tpjthe, recent challenging of a juror by that Judge as; quite unprecedented, and that he only desired tö reflect on the, judgment and not on the Judge's char&cteri; ¡¡.Hp said .there, wa?-., a. distrust of the pjçigc^eçtjngs.(in, ,'the;; Supreme; Court. Mr. More hqâ^said he regretted that Mr. Buzacott had-not bean rilled out of order, and ; so saved what he tnust-call. a painful exhibition.; If Mr. Buzacott b^elioved, all he said, his course was quite olear, namely, to move an address to the Governor pray Sig Judge Harding's removal fry m the bench. Mr. üzácott replied that a man might do most ridicu lous things andbèabietoquptostatutesinsuppprt, but ¡it was;,a wise .exeroise of, discretion, which itííóy were'entiüed to look for in the notions of the judges.' ;i , , . .In the Assembly the Liquor Retailers' Licensing Bill passed its second reading:, both sides approv ing.- .The clauses are ; very stringent, yet are generally acquiesced in by publicans.. 4, A; woman named; Eliza, Scivens endeavoured to drown herself ¡in ¡the river, yesterday affcemöonv A,num, namedi Tennant rescued her in a state; of ÜlSensibility. ¡ She is the mother of two. children; who Twjère;brought up, at the ,policç-court yesterday aa neglected children, and remanded, j, Tjx§ residents of Maryborough and Gayndah aro Petitioning for a railway to the latter place. - 3 AiTapplication for a rule, nisi, : before tho jfu.ll. court,,for .a reversal #f tho verdict in the case Myles v. ÍT/Il wraith, was refused. 