THE PRETTIEST LITTLE WOMAN IN THE WORLD. Yes, the prettiest woman in the world and the sweoteat ; but that's not her husband's grave, and she's not a widow. She goes to tend the flowers on that mound, because the man that lies underneath loved her ^and lost his life on her aoconnt. I'll tell you about it if£you like ; I knew them both all through.. Her name was Janet Garston, and she was the curate's daughter down in Combe- Beryl, a little village in Devonshire. They didn't have a vicar there, the placo w«b too Insignificant; and the curate used to ride over to Dltchley, five miles, after the morn ing service on Sundays, to take the afternoon duty there. But they had a trout stream — one of tbe best in the eountiy — and men used to find their way there for the fishing now and then. That W3B how Hugh Latimor and his ftiend came to Cpmbe-Beryl one summer, and made acquaintance with Mr. Garston and his daughter, as wae only natural they should do, seeing that there wasn't another oreature above the level of aj fisherman or a small farmer in the neighbourhood. - Hugh was ab bis grandest then — five and twenty, the moBt popular man in his aollego. a firat-rate oar and good oricketer, six foot two in his stookings, with Jan arm like a sledge-hammer, a face handsome enongh to turn nny woman's head, and such a frank, winning way with him, that I'd have deRed yoa not to like ghim if you tried. You should have heard htm sing, too. There were tv dozen of us at John's who^would have backed Hugh's tenor againBt Slm^Eeeves any day. I suppose I must add that there were two things against him, ono of which was the ocoaaion of his being down at Combe-Beryl. He wasn't over-prudent : used to play, you know, for rather high stakes, and — lose ; and when ho took a glass too muoh — as most men will at times— it got into his head. He had two or three glasses too much one night at. college, and there was a row afterwards, windows were smashed, and Hugh got a year's rustication just as he ought to have been going up for his degree. It was a great pity, lor he waa a brilliant f.llow and sure to have passed high ; besides, ib made his uncle, on wbom he was more or lees dependent, in no end of a rage ; but I don't think Hugh minded muoh even at the beginning, and still less after he had once met Jeanie Garaton. You call her pretty now; but then, ten years ago, she waa more like n daisy flower than a flesh-and-blood woman — a wee fair haired creature, with a blossom of a faoe set in-wavy curia, and hands and feet as small and delicate as a nine years' child — the only one her father had ever had, and motherless since. she waa a babe. He just doted on ber, as was natural, »nd wouldn't have thought the Prince of Wales too good to oome sueing for her hand; but then Hugh Latimer was better than - good many princeB, both to look at and talk to poor fellow 1 Anyhow, the two young men, he and his friend Ralph Burton, were constantly at the curate's cottage ; and as Ralph, who waa a i nil, betvy sort cf fellow, need generally to havo to talk to the boat, the other two got eaoh other's society pretty well to them selves, and wero wont to laugh and ung and ohatter toRether liko a . oouple of birds, except when Hugh was out in the covel .The man was a born sailor, and delighted in nothing so much as the sea at its roughest and wildest ; while poor Jeacle had a perfect ? horror of the troaohsroas ocoan, and wouldn't have gone for a pleasure trip on it with the gallantest companion in the world. Hugh used sometimes to go out with -the flahing boats of an evening, and then Jeanie would sit in her little garden overlooking the oove, pretending to darn the curate's sooks, but watching the lessening oraft with pale cheeks and anxious eyes, whioh not all Ralph Burton's efforts at cheering could bring baok to their normal brightness. He was not fond of the sea either, exospt when It waB fairly smooth and tho sun shining on it; so, though stioking like a leeoh to his friend at other times, he seldom accompanied him on these fishing trips. Some people said after wards that he stayed on ahore on purposo to undermine Hugh by making love to Jeanie in 1iIb place ; but at the time his friend never suspeoted auoh a thing for a moment, and it wouldn't have been much use anyhow. J eanle's heart went with the ono aboard the boat, and, if she had any liking for the other, it was because he admired Latimer as much as she did. Ralph Baw that pretty clearly for himself. There was ono drawbaok to these maritime oxcurslons. Latimer waa a great favourite with the fishermen. He used to give them money to drink, ana they made him drink with them* Perhaps their coarse, fiery b'audy had moro effeot on his head than on theirs ; but anyway, it waB the old story. More than once Hugh waa brought home too drunk to walk, and held on his legs by a couple of Bturdy fieher-lads. Once or twloe he never came home at all; and Ralph, going to look for him in the morning, found him sleeping off the effects of a night of rough festivity in one of the squalid cabins by the beaoh. It came out later that Mr. Garston saw him in that condition once ; and, though ho made no mention of it then, his manner towards tho young man altered from that day, and Hugh found it no longer easy to get Je-nie to himself. There was alwayB some, obstacle In the way : either the ourate sat down by them, and made a third, or he sent his daughter off on some pretext, and entertained her lover himseU. Jeanie didn't like it at all, and Hugh was furious. He ovey swore at Balph one evening, beoause, in consequence of these mancauvres, the latter had enjoyed quite a long tcte-ii-tSte with their bewitching; little hostess, and was, in his sluggish way— the dull fool didn't see how he bored the poor girl — somewhat eUted in conseqnenoe. ? Difficulties which ohill some people only braco others. Hugh, who might |havc con tentod himself by a mere flirtation with pretty Jeanie, fell desperately in love with her directly he found that difficulties were being put in his path, haunted her steps, sought every opportunity of meeting her, and finally got her alone and asked her to marry him. And Jeanie? Well, Jeanie blushed, trembled, and owned that Bhe did like him very muoh, very much Indeed; but papa — and then someone was heard coming, and she broke from him and fled away like a frightened bird. Hugh bad learnt what he wanted to know, however ; she loved him. And next day he wont to the curate and formally proposed to him for his daughter's hand. And Mr, Girston as formally refused him. Nay, more, he waa not even civil, but spoke out in strong language to the young fellow, accusing him of low, dissipated habits, and vowing that he would rather see his child dead at his side than married to a drunkard. It was all in vain that poor Hugh pleaded that he was no drunkard or debauchee either; that a little liquor kad more effect on his head than on most people's; and that, once married to Jeanie, he would refrain even from that. The enrate was as hard as adamant, and would have none of him. The old story of those gambling debts wss brought up ; and finally it appeared that Mr. Garston had already been in communi cation with old Lttimer, the uncle,' who had written him suoh a letter respecting his nephew's oharacter as would have justl&ed; any father in shotting his doors on him. High turned wellnigh blaok with fury when he heard it ; but getting into a rage did him no good. Mr. Garston simply bade him good-day at the first violent word, refused to let him eee Jeanie again, and bowed him to the door. The young fellow went home pretty well raving. He made one more effort, however. He sent Ealf to plead for him. Ealpb, who was as slow and steady as old Time, was a favourite with tho curate, and could tell him the truth about that exaggerated shindy at John's, and show him that old Latimer's account of his nephew was simply founded on splto and prejudice. Ralph should see Jeanie, too, and mako her promise to be faithful to her banished lover ; and after some persuasion (for Rtlph seemed strangely inert and disobliging in the matter) he went. It was no use. The young man saw Jeani', saw her by herself; but though the pretty child looked pale and wretched and had'evidently been crying hor eyes oat, she was too fond of her father and too afraid of him to give any hope to her lover against bis will. Besides, the revelation of Hugh's bad habits and of his having been found dead drunk in a common fisherman's hut had evidently shocked and frightened her, and she would only Bhed tears and beg Ralph to ask him to forget her. ' He had been very good to oare for hor, but it oould never be — never 1' And Mr. Garston repeated the last assuranoe more emphatically still, outting short young Burton's pleadings by a peremp tory declaration that under no circumstances should his ohild ever marry a man of Hugh Latimer's stamp. 'If ho had been like you,' Baid the curate, kindly, ' it would have been quits different. It isn't his want of means, but his general oharaoter. He might have been worse off than he is, but if he had had your — why, what's the matter ?' He might well ask, for Ralph Burton's face had gone white, aud his big, square jaw was shaking liko a nervous girl. ' Don't saythat,' he stammered, hoarsely .- 'Don't jest with me, sir. I'm not made of stone, and I— didn't even you see it ? I've loved her, too, from the very first day I saw her. I would lay down my life to get one smile from her, and I never should. I've never had a ghost of a ohanoe. It's Hugh she oares for.' After that he bolted, and as soon as Hugh heard of his 111 sucoisi, I promise you he slanged him well. Later, when he kn«w the truth, he oursed his own tolly for trust ing a traitor to plead his oauBe for him. But I don't think Ralph meant to be treacherous ; he was only Btupid and blundering. Anyway, jhe didn't stay to profit by hiB treaohery. Perhaps he knew it would be futile so far as Jeanie was concerned, for next day he and Latimer left Combe-Beryl together and travelled to London. They separated thore, for Ralph had his work to attend to. He had left college and was reading for the Bar, and Hugh went down to Brighton to have it out with his unole. They did not meet again. Ralph heard vaguely that the two Latlmers had quarrelled outright, and that Hugh waB in Paris, living on his small capital, and going to the dogs as fast as ho could. HI) friend tried to com munioate with him ; but Litlmur had no Bettled address, and Barton hid his own affairs to attend to. He entered at the Bar next year ; and poor Hugh gradually dropped out of ken altogether. He seemed forgotten by everybody. Even by Jeanie I For after all, Ralph Burton married her. They met by aooident about a year later, when she was staying with an aunt la town ; and she seemed so glad to see Ralph, and was bo gentle and pleasant to him (perhaps she remembered how fond he had beon o! hor lost love, and liked him for it), that h3 took heart of grace, and after a good while managed to let her seo what she was to him. He did love her very dearly, I'll say that for him; and Jeanie was one of those, gentle, yielding little oreatnreB, loving -o^yy. and olinglng instlnotlvely to anything t^t was strong and kind. It oame oat in timo' that- she got to love the man who had told her father that he would lay down his life to win a smile from her ; and she married him Well, I don't think either of them regretted it; and Rtlph, at anyrate, was as happy as a king. They had * pretty little house, lived In a cosy comfortable way ; and when the baby came, the way In which Jeanie worshipped it, and Rtlph worshipped her for being its mother, and it for being her child, was— Bjhl remembering what oame afterwards, I'd rather not think of that part of the story just now. The young man had one drawback to his happiness. Shortly after his marriage, he met, quite by chance, the man of whom perhaps he thought more than of any one in the world, save Jeanie — Hugh Latimer ; and Hugh — looked him in the eyeB, and out him dead I Also at the Olab soma ot their mutual friends, old oollege chumB, met him rather coldly, and he got to know that it was generally believed that he had played a dirty game at Combe-Beryl, and oheated his friend out of his sweetheart in a Bomewhat scurvy fashion. Ralph wrote to Hugh on this, a long letter, very badly worded, but trying to make out a case for himself as best he oould, and to get the other to see It in the same light ; and Hugh sent it baok to him torn in half, and with this written on a slip of paper: — ' I will hold no communication with a man who, oalling himBelf my friend, first deoeived and then robbed me, and with whom — I swoor It — I mean to bs even one day yet. — Huqh Latimeb.' A bitter message for Master Ralph ; and it stayed in his mind and rankled there, though .he kept hia own counsel, and nover told J.anie a word about it. Thoy were coming baok in the steamer from Jersey one day — R-lph had a sister living there, and they had been spending the summer holidays with her. Jeanie was as frightened of the sea as ever; but fortu nately ib waB an exceptional passage, with a gentle breeze and a bright sun, when the veriejt hypoohondriao could hordly have felt it, so that they were all on deok, Ralph and Jeanie and the baby, Ralph pretending to bite the latter's dimpled hands, while the little maid crowed and laughed and made dutches at his .whiskers — you mayn't believe it, but that ohild was fonder of her father than of any other living ? oreature — when Jeanie started suddenly and uttered a low cry. ~ ' Oh, Ralph I look — Hugh 1' He was standing only a little way off, loaning against tho bulwarks and looking at them, rather— only that he wss so handsome and had been ao hardly used — as Cain might have looked; bnt Jeanie didn't sse that. The poor little thing ' was quite pale and fluttered. ' Oh, Ralph I' she said again, ' is it he How ill he looks, and how — ahanged 1 Dsar, why don't you speak to him ?' And then R dph had to tell her. ' Sweetheart, Hugh has out me. He can't forgive me for winning what ho lost. We are not friends now.' The stupid fellow had a ohoke In his voice even as he said it, and Jeanie's. tender little heart oversowed. 'Not friends 1' she repeated sorrow fully; ' and through me ! Ralph I don't let that b». Let mo ialk to him. He looks ao unhappy. Do let me.' And of course Ralph did. It may have been foolish ; but any man would have done the same that was a man and uob a our. She went right up to Hugh at onoe, oarrying her baby, and put out her little soft hand to him, saying, 'Hugh, won't you Bpeak to me? You've not forgotten me— Jeanie ? And Hugh' folded his handB tight, and said, 'No, I've not forgotten you. You are the only girl I ever loved, the girl who, last time I saw her, told me she loved me, and who comes to me now, not two years later, with another man's ohild in her arms. Curse him and it 1' His face was whit* with passion, and as he spoke he swung round on his heel to leave' her. They were at the Bide of the vessel, and she was quite close to him. I believe,' on my soul, it was an accident, but his elbow struok hers and jarred her ; she wasn't very steady on her feet, and Bhe stumbled baok. There was a sharp ory, 'Hugh I Oh, m; babyl' a splash 1 and then — we all knew what had happened. The child was over board 1 Well, it takea many wordB in telling, but it wasn't a minute's work altogether. Ralph made a blind rush forward, bnt his friend was too quick for him, and canght him almost by the throat. ' Keep baok, man 1' Hugh orled. ' You oan't swim, and I— don't be afraid— I'll save It. I will, by G-dl' He was overboard even as he spoke. The steamer waB just coming to an anchor, the water as smooth as milk, and lots of help all round. They.w.ere^both lifted on deck in a minute or two lat'afi , the man with the Infant pressed tightly in his arms. Saved? Well, yes, as to the body, but the last revolving turn of the. huge paddle-wheel had caught Hugh's ,head and killed him. Not his own mother oould have known handsome Latimer as he lay there that day, dead, with the sun shining on him. And the ohild? No need to talk of it I Thank God, at least, there wasn't a mark on the little white body, or the face that was dimpled with laughter a few minutes baok ; only — the sonl was fled all the same. - It waB very young, you see, and such a fall alone — . I don't want to ta'k any more about that. I took my wife home next day. It's a happy home still, but there has been no ohild in it ever since ; and Jeanie keeps the two graves very green. What have I to do with It? Oh I I forgot you didn't know; but tho story. was about Hugh, not me — I m Ralph. — Theo. Gitt, in JitAy's Annual. His Honour's Decision. — ItwasinaDetroit temple of justice. The counsel had beoome quite earnest In the trial of a cause, when one of them told the other that he had no brains. To thls the latter retorted that the other counsel had no brains, and both counsel appealed to his Honour to say whioh was right. To this appeal his Honour, with a facetious twist in the corner - Of his mouth, replied that he did not wish to contradict ' either of the counsel, as ' both might bo right,' and he requested them both to pro-, ceed with the trial. 