' ? ? *?' a 3 Mr LOVE.7' ;? ?' -?- ] ' r' By E. Lynn Linton, Jitiihor of ' Patricia Eemball,' ' The Atonement of Zeain Dimdai,' ' Under which Lord,' $c. ? if' [The solo copyright for Queensland of 'My Love' lasbeen secured for nielTw*.] ., , . v CHAPTER I.— In tub Morning. It was a foolish thing to do ; but -when waa happy youth aught but foolish ? And he was bo happy ! bo happy ! Ho could not find fitting vent for his joy, nor adequate expression by ?which to inform the world at large how great ?was his divine dolight. Waking up finally to j( consciousness in the dawn of that 8weot spring morning— full of blessed certainty and still more blessed anticipation — seeing neither rook nor anauow aneaa ana euro tniic nu huului ouuw come to wreck hia well- freighted bark— young as the year, bright as the sky, hopeful aB the day, he looked out on the fair English hnd ? soapo of fruitful farm and sleeping village, fra grant meadow and leafy wood ; and for want of some one to whom he could say how good and beautiful sho waB, and how his happiuesa seemed to fill earth and sky with radiance, ho took off his diamond ring— her gift— and scrawled over the pane of the railway carriage : ? My love ! My love !' What a boyish thing to do ! But it relioved his mind somehow, and stood as tho testimony of her worth and hia passion, like the verses ? hung by Orlando on tho trees, tho name carved ' *jr Corydon on tho bnrk. 'My love! My ' wve ! ' Ah, what a sweet love she was 1 Nover VKhce the world began — never since Evo bent over her sleeping lord to awaken him to lifo and happiness with a kiss — had there been such a perfect woman aa bis ! How true and faith ful she was ! — how loving and how pure ! And how sura his happiness in this coming summer when ho was to be made her husband as he ?was now her betrothed ! How he loved her ! — and how she loved him ! It was not vanity to say ttis; it was only trust in her word, confidence in her assurance. ?What a man on all the earth had such a love as he, Cyril Ponspnby, in Stolla. BranscoinbB!' — th« sweetest namo and the sweetest girl 'to be found within tho four seas. No king on' his throno was so proud as this embryo ciyil'servant who hadpaHSed his examination creditably and ?was now waiting for his Indian appointment ; no miser counting his golden gains in his secret chamber wan so rich as this only son of a rained house, this young soldier of fortune whose in herited income was just one hundred and fifty pounds ay car, with potentialities of a noble aort . ?in his youth, his strength and hia brains— but for all that, potentialities as yet substantially in the bud if not in the clouds. He whose future ?was all to make, would not have changed places ?with the most successful man alive;. and the grandest glory of the historic past fuded before the slowing splendour of his present. Ho folt in himself something that was almost beyond the ordinary circumstance of a man ;— as' if neither dealhnor evil fortune could touch him; as if he had conquered fate, distanced sorrow, and now stood with tho gods on tho sublime heights of infinite bliss :— all because he loved sweet Stella Brauscombe and she loved him. , 'My love! my love! God bless_ her! and God make me worthy of her !' ho said to him self, while his frank blue oyes grow dark and tender, arid his handsome face was touched ?with something more than even the deep love of a happy boy, . . And with this prayer, which seemed to carry both Mb love and his joy to heaven, there to bo screngenoneu. ana puuuuu, mo umi* Bt«u.,»* slowly up to Highwood Station and Cyril leaped lightly ont. It was past 5 o'clock; about four hours to wait before a visit to Kose Hill, where the Bransoom'oes lived, was possible even for an engaged man to inako. But to one ' impatient and in love, it is bettor to travel all lii'ght and wait those four hours on the right aide of tho lino, than to go to bod like.. an ordinary mortal and : coma down by tho ordi nary mail — bettor a thousand times to loBe^a night's rest and undergo unnecessary fatigue than to forego three hours of lovo and gain six of 'repose. .', tL .,,''':'.'..,'-., , , '?'? ' _- I,' Long'before ibe.hbuso'sprvarits of Rose Hill had'b'egun tb'etir) Cyril' and tho gardener were having an improving talk as to the prospeots'of the fruit crop and the general behaviour of tho vegetables. -.'Brace, tho big watoh-dog,.loosod for his morning run, was licking his hands and trying hard to, tako , in his face as well. Jim,, the groom, was i'telliug_ hiWall about the pony ; and her foal, ,the new cob and the mare, and ? how'he'aid riot'quito like tho sot 'of ' his oars or the' way.iri which'she darned her 'head ; but.: when1 the :first 'clatter, of opening the.shntters 'began 'lit' the 'hoiieoi tho young 'fellow, half ? a'shamed 'of 'his ' impatience, went off to the! 'summer house at. the end of the lime tree walk, j '?whenco ho 'isduld 'see tho upper windows, arid . '?where 'he shoiild'hear tho gong sound for breakfast.* ; And thon, ? sure of Mb welcome, ho Vould bs free to walk in on the family just as , they had seated thomaelves at tho table. Bo 'sides its convenience of position, this little summer house was'a saered place to him; for ?it was hero that he had told Stella ho loved her 'arid asked her to bo Iub wife, and it was hero ; ?that she had Baid sho loved him, and would ;marry him if papa and mamma approvod. ? '?' ' How long it was bef oro ho heard tho blessed boom of that old bit of Ohineao handicraft ! Surely time nover went so Blowly as he. waB going now. Leadenfooted, do you say ? — paralysed and with no more feet than a snail — that was what he seomed to Uyrii, counting tne minutes as they dropped heavily into the groat sea of eternity, and making them all the slower by hiB ewn eager heat. At last the appointed moment camo._ Mr. and . Mrs, , Branscombe were in tho dining room.; Stella was running down the stairs; tho omelette and tho kidneys, tho tea and tho coffee, the toast and tho marmalade, wero fitly disposod in propor form on the cloth; tho 1 solemn butler sounded the gong and told the neighbourhood within earshot that ,Mr. and ? Mrs. Bransaombe were served. And then ??Cyril started ..up from his seat in the summor ^?houso .and walked swiftly up the limo-treo ?: avenue, timing, his ontrance just as the first i oup of coffee was handed to Mr. Branscombe, andthe business of the day had begun. r !:'The young fellow waB ovidontly a .favourite in tno liimny, ana 0110 10 wnoin a epecmi iuiikui 1\. of rope /was. allowed. Not only was Stolla radiant with glad surprise at his coming so i long before ho was expected, not only was . gentle Mrs. Branscombo as frank and affection ,,ate in her wolcomo as if ho had been tho non lie already called himself, but Mr. Branscomho, nWhono humour was tho truo weather-gaugb at , Kose Hill, smiled as complacently as tho rest . and did not look displeased at this interruption ...to his breakfast. Wherefore the butler, .who, \as.a.rule resented derangements and surprises as in some sbnRO personal affronts, but ' who followed hiB, master's lino to 11 hair, smiled too ... ? ^as^he UBhered' in Mrl'Porisonby and scannod -:'$. Keabh'1;faoe of the'fa'mily while seeming' to set) ' and notico nothing. ?'.- ''? '? *''?.* Sit down boy, nit down ! What will you ''take? Smith, a plato for filr. Ponaonby,' said ;lMr.3!BranBcombe, as he gave Oyriltwo long, 'white scented fingers, his manner. deprecating' unnecessary fuss. : '???'? ? ??? . ? : ' On the hint of that manner both Mrs. Brans combe and Stella aotod; ouch doing her best '? tolook'and speak as if it woro the most natural thing in the world that Cyril should walk in' ..from London to' breakfast whon ho wis not .expected boforo 12 at tho oarlioBt; and as if a girl's love and a mothor's sympathy needed no f urthor expression than a mnu's half indifforent weloomo and more than tepid acquiosoonco in ' ,thinga as they stood. .'On that himt too. Cyril aotod, with more , instinotivo than conscious perception of its '''?? irriportance. Ho Bat down quiotly enough at ' the other side, of tho table, faoing Stolla ; for 'the present ciuito content with the joy of look ing at hor dour, dear faco, moating; hor glud 1 ' sweet oyes, which seemed to say all that he most desired to hear, aiid listening to the sound , of her voice .which 'was1 liko tho moBt molodiouB '- music to his cars. ? ?' .'?? i;:H6w. beautiful sho was 1 ho had.not soon hor -'-'for a whole mouth ; and in that month sho hi gained a world of additional loveliness, and hi pu.$.on a thousand new charms. Her ridh ? b\owa hair bad oven mora red gold in its tint, :: more -wave and ripploand straying rebellious ] ,??». . ? tlo,ourlB and feathery fringes in its lines ; her rg'e, blue eyes, as'deoply' blue assapphire'a and I soft as summer skua, ..wore yet more beau tiful in form, inoro eloquent in expression; and surely that dark fringo'of curling* lushes was even longer than before, and, made ;, them yet softer and more starry ! Her complexion, so pure and cloar, with that creamy, uoltnesB in' the shadows and that faint flush on her cheeks which mado it so liko a swoet wild- rose, ' was almost purer and clearer than before, as. if happiness had improved her health as well us gladdened, he^ heart; and her supple figure looked yet mare ^graceful 'in the light-brown dross which clothed hoi- like wax without a ang gestion of millinery artifice. H-)r voioe, that index of tho nature, whs fuller and sweeter and more musical than ho had ever heard it—with always mac mint ecno ot possime saanesa in us muBio whioh showed that she had it in her to be a Baint, a martyr, or a heroine, acoording to the run of circumstances and the ordering of lifo. Or, haply, she might be only a tender and loving woman, whosOj pure history and blameless bearing would work' liko a charm in hor own immediate world, giving a standard of excellence by which to livo and a measure ol beauty that would be like inspiration to the rest. And Cyril had no doubt but that this would bo hor Ufa. By Gbd's help ho would keep hor aa she was — pure and meek — from now to tho day of hor death, and make her happier than any woman had ever been in this Bad world before! ? , She was suprome ! No other igirl in Eng land was equal to her, personally or morally, thought Cyril, his eyes fixed on! her with as much worship as lovo— as much reverence as passion. But all tho same,'betweBn whiles he ato his toast and drank his ooffee and made an heroic breakfast after the manner of, healthy, hungry, happy youth, glad to, .live, jand re joicing in his bodily weir being and his love alike. ?. .... . , , '''' . ' ? ' And what' a perfect mother for suoh a daughter Mrs. Branscombe was ! - How sweet and gentle, how calm and' Belf- restrained ! Sho seemed nevor to think of herself— but to livo for others — to caro only to., do her duty— to make those around her hnppy— to be just and moroif ul for her child [ Rolf. sacrificing' in her home, attractive in the highest sense and in every direction. Her lifo was the very, poetry of ; womanly. tenderness ; but it was a pity .that her health w.as bo' delicate V .Sho had never been a robust woman, and had 'always' b- en one of that sensitive kind with whom tho steel outwears tho scabbard. ' Of late- she 'had begun to look startlingly -frail; though she.did not complain; and Mr. Branscombe waB . too much absorbed in his own occupations, while jStella was too young to Beo'oll th'e' length of ?the way that she had gone.' ''Besides'; daily familiarity with gradual change 'blinds' nho jeyes whiohhavb'nob been opHned' by fear.jibut Cyril, pre- occupiedi,. though,,. he, was,; was; ishooked by the increased pallour, the.greater attenuation of that dear mbtheri whose, lifo |was so infinitely beautiful1 and' so' 'infinitely precious. : . ? : ' ''' ' ! She mado no complaintjho'wevor ; Bho never idid ; and when he anxiously, asked .her how she 1 was, and was she quite, ,weu r; — snefsmiiea ana 1 answered quietly : . , . , : ' Yes, dear ; quite veil, thank you.' ' A little good for nothing at times. 'But' the spring has been trying, and I always' suffer in the ; east winds/ ;. ?.'.:.;...,' ? : 1 ' I do not think you have suffered maohthis year, Matilda,' said Mr. Brariacombe, with what in a less lovely man would have been a slight amount of peevish displeasure in his voice.' ' You have had' nothing coraparedvtb' my neuralgia.' ??' ?. ? ?' '? ' No, dear, indeed I have not,', she answered with a sympathetic air. ? You haye been very bad at times, poor darling.' ', 1 At times ? Always !' he Baid,'' almost as if aho had flung a small affront into his 'fine face. 'Igivo you my word, Cyril, ;I 'have, uot had one day this year free from the most atropious paiti. 'No;man but mysolt could have borne what I have bornoaud not have lost bothhoait and patience.' ' ' '. ' . ' ?? ?? ' ' Poor papa !' said Stella,: fully of pity.' ' ' My poor Froderio !' repeated Mrs, Brans combe,'her. voice and eyes also f_uUiOf:pity. ' I am very sorry to hoar it, sir,' said Cyril, as hia contribution to the litanv of condolonco and compassion. '.,',.' ,' , And yet how well arid handsome and- per- feotly- prosorved and nnperbly got-up oltogether this martyr.:.to physical ; pain aud, mental de pression was ! Sixty, last birthday, and no one would have given;h.im more than ^thirty-five. How strange that; thisj.oonst'ant' suffering had told so little on him ! , u'I'.i ., _ 'jrhisifltheiiind of thing that1 tests the value of a maul' said Mr. BrahBopm^be, helping him self to a seooud^ plateful of omelette. 'Pain, sleeplessness, ''nervous' :oxhaustion, oomplote prostration, total.loss !'6t appetite^ and. ypt the; spirit'risirig superior ' id all these'miserable'in firmitieB of the fleah— the blood of tho gentle- 1 'man assertirig itself in trials which would have ; made the' cart- horse-like boor lie down and howl! IhaWneverlosta day's work, through it all, have I, 'Matilda ?'-': - ???.-??' ' No,' said Mrs. Branscombe, ' you have not ?dear.* ' ? t ' ?-''.-?'??? j-« - j ' I have gone on just as if I hod been in rude health,' he oontinued. ' I have written and; painted and composed without intermission. I have composed two-thirds of my operetta and I have written four ? thousand lines of my grand epic with not one Binglo erasure — is thore Matilda?' , . . : , 'No dear, not one,' said Mrs. Branscombe. . 'JNOC Turning DacK anu going .ovav tuu ground again and again, liko a stammering child learning to spell,' ho went on to say, tossing hia handsome head, and onrling his thin lips in disdain for tho poor literary olods who laboured whero ho enjoyed, plodded whore ho skimmod, corrected and re-wrote, reconsidered and erasod, whore ha swept the air with one beat of his strong wing, and com pleted in a day what others wouldhave taken ten to create and another ton to perfect. ' All right oft, my boy — currenle calamo, at ono dash ! That is tho way to work ! and that makes all the difference between modiooro talent and the higher reaoh of gonius— betwoen earth-born industry and the heavenly powor of the divine afflatus. I will read it to you after breakfast, and play you Bomo of tho choicest nwrceaux in my operotta,' he continued with a smile: He meant the offer for grace, and he oxpocted it to bo taken as he meant. -'. ... 'That will be a great treat, I assure you,' said Mrs. BranBcombe, also, smiling as she turned t6 Cyril ; ? but,' to her husband, ' sup pose you keep it, dear, till af tor dinner ? It will be so delightful then | and Cyril may want to be oiit or to be' doing somothlng else in tho morning.' . ' - ? ? ? ' Cyril haB nothing surely of such importance to do that ho cannot hear my poem and opor otta ! ' said Mr. BianBoombo, tostily. 'No, sir, I asBiiro you I shall bo delighted to hear them. . Thank' you, doar Mrs. Brans combe, but, of course, I shall be charmed ,' enid Cyril, hastily. ? . 1 ?., . .., ?'.' ? Instinctively- ho desired to keep well with Stella's father ; and Stolla's fathor was decidedly touchy ns to his work and very oasily offended by the nppnaranco of neglect. Though ho -loved MrB. Bransoombo tho hotter of the two, he would have had no hesitation in doolininp; any offer that she might have mado, if not oongenial to his humour ; but Mr, Bransoombo was different ; and noithor Cyril nor any ono elBO dared to say 'No' when ho 8ai*J 'Yes.' In his heart, howover, tho lad wished the grand opio and tho best morccaux at tho douce, andftiis elegant futher-in-law with them. Hohad not seon Stella for a whole month ; this was hia first visit after his engagomontand that successful examination on which tho material soourity of his lovo roBtod. Ho had travellod all night and had boon mooning about tho place for hours at tho risk ot making himself ridiculous to tho mon, simply to got threo hours' extra happiness thrown in ; and now it was coolly proposed that ho should tako tun cream of tho morning and dovoto, hoaven knows how muoh timo, to listuuing to an opio writton without corrections — hundreds of linos at a sitting— and to tho airs of an oporotta daBhod off without ioxa thought and only by tho grace of inspiration ! Fate, howovor, wns kind, and Bparod him. After broiikfu8t tho divine afflatus camo on Mr. 'Branscombo with such powor, that he was forood to defer his rotitations until tho oven ing, ns hia wife had suggested. Ho must soiro tho inspired moment, ho said, beforo tho piritual firo had burned down to tho alag of ) .everyday coanmonplaco. It would be a sin to th«'w6rld— to the present arid friture alike—' werphe co lut humanity lose what ho had it in his power to vbi'Htow. ' Utterances such as his ,,were not too frequent; and thoy wero too valuable to be ? -neglected. And to this Cvril naturally eaid 'Yes,' too, with iriorii simplicity of (-incority; and' tlion tho two luvura wandered away together, while Mrs. Braiiscombe 'went to her daily office of transcribing in a clear hand her hus band's entariiiU'd hieroirlyphios ; — till forced to leave her work and tako refuge in her own room, where only her own maid knew the fatal secret of, her lifo. ' ' : ! Aii'd now Cyril's turn had' really come, and he wbb alone and undinturbed in the heaven of his love. , He improved thu occawion and took advantage of his freedom to tell Stella for the hundredth time how beautiful sho was and how intensely he adored her, 'how divinely happy lifo was to him at this moment, and how ho thought her condescension in loving him at all — he bo far beneath hor as ho was in goodness and greatness of all kinds — tho most wonderful thing' in the whole matter! He said a great deal more; but this was tho theme round whioh all tho rest was merely a succession of variously !phrased envelopes meaning ever tho snme thing under different verbal dresses. He loved her ; she waa something better than humanity ; and his gratitude equalled hia glory in his lovo. Ah ! how sweet it waB to say all this out on the lawn beneath that grand old sproading cedar ! There they sat with instinotive modesty full in view of the house, but as much alone as if they had been indeed those primal two in Eden, taking with tremulous feet the first delicate and delicious steps along the enchanted pathway of lovo— that enchanted pathway whioh their posterity have trodden in the same way ever sinoe. Tho birds were singing in the bushes, full-throated, rioh, beseeching — here tho chant of tho conqueror, thore the song of the wooer ; tho flowers were blooming in the £arden,T and bees' and butterflies and flies with gauzy wings, ' laden with light and colour,' rifled' the cups and poised above ' tho petals ; from every leaf and blade of grass — from every tender twig flushed with sap, like blood that blushes— ^froin rcvery opening bud still sheathed liko ) dreaming youth in its soft sweet case of nnocence — from the moss about tho tree roots ind from tho resinous-.bark about tho stems, loured out tho subtle scent* of spring — calling ip the .vague-hopes, the unspoken desires, tho lender, dumb, self -unrevealed wishes of youth and the unfulfilled.', .'. /.ji ,. .-? TheibluejBky-.flickedimith .cloudlets' which jut gave added beauty, to lite serenity, pres laging no disaster, shone through tho blaok boughs of the. greet tree, ..beneath which the lovers eat ; and the wator-fall at tho back of tho house. added /its endless music to the great |diapason of nature, whioh. filled the air with the larno glad symphony of life, It was in tho epringtime.of the year and the springtime of jLQeir iuvu. j.uo uiiy wue yuit in uua uiutiuu iand they were in the morning of their lives. iNo sorrow had touohod them, no cloudslooraed dark and threatening in their sky. Sunshine ,and music, perfume and love, were about them (like a golden haze, seen through which every thing was transferred to supernatural beauty, where, was not one sordid spot for pain to strike or sorrow to root. It was tho heaven on earth 'of the poet and tho dreamer — that heaven which !we all enter, when wo love and are boloved, when -nro trust , arid are assured. It was tho gla.d dawning of that future day when they 'should live in unending glory, fed on heavenly jmanna and free from the pains and penalties which /besot . ordinary humanity — it was the irosy-fingored dawn, heralding tho groat God !of life and joy. ..... All this they felt as. they eat beneath the i horizontal branches of tho great black spread ing cedar :tree, while they, spoke of thoir lovo iand discussed thoir , future ; he counting the days, and going into arithmetic of the hours which lay ? between now and that blessed twenty -fifth of August, when they were to bo married;; she , smiling . when he laughed, glad when ho exulted, hopeful beoa'uBe ho was oonfi dont — always tho woman's faithful following on.the mau's.ndyancing.feet— her tender echo to niB loregoinp worci. .1, ,_„ , . . . , How dolightf ul it was' to ,havo, him thoro ! How ,happy; she twaB, and, Ijow'deljcibua it was to be able to say to him , that sho was so happy ; and to ,anBw,(jr.,f,Yos,,I do',' ,when. he.aekod her at least twenty times .that morning:' * 1)13 sho lovo him.?//. -Was she^uro P— qriite as riiuch as he lo.v'ed.her?' But no! That waB impos sible ! No one who over lived on tho face of this eaith'—rio''6ne','no one ever did'.or could lovo as muoh ns he, Cyril. Ponsonby, loved her, Stella Branscombe i.Jt'woB impossible. Human naturo could not go beyond itself !' And. hn believed, .what' ho. said ; and Bho be lieved it because ho^aid iti ! ,' ' ' ' ?' ? ' Just thorithey heard thesourid of ahard, dry, rasping.oougb. , It was1 Mrs; Bran6o6mbb[j.in her, own room with, Jane Durnsford, her maid. ? Poor mamriaa;' said Stella. ' 'She, has 'such abadoough! It liaa'olung'to her all the win ter, and will not go.1', ,'J.'', ..;,; , .,', r.: ,,'? '' ,'/, ' Sho is looking very polo andthin'.1 ? I do hot think she can bo well,' , said Cyril. ' She says sho is,' Stolla answered a littlo' anxiously. .'Sho novpr confesses to moro than feeling rather languid.1 j' '(-. '' ','';??'',! She is so unselfiah !' Baid Cyril. ' ' ' Aa' unsel fish as you, Stella-pmy' own ; beautiful Stella, my star, my lovo!' l1'' '''?;' ???'?: -??? - .?: . And with tbis thoy wandered, off again on that enchanted pathway trn|Versing Eden ; and oven Stolla forgot that her'mother had a cough and looked pale and white, while listening to the rhapsodies of her lover. ?'? OH APTER II.— Thb Littlb ? Ribt. Tho first thing that would strike any one ad mitted into tho Bransoombo household was its air of exquisite refinement arid poetio serenity ; tho next would be the consciousness of some want somewhere— a very vague and indofinito kind of consciousness,' ana a want not to bo fonnd liko cobwebs for tho looking, but thoro all tho samo ^something in tho atmosphere .that would jar on tho moro sensitive ; and yet the most observant could not say what it waa nor whore it lay. - ?? . Cyril, too young and strong and far too much in love to bo either eonsitivo orobsorvant outside that lovo, had nover troubled himself about things whioh ho could neither touoh nor demonstrate ! and vaguo consciousness was a Btato of mind by no means natural to him. Ho saw all things with houlthy postivonoBS, or he did not see them at all ; and ho had as little to do with Bhadowy suspicions as with ghosts. To his way/of thinking Mr. Branscombe was all that an English gentleman of moro mind than muEclo; and of poetic foeling in excess of practicality, ought to bo; and Mrs. Brans combe was the very idoal of a perfect wife, mother, and gentlowoman. The two t»gether wero supreme ; and what Stella was to him wo know. That vairuo sense of want, that fino thread of something not quito real, that faint coho of hollowno8s beneath tho golden sands which woro; disoovorod by others wero non oxisting for him;, and ho aoooptod the appear nnco of things with boyish good faith, wishing noithor to lift up transforming voila nor to soratoh off polished surfaces. And indeed by the look of things, what a perfect housohold it waa ; and how invidious bb well as needless it was to imagine flaws whero none wero visible, and that the circle was not truo when no ono could find tho oxact point whore the lino ran flat 1 Moreover, with whom did tho fault lio ?— if indeod fault thoro wero at all, which Cyril would have passion ately denied had he been questioned. Moat oortainly not with Mrs. Bransoombe, all but porfeot aa sho was. With Stolla f Ask if the moon gives darkness instead of light, if the sun broeds fog and miaanmtio vapours ! No, corlainly not with Stella ; and if not with thcBo two, then undoubtedly not with Mr. Bransoorrbo. Tho kitid of man of whom tho women of his family aro at onco so proud and so much afraid ; to whom thoy givo up thoir lives and think themselves happy aa well as honoured in tho sacrifice ; whoso will is a Divino command and whoso opinions on all inattors carry with them tho authority of righteousness and the weight of porfected knowledge ;' to servo whom is to oarry inconso to .tho altar, and 'to fail whom is to bo guilty_ of ! irroligion ; Mr. Bra'nBcombo was tho high pricBt-of his household — a kind of domestic Apollo, repre senting tho last word of rofinemont and tho supreme result of oulture. He was eminently] a Superior Person who had to be petted and taken care of ; flatterod, careBBed, given way to and surrounded by the adulation of lovo at once submissive and protecting. He was never to be crossed in his moods, nor interrupted, nor told unpleasant news, nor consulted in cases of diffloulty, nor mado free of any form of truth which would be likely to jar on a naturo so finely organised and so full of exquisite suscep tibilities as his. He waa to be obeyed at a hint ; his desires wero to bo divined and ful filled without the trouble of interpretation ; and his comfort was to be attended to without hitch or worry. And then he was to be allowed to think that he drove the wholo team and wiib eminently master in his own house. And when, as he often did, he complained of the distress ing amount that he had to do, and tho weight of responsibility laid on his shoulders, hia wife did not laugh nor did his daughter remonstrate in favour of the mother, who pulled tho labour ing oar while he flourished tho flag— the ono accepting for love and deliberate decision what the other recoived in faith. Mr. Branscombo was still an exceedingly handsomo man, as ho had ever been. When he was in the Guards, and before he married, he was known aB Handsome Frod Branscombo by his friends, if Finery Fred by hia enemies -, and the conscious airs and little affectations of a beauty-man still clung to him. He spent a good deal of his timo in devising becoming studio dresses for himself, chiefly of velvet, with appropriate COliarB, nanus, nuu uirune ; his Btill luxuriant locks were marvellously black and his elegant moustuche and beard — cut Vandyke fashion — had defie.1 the silver fingers of time with as muoh extraordinary pertinacity as had his curling raven treBses. His hands were long, poetic, white, and well preserved ; and his rtthor rodent-like teeth, as well as his waist and feet, wero marvelsof care and get-up. Besides his beauty which ho still cherished ; his toilette to which ho sacrificed ; his reputa tion as a lady-killer which ho never forgot, he was, as he had always been, a kind of dandy in art — playing a little on tho piano and on tho flute, painting a little in oils, writing poetry in ladies' albumB and for drawing-room entertain ments, and the like. Kathor late in lifo— nimely, at forty yoars of age — he had married sweet-faced ilatilda Jerningham— ' that good Matilda,' as he usod to call her, with a certain lofty compassion for her intellectual inferiority, whioh meant acknowledgement of his own superiority as well as of his magnanimity in overlooking her deficiencies for tho sake of her excellences. And soon after his marriage he left tho army, and took up hi* abode at Rose Hill, riear Highwood. Here ho turned to Art, as he called his play, and founded his title to distinction on his dandyism of pursuit as well as of person. He undertook aB many thinsrs aB if he had been the Admirable Crich ton himself. Without moro than the merest smattering of musical Knowledge, ignorant; 01 the firat principles of thorough bass and tho law of harmony, he composed rondes and sonatas, motifea and nocturnes — and of late ho had begun an opera, score and libretto both, which he called his magnum opus. Ho did not know an Alexandrian from an hexametor, nor an anapnst from a trochee, but he daBhed off odes and sonatas by the doeen ; and lately he had plunged into an epio with an airy grace which poets of long practice in the art of rhyme and rhythm might have envied. And though he could not draw a round thing to look Bolid, nor an upright thing in stable equilibrium, he painted pictures of all genres, and attacked a portrait as confidently as a landscape, a cattlo piece, the heroic imagina tiveness of high art or theacourate delineations of still life. His pictures wero magnificently framed, and hung in the various dwelling roomB nocording to what he called the harmony of associated ideaB. They mado professional artists turn hot and cold by turns when invited to discuss them on their merits, whilo even the technically ignorant, who had eyes and, no knowledge, laughed in their sleeves at tho anatomv of the Uvincr thinae and tho. drawing of tho inanimate. All tho same his wifo praised and encouraged him ; and no man know whether she believed in him sincerely or only fluttered him because of the sweet polioy of lovo. And naturally Stolla followed her mother's lead. Born, and educated in the worship of her fathor as a Superior Being, she went on worshipping him, believing in him now just as Bho used when a ohild, and holding him as she had been' taught to hold him, as the ono supreme man of all creation, the neplus ultra of English gentlehood and cultured civilisation. He waa to her the impersonation of Matthew Arnold's .'.sweet ness and light ;' and when she thought .of the illustrious dead each seemed to her in some sort of phase as ' dear papa ' — that, micro cosmio and csonmenical genius who contained all within himeelf and radiated on all ; sides, ' whero others Bhiuo only on one. ; , He, on his part, received all this loving ' adulation as a king might receive the tribute of his vassals. Their worship of tho highest in him honoured these women who. paid it even -more than it honoured him to whom it was paid. It was tho recognition of superiority, he said ; and thoir power of recognition proved their own worth. Tho clod docs not worship the glow- worm, but man adores tho sun. It .was his due and thoir duty; and tho' two .principles wore as harmonious as a musical chord. Ho was fond of both wifo and daughter, and rested on them far moro than the latter .suspected- or the former knew. That good 'Matilda of bis was everything to him; eyes and hands and feet and brains ; mother, wifo and , lover, audienco and applause, all in ono. She followed hiB humours, bout herself to his shape, interpreted his wishes and guided while she obeyed. Sho guided him from svery un pleasant acoident of domestic lifo, yet gave in to Mb fanoy of holding himself as the pivot round which the whole thing revolved. She loved him, or rather she had loved him when she had married him; full of enthusiasm for hiB gonius, of admiration for hiB beauty, of gratitude for his love, of a girl's romantio belief in his infinito superiority. Whether she woke from her dream and found something in the woary life of reality whioh Bhe had not Buspected in the bloom of love, or whether sho went on in her happy blindnesa, she nover told. All that the world, Stolla, and her hand Bomo husband himself saw, was a devotion that had no limits, an exprousod admiration that was without stint, and a supplo solf-offacoment that mado Bome womon angry, others jealous, and a few contemptuous of her elavishness. Thoy had been married for two yoars before tho birth of thoir ohild camo aB an interruption — or addition — to their happiness. It was an oven chanco whioh it would bo. Happily it was the latter. Mr. Branscombo was rejoiced to bo a fathor. It comploted the oircle, he said ; and he talkod hazily about Plato's tri anglo and tho divinity of ohildhood. It gave him occasion for a pioture of tho housohold star — the baby in' its nightgown — for a canzo net and a birthday ode, a lullaby and a noo turno; and ho glorified himself in that pink little buridlo sucking its fist in the cradle up stairs aB if ho woro Jove and this tho infant Minerva, or as if he were the first man to whom had been born a child. Ho gavo tho namo— Stolla. Sho was the Star of the House, and tho word went well in poetry. He had hesitated long between May and Iris — the ono for hor month the othor moaning a messengor from Heaven ; he had tried Violet and Rosa, Daisy and Eglantino ; ho had thought of Mary for awoetnesB, of Margaret for dignity; and ho had gone through all tho heroines of fiction and history. But none compoaod so well as Stolla ; and tho Star thoroforo oho remained. He conld ucaroely have found a namo moro appropriate. As timo wont on and her charactor developed, tho girl proved more and morn her right to bo named aB something bright and pure and high and heavonly . Sho had not a fault ; or if any at all it was that Bho had none. Sho was almost too good, too self- sacrificing, too high-minded. Sho wanted tho relioying shadowB of a silly woaknoes hero, a wilful naughtinoBB thore. Sho was just a littlo angol, said all hor nursos, and all hor toachors ; and gavo no troublo to any one. Yet sho was not sickly. She had sound nerves, a full ohest, a healthy appetite ; she could rido well, play lawn tennis to perfection,' and row as if sho had boon born with an oar in oach hand. She was with out morbid farioios, or.'unwholesotnb Bupor Btitioris, and was just a' laving, dovotcd, con scientious, and unselfish littlo girl, with tho pos sibilities in her of martyrdom should the oooasion occur. Sho would have loved her heathen lover better than her life; but sho would have preferred to his lovo with apostacy, death and bearing faithful witness to tho truth. She waB a girl whom the most impassioned man couldhave loved wholly, without understanding moro than her sweetness, seeing moro than her beauty ; and sho waa ono whom a sago wonld have honoured and a priest would have dedi cated, whom mothers envied and whom chil dren trusted. Such as she was, sho waB Cyril Ponsonby's adored ; and he waa novor woary of congratu lating himself on his supreme good fortune, nor quito able to understand why sho should have honoured him — Bhe who might havo mar ried a duko had she liked — and he, who was comparatively a mere nobody, with only_ ono hundred and fifty pounds a year of private fortune, and nothing moro certain than brains, energy, youth, and the future for the rest. Though by no means a brilliant marriage in a worldly eenso, this union of their only daughtor with young Cyril Ponsonby had met with no opposition from tho parents. It was suitablo in point of age and birth ; and they could afford a dowry which would ensure tho barring out of that cruel wolf whose black muzzle so often thrusts itself within the house when the door has but slender golden fasten ings. Tho lad was well-built, healthy, generous, strong ; and handsomo in a fine manly way — more buugestive of field sports than ladykill ing. They loved each other; and what more was wanted than what they had? He was not rich certainly, but his family was good, and his name was without stain; and with his pros pects and her dowry there was no cauBo for fear. It would be a sorrow to part with Stella, of course ; but, thon, girls are made to be mar ried and taken out of the home;' and they had always each other. ' ^Srhilo you live, ray good Matilda, I shajl never want a companion,' Baid Mr. Brans combe, when the thing waa talked of between them. , ? ' . 1 No ; while I live you will always have some ono to attend on you and take care of youj'she answered, tenderly. ^ ,,', ',' ''.''. Butnolhing was said of her, the mother, nor whore sho' was to loot for .consolation. In her love and her duties, of course, Mr, Branscombo would havo said, had he been nske'd. What'was the fiual cause of tiat good Matilda's existence but to uive. without a question of receiving? What is the clory of women ,,but to loye,'ta bless, and to bestow,?, .iHad'heinof said-so/jn; that sonnet whioh, he'had', addressed; to'1,' My' Wife f— that sonnet, whjr'e'in' 'he; 'Had coin-' pared her : to' Corea;. to. Juno; to.(\Saint Barbara' with all '. the' little children'gath'ered^ round: her .feet'.bpneath :hef,. cloak;' to the; moth, whichlays its bggB ,'aud dies ; to the grass that feeds tho lambs ; to the oak, whioh man immortalises in a temple, a mansion, a ship ; to ; the coal which is uurnea ior, the banefit of a hero or a poet ? That good Ma tilda was born to set forth the beanty of self effacoment and the holiness of Eelf-eacrifio'e ; and he was not tho ono to interfere with n&\- ' tural arrangements and throw the machinery, of Providence out, of gear by ministering .to' that which had been predestined to minister to' him. . ? ?...,?'!.. And sho, whatever ehe might feel, Baid noth ing by way of rogrot, not even to Stella herself ; but Tather did her host to hasten on. the mar riago aB much as it waB seemly to do; she and faithful Jane DurnBford, hor maid, alone knowing why. So there the wholo thing stood, on velvet, aa sporting men say. There was not a hitch, not a cross, not a cloud ; and the lute of lifo and lovo gave forth its fullest and most melodious music. It was now May, and in August the two were to bo married. Three months which love ran into days aa thoy passed, and longing lengthened into years as they wore looked at — threo months of blieaf ul anticipation of joyous realities— and ' then tho fulfilment of their dearest dreams J .',',,' Meanwhile, tho young lovers sat on the lawn boneath tho.spreading. cedar tree, while Mrs. Bransc'ornbo and ner maid discussed the sporot that was .between th7em.; And Mr'. BranFcombo, in his Btudy .bolowi' dashed : off , at white heat' verses which v,'ould not Bain,' rhymeB which' did not fit, and. thoughts which were so muoh in-; lnl1*.n(-...i1t/il,..n' nMfhnnt. n'.n-riiin nf wrinftttO G-ivB austenance.pr support.. But he was satisfied. with his wo^k, dear man !-U-arid,presontlyJ' gpt tihg impatient at' her absence,' hq called that gopd.Matilda to listen I'td'^yhat hi) had doridj aud'bo,,!', so of ton befor.o, his audience' and his applauBe. '., ., 3l .1. _,„,, , ., ....,,, ,',.. .,' .,1,''/., : And when:dinner,iWaB byor arid the fariiily had assembled in tho. .drawingTrbbm, then, the famous epic was, produced and read to 'its/.au' thor's running commentary of interpolation^ hi3 designation .of the fino irnage : Jiere,. 'the sonorous iriusic thero; the. cadence of this- line, tho ingenious (rhyme of that, , .., , ',.' ? ! 'Thon ulaek- browoa.niBUtaroso, ,-'?'.-;. ? I,. . j '., -; « vsnth. her veil, otBtarsiind anows.1 ,? ' ' Thit'a fine, Matilda, it,,is not ? You see the imago, j Cvril ?; The starB spangling: her iveil,' her veil ' the snow-top mountains. . Perhaps, it will nbtbear'the coarse touch of prose,' said1 Mr. Branscombe with a little hesitation ; 'but in poetry, whioh is -so much more vogue and' suggestive, it comes grandly.' .' ? j ' Yes, dear,' eoid Mrs. Branscombe. ? I think it lovoly, papa,' Baid Stella, whese faculty did not lie in criticism. ' It 'is a very fine image, sir,' said Cyril, who had not hoard very clearly. And whon Mr. Bransoombe had thus gathered in hiB littlo harvest, he Btniled, raised the deli cate whito hand that had been dropping grace fully from the wriBt over the arm of his chair, ran his fingern through hiB curled and scontod hair,' smoothed with the tips of hiB fingers his irreproachable shirt front, and then went on with his reading as before. Suddenly, Mrs. BranBcombe gave a deep sigh, and turned deadly pale. A shudder ran over hor ; hor handB dropped nervelessly in her lap ; hor eyes oloBod ; hor breath came in short gasps ; and she fell backward in hor chair in a strange and sudden faint. Thoro was tumult and confusion, tears, dis tross, and terror; but whon Jane Durnsford came on tho summons, sho seemed &trangoly; collectod and as if she had gone through the wholo thing before. Sho know exactly what to do, and sho did it ; and when Mr. Bronaeombe, whoBO helpless distress waB almoBt as pitiable as his wife's condition, said half peevishly ; ' Havo you over soon your miotresB like this . beforo, Durnsford?' sho anHwered with a, sudden flash in her eyes wbioh no one could exactly read ; ' Yes, sir, many times. It has only been a wonder to mo thnt no one but myself know.' ' Send for tho dootor afonoo ! — send for Dri Qnigley, instantly !' cried Mr. Branscombe, in nxtrome agitation. 'Do you meari_ to Bay Durnsford, that your mistress is ohronically out of health, and' I . not know it? i. Whore are thoso men ?? Fend for., Quigley 1 . Cyril, my boy, do you go. for him! ..Heavens! that I should havo been deceived to this frightful 'ox- tont!' '?' ; ..?.?.:?:' ??, ?: i ' It is of no use Bending for Dr. Quigloy, air,' said Jane Durnsford.: ' 1 know what to do as wollas he can tell. me. Indeed, ho did tell mo.' ' ? .1 ?'.'?... ' Oh, Durnsford, has mamma consulted Dr. , Quigley, and we nover know !' said; Stella, who was kneeling by hor mother's side ohafing hor hnnda. ? _ -.. ,. - V;. ; : ' Yea, miBS,' answered the maid. ; , . 1 But what is it ? What is it ?? repeated | Mr. Branscombo. ? ? '? ? ' Heart, sir. She has what tho dootor oalls anourinm of tho heart, and may die at any momont. But ehe haB not gone this time,' poor doar;' added Jnno, as a Blight sigh stirred the lips of tho fainting woman, and a tinge of colour Btole baok into tho waxen face. {To be continued.) The othor day a barristor was addre?Bing tho jury in the Sesnions Court, Birmingham, on behalf of a priBonor, whou, havhifr worked himBclf upte an appreciable degree of intensity and porspiration, ho delivored himBolf some what as follows: ' Gontlomon, after what I havo put boforo you, is tho man at tho bar guilty ? Can ho bo guilty P Is ho guilty ? ' To tho astonishmont of tho assistant barrister and tho disgust of the learned advooato, the foreman of tho jury shouted out in a loud key, ' We'll tell you just now, sir, if you'll- only, wait a bit,' ? - ? .?:4ui;»fwiJzr ? ? 