(ECUMENICAL MEraODIST CJX FEEENCE. In a report published in a previous issue we gave a list of the forty-two topics discussed in tbe Clxiumenical IlethodiBt Canferenoe recently htld in Loodtn. We cannot iind space for evert a synopsis cf the debates as a whole, bat will '. present the le&cing; fcaturrs of the discussions I that took place on one or two topics of most gene . t&1 iiikiett. This report may be prefaced by the rtrtuk tbat in general the speakers were aaaong tbe ablest men in the Conference, but that ability wu not the orily requisite to gain for a rtpiefcttUtive & hearing. Ine time for each subject was so limited, and the would-be s I eaters were so many, th»t only a amail ptrcentsge of these who wkbod to apeak were able to get the eje of the pt«?=idtnt and the ear of the Conference before ihe allotted period was exhausted and the next subject, introduced. The talkibg rjOKcr of 400 representative Methodists is very great indeed, and to exhaust it when foity- tvro themes were available, would be more lif.e.'j to take twelve yean tbau twelve dajs. As nJgbt t ave betn expected, the American dele g»U£ rtexegtd to secure at least a full piopor ncu of ilie tune devoted tc voluntary speakers. Tbe} tedued to be quite a^eastomed to watoh fcr tbe cb&iriratiV; eye, and to ' know a tbing oc tno' of wLich tfcoir British brethren were iuno cect. TLus a Yetkee or&tor; was seen to stand during the who e time occupied by a speaker, in order that he might be first on his feet whea that speaker tat dovtn. It may be readily Ubderrtccd that many delegates of ability, but, uiiftrtDnately for the oceauoD, iuode«t as well as able, did not get a hearing st all, nor even rca-ie anv atttrcpt to speak. Arxccg the topics cf interest ta the general public, as well as to Methodists, the one tbat perhat.8 rooie than any other was anticipated with cuiitkity, was that intcoduoed oa. the steend day by the Be?. Dr. Edwards, of tbe Kettcdiet Bpisci'pul Church, under the titie'£ome Statistical Keeuite of Methodism.' Tie speech of Dr. Edwards, regarded as an exposition of tbe statistics of Methodism, was ditaj pointing; altiomjh, uons.dering the pro veibial drjtms cf figures, it was probably more entertaining to these wbo beard it than would lave been an cesiy confined striatly within the limits it fint d m the title. Tbe Doctor gave a kind of bird's eje view cf tbe origin and prin ciples of Methodism and of the various depart ments of it« work ; and although he introduced ? large cumber of statistios his sp«eeh was lather that of an axdeut advocate than of an expett statistician. Heis editor of the Worth RetUm Christian Jldvocatctui the pronounced character of his confidence in everything Wes leyan may be gathered from a couple of hi statements that can scarcely be acquitted of some spice of American extravagance: ' Wherever the church has followed faithfully along a gleaming radius of power designated and inaugurated by Wesley, Methodism has been successlul, 'Whenever and woerevec a radius has been abandoned, WesluyanUm has been shorn of power. Conversely, whenever a new method or a new element in method has been interpolated, the divinelj-construoted syetem has been shocked by the foreign and non coxelated presence. In doottioe and polity we have constant right and bounden duty to ask, Is it Waleya* J ' Speaking of Wesley's return frem Georgia and bis conversion, Dr. Edwards said—' Tbta began the work in earnest. He w eiit * nnto his own,' bnt bis own received him cot ; they threat bim out of their churches. Wetley was thus ordained for work among those who do not go to tbe churches. In Moorfields, among the Stafford potters, -the Kingswood colliers, and the neglected of the United Kingdom he went like a biasing herald and in the King's name. Think of a crowd cf from 20,000 to 30,000 in the open air hearing him, who, like his Master, went up into a mountain to find a pulpit. Darius or Alexander or Xenophon never penned tuch a journal. Kevertntly still, we declare that these pictures are almost as impressive as Christ's open-air preaching in Palestine, since John Wesley was loyal to that heavenly call to feed the multitude.' From an elaborate table of statistics end remarks upon 'them we extract tie following: — 'Mylea'a1 Chrono logical History' in Bngland, Sate Lee's in the United State*, and Tjerman'a ' Modern Esti mate1 give ub 641 preachers and 1S4.S49 mem bers of our church at about the date of Wesley's death. It is quite curious what even pace our Ameiican figures kept with those in England proper. At the Conference before Wesley '« death England had 195 preachers, and the United States 108. England bad 68,000 litem bei*. and tbe United States 68,000. The American thcep were more widely scat tered, and only an Asbsry could find them. Referring to financial growth, he recorded the Marvellous fact that, whereas 100 years ago Metbodirm began without one penny of endow ment, new it wet the possessor of property re* pi cc ebting millions of money which it ? was bej end the power of any Government to se questrate, while it had a constituency of nearly 5,CO0,q0O. Methodists now numbered 4,762,914, exclusive of local teachers ; they had £4,453 lay minister?, £2,172 itinerant ministera, 69,161 schools, 677,000 teachers, and 4,no.000sobolars. The attendants on public worship in Methodist cbapela throughout the world was estimated as 23,CC0,t00. Biitieh Wesleyans consisted of 30,000 local preachers, 3,316 travelling preachers, 596528 members, 9,475 Sunday schools, 338,2*3 teachers, and 672,180 mIioIms. Other British Methodists had 23,546 local preacher*, SOUS travelling pneoherr, -456,031 member*, GJ03O Sunday schools, £6,975 teachers, and 71£07 scholars. The t! nited State* and Canada Episcopal Hefcho dhtf bad 25,680 local preachers. «3,888t»avijlliog preecher*, 8,404fiG0 members. 40,701 «tmday sehcols,S67,S9* reacbers,aod a.517^»4 scholars. ZiieUoiled States and Canada Non-Spisoopal Methodists bad 6&J; local preachetr, 3,475 ' traTellitg preachers, 306,086 membera, 3,855 Bon^ay-ichools, 34,930 teachers, and 279400 »cholats. Tbe Methodut Ohureh Booth has about 95 celkges and teminaries under it» care. Tfce Beard of Kdooatton ot tfae MaHaoliat Episcopal Church repotts 11 tbealogioal eemi nariea. 44 mlleges and oniversitlos, and 180 scminaiies and Iadiea* . eoUegea. ; The number' ol ttudenta is 'Sl.TJOO, and tbo total value b) sew dBUX'OOOJBOO.' The Kev. V. O. Oaborn. ?aoretaay ^British Veileyan-JoBfcreBCeatia--MIni-iiiaio*lnB ?Ith tbe BriHah Mottodist Conferpwe daring Uw last taadad xaaa tbe numken have iBcreuwi teorold. In the year 1780 they \were «bout S5Sil^»5K^^e^K . ctmtxksdthat 'The TCssIeyan Connexion was much more strict in the elass meeting test then i most o! the churches reporting sueh largo figures from the United States. I£ the tune principles which were applied by the Wedeyan Church or GennexioB apoa the elass meeting wen applied to file American (tatictiea bat ? chart period of tin would elapse before many of them ^rooWabrink in* marvellous nnuwer.'' Bishop Wood, a colored did, aaid the church he repre sented— the African Methodist Bpiseopal Zion (Munch— m en offshoot from John- street Ohnroh. in New York. He believed that ni the first church that was organised in America. In M86 the colored members of that ohuroh separated from it, and formed what was then called the African Methodist Episcopal Oharch. Their first ohnroh was called Zion, and from that the connexion bad been known as the Zion connexion. Owing te the small number of colored people in the eastern portion ol the United States in whioh it was organised, up to 1M4 they had not more than 15.000 member* all told. About that time they commenced working the south, and to-day thsy reported in the south ever 300,000 member*. They bad erected in the episcopal district over which he presided during the last fifteen years nearly fiOO ehnxehes. -That had been done fay a people just some from slavery. On the eighth dry of the Conference the Bev. T. S. tftthiDgtca, United Methodist Free Church, read a paper on '* Denominations! literature and its publication,' in which he gave a sketch of the eemestoesi of Wesley in providing and disseminating good literature, and ef the means taken by the Me thodist Church to oontinue the praotice. In urging the improvement of religion* litera ture be said they ought to avoid aiming at the impossible, and that their publications should be cheap, of the best possible quality, and attractive. From his most able address we ran only quote the opening passages : — ' Tne Press is a power more pecvadinf/, more varied in its aid, more permanent than any other educa tional agency. It instructs all classes, dictates to all classes, and is the sovereign of all realms. It is so restltrs, so meddlesome, so all-embracing, that it has to do with poetry and law, daily news and national history, the discoveries of science, the productions of art. In every department ef human endeavor its aid is sought, its approval earnestly desired. Among man's inventions it remains supreme, and it guides the creature who produced it. It is dreeded by tyranny more than a plague, because it opens to the ignorant and the enslaved regions if light and freedom. Were it to eeate to act man would cease to advance; it is as neoeasary to human pro gress as soil to the root, as light to the flower. The Press may he — and we know it has been— as powerful for evil as for good. The atresm which is pure in one district may be feculent and corrupt in another; speech may blaspheme as well as praise ; bat the stream continues pure at the spring, and the coarse wicked tongue may be taught to send forth seraphic lay*. Xhe press elevates Itself, cleanses itself ; it is ita own severe corrector and impar tial judge ; Thomas Paine wdelj attacks the Bible, and Bishop Watson reverently defends it; nothing, not even the living voioe, has more contributed to the advancement of Christianity than the press. It has brought all languages under tribute to itself, and has given divine truth, like a fresh element of life, to all coun tries. In the midst of violent political changes, the Wood of war, the decay ol nations, the press has preserved the Bible— the casket of heavenly jewels 5 extended the light of revela tion to remote lands of darkness and sorrow, giving to them the promise of spring, the beauty of summer; making the glorious gospel bread, high, and majestic as a mountain in the midst of the ruins of vice and error. * The grass withereth, the flower fadeth ; but the Word of the Lord endmeth forever.'' In the subsequent discussion the Bev. J. O. Antliff advocated the maintenance of the old practice of Methodist preachers selling goad nseful bosks. Dr. Newman enumerated a number of American authors who had contri buted to the religious literature of the day, and for whom he claimed a place on a level with the best Boglisb writers. Dr. McFarrin, of America, deprecated the publication under ehurch sanc tion of third or fourth rate works, aad created amusement by saying ' a great many people in bit country thought they oould edit a paper when they could do nothing else, and when a nun could not travel circuit any longer he thought he mutt go and edit a paper.' Several apeaktrs ezpret aed themselves in favsr of thepub licattanof religious light literature; but the ex president of the British Conference (fioy. E. B. Jenkiosj made a vigorous protest against it, sajing he utterly condemned religious novels, and the biinging the Holy Ghost and making him «c e of 1 he dramatis person:? of a novel. The Bev. O. K. Marshall, M.B. Churota, South, in an essay on 'The newspaper, and the use to be made of it by the church,'* sail that in the progress of modern times the press had kept pace with the marvellous advance in all depart ments of civilization, and that tbe church had been quick to recognise the value of the press and to avail itself of its aid. H« claimed for John Wesley the credit of having been 'the first man to write for the million and to publish so cheaply as to make his works accessible.' Tbe chief argument of the essay, however, was in favor of endowing religious papers. Orphan ages and hospitals, be said, were endowed ; why not endow a chucch newspaper? He stated that in America the secular newspaper had to some extent assumed the office of religious ad vocate and teacher to meet the growing demand for cheap religious literature. The Chicago Tines received the revised version of the New Testament by telegraph from New York, nearly ? thousand miles distant, putting it in type almost without a fault, and showering the 'lightning edition,' like the countless snow flakes of a winter's day, all over the Ameriosn continent before the church papers had read the Sermon on the Mount. The Bev. H. W. Holland, who has for many years been known as a correspondent for the lima, advocated the freedom of the press, ex claiming, ** Let a free press take its coarse in the free inttlleotual life of nations, for every new development and combination of human nature only tends to make more clear how thoroughly Christianity is prepared for every possibility of bnman existence.' The Bev. O. Gibson thought the secular press should be availed of and owned as far as possible by Christian men. Thus the tone of tee press in regard to church matters might be modified and controlled. Mr. Shaw referred to the feeling of hostility formerly existing amongst religious people against newspapers, and stated that on one occasion, when the Bev. D. MoNioolI was leaving London by coach, before be left he bought a newspaper. A brother wfco accompanied him to the eoaoh was very much astonished that a 'Weslejan minister should bny a newspaper, and he asked him the reason for making such a questionable purchase, when Mr. MoNiooll, with a great deal of sagacity and reverence, replied that he wanted to see what God was doing with the world. The Bev. A. O. Gbomsb objected to the pro posal to endow religions newspapers.and argued that if they were conducted with ability and enterprise there would be no need of endow ments. The remainder of tile ' Literature Day of the Conference ' was spent inadisouwion inaugurated by Dr. Osborn, of 'Methodist Bjmnology.' 