CITY CHURCHES AND PASTORS. No. XII. THE REV. R. M. HUNTER AT BROMPTON WESLEYAN CIICRCH. Last Sunday, not feeling much disposed for a walk to town, and hearing that the Rev. Robert Morris Hunter was to preach in the Brompton Wesleyan Church, we decided to pay it a visit, and present our readers with a sketch of its talented pastor. The Brompton Church is a plain, unpretentious building, but it is a solid and substantial-looking structure. We need scarcely inform our readers that Brompton forms a part of what is usually called the Archer-street circuit. It is the second place in the circuit, which embraces Salisburv, Modbury, Steventon, North Road, Walkerville, and Prospect. The number of members in the circuit is 455, with 49 upon trial. In the various Sunday-schools 1,240 scholars are being taught by 128 male and female teachers. Financially Brompton has done well duriDg the past year. The total amount raised for all purposes was £1,540, and of this large sum £1,075 was for the reduction of debt on the church. But to return to the subject of our sketch. Two hundred miles north of Adelaide we had heard Mr. Hunter's merits as a preacher discussed, and the opinion expressed that he was one of the most able ministers of the Connexion. Our curiosity was excited so much that on our return to town we resolved to hear him for ourselves. We have now heard the rev. gentleman twice, and can truthfully say that on both occasions we have not only been pleased, but also delighted. He possesses a good appearance—some would even call bim handsome. His voice is all that can be desired in a public speaker, and he has evidently acquired the art of managing it well. If he does not present his hearers with great and original thoughts, he can, nevertheless, dress up old and well-recognised truth in language which is both forcible and elegant. Like all Wesleyan preachers we have heard, Mr. Hunter preaches extempore, but his sermons are evidently prepared with great care. He does not give to his audience that which has cost him little or no trouble. Every sentence bears the mark of thoughtful study. Both head and heart have been equally encaged in their production, and the result is that his sermons are greatly above mediocrity, and are always listened to with pleasure and profit. He has already ministered in some of the best Circuits of Methodism, and as he is still young, we venture to predict tnat higher honors yet await him. He has only to give His intellect fair play to become one of the most popular or Wesleyan preachers. On the occasion of our visit to Brompton, the service commenced in the usual manner. A hymn was given out, andwas capitally sung by both choir and congregation. The lady who presides at the Wmnnium both plays and sings with great taste. Ihe ieSs S were the 72nd Psalm and the 2nd chapter of the Epistle to P the Mppians. The prayer which followed was characterised by much simplicity and great earnestness. The present lamentable condition of Ireland was specially mentioned, and prayer offered on her behalf. He asked God to heal all her wounds, and restore peace to her borders. The text was taken from the Gospel by Mark xvi. 15 —" And He said unto them, Go ye into all the world and preach the Gospel to every creature." It was, he remarked, the last time of our Lord's appearing to His disciples. There were, no doubt, many more present on this deeply interesting occasion than his eleven more intimate followers. St. Paul had told them that Jesus, after his resurrection, was seen of above five hundred brethren at once, and it was perfectly natural to suppose that the greater part of this goodly number would be there. It is certain that all the apostles were there except Judas. They were receiving the last words of Jesus, for even while speaking He was received up into heaven, and sat down on the right hand of God. Last words were generally most impressive, and were generally solemn and sacred. Looking from the heights of Bethany towards Jerusalem He thought of the souls to be won ; and looking abroad upon the world sunk in wickedness, He turns to His followers, and says, " Go ye into all the world, and preach the Gospel to every creature." Our duty was made quite plain. We must first of all get ourselves saved; and secondly, we must remember the souls of others, and try to get them saved. In dwelling upon this commission, we are met by the enquiry, to whom was this command given ? It is a prevalent idea that apostles, bishops, and clergy are the only ones to preach. But we must remember that men and women were alike present when Christ spoke these words. To the men and women of the Church is committed the task of spreading the Gospel. On the day of Pentecost the apostles were there, but there were also men and women, and they also were filled with the Holy Ghost, and began to speak with tongues, as the spirit gave them utterance. When persecution set in they were scattered abroad. In stirring up this persecution, Satan committed a grand mistake, for wherever they went they told the story of the cross, and thus became preachers of the word of life. Every man and woman cannot stand up and preach a sermon; but they can and ought to work for Christ. In early times it was simply going about and telling others all they knew about Christ. They did not give learned expositions; they were not needed, nor are they always needed now. The mother who teaches her boy to lisp the name of Jesus; the Sunday-school teacher who gathers the children around him for religious instruction; the tract distributor who goes from house to house leaving at every door those silent messengers—are all fulfilling this Divine command. Whenever and wherever any man or woman speaks a word for Jesus they are obeying the order of Christ—" Go ye into all the world, and preach the Gospel to every creature." The estimated population of the world was about 1335,000,000, and millions upon millions of these were idolators, practising the'most debasing rites and cherishing the grossest superstitions. It was to the Church's shame that she had not better fulfilled her mission. Debased as they are, however, they can, and in numerous instances have been raised. Men like Mr. Gow Jukufifar and Baboo Punchanon Biswas are living proofs of this. Their fathers were idolaters, but their sonB came to Christ, and they were now noble specimens of what the Bible can do. It was to be feared, however, that we often thought more of the heathen than about those surrounding us. There was the Sunday-school; there were our neighbors, and friends, and children. The command is to preach to individuals. We must listen to, and obey it. To be permitted to work for God was a high honor. Would it not have been an honor to have assisted God in the great work of creation ? An angel would have thought so; but here is God calling us to a higher honor. All worlds are decaying, but human souls must for ever remain. The grandest work a man can do is to develop intellect and be instrumental in saving souls. This will bring us a gloriou6 reward. He did not read that rich men would shine as the brightness of the firmament; but he did read that "The teacher shall shine as the brightness of the firmament; and they that turn many to righteousness, as the stars for ever and ever." Could we ever forget the joy we had when instrumental in bringing a soul to Jesus. And then there was much to encourage us. All power is given to Christ. The power of Satan or of wicked men is as nothing to His power. His is the power of omnipotence, wisdom, and love. It is the presence of the Almighty Christ that gives the word power. Let us, then, in our various spheres of action, do our work manfully, and help to redeem the world from ignorance and sin. If we did that God would bless the labor of our hands and establish our work upon us. , „ We understand that Mr. Hunter's term of office expires with first Sunday in April, when he will remove to Moonta. He has our best wishes for happiness and prosperity in his new field of labor. 