THE ABDUCTED. 'No, sir,' replied the countess, reddening; 'when I had reason to dread that my secret might be sus pected I went, ostensibly for change of air (for my health was much impaired by dread of dis covery, terror of my father, and the upbraidings of my conscience for deceiving him — I went, professedly, to stay with several different friends, but in reality only on a visit to a lady who had been my governess, to whom I owned my secret, and who, in my trouble, acted throughout as a mother by me. She left Yorkshire, when my con finement approached, with me and took lodgings. in Brompton; and in Montpelier-square, Bromp ton, my first child, the prisoner at the bar, was born. This secret never passed my lips till I un folded it to the counsel for the defence, and I now proclaim it to the world ! But there was & person who, by constant 'watching, discovered I was a a mother, and in the course of time he found out, too, that I had been privately married. Of him won. When I was recovered from my confine ment, I returned home, having first arranged with my child's wet-nurs8, Flora Piitter, a girl wlio bad been unfortunate and recently confined, to con vey the child to Woodhurst Court, and put it in its bassinette in at a. window which I took care to leave open. The plan succeeded ; no shadow ol iuepicioa fell on me. Yet was I internally miserable, a prey to terror and remorse unutter able. It was Gaspar llountjoy, my cousin, vrho was himself a suitor for my hand, who had, I afterwards found, discovered nay secret, worked upon my father's fear to send my husband abroad, where he was accidentally drowned. ; end not only from insane jealousy of my love for the supposed foundling, but because a legitimate child of mine must stand between him and the heritage he coveted, he, as you have heard, hired wretches to carry off the daughter I dared not own and yet loved so well. He worked on my excitable, ner vous temperament by most adroitly personating the Ghost ot the Blue Chamber ; and produced, I doubt not now, by the aid of chemistry, appearances that seemed to my morbid fancy revelanons from t'he unseen world. And here, even while I own my my secret, I -would raise iny voice in condemna tion of my own conduct, and in warning to all young women who are tempted by their lovers' or their own hearts, and those coward tears which are the parents of lies, to act clandestinely -nor can 1 lose this solemn opportunity of pointing out to parents and husbands the danger of frightening away confidence by the tarrors qf their law. My secret has been the curse of my life, but I have re vealed it now. Yes, let the world hear it; the prisoner at the bar is my legitimate daughter ! Oh, that my coble husband had lived to hear me own it. i fear he suspected she was my child — a child not born in wedlock — and that he thought I had brought dishonour to his house — his name ! Oh, that he had lived to hear me say Mary — Mary Kijerton — is my legitimate cMid, and my only deception arose from dread of my father, and from my then lover, Lord Beaudesert, having said in sport 'he would never marry a widow.' This was my Teason for not confessing to him — 8B 1 do now to the world— that when lie married me I was notlliss Woodhurst, but Mrs. Egerton !^ Oh, that he had lived to hear me own the truth !' 'He does, he doss!' cried a mnaly voice, as a gentleman— who had bedU in court some minutes —tali, wasted, and travel- stained, rushed forward, with a child — a boj-, beautiful as Cuyid's self, in his arms. 'Mina, my lore, my ?vrife ! I am aliVe to bless you ; to hear from your own lips that you are pure. I was taken prisoner, dearest, but not killed. I have made my way back to you at last ; aua see what 1 have with me ! — our boy ! He, too, lives ! He, too, is here to bless you, my llina. Look up, my love ! 1 am your long-lost Beau desert ! and this ia our darling, our boy, our Richard!' The child called out, ' Manama, dear mamma,' then sizing, round, and seeing Alary in tha dock, he stretched out his arms, aud said, 'Mary! Mary I coma to Dicky! Why is Mary so pale ? Why does she cry ? Why has she a railing round her ?' ' Hy Jove, my wife !' cried the earl, ' come to these arms. I have escaped death in many ways. L have been a prisoner ; I have been confined for years as a madman ; I have been ship-wrecked ; but all is forgotten now, now that you are mine agaiu, and that I know that no dishonour clouds your name — our name.' j3i.it miua heard him cot; the overflow of happi rv-.-s, th9 ecstaey thai ere now has killed those .v!jo have outlived extremes of grief and despair, .vere too much lor the long-mourniDg wife vnci. mollies, and she fell forward ia a death-like =w-icn. Of the confusion that ensued no words can con vey an idea. The countess was carried to an ate ruom, where the earl, kneeling beside her, pillowed her head on hi6 breasts By the j udge's order Mary was realeased. Th e trial, oi' course, was at an end ; and the boy — the noble boy ! — was inherarms. The result of the trial soon got wind, and the populace, shouting aloud ' Loag live Mary !' re solved to bear her in triumph. awaj\ The countess by degrees recovered bur senses, and awoka to a happiness no pen can describe. 'Charles Linden, congratulated on all sides, even by the judge and the counsel for the prosecution, at length got free from them- all, and clasped to his heart the pearl he had won so nobly, dei ended so bravely. Yes, he won her W6ll. and mav he wear her long. Great precautions were necessary to enable Mary to return to Woodhurst Court without being' followed by an excited aud triumphant mob, who had taken the horses from the countess's carriage, in order to drag Mary home to the hotel. But our | party escaped unnoticed in the judge's carriage, which he proffered for the purpose, and with four post-horses they were soon on their way to Wood hurst court, with our heroine snd their restored darling. On the road the countess could never weary of hearing the details of ber idolised Beaudesert's capture, impiisoment, and hair-breadth 'scapes. It seemed he had lent a shirt and other clothes to a brothas-officer o£ his own age and not unlike him, who fell in the battle of the Aima, his face blown to pieces, and that the body was supDosed, owing to the crest on the linen and pa-pers fn the pocketsto bethatof toe Eearl of Beaudesert, the earl the while, grievously wounded, having been carried off by some Russians, who, instead of killing, tended him with care, for a Russian vivandiere fancied in him a likeness to her first lover. A brain-fever ensued, and he was supposed to be in sane, and on the return of theTem.na.nt of the Rus sian army, was confined accordingly, his assertion of his being the Earl of Beaudesert being looked upon as a proof of his insanity. He effected his escape from his mad-house, hnd travelled, Heaven knows how ! in rags and beggary, by slow degrees, to Boulogne, and in a wretched pot-house there having esen in a newspaper the account of the sup posed murder of his eon, his anxiety to return to his home aud his bereaved Mina increased a thousandfold. It was in thiB low pot-home that Cussing Kit and Mad Mike concealed themselves and the stolen heir of Beaudesert, disguised as 'a girl. They looked on the tattered earl as 'a foreigner; he wore an old blouse and a beard of very ancient growth, and they spoke freely before him in English. They ieftfibe child tied to a bea rail while they went to get tipsy in tb© fair, and they were no sooner gone than the earl forced 'open the door of the wretched garret whm-e his child lay, and knew ais idolised Mina'c boy and his own. He carried him off at onca unheeded ; all the lower orders were at the fair. He betook him to the hou3« of a Danker who had known him well, who recognised him at length, in eplte of hie rags, his beard, and his blouse, believed his story, and gave him funds to proceed at once to England with his child. ' You know the rest, my darling,' he said ; * but now tell me, why you did not own to m«, even if not to y out lather, that you had been married to Oswald Egerion j' ? You said yon would never marry a widow, Beaudoaert.'aaidthecountesfl blushing/ ' Ah, but t&en; I had no idea you w^re one. I would hare married you, beloved, had you been thrice a widow; but what is the uproar?' he crj«d, as Woodhurat Court appeared, in all its antique beauty, before them. * Bow-Btreet officers —policemen in pursuit — '-' ?Of Gaspar!' cried the countess, turning pale. 'See ! wsb! they gain upon him! he has reached the Court P he. rushes in I Ob, how dreadful !' ? Stop here, my lore,' said, tbe earl, as the car riage approached the entrance, ' while I go and learn the result.* He hurried away, he rushed up-staire ; the officers of justice were in advance of him. Gaspar Uad reached the entrance of the Haunted Wing; he has escaped them so far ; he has Blammed tbe door and locked it ; they force it open, they rush along the corridor, the earl follows ; they are- at the door of the ante-room, of the Blue Chamber ; they break it in. Gaspar turns round fora moment at bay, as it were, takes a pistol from his breast, and before any hand can interpose, holds it to his moutb, fites, and falls to the ground. His blood spurts over the portrait of hiBancestor, the deformed Cavalier, whose ghost-is supposed Ut haunt the Blue Chamber, and at the foot pf vhosa picture Gaspar fell, dropping a key*aa1i* did bo. He had b§«n, when thepoiies entered the room, on the point of escaping to the subterranean passage. The turning to & narrow night of stairs ia now dis covered, concealed behind th* picture, which re Volves. Aa It doea so, th* detectives descend '. ne narrow «t*trs,and their quick ey«s.atonceperc»..ve on removing an old worm- eaten chest, the outline, of a tr&p-door;, wbish raised, another flight of stepa is men, and at the bottom a small door in the thick wa.lL The key Gaspar dropped is applied to the key-hole, and tha long-lost eatraacs to the sub terranean passage is discovaied, and them, too, is a closet in which is tk« disguise in -which Gaspar had played the put of the ghost ; the flowing wig, the Court dress, the material for blue lights and dissolving views, and the whole machinery V)£ imposture. The wretched man was not quite dead. He lingered in an unspeakable agony for a whole day &nd; night, a hideous spectacle, and as well as his shattered roof permitted them to understand him, he confessed the murder of Woodhurst of Wood hurst and Flora Piitter. Enough of him. Whether he repented or not none can tell, but that he was punished as he de served few will deny. CHAPTE2 LXXI. Serenly mild, and strict in duty, Jack finds his wife a perfect beauty. — Goldsmith. We have now only to turn from the dark record ot the murderer's end to two scenes— one in a humble home in Camberwell. the other at Beau desert Castle. In Camberwell Mr. Bussel, who, during his wife's long absence, has been a good deal under the influence of some brother clerks of independent spirit, is celebrating the glorious acquittal of Mary, and the return of the earl and his eon, by a dinner party, a dance, a dance apd a eupper. The little house is illuminated. Sally and Ann, with several male and female friends, a ' young man' each, and a hired waiter to help, are in new dresses and new caps, with pink ribbons — a present from old Busse!, who has ceceived fingered, and appropriated a large bonus from the Argus, where he has ;been insured for forty years. The dinner went off gloriously — so did the tea, and coffee — the danca is at its height both in the drawing-room and the kitchen ; a little band of three musicians up-starrs and an old iiddle down stairs, are filling the house with merriment, and i£r. Bussel is dancing a country dance on his broad toes, and going down the middle with a brother clerks wife, his arm round her waist (both Bussel and his friend were clerks in SSmerset House, retired on a pension). At this moment a cab stopped at the door ; a thundering knock was heard, and Mrs. Bussel in her travelling dress, rusted up-stair s. 'Now, Bussel, stand firm,' said poussette, his brother clerk. 4 Now don't show the white feather/ said Mrs. Poussette. Bussel had taken a good deal of wine and punch. Bussel was a new man ! Mrs. Bussel rushed at him, caught him by the collar as he was setting to Airs. Pousette, and cried, ' What do you mean, you old reprobate, by turning my house into a bear- garden ?' 'Hands off, ilrs. B.!' said old Bussel. ? You mistake ; this house is mine, and I'm its master. I have given this dance to celebrate the happy events at Woodhurst and Beaudesert, and the glorious acquittal of Mary ! Go on, musicians, strike up.' ?At your peril a note morel' cried Mrs. Bussel. But the musicians struck up, and ,Mr. Bussei footed it merrily with Mrs. Poussette, Mrs. Buesel rushing into the back drawing-room to throw her self on the sofa in a fit of hysterics. * Now/ whispered Poussette, * now's your time. Close the door and lock her in, and only let her out on conditions honourable to yourself? Bussel, under the influence .of wine, punch, and Poussette, obeyed. Airs. Bussel was locked in. Mrs. Bussel shouted,, screamed, cried murder ! fire ! police ! and Sir Cressweil Cressweli, in vain. On went the merry dance, and supper was announced. Then did oid Bussel once more propose an am nesty in these words, speaking through, the key hole; 'Mrs. Bussel, I'm quite willing to let you have all the power in this house which a sensible wife should have, on condition that you recognise me as its master. Let me be king of the house hold and be you its queen ; but I will henceforth be master ot my own actions and my own money, and am quite willing that you should be so ot yours. Agree to this, and we are friends ; refuse, and we part for ever.' ' Li9t me out/ sobbed Mrs. Bussel. ? I agree !' And Bussel, opening the door, received her in his arms; and after supper, danced 'Sir Eoger de Coveriey' with her. One other event of some importance happened about this time. Old Mother Pike, Jawing Jem, Mad Mike, and Cussing Kit were assembled to carouse, with some of their ill-gotten gains, in the old rat-hole of a house near the Tower, from which Mary had escaped in the boat. Moonlight M.6g was not with them ; she had remained at Woodhurat after the trial. Those wretches danced and drank — drank and danced — liiJ, all at once, tbe old house gave wray — tbe iloor sank in, the roof fell, and they wereaU buried beneath the ruins, save Jawinc Jem, who escaped with a broken thigh. Captain Jinks ieft England for America, and theie* lives a reformed lite. Clara Bell was not married — that was an invention of Gasper's— and in tbe end became the wife of Jinks, who had loved her so devotedly, and had come into an uncle's property. ****** And now our readers must attend us to Beau. ' desert Castle, and to a wedding there. It is June, all the llowers are in bloom ; the bells are ringing, and the bride has just entered draw ing-room. How lovely she is ! How well the orange-wreata becomes the golden ripples of those profuse tresses! How beautiful she blushes, through that spiendid Brussels lace veil. This veif, and the pearls that adorn the bride, were the earlV gift. How pale with passionate dsiight and deep^ emotion is her lover, Charles Linden 1 How one of her bridesmaids, Hortense Vnnderleur, smiles on handsome young bridesman she is to marry, when he is of age, Sir Frank Morris. How nobJe, how happy, and how loving are the Earl and* Countess oi Beaudesert ; and how beautiful the. dear boy, who will hold Mary's hand ! All hap piness attend thee, sweet bride and noble bride groom! The lovers repair on goot through the park, along a flower-strewn path, to tbe old grey church ; —they are wedded ! A blessing on their happy hearts and their united hands ! ^ A fete in the park has assembled all the humbler friends ot Mary. The Mayflowers were of course there ; and old long-backei Kezvah, the kitchen maid of Wouahurst Court, her first dry-nurse; and Flora FJitter's son, Co&t; to the Maj flowers as iEhe wore their own, is dressed all in bian new. Piicebe Mayflower and her John were among the happiest and most honoured of those humble guests. Lady Beaudesert shakes hands with Phoebe, and Mary embraces Tier fondly. ' Ah, my lady/ said Phoebe, blus&iag; crimson, and looking very handsome, ' Haven't my dreams and my John's come true P Wasn't we always a dreaming Mary'd come backs' ' Ay, and didn't 1 b\f, mr lady/ said John May flower, th&t; the G&?at o: the Blue Chamber wor at the bottom of it ail— nnd worn'tna.af Jorefrjr ion, at the bottom of it alt ? Not thac Ws p.-st ni'm; to be tbe ghost, my !«'*iy, proTe th«t there ain't no real Ghost of the Blue Chamber. ' I kaowa better, and so do mother. Taint because ay Phoebe's -picture ain't ahe that there aiii't ;no Pho3be,my lady.' 'Certainly not/ said the countess, trailing, as Phojba tried to silence her busbuad, w?oeet:ned to her to be making too free ; 'bet wb»t you c il the real Ghost of the Blue Chamltr, Jotn, never did us any harm and never, -will. He's shut up now in the 'Haunted Wing— there let M-a «tav 1* New was a merrier fete cJiamyef re, never was a bride more lovely than Mary. Toddles tt^d his daughter Nan, and Moonlight Meg, were among those who, when tile briCe and bridegroom appeared Bide by side at the banquet, spread In the park, set up a wild hurrah, and ex claimed, ' Long live tbe noble pair 1' Long live Mr. and. Mrs. Charles Linden!3 Long live Mary and her true lover!' ?I'HB BND. 