AUNT 'CDSTDA'S BANCH. _ Txbbb was plenty of game in the neigh- , bburhood of Aunt 'Cinda's Banch, as we had been told; bat our informant had neglected to state that it was also one of the dreariest places on earth. Far as the eye could: reach in every direction lay only prarie, prairie, prairie— treeless and fiat, with; short, trivial grass, and over the face of it ! all, that, indescribable tawny blur, pecn- , liar to the «utlying Kansas fplains. The little level river in front of the ranch had no banks, and flowed sluggishly; the ranch iUelf was a four-roomed cabin of melan cholly adobe, flanked by a stone corral, in which were awkward racks and troughs for horses. The interest and excitement of ourshasea after' antelopes; -jack-rabbits, and occa sionally a wandering buffalo, served to kill time for us daring the day, but when even ing came and we returned to the ranch, tired out and thinking of home, the sense of exile became almost painf uL The fact that the ranch waa a stage station, where a brief halt war made for supper, alone re deemed it from titter desolation, for this gave us our sole glimpses of the distant world, in the faces and conversation of the passengers, with now and than a stray news paper. We used to stand watching the slow andgoigeous sunsets with a pretty pretense of admiration, when, in reality, our thoughts ware bent upon eatobing sight of the first ourl of dust that should denote the approach ing stage. The passengers were not always either attractive or communicative, but all the same we hailed them warmly ; and when they left, the horizson seemed swiftly to widen, and the stars to creep further upward in the high, inhospitable sky. It was at snoh empty times that we turned ? forlornly to our associates of the ranch — to ; the landlady, Aunt 'Oinda M'Millan, and the swarthy Mexican and his wife, who were in her service. The resource was an, unprofitable one at first; but gradually we found Aunt 'Oinda to be a character worth knowing, and you may be sure we left no artifice untried to win from her all she had; to tell. She was robust, strong-featured,; and about forty-five years old ; there were : streaks of grey in her heavy black hair, a : few wrinkles in her cheeks; her eyes had; an alert and seeking look, such as you see [ in the eyes of persons who live much alone. Sometimes, when she grew animated, and a fleeting smile came to her aid, we could . believe that in her girlish days she had lacked but little— say merely a change of month— to make her pretty. But it was : her story, and not herself, that mainly held our attention and encouraged our in- - quiries; indeed, she usually appeared, when recounting the strange incidents of her history, to be talking of someone else, so free from vanity was she, and so candid. She had been reared, we learned, in the Boone's Lick country, in. Missouri, and there had Aaron M'Millan known and wooed her. The memory of her courtship was very vivid to her, and she dwelt, upon it with lingering fondness. ' Aaron was'nt the purtiest man in the world, by long odds,' she would say ; ' he was lightoom plected, and had sandy beard, and freckles; but he was jest as good as ever they make 'em. I disremember how 'twas that he fust begun keepin' company with me. Ther* was likelier gals than me in the settlement: Lucy Walker, for one, that Bang alto and played onto the melodeon ; and Samanthy Pettis, that had money in ber own right, an1 — seeh little taperin' feet, an' she liked to show 'em, too. But Aaron an' me, we both |tuk a shine t' each other, an' he didn't 'pear 's if hekeered a button for any o' the balance of 'em. 'Cindy,' he used to say, ' some gals is party and high ateppin', an* aome is handy about bakun' an* weavin' an' seoh, an' some is peartin l'arnin'; but if s the average as counts, 'Cindy.' Til never forgit that, not if I live a thousan'years. It'* the average as counts ;' I can a'most hear him savin* that now. He used to come to *ee me every other Sunday, rain or shine, an' when the' waa a moon, he'd take me to meetin', over to the^Ohapel, four mile away. The OattpbeUites an' Methodis' used to have union meetin's there, an' revivals, an' shoatin.' Aaron's folks was Oampbellites, an1 he leant that way, and mine was Baptis'. But we didn't never argy* about religion. Bletsfyou, no.' Tnetf she would detail to us, bit by bit, the eunent of their closer talks together, as they rode homeward from church, or sat upon the poroh behind the morning-glories. It could hardly be oalled love-making. Aunt 'Oinda herself termed it ?? eparkin',' and even that sounded too hectic far an in teroourae that bad in it apparently so little of passion — so small a chance of heart-break. But perhaps beneath that calm surface, beyond grasp of expression, had throbbed a wealth of reverent and tender preference that waa worth everything else in life — tkese simple, undemonstrative natures ao frequently shame the best of love's ex amples with their anguaaaed and quiet power. Certainly, this humble woman, no longer young, and living over again that far-off dream, still kept her faith, and made a- royal comfort of it. And yet, bo far aa we could ascertain, ber matter-of-fact, Aaron had bat once, in all their courtship, ventured to kiss her. ' I'll never forgit it, not to my dyin' day,'' ahe said. ' It was of a Sunday night, the last Sunday in September, oat by the gate, as he was goin' away. We'd been a-taltin' of things aa furrin as could bs to spaikin', an' all of a aadden, like'e if he'd been possessed, he put his face close up to mine, and — I declare to gracious, I couldn't 'a' been worse sa'priaed it he'd 'a' hit me. * Land sakae, Aaron !' I screamed. An' the next minute I snickered right out. I couldn't help it for aeeia' how flustered he was, and kind o' ondeoided. I vow, I Vlieve he thought he'd miffed me; bat he hadn't. Lordy, lardy, it comes back to me jest like 'twas only yisterday.' Then she dropped Jier head, and her fingers twitched at her apron, as she added, in a deprecating tone : ' You 'ana 'U think I'm soft, I expect ; but I can't help it. I can't forget some things.' The tears in her~eyes Baid as much, and more. They were married in time,! we eame to know, and went te housekeeping ; but they were poor ; they had to rent land ; bad luck followed their planting, and finally, Aaron determined to go west with the; Santa F$ freighters, many of whom, once *B poor as foiiEP*)^ frflfl hflBi known jtft return tfnrn foft* ; Aunt 'Oinda ; 'he was alien dreadful sot in his ways, an' couldn't be coaxed ag'in' the grain. That was his weak spot; everybody has one, you know. It was a'most too much for me to see him start off on seoh a journey, but I made myself think it would turn out for the best; and I knowed he'd come back.' Two years passed, however, and he did not return, nor did she hear aught from him, except that he had duly reached Santa F6. A third year, almost, dragged away without eight or tidings of him, and then she resolved to move out into Kansas, along the route he had taken — 'so'a to be nigher to him,' she told us, ' an' meet him as he come home.' And so ahe had been pushing on from place to place, through hardship and danger, by the great trail acroBs the plains, until now she could see, on a clear day, the outlines of the mountains that »he knew he most pass over ou his way eastward. She had supported herself by oooking and wash ing for the freighters, and caring for the Bick who fell in her way, and at length had contrived, after years of 'scrimpin' an' dickerin',' as she described it, to secure this isolated ranohv where ihe dispensed hot meals at a dollar each, including soda biscuits and the accompaniment of a real table-cloth. And here she waited, watch ful aHd patient, for the truant husband. 'He's sur« to come/'. she would say, 'and I can't miss him ; 'twouldn't su'prise me to have him drop in any day.' -ShV scanned the faces of the alighting* passengers from the stage every evening with habitual eagerness, and yet a trifle timidly, as if doubtful about the kind of reception he would give her ; indeed, she said once : *' I dnnno bat if 11 rile 'im to meet ap with me so saddenb away out here, an' Viim athink in' I'm in Missouri; may be I hadn't orter 'a' come.' Every -day some special dish was cooked as he had been wont to prefer it; the best bed, in a xoom by itself, was kept always vacant for him ; regularly, each afternoon, ahe would unloose her abundant hair, and gatner it into a long, thick braid, after the obsolete fashion of her girlhood, and tie it with a scrap of ribbon— because v Aaron liked it better that way.' The faot that she had reoeived but one letter from him in all the long years did not seem so unaccountable after she informed us that, owing to .early neglect, he was 'onhandy with a pen,' and generally had his writing done by proxy. In strict truth, he probably oould not write a word. 'But be knows figgers jest as naf ral as kin be,' she hastened to plead for him, ' an' I never seed the steer or hog 'at he couldn't guess the heft of nigh onto a few pound ; an' nobody could ever beat 'im a-cipherin1 out Corn in the crib.' She refused, also, to confess a moment's uneasiness as to his personal safety ; both his absence and his silence failed to disconcert her. ' He kin take keer of hisself anywheres,' she declared, with evident pride, 'aa' if he's done got hurt or made way with, I'd have some wamin' of it, in a dream or somethin.'. But I ain't bad's much as a sign in the coffee groan's to make me afeared. Of course he'll come back. What, in the world would he stay away for?' It was idle to dispute suohJrust, even silently. Not only that, it was impossible to avoid sharing it, and soon it became as much our habit as it was hers, to look from day to day for the coming of the absent husband. So minutely did she talk ef him that we believed we should recognise him at sight ? in fact, we felt so sure of this, and expecta tion came to be so fidgety with us that of ton, when the weather was fair, we would stroll out for miles on our ponies to meet the stage and get an earlier glance at the oooupants, hoping thus to spy Aasou, and gallop back to Aunt. 'Oinda with the good news ef his ap proach. Such was our thought, our talk, as we cantered leisurely along the trail one quiet evening, and, rounding a curve, came meeting a single queer, oovered waggon, drawn by exen, and creaking piteously. Inside the vehicle lay a man, with pallid faoe and long, straggling whiskers, who. raised himself en his elbow to salute us, and then sank down again with an expression of pain ; near his side slept a baby ; the wife and mother sat in front; on a tilting seat, guiding '.'the critters' with a well-worn Mexican goad. It was a novel eight, and provoked at once both curiosity and sympathy. We forgot about the stage, we forgot about Aaron ; and whan the baby awoke presently, and put its tiny fiats to its cheeks and gazed at us in shy, debating wonder— is if trying to identify us with something seen in its just-vanished dream — we almost ceased to realise the great, far- stretching and empty periphery of desert, a child was such a godsend there. 'Yes,' said the woman, as we wheeled about, and rode beside the waggon, with our ponies rained in to suit the alow salt of the oxen, ' Tes, 1 think she's a toler'ble nice baby, myself. We call her Gutie, but her name's Adaline, aame'e mine. Be named her'— indicating the pale and silent father, whose thin fingers clutched the -child' a frock protecfclngly. ' Has your husiaad been sick long ?' 'More'n a month,' the man answered, 'Bat Tm plckin' up now. I ain't nigh ao porely as I was back in the valley. If I could only gat ahet o' thase rhaumatii, I'd be all right. It's the rheumatiz more'n any thing etaa.' 'It's the mount'n fsver,' remarked the woman, in a kindly whisper; and then, speaking aloud and cheerily, 'Tes, he'a doin* splendid now,' she continued, 'an* don't need nathin* but to keep quiet, 'less it nought be wild cherry bitters, if we had 'em. W'y, two weeks ago, he was jest plain akin and bones. His own mother wouldn't 'a* knowed him.' ' I seed my ehaddet on the gran one day,' the man called oat, with a grim chuckle, 'an'.itskeertme.' He did not speak again, except in an undertone to the restless child, daring the hour or more that we plodded along to. gether; but the woman was talkative, and we gleaned from her, by easy degrees, that they had been living in New Mexico, and were now on their way hack to 'God's country,' east of the plains, ' everlastingly put out,' as ahe expressed it, 'with the greasers, an' their lazy, triflin', goodfor nothin* ways.' She had lost one husband there, 'shot fey the sneaMn' Apachea,' and married another, and there Cutie had been born; and they milked goates there, and tied pigs to stakes, and bad no society, and no rain ; and so on and so on. 'It's jest too ornery to talk about,' she exclaimed, and then went on talking about it faster than ever ; and only our arrival at the ranch cut short her fluent and sneering dis closures. At sight of us, Aunt 'Cinda oame hurry ing forward. 'For pity's sake!' she said, and waited to be told what it all meant. We repeated briefly what facts we had gathered concerning the traveller*, not omitting the b&by;, and laying some stress upon the man's illness. ?' A sick man ?' answered Aunt 'Cinda. ' Fetch him right in. An' the baby, -too, i an' the woman — all of 'em,' she insisted, ' and turned to lead the way, murmuring to herself, in a pleased manner, ' Goodness gracious, a baby 1' ? The sick man rose withja sudden effort, and sat upright. The dusk had thickened and the stars were coming but, and the path ?^— ==» ? ? ? — served; the*!! be too many of us.' And then, glancing skyward, -- It's a-going to be fcpurty night,' he added, and dropped back upon his pallet. Aunt 'Oinda hesitated, listened, faeed about, and slowly returned. The mother had' just climbed down from heir uncertain seat, and was holding the baby in her arms while she clumsily adjusted her skirts. With a soliciting gesture, but without speaking, Aant 'Oinda took the child, and, stepping aside, turned its little surprised face to the stars and gazea upon it fixedly— wishing it ware hers, we imagined. ' Ton eunnin' little darlin',' she said, directly, and handed it back in the same peculiar, impulsive manner. Then she moved forward « few short paoes, and stood, with bowed head, very close to the waggon. The sick man must have heard her, for immediately, almost, he was sitting up 'again, -leaning oat over the waggon-side. Her face, as she lifted it, touched his; there was a flattering inBtantfs pause; she grasped his hand : ' If yo«. ain't Aaron McMillan, you're his ghost!' ??*- , ; We hastened to them. She had an arm; about his neck, now, and his head was upon her shoulder. In the starlight he looked \ to be sleeping. ' :. -, ' Don't you knew me, Aarou ?' -ahe said, fervently; ' Oh, don't you know ma r' .The man opened his eyes with a curious ' start, and regarded her a minute like one amaaed : ' They told me— you was dead— 'Cindy.*' He, spoke slowly, in a choked and wavering tone, and made a motion as it to lie down again. - ''But I ain't dead, Aaron,'- ur;ed Aunt 'Cinda, tightening her hold upon hint, and stroking his temples ;' I ain't dead, don t you see? I'm right here by you, aa* a holdin' your nan'. I coma away out hern tomett you, Aaron. -Ain't you glad to see me ? It's been so long. Don't be mad at me, Aaron, don't. I couldn't stau' it to stay there, when every step I took I got lonesomer an1 lonesomer, an* it 'paared to me's if you got furder and furder off. But I knowed you'd oome back ; and sometimes, Aaron, sometimes—-' ' Stop, 'Oindy, stop !' he interposed, with startling abruptness. ' Tou don't know what a fix I'm in.' . But she did know— had we not told her, could she not see ?— that he was very ill, and weak and nervous ; and he seemed to guess her thought, for in the next braath he «aid, ' I don't mean the sickness ; ' and then, ' pointing a finger in the direction of the mother and child, he added : ' That's my baby, yonder, 'Cindy.' He waited for her. to reply ; he looked up into her faoe imploringly ; but she said not a word. Surely she had heard him ; did she not understand? He waited a moment longer. Then he glanced again at her face, again pointed to the mother and child, and ; suddenly, with woe- begone but blunt and cruel foroe, exclaimed: « 'Oindy, I- Tver-got another wife !' She did not soream, poor woman, nor faint, nor stir. The ^voioe of the child broke the stillness, at length, with a quick, impatient call, like the chirp of a hungry bird. And then Aunt 'Oinda carefully released her arm from about his neck, and tamed her head away, and hid her faoe with her hands, and sobbed ! ' Oh, Aaron, Aaron, Aaron !' The sight was not one fer strange or acci dental eyes, and we retired, my- companion and L to a respectful distance. What more was said we ceuld not know, but they con versed there together for several minutes, the three of them — not agrily nor loudly, but very earnestly— and two or three times we detected the shrill voice of the child's mother above the others, as if in special entreaty. Our hearts involuntarily want out to Aunt 'Oinda, and yet there was the ahrfnfcing mother with her baby, and there was the sorely beset and helpless Aaron also. The stars glittered sharply,, but coldly ; the ad vancing night made the landsoape sinister and spectral. . We did not notiee-the aiok man get out of the waggon, but presently he came moving towards us. On either side of him walked one of the women, supporting him, and Aunt 'Oinda carried the child. It was a group that Millet would have liked to paint— it seemed a blended part of the grotesque ? and fluctuating shadows. Their talk had ceased. Their thoughts we could not catch, of course. But as they drew sigh us, they halted ;.and in an anxious, coaxing tone, Aaron: said: ' Remember, though, that one or t'other of you must go on with me to-morrow.' The women gave their assent, we iaf erred, 1 or he added, as If in anawec, 'That's bracin'.' Then they resumed their way, in silence again, and slowly; and looking after them, we saw them reach the cabin and eater at the open door— just as the stage came rattling ap, an honr late, crowded with passengsrs* ; The supper was delayed that niftht/but Its quality made ample amends. We had never before seen Aunt 'Cinda's table so invitingly spread, particularly as to canned fruits and unsuspected tumblers of jelly and preserves ; and thare waa battered toast, too, aad lumps of old- time loaf-sugar for the ooffee. One guest said the feast was good enough for a wedding— at which Aunt 'Oinda coloured, and sighed forlornly, aad they all laughed. Ah; tney -did not guess how that suggestiva word wounded her! But Aaron waa net to be seen, nor the woman with -the baby;*th«y had aatra by themselves, before we were called, aa was proper, ^nd ware waiting foe Aunt 'Cinda in ' the extry room,' as she had named it, the room so long sacredly *ept for Aaron's coming. And ao th« merriment around the table went oa unchecked. Tke gdeats were blameless, to be aura ;' nevertheless, their jokes and laughter were exasperating; their very presence had the effect of an in trusion. We felt a supreme relief, I know,' when it was over at last, and the stage had departed, and the secret was safe; and then we ventured to inquire after -the sick man, and to tender oar services, should he need or desire them. -c He's weaker'nhelets on,' Aunt 'Cinda informed us; 'an' he don't .'pear to have no appetite. I felt so aorry for him, a tryin' so hard to eat when he couldn't. It was sech a nice supper, he said. I could V cried to see him-a-lookin' so wishin' ait them pickled tomatuses— like I used to make 'em back yender. - He is Aaron, you know, and she turned from us, rather abruptly, we thought, and left the room. We lit our pipes, and sauntered out to leok after oar ponies. It had grown much darker. We oould not see the shallow, crawling-river.. The waggon atiU«tood by the road-side, the loosed covering flapping like somfc gseat fateful wing j the oxen were grazing contentedly a - few - rods away. From the far-off mystery of space and vagueness, came an -echo of a coyote's spiteful challenge.' The daily yellow of the stone corral was sub dued to the tone of ancient and crumbling ruins; for a moment, we felt as if we ought -to find moss and vines there. Oar ponies lay reclined upon the trodden feeding-ground/ and did not so much as prick up aa ear when we talked to them and patted them, with accustomed famili arity. In vain we tried to chat of pleasant things, of other scenes. . The solitude wo^notWdMt^ TOokoifi^omM^ ? When we returned to the cabin, finally, we were surprised, though not displeased, to learn that' Aaron was to share our sleeping-room. They had kindled a blaze for him in the big fire-'place, and made him a generous couch of blankets, clean and white, with astonishing sheets and pillow slips, that were foil of deep creases, and must hare been a long time folded.* That bed looked more like home than anything we had seen for months, albeit there was no bedstead. He evidently felt out of place and embarrassed in it ; he would have rested better, we fancied, had they given him lest ' of softness and daintiness, and brought him his frontiersman's saddle, with the sheepskin top, for a pillow ; a droll hint of the kind oame over his face, and gave it a downcast expres sion. We aimed to avoid conversation with him; knowing how fatigued, un strung, and in need of sleep he was ; but he talked in spite of us, and regardless whether wa responded or not. Indeed, he seemed morbidly resolute to tell us of himself and bis affairs — not as one reaching out for pity, but rather as one offering an explanation. We could not but listen. 'I was a fool,' he said, frankly, 'but 'I meant right, an' what a man means ort p' be sot down for him. It wasn't my fault 'at I didn't git along down ther' among the greasers. Luck was ag'in' me from the very jump. Sometimes I axed myself if may be it wasn't a jedgment onto me ; an' may be it was — may be it was. I was crazy to git rich, you undaratand.' And he paused to indulge a mooking(smile. ' But I meant all the time to go back,' he continued, ' only I wanted to git ahead first. It would 'a' groun' me in au inch o' my life to 'a' had 'om a-naggin' mo all over Boone's Lick about eomin' home dead broke after all my fine talk about gittin' rich. Soljisthel' on, an' kep' a-sayin' to myself, 'Ole man, play your han' out, trumps or no trumpB.' Did I think much about'1 Cindy? Well, I rather ealkilate my bead was full of her. That was the pinnest part of it.' He hesi tated a moment, reflectively, and then, ' She don't know how much I hankered for her,' he laid, under his breath. *y I'll never git done despisin' myself, though,' he resumed, ' for not sendin' letters to her. But I wasn't a-doin' a bit o' good, an' I thought what was the use o' worryin' her ? I'd orter «' sent^the letters anyhow ; it would 'a' -been money in my pocket. I was a-reekoning I mought *tart back any day a'most. An' I did go baok jest as soon's ever I got heeled. - Itawasj-irood contract, out to the fort, 'at wrtm««J-4 i* fetched me a round thousan' dollars. I didn't stop to send no letter nor nothin' to 'Cindy then. I jest nat'rally got-up and got. A company of cavalry was *oin?aiero»t to Fort Smith on t'other frail*; you ; understand— an* I went with ?env an' «ved a week by it. An' when I struck Boone's Lick, whar was 'Oindy t Sot out for Kansas five year' ago that harvest, they told me, 'lowin' to come baek afore cold weather— an' she'd never been heem tell of pence.' ? : He went on to relate, with moving artless ness, how he searched for her all over the settled portions of Kansas and through the border counties of Missouri, making inquiry at every house ha passsd, of every person he met, without once reaching the faintest cine to her whereabouts^ ' I was dean beat,' he deelared. I couldn't make it out. It was like 'a if I via lost on the prairie, ot a dark night, in the snow. She must be dead, they said.' This hut sentence was uttered in a solemn, tremulous tone, as if, after all, he still half-bslieved she was in her grave. It did not take him long to tell the rest[; how he returned to New Mexioo— ' out of ooneeit with ev'rytbing,' as he phrased it— and married a second wife, and lost most ^of his money in aheap, and had the baby bom to him, and tried farming a bit, and herded cattle 'along 'ith the greasers,' and fell into a lingering illness, and at last resolved to gather his few remaining efEeots together, and go back to Missouri again. 'One or t'other of 'em will go on with me in the mornin' ,' he said, in an absent and weary way, and then was silent. We remained sitting by his bedside fully ah hour; we leafed he might awake and feel hurt at not finding some one to talk to. But he slept on so quietly and restf ully that it seemed useless to wait any longer, and we retired. Our bunk was but across the room from : his, and we . could easily hear if be tailed, we said to ourselves, and wa would be up vary early. It was then ten o'olook. The fire bail dwindled to a handful of waning odals. We tucked out blankets closely about as, and dreamed of home. ; All at ©nee— it might have bean but a minute afterward, for all we knew ; in reality it was almost daylight— we were aroused by Shuffling lest and an intense whispering. We leaped out ef bed, with revolvers drawn and eoeksd. A single glance revealed the situa tion. There were the two women bending over Aaron with a bottle and spoons, and a cup of water, and a camphorised handker chief ; and he was moaning and tossing with agony. He had grown desperately worse daring the.nizht, and his complain ing had not disturbed us. But Aunt 'Cinda had heard him, in the next room; perhaps she was awake and listening. She Looked up, white and appealing, before we oould apeak; w« understood only too well what she thought. Adeline chafed the poor fellow's chill hand vigorously, and did not heed as. : After a time, with such scant relief a we oould give him, he became quiet (ex cept for his heavy and laboured breathih £) and we watched him. keenly, hoping &a; would sleep again. But shortly he ^as convulsed with recurring pain, and called for water. Aunt 'Cinda put the cup tops mouth. His eyes met hers ; and he sa*d t her, in a strange, relinquishing voice s ' They told me you was dead, 'Cindy \- Tb*n bis cramped limbs relaxed, and he lay still, and we thought he breathed with leas difficulty. When he moved again, presently, it was to put out his hand in doubtful groping. ' Poor Adeline I' he said. ' , We drew nearer, on our knees, lite persons at prayer. His quivering lips shaped a few words ^nore: ' Be good,' we heard him weakly mutter, ' be good— -to the baby.' \- The . room became momently lighter; the last of the shadows that had lurked all night in the corners vanished one by one; a Crimson 'flush slowly overspread the window: ' The sun waa rising. He had gone on — alone — in the morning1. —Scribntr'i Monthly. A WiiiT SrjPFHTO-- SmitherB : *' Why, Swellington, whatever are you doing with two hats?' ^Wellington: 'Idea of my own, dear boy... «In this country a fellow is always lifting hia hat. What are the consequences?— -disreputable tiles, colds in the head. What's the remedy ?— a bowing hrntf A bkcght little bot whp had 'teen engaged in combat with' another .boy was. reproved by bis aunt, who told, him he] ought ^always to' wait until Jihe other boy 