WHY JOHN GRIFFINGTON MARRIED. BY JEAN MIDDLEMASS. The announcement caused considerable sur- prise. Why, if it was over to be, had it not come off long years ago ? people asked. And big gaunt Lady Andrewina, who it was notorious had wanted him herself any time these ten years, was so exercised in mind about it that she went near to going off her head, giving tho most extraordinary views and explanations of the engagement at each house she called at ; and she called on every one she knew, and they were many. Indeed, even disinterested people were at sea in the matter, and when you had listened to half a dozen such -- as you were almost bound to do at that time, if you pretended to be any- body, and to go anywhere -- all you could gather clearly from the confusion of words was, that tho still pretty Miss Fordice was shortly to marry old John Griffington, as he was called not from his age, for ho had had the name in the nursery, and was now but five-and-thirty, but because every one called him "Old John" from a feeling that he had never been young Ho was an old boy nt school, and now an old young man, and you folt that, however he might bo getting through the first half of life, it would only bo a3 a man in years that he would over BIIOW in Ilia true element. The Griffingtons aro nothing if not clannish. 0, but clannish of the most clannish. Not that you must imagine they liad any particular love for one another. No, although tho world looked upon them as rathor amiable people, they wore too individually selfish to caro muoh for any one. This love of "self was at the .bottom of their clannishueBB. Each thought and felt that tho well being of his kith and kin, or, at any rate, and iii particular, such as boro the illustrious ¡[patronymic of Griffington, reflected immediately on tho wholo family. If you met a Griffington, for instanco, in the street, and told him that 200 of his fellow creatures wero at that moment lying smothered in a Welsh mino, ho would only exhibit the mildest and most well-brod concern ; but inform him that his remoto cousin, Theophilus or Plantagenet Griffington, is afflicted with tooth- ache on tho wild shores of Victoria Nyanza, and ho will immediately want to send out a dentist. Such aro the Griffingtons, and I might namo other families who resemble thom. It was in this rather common peculiarity of theirs that must be sought tho solution of the problem which was puzzling ovorybody so dolightfully at tho moment T speak of, for thora is no doubt fhe riddlo was popular. It was quito trun that old John might havo had her thirty thousand for the b.iro asking over sinco sho carno out. What she saw in him or why sho cared for him are mysteries wo will not nttempt to penetrate. How any ono can caro for any body has, as to that, always been apnzzloto our philosophy. To love ! cwtainly : why, it must be delightful ; but to find the being who shall call the sweet passion forth-"That's the rub." Hie labor, hoc opus ! Perhaps Rose selected him, as timid persons do cab horses-for what to the general eyo would appear their faults. Thero certainly was something stolid-a strong I won't-run-away look-about John, which probably first took hor gentle fluttering soul. Well, there are wise ones in tho world who olwayB choose a dog that no dogstealer would have at a gift. ThiB is not in allusion to Mr. Griffington's outward man. He is tall and formally, if very uninterestingly, handsome. So when one night-at tho end of a ball at the ond of tho season-ho proposed to her in the following fashion, though a gool deal surprised, Miss Fordice was yet far moro delighted, and bethought hor ho had surely loved her all those years, and that sho was now about to bo ever- more an impossibly happy woman. John Griffington had no originality, of courso ; his love-making was thorofore, and perhaps for other reasons, commonplaco to a degree ; but, for all that, poor Rose, who, I have said, or meant to say, was no fool in other matters, thought it quito perfect. «'No ; if you would not mind, lot us miss this danoo, and come and sit in that quiet corner," began John. Ho had never spoken in that unnaturally tender tone before, and Rose had an inkling of what was coming forthwith. "Oh, I Bhallbe quite glad of a rest,'' sho falterod ; ' ' pra}' lot us sit out the danco. And when they had taken possession of an embowered rout bench ho went into tho point at once. " Miss Fordico, I have boon wishing for somo time to have tho good fortuno to speak to you quietly upon a subject very near my heart." i Sho bent to her bouquet, all blushes and tre- pidation. Though the steadiest of mon, John Griffington was notoriously addicted to all tho harmless privileges of bachelorhood. His club, Ha mild rubber, his cigars and very lato hours, above nil his littlo dinners from Gunter'a at his rooms in South Audloy-street-all those things had long been well known to her. Indeed she lind fonrod no othor rivnls. All theso deep rooted habits flashed through Rose's mind at this intonso instant, and she in- wardly chirped or crowod, or whatever it is that girls do when they aro happy, as sho thought "And hois giving all this up for mo! Oh, joy ! how ho must love mo !" Ho pursued " Yes, Miss Fordico-Rose, may I call you so ?-I have long noted your very high and charming qualities. May I hopo that I am not quito indifferent to you 1 Rose, will you bo my wife ?" . It would bo a good thing that all girls Bhould understand that whon a man is BO glib, whon a man exhibits no moro fear, hesitation, or embar- rassment than this in soliciting their hand, his heart, howovor ho may talk about it, has nothing to do iu the matter. But sweet Roso Fordico know no guile, and was far too happy to be clonr- sighted. Tears of joy invaded her mental vision, oven as their VÍBÍWO Bisters bedewed tho bluo orbs that now sought the ground. " Indeed, I am sure," she begun ; but you seo hera was real feeling, and she was not BO ready of tongue Then, with an effort, " Oh, Mr. Griffington, I don't know what you will think of me for saying so, but you have made mo the happiest of women. I always-I always liked you, and was afraid I showod it too much." " Not at all, not at all, I assure you," put in John, not quite liking so much feeling, and a littlo puzzled what to say. " I am truly glad of it-delighted, boliove mo. They are striking up tlie Lancers. Will you como !" " Yes, 1 will dance now," sho Baid, proudly taking his arm. Miss Fordico had lived from girlhood with a maiden aunt, in a pokey liouso in a veryfaBhion nblo street. Tho aunt was noble but poor, and tho nioco's littlo fortuno it was which chiefly served to carry on tho war. In this narrow aboJo John did his wooing ; and hero, aorno two months after ho lind "como forward," as tho saying is, tho wedding breakfast waa colobratod. On this propitious occasion thon nppoared fallen from heaven for aught any of the scoro or so of very nristocrntio guests who formod tho party could toll to tho contrary-two raw-boned j young woman of uncertain ago. Eyo-sores that horrid old Lady Vivingford-" Old Vivisec- tion," ns tlioy call her-dubbed thom, BO loudly it is a morey they did not hear hor ; who both figured IIB bridesmaids, mwhod considerably over John mid his fair ncquioition, and turnod out to ho ncithor moro nor loss than two out of four sisters of his who had como ovor from TourB, for tho murringo. Their mother and John's-tho Bon. Mrs, Griflington, daughter of a rather obacuro law lord, who died, it was said, abso- lutely o£ tho unexpected honour ho had achieved-wns ono of thoso English women who are chiefly remarkable for hatred of their own country. Terhapa BIIO folt the feeling was mutual. At any rate, sho always resided with hor four unlovely daughters d' tho Continent, chiofly at Toura. It would be vnin to say that tho two spooimons sent ovor for tho wadding made n favourable im piession upon even tho Griflingtou-blind Roso, be awsoitis quito iinpossiblo thoy could do so onany °no ; but sho kissed thom bravoly whon their brothor brought them to call and introduco thom, winch ho did in a rather imposing and accon tuntctl manner ; and Blie responded to thoir sisterly protestations with a wonderfully good Bl'm,° ",u3ur tu0 circumstances. 1 ho honey moon waa spent on the Rhine, for tlio bridegroom had no place of his own, and itoao had never boon abroad in her life. Then Wo Rhine is a good long way from Toura, That I month abroad was by very far tho happiest time of the poor bride's life. Quite right and proper that it should be BO, of course ; but then why should such an utter, such a fearful contrast BO soon follow ns, in nina ! tho majority of caaes it is wont to do ! That is one of thoBe topics on which I should Uko som o day to hare it out with husbands. John was not a man of many resources when you transplanted him from London. Throughout their tour ho was always with his wifo, because ho had nothing olso to dn. As sho loved him she waa not exigeante boyond that, and so she was contented and merry ns possiblo from morn- ing till night This did not in tho least astonish John. Of course sho was happy ! He should like to know why she should not be ! In fact, ho intended soon to «wist upon her being happy upon much less. They returned to town in October. Rose's aunt, no longer able to afford Mayfair, had beaten a retreat to Bath, and had let her town house, as sho called the two-windowed sandwich she had long been so proud to inhabit, to tho newly married pair, the comfortable un- married rooms in South Audley-streot being, of coursa, given up. John's income was, as he had told his wife, eight hundred a year, J and this, with the interest of Rose's thirty thousand, ought to have enablod them to livo ] vory reasonably well. In the days of her aunt Rose had always had her brougham, and as for dress, why she had half her income to spend upon it if she liked. She was now informod that a carriage was out of tlie question, and that she would have to make £150 a year do for both dress and pocket money. Like a lnve-sick fool as Bhe was she submitted without a murmur to both edicts. Still she could not help putting the question very plump to herself, "Why? I must say, my dearest John, I should particularly like to know tho why in the matter." Aloa! this « ' why " waa not long in showing itself. Grifling- ton was not a funny man. He would havo recoiled in horror from nny such ambition. And yet, Uko many another dull wretch, ho had ono rery funny thing about him, and that was his conscience. For tho first week after their installation I things still wont pleasantly enough. They took several walks in the Park. London had luckily happened to borrow somo other place's weather for the momont. Two of their most pleasant acquaintances kindly asked them to dinner, and ' John actually escorted his brido twice to the ¡ play, though, as is well known, he hatos theatres On tho eighth day after their return, however, ho utterly surprised Rose by the strange , tono in which he said-a tone nnxioiis and constrained from ita two great striving after ease _ " Oh, by tho by, dearest, I am writing to the girls. I want Jemima and Anne to come over. They will do with one room and Parker can have the attic. You won't mindi" But of oourao she did mind very much ¡ for BO mild a person she minded furiously. "Oh, John l"sho began, when ho looked at her with a look upon his chiselled face which froze the words in her throat. It was not a scowl, nor yet properly a frown ; but strange lights seemed to invade his eyes, and sho saw gleams of green burn phosphorus-liko thore for a second or two She wns frightened-cowed and in a momont she had lost the life battle, and sho knew it. All sho dared to say was : " I thought, dear, that to have anyone so soon-even your sisters-could not- help com- ing between us in a way. I mean, dear, that I feel tis if I grudged you-to any one-even thom. It is foolish-I know, and I shall have more sonse later on." And then sho feared oven this faint opposition might diminish his love-his lovel-and BIIO burst into tears on his shoulder. Bnt John was already sick of marriage-moro sick oven than ho had known ho Bhnuld bo. Bo was pining already for lim olub, late hours and bachelor ways, but had too much decency-ho had a world of decency, had old John-to break out just yet. The Misses Jemima and Anno Griffington made their descent upon poor Rose's dovecot with a promptitude which looked ominously like a proconcerted plan. They were vory Bistorly with her ; in fact, far too terribly Biatorlytobe boarablo. " Mako yourselves at home, doars," the model brother had said, and they did so, by my faith, with a vengeance. Judgo of tho wife's stupor on hearing hor economical lord say oponly, on tho morning nf ter thoir incursiou : - " Thoro, girls, therois £50 apices to smarten you up-a little wedding gift from Roso and myself." But this was only the beginning. " So sorry, dear, you don't know Sarah nnd Dorcas, my two eldor sistors," he said quito ploasantly ot dinner one day. " Well, they must come whon you girls havo to go back to mother. Relieve guard, eh 1 I'm so afraid of Roso finding the houso dull in the winter," he added, with mock humility. The Hon. Mrs. Griffington's daughters wero far from amiable young women. They woro somewhat in awo of thoir brother, who they knew detested rows ; and the first week or two of self-interest also went far enough to keep them on their best bohaviour be- fore thoir new sister-in-law. Tho force of habit, however, is stronger than all. John evi- j dently thought, having provided his spouse with Buch sweet company, he was forthwith emanci- ' pated from homo cares ; and he lived at his club as in former days constantly, even dining there. It must not be thought that John's clannish love for his sistors extended to any particular relish . for their society. Ho would probably havo j boen quito astonished had somo f.Vry told him that ho rathor disliked them than otherwise ; yet i such was the case. No, ho liked to know they 1 woro in clover, and through him. Ho liked to Btroke himBolf down and tell himBelf ho was tho best brother in England. That was all. So as Boon as the novelty of the situation wore off those two sour virgins, Jemima and Anne, be- took themselves to the ona great occupation of ¡ their lives-squabbling with each other. They did their brother's wife the doubtful honour of not minding her at nil. Each was only just so far ashamed as to explain to Rose, when the other was not by, that she-the speaker-was tho most sweet-tempered and peaoef ul of women, and that it was all her Bister's fault, who waa jealous of her. Their faces, always plain, assumed during theso pitiful vulgar bickerings expressions whioh wero not pleasant to look upon ; neither was their language of the choicest. Soarcoly a day passed without poor Roso being the unwilling witness of at least one of the low-life brawj» ; and, to got out of the din, and escape being appoalod to, which never failed to make matters worse »till, sho frequently abdicated her own drawing-room, and has oven been known to seek hor bed at unduo hours with a bad headache, thus artificially produced. Such measures, it might bo thought, would havo shamed thoso rosident visitors into botter manners. But no ; they would drive hor from dinner before it was half through, and go on conscientiously eating of every subsequent dish, without the slightest apparut ebb of relish. Roso hoped and hoped, not for a clear houso that, sho knew, was out of tho quoatiou, but that tho two elder sisters of her husband might prove of a different genus, morally, if not physically ; but alas and alack ! to sum them up in a word, they wero the evident models upon which their juniors had been formed, and both past-mistresses in the art of being insupportable. A year thus dragged by. Roso was expected to toko out this four-cornered arrangement in turns, and if she did not find them partners at balls, she got cold words ' and hard looks from John. He never did society, as ho called it ; at least he only dined out and gave occasional dinners. Rose tried hard, finding herself so heavily handicapped, to give up going out like- wise, but Mr. Griffington was aghast. " Not go into society ? I never heard of such a thing ! And who is to lake my sisters about ?" he oxclaimcd in hi» most injured tone. "I should liko to know what next, indeed !" and he stalked out of the room. It was long, very long, before the wholo truth' dawned upon the poor wife. She was still undor thirty-younger than the youngest of the ter- rible quadrangle- and herentire life was blighted.] Home she had none, and there waa no seeking pleasure and oblivion elsewbore, for the ghost» in her cupboard stalked everywhere by her side, scaring away her pleaaanteat acquaintances and losing many of-indeed, nearly all-the in- vitation» she moat oared to accept. They were clothed, and that richly, by her money, which John and they seemed to divide pretty ovouly between them. Woro -they not Griflingtons ? It is difficult to say how long her endurance would havo lasted had it been possible for her to continue in tho delusion that John loved her. Slowly, very slowly indeed, it woro away. What a fight wo all maka before we will part for life with tho one delusion upon which we care to exist ! It took Rose just a year and a half to divest herself of the last slirod of her dream. The bitterest part of it was that, when she did at length soo clearly, she discovered not only that her husband had no more love for her than Bhe had for his family, but that he had never cared one little bit for her in his life. Whon all had become thoroughly clear to her brain, she determined, with her characteristic good sense and self-command, to do nothing whatever, until Bhe had taken some time to chew the cud of her misery. She was roBolvod, if possiblo, to make no more mistakes. The effect of some wocks wisely given to deliberation wa3 to further open her eyes to tho great fact that though her love for John Griffington had been very real, indeed, while sho believed him to bo an honest man, it had all molted away, Uko beautiful snow into an ugly puddlo, under the burning rays of her indignation and contempt. A man who could from sheerly interested motives pretend a love ho never felt, and marry her to make her miserable, was to Rose's just and honest mind no better than a cheat and a swindler. At last her resolution was taken. If there had been tho blessing of a child to this un- blessed union doubtless everything would havo been changed. As it was, what had BIIO to bind her to this cold remorseless calculator, who, if he had strong claims to be called a good brother, had none whatever to be called even a bearable husband 1 A slight illness of her old aunt at Bath favoured her proceeding. One day in April Mr. Griffington, on coming in from his afternoon whist, had to dino with his dear sisters Sarah and Dorcas, and no ODO I elso. A line from his wife lay on his plate: My aunt is ill and I start for Bath by the 3'30 train. Will write full particulars. ROSE. And BO Bhe did. She ascertained that her good old relativo had a good old- fashionod way of doing business tiuough an old-fashioned lawyer ; that John's arbitrary division of pro- perty had been throughout dependent upon her (Rose's) good will and pleasure Before the marriage every farthing of the thirty thousand had been, she found, tightly Bottled upon her own little seit. "Yes, my door," said aunty, after hearing the whole story; "your precious husband fought hard to get first all, then any part ho could into his own hands ; but we were obdurate, and he, fearing I suppose to miss tbe match altogether, had at last to cave in." " Oh, aunt, and you never told mo 1" " No, my dear. I was not such a fool. It was too palpably my interest to keep you single." " I will never go back to him again." "You would be a fool if you did. Only think what my lawyer found out afterward. Two months before Griffington proposed to you, his mother and sisters wero reduced almost to penury by somo unfortunate speculations in foreign funds. " " So that is tho key to tho mystery I" ox claimed poor Rose. Not being lito that horrid old Lady Viving ford, and not loving to gloat ovor the torture even of the unworthy, I refuse to contemplate tho scene of baffled villany, rage, and despair which was enacted by the Griffington trio-with a piercing echo in Toura-on receipt of a vory firm but very temperate letter from Rose, which reached them within four days of their victim's sudden flight. Every plan was thought of, and many tried, to redcom the fearful mistakes into which tho Griffington family had fallen. John rushed down to Bath, and rather to his surprise found no difficulty in seeing his wifo and in seeing hor alone, but to his intense astonishment he dis- covered that she had become us unbending and cool as ho had hitherto found hor pliant and im- pressionable. Even his cold undemonstrative nature at last almost flared up. " Do you not know," he said, knocking his knuckles on tho table, "that I can compel you to livo with mo ?" And there was the feline greon glare that had once so frightened her in his eyes. But she could laugh at it now. How many a bravo woman is only a coward through love ! " You will have to go to law then," she quietly replied, " and I don't think tho evidence would throw much lustre on the family namo." Sho knew it well enough-knew that, though he gained his cause, tho whole tranaaotion would not bear tho light of day, and that exposure for him and his meant ruin. "Will you compromise ?" he said at laBt, after a sullen silence. " What ! " »ho rejoined. " You mean, willi allow you BO much a year to leave me alono ?" " If that ia the way you put it, yes." " I thought that was all you wanted," she laughed. " Well-well-no. I will not allow you one farthing. Not if you stand there for ever ; but," she added, looking him full in the face, " you may all keep what you have had." John Griffington was ever decent in all he did. It cost him little to command his feelings, thpy wore such poor craven things. Ho took up his hat, bowed, and left the room. He and his wife have never spoken sinco, Needless to say the little house in Mayfair was not for tho Griftingtons after that. John waa quito ready to give his sisters all ho did not want, but he protests he can do nothing for them now, and they have migrated with their mother, I believo, into Holstein. He is back at his identical old quarters in South Audloy-stroet, whero his little dinners aro Baid to bo as successful as ever. I To completo tho picture, young Mrs. Grifting ton and her aunt aro again installed at the pokey little houso so often referred to, and there Rose leads what to her appears a very pleasant life for everything in this funny world goes by con , trasts-a life of peace and refined ease ; and is, I perhaps, as contented with her lot as nine-tenths j of her neighbours, although she so woll knows the reason why John Grifnngton married. 