AMONG THE SPIRITS. (By Mark Twain.) There was a stance in town a few nights since. As I was making for it, in company with tho reporter of an evening paper, he said he had seen a gambler named Gus Graham shot down in a town in Illinois years ago by a mob, anil as he was probably tlie only person 111 ban Francisco who knew of the circumstance, lie thought he would give the " spirits Graham to chaw on awhile." N.B. — This young creature is a Democrat, and speaks with the native strength and inelegance of his tribe. In the course of the show he wrote his old pal's name on a elip of paper, and folded it up tightly and put it in a hat which was passed round, and which already had about five hundred similar documents in it. The pile was dumped on the table, and the medium began to take them up one by one and lay them aside, asking, " Is this spirit present ? or this? or this ?" About one in fifty would rap, and the person who sent up the name would rise in his place and ques tion the defunct. At last a spirit seized the medium's hand, and wrote "Gus Graham' backward. Then the medium went skirmishing through the papers for the corresponding name. And that old sport knew his card by the back. When the medium came to it, after picking up fifty others, he rapped ! A committee-man nil folded the paper, and it was the right one. I sent for it and got it. It was all right. How ever, I suppose all Demcrats are 00 Sociable terms with the devil. The young man got up and asked; " Did you die in 51 ? '52 ? '53 ? '54? GhoRt — " Rap, rap, rap." \- " Did yon die of cholera ? diarrhoea.? dysentery f : dog-bite ? small-pox ? Violent death ? -" - r'.: " Rap, rap, rap." " Were yon hanged ? drowned ? stabbed ? shot ? — — " Rap, rap, rap.'' " Did yon die in Mississippi ? Kentucky ? New York ? Sandwich ' Islands ? Texas? Illinois ?— — - " Rap, rap rap." It was no use trying to catch the departed gambler. He knew his hand, and played it like a major. . About this time a couple of Germans stepped forward, an elderly man and a 6pry young fellow, cooked and primed for a sensation. They wrote some names. Then young Ollen dorff said something which. sounded like— "1st eiu geist hieraus?" Burts of laughter from the audience. Three .raps— signifying that there was a geist hieraus. - " Vollen sie schriehen ?" More laughter. Three raps. . . " Finzig8tollen, linsowfterowlickterhairowf- terfrowleitienihackfoldeso?" Incredible ns it inay seem, the spirit cheer fully answered Yes to that astonishing pro position. The audience grew more and more boisterously mirthful with every fresh question, and they were informed that the performance could not go on in the midst of s.o much levity. They became quiet. The German ghost didn't appear to. know anything at all— couldn't answer tlie simplest questions. Young Ollehdorf finally stated some numbers, and tried to get at the time of the. spirit's death. ; it appeared to be". considerably- mixed as to whether it died in 1811 or 1812, which was reasonable enough, as it had been so long ago.. At last it wrote " 12." Tableau I Young Ollendorff sprang to bis feet in a state of consuming excitement. He exclaimed: . . " Laties and gentlemen ! ,1- write de name fon a man vot life. Speerit-rabbing dells ine he tics in yalir eighteen hoendred and dwelf, but lie yoos as live anil helty as— — ; The.Medinm — " Sit down, sir 1" O'lendorff — " But I vant to ' Medium—" Yon -are not here to make speeches, sir— sit down 1" Mr. Q- had squared himself for an oration. Mr. 0.—" But de speerit cheat !— dere is no such speerit — — " f All this time applause and laughter hv turns from the audience. V .Medium— " Takp: your seat, sir, and. I wil explain tlie matter." — And she explained. A»d all in that. ex planation she let off a blast which was so terrific that I half expected to see— young Ollendorff shot up through the roof. She said he had come up there with fraud and deceit and cheating in his heart, and a kindred spirit had come with the land of shadows to commune with him ! She wns tefribiy bitter. She said in substance, though not in words, the perdition was full of just such fellows as Ollendorff, and they was ready 011 the slightest prirtex to rush; in and assume anybody's name, and rap, and write, and lie, and swindle with perfect loose ness whenever they could -rope, in a living affinity like poor .Ollendorff communicate with. Great applause and laughter - Ollendorff stood his ground with good pluck and was going to open his batteries again, when a storm of cries rose all over the bouse 'Get down! Go on ! Clear out! Speak on —we'll bear you ! Climb down from that platform! Stay were you are 1 Vauiose! Stick to your post— say your say 1 The medium rose up and said if Ollendorff remained, she would not. She recognised no one's right to come there and insult her by practising a deception upon her, and attempting to bring ridicule upon so solemn a thing as her religious-belief. The audience then became quiet, and the subjugated Ollendorff retired from the platform. The oilier German raised a spirit, questioned it at some length in its own language, and said the answers were correct. Tho medium claimed to be entirely unacquainted with the German language. ' , Just then a gentleman called me to the edge of the platform and asked mo if I were a Spiritualist. I said I was not. He asked me if I were prejudiced. I said I was liot more than any unbeliever ; but I could not believe in a thing I did not '.understand, and I had not seen anything yet that I could by any possi bility cipher out. He 6aid, then, that lie didn't think I was the cause of tlie diffidence shown by . the spirits, bat lie knew there was qn antagonistic influence around that table some where ; lie had noticed it from the first ; there was a painful negative cnrreijt passing to his sensitive organization from tlint direction constantly. I told him -1 guessed it was that other fellow ; and! said, blame a man ..who was all the time shedding these infernal negative currents 1 -This appeared to satisfy the mind of the inquiring fiuialic, and he sat down. I bad a very dear friend who, I had heard, had gone to the spirit' land, or perdition, or some of those places, and I desired to . know something concerning him. There was something so -aivful. though about talking with living, sinful lips to the ghostly dead, that I could hardly bring myself to rise and speak. But at last I got trembling up and said with a low and trembling voice : " Is the spirit of John Smith present ?" (You never can depend on these Smiths; you call for one, and the whole tribe will come clattering out of hell to answer you)., ' Whack ! Whack ! .Whack 1 Whack I Bless me ! 1 believe all the dead and damned John Smitl s between 8 R Francisco and perdition boarded that little table at once.. I was consider able 6et back — stunned, I may say. The audieuco urged me to go on, however, and I said : "What did you die of 7" .The Smiths answered to every disease and casualty that man can die of. . ' ' Where did you die ?" They auswered Yes to every locality J.couhl name while my geography held out. " Are you happy where you are ?M There was a vigorous and unauimous '/ No 1" from the late Smiths. ." Is it wty.'in there ?" An educated S.nith seized the medium's hand and wrote : . . ' ' ' It's no name for'it." " Did you leave any Smiths iu that place wheu j|| you came away 7" ; gl " Dead loads of them ?'' Si I fancied I heard the shadowy Sm iths chuckle at 91 this feeb'e joke— the rare joke that there .could be sj live loads of Smiths where all are dead.. jl " How many Smiths are present ?" - 1 " Eighteen million — the procession now readies jf" from here to the other side of China." " Then there are mauy Smiths in the kingdom of 1 j the lost ?" |! "The Prince Apollyon calls all new comers f Smith on general principles ; an-1 continues to do jj so until he is corrected, if he chances to be mis- ( taken." | "What do all Smiths call their dear abode?" 1 " They call it the Smithsonian Institute." | I got hold of the right Smith at last — the parti- | cular Smith I .vas after — my dear, lost, lamented | friend— and learned that he died a violent death. | 1 feared as much. He said his wife talked him to i death. Poor wretch ! I Bye-and-bye up jumped another Smith. A gen- 1 tlenian in the audience said that this was his j Smilh. So he questioned him. and this Smith jt said he too died by violence. He had been a good deal tangled in his. religious belief, and was a sort ! of cross between a Universalist aud a Unitarian ! has got straightened out and changed his opinions i since he left here ; said he was perfectly happy. We proceeded to question this talkative and frolic some old parson. Among spirits he is the gayest of the "gay. He said he had no tangible body ; a bullet could pass through him aud never make a hole ; rain couln pass through him as through vapour, aud not discomorlc him in the least (so I suppose he doi 't know enough tc come in when it rains — or don't care enough) : says heaven and hell are simply mental conditions : spirits in the for mer have happy and contented minds, aud those in the latter are torn by remorse of conscience; says as far as he is concerned he is all right — he is happy ; would uot sav whether he was a very good or very bad man on earth (the shrewd old water proof nonentity 1 I asked the question so that I might average my own chance for his luck iu the other world, but he saw my drift) ; says that he . has an occupation there — puts in his time teaching and being taught ; says there are spheres — grades of perfection — he is making very good progress —has been promoted a sphere os so since his ma triculation ; (I said mentally " Go slow, old man go slow, you have all eternity before you," and he replied not); he don't know how mauyspheres there are (but I suppose there must be millions, becauee if a man goes galloping through them at the rate this old Universalist is doing, lie will get through an infinitude of them by the time he has been there as long as old Sesostris and those ancient mummies aud there is l.ioestiniatiug how high he will get in even the infancy of eternity — I am afraid the o'd man is scouring along rather too fast for the style of his surroundings, and the length of time he has in' his haiids); says spirits cannot feel heat orcold (which militates somewhat against all my notions of othordox damnation — fire and brimstone); says spirits commune with others by thought— they have no language; says the distinction of sex are preserved there and so forth and so ou, The old parson wrote and talked for an honr, and showed by .his quick, Ehrew.d,aud intelligent replies that he had not been sitting up nights in the other world for nothing ; he had been prying into every thing worth knowing, and finding out everything he possibly could — as he said himseL — when liedid uct underslaud a thing, lie hunted up a spirit that could explain it, and consequently he is thoroughly posted. And for his accomnjodatiug conduct and liis uniform courtesy to me, 1 sincerely liope he Will continue to progress at his present velocity until he lands on the very roof of the highest sphere of all and thus achieves perfection. 