The Story-Teller. THE WRONG MAN. In those so-called gcod old days when gentlemen of belligerent proclivities were wont to handle one another at all times without gloves, there happened the following episode. It was in the murky and foggy November days, or rather on one of November's evenings, that a tall, muscular, fresh-facedy and close- shaven traveller missed his path across lots to an out-of-the-way railroad station. After rolling and: struggling in marshy places for an hour or so without meeting a living soul or noting even the vestige of a dwelling, his heart bounded -with, delight as he saw a glimmer of light in the distance. It did not take him many minutes to draw near to the cheerful sign of civilization, and to discover that the light shone from a little window, and with .just sufficient brilliancy to enable him to read on a swinging sign, which made a goblin-like disturbance the welcome words, painted by no master- hand. MEDOW HOTEL AILS AND PORTER, MELES, BORED AND LOGIN This was the sole evidence of the quaint old place—over which a few tall trees moaned and sighed" like many-armed giant ghosts — being a hostelry ; but it was as cheering to the weary traveller at that moment as if it had been the gilded insignia of a palace hotel. Without a moment's hesitation he rapped at the closed door. Voices which he had heard suddenly ceased, and, after a minute's silence, the door was opened by a rough unkempt man, with a very red face. " My friend," said the traveller, " I have lost my way, land would like some supper and a bed. I suppose you can accommodate me." ' You're welcome to what , we've got," replied mine host," after he had eyed the wayfarer keenly, and his friendly tone indicated that he had been favorably impressed by the other's appearance. As he ushered the stranger in, the. latter had he not been oblivious for the moment of all but the fact that- he was in a warm and cosy, if plain apartment, would liave probably heard the landlord whisper to two roughlooking men, with, very closely cropped hair: " He ain't no beak, boys." The traveller threw off his overcoat, and, taking a seat near the stove prepared to "do justice to some bread and meat and a foaming mug of ale, which had been promptly placed before him. The others, renewing their conversation, but in low tones, soon seemed to forget the stranger's presence, which no doubt suited him well enough ; for, taking a book from his pocket, he became absorbed in ats contents. An hour later he was disturbed in his occupation by the landlord, who said : " The old woman's got your bed ready, sir. Maybe you're tired, an' had as leave turn in ?". Yes, I'm quite ready for a good night's rest, my friend,"' replied the traveller. As he took the lamp from the table he nodded to the trio, and said " Good night," pleasantly. He thought they looked at him strangely as he left the apartment; but he was not a nervous person, nor a coward ; therefore it did not cause him any :uneasiness, and the landlord, having led the way upstairs, showed him into a small room, with a clean-looking bed in it. " Goodnight " was courteously exchanged, and mine host rejoined his friends below stairs. " Is that bloke a friend of yours, Jim ?" asked one as he wea| behind the rude bar to draw a fresh mug of ale. " No," he answered; I never set my blessed eyes on him before tonight. He seems a decent sort of a chap, and talks like a scholard." " Well," said the other, " I'll be choked if I wasn't taken all of a heap. I never seen such a likeness. If I hadn't a knowed that the Hoboken Chicken was safe and snug in his bed upstairs, I could a sworn that chap was him, *cept as his hair's a good deal shorter." " And juat his quiet way, too, when he's tired or got anything on his mind." " Only the Hoboken Chicken ain't quite so soft-spoken." said the first speaker, with a knowing wink. " Not by considerable," said the other ; and then they all laughed as they eyed one another significantly. * * * * It was almost dark, although nearing six o'clock in the morning, when a door opened upstairs, and the two men, the friends of mine host, already alluded to, moved stealthily towards the stranger's apartment. They entered and closed the door. The occupant of the bed was snoring. One of the men struck a match and tried to light the lamp. But his efforts were futile. It flamed up for a second, spluttered and went out. There was no oil in the lamp. *" I guess We can manage him," said, one. * Get him out; he's an awful hard sleeper.' Without ceremony the two pounced on the sleeping man, and at once began pounding and rubbing him with a rough towel. He was now thoroughly awakened, and, dazed and alarmed, struggled to free himself from their clutches, at the same time crying out iu a very hoarse voice, for his cold had much increased through sleeping in a room which had never known a fire, and in which the sun never shone ' What does this mean ?' Let me ' Oh, yes, my hearty ; we'll let "you go in live minutes. Come, now, take it like a lamb. You'll be woke up directly, and theu you'll thank us for a-doing it.' ' But this is an outrage,' cried the unfortunate traveller. ' Of course, it is. My eye, what a cold the bloke's got. But he's a tough 'un. It won't hurt him.' In a few minutes the two men got on the traveller's clothes, and, almost strangling him with a huge comforter, groped their way downstairs with their prisoner, who, with a sigh, gave himself up to consequences. He thought that resistance with these rough men might lead to bodily injury- besides his throat gave him such pain that he became faint. He told them however,that they were welcome to the twenty dollars he had with him, and begged them not to injure him for the sake of his wife and children. ' Blowed if he ain't a-dreaming said one. 'He was always a rum cove,'' replied the other, ' He'll be himself directly, as soon as he gets into the fresh air.' 'Jest to keep the cold out of his innards,' said his companion, as he made the unhappy man swallow about a tablespoonful of whiskey. ' The traveller was devoid of neither courage nor physical strength;but he knew well he would not have the ghost of a chance against such odds. So he bided his time, and although alarmed, curious to know the denouement of this strange case of kidnapping:" His voice, weak before was now so feeble that he could scarcely articulate. Each taking an arm, they hurried him along in silence, only now and then alluding to his ' dogged natur" and supposing that it was best to 'humor him.' Human patience and endurance, however, have their limits, and suddenly their prisoner twisted his arms from their grasp, and with the exclamation 'Ruffian!' dealt them each a blow which staggered them. Then, taking to his heels, he flew like the wind, he knew not whither. As soou as they had recovered from their;astonishment, the men looked at each other, and then laughed until their sides ached. Then, shaking their heads waggishly, they declared it was 'just like hiin,' and strode after the fugitive. The escaped prisoner ran on at the top of his speed, and, passing through a little bit of wood, came suddenly upon a crowd of men, who gazed on him much susprised, and then, with much concern in his tones and a few non-repeatable oaths, one of them hoped his eyes would be—well dimmed—if it wasn't " that of a Hoboken Chicken." Our friend looked on and listened, and, more bewildered than ever, allowed them to lead him to a booth close by, where two of the crowd, swearing at him the while, asked him whether it was his intention that they should lose, " the pile they'd laid on him." But no sooner was the comforter off his cars and his overcoat unbuttoned at the threat, than, with mouth and eyes wide open, the crowd cried the chorus : "This aint the chicken." And they immediately added: " You don't mean to call yourself ' The Hoboken Chicken,' do you? Come, you can't gammon us like that. Who the devil are you, anyhow ?" " Really," replied our traveller,' I almost begin to doubt my own identity. At home I am known as the Rev. John Higgins," Then, as they all left the booth to seek Mr. Higgiiis' captors, the reverand gentleman added, as he turned to a sporting-looking person in the crowd: " Pray, sir, can you tell me the nature of this meeting ? Is it a revival ?" At the sound of his voice the person addressed quietly turned, and as he gazed at the parson his face grew white, aud he would have moved away without responding. But the parson was too quick .for him. He had recognized an old acquaintance, and joyfully cried as he seized his hand: " My dear Deacon Bowler, don't you know me ? Ah, this meeting must be for revival purposes, or you, would not be in its midst.". Never was deacon more sheepish—looking than Bowler as he stammered out: " Hush ! Mr.. Higgius. We shall get into trouble if it is known who we are. We shall be disgraced forever," and will not dare show our faces at home again." " For Heaven's sake, don't speak in parables! What does this crowd mean ?" ' Whisper!' . The parson lent an ear. ' Prize-fight.' ' What!' ' Prize-fight. Look at the ropes. Didn't you come to see it ?' ' The Lord forbid!' Then he added solemnly : ' Did vou, deacon ?' ' Well, I'm afraid I did, Mr. Hig- gins.' There was a long pause—to the deacon an awful pause. With a longdrawn sign tho parson took the backsilder's arm and walked him away briskly from the scene. No one interfered, for at that "moment the real ' Hoboken Chicken ' appeared on the scene, and was swearing like a trooper at his two assistants, who had made so stupid a blunder. Tho parson and the deacon got home all right. On the way the deacon said timidly: ' Is this to be mentioned at home, Mr. Higgins ?' ' I think not, deacon,' replied the parson; and Mr. Bowler's lugubrious expression was changed for one of peace and contentment. . On the following day the deacon whispered the parson: ' You won the light yesterday. The ' Hoboken Chicken' got away "with his man.' And the parson tried to look severe. But a smile was on his lips, and he went his way with a merry twinkle in his eye.— New York Clipper. 