LADT ENNEBDALB'S3EWELS. " Ton will certainly either lose that caM,« ban.it stolen from yon, one of these days," said Lord Ennerdale to his 1 wife, in that peculiar j acidulated tone winch;' her. ladyBhip disliked above all things to hear. It -was the 20th of December. Lard and Lady Ennerdale were going down to Fairmead to epend Christmas with Mr. and. Mrs. Nugent Dawson. Quite a dis tingmahed company were to meet there, and, Lady Ennerdale had determined to take her diamonds. She felt sure that no each necklace as here would be seen at Fairmead. It was not merely that ; the-atones of which it was composed were remarkable for their weight and brilliancy, it was the feet of their being' so inimitably matched as regarded . size and quality that gave.. the necklace an almost unique reputation among each baubles. It had come down to the present Earl from his great grandfather, who had brought it with him from India (there were strange stories afloat at the time, as _ to the mode, in which he. .had become possessed of it), and it was looked upon' as being as much a part of' the entailed property as Wychcombe itself. - - There was a second family jewel «| lesser value than the necklace, but almost as highly prized, in a certain emerald bracelet which had been an heirloom in the Ennerdale family for generations, and had glittered' on the arm of 'one Countess after another from the days of Queen Anne nntii now. . That Lady Ennerdale duly prized these family treasures need hardly be said, bat being naturally of a somewhat forgetful and npauspicions disposition, her husband morethan once had felt Himself compelled to beg ofherto look more carefully after their ssjetoeepiiig.<\- On one-occasion her ladyship had left her jewel-case behind hei when returning from a. country visit, and /had not discovered her loss tUl the train had taken - her twenty miles on her homeward journey. In this instance the telegrhf/h-was at once put into requisition, and no harm ensneiL \- Another time there wbs clear evidence that an attempt had been made to enter her dressing-room at home, with what intention there could be little doubt. The attempt, however, had been foiled, but even had it been successful the thieves would not have found the booty they were doubtless in search of the Earl having taken the precaution to deposit the necklace and other valuables with his bankers only a few days previously. Knowing, as _he did, how forgetful his wife often was, even' over matters of much importance, -it was not to be wondered at that his lordship sometimes felt an -uneasy qualm with -regard to the safety of the family jewels. : In the present instance, in order that there might be no mistake in the matter, her ladyship, before . leaving Grosvenor Square, had with her own hands put the case under -the seat of the brougham. A larger esse, . containing less valuable articles, was in charge of Piper, her maid. All had gone well till King's Cross was reached. Here the Earl, alighting first, weut forward at once into the booking- hall. Half a minute later her ladyship followed him, carrying Carlo under one arm, but serenely forgetful of the fete of the jewel-case left noder the seat of the brougham. The Earl had obtained bin tickets and was counting his change, when a horrible recollection flashed across her ladyship's brain. Setting Carlo un ceremoniously down, she ran across the booking-hall in a very undignified manner for a countess, and was just in time to see the brougham disappear round the corner on its way back from the station. A porter was despatched after it fall speed, and five minntes later Lady Enner dale had the satisfaction of having the jewel-case placed in her hands. Then it was that toe Earl, who had followed her out, had said to her in his iciest tones: " You will -certainly either lose that case, or have it stolen from you, one of these days." It' wsb his only rebnke, -but her ladyship felt it -keenly. She was thank ful when Fairmead was reached, and the case safely deposited, for the time being, in Mr. Nugent Dawson's strong-room. \- When Emily Stan dish, the daughter of a poor commoner of good family, became toe wife of this Earl of .Ennerdale eveiybbdy said that she had married for position, and to a certain extent every body was right. Bat when, everybody said it was impossible that she could ever lore 'her husband — a man nearly twice her age — a man whose days and nights were given up to fighting the battles, of the Opposition — then every body for once proved to be in the wrong. When lady Ennerdale married her husband she respected him greatly, and liked him a little. By the time her wedding ring was six months old she had- learned to love him in all-sincerity — also- to fear hima little, which latter was perhaps a wholesome state of feeling, Bering , that with the best heart in toe world her ladyship was still somewhat of Afeather-brain. .... v , Some of her friends who had' never experienced more than a tepid liking for theirs husbands could -not imagine-what toe 'Countess could sec in a -man like jSnuerdale to make- ber-so tcte montee about' him. To them he- seemed nothing more than a high-dried, undemonstrative Spotchman who wore check -trousers and thick' shoes, "and talked- witha north - country burr, and who was -rarely to be seen without a -Bine Book in: dosetprox- imity-to him. - They-liad never penetrated that husk of shyness in -which the hard- headed Scotchman shut himself up ftpm all save a- fewintimatea. They remem bered that when a young man, and before he came into the title; he bad been noted for his eccentricities and quaiut practical jokes. But they did not know, or else they had conveniently forgotten, that he had been equallynoted forgooduess of heart, and a free-handed generosity that had. often . made him the victim of de signing knaves. Time had doubtlesss taught -him the .wisdom of reticence in many ways, but it had not spoilt his good heart, as his (rife was 'not long in finding out. In bis love she fonnd a safe and sunny anchorage from which their was no danger of her ever drifting JLW&J.; -Christmas Eve was here, and there was to be a grand dinner-party at Fairmead. " I Bhsll wear my diamond necklace to night," said lady Ennerdale to her maid. "The very thing, my lady, to go with your pink satin," remarked Piper, 'ob sequiously. Tea was set out in;Mrs. Nngent Daw? son's boudoir for each of toe Jsdiesas chose to partake of it previously to dressing fot dinner. rTo several .of them this half-hour's interiudeof tea and gossip, to which the gentleman were not admitted, was one of the most agreeable episodes of the day. Before going down stairs this evening, Lady Ennerdale passed out of her own room and through the bedroom into her husband's dressing-room beyond. His lordship was busy among his letters, as he generally was at this time of the day. "Hard 'at work to usual," said Lady Ennerdale, as she stooped and touched her husband's forehead lightly with her lips. " The post leaves in half an hour, and I have three letters still to answer," re plied the Earl. " After that I shall go down to the library." " I thought of wearing my diamonds, to-night," said her ladyship. ; " To be sure, my dear, why not? Daw son has got the case locked np in bis strong-room. Piper has only to ask for it." : As the Countess want;down stairs she met Piper coming np with the jewel-case, which Mr. Dawson had just handed to her. Six o'clock was striking as they passed each other. 7 Whilst lady Ennerdale was "taking tea, Piper thought it would be a good op portunity for her to epend half -en hoor - in the servant's halD No one' loved 1 gossip more than Piper, and it was not in her nature to resist- any occasion -of gratifying her weakness. No sooher had she safely conveyed the jewel-box -into Lady Ennerdalefe dressing tooss, Shan toe slipped down stairs on her ownhcconnt, and ins few moments was plunged in toe dahgbtaof a violent flirtation, i Time passes quickly when thru em ployed, and when Piper, .thought .that twenty minutes had gone She was horrified to find . that nearly an hoar had elapsed since she first came down. Hie remem brance of the neglected jewel-case flashed across her, and jumping up with a ehriek that considerably startled her companions, and pnt all romantic notions to flight, she quitted the robm with' as muchhasteas ghosts are said to disappear at cock-crow. Seven o'clock was striking as Piper hurried back, up stairs. . Time hsd passed so pleasah tly that for ongejshe was jreally frightened to find how'late it was." She hoped most devoutly that . her mistress was not writing for her, and as she ran up stairs ber ready brain coined « pleasant little fiction with which to turn away toe sting of her ladyship's anger. "' On trying the door of toe'dressing-roqm Piper found it locked. Sfiie gave a timid, little knock, to which . there was no re sponse. Then she knocked again, more loudly, and cried in her affected tones, ' My lady — are yon there ?" Still no answer. Then she went to the next door in the corridor, which' wto that of the Countess's bed- room. That also was - locked, as was the' third door she tried, which opened into the Earl's dressing- room. Slightly puzzled, Piper went down again at fall speed. Meeting another servant, she Baid, " Have the ladles done tea yet 1" but before she could' be ans wered, the Conn tees came out of Mrs. Dawson's boudoir. " I was jnst coming down to look for yonr ladyship," srid Piper, glibly, but not without a guilty feeling at her heart " Coming to look for me Piper 1" "To ask yonr ladyBhip for the key of the dressing-room. The door's locked and I can't get in," "My dressing-room door locked I What do yon mean J" " I just ran down stairs to the house keeper's room to get a bit of camphor for my hollow tooth," replied the ready- tongued Piper. "I was half distracted with face-ache, my- lady.- - 1 had to writ while Mrs. Drabble found the camphor,; though I couldn't have been away more than five minntes,' but when I got bick upstairs I found the dressing room door locked, and nobody answered when I knocked." " What became of my jewel-case while , you were away from the room ?" "I left it nnlocked on the dressing- table ready for yonr ladyship," answered Piper, more timidly than she had yet spoken. " Yon left my jewel-case on the dressing- table while yon went down Btaira, and did not even take the precaution to lock the door after you !" said the Countess, in a tone of high displeasure. What unpardonable carelessness !" " I am very sorry, my lady," returned Piper humbly, for she was really alarmed at the responsibility she had incurred by leaving the room. "Baton doubt the jewel-csBe is quite safe." ' : "Safe !" echoed the Conntess, turning cold at the bare idea of its being anything else f What do youmean, Piper f Yon really deserve <a month'&'Wantiug for such imprudence." They had been slowly ascending the stairs as.ttifiy talked, aad-had reached toe dressing-room by this time. "Without further parley -her ladyship turned the handle, butrrafy to find that the door was really locked. Then die knocked and said, "James, are yon there ?" but there came no response. Piper meanwhile had tried the two other doors and found that they also were still locked.: "This is Ennetdale's doing,", said the C-oontess to herself. " He has found my jewel-case on the table, as Piper left it, and has locked the doors by way of teaching us to be more careful in futnre." She was seriously annoyed. Nothing was more vexing to her than to be found fanlt with by her hnsband, and she knew that in the present case he would not hold her blameless. He would- say that she ought to have given Piper a special caution not to leave the room while the jewel case was about. "See whether you can find Lord Ennerdale," she said to Piper," "and say tost I shonld like to see him as duicklyas possible." Away went Piper in fear and trembl ing. There was only one man in the -world of whom she stood in awe, and that man was the Earl. She found him in the library alone, immersced in some rare folio, and delivered her message. He answered her with a nod — being a man of -few words — and shutting up his book at once, proceeded np stairs in a leisurely way, whiBfling under Kb breath, and jingling the loose change in his pocket as lie went. Piper followed quaking at heart The Earl found his wife with a shawl thrown - round -her, paring- toe cold corridor.' "I want to get; into my dress ing room," to® said with a little Impa tience in her .tone: " Be good enough to open the door. I shall hstdfybe dressed jntixnefw dinner. w :s The Earl looked at her and tagged at his whiskers. "Open the door of your dressing- room ?" he said. "And pray what is the matter with the door that I shonld be fetched all the way from toe library to open it?" " As if you did not know ! It is locked, of course, as is also the bed-room door and that of your dressing-room. But do make haste and open it. Of course it was excessively careless of Piper to leave toe room while my jewel- case was in it, and I am " "What," almost shouted the End. " Your jewel case left in the room and the doors found locked 1 Then as sure as you live it has been stolen !" " But" it was yon who locked the door, wae.it not?" asked the CoautesB, with a sadden tremor in her voice. The Earl made no answer in words, but dashing into toe nearest bedroom that was open, he issued therefrom next moment, poker in- hand. Using this implement as a lever for insertion between the door and the jamb, the Earl after a half - a dozen powerful wrenches, contrived to burst open the door of -hU wife's dressing-room. He rnshed invfollowedhy the Countess, and, at a more modest -distance, by Piper. Ttfe tale told itself in a moment ...Ope. -of the two windows was wide open. :The< candles in the sconces were all Mown out save one. An overturned chair, a shattered . vase, ' and Lady Ennetdale's jewel case nowhere to be seen. : "Bobbed, by Jove! -Just as I thought,'' cried ' the Earl - with a ' groan. For the first time in her life Lady Ennerdale fainted. Her., husband was just in time: to catch her, or she would have fallen. Piper showed symptoms of coming bystorics- " Hold your tongue, you idiot I" cried the Eari sternly, - "and -attend to yonr mistress. It is all through your careless ness that this has happened." - While Piper attended to the Conntess, the Earl lighted another candle and explored the two remaining rooms But before doing this he took a glance at tbe. open window. He had made 'up his mind that he shonld find a ladder out side, and be did find one. The mode by which the thief or thieves had -obtained ingress into .the room was at once apparent- The three doors were locked on the inside, and the keys of two of them were still -in . toe locks The third key was afterwards found on the carpet. At a cursory glance no farther property than the jewel-case seemed to be missing, a feet which subsequent examination fully 'confirmed. In the Earl's dressing-room was a large and heavy travelling-track of peculiar substantial make. Stooping down to examine this, his lordship was startled to see certain marks round the lock which plainly indicated that some body had been frying to force it The Earl tnrned pale as he examined the marks by the rid of . his candle. " How fortunate they aid not succeed in breaking it open," he exclaimed under his breath. There was a writing table close by, which the Earl next proceeded to ex amine. - Thelockof this had been violently forced, bat the contents being nothing .bat letters and documents, had not been interfered with. An Indian cabinet of rare workmanship, which stood on the table in the bed-room, had alsu been broken open, but nothing -taken out of it. Money or jewellry hsd evidently been the object of toe thieves' quest, bnt not find- ing either, they had declined to burden themselves with any - meaner spoils, und contenting themselves with the case which contained toe diamond necklace, Hie _ emerald bracelet, and a few other articles, they had decamped -to quickly as they had come. It was most fortunate that the other case, in which was the Countess's own collection of jewels, was still in Mr. Dawson's strong-room, or that also would undoubtedly have been taken: . While the Earl was looking about in much perturbation of spirit, his eye was caught by some strange object 00 the floor. . He stooped to pick it np. It proved to ;be a chisel —the implement, undoubtedly, with which , the writing- desk and toe 'Indian cabinet had been forced open, -and which had tested the strength of toe Earl's travelling-trunk. " It's all a - mystery. I was never more puzzled. in my life," arid toe Earl to himself,- as he put toe chisel in his pocket .and- wait back to his wife's dressing-room. " Who on earth can have done ifef" And yet there seemed nothing about toe affair that -need have puzzled his lordship.- - What could be more admirably simple; than : toe way too robbery had been planned and carried out - A ladder, a window, an empty room, a little box that . a man . might stow away in his great ebbtpocket. - Of a sarety there was nothing mysterious in all this. Her ladyship was lying on the sofe, pale but conscious, .when her hnsband entered thedressing'room. - " Go down stairs and ask Mr. Dawson to be good enough to step up and see me," said the Earl to Piper, as he shut the window the thieves had left open ; " and see that, at -present, yon don't -say - a word to anybody about the robbery." " Can you ever forgive me, James ?" asked the Countess timidly on the sofa. " I suppose I shall have to fry to do so," answered the Earl, a little grimly. "I shall never forgive myselfi" said the Countess, with tears in her voice. To this her husband made no response ; with the assistance of bis double eye glass he was examining the marks left by a large and dirty boot on the chintz covering of a chair near the window. " Dont you think, dear, that there's any cbauce of our recovering the — the stolen property ?" asked ; the Countess after a pause. " Not the remotest, 1 should say," was the sententious answer. " But what shall I do ?" returned Lady Ennerdale in distress. My best jewels are gone — I have nothing left to wear." The Conntess was discouraged, and buried her face in the pillows. If he would bnt have talked to her! There would have . been some .consolation in that, however slight She never felt So near disliking her husband as when he withdrew himself into himself — "just as if he were a snail, "as theConntesssometimes said— and would not talk to her ; Wonld hardly even answer ber questions. Bat it was not often tost he treated her tons. Perhaps the very - rarefy of such -treat ment made her feel it all the more when she had to wbuiit to it, Mr Dawson came tramping upstairs as though he were tramping over one of his own turnip fields. . . Aheai-y man into a red good humoured face and long sandy whiskers — a modern bucolic. English . man. Three minntes sufficed to pnt him in possession of the facta of the case so far as they were known. - " Send for the police without a minute'e delay," was his first ojracular utterance, and he rang the bellashespoke. " Capital fellow, Baylis, our head constable at Crampton. . We'll have the country scoured from end .to end before we're six hours older. Every- tramp, vagabond, and suspicious character shall be popped into tbe lock-np and made to prove where he was and .what he was abont this evening." . He spoke in sdeh load, cheerfiil, confident tones that his words diffused a warm glow of hope, through the Conntess's chilled heart. "And do- yon 'C really think, Mr. Dawson, tost we shall recover toe necklace ?" she asked in anxious topes." " I am sure I- 'hope ao,inydear lady. I don't see why we 'shouldn't.' These" clever rogues generally oven-each them selves in one way or another, and . as .1 said before, Baylis is an .uncommonly sharp fellow." Then to a servant who had answered his ring: ''Tell Tompkins to take -'the dogcart, drive over- to ; Crampton, apd bring back Baylis, the head constable. "He's "not to' lose a minute: " I shall expect him back in an hour and' half -from now:" - : - > » Turning to the 'Eari, Mr. Dawron added: "If you'll allow satiny dear : Eonerdale, I'll take this inqmiy entirely into my own hands." : > ; ' - - 1 " I wish' you 'would," «rid tbe Karl. " It's altogether out of my line, ss you know." Then he handed to -his host the chisel which he-had picked up. "The ladder they no doubt jgot from . the tool house," said Mr. Dawson. " There would be no difficulty about that. But the fact of making your wife's dress ing room their1 point" of attack, and walking off with her- jewel-case and nothing else, would seem to indicate that tbe thieves knew quite well what they were about In feet, there can be no 'doubt that they knew Lady Eunerdsle had brought her diamonds with her, and knew equally well which was the likeliest place to find them. Clever rogues !" Lady Ennerdale did not go down to dinner that evening, but the Earl ate his muttou and played his rubber after wards as quietly as if nothing had happened. He had been more or-less a philosopher all his life. If the jewels were gone, he argued, it wonld Only make the loss worse by worrying about it - A happy faculty, perhaps, that many of us might envy.; but one that, carried to extreme, might lead to indolent inac tion. " You see, dear, Eonerdale is such a philosopher," said the Conntess to Mrs. Nugent Davreon, who had gphe iip'stairs to sit with her friend and administer; such comfort as might be possible under the circumstances. "I sometimes wonder whether be has any nerves at all.' I believe if an earthquake were to take place Mb first care would be to have his beloved blue-books dng out of the ruins. I wish I could be a philosopher," added the poor Countess with a sigh. - Previous to this the Ennerdales had been accommodated with another soite of rooms, the old ones being given over for a time .to the. police. Baylis, -accom panied by Mt. Dawson, who transformed himself into a detective for toe -time being, and qnite enjoyed the assumption, went thoroughly into the affeir. Hiey tramped npstairs and down, they seonred the garden and shrubbery, they wagged their heads solemnly, they whispered confidentially to each other, although nobody was by, and now and then they tempered the keenness of the December weather with seasonable potations of whisky toddy. All night long after he be had gone to bed thoroughly fagged oat, Mr. Nngent Dawson, like the Squire of Locksley Hall, hunted in his dreams, only it was burglars and not foxes toa toe chased through the realms of sleep. When Lord Ennerdale retired for the uight he found his wife asleep, her pillow wet with tears. His face softened as he looked at her. Stooping, he touched her cheeks softly with his lips- The actiou woke her. She grasped one of his hands in both hers. " Oh 1 James, what shall I do ?" she cried,- : and the tears trembled afresh on her eyelids. " Do, Mamie ! It seems' to me that the best thing you can do is to go to sleep again." He so seldom called her -by her pet name that she felt herself half forgiven already. " I am so very sorry " she began. " Not another word to- night, an' thou lovest me," said the Eari, as. he laid a fioger lightly on her lips. " It's no use crying over spilt milk. The diamonds are gone; more's the pify, bnt all the fretting in the world -won't bring than back." " How I wish, darling - 1 'could be a philosopher like you." The Earl's only reply was a shrug of the shoulders. Next day, which was ChriBtmas Day, some half-dozen' tramps Were arrested at different places on suspicion of being im plicated in the bnrglary at Fairmead. The following day saw all of them re leased bnt one. In the pockets of the one in question werefound a 6etof skeleton keys. He had been seen loafing about for two or three days previously, drinking at this and the other low public-house, but never fax away from Fairmead. In addition to all this, the account he gaive of his coinings and. goings on the evening of the bnrglary Was anything bnt satis factory. He was remanded on suspicion, and Mr. Nugent Dawson and Lord Enner dale were at -once communicated with. . Next morning the two. gentlemen drove over to toe jnstice-room at -Cramp ton. "An ill-conditioned car as one would see in a day's march," ' was Mr. Dawson's comment as the prisoner -was brought in. 1 " We should ril -have a Jbtrigdog look if we hadn't been -shaved for a week and had an ngly scar running right ' across one . cheek, as that fellow "has," Said the EarL. , " He's not the sort of man, to my mind, who .wonld be likely to plan and carry1 ont such a 'robbeiy aa onrs," The case against the prisoner was so suspicions tost toe magistrate remanded him for a week in order to give the police time to.make .further enquiries respecting hie antecedents. At the end of the week nothing further fcad been elicited tending to criminate bun. . gravri fitrt. still remained, that ;a set of akrietbn freys3iad been found in his possession, but it oonld not. be shown that he-was ,in any. way mixed np with the robbery at Fairmead. The magistrate; made up his mind to commit him for a month as a rogue and vagabond, "Poor devil! why. not let him go ?" Baid Lord Ennerdale, who was seated on the bench. ' "Do youreally mean it?" asked toe' magistrate, in surprise. "Ido.- : I shall take it as a favour if you will ' let himi go. ecot free: . There is no case against him, and Jhe has suffered nine dayB imprisonment already. Surely, a sufficient pnmwhment for .bring taken np on suspicion." Accordingly the prisonerwasdischarged with a caution to get away from the neighbourhood as quickly as poesible. "Had not Lord Ennerdale so kindly interceded for yon, yon wonld certainly have been committed for a month, "'were the magistrate's' parting words. ' As Mr, . Dawson and the Earl ' were driving bad:' to Fairmead -they overtook their quondam prisoner, who' was trndging wearily " along . the high road, leaving Crampton . behiud him. Mr. Dawson reined aphis horse for a moment. " Hi! ; you fellow,'' he called out. " Don't iet- your face be seen in- these parte again, or' you won't get off so easily next time." >'. 'The Earl said nothing, but tossed the man a sovereign. He canght it dexter- onsly; and pnt it in his pocket. "Thank you heartily, my lord," he said, carrying a .-finger to bis forehead:' "If we had a few more liKe jop there "wouldn't be half so many -thieves in the world." . " Then you admit that yon are a thief?" said Mr. Dawson drily.- ' " Whatever1.I,.am,".sai the man, "I wish I'may never see the son set again if it was me as tbdk toe lady's diamonds!" " Gammon J" ejaculated Mr. Dawson, contemptuously, as he flicked his. hone wito"the- whip, and- in -another minute the inan was lift far behind, . ' Mr. Dawson preserved' a sulky silence the .rest -of . the .way:home. He .was annoyed with the Earl for what he called his " sentimental tomfoolery" Then he pgnsoledhimself-by'saying,. " Bnt Enner- daLe- always : was noted for biis -eccentrici ties; and this is only one more' added to the number." ' The Ennerdale robbery was a nine dayls wonder, as such affiura. always. are, and formed material for a paragraph in every newspaper in the kingdom. The Earl was persuaded into offering a large' reward, but nothing came of it; and aB he had said from the first that nothing would come of it, he conld hardly be dis appointed. Snch ladies of the Countess's acquaintance as had diamond necklaces of their own, sympathised deeply witb her in her loss, bnt whether they were reaify sorry at heart was best known to themselves. TheCqantass,knowingwliat great store her hnsband had set by the family jewels, sometimes felt -doubtful whether he had really forgiven her. Although he hardly ever allnded to the snhject, she often fancied that there was ia shade of coldness in his manner towards her, such' as she had never noticed before. Still, it might .be nothingmore than fancy on her part, but she worried herself all -the more in secret because she was not quite positive as to its existence. Time went on, bringing with it another Christmas in due course. On Christmas Eve, Lord and Lady Ennerdale were dining by themselves at their house in London.. They. had finished a round of country visits only two days previously, and were glad to be alone for a tittle while. " Do -yon remember . what happened this night a year ago f asked the Earl, when the servants had left the room. "Can I>ever forget it? Never a day passes, or a night either for that matter, but what I mourn for my poor lost neck lace." ' "Should.you not like another one?" Yesaud No." " Explain yourself." " Show me the woman who would hot like to have a diamond necklace. Bat if I had another I should be for ever worrying myself about its safety. I should never feci happy except when it was locked np at your -bankers'." " When I called in at Hunt and Bos- kell's this afternoon they showed me snch a lovely necklace." "Ah!" ' " Your mouth would have watered had you seen it. They -only wanted six thousand guineas for it," "Only, James! Who would be mad enough to spend six -thousand guineas on a necklace?" . " Plenty of people. . Why, toe . one that you lost — or rather the one that was stolen from you — was worth considerably more than that." " And then it was a family jewel, which made it still more valuable," said the Conntess, -with a sigh. " Precisely so," satd the Earl, drily. He, peeled himself a' walnut before he spoke again. His wife sat gazing sadly into the -fire. . " Now- listen to me," said toe Earl. You know that I have been saving np for some time past in order that I might buy a. certain piece of land which is sure to -come to toe hammer when poor old Twentyman dies— and the doctors gave him up several weeks ago. But I have been thinking that as it most be very annoying to you to have no necklace to wear, and aB Hunt's people have each s magnificent sample on sale, I conld not do .better than invest six thousand guineas of my sayings in the purchase of it. After all, you know, I don't see- why I need bother about the land. It was only a little-fancy of mine that I should like to have it -Nothingmore." For a minute the Countess sat without speaking. Then she - said, "You shall make no Guch sacrifice for me, James. I have made up my mind never to wear another diamond necklace as long aB I live, ; so you need never offer to buy one for ma" ........ "Think twice before you 'deride," 1 " I have thought'." " Is that your ultimatum J"' /' \- "it is— mdS emphatically." -Then she rose and went, j'round to where her husband was eittine, and putting her arms round , his neck, she stooped and kissed him. ' You are too good to me. IAon't deserve so much kindness," shemurmnrad; and the Earl felt a tear on his forehesd. He peeled another walnut and ate it in silence. Then he rose. " Excuse my leaving yon," he said. "I shall be back in three minutes." — - Before ; the topee mintites had expired he ws8 Ijack again. - The Countess,sitting in a -dejected attitude before the fire, did not look np as hs -wntared. - He . crossed toe roomto her and beot over the back of the chair. ". You said just now that you would nsrer wear a -diamond neck lace again. Will yon refuse to wear this onef She looked Up, startled. There was a moment's silence, and.then she gaye vent to an inarticulate ciy of surprise and delight She could hardly credit the evidence of ber eyaB. There, before her, in the old, worn, well-remembered case, she saw -the diamond necklace and the emerald bracelet of which she hsd been robbed a year ago that night \ "Ob, my darling, what does it all mean f ' she contrived to gasp out " It means that your jewels have come back to you as mysteriously as they went Let as hope that yon will know how to take better cue of them in time to come." "Then toe thieves : have been canght,; and- " " The thief stands before you. I am that/felonious individual." « You, James ? Oh !" " Yes, I." Taxing the necklace oat of its case, he clasped it round his wife's neck, ' then he drew np a chair and sat down opposite to bet "Yon are dying for an explanation ?" he arid. " I am indeed." She could not resist standing np and. glancing at henrif for a moment in toe glass over the chimney- piece. Then toe sat down again with a sigh of supreme satisfaction. "After I had finished my letters that evening," began the'Eul, I went into' your dressing-room to aak yon a question.' You were not there," " I had gone down to 'Mis. Dawson for a cup of tea,'1 interposed Lady.; Ennerdale. . " Very probably, my dear," returned the -Earl' -drily- ' "As I Bay, yon were' not there ; : neither was Fipo; but on the dressing table was yonr jewel-case ready foranyoneto pocketwhoinight choose to do so. - To eay that I was not annoyed Would not beto state the troth. All at once it came nito'my head that I would try to commit an amateur bmglary and carry off the casket in order to prove to yon bow easily it '' might be stolen in reality. . While out -in toe morning;. I, had noticed a ladder resting against a wall near the tvol-honse which it seemed to ' me would answer my purpose.. When I got out into the shrubbery not a creature was about. The - night was a very cold one, and light snow was falling. ' Five minutes later ! had climbed the ladder, pushed open. toe window of your dressing-room and made myself master of your jewel-case. Nothing conld be more easy." " Good gracious ! James, however- dared you do each a thing ?" - " Having got possession of the case, I. walked through the bed-room into my own ' dreBring-iroom nnlocked my big travelling trunk; popped tbe case into it, re-locked the trnnk,£and went back by' the way I came, that is to say, through tbe window and down the ladder.. I was quietly chuckling to myself over your discomfiture when - Piper fonnd me in the library and told me that yon wanted me." . . " What an adventure 1 What a. capital professional -burglar you would -make 1 You must have been changed at nurse, dear," said the Conntess. The Earl laughed. "It is my turn to be angry at having each a trick played off upon me, and -I am not quite sure yet that I shall forgive yoa," continued ber ladyship. . " Wait till you have heard all." " How absurd of you to lock the doom and give yonreelf the trouble of forcing an entrance." ' " It was not I who locked toe doora. It. was oot I who forced open the Indian casket, or the writing-table, or who-tried to break into my travelling-trunk. ' I left no chisel on toe floor, nor was that the mark of my boot on toe chintz cover ing of the chair near the -window." The Conntess was staring at him with' parted lips and frightened eyes. "If you did not do these things, who was it that did them f" " A man, a professional burglar, who fonnd his way into toezoom afew minutes after I had left it, with the foil intention of stealing your- diamond necklace. He was banlked in- the attempt, bnt had I not fortunately been .first in the field, and taken possession of toe -esse, yon would certainly never have set eyes on it again." " Bat how did you find out this f ' " On one of the men who was taken up on suspicion was found a bunch of skeleton keys. Ibis of itself was very suspicions, bnt nothing farther conld be traced to connect him with toe supposed bnrglsiy. Hsd I not interfered in his behalf, Colonel Bawson would have given him a month's imprisonment as a rogue and vagabond ; but knowing well he woe not the thiefi I saw no reason why he should -be thus punished. Meeting him accidentally afterwards, I gave him a sovereign. It wonld seem that the fellow did not forget what I had done for him. Abont three months ago he got into some more serious difficulty, and then he wrote me a rude sort of epistle in which he told me that he bad followed us dawn from London to Fairmead fully intending to stealtoe necklace. Thathe had obtained accem to your dressing-room by means of the ladder so conveniently placed there, but that, to his intense disgust, no jewel- case was to be found. ' It seems to me that some one had been there afore me,' added my friend, in conclusion. That ' some one,' as yon know already, was myself." "James." said Lady Ennerdale, humbly, " you have indeed rendered me a service and tanght me a lemon. If ever I am careless again, I shall deserve a greater punishment than this has been to me." "I am not afraid, my love," replied the Earl, kissing his wife. " As yon say, it has been a lesson to you, and I see that you have learnt it well" 