ALES, ETC. EVELEENBEDGKREAVE; OB, THE BARRINGTONS OF BRABAZON HALL. BY E. L. A. BEBWICK. CHAPTER XLV.—fConlinuedj. "WELL?" II J did so, of course; and, as lie knew nothing more about me than that I had been three years in the service, he thought, naturally enough may be, miss—and that's the worst of it, for all the world will do the gajne that I was—was as bad as himself. But I'm not; I have my poor paralytic mother depending on me, or I would have walked the world .long ago rather than remain in it." "Did Walsh speak to yon of me—did he mention my name?" I asked. "In the course of conversation, I took the liberty of asking after your health, miss, which I had my own reasons for doing," he answered; " and he laughed and rubbed hiB hands together (it's a way he has when he's well pleased at any thing), and he said that he believed you were in good health, and had gone on a little visit to a friend in the country. I then inquired whether it was likely we should see you in Dublin when Miss Barrington was married to the master, and he winked hard at me, and said he rather thought not, for that you would be better 6 " V^kat followed then P" I demanded. 1 1 He became a little confidential, miss ; for he took a glass or two of whiskey in his tea—that's another fashion of his—and he said (though I knew that before) that Mr. O'Fea thought you were too fond of meddling in family affairs; and by degrees it came out, that they were afraid of your influence with your consin, and that Bhe had been calling for and grieving after you ever since she left home." My poor—poor Mary ! "It's my belief, Bill, he said—for my name is Bill too, miss—that if Miss Redgrave was to come up amongst us until the fetter is forged and the links wedded, it would only lead to vexation and delay; for, as it is, Miss Barrington is always looking backward instead of forward, and the turn of a finger would make her draw back, late as it is. I don't wonder at her, either," continued Black Bill, with another of his winks—"for Cabbell O'Fea is both a bad man and an ugly Christian; but, for all that, he must have his way in this matter, as his heart is set on it, and we must stick to him until he leaves the altar a married man, at all events." " And then—what then?" " While Walsh was at his breakfast, Mr. O'Fea went out and came in again," continued Burke. "They had anothsr long conversation together, and after that I was ordered to pack up his valise; and it was then that he told me he was going to Bray with Mr. Barrington's family ; though, when I mentioned it to Black Bill, he winked harder than ever, and said it would be a clever fellow that went to Bray to look for them—and found them there." '' What reason did he give for this ?" " None—or next door to it, miss. I tried to get something more out of him; but O'Fea, I'm sure, had given him a hint, and even a good dinner and plenty of whiskey punch could not make him open his mind to me." " And where is he now ?" " That's the worst of it, miss," said the poor fellow, with a nervous shudder; he had orders to stay here until the whole party returns from the country, and if by any chance his evil eye should light on you, there is no knowing what the consequence might be." " I have no fearB on that head, at least for myself," I said, composedly; "lam now in a populous city, and under the protection of the law." " You may think so, miss," he answered, shaking his head; " but there is many an offender against the law in the city as well as in the country, and neither Black Bill nor hja employer are men that would hesitate to fly in the face of it, where they had either profit or pleasure to gain by doing so." " I must only be cautious, then, until my uncle returns," I said; "or, a» my business here is with him, I must seek him out and see him, if possible. What distance iB the place you mentioned, Bray, from Dublin ?" " Only a few miles ; but, as I said before, I-have my doubts if they have gone there at all," he answered. " Leave that to me to discover," interposed Cooney, for the first time; " I'll make it out for you before I sleep, Miss Eveleea." . "And I will do my best to watch Black BUI, and try to get the truth out of him; though it's a difficult thing to do that at any time," followed Burke. Still powerless 1 I was at a stand-again:. once more had Mr. Cabbell O'Fea andhls agents foiled me. It was evident, however, from his movements, tint ha dreaded aw in* fluenoe over Mary; and that he had removed his victim, lest by any cimnoe she it was plain from all this, that 'ha had some partioularly strong .motive for persisting in his dfesire to allay himself to the Barrington family. Of downright desperate love I did not.aoouse him; although, the loveliness rad innocence of Maiy might acquit him of the weakness if tt wte the cause; but love—true love, at least—laoks selfishness, and, though it may suffer from the sacrifice of self-denial, the martyrdom of feeling is repaid by the gratitude whioh rewards it, and follows in its train. Tried by this test, Mr. Cabbell OFea's affection was a parcel of the rest; it sounded as hollow as a drum. He loved Mary as a means to an. end. To secure her was to stifle her father's complaints, and cover his own misdeeds; she -was to be scapegoat for the malpractices which were intended to be consummated by ousting the father and the son from their patrimony. The evil pride of a bad man stung by opposition, oame to the aid of avarice, and made conquest at any price a tine qua non which had become essential to his peace. To rescue one was to rescue all; andas I thought it within the scope of possibility that my voice might now be listened to, and my representations and details have weight, I had no idea of forsaking a pursuit which had cost me so much, until I had made a final struggle which to myself might only eventuate in personal annoyance and possible disgrace. I dismissed my friendly aides, after another consultation, and then I resigned myself for the day, to suffer again the tortures of suspense. I dared not stir abroad, for Black Bill and his prowling step and watchful eye were in the neighbourhood. I tried to read—in vain! Mary's pale face and beseeching look came between me and the page, until the latter dropped to my knees blistered with my tears. I tried to think—to think hopefully; another failure, too. Landore .' alas, the name had lost its charm — for the present, at least! The phantom of old times and ardent professions rose to my eye, and saddened me still more. The happy spirit thinks lightly of the sorrows or trials that have passed; it is the ghost of vanished pleasure that turnB a demon in our grief, and stalks from the memory to revel in our pains. I stood at the window as a last resource; but sighs instead of smiles still followed me. Happy faceB and careless loiterers passed by—the gay, the vain, the busy, and the proud. I wondered at them; but I envied them alBO; the spirit of resignation was dead within me; and though prudence perforce pinned me to my voluntary prison, I felt like the bird chained to its miserable limit, and would have dashed myself against the bars had I not a prospect of release. In the evening Cooney came; his face spoke for him. He had failed. "There wasn't a house in the town I didn't go into, Miss Eveleen," he said; " but it's the old trick with Cabbell, saying one thing and doing another. He's used to it, and even when there is no need to tell a lie, he does it out of pure devilment and diversion. The world can't beat him at a bouncer, anyway." "And Walsh; what of him?" I demanded. " I left him to Burke; but it will surprise me to hear if he has picked the lock that Black Bill is determined to keep shut. Like master like man—all the world over. But here he is to answer for himself." As he spoke, his friend entered. " There is something about Black Bill that I can't make out, Miss Bedgreave," he commenced, looking at the door, and then glancing apprehensively round the room; " he and I are the best of friends, and yet either he can't or he won't tell me more than I knew before without asking him." " Perhaps he is left as much in the darkas yourself, niraelf," I said, encouragingly; "his em- ployer is not famous for giving unnecessary information to his subordinates." " That is not it, miss," he said, gravely ; "I saw Bill enter Baxter the attorney's house—though he didn't see me, and in half an hour after Baxter came to the hotel, and enquired very particularly if I knew where Mr. O'Fea was, and when he would be home. He also took away with him three or four letters that had arrived this morning, and asked me for a deed I was drafting, in order that he might have some corrections made in it. Now, if there is a man in all Ireland knows where my master is gone, it is Dan Baxter; they are hand and glove—birds of a feather; whatever one says the other will' swear to, and all this, coming on the heels of Black Bill's visit to him, makes me uneasy—not for myself, however, bat for you. I ventured to ask Bill a question or two about you, as to what friead yon had gone to visit; and he neither winked nor rubbed his hands, but said that he couldn't rightly say, and hoped you would enjoy yourself, wherever it was. We dined together after that; and, what makes the whole thing more suspicious—he drank only water at dinner, and wouldn't taste punch after it." "That's not like Black Bill, certainly!" chimed in Cooney; "and as yon say, Will Burke, there must be a meaning in it. I have seen him drink four or five noggins of pure poteen before breakfast, and heard him say that it only gave him an appetite. A seasoned cask like Bill doesn't refuse his liquor for nothing." .. " We cannot help any suspicions he may happen to entertain," I eaid, cheerfully; "although, if yon fed afraid to venture further with me. Xmay regret your decision, but l ahall not be displeased with you for making, iti*' .• " Tin obliged to yon, miss, foryourJrindaess," fcesaid, with an air of offended spirit; " but Matt Cooney here oan tell you that I am not the man to desert either a friend or a good cause, because a hand woidor ahard ttow may stand inthe way. I don ? t cate thiee straws for aUther can. dot» *ne; bnt youare a lady, andwnatinight aptmato metremble for mysdf—" • • • i " Pardon me," I Mid, interrnptmghinr; '< lam aorry to have attend* wad ibat could offend or grieve you. I rely on-your good-will, and did not mean to doubt it in the least. I shall trust to you to keep a strict watch on thw man Walsh, while your friend Cooney is otherwise employed in my service. If they mine we must countermine; for I would not willingly return to the country without seeing my uncle and cousin. Are the preliminaries for Miss Barrington's marriage finished ?" "No, miss—Baxter has them in hands; but he told me himself, last week, that he found it a difficult matter to please his client, who wants to make his grasp sure when hegets it." "And—and the day?" " Wednesday next teas the day fixed on for the wedding, miss " " And this is Friday." " But that may be altered now, possibly," he said; " at all events, it cannot well come off without my gaining a knowledge of it, and, whatever I learn, you shall hear almost as soon as 1 do, and at all risks." I pressed money on the friendly confederates before I dismissed them for the night, for I had a secret hoard of my own, which I had long been amassing to provide for contingencies; but they both refused it with scorn; the spirit of their refusal is better conveyed by the emphatic declaration of honest Cooney, that he would "eat his old boots" before a single penny of my money should enter his pocket. Although I demurred, still I forbore for the present to persist; there is a time for all things. Left alone, what was I to do?—sleep? I tried; but the drowsy god failed me, and I awoke in the morning to commence another day of dismal doubt, without the ability to do more than to set others in action, and remain in passive misery myself. Cooney came—and went; but only to return jaded and dissapointed, to repeat his tale of failure. His friend, too, visited me, but mystery was the order of the day. Black Bill had taken leave of him to return home—he said so at least. Over the acts and movements of Cabbell O'Fea, silence, as well as sin, brooded with impenetrable wing. No one seemed, however, to be aware of my arrival; or, if they did, the secret was profoundly kept, since Burke had tried his best to discover whether it was known, and failed. He had always visited me by stealth, and had kept a heedful watch during his ingress and egress, and as he and Cooney had always taken the utmost precautions in their interc ourse, it was to be taken for granted that the conspirators had yet to discover that one of their trusted—or partially trusted— adherents was a spy. Indeed, the account which Burke gave of Mr. Cabbell O'Fea and his affairs, proved clearly enough, before he had done, that even in a worldly sense, " honesty is the' best policy," after all. True it was, he had risen and thriven; but it was as locusts do, by devouring every green thing that grew in his way. The rich man under his guidance became poor, the poor man either a desperado or a corpse ; he lived but. to plunder, and smiled but to destroy. The friend who trusted him remembered his professions and shuddered ; the creditor who besought his mercy left his presence in all the despondency of utter despair. Gold he had accumulated and land; but he had bartered for them all that makes man respectable in this life, or ready to face another without a pang. He was tolerated, not trusted, spoken to when present, and sneered at when absent; and, although he mingled with the world—the world, always just in its opinions in the aggregate, received him with caution, and treated him with distrust. The general feeling abroad against him was, that as his " hand was against everybody," so everybody's hand ought to be against him; and latterly, some of his proceedings had been so daringly grasping, that his victims, in sheer desperation, had uttered their complaints aloud, and had found friends and defenders in the depths of their distress. Like every man who makes avarice his idol, he sneered at the idea of others being more benevolent or disinterested than he was; and on this prinoiple he trampled on the downcast not only without pity for them, but without fear for himself. But in this lowly estimate of human nature he was mistaken; the theory of the evil-doer is based on a false assumption always. Toleration or success may attend him np to a given point—but then it stops there, and he can venture no further without a risk of disgrace and defeat. In more than one instance this point of recalcitration had been reached by Mr. Cabbell O'Fea, and out of his long list of victims there were now more than one—or two—or three—who had found friends and funds, and who were buoyed with hope again, even when their oppressor fancied that the wings of the goddess were never to hover over their thresholds more. • CHAPTER XLVin. Ax an early hour on Sunday morning I waB awakened from sleep by a modest knock at my ohamber door, and at my invitation the intruder appeared in the shape of the smart brunette. "It is barely half-past five, miaa,^ she said, " and you must excuse 1 my untidiness, foci hadn't time to dresB myself, as I was /wiliJ in suoh a desperate Jinny to giva yon this." She tendered mfrA nqte as . she spoke/ . I tookit—glanoed at it—stubbed my Sye— looked again; was ilr-oonld it J»? The superscription was written ina femaliajhand^, the oharaotera were those oUtaiyBarrfngton herself. : « A moment, if yon please ; I 'Will cuOl jrou presently.?' JJtw -K-uti -» ii-:.' "The man is waitiiigfoe m& -rttasww^ •>jrfJ is •i'jw " Very well." She disappeared, and I tore open the note. " MY OWN DKAE EVELEKN (thus it ran)— Come to me instantly, or I a lost. Ask me not how I have discovered ) .tr residence— but some; I will explain all. Come— come ! I can escape; I will escape if you . assist me. I have bribed the man who brings. you this; he has money to provide a conveyance ; or if not, you can procure one. For my sake—for mine, Eveleen—come instantly, or it will be too late—too laic ! " Ever yours, MAST BABEZNGTOX." I rung again and the brunette appeared. " Be good enough to show the person who brought this note into the sitting- room; I will be with him in five minutes." "JDo youf wish breakfast, miss ? It is a cold morning if you are going out." " No, I thank you ; I shall return to breakfast." I was alone. I laid the treasured note on the toilet table as I dressed, and read it over and over again with a cautious and critical eye. I weighed every word — scrutinised every letter—and ended by the delightful thought that it was my own dear Mary's hand which had traced them. The characters were hurried and tremulous—knowing her, as I did, I should have half suspected their authenticity if they had not been so ; but the style was peculiarly her own. Besides, her messenger was still to be examined, and I trusted to my own powers of observation to detect him if he were false. I finished my toilet, therefore, put on my bonnet and shawl, placed my purse in my pocket, and sallied down to receive my welcome but unexpected visitor. He was a small, spare man, of more than middle age, with a florid face, bald head, and vigilant eye, which scanned me all over ss I entered the room. He held his hat in his hand, and waited to be addressed before he ' You were the bearer of this note ?" I began. " It may turn out a bad business for me, miss, if it ever comes to be found out—but I was," he answered, in a low voice. " By whom was it given you?" I asked. " God help and pity her, I have daughters of my own, and couldn't but feel for her," was his indirect answer, as he passed the back of his hand across his eyes. "She is in trouble, miss—in great trouble, and it's my certain belief that she'll never live to—to do what they want her." " And what is that ?" "To marry a bad man against her will," he said, emphatically. " How do you know this?" I enquired. "She told me herself, the creature," he answered, "and she crying like a child while she did so. ' If I could get only one word with Eveleen'—that was the name she called you, miss—' I would either get out of this, or I would die happy.'" " And where is she now ?" "Only a step out of town, miss. You know Drumcondra, I suppose?'' " Go on." " It's there they have her—they are all there with her—though it's given ont, she says, that it's Bray they are gone to." " And who are you ? what station do you occupy?'' "My wife keeps the lodge and follows washing, miss, and I am a gardener, and do odd jobB about the place." " To whom does the place you speak of belong?" " To—" he advanced nearer to me, and lowered his voice to an emphatic whisper, " to Mr. Cabbell O'Fea," he said, and then retreated back to the place he had oocupied before. "When did Miss Barrington speak to you?" I asked. " Yesterday evening, miss; I met her in the little shrubbery that borders npon tho— but, as you don't know the place,. I needn't trouble you. She told me her story all of a heap, as it might be, and asked me, as I had a soul to be saved, to help her. She gave me two pound-notes—all she had—here they axe, and promised me more, if I would hire a post-chay and bring the letter to you the first thing in the morning, here, to this hoteL She said she would steal out about six or a little after, and meet you, either at the gate, or inside the dump of trees that stands near it. It was an ugly job, and I only half . promised, for Mr. O Fea is a desperate man to deal with; but when I came to tell Betty— that's my woman—about it, and the girls, one and all they fell upon me,, and said I'd never have a day's luck, nor an hour's grace, if I didn't do her bidding. That? a the way it was, miss, and here I am." " I hope this is all true—that you are not deceiving mef" I said, looking him full in the face as I spoke. He met my gaze with one as open as my own, and then he smiled. "If you doubt me, miss; don't trust me," he said. " It may be all the better for me ; for Cabbell O'Fea has a heavy hand when it falls on the man that offends him; my conscience is easy since I made ydu the offer, at: anyrate. If you don't like to come, I oan easily discharge tiheelmy, and pay the. young man with the lady's money; andBetty or. the -girls can't say I was a coward either." .0 was preparing to. leave the room, ap- • parentjynot at all , displeased to be rid " of the job" on such eaay'terms, when I stopped him. .. ;..,• tfj^tpa*werfj : ,. j. ' t'Ui ji.W.. .. : " • • • - v • ^am 