THE SKETCHER. THE DEATH LIGHT. A LEGEND OF POSSUM GULLY. BY H. J. O. The country around Ararat is wondrously beautiful to those who admire hilly scenery. Hills and deep gorges, lovely valleys, and rocky heights are to be seen on all sides, while the whole is clothed with timber of various sorts. In the distance, and overtowering all, Mount Ararat itself rears its bald head—the only hill uncrowned with trees in the neighbourhood. But the country is not only rich in scenery; it has yielded wondrous golden treasures, and for miles around the evidences of the miner are to be seen in its upturned gullies and on its hill sides. Old Victorians will remember the riches of the Canton Lead and the disturbances with the Chinese, who endeavoured to monopolize its most valuable portions. But the Canton Lead was not the only source of wealth to the district. Scattered here and there were various gullies that had been the source of wealth to many. But at the time of which I am writing the glory of Ararat had passed away. Its riches had been unearthed, and those who had been the fortunate discoverers were scattered. Some had gone to the metropolis, where a few weeks spent in dissipation had reduced them to their former impecuniosity; others had betaken themselves to new mates; some had returned to the old country; while a few others had bought land in the immediate neighbourhood of Ararat, had built themselves comfortable houses, and em- ployed their time partly in cultivating their land and partly in fossicking about the deserted leads, with the ever expectation of discovering something that should render them independent for life. Of this latter class was Ralph McGulpin. Having arrived on Ararat in 1855 with his family he had settled down at the head of the Spring Lead, about two miles from the main Ararat diggings. He was attracted to the spot by the reported richness of the lead, and there he reared his first tent. As time rolled on, and as the land became available, so he became possessed of that around his dwelling, and continued adding acre to acre until his fences enclosed something over 400 acres. This extended from the creek of the range, and embraced within the enclosure the highest hill in the range that formed the western boundary of the lead. The place was roman- tically beautiful. Seated within a hundred yards of the creek was McGulpin's new home- stead, surrounded by its fruit, vegetable, and flower gardens, and beyond the low rises divided into paddocks. In front a steep range, over which the morning sun used to peep, looking down on the place through a fringe of trees; while at the back the big hill, around whose foot the corn in its season grew luxuriantly, rose the mount before alluded to—Mount Dread —in all its wooded grandeur. The house itself was a picturesque addition to the scene, with its solid rough stone walls, its many chimnies, its thatch, and the roses which crept over it and peeped in at its windows. Around in the farm- yard were the comfortable stables, the cartsheds, the smithy, and everything that could make a homestead comfortable and self-supporting. McGulpin lived not alone. He had a wife, a happy, bustling Scotch woman, whose good looks were reflected in her two daughters. Lizzie, her eldest, was of the middle height, and her rounded limbs, and her healthful colour marked her physical perfection. Eyes of deep blue, and hair light-brown, added an enchant- ment to her general appearance Charlotte, the younger, though slender, was tall and grace- ful, and presented a contrast to her sister with her lustrous black eyes and hair, as dark as the crow's wing, that hung in a profusion of ringlets down her back. McGulpin had three sons, but two of them were absent at a distant rush, Bob, the second son, only remaining at home to have an oversight of the farm. Bob was tall and stout and good- looking, so the lassies said, with light hair and whiskers, and clear grey eyes. Away down the lead, on the left hand side, and lying at the foot of the steep range of which Mount Dread formed the apex, was a little cemetery. It had been long unused, for it was full of graves. It was fenced with an acacia hedge, but within all was desolation. The grass and weeds had been suffered to grow at their will; the birds, unmolested, built their nests in the branches of the saplings — all marked the forgetfulness which follows the dead. The inhabitants of the lead as they went to and fro had hitherto passed this resting-place of the dead without notice; but suddenly their attention was drawn to it in a striking manner. A young fellow who had a friendship—not to call it by a warmer term— for one of McGulpin's daughters, lived away down the lead just where "Possum Gully" commenced. After his day's work was done he used two or three evenings in the week to proceed to "Burnside," McGulpin's residence. One dark night as he was returning, and was passing the cemetery, happening to look that way he saw a flickering light hovering about among the graves. Jim was not a coward, and professed to be a disbeliever in the supernatural, yet so unusual a thing as a light there, and at so late an hour startled him considerably. How- ever, he determined to see what was the matter, and so entered within and struck out for the light. As he approached the light became stationary, but just as he seemed to be almost up to it his foot struck against some obstacle, and he was precipitated into an excavation. When he arose the light was gone, and he was in the midst of thick darkness. He called out, but received no answer, and all the tales of ghosts and supernatural appearances that he had heard coming with a rush to his memory, he turned and fled. With the morning light his courage returned, and having narrated the circumstances to some of his friends they laughing at his foolishness, accompanied him to the cemetery to see the hole that he had fallen in. "Why," said Joe, "there's never a hole there—all the holes are filled with bodies. No, Jim, you'd been at Mother Betsy's, and had tipped your little finger a bit" But Jim protested he hadn't had a nobbler that day. "And," said he, "you'll see there's a hole there as sure as my name's Jim." So on they trudged; and sure enough when they reached the spot where Jim said he fell they found a hole—a newmade grave. It was not a large one—big enough to receive a man, but a medium-sized one, large enough to bury a boy or a woman in. They stood gazing in silence. "Well," at last said little Joe, "this beats me all to pieces. Who's dug this yer? Have some of you lads been having a lark?" But they all solemnly protested that they had not, and they still wondered. At last old Scotty spoke, "Lads," said he, "there's something awfu' going to happen. Someone in the gully's going to dee, and it's no that far awa. The licht that you saw, Jim, was the dead licht, and some ones got to go sudden and violent like." As old Scotty was looked upon as an authority, a gloom fell upon the whole place, and after a few had satisfied their curiosity by visiting in broad daylight the scene of Jim's adventure the place was shunned. No one attempted to fill up the grave, and the place was left as it was. Thus a week passed away. At the end of that time news came to "Burnside" that Tom, the accepted of Lizzie, a strapping selector from the North, would be at the place with his teams the following evening; and Bob, having nothing particular to do, determined to go and meet him on the road. He started in the morning, teling Lizzie that they would be home at dusk, and saying that she and Charlotte might as well come down the lead to meet them. Nothing loth they consented, forget- ting that they would have to pass the cemetery alone, or at all events not fearing to pass it in the daylight. The day turned out a most beau- tiful one, though the warmth at that time of year presaged a coming change. During the day the girls were busy in preparing a suitable re- ception for their visitors, and a little before sundown sallied out to meet them, as arranged, at Possum Gully, about a mile down the lead. The walk was a delightful one. On one side the load was bordered by an acacia hedge, while on the other was the flat, through which mean- dered the upturned earth of the lead. But the road no longer consisted of heaps of bare earth. Kind Nature, with her gentle hand, had turned the ugly ruggedness into beauty by cloth- ing the heaps with ferns, and trees, and flowers, the perfume of which filled the air. In places large and picturesque, gum-trees cast their shadows over the path, and flocks of brilliant parrots and other birds flew hither and thither before seeking their roosting places for the night. The two girls walked along —now quietly talking—now making the sur- rounding hills re-echo with merry peals of laughter—and anon silencing the birds with their voices as they blended musically in some old Scottish ditty. A little beyond the ceme- tery, and on a little hill to the left of the road, stood a ruined house. It was built in an orchard, and was about a hundred yards back from the road. It had long been without an inhabitant, and the garden and fruit-trees were untended. All was neglected and in disrepair. The roof was off, and the very rafters of the house had disappeared. The windows and doors had long since been removed. The place was in fact a complete ruin, and the slanting rays of the setting sun, and the rising wind had free course through the openings and crevices in the walls. The girls, having reached this place, stopped for a moment to look over the fence, and seeing a few blossoms that were showing their bright petals among the weeds and grass, ventured within. Led on step by step they reached the ruin, and looked curiously about. Suddenly they were startled by some heavy drops of rain—then came a vivid flash, followed by a heavy crash of thunder. Looking up they saw a storm—one of those storms that rise so quickly and pass so rapidly in those ranges— was about to burst upon them, and having regard for their finery they sought a place of shelter within the walls. The clouds rapidly advanced, shutting out all the sky, and render- ing the evening as dark as midnight, save when a flash would for a moment brilliantly illumine all around, and then leave a darkness that might be felt. The girls, half alarmed for themselves, but more for their dresses, crept close together in an angle of the building for shelter. They remained thus for some time. The sun had long set, and the darkness of the storm-clouds was augmented by the natural darkness of the hour. Suddenly Charlotte, who had been looking up the lead through a crevice in the wall, uttered a low exclamation. "See." said she, "the light, the light." Lizzie looked, and saw at a distance a pale and glimmering light flitting about, apparently among the graves in the cemetery. Breathlessly now, and un- heeding the rain that began to pour in torrents, or the vivid lightning, or the fearful peals of thunder, did the girls peer out in the direction of the light. Sometimes it appeared as if coming towards them, then it receded, now it seemed stationary, and now it rapidly traversed from side to side. At last it seemed settled in a determination to come in their direction, and the sisters were in an ecstacy of fear. Rapidly it moved in a straight line towards the old ruin, and soon by the flashes they could see a tall figure with its head crowned with flames, and its eyes like coals of fire. It was dressed in a long white robe, and kept lift- ing its hands to the skies. As it neared the place, the two girls, animated by one desire to escape, rushed from the hut. A flash of light- ning at that moment sped through the sky, and by its light they were revealed. An unearthly shout was uttered by the terrible being, and with, a fearful rapidity he drew near them. Nature could no longer hold out, and with a fearful scream they fell fainting among the grass. At that moment, and just as the strange being was close upon them, another bolt fled through the sky, and, striking a weird old gumtree, scattered its dead branches in splinters around. The cry that the girls had uttered ere their senses left them was not unheard. Jim and Tom, who had seen the coming storm, had hastened in front of their teams, and had nearly reached the place when the screams reached their ears. Recog- nizing the voices, and seeing the unearthly light, they leapt the fence, and hastened as fast as they could in the direction. With that last flash the storm had passed, and the clouds rapidly gathered away like a lifted curtain to the north. Then out sprang the full moon, and with a flood of chastened glory lighted up the scene. Her light glittered on the weep- ing leaves of the gums. It rippled on the waters in the channels, and it fell on the apparently lifeless forms of Lizzie and Char- lotte as they lay clasped in each other's arms amongst the long wet grass. In a moment the two young fellows had them lifted, and in a few moments consciousness returned. But what had become of the figure that had given them such a fright? A short inspection soon revealed the truth. He was no spectre, but a man of flesh and blood, but no longer with life, for that last bolt that had shattered the aged tree had forced a large limb in his direction, and now he lay mangled and crushed beneath its weight. After enquires revealed the fact that the spectre who carried the "death licht" was a madman who had escaped from the Asylum. His mania was to believe that he had to sacrifice a young girl and bury her in a lonely spot before he could get rest for his soul. Lizzie soon recovered, but Charlotte received such a shock that it was not until she had paid a visit to her relations in South Australia, and had remained with them for some time, that she recovered from the effects produced by the "Spectre of Possum Gully." 