THE RING-FINGER. MUCH ingenuity has been expended in the endeavour to discover on which hand and 00 which finger the weddiagring was plaoed. Thn Jews have a tradition that Mary, when ehe e6ponsed Joseph, received the ring on her middle finger; hence no Jewish woman wears hfer bridal ring there, bat always on the fore-finger. St. Ambrose, in one of his sermons, calls the third finger the finger for the ring* Macrobius gives the nursery names of the fingers in the time of the Romans; the third finger is called unnularie ; the low Norman name for the same finger is "John of the Seals." In the ancient ritual of marriage among the English Baptists, the ring was placed on the end of the left thumb, with the words, " In the name of the Father;" then on the fore-finger with the words, "and of the Son," then on the middlefinger, " and of the Holy Ghost;" finally on the third, the ring-finger, with the clpsing word, "Amen." The ancient Greeks used this finger also, because they believed a Derve to run directly from this finger to the heart. Lemnius says it is not an artery, but a vein, and modern science shows that there is nothing of the kind in existence. The right hand is the band of power, hence the wife wears the ring on the left hand. The third finger is the only recognised ring-fiuger; all who wear rings officially wear them on that finger, though it is true that the statues of the ods had their signets on the fore-finger, foth in Greece and Italy. This was on therighthand; but, from convenience, and long-established custom, tbe left hand is now generally considered the proper hand, and the least-used finger of that hand holds the ring. , Lemnius says that the same finger is called Medious, for, " on account of the virtue it derives from the heart, the old physicians would mingle their medicines and potions with this finger, because no venom can stick upon the very outmost part of it, but it will offend a man, and communicate itself to his heart." ' Some married women are so superstitiously rigid in their notion respecting the wedding-ring, that they will never, even for a moment, take it off their finger, extending, it would seem, the expression, " till death do us part," even to this golden pledge of matrimony. 