Winding" up Parliament. A Sydney coirflspondent (. the Tamworth New*, says" Both Houses of Parliament nra doing their. " level-best" to wind up the work of ihe session. Mr. D*rley piloted the Publioau's Bill very successfully through the Ouunoil, and members of the Assembly, after Buchanan had blown off his gas on Protection, have done fair work during the week. As already announced the Premier intends to begin his American-European holiday on the 20th instant, and his friends are doing their righteous best to raise a thousand soversi^ns to defray liis expenses. It is on the oards that he may remain at home altogether-vice Samuel returned-as Agent-General; but till we hear his personal explanation, ' we have no right to gossip on ihe subject.' There is, of oourse, a jjoud de*l of loose talk over the affair, particularly an Mr. Darlov wants to refresh himself on the banks of the Boyne, once again, aud see the family hostelrie in. the town of Athboy (Month), before taking a seat on the bench of the Supreme Court in Sydney. The whole thing is arranged with the proviso,-. Man proposes* but there is a higher power than man in disposing of terrestrial occurrences, This is tho way one of the. smart men of the Press comments on the Miuistarial Jnabasis, * Many persons want to know what causes this sudden stampede of all Ministers, and the replies thereto are of the most varied kind imaginable. Some, for instance, Bay Sir Henry longs for a quiet strollamongst the tombs, of his aooestors in Westminister Abbey, after which he will warble the «Nia PocOi' and stab himself to the heart with a hairpin, a la tho Montague-Turner tepor in Donizetti's 'Lucia.' Others assert he wishes to have n chat with his old pals, Billy Gladstone,' Jack Bright, Alf Tennyson, Fred Archer, Henniker Heaton^O'Donovan Bgsettj' the Jersey Lily, and other friends of bygone'; days ; while a f>.<w more give out'that he has composed an ' In Memoriam ' ode after the Murmurs by Blackwattla Swamp «tyle on poor old Dizzy, and 'wishes;. to reoito the same over the late Premier's grave in person. Quite a number also inolineto the no ion that the present' working of the Education Act by Mrs. Bardwell has, given Hal the 1 jim jars,' and that he intenclsto go at once to Rome and end his days in a Benedictine Monastory; whilst more Bre of opinion that be intends travelling round on tho showman plan with a burdy gurfy, anil a Kioma Ghost diorama, However, he's realiy off this time ; so bog voyage" Smart ohaff this. 