A GHASTLY TALE. A very strange circumstance occurring in the vicinity of Snicarte, Mason County, Illinois, has attracted the attention of a good many, and is, at the least, a most miraculous affair. On February the 17th a woman by the name of Mrs. Banks, to all appearances, died. About four weeks pre vious to this she had given birth to a child, and was apparently well, with the exception of the nursing sore mouth, from the effect of which she had grown quite weak, so much so that her husband thought it was necessary to call in a physician, but she objected, insisting upon waiting a few days longer, thinking she could manage the affliction without the aid of a physician. She soon afterwards, and very suddenly, sank away, and to all appearance gave up the ghost. The body was kept till the next day about 2 p.m., and when it was enclosed in a coffin and taken to the graveyard, followed by a great many mourning friends. In laying her out her arms were tied together above her elbow with a strip of cloth, so that her hands would retain a position across her breast. At the grave some of her friends wished to view the remains, and the coffin was opened so that they might do so. On removing the lid over the glass they could not see through the glass for the moisture on it, and it was then seen that one of her hands was torn loose from the band and was lying by her side, and her arms were as limber as one alive. The circumstances bore upon the minds of several present, but still they could not entertain any notion but that she were dead. Her hands were again tied with the same piece of cloth and she was buried. After return ing to their homes, several of the parties who had noticed the singular appearance at the grave commenced to talk the matter over, and they soon raised doubt in their minds that she was not dead; about five o'clock that same evening several went to the grave and took the body up. On open ing the coffin they found fresh moisture on the lid, and her hands were again broken from the strip of cloth that bound them, and they were both lying by her side, and in stead of her limbs being the least rigid, they and her fingers were flexible. Not withstanding all this they could not convince themselves but that she was dead, and she was again reburied. The matter was generally discussed in the neighbourhood, and by the following Sunday the excitement had become so strong that it was decided to re-exhume her the following day. The next day, Monday, after she had slept four days and nights, she was again resurrected and taken to her home, where she has been slowly but gradually mending. Her friends entertain the strongest hopes of her re covery, which if she does, will be a remark able occurrence long to be remembered by the people of Snicarte. The way in which this affair was managed was, to say the least, very singular. - Pantagraph. 