CONVENT AT MITCHAM. On Sunday afternoon, Jitly 10, His Ziordship Bishop Reynolds laid the foundation-stone of a branch convent for the nse of the SiBtcrs of St. Joseph, at Mitcham Park, on a site kindly presented by Mr. B. Barr Smith. The present structure will contain five rooms, in addition to the bathroom, kitchen, See., but this will only be the beginning of a very com- modious building. On Sunday morning a service was conducted in the Mitcham Otmifh, by the Rev. Father Enright, a tfr which a p o- cession of school children marched ? to the site and assembled round the stone. His Lordsl Ip arrived shortly afterwards, and proceeded to ijie spot where the altar was to be fixed. The ute of the convent and the.stonehaving been blesK d, a short devotional service was conducted. E is Lordship then performed the ceremony of lagisg the stone, saying:—" In the faithof JesusObr.st we bless the first stone of this edifice in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of tbe Holy Ghost, that here the true faith and fear of God and fraternal charity may flourish, and that this place may be dedicated to prayer, and to the praise of the name of our Lord Jesus f Christ, who is the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, lives and reigns world without end for all eternity. Ames." His Lordship then delivered a discourse from the text, " The Kingdom of Heaven is like to a grain of mustard seed which a man took and sowed in his field, which indeed is the least of all seeds, bat when it is grown it is the greatest among herbs, and becometh a tree, BO that the birds of the air come and lodge in the branches thereof." In tbe course of his remarks His Lordship traced the rise and progress of the Roman Catholic Church in Australia since the time when the Yen. Jeremiah Finn was sent ont to Botany Bay. In 1843 tbe first Vicar Apostolic to the colonies visited South Australis, and next year the first Bishop of Adelaide was consecrated, there then being about 5,000 Catholics in the province. His Lordship having referred to the trials his predecessors bad to undergo, and to tbe struggles that had taken place of late years with regard toCktholic education, stated that in spite of all difficulties the priests and people had remained loyal to him. During the past seveD hears he had opened 30 new churches, 42 new schools, and four special convents. His Lordship, in speaking on the quessioa of education said that all they wished was that their children might be educated according to their ewn belief, and that they should not be asked to give to a system which thsy could not conscientiously avail themselves of. He had no doubt that tho Legislature would in time acknowledge their claims and yield to them a grant out of the revenue to which they contributed for tbe education of their children. In conclusion His Lordship acknowledged tbe liberality of many persons who held views differing from their own to them, and specially mentioned the gift of the site of the Convent. The sum of £35 was collected in aid of the building. 