A GHOST STORY. Once upon a time there lived a maiden in Saint Andrews, a beautiful Canadian named Pemigewasset McKirchenthumbach, the loveli- est flower that ever grew in the sunshine and showers, chaste as Diana, true as Penelope ; the violets paled in the blue of her eyes, and pearls sold for second choice in the pools when she smiled ; ivory white was her broad, high brow, for she didn't comb her bangs down into her eves like the foretop of a Shetland pony, and the semi occasional fogs of her native land kept down the freckles and the tan. Sho wore good clothes, and moved in the highest circles ; she embroidered her own number one and a-half moccasins, and was the belle of the singing school. Her father owned more acres of spruce and pine lands than he could count in a month ; he could get out enough ship's knees in a day to build a United States navy and two schooners, and was rich and proud. He sat in the best pew in the church, and responded louder and contributed smaller than any other member of the congregation, and possessed all the other earmarks of a wealthy man. One day, a man named Michilimachinac — Pierrepont T. Michili machinac — came down from the up-river country with a load of pelts. He was a mighty hunter, and every year he captured by trapping, shoot- ing, and swindling the untutored Indians enough furs to control the market, and he was a growing monopoly. He wore a plug hat, and a shirt that buttoned behind, and hung his watch chain outside his coat. He was mashed on Pemigewasset in the first inning. He was a lonely man, he said. He took her hand in his, and said he wanted some fair maiden to go with him and stay in the north woods about nine months in the year, and help him skin beaver, and mink, and otter, and fox, and cer- tain varieties of cats and bears, and cook for him and help him to bamboozle the Indians out of their pelts, and pack the furs for him, and help him down the river with them. Would she fly with him ? She shook her wealth of golden hair and told the hunter he was away off his base, and she would see him fur-der be- fore she'd go. Straightway the Michilima- chinac led her to her father, and told the umpire that he had been put out on a foul. The old man bent his brows upon the rebellious girl. ' You'd otter have him, he said. ' What fur?' replied the maiden. 'Because it would beavery gratifying to me,' said her papa. ' I cannot bear to think of it,' she said. ' But you are very deer to me,' put in her lover. ' That's where the gazelle comes in,' sighed the maiden ; ' I'm afraid you're lion to me.' ? Make 'ermine,' the lover said. And the old man said he would, and called for some mink and paper to draw up the settlement. But Pemigewasset simply said : ' Thou art so near and yet so fur, and left the room. There was Another. A youthful sailor man, with a straw hat and wide trousers, and a broad collar with anchors worked on it in white thread, and lovely yacht club buttons — George Augustus Saskatchewan. He was a daisy. He played on the mouth- organ and danced the racket divinely, knew all the new songs of the street, got nine hundred dollars a year and spent every cent of it on his clothes. And when the old man found out the previous attachment, there was a circus. But the brave girl stuck to George, and said if the old man didn't like George he needn't marry him, but as for her, she was his hairpin (or words to that effect), and that was the kind of a girl she was. And inasmuch as it was not pleasant for George to visit Pemigewasset at the house, as he didn't feel able to feed her father's dog three times a week out of his scanty salary and sensitive legs, these devoted young people used to wander clear out of the lane, and meet when the moon was full, and when it was gibbous, and when it was half, and when it waned into the last quarter, and when there wasn't even enough moon to excuse a gas company. And so one night, while he bent his head to gaze into the happy face that was nestled against his breast, there was a moving shadow by the rock that was not cast by the hemlocks, the cold, cruel glitter of steel in the star-light, and the heart throbbing so warmly beneath' the cheek of the girl was still, and she held her lover in her arms only to see the love light in his dear eyes die out in the glassy stare of death. A mocking laugh from a voice she knew and hated jarred on her soul. It ap- peared that the rejected rival, Pierrepont T. Michilimachinac, had taken a bowie-knife two inches wide and a foot and a-half long, and tapped George for laudable pus, penetrating the perihelion at the base of the cardiac apothogm by a lateral incision, bearing sou'-west half west, through the metacurpal phalanges in apogee with the base of the fifth rib. The treacherous Miehilimachinac fled to the north wood, and in the following month ate himself up with a wild bear, and the Indians gobbled up all his skins. Pemigewasst got her to a nunnery, and followed her lover to the summer land in a few months. The stern parent hav- ing bit off a little more stock than he could masticate, went on 'change to unload one day, and got caught on a falling market and skinned alive. And to this day, when the bell in the castle tolls the hour of midnight, two ghostly figures wander down the lane with the skating rink glide affected by ghosts, and in the shadow of this rock the lady ghost, on her bended knees, lifts her clasped hands in the passionate eloquence of a voiceless appeal to the glittering stars, while her shadowy figure bends above the prostrate phantom stretched bofore her, stain- ing the crushed ferns with the crimson current of a life.— Burdette in Haiokeye. 