ECHOES AND RE-ECHOES. THE AUSTRIAN BAND. (By the GhoBt ot Thomas Ingoldsbr.) Olx, the Band, the Austrian Band (All that was left of it, pray nnderetand), Has come at last to visit onr strand How the Melboorne despatches we daily hare scanned. And the news that has come from the Sydneyltaa land, Till the spark of our interest's finally fanned To a flame of applause, that most really be grand When viewed from a purely professional stand. Metaphorically they've had a shake of the hand, Now they've come. In response to our earnest de* mand, They've a prospect from which some gold will b« panned, Have those wondrous muridans—the Austrian Band. Oh! who have not thrilled at the strains they haya played. From the lowest clown to the highest grade Of aristocrats in fair Adelaide, Who a terrible sum quite lately have paid To hear the great Band, and the noise they made ; When they, in their splendonr and trappings arrayed Their musical skill, and their talents displayed. To such an extent as to throw In the shade All that previous bands here have ever essayed. On our purses they've made quite a terrible raid. So completely the call they have issued to all Whose souls are by magic of harmony swayed, Has-been, by most people, both heard mid obeyed. Oh, there's Mr, Smith, there's his Worship the Mayosfc The first thing they did was to straightway repair To his house in the suburb of Kensington fair, Where under the'sky. In the fresh country air, They played such selections as made the folks stare. "Meln Gottl" said the Germans, the French said " Nevare, . Was there heard so much beautiful music, mon chert" They played all their tunes without tnrning a hair, And afterwards drank the best health of the Mayor—— Not In bumpers of Kent Town, but fizz—and they swear That the Mayor Is a brick, and they stoutly declare He treated them regally in the affair. We talk about singers, bnt say have you seen The Band who can play like a very machine ? If you're Ignorant of it you're awfully green. By falsehood dare not your ignorance screen; If yon really have been so detestably mean Yon'll not pay for admission ! why, really, I ween Your passion for music can't be very keen. Oh ! how the folks run when the Band they espy, And they stare at a member, as he were a guy, Nudging each other, and saying " Oh my t Here's a Haustrian Bander, and don't he look spry 1" But the Band thinks such praises are all in my eye And their looks would ere long be as blue as the skyf If no one to pay for admission would try. Huzza! Huzza) bat a shilling tq pay, And there on the Oval they'll publicly play On the fair afternoon of a line Saturday, Iij all their smart uniform, gilt, and array Of brass buttons, and eaps to blight and so gay. No waits, or no march can be mentioned but thej Will be found to be at It completely ou/oit You can drive In your carriage, your cab, or your shaj^ Or, there in the Oval, contentedly stray. And talk to your friends, and hear what they say, "While enjoying both Band and the cricketers' play "When asked to leave early I'm sue you'll say "nay.' And, till they have finished, there listening stay, And naught for the lot but a shilling to pay ! What a welcome they've had, what rounds of applause Have greeted their playing and wonderful scores, Whether under the sky, or inside the doors Of the Town Hall, where perfectly deafening roars Of clapping continued without any pause For several minutes—their playing the cause 1 Oh my, what a treat it has been, what a fete 1 What thousands have flocked their arrival to greet? The crowds that have heard them would fill up the street There is not a person, of all that you meet, Who says that for playing they've ever been beat {I wanted the rhyme, but the grammar's not neat) They've come from cold Europe, to play in the heat Of this southern land that's so famous for wheat So go, you'll get standing room, if not a seat Hut there on the Oval they're all to be seen— Drums beating, fifes playing, and trumpets between Deflecting the sunshine with glittering sheen; With fiddles, &c; , to fill up the scene. Oh'go there and hear them if never you've been, And you'll never regret that you've heard them, I ween. And there they will play what you chooBe to demand, There's no sort of music they don't understand. Whether sprightly and lively, or solemn and grand. J'm sorry to say that you may have to stand. For if you sit down, perhaps a demand Will come from the Peeler there, ever at hand To warn off the grass in a tone of command. Hut wherever you sit, or wherever you stand, Whether arab, or urchin, or nob in the land. Give three jolly cheers for the Austrian Band. Some queer names crop np in close associa tion occasionally. A man bearing the eupho nious name of Sloper was charged with being drunk in Gollop-etreet recently, but he declared that" Gollop-street was not the street he was drank in." " Then you "will only pay five shil lings, Mr. Sloper," cheerfully remarked the P.M.; and Mr. Sloper sloped. A woman, who had been arrested for drun kenness, asserted her sobriety, and to prove it declared that she had " wailed on a corpse all night after seeing it die, and she did not want a character because she had been out here 43 years. " In that case," said Mr.Beddome, "you will only pay five shillings; 43 years is a long time to keep one's character." The P.M. per haps thinks the longer the life the shorter the path of virtue. Scripture says, "Put not your trust in princes," and experience bids us exeroise equal caution respecting witnesses, for many a man who has relied upon another to bear him through in some statement has found that he has leant upon a broken reed. Last week a tunny in stance in point occurred in the City Police Court before that grimly humorous Magistrate, Mr. Beddeme. A cabman, charged with having "been drunk, emphatically denied the soft impeachment, earnestly asserting that he drank nothing but cloves and peppermint, quite an aesthetic beverage. With an air of a man administering a crusher the defendant said— "Tour Worship, lean prove it. I oan bring a member of the Austrian Band, who will swear I never had nothing bat cloves and pepper mint." A sensation of awe crept over the Court loungers when a dignified figure, clad in a resplendent uniform, gorgeous with gold lace and ditto buttons, stood revealed in the witness box a full-fledged member of the Austrian Band. He was examined through an interpreter, and, in answer to the Court, the interpreter said— *' He says, your Worship, that the defendant drank bottled beer." Collapse of the cabby, who sadly paid his fine, and muttered, " Who'd a thonght he'd ha' gone back on me?" The climax was richer still, when the gaily plumaged member of the Austrian Band was placed on the other side, and fined five shillings for being drank also. He had helped he cabby to finish the bottle. At a late meeting of a certain Debating Society in Adelaide the Chairman intimated to fthe members pnsrstthat the formation of a new nch was contemplated. This was to take the pe of what would be known as a " Model arliament." In tbe course of his remarks the Chairman said that it was intended the method of proceedings skonld be as nearly as possible a copy of those which tske place on North terrace. How consolatory it would have been to any of our newly-elected M.P.'s had they chanced to be among the audience, if they had beard the devout ejaculation of some of the members, " The Lord forbid." Tbe Adelaide newspaper runners sometimes develop no small amount of humour in their dealings with the pnblio, and not infrequently $et the better of them. A Journal runner was accosted in the street by a languid swell of the first water, who contemptuously flung a penny down on the pavement and demanded a paper. The boy to be even with him quietly picked up the penny and depositing a Journal upon the pavement walked off, leaving the disconcerted snob to take it or leave it as his dignity dio tated. Another runner went on-his rounds with his "bundle of papers and was hailed by an indi vidual who tendered a shilling for a penny paper. The boy had no change, but offered to go and get it. The customer would not trust him unless be left bis papers with him as . security. Tbe boy did so and never returned. On examination the bundle was found to con* 'tain only six, so the suspicious customer found , himself minus elevenpence, but plus half a dozen penny papers left on his hands. A fine new building has lately been erected in "the Botanical Gardens, whioh is to be used as a museum. Among the varied curiosities a certain .learned and worthy doctor is preparing are some -curious articles of Japanese workmanship manu factured of different kinds of beans. A jooular correspondent remarks that, however clever the Japanese may be, they are fools to Bontb Aus tralian electors, They may be able to make a good deal; but they can't make members of Par liament out of Beans anyway, and the electors here can. 