I FJRJEEMASONMY EXPOSED. The following graphic (!) letter contributed by "A Victim to the order, which appeared in the Frcema-ions' Monthly Magazine, will cloubtlesH be read with interest :— I have io'ined the Masonic fraternity, Mr. liditor. 1 am a free and accepted son, or brother, or whatever it is, of that ancient and mysterious organisation. 1 have belonged to many secret societies in my time—I have beiin an Orangeman; and a Son of Temperance and a Fenian, and, if I remember aright, J once belonged to a gang of coiners—but this Masonic arrangement, this institution of the compass and square, distances them all. I had often wondered what sort of a thing a Mason was, in what'respects he differed from an ordinary being. Again and again, have I pumped persons who I thought knew what was what, with a view of finding out some thing regarding these queer men, but it was no go. Mum was the word, and those who ; could tell wouldn't, and those who would couldn't; for further information I was told to go and find out. I had a vague idea of my own that a Mason was a sort of super natural being, a regular ring-tailed roarer, with horns and hoofs to match, who could come down the chimney or get through the i keyhole, and disappear like a Hash' of ■ light ning,—a chap that would knock blazes out of a fellow with the wink of his eye, and of whom the devil himself was afraid. There is one singular thing connected with Masonry of which you are perhaps not aware, and that is .a M^son never dies. Occasionally it is giveii oii,t tpai ,a brother. has departed this life, and the fraternity is respectfully summoned to do honor to his remains, but it is all a, sham, a big swindle gotten up to throw dust in um Cj'C? of the uninitiated. The coffin is stuffed full of bricks, aim de posited with duo solemnity in the cemetery, while the brothers and friends are blubber ing their eyes out over the grave of the dear depai'ledj arid the.departed quietly enjoying hiiiistflf in tile bjiek t'Ooiti Of some hotel, pre paratory to leaving for parts tirikilow'n. . It is a fact, Mr. Editor, Masons never die. They may change their appeai'ance and move off to otheiF spjieresj but as for dying, they (Usri't do It; It i's sttp'po#ed by some that after they have transacted wickedness eJhough on this earth they are transformed into comets and met.eors, and go wandering through space, kicking'up shines and raising the devil generally And,a great mp.ny people, suppose that the last liietepi'iodisplay was. nothing more or less tliail a fi'ee figlit b'etlVeeri Some rival lodges that have crossed each others' path ; the different coloured lights betokening the different degrees they had acquired in the flesh. Freemasonty is of ancient date, as proved by the fact that during the wet season Noah used tojiold meetings in the corner of the arli;. He jvas obliged to give it up, however, cwirig i'd tlu!, .ciiri/psity; of ]\frs. Noah, who, notwithstanding the..fact that lier husband placed a big pair of lions and a big crocodile at the door as outside guard, came pretty near finding out the secret and starting a fei)iale lodge oil her own,hook. . I milst tell toii till? perils ;ind trials I had to undergo to become a-Masori. On the evening in question, I presented myself at the door of the Lodge-room, No. GG,GGG, signs of the skull and cross bones. I was conducted to the ante-rppm,. whejce five, or, six melancholy fchapsi M .saslies jirid, oinbroidered napkins, were waiting to receive iiie. On my entrance, they all got up and turned back somersaults, and then quietly resumed their seats. A. big fat fellow, who sat in' the middle, and who seemed to be the proprietor, then said, " Sinner from the outward world advance." I advanced. " Will you give up everything to join us V " Not if I know it," said L There's my 1nfe and fourteen fine — ' (Anbtiief party here told irie .it was a mere waiter of form):, Tljfc' Mldws in the towels then groaned, arid said; " Tis weii." " Do you swear n£v.ei' to reveal anything you may see or heai; this evening, .not to your wife ?" j,s!;tidj " Eo'ii jrly wo'r'4, I w'Ul.iiot." Then they exaiiilHdcl liiy tefii iirldfeliiny muscles, and made me put out my tongue, aiict then again. I said, " If you don't feel well, I have got a little bottle nere That fat man here took held of the bottle from me, and told me to shut up. He then, in ii voice of thunder* said, " Bring forth the goat." Another Miofr tiieii (iiiine forth to blindfold iripj " Nq yCu dcil'tj Mr": Mason," I. said ; '! No. tricks on irflLV'eilel'S, if you please- I don't believe iii.pUying at blind liiau's.'bufl'.with goat: I'll .ride, the devil if j'dii, like;. liiii; I (Icin't grj it Tilijid. Stand back; or I'll kncick you into sillitlierreens." They were too much for me, however, and I had to submit to it blindfolded. The goat was then led in,"and I could hear him mak ing an awful racket among the furniture. I.bilgari to feel tlirit ,1 .was, Urgently wanted ii lionie, but 1 was in for it, find coiilcl not lielp myself. Three or four fellows then seined me, and with a demoniacal laugh pitched me on tiie animal's back, telling me at tile s:ime tinie to .look out for squalls. I wiVe bdb'ii iti ii' good niari^. scrapes,. Mr. Editor, I've been in an election iigiit,' I've , been pitched out of a two- storey window ; have gono down in a railroad collision, and up in a steamboat explosion, but this goat excursion is ahead of them all. The con founded, things must be all wings .and liorns. Ifi b'tlifipec] mo against the tables and the stove, niid {lie cciiiilgj tuft' I h'vfrig on, like a' Trojan. I turned front somersault^ (t'li'd rolled^over till I thought it- was all oyijr with me. " x wm J*!!' ?n t,le point of giving up when the bandage fell from my eyes, and the goat, bounded through the window with a yell like a Cnmanche Indian giving up the ghost. I was in a Lodge of Masons. They were dancing a war dance around a- skull, and playing leap-frog and turning hand springs, and the big fat fellow of the ante room was standing on liis head in the comer finishing tho contents of my littla bottle. Order was soon restored, and I was led up to a desk and told to stand at ease. The chief engineer of the establishment then put his thumb to his nose and stretched liis fingers in the shape of a, fan towards me, commanded silence. The rest of the brethren did otherwise, .and ^ ere silent. Thegovernor then addressed me:—"Brother Knobb, you are now ono of us. You are now a member of ail institution that has lasted over ten million of years. From this time hence your constitution is sound. You are impervious to light and heat, or any' other atmospheric influence. You are water-proof, fire-proof, and over-proof. With impunity you may walk through a lake or sit on a red hot stove; with impunity drink aquafortis, rye whiskey, Walioo bitters, or any poiso nous substance. You are free from rheu matism, dyspepsia, and the measles. The sheriff dare not seize you for debt, nor tlio policeman for misdemeanor. You are of us and you are safe. Here is the pass-word ; with that and a big club you can get into any lodge in Christendom." I then stood the whiskey and water all the way round, and I was a free and accepted Mason. A Clown ok a Legislator. 1—Referring to the exhibition which Mr. Hall ra.icle of himself in the Assembly 011 Wednesday 'evening, the Daily Telegraph says Mr. Hall, tlie member for Moira, was the cause of about the heartiest burst of laughter which has yet enlivened the reform debate. The lion, member created some consternation by risintr to address the House with an enormous roll of paper in liis hand, and his frequent references to it only too plainly showed that lie had written his oration, which was one of the rowdiest possible description. Mr, Hall kept the floor for some two hours, and con cluded by an attempt to sing a quotation with which he had adorned the conclusion of his discourse. The House roared with de light, the song being a reminiscence of Moody and Sankey's "Oh ! what must it be to be there," but positively refused to hear this legislative minstrel, who sat down as though perfectly conscious that he had suc ceeded in making a inost idiotic exhibition of fyimself. Stock Sate.—Messrs. J. S. Braim and Co. report tlic sales of 0500 wethers in the wool on account of Landale Bros.; 1100 cross bred wethers in the wool on account of Shan ahaii and Jennings; and 101 fat sheep on ac count , of P. Hetherington. They also report the following crossings—150 South Thononga cattle, to Dal. Campbell and Co. A Government grant is asked to meet the deficiency in the revenue of Cyprus. The Government declined entering on the ques tion respecting the sovereignty of the island. 