The Boyal Princes. LAYING THE FOUNDATION-STONE OF ST. THOMAS'S, North Shore ia not often exeroiaed in the direction of pnblio demonstrations, and Saturday's doinga will be long remembered aa constituting an event in tho history of its Buburba. Their Royal Highnesses the Prinoes, with that willingness to oblige that has oharaotorised thom ever since their arrival hero, consented to add eclat to tho commencement of the erection of the nave of Sui Thomas's Ohuroh, "Wil loughby, by layin« it» foundation-atone, which was accomplished on Saturday ia the presenoo of a erowd which, considering thev shortness of the notice, was astonishingly barge. It was not until Friday after noon that the arxangeanonta were completed, but as mach publioity was given as possible, and between 3000 and 4000 persons assembled by ll o'olook to witness the ooremoiiy. St. Thomas's ia situated in M'Laren-atreet, Willoughby, in a Very pleasant posi tion on the oreat of a hill, and ia surrounded by a grove of native treos, which on Saturday were craily deoorated with British, and colonial ensigns. A plat form was ereoted tow the ladioB in front of the ohuroh, and the publio were admitted inside the grounds up to a barrier onoloßing a apaco around the stone. The band of the Permanent Force was drawn up near the entranoe reserved for th* viaitora, and order was kept by an efficient body of polioe ander Sub-inspector Jotinaon, who were attentive and courteous, aud did their best to Beoure accommodation for all. Directly opposite the atone were ranged the ourplioad members of St. Thomas' choir, who lcd the siaging throughout. The Pmeea landed at Milaon'a Point shortly after ll, accompanied by Lady Loftus, their tutor Mr. Dalton, and Lieut. Nathan, and drove in the Governor's carriage to \ tho ohuroh, being accompanied by the St. Leonard's V.F. Briagade on their engine drawn . by three horaea gaily bedecked. They arrived at the ohuroh at 25 minutea past ll, and tho band struck up "God save the Queen/' changing it as- the Prinoea entered the en closure to " God bless the Prinoo of Wales." Tho yiuitora wore received by the RPV. S. H. Childe, inoumbent of the church, with Dr. Thomas, Bishop .f Goulburn, and Dean Cowper, Colonel Roberts also boing proaont, and conducted to the stone. Prince Edward waa then presented with a handsome silver trowel and ivory mallet, supplied by MeBsrs. Flavelle Brothers and Roberts, both attiBtioally finished. Tho trowel bear» the following inscription : "Presented to H.R.H. Prince Albert Viator Christian Edward of Wales, on the occasion of his laying the foundation Btone of the nave of St, Thomas's, Willoughby." Prince Edward handed the mallet to his brother, Prince George, who assisted at the ceremony, and the atone was lowered into position, after the ohoir had Bunff " All people that on earth do dwell," which waa joined in by the assemblage, Prinoo Edward sotting the example. He then used the trowel in a manner worthy tho son of the G and Master of England, and striking the stone at each angle, said, " I declaro this atone well and truly laid, in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost," The ohoir then sang the hymn commencing, " Tho Charon's sure- foundation," and the PrinoeB and Lady Loftus- prooeaded to view the interior of the portion of the ohuroh already erected, inspeoting the Gooedenough (memorialfwindow, and expressing surprise and pleasuro at the elegant appointments ot this leading ohuroh among those over the water. The ehoir sang as offertory the hymn, " Who giveBt all," and a collection was made, resulting in the sum of .£7918» lld being received in aid of the building fund. The Prinoes drove off while the band played the National Anthem. Among the represen» tatire eentlemen present, besides those namod, were the Honorable C. Campbell, M.L.O., the Hon. F. Lord, M.L.O., Judge M'Farlane, Capt. Mann, Lieut. Witrram, Dr. Ward, Dr. Kyngdon, Mr. Tunks (Mayor of St. Leonarda), and Messrs. G. H. Barney, S. Kendall, F^ Adams, Gilfillan, Holt orman, W. S. Clark, and' a number of others, while very many more would doubtless have boon present if longer notice could have been given. The entire proceedings passed off pleasantly, and without any of those hitches which sometimes mar, hastily im proviaodceromoniee. Tam following letter from the Rev. John Dalton, governor of the Royal Prinoes, and the reply thereto from the Colonial Secretary; will be read with in rte>r«Bt : " Government House, Sydney, "August 2, 1881. "Dear Sir Henry,-I am desired by the two Prinoes to- ask you to be good enough to acquaint the various gentlemen concerned in tho arrangement of thia morning's proceedings how gratified their Royal Highnesses have been to witness splarge a concourse of their fellow subjects in Now South Wales evincing such loyalty towards the throne and person of the Queen aB was diaplayod at the laying of the founda tion stone of Her Majesty's statue in this tho mother oity and parent oolony of Australia. ; " When the Prinoes return to England they will carry baok with thom a lively remembianoe of thia day's apsataole; and they trust that tho rising generation, of whom they hara now had tho pleasure of beholding several thousands; will over ohorish tho same warmth of attachment'towards the old country as they for their part will never ceaBe to entertain of kindly feeling for Australia, her development, wei far«, »nd advance. I bayo, &o.;, "JOHN DALTON. "Sir Henry Parkes, K.O.M.G." I Colonial Secretary's Office, Sydney, August 3, 1881 " Dea* Mr. Dalton,--I am in roaoipt of your letter of yesterday's date, in whioh, by the desire of their Boyal Highnesses Prinoe Edward and Prince George, yon request me to acquaint the gentlemen concerned in the arrangement of tho prooeedings yesterday, with what. gratification their Boyal Hipnesses wit nessed the. manifestation of loyalty towards tho throne and person of Her Majesty by BO large a con course of their follow subjects in Now South "Wales. " The kindly rooolleotion of this the parent colony of Australia which the Princes will oarrybaok to England, and the high hopes they entertain for the increasing ties of attaohment between Australia and the old country, cannot but be deeply gratifying to Her Majesty's sub jests in this part of her dominions. " I httTO, &0., " HHNBT PATUCBS." The Boyal Prinoos paid a visit io the Destitute Children's Asylum, at Bandwick, last Friday afternoon, in oompany with Lady Augustas Lof tue and the Ber. J. Dalton, They were roooived by the prosident, vioo-proBidont, and his Worship the Mayor of Sydney. Tho visitors* book was duly signed, and tho ob il dr on sang tho National Anthem, after whioh H.B.H. Prinoe Edward planted a troe in olose proximity to tho ono planted by the Duke of Edinburgh about 12 years ago. After the aeremony of laying the foundation-stone of the nave of St. Thomas's Ohuroh at North »hon oa Saturday, the Boyal pringos ratX turned to H.M.S. Baoohante, and took their turn on duty in the afternoon. While they were on duty a pleasing1 incident of their visit to this port took place. This was tho arrival alongside of the children attending tho Fort- street sohoolin the Bteamor Corni modere. They heartily cheered their Eoyal High» nesfios, and threw some beautiful bouquets of flowers and violets, on board. The children numbered about 1000, and a piokod choir of 200 voices oooapiod the upper dook of the Commodore, and under the eondustorship of Mr, J. C. Fisher sang " God Bave the Queen/' ""Bale Britannia," and " God bleBS the Prinoe of Wales." On Saturday evening the Princes dined at Govern ment House, and afterwards attended the amateur entertainment given at.tho Sehool of Arts in aid of the Goodenough Home. To thia homo the Prinoe« will Bubsoribe, and we learn that the Admiral baa sent the seoretary a choquo for ¿625, and that othes officers of the fleet aro also subscribing towards th© obtaining of a larger and moro suitable building for the inoreased number of men that will shortly be placed on tho Australian station. Tho Boyal Princes, in oompany with about 50 gentlemen, inoluding a few officers of tho squadron, accepted the invitation of the Hon. Thomas Holt, M L.C., and proceeded to Port Sutherland, on the south. Bhore of Botany Bay, where each of them planted two trees on tho epot whore Captain Cook, on Saturday, 28th April, 1770,. firat landed in Australia, and on whian day he wrote in his journal ?-" At daybroak we disoovered a bay, which seemed to bo well sholtered from all winds, and early in. the I afternoon we anchored under the south shore, about 1 two miles within the entrance, in Í-ÍJC fathoms water, the south point bearing S.E. and the north point east," and afterwards, on May 5, ho wrote-"The j great quantity of planta which Mr. Banks and Dr. Solander collected induoe me to give it (the port) the name of Botany Bay," After the ceremony an al fresco luncheon waB partaken of by the company, when " tho usual loyal toasts and the health of Mr. ' Holt wore duly proposed and acknowledged. The Boyal Pi incöa exproBsed great gratification at their having visited the spot, and the oompany were all loud in their praises of tho beauty of the plaoe. The Boyal Prinoes then returned to town in oompany with the iîov» Mr. Dalton and went on board the Bacchante. v 