NOVEL READING. The present age may be legitimately called the age of novels. Should this be doubted, examine any book-stall at railway stations, and the conViction will be forced;upon you that novels, form the great bulk of the people's literature. The same observation may be made in respect to the reading provided for our children by the Sunday- schools. We should not be guilty of any exaggeration if we stated that at least three-fifths of the books issued from thence are novels. That they teach all that is true, honest, just, pure, lovely, and of good report we readily grant, but for all this they are as much novels as is "The Antiquary," by Sir Walter .Scott. , Nor are we disposed to condemn this, method of instruction, provided it be guarded by certain restrictions. The . novel is as legitimate! ap y the parable. As has been well said—" The novel is, in'fact, just parable ampli fied and filled in, and the great. tests of its excellence as a work of art are whether it true as a representation of that which it holds lip to the reader, and whether the thing so held up is in itself wholesome and one whose holding up is desirable and likely to be beneficial." The question then is, not shall there be novels, but what novels ought to be read. We dp not go so far as some writers who assert that noyels ought not to be read, nor would we say that they flhouldform'the staple of a persbtaVreading. Even when the novel is.a uihful representation of ;chai^cter 'in an idealised form, And therefore healthful, and instructive manifestations of the workings. of great princi pleB in the hearts of men, and, under the providential adminisiratipii of God, it should be used sparingly. The reverse, however, is too often the rule and not the exception. AB -commonly practised, " novel reading is not a study, but a mental, 0issipa^ohj!,;h.ot an occupation of the mind* but rather a .'device to jkeep the mind from properly occupying; itself; not a profitable employment of time,' but rather joto-time in the literal sense of , the word." Let it nevfr. be forgotten that— the novel being , pure—its true place • is recreation. When the mind and the body are thoroughly fatigued it is a refreshment to hoth to dip into the pages of "The CaxtonB," .ior ponder over the life-lessons which George McDonald and William Black teach in " Alec. Forbes," and " A Daughter of Heth ;" but to confine one's reading to works of fiction, even though they may be the best ever written, is simply to incapacitate the mind for those higher forma of thought which aftei 4 all is the proper aliment; swth which to ptrengtlien and invigorate the power of the^ intellect In our youthful days, when i, iiovela were generally tabooed or read on .the sly, it, was ao uncommon thing to find a young man of seventeen yeans deep in the study of Reid, Dugald Stewart, -or ThomaiB Brown biit no^-a-days, apart, from University circles, we plight search, in vain for a similar state .of things. . The novel and the newspaper 1 havei taken the plate which half a century aigb- ivas r &ccupi6d; ; hy waiters like those we have., mentioned,^. How -important, then, that .our works of fiptio^should be pure. There are novels which we gliould »ot heaitate to place within the'«Bftch ; of < our daughters, but 'there are others which, like the skeleton iti the Closet, are best concealed. A. writer like the lady, „ A j r"•-•——--- - — —rat now^ deoeaaea^ iwho7wrote un^ler th9 nom at 1 plume of "Ouida," is enough to contaminate-a whole generation of readers, and yet . her wojrks are almost as extensively read as Dickens's, and certainly more so than even Sir -Walter Scort'a or Thackeray's. If our readers are startled at this statement, let them examine — as we have done—the subscribers' book of any insti tute where they are admitted, and they will find that not only what we have stated is true, but that the majority of the readers are—Oh foro pudor—women, We have examined one or two of this writer's works, and find that their moral tone is as detestable as are the reports of (the Divorce Court. Marriage with her is a shktn. The holiest relationships of life are mentioned only to be sneered at. Honor in men, jtnd virtue in women, are, with this writer, words without meaning; while to debauch your friend's wife and murder himself are things to i be approved of and gloried in. We look in vain for any high moral purpose such as is indicated in the closing sentence of the " Heart of Mid- LothianReader, this tale will not be told in vain if it shall be found to illustrate itlie great truth that guilt, though it may attain to temporal splendour, can never confer real happiness; that the evil consequences of jour crimes long survive their commission, and, like the ghostB of the murdered, for ever haunt 'the steps of the malefactor ; and that the paths of virtue, though seldom those of worldly great ness, are always those of pleasantness and peace." ' The question may be asked—What work£ of fiction may with Bafety be read 1 This question is one which our readers ought to be ablej to answer for themselves. We, for example* in our professional work have to read a good deal that we would not recommend to our readers'. The only rule we can lay down is, never to ijead any book one sentence of which would silly that which constitutes the beauty of woman and the strength of man—purity of mind. Whatever book, or even sentence of a book, tends to destroy this, let them throw from them as they would the most deadly poison, for this once lost can never be regained "in all its pristine glory. There are plenty of books which ^vill introduce them to things of more substantial value, and these, once enjoyed, others will not be cared for. As Willinott has pithily said—" Houses of entertainment, scientific and romantic, flre always open to the man who is trying to escape from his thoughts, but a shelter from (the tempest is dearly bought in the house of the p^gue. Ten minutes with a French novel have se^t many a reader away with a fever for life." Neither we nor readers will ever err if in this, as. .in every other action of our lives, wo follow the apostolic preeept:—" Whether therefdrfe ye eat or drink, or whatsoever ye do, j do all to the glory of God." ; 