DOEST THOU WELL TO BE ANGEY. " We really have a great respect for the : Eev. 'D. - Allen, as a good Protestant; a brave man, and a sincere Christian ; and if, in addition to1 :these qualities, we do not credit him with wisdom; it is simply because he takes pains to put it out of the question. When he was standing up for his civil rights about preaching in the Park, we backed him ; when he was 'doing his best - to checkmatei the reform in public education, by raising another cry- in fact, unintentionally; playing into the hands -of Eome— we let him down easily, because of his evident sincerity; and even when, recently, he took on him the role of the learned critic, pronouncing the chief scholars in Europe and America almost illiterate, and' entirely unfaithful, and incurring the1 curse of adding to and taking from the Word of God, we merely smiled, and said "Oh!1 It is only his humour." ' This kind 'of humour however can only be -excused as we excuse the waywardness of "children; and 'perhaps " the pastor " would not oil1 such terms accept our indulgence. If so, he ought to take heed;to his words: and at leant avoid manufacturing sayings ahd 'writings -for -His' brethren ,faf'or the Sake of lashing \- Mmself into1;- atiger 'against- them. 'Just lately; alluding ' to ' the ' event connected wftH'the Shepherd Smith? episode in the \- Episcopal' General "Synod, he 'complains that " his heart is- ' appalled, and his soul saddened: within him, to see the tendency in pur '; city to cavil with God's most Holy Word--the cause of truth has been betrayed to - infidelity by those whom, we expected to defend it. The' infidels justly claimed at the Masonic Hall those new objectors "to certain- portions of God's Holy. Word.1' The infidelity,1 - folly; ' and ignorance 'of these objectors to' these ex pressions in the Psalms, &c.;-&e.;" " > What Utter nonsense all this is. Not one of the 'speaikers or writers "made the slightest 'objection ' . to the' expressions in "the1 psalms ' or ' elsewhere. ; The ' question ;waB "entirely" about the 'English' Prayer- ibook"whether certain- portions of the pSa-lms' 'were 1 in that old version '(not the authorized) Suitable' to be ' sung ' in modern < Christian worship. The men dwho' said those' 'portions were not suit able, made no objection to the Psalms in their -place -in he Bible; and it' is a 1 strange kind' of "fanaticism to call' them infidels and other bad names because i they- would choose other pSalms for public singing than- those which appeared to pray for their' dogs to dip their tongues in the blood of their enemies; or' that any" one-should -have no one' to pity him; nor to have "com passion on his fatherless chil-!! dren, &c.;" Men who would1 'thus 'select, 1 "isKow ;their' Svmbathv.'' isavs'-the 'liastdr:1 with Judas, Arius,-' Pained Tyerman, and- Bright, and have' no sympathy with -God,, 'nor daw; 1 nor j ustice. ' " And: yet (the pastor; 1 ' having? no liturgy,' 'takes 'himself the - lib-1 erty to select .the psalms he sings.' - \- This would be'mere'calumny if it-were ' not - - a little madness." 1 W hat ? right . has 'any man -to-/ misrepresent; and "then to damn'hisibrother thus:?'!' ; ?" - s : But Mr;; Allen ; -likewise.! .defends i»tho condemnatory : 'portion - of1; the - creeds." Meaning the damnatory clauses of the Athanasian Creed. But he appears not to , know what, the objectionable , clauses are, for he reduces them to a denuncia tion of those who sin against the Holy . Ghost. He forgets that there is a most precise mathematical or metaphysical: de finition of the relations of the persons o£ the Trinity—definition of what, is prq- nounced . " incomprehensible," a confusion of theological terms, contradictions, be gotten;? proceeding, made, created — and then , with? respect to this incomprehen sible, thing — "he therefore that, will be saved must thus think of the Trinity." The doctrine of the Trinity is one thing, the precise formula which one uses in expressing that doctrine is another. One's unexpressed thoughts are another. Vet, here, not the doctrine only, but even the thought must be the same as that man-made form, on such a fathomless 8ubject; or else, damnation. If Pastor Allen thinks this a Christian thing, we cannot agree with him — until he can show us some proof from Scripture, that any man's salvation depends on " thus think ing." of the Trinity. These clauses are -simply the manufacture of Popish bigotry, and for, the purpose of excommunicating .the Eastern Church by the dominant Eomau corruption, and it is unprotestant and unchristian to defend them.,. > 