jffitfcftfl., SOME STRANGELY/FULFILLED * DBEAMB. SrSusiSD A. Pmotos » 'Belobavu.' So tu a* «h .be judged by ordinary methods or Interpretation, It would mud that U th* day* wbu th* history of Joseph m written, and aculn in the Urn* of Dtulel, no doubt m entertained respecting th» aupmaiarsl origin of all dream*. Joseph's brothers, according to the twratlve, took it tor granted that Joseph'* dream* indicated ?cms-thing which was to mpp*u in tu future. Whether t\«j questioned the wildly of Us own interpretation b not altogether daw. They hated hlm*fterhis flrat dream, aod envied him, we no told, after hi* (Mood : which «bom they feared be might be right in hie lnt*rpretati»n; bat, oath* other bind, they ooosplrad togetbii to »lay him, wbleh eaggetts thsy satortausd torn* doubt* an tb* ?abjoot. In tut, wo ?it expressly told thit wbon they oons.nnd ?gainst him, th«y sold. - Behold, tils dreamer eonwthj com* bop therefore, alMu day him,' and » forth, 'cad w« «h«U *e* what will beaoou of Ui dreams.' Jacob, moreover, though he bad 'obMrvod' Joseph's 'mjliig' about the drnm (after rebuking him for telling tbo 1*017), ?*»?? to have taken Joseph'* death lor granted: 'Joseph ii without doubt tent In piece*.' Possibly in thone days, even h now, dreams wan noticed when they were fnlfllUd, and forgotten when, ?« It seemed, they remained WttnlAIl*d'« ' In like nuaBCT, when the butler end biter of Pharaoh dreamed emoh man hie dream in one night, they were sod (that U, lerioua) the morning after 1 for they conld not under stand what th* dreams meant. BatJoieph «*ld, 'Da not interpretation* beloifg to OodT DonbtleH this wai the aeeepUd belief in the due when the hlrtory of Joieph wai written. It la alngnlar that the bntler, though he loifot Joieph till Pharaoh's dreams reminded bio of hit fellow priioner, eeetni to have weodated the power of Interpreting the two dreams with . the power of . bringing about the OTenta inppoied to be portended by the dreamt. ' It oame to pui, as bo interpreted to tu, ao It waif me he reatored unto mine office, him h* hanged.' Itii Jait thui thtt, in onr own time, personc who believe in the sleinu of fortune-tellers to predict the future, oommonly believe alio that fortune £'ller* on to tome degree oontrol the future ?1*0. Fnanoh's dreamt were rather more fortu nate to Joieph than either hli own or thoie of the oblet bntler and baker. (It U note worthy bow the dreama of tbe awry run In pairs.) In f aot, one might be led to eurmlie that ha Inherited something of tbe ingenuity ahown by hie father'a mother — referring to an arrangement, a year or two before Joieph entered the world, in whloh hli mother ahowed to do great advantage, according to modem Idem, Be this as It may, It wo certainly a olever thought of Joieph to anggeat that the unfavourable weather he had predicted might be provided against - by appointing a m«n discreet and wise to look alter the intereate of Egypt. Whom wh Pharaoh likely to appoint but the penon who predicted the seven bad hamate » Bvenao, In thete onr own tlmei, aiother Joieph told the British Pharaoh wha lately rnled over India that years of famine in India era be pradloted, and their effect* prevented by ap pointing a man dlebreet and wise to look after the interest* of India. And it is curious enough that thi« modem Joaeph atoms to have turned his thoughts to Ma anoient namesake, potting forward the idea, that the seven good years and the seven bad' years were years of many sun- spots, followed by years of few sun-Bpots. Nay, to strangely do these coincidences some times run on all-fours, that the younger Joseph has, adopted the idea that the pyramids of ' Egypt (which were once thought to be Joseph's etore-houBee). were astronomical instruments. Now, it is certain, though this he hafs not noticed, that before the upper half (in height) of the great pyramid was Bet on, the great ascending gallery might have been ubogUII the year round for observing- the sun at. noon; and that by using a dark Boreen at its uppermost or southern extremity, and admitting the sun's light only through a small ppenlng In thla curtain, a large and well-dented image of the lun eould have been obtained without any telescope, an image showing an; Urge apots whloh might be preaent on the sun's dlao. It would be a ? pleaiant theory (aud all the better suited lor association with th* sun-spot-weather theory,' in having no valid evidence in its favour) to suggest that Joaeph really ascer tained the approaeh of good and bad harvest* by solar observation. His advice was that the fifth part of the land of Egypt should be taken op— that la, stored up— In the seven plenteous yean; but the Astronomer Boyal for Scotland aaaures ua that the numbora five and seven are symbolised repeatedly In the great pyramid. Could anything dearer be desired T But although I have been allowing ' 'fancy to lead me for awayfrom foots,! tbinkit may safely be infened from the story of Pharaoh's dreamB that the prediction of good and bod harvest* wo* one of the qualities which the Pharaoh's chiefly -. valued in their wise men, -whether nuvgi or * astrologers. The story of Nebuohadnez ear's dream is still more «ing'-«» I snppoae tbo usual servloa expected by the kings ol Babylon from their soothsayer looluded the interpretation of all dreams which had left a |strong Impression on the Hag's mind— dream* Ilk* th* eight visions of UllDhaz the Tenunite, bringing fear and trembling, tasking all the bone* to shake. tt doe* not eesm to have entered Into the ordinary spun* of their dntle* to tall th* king nretVbat he had dreamed (when he bad forgone*), and afterward* what the dream might signify. Indeed, though it Is aot a very uncommon eaanmne* to forget a dream, yet a dmm --which baa been forgotten doe* not generally leave a very strong impreeitoD, and therefore would not (?quire Interpretation. It happened other wise with Hetnaahadaesxar. Bit i»plrlt was troubled, and tils atop broke from him, beoauee of tns dream, but what he had dreamt he oould not remember. Hi* aotion hereupon was soroswhatoraBy; but we must remember thete wsa madness in his blood. Retold the Chaldeans, that if they would not make known to him his -dream and the interpretation thereof, they should be oat in pieoos, and their bouses ' made a» dunghill. This was precisely the way, one woald imagine, to cause them to invent a dream (or him (he oould not have detected the truth Tory well), and to have devised a suitable interpretation, pleasing in the king's eyes— which -to persons 01 their ingenuity should not have been very difficult'1 However, we mutt not further con eider -these more anoient dreams, bnt turn *vt ones 16 the examination of «ome of thooe xemarkable dreams of modern tame* which bare been regarded as rt*wir«thM*-a«n»»r*i»aUy»entih some eases *e forewarnliigs, or at anyrat* as fore ahadowlng*olE*(l**a-U. Iffoaosetoeonrider (faaeenarratlte* with special nfereno* to the Uuory that dreams which «*m tobetaMUled an fulfilled onlyby aeoldceit: so many ' dream* oocunlng and ao nun* enafes, that itarouU In laot be «tnng*r the* ao suoh iMnha5iU«honld he raoognbed than that sou* among thwn ehouU ie»m ejxMediDgly strlkUg. There la on* dmtn slory whleb. tan hardly be tselaincd by tb»e*tacldenoe«nory, If Ira* In all it* sardeuUt*, It is rtlsted by Dt. Abereromble *» detwrvlng of bahalt, though I muat eonf*u that tec my own1 part I cannot but - think Ihe actual faot* must bar* undergone considerable modi&wtion; befora th* atory rnchoi itsnfetentfom. Ontalnly the case doei not lUuttrate th* occurrence of dreame, aa a warning, effective or otherwise according to etmumatuees, for tbe dream happened atmultaneously with the event to which il was sappMcd to relate. Toe story run* as follows (Dr. Aberarombie gives the story In a ?omswhat, but not eueatlally, dlfforent form):— - On th* Bight of Uth Hay, .1913, Mr. Williams, of Seorrlor Bo***, pear Esdruih, in Cornwall, wok* hi* wife, and In great ?Citation told h*r of a strabge dream he hod jut bad. He dreamt hs was In th* lobby of th*' Horn* of Common*, aid aaw a man ?hoot Iwith a pistol a gentleman who had fust mtend the lobby, who wa* said to bt ♦he Chancellor. His wile told him not to trouble himself about th* dream, but to go to elnp again. He followed, her advice, but presently wok* her again, saying h* bad almost the aaw dream- Y«t a third itm* was th* dream repeated ; altar whloh he was ?0 disturbed that, deipjte hi* wit*'* entrertle. that be would trouble himself n* more .about th* House of Commons, but try to sleep quietly, no got np and dressed hlmaelt. This wa* between on* and two o'clock in the morning. At breakfast, Hr. William* oould talk of nothing bnt the dream; and early the same mornlog he went to Falmeuth, where he told tbe dream to all of his acquitntanoe whom be met. Nut day, Hr. Tucker, of Trenaton Castle, accompanied by nil wife, a daughter of Mr. WlUiams, want to Beorrior House on a visit. Hr. Williams told Mr. Tucker the eiroumatanoa* of his dream. Mr. Tanker remarked that it could only be In a dream that the Chancellor would be found in th* lobby of the House of Commons. Hr. looker asked what aort of man the Chancellor seemed to be, and Mr. Williams minutely desoribed the man whs was murdered In his dream, Mr. Tnoker replied, ' Tour description is not at all that of the Chanoellcr, but is vary exactly that of Mr. Paroeval, the Chancellor of the E« chequer.' He aaked it Mr. Williams had ever seen Mr. Perceval, and Mr. Wililams replied that he had never aaan him or had any oommualoatlon of any aort with him; ?nd, further, thtt he had never been in the House of Commons in his life. At this moment they beard the sound of a none galloping to the door of the bouse ; imme diately after a son of Mr.' Williams entered th» room, and said that he had galloped from Truro, having seen a gentleman there who bad oome by that evenug'e mall from town, and who had been in th* lobby ol the House of Commons on the evening of the Utb, when » man oalled Belllngham had (hot Mr. Perceval. After the aatonlahment whloh this Intelligence created had a little asbaldfd, Hiv Williams described most minutely the appearanoe and drtss of the man whom he had asen in bis dream fire the pistol «t the Chancellor, a» also the appear ance and dress of the Chanoellor. About six weeks after, Hr. Williams, having busi ness in town, went, in oompany with a friend, to the House of Commons, when, as has been already observed, he bad never before been. Immediately that he oame to the steps of the entrance of the lobby, he said, 'This place Is as dlstlnotly within my recollection In my dream as any room in my own house,' and he made the snme observation whaah* entered the lobby. He then pointed out the exeat spot when BsUingham atooi when he fired, and also that which Hr. Perceval had reaohed when he was struck by the ball, where he fell. The dress both of Mr. Perceval and Btlllnxham agreed with the description given by Mr. Williams even to the most minute particulars, 80 runs the story. Of oourse, like the ' well-authenticated' ghost stories, this one Is confirmed by a number of particulars which an open to no other disadvantage than that of depending, like the rest of the story, on the narrator himself. It would be utterly absurd to base any theory respecting dreams on a story of thit Bort. The faot that on the night in question Hr. Williams dreamt about a murder in the House of Commons depends on Us own insertion and his wife's oonflraa tlon. Tbe details of the dream, the description of Perceval and BsUinghaui, Mr. Williamt'a ignoranoe respecting Hr. Peroeval'a appearance and the arrangement of the rooms In tbe House of Oemmone, these a«d a number of other matters essential to the effect of the story, depend on 'trust- worthy witnesses,' whose evidence has In point of faot never been taken. All these points are Ilka the details whloh appear in the papers ths first few daya after the occurrence of some ' tragio event.' They may be true or not, but they are apt to undergo considerable alteration when the witnesses are actually examined. If we accepted the atory precisely a* it stands, we should be led to *om* rather startling remits. In th* first plaoe, ths oolnoldeooes are too numerous to be ex plained as merely accidental Mr. Williams, or any other among the millions who slept and dreamt on the night of . the murder, might be readily eneugh believed to have had a startling dream about tbe murder of some member- of Parliament nigh in office. , Nor oould the triple repetition of suoh a dream be surprlsinir; for a dream whloh has produced asreat effect on the mind is »pt to be repeated. Bnt that the event itself of Perceval's murder should be represented precisely as it occurred to a man who did not know Peroeval or fielllngham from Adam,. Involve* a multiplicity of relations which oould not oonoalnbly be all fulfilled aolmultanaonsly. We should have to admit, if we aooeptod the story as It stands, that there was something, I will not say super natural or preternatural, nut outside .the rang* of known natural laws, In th* dreams of Mr. Williams of Beorrior House. How, the case does not fall under precisely the same oategory as those numerous stories told of the appearance ol persons, at th* moment of their death, to friends or relatives at a distance. - In the first place, most of these stories are themselves open to grave dsubt. The persons who relate them at*, by their own scooant, of highly . seusltim and readily excitable temperament, and we do not look for perfectly unoolourtd narratives j from such persons. Bat, even If we oeaept the general theory that, under certain con ditions, the mbd of a dying person may affect in tome way th* mind el a person at a diitanoe whols In someway Insympathy with th* mori bund, wecan hardly extend the theory to include strangers. It may not be utterly Incredible, perhaps:, that some pbyaloal mode of oommunlcatlon exists by which one brain may receive the *am* impressions which affect another— though I must confess I can not see my own way to believe anything of th* sort. But wa can hardly Imagine that the brain of * deeping person In no way connected with a dying nan eould be affected by *ush brain- waves. Every story «f the kind, truthful or otherwise, (us desoribed an impression produced on some dear friend or relative; eo thai we ahould be justified in thinking (if we better** these stories at all) that brain-waves iare especially intended for the beneSt of close friend* or near of Un'- It would be anewsid startling tUng it any man might have a vision of say ether person who cbanosd to be dying; and, considering that not a minute passes without aeveral deaths, wbO* than ate some 1500 millions of living persons, asarotly a day might be expected to pan without *om* one orottwiotthe multitudinous deaths of the ?day finding some one or-other brain among .the 1600 mullona In the proper franutor Mashing the visionary communication by th* linun-wave method. ? Nor is it «uy to Imagine a religlouily sttbernstunl intsrprttttlon of the story. The dream was certainly not sent as a warn ing, for when Williams dreamt his droau, PewnlwH fMh*Mitg uatdmd.oi tnJ alrasty dead. Toe event could produce ao beneficial iciflnsnoa csi manvnsi sjansralbT, tt* on the Baalish people specially, 0* . the Oondth folk still mow *p**Ully. To* number of parson* who oould be Mrtain that Hr. Witliamt was tolling th* truth (always 00 our present assumption thai this was th* ftue) were very few— In fast, only Mr. e&d; Mrs. Williams, Hr. Tucker, and perhaps one or Two 'rl«nas who remembered that ths details of the murder were communicated before tb* new* could have reached Hr. Williams. One does not readily see bow WlUiams himself was to be Beneficially influenced by bis remarkable experience. Hoot of those who beard the story would ait in the seat of the scornful, and receive no benefit, but barm. The idea generally entertained, and most probably by Williams a* well as the rest, would be simply this, that if it was worth while to let a miraculous vision of Per vjeval's murder appear to anyone; it would nave been well tc have let the vision appear before the event, and to some one not living ejuite ao far from town. Not, ' ladetd, that the waning might save Pmeevali for In realltylt I* a bull of the broadest sort to imagine that a true vision of a murder ban prevent th* murder. But a warning dream might serve useful purpose* without preventing th* event it Indicated. It a nun dreamt that he was to die in a week, and believed th* dream, ha would have no hope from the advioe of hi* doctor, or from any other precaution! he might make against death ; y»t he would usefully employ th* week In arranging his affairs. But it could be of no earthly use to Perceval, or anyone else, that a vision of fata death should appeat.ln triplicate to eome one down tu Cornwall on the very night when th* tragedy oooutred In London. (To be cmiinuti.J . 