MU. J. O. STEWARTS SPEECH AT I THE SCOTS CHURCH. r. TO THE EDITOR OK TOE ARGUS. Sir,-I was for about 30 yeara a member of the Presbyterian Church, and for the laat 10 of theBo years was an older thereof, and therefore ought to know something of the " Standards of that church, as it waa the unbelievable and (to my mind) unscriptural teachings of these Standards that caused me to leave that church and join another which does not recognise the " Westminster Con fession of Faith The Rev Mr M Eachran, in your issue of yesterday, expresses his amazement at the utterances of Mr Stewart, and states that neither of the four doc trines to which Mr, Stewart takes excep tion are to be found in tho Coufession of Faith |Mr M Eachran received his education in Scotland, and so did I, and we therefore both know that this Con fession of Faith was drawn up and framed for the express purpose of setting forth in plain and unmistakable language what were considered tho doctrines and truths taught in the Scriptures. Heresies and errors had by that time sprung up in consequence of Scrip- ture phrases and expressions which ad mitted of more than one meaning or definí tion being twisted from its obviously intended meaning to something very different And to guard against this, and also as a guide to those who really desired to know the truth, " The Confession of Faith ' was compiled, wherein all these things were stated clearly and in plain language, so as to be understood by all classes, and as a further aid to the full understanding of these matters " The Larger Catechism ' was framed-that being chielfly intended for adult use-an abridgment of which, known as the "Shorter Catechism," being intended for the use of children and youth. What, then, saith the " Confession ' about tho creation of the world, &c; , in six days ' Chapter 4, section 1, says - " It pleased God tho Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, for tbo manifestation of tho glory of His eternal power, wisdom, and goodness, in tho beginning, to creato, or make of nothing, tho world, and all things therein, whether visible or invisible, in tho space of six days, and all very good ' The 15th question of the " Larger Catechism" is as follows -"What is the work of creation?' The answer is-"The work of creation is that wherein God did in the be- ginning, by the word of HIs power, make of nothing the world, and all things therein, for Himself, within the space of six days, and all very good " The corresponding question, with answer thereto, ia the 9th of tho " Shorter Catechism, ' and is as follows - " What is the work of creation? '' "Tho work of creation is God's making all things of nothing, by tho word of His power, in the space of six days, and all very good " Mr. M'Eachran, along with almost every boy in Scotland, learned to repeat this question. What did he understand by the term day, and did any of his teachers or ministers under- stand or think of it in any other sense than a natural day of 24 hours? Old not the framers of the Confession of Faith honestly under- stand the term in exactly the same sense ? And why ? Because at that time they knew no better, and honeatly understood the term " day" in the first chapter of Genesis to mean a natural day of 24 hours, and nothing else Moreover, has not Mr M Eachran heard from Scotch pulpits, as I have heard, the infant science of geology denounced, for teaching that which was considered to be contrary to the plain statements of the Bible, viz , "that the formation of this world must have occupied a long series of ages, and that the belief hitherto entertained of its being created in six ordinary days was altogether at variance with the testimony of God Himself as recorded in the rocks ? ' Mr M'Eachran surely knows well that the term day in con- nexion with this matter was never, until about 35 years ago, understood to mean aught else than an ordinary day of 24 hours In spite, however, of denunciation and per- secution, the truths of geology made headway like a flood, and many now living wonder that such absurd notions regarding the creation of the world could ever have been entertained Would it detract one particle from the honpst manliness of Mr M'Eachran, or from that high esteem which every right-thinking person desires to cherish towards a Christian minister, were he frankly to acknowledge to be correct what I have here stated ? But that science has now shed such a flood of light upon this matter that the views entertained by the venerable compilers of the Confession, as well as by all others until a very recent period, can no longer be recognised Surely such a course would be more manly, not to speak of it as being more becoming in a Christian minister, than using hair splitting quibbles about the day in question not being stated in the Confession to be of 24 hours duration. Mr M'Eachran must surely know well that such a day and no other was meant, and like a true man he ought to say so Mr Stewart is,a total stranger to me 1 are sorry to see what appears to me a aoft of apologetic letter from him in your issue of this morning He stated the plain teaching of the Confession upon the several points noticed by him, and everyone-the Presbytery of Castlemaine in- cluded-desirous of knowing what these horrible teachings are, should buy a copy of the book, and study it for themselves - Yours, &c; SINCERITY. Aug 19. TO TUE EDITOR OP THE ARGUS Sir,-In confirmation of some of the state- ments made by your correspondents this morning, allow me to refer to the Systematic Theology of Dr Hodge-a divine who is cer- tainly held as an authority among Presby- terians On the question of the rule by which the heathen are judged, I find such passages as tho following -" It is therefore the common faith of the Christian world that, so far as adults are concerned, there is no salva- tion without the knowledge of Christ, and faith in Him'-(Vol I,p 30) All men are under condemnation, and "although a man were free from outward sins, and, were it possible, from the sins of the heart, this negative goodness would not suffice " It is also evident that mere natural religion-the mere objective power of general religious truth, must be as inefficacious in preparing men for the presence of God as the water of Syria to heal the leprosy (I , p 29) The doctrine of the Wealeyan ArmimanB, who believe that God may give an inward super- natural light to save, he styles an "amiable hypothesis " Again, in regard to predestination, he teaches that the decrees of God relate to all events "All events necessary or con- tingent, good or sinful, are included in the purpose of God, and their futuntion or actual occurrence is rendered absolutely certain" (I, 542) ' ' The Scriptures teach that sinful acts, as well as -such as are holy, are foreor- dained " In the statement of the doctrine of salva- tion, vol II , p 333, it is said, " God elected a number . . and left the rest to the just recompense of their sins " " The ground of this election is not the foresight of any- thing in the one class to distinguish them from the other, but the good pleasure of God " Saving power " is exercised only on behalt of the elect " In regard to the doctrine of creation, I give only one extract -" According to the more obvious interpretation of the first chapter of Genesis, this work was accomplished in six days This, therefore, has been the common belief of Christianity It is a belief founded on a given interpretation of the Mosaic record, which interpretation must be con- trolled not only by the laws of language, but by facts ' Perhaps the Presbyterian Church would exercise a wise discretion if a similar rule were applied to other dogmas , and they were interpreted not only by the laws of lan guage, but by the facts. Aug. 19. -I am,í.c, X TO THE EDITOR 01 THE ARGUS Sir,-In connexion with the letters now appearing m your columns on the subject of the " Westminster Confession perhaps it would not be out of place to point out that nowhere does Scripture say that the earth was created in either six days of 24 hours, as meant by tho " Confession," or in six days of an unknown number of hours, as maintained by its critics Each of the six days work is clearly defined, and nowhere does it hint that the creation of the earth was part of that work The account in the firat chapter of Genesis is clear and distinct " In the begin ing God created tho heavens and the earth is a statement standing alone, and points back, it may be, millions of years previous to the time when God began to furnish the earth and make it habitable for man What Scripture does not say is sometimes quite aa expressive as what it does say In Genesis i 2, when God began to work upon an earth already in existence we find it all in confusion, ' without form and void We know, however, that "God is not the author of confusion (1 Cor xiv 33), and a comparison of this passage in Genesis with Isaiah xlv l8-"Ho created it not in vain, He formed it to bo inhabited, and Jeremiah IV 23, wherein judgment is seen to reduce it to a condition similar to that in which we find it in Genesis i 2, will clearly indicate that such was not the state in which it came from the hand of God, but these various passagea suggest a perfect thing (over which judgment had at some time passed), a partial ruin, and a restoration To my mind there is no necessity to square Biblical accounts with the revelations of science by putting upon them etrained in terpretations which would never suggest themselves to an ordinary reader, Let Scrip ture stand alone, and if taken in its integrity it has nothing to fear, but on the contrary, the strong light of exact science will only serve to make manifest its hidden beauties, and bring into greater prominence the wonderful plan of its construction.-Yours. k&c.; Aug. 19. _ M. TO THE EDITOR OF THE ABOU8. Sir,-Would you kindly inaert the follow- ing extracts from tho Confession of Faith, in order that tho public may see how much reliance it can place on Mr M'Eachran a judgment? I know Mr.. M'Eachran too well to believe that there is in him .ha smallest possibility of dishonesty, but it will be easily seen, on comparing these extracts with Mr M Eachran's letter of yesterday, to what a degree of obliquity in mental vision the constant study of theology leads - Ch iv 1 -" It pleased God tho Father, Son, and Holy Ghost to create or make of nothing tho world and all things therein, whether visible or invisible, la tho space of six days, and all very good."? Let me note that though in the poetic language of Genesis we can interpret " days" to mean anything that the exigencies of tho church may require, it can only be the simplest folly to say that in a legally worded document like the Confession of Faith, written in vigorous English and of com- paratively modern date, the word "day" meana anything but 24 hours If the com- pilera of that document meant anything different it is time that some revision was effected. Chap X 4 - "Others not elected, though they may be called by tho ministry of tho Word, and may have some common operations of tho Spirit, yet they never truly come unto Christ, and therefore cannot bo saved, much less can men not professing the, Christian religion be saved In any other way whatsoever, be they ever so diligent to frame their lives according to the light of nature and the law of that religion they do profess, and to assert and maintain that they may is very pernicious and to be detested ' Chap I1L 8 -" By the decree of God for tho maní cstation of Ills glory some men and angels are pre- destinated unto everlasting life, and others fore ordained to everlasting death " 4 " These angels and men thus predestined and fore ordained are particularly and unchangeably de signed, and their number Is so certain and definite that it cannot be either increased or diminished ' 7 " Tho rest of mankind God was pleased according to tho unsearchable counsel of his own will, whereby he extendeth or withholdeth mercy as no pleaseth, for tho glory of His sovereign power over His creatures, to pass by, and to ordain them to dishonour and wrath for their sin, to tho praise of His glorious justice " Chap x 3-"Elect Infants dying in infancy are regenerated and saved by Christ through the Spirit, who worketh when and where and how He pleaseth As nothing is said about non-elect infants, there is only one conclusion to be drawn from this passage. These quotations will, I think, justify each of Mr. Stewart's four assertions, and show how widely the wording of the Presbyterian standards is divergent from the ordinary church beliefs as expounded by Mr. M'Eachran. Aug. l8. I am, ü¡c., ACCURACY. 