g- I = c. -ss — GHOSTLY MUSIC. (From the New York Times.) SriRiTUALisai; which is represented by those who believe, in it. to bo - vastly superior to t. Cm istianily, differs,. of course, from the later in « its ie\elntio»s as to the state of music in the I other world. The church has ahvays'held that I the angelic host sings and nl.ivs on the barn and ( the tiumpet in a \yny altogether beyond the reach of criticism. Though _a good deal can be ; done with harps and trumpet s, we are not shut t up to the conclusion that these are the cud' in- ! Birnmeiits used by the blessed ghosts in Para- | Ylise, Probably the term trumpet is a general j . mie, and includes trombones, saxhorns, and other i-sstrumeuts on which'' tire chromatic scale can . be played. However this may be the church j lias always taught ili.at the angels are accom- j phslied .musicians, and . has never thought it : woitli while to repel the blasphemous sugges- ' . t Kin that accordions banjos, and such like de- busing reservoirs of vulgar noise are known | beiond the hohndsof this miserable earth. | - But spiritualism, on the other hand, shows us . that the state of musical culture among ghosts is no better than that "which characterises an Indiana country town. The average ghost plays un only the most execrable instruments, and sings only the most empty ami aggravating songs. As for pvoducing a deeent tone with a trumpet, or playing the simplest melody with the harp, the ghosts of spiritualism have never even ventured to make the attempt. When a "materialising seance"' is. held, the .medium al ways requests the circle of believers to sing, alleging that under the influence of music ghosts : materialise with comparative ease. But what are the songs that are sung in spiritual circles? The " Sweet By and By" is a fair sample of them. They are invariably the illiterate sentimental songs popular among people who know absolutely nothing about music. They are sung through the nose with the mechanical sameness of the barrel-organ, and with a dragging of the time that is simply maddening. One would think that if the sing ing of the "Sweet By and By": could induce any ghost to materialise, it would be a large ghost with a heavy club, and a wild desire to brain the singers. Unfortunately, this is net what ordinarily happens. The singing is fol lowed l\v the appearance of ghosts who are in the best of tempers, and apparently perfectly satisfied with the " music" which lias lured them from I he other world. Of course, this is fatal to our respect for ghosts. If a ghost will deliber ately come to earth to hear neoule whose voices are as cracked as their brains sing the "Sweet By and By" they are wholly unfit to he noticed by persons of any sort of musical culture. This being the kind of musical taste which prevails in the other woi Id, we need not be surprised to find that not a single ghost has Bk yet materialised vvho can play on anv decent H instrument. What is even worse is the fact 9B that the entire ghostly world seems to be given HB over to the accordion. Occasionally a ghost HE will strike the strings of a guitar so as to pro- hH dnce a diseoidant noi.se, but the accordiou is nEB positively the only instrument which ghosts HH will play in public. If spiritualism is true, E| it is evident that the first thing a disembodied sOB spirit does is to learri to pin' on the accordion. jjlSfa Men who in this world would have smitten to HH the earth the wretch who should have tried Jo jSssm place an accordion in their hands will, in their ghostly state, take up the instrument from the medinin'8 table, and proceed to encourage its asthmatic wheezing. Mm It is certainly -very strange that we should thus deteriorate after death. The liite Daniel AVebster was confessedly one of the greatest Pi||| men of anj' age. He never plaj'ed on any in- Btrunient, and. in fact, had no liking whatever |pij|iP for music, but his views of the accordion were " sucli as became a statesman, a Christian and a gentleman. Yet, now that he is dead, lie has devoted himself with mucli assiduity to the ac cordion, and when lie condescends to materialise for the benefit of a roomful of spiritualists — as lie frequently does— lie is pretty sure to say, "Griniine that there accordion and I'll play a little sulhiu," whereupon he plays the " Sweet By and By," " Mollie Darling," or " Beautiful Spring." George Washington is equally bad, and even Shakspenre has repeatedly shown that he shares the ghostly fondness for accordions. Inevitably, this casts a gloom over the future world. If, when we are dead, we sink to the accordion, and find pleasure in the " Sweet By and Bv," we are decidedly better off here than we will be hereafter. So far as we can learn from materialised ghosts, there is not a harp nor a brass instrument in the other world, and if there were; there -is not a ghost who could play on them. Were we to adopt the hypothesis thai only the ghosts of bad men had the power to return to eartii, and that their familiarity ivitli the accordion is acquired while undergoing punishment, we might feel a little encouraged, but, in point of, fact, the ghosts of the very best and noblest men play the accordion, so that the hvDOthesis suffsested is olsnrlv un- tenable. Our best plan is to decide that spiritualism cannot be true. It is far inore probable that mediums lie and that spiritualists are deceived than it is that Daniel Webster and Dante play the accordion. Let ns cherish our old belief in celestial harps and angelic trumpets, and hope that in the future life we shall be free from the sight and sound of the accordion. Perhaps the fallen angels, .having dropped and broken their harps, torment miserable sinners by singing the '"Sweet- By and By," and accompanying themselves on the accordion, cut surely in any other part of the universe of ghosts that wretched instrument aud revolting song must be unknown. 