CLOUD & SUNSHINE. » ? ' But,' she eaiJ, half doubtfully, ' he does not love me.' ' That does not matter. I prophesy that he will love you in the end — that whmi you have roused his soul from its sleep it will turn to you naturally ,.as the sunflower turnB to the sun. Do you not oresee it, Hildred?' And an almost saintly enthusiasm ehone on his face. It is possible, Raoul, but ? ' . ? Nay be brave. You must not think of the ?word ' but.' You must be enthusiastic over it — nothing can be done without enthusiasm , You iruust give yourself up to it, as a missionary does ?to the conversion of the heathen, as a martyr does to his death. Yon must work for it, live for it, :die for it. Have you the courage and the constancy if or this, Hildred?' : The light was deepening on her face, the fire in her eyes. The passion of his words iras beginning ?to tell on her. ' * I have both the courage and the constancy/ ishe replied. ? ' Think of the difference in the ending,' he said. ? Imagine the earl on his deathbed, tortured by .the ghosts of those whom he ha« neglected, by the ighosts of duties left undone, ready to curse the young wife who, by flying from him and leaving him to his own devices, had hastened his ruin, rbody and soul — picture that. Then fancy to your self the earl on his deathbed, blessing the dear : wife, the noble woman whe saved him from ruin, :who woke his soul from its long sleep, who taught him how to live and to die. Could you hesitate Ji'or one moment between these two pictures?' 'No, not for one moment, Raoul. I do not (hesitate — I will not hesitate. I will do my life's rwork.' : ? That is well said. You must resolve to otrer ' come alii difficulties — you -must say to yourself' 'from the -beginning nothing shall daunt you. You will think that I am preaching to you. ; but, although I have only been a rough soldier, I have seen a great deal of life, and I have come to the conclusion that if women, instead of studying ;jiiedicine, quarrelling over votes, and attending public meetings, would devote themselves to ?cultivating the best qualities of their husbands' the world would be better than it is.' ' Reforming their husbands' instead of the British Constitution,' put in Hildred, smiling. .But he had spoken in solemn earnestness and , could not understand her smile. «... . 'I cannot tell you,' he said gravely, ' how | tighly I think of you for, having made- me this promise. When in the years to come/I 6ee the man whom I loved as a boy esteemed, ..honourod, respected, I shall bless your name, even as he '?will.' A faint smile parted her lips. : ??Haoul,1 she said, ' you seem very.- certain as to my success. You have no fear that I eliall fail?1 ' , ' No. Those who set to work with thorough good will seldom fail,' he replied; and there was ?something in his quaint earnest siraplieity which carried her with him. ' I do not say for one moment that you will :have all plain sailing,' he continued. ' Indeed, ; frankly speaking, I know no man is easily turned ?from such fatal habits of self -indulgence as Lord Caraven has contracted — it is a work of time and of patience, of almost infinite love. And you know jny opinion of it,' he went on; 'it is the grandest of all missions that a woman can undertake. The apostle of the household has a task as exalted as that of the apostle of the heathen.' She pondered his words in silence broken only 'by the western wind, as it bent the heads of the roses, and shook the white acacia-blossoms on to the grass. It was Hildred who with a little ory broke;the silence as she looked into Sir Eaoul's face. ' We have forgotten one thing,' she said ; ? we have decided that Ulric's reformation must be attempted, that is a good thine to undertake, bat you have not told me how it is to.be set about.' ? Your own instincts will tell you that. Will you let me speak quite freely to you, Hildred, and promise me that you will not be offend«d'with one eimjle word I shall say ?' She raised her dark eyes to his. ' You are so good, Baoul,' she cried, ''that I am sure you could never displease me, 6ay ? what you jnight ; indeed, I look upon, it rattier as a luxury than otherwise to be scolded by you.' . ' This is not scolding. You ask me how you are to win your husband. I will tell you. We start from this point — that a great wrong has been done to .you, but that you are too noble to seek revenge.' Her face cleared. ? I want no revenge,' she replied. ? Good,' said Sir Raoul ; ' a. wrong has been done you, but you will not retaliate — you are even willing to return good for evil. The first thing that you have to do, Hildred, is to lay aside that proud, injured, defiant expression that you always, assume when your husband is near.' ' Do I ?' she asked in wonder. ' Yes ; you are perhaps bright, animated, charm ing, when he enters the room, but the next moment you are like a woman turned to stone ; a proud chill seems to come over you, to freeze you, your eyes grow cold, all tho smiles die from your lips, you are as different in his presence as sun light is from darkness.' ? How can I help it, when I know that he does not like me r' she asked piteously. ? It is difficult, 1 admit, but heroism will do much. No»v I know such a manner upsets him ; he doss not like it. You may say as he does not care for you your manner can -make no dif ference.' ' I should most certainly have -thought so,' was her reply. ? ' But you are wrong, Hildred; I have watched him very keenly, and I say that you are quite wrong. When you draw that cold mask over your face, you harden his heart against you.' ' It is always hard for me,' she said. 'Then you make it worse — I have seen it. When yon are proud and defiant, he tries to show you that he does not care, that it is of no moment to him ; he says things to you that he would never say if you were gentle. Shall I (jive you an example of what I mean? The other morning you ?were in my room ; you had brought me some beautiful flowers — you were like an angel of goodness to me — your face was bright, your lips were smiling, your eyes glad. I was thinking to myself how fail and graceful you were, how above all other women you were calculated to brighten a man's heart and hie heme. You were holding a epray of mignonnette in yonr hands, telling me how fragrant it was, and inventing all kinds of pretty fancies in connection with it. Ulric came in — you remember ?* She bent her head, and her face flushed. ' I do remember,' she assented shyly. ' He saw the mignonnette in yeur hands, and bent forward to look at it. ' It is the sweetest flower that blooms/ he said. The cold mask in a moment fell over yonr face, and I saw you — mind, I saw you — throw the pretty spray away as though it had etnng you/ She clasped her white hands with a pretty air of penitence. ? It was very wrong, Baoul, I know ; I have no pxcuee/ ' Then Ulric, in his turn, said something 'ladies' airs' which you did not like. You «wept out of the room ; and the next time yon met neither of you spoke.' ' How closely you have observed me !' she said, with a hot flush on her face. ' Because I love both you and Ulric eo dearly,' he replied. ' Now for my illustration, Hildred. Supoose that, instead of throwing away the flower that he liked, yon had looked up into bis Cace and had said something gay or graceful or pretty ; he would have returned n i :nilinjj answer, ind all would have been well ; and the next time jpoa met he would hare been even more smiling ud you more kind/ ♦ But, Baoul,' she asked * would that have been ? fincere? I do, not feel kind or pleased — is it uncere to affect to be bo ?' 'You ought to feel kind— he is your own husband. All that I can say is that you should try to fell so, whether you do or not. Now begin this very day; throw off that stony mask for ever. How is be to know what a tender soul is hidden by . - that freezing Cace unless you give him some \- -shsnoBof finding it ont? Do not aay to yourself ? that you will begin to-morrow or tie day after — begin «t once. Say to jouxmU that yon will win y;:'.:$a£ . . ? ???..? ? . j ' Is it not unwomanly jo seek for love which is not offered to you, Raonif ' It might be in a gut, it is not in a wife. I think a wife should aspire to win her husband, to make him love her with all his heart/ ' Lord Caraven will never love me/ she said. ? I do not think that he has any heart to give ; it is all wasted — he has had a hundred loves.' ' But not one real one, Hildred. If yon win his heart, take my word for it, you will be the first love. We will take our stand on something higher. To win love is pleasant, but you shall not devote your life to that. You Bhail devote yourself to the rousing of a soul, naturally noble, but long buried in self-indulgence and folay ; you shall spend your life in making the Earl of Caraven worthy of the name he bears. You have promised. ' ' I promise again/ she replied. ' Ah, child, you know but little, after all, of what you will have to encounter! But a true soldier never deserts his post ; he dies doing his duty. You will have many sore humiliations, 'many bitter nouia of annoyance, many a contest with your own pride, but you will win in tie end — of that I am sure — and we shall berin our new life Hildred, to-day.' She had clasped her hands together, and looked at him with piteous entreaty.^ ' I wish/ she said, * that you would tell me what to do first. I could go on if I only knew how to begin/ He smiled gravely. ' Perhaps you would think my first lesson a very hard one/ he said. ' I will do what you tell me, Baoul, let it be what it may/ ' Then 1 suggest -this. You wish to make a little advance — nothing very marked, but some trifling act of civility that will make amends, and show your desire to be what children call ' friends/ He did not know what an effort it cost her to say ' Yes,' but she did say it, and she meant it. 'Then thia is what I suggest. It was abet a spray of mignonnette that you displeased Ulric Ia6t. Gather some beautiful sprays of it, the | fineEt you can obtain, and take them to him. Say quite carelessly, ' You admire mignonnette, bo I have brought you this.' 'And suppose/ said Hildred, 'that he repays me in kind l-y throwing it away?' ' Never mind — courage and patience must be your watchwords. Ah, Hildred, after all, our likes and dislikes should have little to do with our duties ! You will not be alone in your.struggles ; I shall watch over you, I shall help you, and sympathy is sweet.' She caught his hand and kissed it. He saw b*r face c ear, and a bright earnest light shine in her eyes. ?Do you know, Baoul/ she said, 'that I feel happier even now before I have begun. 1 did not like the thought of running away ; there was something very cowardly about it. Now I shall never think of 'it again. I shall endure it to the very end. I am happier even for the resolve. I have something to live for — ' Something to live for, life to begin ; S jmethiug to fight lor, something to win.' I must be more patient than patience itself. I must be humble ; all vanity and self-esteem muat leave me betore i begin the task that you have sflt me. 1 must rise from the commonplace to th* heroic, and say to myself, it is for the good of a human soul/ ' Hildred, you do not know how often I have longed to speak to you about this/ he remarked — ' to help you, to advise you ; and now that yon have given we the privilege I shall not be slow to avail myself of it.' It was wonderful how the expression of the beautiful face had changed during the quiet interview. She rose with the gayest, sweetest laugh he had ever heard from her hps. ' I am a w«man with a mission/ she said, ' and I shall always think of myself with capital letters. Raoul, I cannot be grateful enough to you. When you first entered the house ,J felt as though Heaven had sent me a friend. Xf happiness comes to me through following yonr counsel, how shall I thank you ?' ' I shall need no thanks, Hildred/ he replied. ' You are and have beer, ever since I first saw you, the dearest object on earth to me. You are my dear sister, Ulric's wife. I have loved Ulric all my life — I could not help loving you/ ' Now I am going to practise my first lesson in humility/ she said. 'Baoul, I wish that you could' be in the room when I give my husband the uaignonnette/ ? That would spoil all/ he replied laughingly ; ' and he is so quick, so keen, he would find ont at once that the /ittle scene had been arranged be tween, us/ ' Then I must venture all by myself, I suppose/ said Lady Co raven. 'I feel as shy as — I cannot tell you what. Raoul, if he is cross or contemptu ous I shall lose heart/ ' No, you will not. Having once put your hand to the plough, you will not turn back.' When your hope or your courage fails you, say to yourself, ' I have to win my husband's heart' — that will give you all your courage again.' She walked slowly down the path, Sir Eaoulby her side. She looked round on the four high ivied walls. ' I have always loved this littie pleasaunce,' she said. ' I shall love it better than ever now. It will seem almost like a church to me/ ' Why like a church ?' he asked with some amusement. ? Because one of the best sermons I have ever heard preached has been preached to me here/ she replied. ' I have learned a lesson here. I shall never see these high ivied walls, or touch a crimson carnation without thinking of you, Raoul, and all you have said/ Then he watched her as she went from one bed of mignonnette to another, looking eagerly for the choicest sprays, holding them up to him with wist ful eager face and sweet pathetic eyes. * Will this do, and this ?' she asked as si tn Divas I a child. ' Oh, Raoul, I hope he will not be angry ! — I hope he will be pleased. ! I shall tell you how | I get on. I am nervous about it/ In another minute the beautiful face had die- 1 appeared, and Sir Raoul was left in the pleasaunce j alone. I ' A man might lay down his bfe for such a | woman as that,' he said, with what was almost a. I sigh. ****** Lord Caraven stood in the billiard-room st Kavensmere ; he had been playing with one of his friends, who, having received a telegram, had gone to answer it. He stood alone, leaning care lessly against the open verandah, something more than his usual indifference darkening bis face ; he never liked interruption during a game. ?A most unpropitious moment/ thought the young countess, as she caught sight of him ; but, having given her word to Sir Raoul, she would have marched up to the mouth of a loaded canncn rather than have broken it. Looking up, the earl could not but confess that he had seldom seen a lovelier picture than his young wife at that moment presented, with, a flush on her face, and her hands filled with sprays of fragrant mignonnette. She would not reveal her hesitation, but went straight up to him, smiling so that he little guessed hovr her heart beat. He raised his eye brows as she drew nearer to him. What was go ing to happen ? Before he had time to speak his face was buried in a soft, dewy mass of fragrant vignonnette. ' There '/ said a laughing voice. * You said this morning that this was your favourite flower. I have been looking for the most fragrant sprays of it that I could find/ ' He could not believe the evidence of his senses : it was incredible that the laughing1 voice belonged to his cold, proud wife — the girl who had swept imperiously from the room when he saw her last. He looked at her in amazement. She would not see the surprise on his face or make the least difference of it. 