, •, , . WE must congratulate residents in our important imnortant centre centre of ui. population pupuiauu' upon i u the unmistakable signs of piogress which are to be met with on every hand. Perhaps there can be no more reliable indication of the stability of the commercial interests of a place, or no surer sign of material prosperity, than the growth of population and consequent erection of the necessary domiciles for housing the additions to our numbers. During tlic past year the astonishing rapidity with which suburban villages have sprung up almost reminds one of the fairy tales of youth, when cities were built in a night, and it is pleasing to note too that the majority of these houses have large claims to respectability, neatness, and comfort Stirling road has becomc quite a populous place ; whilst the Extension and Port Augusta East together make a respectable-sized country town. West Side, too, has grown, and can boast a handsome new store (nearly completed) for Messrs. Bignell & Young, and an equally handsome hotel erected by Messrs. Bayer and Withall. Private residences have also increased, and others are in course of erection. But whilst this suburban extension is going on at such a rapid rate it is highly gratifying to know that urban matters are proportionately prosperous. In the town proper wc have had innumerable additions to our commercial, public and private buildings, and still the number is increasing. It will not perhaps ^ be considered out of place if we refer in this the first j issue in the new year to the prin- j cipal additions to the architecture of t our seaport, and draw a few deductions j of a practical character from the progressive strides we have been and are still making in commercial matters. We cannot do better perhaps than to refer first of all to the really grand flour mill erected on or near the old Yudnamutana property by Messrs. John Dunn & Co. Tin* mill has no equal in all the Australias, either in the I matter of machinery, general arrangement and construction of the building, and excellence of the provisions | against fire. Coming down Tassie-j street we find that Mr. Burgoyne has ! erected a handsome two-storied ! weatherboard structure, which is at j present used as a store. Directly ; ^worthy addition to itlie .number ,of.«c-1 -cdlent hosieries with wijich ftur town j s already supplied. Messrs. Bignell nd Young's new bonded store proises lo be an attractive feature in the rchitecture of the street, and will unuestionably meet a long felt want. Commercial-road we find that some umble-down shanties have been demolished, and phoemx-like from their ruins structures of a character worthy a in the chief business thoroughfare of our town are springing up. The pile of buildings connected with the office of this journal cannot fail to present a striking feature. When complete the auction mart, .store, and offices will have a handsome facade, balcony, and verandah. The old and well-known Port Augusta Hotel has been thoroughly renovated and fitted up in a very tasteful manner. On the opposite side of the street the directorate of the Bank of Adelaide have erected new premises for the conduct of business. Although small, the design is very pretty. The old bank premises are now undergoing a thorough course of repair and alteration, and will shortly be opened by Mr. Asher as a large and fashionable draper)' v mart. The Road Board offices occcupy a position on the block adjoining the Court-house and " Town acre, and although we admit their suitability for the purpose for which they were erected, we should have preferred a more fitting structure viewed architectural!}', or have relegated it to some rear street where a larger block of land could have been found for showing off its now hidden beauties. Mr. I. Coventry has effected extensive alterations in his premises. The Railway Terminus Hotel is a product of 1880—or at least was completed in that year—and is an ornament to the street, its internal arrangements, we understand, being quite equal to its external appearance. There are no less than four or five small weatherboard shops in existence in Commercial-road which sprang up during lakt year, and which, it is to be hoped, will give place ere the demise of 1881 to nobler buildings. The railway station, at the head of Commercial-road, is a pretty and very convenient building, nicely fitted and finished, affording every convenience for passengers by the train. In Church-street three new shops have been erected by Air. W. Graham, and Mr. James Waller has n w w o o T built two haiidsome new private residences at the juncture of Gibson and Church streets. Mr. Hullett's new residence, facing the public squire, at the rear of the waterworks office, adds to the appearance of that part of the town, as do also the extensive business premises of the Messrs. Coombe Bros, fn Marryatt-street. Time and space torbid us to attempt an enumeration of the " thousand and one" new private residences which have sprung up during the year. We have just glanced very briefly at the most important improvements. There are others of a public character which we hope to see commenced during the present year, _ _ most prominent amongst which are * : new premises for the old-established Bank of i^outh Australia. It is certainly high time that this corporation followed in the steps of the Bank of Adelaide and National Bank, and erected a structure worthy its importance. The present premises are altogether inadequate to the business transacted, and the obliging manager must find it very inconvenient, cramped as he undoubtedly is for room in the private as well as public departments of the building. The Bank has two excellent building sites—one in Tassie- Street and the Other 111 Commercial- | road—and no difficulty is therefore . , • • iv_ „.„„ij presented m this respect. ^ e uould urge upon the directorate the art visabilily of at once commencing the erection — of suitable premises premises for for the the \- - ' conduct of their business, and would suggest the desirability of keeping in view the increasing importance of the town and growing commercial interests. 1 „., J? f® Town Hall has j k , lllC q uestl °" 01 a " ew . 10wn " a 1 "f een nioo iod, and we hope eventually ;( to see a building of .if:. this character | gracing the " town acre." I . The , . breadth . ofthe . . maritime j . , interests 1 Of this port is indicated by the large number of vessels annually visiting our harbor, and the enormous quantities of produce shipped to the United Kingdom and Continent of Europe, to say nothing of intercolonial transactions. We are never without some large craft in mid-stream or moored alongside the jetties. The absolute neglect with which matters affecting our harbor have been treated by the Parliament should rouse us to action and induce us to oi^anise our forces with a view of preventing similar treatment in the future. We must move in the matter, and demand the immediate attention of the Government to the necessities of our case. We have quietly folded our hands under past impositions and neglect; but it becomes us as men and citizens to assert our rights" and privileges, and force a practical recognition of our wants upon " the powers that ! be." If we are alive to our own in- ! , . . 1 terests during the current year we may | reasonably expect that with better har- j vest returns our growth and prosperity j wdl not only continue, but will astonish the most sanguine of our citizens. So mote it be! IT becomes the duty of every man who is interested in any particular profession to make himself acquainted with the rules of that profession, so that his actions may be in accordance witfo what is deemed right and proper, The soundness of this far from original maxim is altogether too palpable to be contradicted, and the same principle is applicable (to every department of life. Laws are enacted for the governance of the nation, and special enactments find a place in our statute books—for the proper and legitimate conduct of certain branches of commercial pursuits. Thus we have the Licensed Victuallers' Act for regulation of the sale of liquors, and we hold that it is the duty of every licensed victualler in the colony to be conversant with the provisions of that Act, awl tb.at, too, for their own protection. There is no . other trade u.ider such strict surveillance as this; and the penaltie pro-1 Acts, and as there are several importynj alterations effected and various ew clauses introduced, the trade ! ould do well to become acquainted ith the provisions of the new Act at nce. Mr. F. Driggs, the worthy host f the Royal Hotel, of this town, was victimised in the Police Court on uestlay last to the extent of jQ2, simply because he was unacquaiuted : with a material alteration in the clause relating to the granting of permits. Mr Briggs being desirous of keeping his licensed house open after 11 p.m. on New Year's Eve, applied for a permit, which WAS granted by two Justices of the Peace. ^Naturally enough, under the circumstances, Mr. Briggs considered himself safe ; but was surprised when served with a document requiring his attendance at the Police Court to answer a charge of keeping his house open during prohibited hours. We understand other licensed victuallers of this town had applied to Mr. Donaldson, the Stipendiary Magistrate, for permits, but that gentleman holding the opinion that the eves of holidays were not special occasions within the meaning of «he Act, refused the applications. These applicants, finding that their requests had been refused, and a rival member of the trade had been granted a permit, complained of what bore the impress of partial dealing. Enquiries were at once instituted, and it was found that although Mr. Brisks had a permit duly signed by two justices, it was not a valid one, inasmuch - as the new Act specifically . - - lays it down that no permit shall be granted within the boundaries of corporate towns unless one of the signators is either the Stipendiary Magistrate or the Mayor of the town. As neither of these dignitaries had attached their signatures to Mr. Briggs' permit, proceedings were instituted, and a fine enforced. We have nothing to say against the decision of the Bench, for 110 other issue could possibly follow. We cannot, however, deprecate too strongly the feelings which prompted the informers. Mr. Briggs has suffered, not that he wilfully broke' the law ; but because through ignorance of the clauses and provisions of the new Act he failed to observe a most important particular of one of the clauses, and was the victim of envious feeling on the part of other members of the fraternity. Tlic se<-o:i l session of the ninth Parliament of Smith Australia, which was a session of a special nature, was opened on Thursday aftcrnoi.fli by His Excellency the Governor. I11 accordance with a proclamation a meeting of both houses of the legislature took place at 2 o'clock, and a brief space afterwards His Excellency. acconipanicd by Colonel Powncs, Major Ferguson, and Mr. J. Jcrvois (Private Senctary) arrived at Parliament House, and w.is as usual saluted by a guard of honor. Afier His Excellency had taken his scat in the Legislative Council the members of the Assembly were summoned, aud the opening address—a remarkably pointed and brief one—was read. The only business done in the Council during the afternoon was the election of a conimitee to dj-aw up an address in reply. The Assembly, however, had a more important duty to perform, viz. tlie election <.f Speaker to fill the vacancy caused by tlic deatli of the late Sir George Kingston. aud, as was anticipated. 11. D. j lloss, Esq.. the senior member for Wallaroo, I was unanimously elected. Mr. Ross* claims to the vacant chair were unquestionable, aud we can only feel deeply gratified that such an excellent successor to the late fir George J has lieen found. We extend our hearty con- I gratulatioiis to ihc Speaker clcct, aud wish j iiiin a lengthened, brilliant, and successful j career in his new position. Congratulatory ! speeches of undeniably good quality 1 were made bv Messrs. Colton and Clyde, the Treasurer, and Mr. Bray. Mr. Fowler in i moving the address in reply, spoke ably on the special question Parliament had been called together to discuss, and effectually broke down all parts , of the Opposition. ,. On Wednesday the debate was resumed, and | several good speeches were made, notably those of tlic Treasurer, and 3li'. rar.-ons. ^ ^ ^ Fo„ nostica t iolls re the constituti on „faspcet ofthe question, have "gave a: glee." And the action of the delegates to j the Intercolonial Conference—Messrs. Ma nit. | and Forster, have been sanction by l'arlia- I ment. and the agreement ratilied. We shall ( have occasion to refer to this matter again j next week. I During » ihc --— week — : ending Saturday; . > Dec. 1 - R, = TBC 1OTAL 'L^NTITY of flour exported WAS 1,U7 tons: wheat, 77 ; 49l bushels; bran and ' ]1;ml <S(J ! 1 The returns of : the staple produce of the colony during the week ending Saturday, December 2o. give a total value of £224,319. 77/r Adelaide Punch Almanac for 1881 is ! to hand, and is a capitally conceived amin ? e- ment of illustrations and letter-press. The Almanac contaius 22 pages, and is profusely illusti-ated with clcvcrly- executed cartoons. There are three colored pictures by Mr. A. Carrington, the well-known and popular Mrlbovrtu- J'vneh artist—'-Time Lights a Fresh Cigar, " Exhibition Time." and "Through the Camera," each of which is highly and artistically finished. "Time Lights a Fresh Cigar " is ]*erhaps the best of the thro;, although " Exhibition Time " has great merit, and is highly amusing. The likenesses of public characters in this sheet arc really excellent—those of Major Moorhouse. Hon. W. J. Clark, and Sir Samuel Wilson being undeniably truthful. Of the letterpress wc can only say that it is rich, nicy, and amusing. The Lardy-Da papers arc clever, and aristocratic ail's will delight a large circle of readers. Wc have 110 doubt that, the enterprise of the proprietors of Ptnu-h will meet with appreciation and cause an extensive sale of the Almanac to l)e effected. Wc have to acknowledge receipt of Fmrrxon's Wrrlly, containing a likeness of M. Kingsborough, Esq., the energetic and sue- <*'*ful floater of tramway companies. To Ki.igsWoughV energy is due the intro- . ductiou of tin? svstem mto the cbief city ol iKls Ccntral Australian Colony. The /Ww-, trnteH si sectam,, ^ ^ " ^ ^ t m e n t - j s aKo ] to hand, the illustrations in which are i beatifullv finished. The Masonic organ of j this colony—The Jtmif/Ji Axhlar—has also \ reached us! and is one'of the best numbers | we have yet seen. Freemasons will be t pleased with "The Whole Duty of au j Obelisk," and The Perfect. Mason." There | are several items of Masonic news fiom different parts of the province. On Monday night next, residents may fairly expect a grand treat. Professor Pepper the jwpular and well-known pyrotechnist, will visit us with bis "phantom show." Pepper's Ghost is a notoriety, and the spectre will make its first appearance at the Institute Hall, on Monday night next. 10th inst. Judging from the expressions of all classes of journals in this and neighboring colonies, the IVofessor's lectures and exhibition is \- ofic of the best things out.' 1 111 tlic show fjfisjiiCKs — <»pibitfjiig ihe instinctive and cutjjrt.ajuing elements in a pip.st remarkable degree.. TJie I'fpfess^ir fc .snpportefl by a slKH>g and efficient cnpipany. aluong others Madame Cavjitcr and her tajleutcd son. Wje hope the public will accord t&e; Ppofjessor a _ t downright hearty weteom* and bumper | TOun„ imm ciltr;ifrca nt tlie p or( Ai inista lireweiy. was working in the yard of that establishment yesterday when hc reecived a sunstroke. We are ijl^^d to C:dtcrs carebel ; ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ h P ro - 0 TiiC 1!cv ^ m^^onahnvjji? re- ijmcd the ; rtep he has taken, and his removal will cause a vxcaucy uot easily filled. Especially will his presence be missM^rom the Literary Socie t - v meetings. The Ke*erend gentleman has takeu great interest ill the proceedings of ttiis society, and we uuderetnna t>pnie peaceful references were made by Mr.-Burgovne and other members to Mr. Richmond's usefullness catholicity of feeling and urbanity. AVc wish tie reverend gentleman the best of success, health, and happiness, and a useful career in his next parish. At the Police Court this afternoon. William Christiplier Phillips, licensed waterman, was charged with resisting Police Constable S. O. Hughes in the execution of liis duty The information was -withdrawn after a number of witnesses had been examined. Frederick Adams was charged with disturbing I'olicc Constable Hughes in the execution of his duty on the preceedinsr night. Defendant pleaded not guilty. Evidence haviug been taken pro and eon the information was dismissed. Mr. Wiglcy defended Phillips and Adams. Mr. Donaldson, S.M.. presided. Mr. James Cummius, of Orroroo, has taken the well-kuowu Wilmington Hotel so long and successfully kept by Mr. J. G. Gibson. Messrs. Banbury & Johns acting as valuers. We are also in formed that Mr. Stewart Drought has succeeded Mr .Hamlyn, in Moran's Hotel, at Melrose, Messrs. Johns & Bleechmore valuing. ARK ABA RAINFALL SINCE ISGFI.—Mr. G. I'erkins of Arkaba, has courteously handed us the following pluvial statistics, which will undoubtedly prove interesting to sjmc of our readers:—1807, 12'505 inches; 1 S(iS. 8"()ir>: lsi;i», !HU5: 1870, 20-2T>r,: 1871, 171110; 1872. 24"780: 1873, 17-0*0 ; 1874, 10-780: 1 N7.->. 12-395: 187fi, S-7<X>: 1S77 9-980 ; J 878, 18'430; 1879, 12-915 : 1880, C'COO. Average for 14 ycajs inches. According to the St. Jfniim\i 'Gazette, "in a lately published book, written by l'earj Admiral Werner, of the German navy, a I strange story is told of the way in which many years ago, in 183*;, a French m.ni-ofu-.ir went down with all hands on board in West Indian waters. The ship had been in commission for two years on the Antilles station, and during the whole of the timelier captain, who is described as an Incarnation of craelly. had exercised his ingenuity in tormenting in every possible way both the officers and men of his crew. So well had he succeeded that the lives of all ou board had been rendered a burden to them, while the captain himself was hated with an intensity of which proof was soon to he given. Orders at length came for the ship to return home. Not long after the anchor had been weighed it l>ccame evident that a heavy squall was coming down on the ship, and the captain directed the officer of the watch to shorten sail. The orders were given, but not a man moved. Again the orders were repeated, this time by the captain himself ; but still not a man moved. 'This mutiny,' cried the captain; and then a hundred voices answered, 'We will not shorten sail,' In vain the terrified captain appealed to the officers to support him. They stood silent, and neither threats nor promises availed to make man or officer move, save only a few who were noted as spies aud favorites of the captain. A few minutes more and the squall struck the ship In a moment the vessel was thrown on her btaiu-ends. ' Cut away the masts!' shouted the captain ; but still not a man moved. Iu another minute, however, the rigging carried away, the masts went by the board, and thus relieved, the ship righted herself. Then the long-suppressed r.ige of the crew broke forth, and.' rushing aft they seized the captain. A few minutes more aud he would have followed the rigging, but the first lieutenant going below, opened the door of the magazine anil lircd his pistol into it. There was a loud report, and the ship was no more. An hour afterwards an American vessel passing over the spot picked up one of the crew, who told the stoiy of what had happcued, and died shortly afterwards. A11 unusual sight may be witnessed at Port Augusta West some time to-day or to-morrow, in the starting of five teams of camels—eight in each—for Wirraminna, with stoi cs. Arc. Mr. F. C. llobcrts is in charge and he cxpccts to make the return trip in five weeks. Winamiuua is about IGu miles from PortAugus'a ; liiij longest stage without water will be 70 miles. There are five extra, camels with tlic tc im for the drivers. 