THE ESSAYIST. SUSPENSE. " And, In a word, but even now worth this: And now worth—Nothing.—Bhakbpiaes. There ia no tortnre more prostrating, and no anguish more corroding, than that of suspense. To petty worries we can become gradually acclimatised, bat when combined with suspense they tear life oat of us. " The state of man, like to a little kingdom, suffers then the nature of an insurrection." Vainly, by an effort of will, we seek distrac tion, the tormenting fiend recnra with a per sistent vitality. We think " would it were over: give me the truth and let me die; give me at once to know the worst." So we are told that criminals, under sentence of death, when informed that there no longer exists the faintest chance of reprieve, but that execution at early morn is fixed and in evitable, turn into bed and Bleep soundly. " To be wont, The lowest and most dejected thing of Fortune, Stands still In Bsperance, lives not in tear, The lamentable change li from the best, The wont returns to laughter. Weloome, then, The unsubstantial air that I embrace The wretch that thon hast blown unto the wont Owes nothing to thy blasts." But, just as Edgar has planted this coubo : lation in his soul, he meets his father, blind, aB well as poor. Then his thought is " 0, Gods, who is it can say * I am at the worst' I'm worse than e'er I was. And worse kI may be yet" " The worst is not Bo long as we can tay' This is the wont'" Any escape from suspense, and her child, anxiety. " There is a very life in our despair. Vitality of poison . . Life can suit Itself to sorrow's most detested fruit, Like Dead Sea apples," &c.; Byron continues " The heart can break, yet brokenly live on." Picture Cromtfell dying of anxiety, after years of victory and sustained labour. He knew the fanaticism he had adopted, or rather copied, by which he felt himself secretly outlawed—knew that cavaliers deemed " kill ing no murder," provided his life were taken— that perverted religious sentiment, by which be had himself profited, bent steadily againBt him in every malignant" heart, ana wai never suffered to die tor lack of nutriment Anxiety banished sleep from his carefully concealed night-couch: and each morning dawned on feverous hurry and assumed banter. How welcome muBt have seemed the ague and the chaplain, whose impending tedious homily he so adroitly evaded. Not a few crimes are (and perhaps will be) committed in order to procure a short respite from the agonies of suspense. A man dreads the detection of a breach of truBt: so he em bezzles, and speculates with the moneys of his employers, to recover the deed on which he has raised money, trusting to be enabled by good fortune to recoup the cash taken. Or, agonised by tbreateof disreputable disclosures by others, and feeling that over him hangs the sword of Damocles, be will even connive at murder, and lull his conscience with the words ' self-defence." I Buspect that many forgeries might be traced to this cause, and perhaps still a greater number of suicides. The fatal fascinations of gambling, in what soever form; the unscrupulous conduct into which natures once honourable can be be trayed : the agony that grasps the heart of every gamester, and even of many a judicious and cautions speculator \ the ferocity th&t; lutka in the pulses of the gambles dormant beneath a courteous exterior, bat ready at a moment's notice to spring, tiger-like, into actionall attest the agonising desperation of suspense, the insane eagerness that prompts the clntching at the lightest straw, to sett the chance of even a transient relief from its unbearable torture. Women can and do bear known and abso lute calamities far better than men. To know, at once, the worst, seems to inspire them with strength. But they cannot bear suspense. Under its harrow they vnU pester you with question upon question, indiscreet, annoying, and not always quite fair—nay, if Fielding, Jane Austen, Maria Edgewortb, Wilkis Collins, and some dramatists be trustworthy, they, under its pressure, .do not scruple to open letters, to tamper with ser vants, to lurk and listen behind doors, nay, to hide behind a chimney-hoard-^anythiog to assuage this raging fever. In mild, neutral, or harmless forms, this instance of theirs 'is commonly celled curiosity; and the general opinion of its prevalence strongly sunsets their inability to endure the elightest doubt or suspense, even concerning matters of no moment. Wherefore, 0 Telemaohus, if then hast lost heavily on Cup day, eornple not hesitate not to tell thy fall extent of fosses to toy Eucharis. She wUl-bear it like n—lik« a woman, that is, better than thon. And, if thou triest to keep it dark, be well assured she will find it out. If thou thinkeat otherwise, thou wilt make me think thee leas wise than 1 did, and wish. CuriouB are the efforts sometimes made by strong minds to escape the tortures of suspense. A criminal was sentenced by a dig nified judge. His pals tried to buoy him with hopes of commutation. 1' All rot. Bill," was the reply: " no hope. none. The judge and the I sheriff ,and all on em, were so (sanguineously) purlite." He must have been a close observer I thus to connect composure with firmness and refinement with inflexibility. ' In the hour of Bupense sleep is often' banished, and its absence, telling upon the nerveB, suggests to the observant domestic eye the presence of anxiety. ' " Make me acquainted with your cause of grief," are the words of Portia to Brutus in the garden scene. She continues :— " Ton bare some such offence within your mind Which I ought to know of. " Here hare been Some six or seven who did hide their faces Even from the darkness." (N.B.—She must have pried.) I have been informed by religious per sons that never is the consoling and sus taining power of (private) prayer more deeply appreciated than in the hour of suspense. The phantomB of the maddening brain Submit to tby control, Oh I Chase from henoe th' unholy train, And yield to peace my eoul. The mind seems to grow with prayer, all doubts as to its efficacy fade away, till at length details are entered into—strength and calm are implored, and an inner voice seems to whisper, " Help is not impossible, perhaps not diBtant." I knew one, now no more, a member of the legal profession, and not un cultvated, very temperatein diet and regimen, who assured me that he had often, in such hours " prayed for help," and that" help had invariably come." If this be true, it ought surely to be capable of generalisation ; and if BuspenBe can make men more practically to experience the power of prayer, its miseries may awhile be borne, for so much desiderated a verification. For, when struck by the bolt of absolute un questionable calamity, we collect ourselves and gird up our whole concentred manhood. Our entire ethical system rises before our { eyes. Pride whispers, " Shall the idle crowd pity?' Self-respect says, " Complaint is for the weak." When Johnson was asked, after the failure of his tragedy " Irene,"" How feel you, sir?' his reply was, "Like the Monu-, ment." So Scott, after the news of the bank ruptcy of Baliantyne, said, " I feel like the Eildon-hills, a little cloudy at top, but firmly fixed and unshaken." But when his son-in law (previous to thiB), had called on him and said that " there were rumonrs," &c.;, Scott lighted another cigar, and laughingly over ruled Lockhart's fears. Next morning, how ever, early before breakfast, Scott's chaise drove into the courtyard at Chiefswood; he bad travelled all night. He—even he—could not endure the tortures of suspense. Yet he manfully breasted the storm. "Time and I, lad," said he to Lockhart, " against them a'. Set a gude heart to a etey brae." Suspense and anxiety often corrode where they are leaBt suspected to exist. Pater familias comeB home, looks as usual, sits to table. No appetite; finds fault with every body and everything: proffered attentions are rewarded by a snub; every request meets with an acerb negative. Has he met with any mishap? No such thing. He iB just from "nnder the Verandah," has made a sanguine but not wholly unwise speculation, and, considerable as may be the probabilities in bis favour, cannot drive away the busy fiendB of suspense. Wait a while, my dear madam; pretend not to see anything, and to-morrow the shares will go up, thou wilt be glorified by a new Bh&wl;, and the cloud turn with radiance its silver lining on thee and on thine. When I was a boy I never could under stand the preachings to "contentment." "Do your duty in that Btate of life to which it has pleased," fcc. But I never could get an answer to my honest query, " What and where it that said state of life? and " What is' call?' " A lifer in a Hano verian regment writheB beneath thematrague or baugette of the tambour-major for ganng upwards too often. He runs away, ana studies astronomy in England. Sir William Herschel died Astronomer Royal, the friend of his Sovereign, and the compeer of the scientists of Europe. To which of these two states of life was he " called ?' If the latter, then your precept of stagnant content is clearly false. If the former, then we should have lost a first-rate astronomer, who bequeathed to England a son worthy of her. and of his name—a son of whom Wheweli said that " to those who knew Sir John Herschel intimately,' his vast science, polished literary tastes, and wide attainments cannot but appear the least and poorest part of him." Yet I am compelled to own that content is a prolonger of life, and enviably happy are its possessors. On the other hand,* I have always maintained that,there is a healthy and an unhealthy discontent Either, if it lead to action, must sometimes pass through the valley of suspense; and even successful ambition find itself less happy in being feared than the lowly in fearing. The slave, a member of the country's peace, Enjoys It; but in gross braia little wots . . _. -■jCWp-t0 r - The watch the Kinglceeps to maintain that peaoe Whose hours the peasant best advantages. What contentment is to the lowly, that security and assnrement are to rulers, landowners, and millionaires. " I will make," says Macbeth, "assurance doubly sure," &o.; The pangs of auspense are in proportion to the magnitude of the stake, ana when that stake is mighty, to suspect is to prevent. Such is, at least, the stern policy that too often omenta itself to the minds of rulers, and that caused the unscrupulous homicide of Pichegra and of the young Duke d'Enghien. "I will not live in fear: the man I hate is as a Dane to me," says John Home's villain. When Waipole said "Every man hss his Srice," he most have seen men under the arrow of auspense. He meant (I am per Beaded) to imply that life has other bribes besides stars, ribbons, garters, or even gold. The man who has refused a peerage will yield to a Gnido, or a Cellini, or to the means of humiliating a foe. Or (greater than all) to the solution of long-racking doubts, to the authoritative establishment of the purity of Hermione, and of the legitimacy of Perdita. What made Johnson treat ghost fables and Scottish second eight with such gravity, approaching to respect? He ownedtjthat though he had some evidence of the life to come, he " liked to have more." Yet,, he "never could advance his curiosity to con viction, and came away only willing to be liera" Was not his a mild form of sus pense? While I write, crowds are thronging to a scene of beauty, talent, and the luxuriance of life, suob us I once joyed to mingfe with when youth's blood danced like beaded bubbles in the foaming wine-oup. Cup day, to me now a peaceful intermission of bustle, giyes tranquil leisure for work that with all ita responsibility is never felt by me as toil. How many hearts are now standing still with suspense, how many lips will soon close with firmness, and eyes become stony with des pair! Limit, O Telemachns, thy bets to gloves. Spread velvet palms and taper fingers across thine own. and insist that, six and a half is too large—that you will buy sixes. Encharis will not be jealous, if thy losses exceed not £10. Honrs of suspense rob life of years. 1 affect not to conceal that 1 write from experience—that " old experience doth attain to something like prophetic Btrain." When some three or four months ago an honoured judge, universally esteemed throughout our colony, was compelled by indisposition to seek an intermission of duties, several around me mournfully doubted whether a long re tirement might not be deemed desirable. I sanguinely offered to bet that the second week in October would see him in good health on the bench, and with intellect unimpaired. I was right all to a day. My grounds were that intellectual labour promotes health, and calms the system; that imagination and fancy exhaust it. That a strong mind, never without intellectual pabulum, free from hypo chondria, and never tolerating fanciful ills, cannot but be free from the tortures of sus pense, and that with October would come bright skies and Bun-warmth. The presence or the absence of suspense turns the Bcaie of life or death; certainly decides which of the two be preferable. " Banish care," says the Bacchanal. No ! Let care keep watch, like a trusty Hylax, that suspense and anxiety never find en trance. Let us so live, that in old age we may feel " The past unsighed for and the future burs." 