BAYENSWOOD. < [PBOX OUB own COBBMPOKUBH^.] July 1. Ravheswood still continues to hold its!ovro as s good' gold-producing district, in spite of the numbers of -man who bave-takeft to the silver lead, saining. Although thtftoprgronnd has been so much-rooted about during the last fen yearsi fresh reefs are still discovered, or old ones, that hare been lost are found again, so the, hail is kept rolling,; .It is' evident that if oar aurifer. ous ground-'shore the water level.in so prolifio, there must bosomething belowit of highvalue. also. ' lOnr.district is literally untouched so far as . the .testing, of the deep ground is con. cerned.' if. we hsd].the,reqnimte capital no doubt many.. of : our, .muudio reefs, like; the General, Grant, for instance, wouldrprove highly remunerative even under , the present system of crushing, huddling, roasting, and grinding.. I am very glad to be able to- announce that there is in a short, time a strong probability of a large amount of oapital •being dsroted to- developing our,mineral,re. sources, aa a Mr. Sightly, a gentleman repre .seating an influential body . of southern capitalists, is now paying Barenswood a visit, and so far is very favourably .impressed with the " show." . Mr. Sightly has examined, almost all onr silver-lead mines, and has formed a goodopinion of them; but as I have said' before ■ in: previoua letters, the only really valuable mine at present is Messrs. Sing, and Birkby'a, .'and naturally, Mr. Sightly thinks the miners open their mouths too wide when they ask'a large cash bonus for a thing that hsa yet to be proved valuable.': Of course these other leases are likely-looking, and it ia quito possible largo bodice of ore may be come upon atanytime Mr. Sightly has informed mo that heis almost sure to do business in some shape or form, be it iu gold or silver. •At the One-mile quite a little township iB. going up. A lemonade factory has been started by Mr. Eraser. Messrs. King and Bitkby have got ail their machinery over from the Old Man, , and <have started sinking a "deep shaft to oat . their lode at a, depth. .. This, X presume, will.be. their engine shaft. . About 25 tona of silver-lead are.turned ont monthly from thia mine, which ie-shipped to Swansea. This does not represent the entire output, as the , seeonds have'to be stacked'for local treatment when the. neoeBsary furnaces ehall" be erected. So other silver mines have as yet exported any ore, bnt it is expected one or two small lots from other leases will be sent away shortly. At the Eight-mile, on the TownsviUe Road, there are seven or eight different parties at work, mostly on rather small veins, hut all of them are very promising This piece" af country was held by Sing and Birkby, and applied for under the Mineral Lands Act, bnt was never granted by Governmbnt. I think they, applied for 40 aorea in the first instanoe. The lode they were working was very small, and, I think, hardly payable. When they got on to the magnificent lode on the One-mila, the Eight-mile selection appears to have been left to its fate; but now that, several parties of miners have gone into it, and are endeavouring to furthor develop the numerous rich lolea of silver- lead 'with wbioh ■ this land ia in tersocted, lo and bobold! Messrs. Sing and Birkby .object to anybody removing any mine rals from their ground. Don't you think, Mr. Editor, 40 aores ou the One-mile, in the heart of the gold-field, ought to ho Buifioient for* these silver kings ? They are not the prospoo tors of the Ono-mile lode,: but have already been favoured by the Government iu getting a grant of their land under the Mineral Lands Aot, whilst everybody else has got to take hp ground under leaso under the Uoldfields Aot. Messrs. Sing and Birkby'a warning, however, has fallen ou heedless ears, and the miners are going on working-just as if there wasn't something dreadful likely to happen to them. It is astonishing how cold-blooded and ohoeky some miners are when they are armed with a miners' right, and wont to fossiok on Crown lands;' For.'.;tfo»e';; time.;'paat^our divisional "Board worksacid. baVg been'engaged; Wtog:V a new road from -Bavenswobd, whioh ia to " meat the Towers railway at or: near; Cunningham's Waterholos. This will abolish the -traffic via the range along the Townsville road aaVfar aa the Reid. WhenMr. Macrossan wee herefor one night a low weeks ago, ho was spoken to on the question of a branch linsof, rail way from Cunningham's Waterholoa to . Eavena wood, bat be held oulnoenconrageEDenfcwhat ever. I suppeso these branch lines in' the settled distriotg, have got to Bi3o*~their~3fmin iahed heads before' such magnificent nndortak inge as the Transcontinental: En - passant, permit me to state that I, and al1 with whom I - come In contract, are thoroughly "en rapport with the Week's political articles. , I don't mention this in. any.;toadyistio (is:-thero such a word ?) spirit, bat simply to indicafe the tone of thought in the Eavenswood, district. \- Oar local hospital has now been opened some time. Some diffioulty is being experienced .with tho doctor at present, and I believe he, ,ia or ia . to'be suspended. " He is very clever in hia profession, bat—well, the least* said..as to failings the hotter. On the evening of the 29th Tnne,^ the^Good Templars gave their, annual anniversary tea party. Mr. G. Jackson occupied. thacbairaffcer tea, and Mr. Hill, P.M , presided at thenar moainm, and had charge of the choristers of* the Juvenile Temple. Mr. Jackson 'spoke of tho gigantic proportions" the liquor traffic* was assuming in almost all dvifed coun tries, .and gave the figures showing th» expenditure in intoxicating drinks ■ during.. the past four years in Great Britain, and said that last year two millions sterling' was spent in drink in Ireland more than the whole of Irish land rental, the latter amounting to about £11.000,090, : whilst £13,000,000 was spent in drink. Mr. Jackson showed how'there was an immense -waste-of -wealth, caused-indirectly through the liquor .traffic, and. said .it, was estimated to.be nearly equal' to ,the: direct - expenditure; The proper remedy, to f lessen drinking was to restrain the issue of public- - house licences, and the chairman advocated the . prihciple of giving the "ratepayers,^ amTrToVtho magistrates, control over them.: After,numer ous songs, &c.; f the Boy Mr. Edwards brought . a vory enjoyable tea meeting to a close by giving a powerfal and soul*stimi)g addresB on the evils of intemperance. "* • Dhtil Chat king nr Africa.—According to native belief, the devil is > peculiarly amenably to . the charms of the drnm, ; Whenever- any one is ill, and consequently supposed--to te possessed of the evil one, hie:is treated to ah engomma, or drumming. Whea -the* devil, captivated by the so- called music, has his usual . 'catenesTdulled,* be Is enticed "By a -medicine mau into sBtool, or some other> artide^ready for his recaption.. He is- then carried about from placo to place tothe sound of his favourite instrument till , he is .so oompletely bewildered that he is unable to find out his former victim, . and consequently decamps in disgust.—Good Words." • The Sandhurst (Victoria) gold yield for thai ' past six months ia 85,000 bzs, paying £136,743 in dividends, which is an increase over thecor responding. period of last year of 5,250 ozs. The increase in the amount pud in dividd^a is £47,370.' . A Victorian contemporary says, " It is gene rally, believed that the i times.. are "Injpiby; iog. An evidence of the truth of this iathe fact that^in- thisdiatrict.-{Camperdowoj a number of marriages have recently taken place, and several more, are on , the topis." ■ Well done," Camperdowh! • J •> 4 Hauqhtt- culture-ism.'—Lady: VWish to leave, FarkinB ? But you only came yesterday \\* Parkins: 'Tea, inarm. Hin engaging, I thought you was spaml grass gentry ^i-hut-7 when I hears from the cook last night that yon eata pertatera, oabbige, carrot^' and steh ilka . aecond-claBS vegetables, I see there ain't nothick' hesthetic in it, and I resigns my staff of horfice, so to speak.' - 1 r • iv Kwnwa nta Wbiqh(t) to a Foot-^kaw?— (Mother seeking a situation as.footman further raw-boned sou) Lady: 'Does he know bow to wait at table ?' Mother : 1 Yes, ' ma'am.' .Lady : '.Decs he know hia way to announce V Mothor: * Well, ma'am I ion't know, that he does to ah ounce, but he does to a pound!or two." . i Thb Ghost Lure.—4 It is an ill wind -whioh blows nobody any. good' .. It. seems that the pilgrimage to Knock Chapslj County Mayo,has revived in full, vigour, and that to th'ia cause the Irish Midland Rtilway Company are. in debted for their last dividend. No wonder the shareholders do not rail against the apparitions, and this, accounts for the statement.that the chances of that branch line succeeding were 'visionary.' A thief conceived the idea one day to. take down a clock ia one of the apartments of Louis XIV. At.the moment he was doiug-tho doed - tho king entered; the lhicf,"without loring his presence of mind, said,' I fear very much that the ladder may slip.' The king, persuaded, that he could only be somoone.of the. house hold who was talcing down the clock for' some repairs, held the foot of tho ladder for Year* of an accident. Some hours afterwards thoy complained to the monarch that a clock . had been removed from ono of tho apartments, they knew neither by yhom cor how. 1 Fay nothing about it,' said the king; 'I am'the accomplice of tho thief, fjr if was I who Held the ladder while he was removing it.' 