GHOST-SEEING AND SPEAKING. We have examples 'of ghot.hearing, of ghosts that present no visible image, but ad dress themselres to the ear alone." Captain Rogers, commander of a ship called The Society, bound to Virginia in 1664, while asleep in his cabin dreamed that some one pulled him by the arm, calling to him to get up andlook sot for the safety ota-.ho shlp. I e was awakened by the dream, but paid no heed to the summons, and went to sleep again, when the warning was repeated. This happened several times, till at last, though aware of no danger, he turned out and went on deck. The wind was fair; a sounding taken a short" time previous had shown a hundred fathoms. There seemed to be no ground for alarm, and he was about to turn in again when a voice from an invisible speaker said to him :" Heave the lead I" It was done, and eleven fathoms reported. " Heavealn I" said the voice. Now it was seven fathoms. The captain immediately gave the order : "'Bout ship I" and by the time the order was executed the sounding was only four fathoms. Evidently the ship, on her former tack, would have soon run aground. Robert Dale Owen has recorded an amazing story of the rescue of a wrecked vessel off the Ilanks of Newfoundland by means of a timely apparition. In lS-S, the mate of a barque in that latitude, sitting in his state-room working out his observations for the day, espies in the cabin some one whom he supposes to be the captain, writing on a slate. Going nearer, he discovers that it is not the captain nor any member of the barque's company. The captain is called, but the stranger has vanished. They ex amine the slate; on it is written, " Steer to the nor'west." The wind permitting, curi ous to know what would come of it, they lay their course in that direction, ordering a sharp lkookt from themasthead. Iuashort time they come upon a vessel fast bound in ice, threatened with destruction; crew, oflicers, and passengers nearly famished, These are take off by the barque, and in one of the passengers is seen the prototype of the writer on the slate, who had been lying in a profound sleep at the time when the stranger appeared in the cabin of the biar?l Thieveisfle dwhat Sir John `dLib boek says: that in dreaming the spirit seems to leave the body. The peculiarity in this o case, supposing. thounarrative anthenticais the want of a previous connection, and attrac tion arising therefrom, between the ghostly to visitor and the mate of the barque. The case is as hard to classify as it is difficult of belief. The strongest argument for its authenticity is precisely its uniqueness in the annals of spectrology. It is simply too strange for fiction. A careful study of the a records of apparitions will show, I think, that such visitations most often occur in the hours of daylight, and not, according to pop. E ar asperaettion, at dead of night. Aild what is very important-the east anthenti. cated cases are those of living persons, or persons in articulo mortis, or recently de parted, and not of persons long deceased. . . . Apparitions of the living, on temr h porary leave of absence from their bodies, present, if not a more credible, a more sc ceptable phenomenon. That the soul of a Sliving person possesses this power of dis engaging itself for a time from the fleshly a body, and appearing at a distance by means T of the more ethereal body which is proper to it, and a semblance of appeal with which T it invests itself, is confidently assumed by 'f preoamatotogista. The theory of these 0 psychical outings explains the supposed fact I of spectral apparitions, and was evidently framed for the purpose. Deep mutual sympathy between two widely separated in dividnals may, it is believed, bring this faculty into play when one of the parties in A sore distress craves the other's presence and aid. Captain' Meadows Taylor: relates a vision which he had in India of a dearly be- I loved English lady whom he had hoped some time to call his wife: " One evening I was at the village of. Dewar Kudes, after a long afternoon and evening'march froit Kuktul a I lay down very weary; but the barking of village dogs, the baying of jackals, and over fatigue and heat, prevented sleep. I was wide awake and restless.' Suddenly, for my f tent-door was wide open, I saw the face and figure so familiar tO me, but looking older, ah nd with a sad and troubled expression.. The d dress was white and seemed covered with a d profusion of lace, and glistened in the bright moonlight. The arms were stretched out, I and a low, plaintive cry, 'Do not let me rgel do'not let me guo' reached me.' I Sspran forward, but the figure receded, grow ing fainter and fainter, till could see it no longer; but the low, sad tones still sounded . I wrote to my father. I wished to know whether there was any hope for me. g He wrote back to me these words :-' Too late, my dear son; on the very day of the is vision you describe to me, - was mar l ried.'" Of this actia in distaus, Schopen a huoer claims that the intervening space be y tween the agent and the object, whether full r- or void, has no influence whatever on the y action; it is all one whether that space be e the distance of an inch or of a billion Uranus d orbits. He supposes a nexus of beings which rest on a very different order-deeper, more in original and immediate than that which had the laws of space, time, and causalty for its , basis; an order in which the first and most universal, because merely formal, laws of 5\. nature are no longer valid; in which time n and space no longer separate individuals, and y by which, accordingly, the individualisation s and isolation wro*rlht by those forms no lon ger oppose Impasnole- ounds- to-tce com i munication of thought and the immediate influence of the will.-From " Ghost-?iin?g," e- by Proferor F. II. l-edge, it tcNorthl Amt it rican Reienw for September. 