Tollbar Creek. [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] Dissolving Views.— On Saturday even- ing, the 22nd ultimo, an exhibition of dissolving views was given in the school room by Mr. E. Grant. The spectators, amongst whom were the most influen- tial persons in tho district, numbered about 76. Mr. Grant's exhibition is undoubtedly one of the finest travelling shows in tho colony. His slides aro of the newest description, and admirably suited for furnishing a supply of nniuso inuut combined with historical instruc tion. The series of slides, illustrating the jotimoyiiigs of the children of Israel through the wilderness, is especially worthy of mention. On the whole, it is one of the most pleasing panoramas ever it has been my lot to behold. The Elections.— The elections are causing littlo or no stir in this neigh bourhood. Everybody, of course, sur lniscs little matters in connection there with, but, nut having a decided intorest about the return, a spirit of indifference prevails. Potatoes.— A splendid sample of potatoes is being exhibited by Mr. John Cridge, of Goodwin's Brook. What is BEING SAID.—That the late rains have saved the district from a drought.— That measurements of land areas during liiirvostmg should bo douo by competent and accurate hands.— That the ghost yarn promulgator will have mi ascendancy oro long. — Thai tho enquirer for a particular ' fiign ' will be accommodated bymakinganoMiGr request.— That tlio most industrious lot of men on Maiiaro aro to be discovered at the Tollbar.— That sheep losses are prevalent. — That a branch of the Cooma Hospital (under local supervision) would be a been to the residents of Tollbar.— That the municipal warfare is indigen- ous to the soil. That the last "holding forth ' ought to be chronicled in gilt lelkTN for the edification of future generations. That the services of a medico aro urgently required in this lociility. — That a sick pretence in a daily howl. — That the dissolving viows were sufficiently grimd to compoHsnto tho ' parters of two bob' for their trouble in attending. — That nggrandiseinent is tho sole aim and object of some people. —That etiquette is not over advocated by the residents of the bush. — That the Good Templars thaugo of mooting house is desirable and appropriate. — That tho co-operative flour mill will be worked on principle. — That struggling would be a suitable name for selecting. — That the nail-can heroine is looking ' most tarnation squiffey.' — That tho woman with tho iilbe-yum is a renowned city scholar. -That Mr. W. G. Lloyd still retains his good name for the ox cellenco of his threshing.— That tho graso is vory scarco, consequently cattle are in low condition. — That the fracas tho other night was a most pitiable ex hibition. — Tlmtcuriosity and familiarity are hotbeds ; so beware, monsieur. 2nd February, 1881. 