The Minories Hall. THERE was a large audience at the Minories Hall last night week to listen to Professor Pepper's interesting lecture, and especially to have a peep at the ghosts. The first part of the entertain- ment was devoted to the display of some beauti- ful dioramic views of statuary, which embraced many of the most admired works of ancient and modern sculptors. Conspicuous amongst these works of art were the statues of "Night and Morning" after Canova, the fine group of Una and the lion, a graceful Venus, and the grand work of art known as the "Laocoon," every muscle in the struggling victims writhing in the serpent's folds being faithfully chiselled by the sculptor. The " Mag- dalen " and " The Saviour, with angels minister- ing to him," were also fine works of art. The whole of the views of the statuary were greatly applauded, and they were followed by the long- expected spectral visitants known as " Pepper's Ghosts." The figures presented in these illu- sions must be seen in order to be appre- ciated, and if enthusiastic applause is any criterion of public approval, the professor received it. The beautiful mythological story of "Pygmalion and Galatea" was a charm- ing picture, the marble statue waking to life at the invocation of the artist to the goddess of love, and the final scene, wherein Galatea is again changed to marble at her own prayer, were faithfully rendered and much admired. The second part of the lecture was devoted to illus- trations of torpedo warfare, which we have pre- viously described, and concluded with "Ban- quo's Ghost," which was a startling production. Professor Pepper's entertainment was crowded on Saturday night, and the startling nature of the ghost's appearance and mysterious disappear- ance formed a subject of great wonderment amongst the audience. The fine views of Afghan- istan and scenes from the late war were most realistically produced. The séance of ghosts was again crowded last Monday night, and the audience were evidently delighted with the startling effects pro- duced, and the " Haunted Barber" caused roars of laughter. The groups of beautiful statuary were brought out very clearly on the screen, and many of the representations appeared to be the actual marble statues owing to the great magni- fying power of the instrument used. Being photographs of the statuary, they give persons an opportunity of beholding some of the finest works of the sculptor as they appear in the art galleries of Europe. The professor's entertainment has been well patronised during the remaining evenings of the week. To-night is announced as the last night, and a special ghost matinée is to take place this afternoon. ————————— A CORRESPONDENT informs us that on the occa- sion of the removal of Mr. Okeden, police-magis- trate, from Charleville to Gayndah, a number of the residents of the former town waited upon him, with Mr. Thomas Skinner at their head and presented him with an address of a charac- ter most complimentary to him both as a magistrate and personal friend of the signatories. The address was signed by all the adult male householders of the township, with four excep- tions absent on business, and three of these would have signed had they been at home. Mr. Okeden was also presented with a splendid cricket bat, by Feltham, on the back of which is a silver plate on which is engraved :—" To W. E. Parry Okeden, Esq., P.M., a souvenir from the Charleville Cricket Club." It has not yet been decided what form the chief memorial to Mr. Okeden shall take, but upwards of £50 has been subscribed by the townspeople. 