Figaro. ' Here, there, and everywhere." £l. correspondent, signing - uui Bono," asks of Figaro the following questions " Was the opera of " Oberon " pro duced before the late Mr. Lyster came to the colony r " When was it first produced 7 Where ? and who played in it." Answering the question categori cally, Figaro replies, the opera of "Oberon" was not produced prior to the late Mr, Lyster's arrival in this colony. It was .first played in Aus tralia at the Theatre Royal, Melbourne, under the sole . direction of the late Mr. William Saurin Lyster on Boxing Night, December 26th, 1865. _ The ladies and gentlemen engaged in its presentation were cast for the parts as follows : — Mr Henry Squires ' : Sir JEluon de Bordeaux. . i Mr Fred. Lyster Shcrismin Mr Baker... .........iATaroMK. Alrasehid Mr Kitts.. ..Prince Babehan I Mr Ramsden... Almanzor Mr Levison Abdallah l Madame Ada Ring Rosham . Miss Georgia Hodsori Fatima Madame Lucy Escott Reiza I Mr Armes E. Beaumont Oberon' Miss Angus. FTitanid Madame Rosalie Durand ..Puck ) Miss Emma Neville...' ......Mernidid Mr George-Loder was the conduc tor, Mr John Hall, leader ; Mr W. I Lloyd, stage manager ; and Messrs John Hennings and Freyberger, scenic ' artists. The prices of admission I on that season was Dress Circle, 5s ; Stalls, 3s. ; Upper Circle, 2s, ; Pit, Is,; ' and Gallery, 6d. » ) . ' i . Latest advices state that Herr Bandmann made his first appearance 1 at the Theatre Royal, Christchurch, i on the 2nd of March, inst. as Hamlet, 'Mr Walter Reynolds was the Laertes. 1 who also took the part of First Player; i \Claudius, Mr J. F. Cathcart, who also took the role ef Ghost ; Pelonius, Mr 1 )j, H. ' Nunn, who also played the I First Gravedigger; Osric, Miss Grace Hathaway, (Mrs Reynolds) who also > took the Player Quern. Several i 'others also took double parts, and managed to get through tolerably 1 well." This is rather rough on the 'artists and certainly a novelty for the New Zealand lovers of Shakespeare. ) Mr Phil Kirby seems to be again at the fore, as Figaro notices by his flies that Mr Robert McVTade and company , were playing " Rip Tan Winkle " at Portland Oregon, under his manage- 1 raent. ( . - ' Mr Amory Sullivan, son of the cele brated tragedian Barry Sullivan, is now and has been for some time past , manager of the Standard Theatre, San Francisco. After a satisfactorily 1 financial season he had determined to , take the company on an interior tour, "but as he writes to & gentleman well 1 known in theatrical circles, "I have, been compelled to give up my in tended burlesque season in the coun- ( try owing to the innumerable obstacles . I have had to encouuter in the whims . of the principal ladies in the company. I One young lady for instance, who is blessed with a, husband who does nothing, wanted the management to < furnish him with a position at a large salary, and also allow fares and hotel ' expensesior. her, child and Jts. ancients nurse. ' >x- "Others" continues Mr Sullivan.1 "who were not married, stipulated for < their mothers, maids or aunts, Ac., and consequently I have been compelled 1 to abandon the scheme. Now all ( this is extremely amusing when it is taken into consideration that the ' majority of these same ladies rarely < knew what is was to receive two con secutive weeks' salary until their pre- 1 sent engagement with me at the , Standard. 