THE DNTECTIVE'S OATl'. ca pt I felt mysell growing pale, and could In make no imarediate answer. rn 'Speak I Jenny and the chihld-how are they both, and havo they bath fought through it all ?' be repeated, with growing disturbance. 'Man alive I why do you turn away?' 'Have you hoard nothing of them?' ti I stammered, stupidly wishing to delay the shock. cl ,How t.n don,:., should I, when I am not two hours out of bolt and bar? it Tell me quickly, M'Ardle! She is not at ill, is she?' No not ill-that's certain. Biut t you'll probably learn something of their fate elsewhere: of Fate! lie echoed, in a broken voice, ni and then suddenly grasped me by the collar and began shaking Inme. 'Tell me what is wrong this instant!' he cried tl hoarsely. 'Do it or I'll throttle you in 1 your tracks.' ai Try to bear up. Pat, I muttered, halding him off and trying to soothe at him. I'd sooner take a stretch in jail in myself than break the news to you. I" Both Jenny and your child are dead, w Pat.' Dead ? he yelled-'dead I dead I' bi 'lhe two last words came out in ei horrified, hewildered gasps, and le he staggered to his feet, back against the t, wall, as white as a ghost. di 'Yes,' I explained hurriedly. I was na out of town the whole winter, and I only learned the particulars a day or w two ago. The gang, in obedience to at the Major's orders first turned her into I the street and then hunted her from i' plhae to place, so that she could not procure employment. And then, while he stood there gasp- al ing and glaring at me, I gave him i the whole sad and hitter story, much as you had it, but more in detail. a Oh, the fiends! the demons Ih e at I last moaned, beginning to wring his hands, but without a tear upon Iis white, hbororwrinkled face. And you, Mb'Ardie-even you did not lift a hand n to es,vre her. By heaven, Haraden I I cried, had I been in thecity, and known your wife was in trouble or in want, I'd have lost my arm at the shoulder-blade sooner b than lot her perish. It was no fault of mine. Oh, it matters not I Words-words are nothing now,' cried the poor, bereaved fellow,' suddenly towering before me, with blazing eyes and cloudy brows, like an avenger of old. Atlnst I am alone- -alone in the world, with every hope every tender feeling, blaatied, They have killed my wife among them, M:,c-my own Jenny, that was all the world to me-and my little child, that was as innocent as the f angles in heaven. Oh' bad they no mercy I Could they not have spared them and let me suffer ? Listen to me, Mac, and what I am about to solemnly I swear before high heaven. I'll have life for life, hunting for hunting, sleuth hiounding for slouth-boundin.g, so miy t the God of jaPtice and of vengeanchelp a me in my bitter need I I swear, by all that is sacred, to live but for one object -to tear thebo mask of mystery from the major's face, and to hunt him off the face of earth I And not him alone, but all them-all, all, all I Not a villian - shall escape, male or female. Every one of the accursed i8dver Gang-overy mother's thief of them-shall feel a thief's power, a thief's vengeance I I constitute myself their Nemesis, to hunt and hound them down for evermore. Haroden fairly shrieked forth those wild, threatening words, after which he staggered into the chair again. breathing so hard and looking so white that I hastened into the adjoining saloon to procure him some refreshment, fearing that he would faint. But when I returned he had partly recovered, and gently but firmly refused the glass of stimulant I proffered him,and the former indulgence in which had not a little to do with his swift decent amid crime and sin. I may conclude my sketch by saying that he has never touched a drop of liquor since, and that he fulfilled the requirement of his terrible oath, wild and fitful as they seemed at the moment of their utterance, to the very loetter. He turned detective, then, and hunted down the members of the gang one by one ?' Yes, or in pairs or groups, replied my narrator. Of course, it was some time, owing to his antecedents, before hie could be entrusted with regular detec tive work. But it was not long before he made himeel' equally admired by the force and feared by the thieves in an auxdiary capacity; and when he was regularly commissioned as a deteo tive, the cold-blooded, patient, relentless and systematic tenacity'and persisteonce with which he began to hunt down, entrap, inviiglo, and pick off the mem bars of that gang, was a caution. 'And the Major?' 'Why, he was tihe fourth or fifth that Harndeu disposed of, by a strange and exciting strateem, an account of which would make a capital sensational story in itself. IIis arrest, unmasking, and expneurs wie one of the newspaper hits ol three years ago, He turned out to hibe a trig gun nitoed Montietb, who, while planning robberies in secret for a long time, hbd been living at the best hotels, which Ipnroaly afforded him ample opportunities for conconting the long series of furplries which he plannnte for hie subordinates to execute. He was sent up for twenty years, ch;oefly upon Harodaon's testimony, and died miserably in prison, of pneooumonia, con. tracted by the quarries, only a shabort Stime ago.' And the two thievoes convicted the othel day whoere, then, the last of those banded criminals ?' 'Yes; Hurnden has only been five years in pursuing thin gang, often at the imminent rick of his life, and numerous and powerlul na they were, not one ...:of'thlom remuane to-day to curse our commIunity. tither deal, fugitive, or within prison will,thlJy harealt disaPpeored, thanks to the piteous event that transformed a thief into an hnnest mali, and brought about teo nmking of the 'Detective's Oath.' Concluded. 