CLOUD & SUNSHINE. CHAPTEE VTI. Night on the sea ! Innumerable stars ahwae in the sky, lambent, bright, and war* reflected in the 'waves. A western wind, sweet as tbe breath of ?spring, had swept over the land and sea, stirring the blue waveB and cresting them with foam. Bat now the stillness of the sea was something1 marvel - ions and beautiful; it was as though the great ?fiark shadow of night brooded over the waters — a stillness broken only by the rushing of the water through the paddle-wheel b of the steamer. Slowly 'the line of lights round tbe ooast disappeared, ana jet last land was ont of Bight; there was nothing jvisitte but the heaving, silvery waters and the ieky above. Lady Caraven Bat on the desk ; the stewardess ?had advised her to go to the ladies cabin, bat she ?declined. Why seek the clone warm cabin while [the stars were shining on the sea 9 The captain |tad brought a comfortable eeat for her; she had -e warai shawl. A faint hope stirred the young Hnf e'B heart ; perhaps, when Lord Caraven saw met there alone, he might oome and talk to her. She saw him once or twioe. Once he asked her 09\. ehe enjoyed the beauty of the night, and her 'Cnsirer was 'Yes'; then, as though he had f ul- £Ued a duty, with an air of relief he walked away. She was left to her thoughts — and they were I strange onee. This waa her wedding-day. .Her husband was {'the tall proud handsome man who avoided that Lpoxtef the boat whore she sat. They were husband V«nd wife, yet they had hi*rdVy exchanged three j-wopds; it was so strao^e that there were times ^when she faaoied it must be a dream. Was thi« t anything like love ? The wind kissed the waves ; ; the stars shone reflected in the water ; and with ; sharp, keen, sweet memory there o&me; to her 1 words sha had read only a few short days b« dfore — ?I hare gone mad — Ilorayou — let me 41a.' y- the words Elaine spoke when her heart first opened to the knowledge of her love. ^ VTae the time for such love as this gone Tt-y f tuad the current ef men's lives been eo completely i changed that love had become a contract — a busi ness arrangement? If so, she wished that Bhe Jiad lived in Tlaine's days. Would to Heaven that *ome faict breath of that old- world love had been lliers — some faint breath of that mighty passion 'that hod worked so ranch evil and eo much ? frood ! She looked across the deck ; her husband — how (?strangely the word Bounded — was leaning over 'the rails, talking to some stranger. The moon chose full on his handsome face, on the fair cluster ling kair. Surely no knight of old was ever more KCCBiely. Did he love her? He most have loved -ier, or he would never have married her. But what manner of love was this ? If ehe icould hut forget all she had read and learn to look »#n love as he evinced it; if Bhe could bat lay i these ghosts that seemed to haunt her — ghosts of [the mightiest passion that ever stirred men's ; hearts; if she could but still the beating heart, : the beating pulse I That waa her husband with '.the clear-cut face and noble head — her husband, i whom that very day she had sworn to love until death. He was smiling at something that his icompaaicn had said, a cold, clear, bright smile — cold and bright as the moonlight. She had a right ;to cross the deck and speak to him if she liked; | ehe had a right to go to him, to lay her hand on l-his arm, to call him by his name. ; If sue did, would a gleam of tenderness flash into the handsome face, or would he turn half ; haughtily away ? Should she go to him and say, ?:* My husband, love me a little. I am yenng, I ;*m lonely and desolate — love me a little. Hold |iny handB in yonrs ; let me stand by your side. Ipo not stay so far from ma !' What was it Elaine Jhad cried? ? Ajcd I mnstdte for want of one bold word.* , Should she let the starlight pass, the witching ttonely night pass, and say nothing to him P Was i this curious silence between them never to be : broken ? What caused it ? What ccratd it mean ? i Should she go to him and ask him why, if he loved jlter, ho -was ashamed to show it — why, if h« did not iJove her, he had married her ? Should she gof She half rose from her seat. Even if she were i imprudent, it would not matter ; the silent stars jeould keep their own secret — they would never ?tell what passed beneath them. : Then she hesitated. If he nhonld turn con jtemptaonsly away ! No, she would not go to him ; lit tros hie place to woo, not hers. II he wanted to :speak to her, he would know where to find her. 'Sbe would be wooed ; she would not lose her jfiignity. She had read somewhere or other that ?men never loved woman who sought them, ' So [I will not seek him,' che said to herself; ' thongh ;i am not a woman yet — I am only a girl— only _--ei°:Jiteen.' It was a. fair troubled wistful face that was bent over the star-lit waters — & face sad with thoughts ?that should have had no place on her wedding-day.. The earl had seen her rise, and came to her. ? Are yon tired i' he asked. 'We shajl not be rvery long now; I oau aee the lights on the French cosot. The night is very fine. Axe yon tired F* ' No, I never tire of the sea,* she replied. * In deed I should like to iive near it.' ' Ravenemere is near the sea,' he told her. * You .-can eee it from the Castle towers.' ' I had forgotten that I was to livo at Barons mere, or I should not have said that,' she re marked quickly. ' I did not know that it- was near ;$h.e sea.' ? Your father has two maps of the estate. Have, you not seen them ?' he asked. She looked fl-thim wonderingly. ? Why should I nee them V she asked. ' Certainly. mot.' rYon do not inherit your father's business. jtaleat6 then,' he said. But he repented of the words almost before they 'were uttered. She did nob understand them or .see the meaning of them. She answered qnirex jsiinply— 'No, I know nothing of business. I can too annch for etndy. I often think it strange that ay fathur and I have not one taste in common.' He thought to himself Hut it was a fortnnate ?thing. Then havasked her if she had over been to Paris before — if she should like tha oentr* of the city— if there was any part thjk$ she prefjBTfed. - f I always stay at the Hotel Memic^ naar tha Tnilsriea/ hs said; 'bat if yon prefar any other l^art ? * So. She had been to Paris only- once — that was Ifcr h«r holidays. Sh« knew nothing of the city. tAnd than the young husband lookeiover the blue ?waters. Ho had shown her due politeness and ?attention. He waa ill at eaae, and longing; to be {away again. Be did not notioe how wistful was afiie fair young faoe turned te him. He bowed apohtelj' and went away. She ebnebad her little hand; she tried ta still ?the bcfttfcttg ef her heart. Her husband — married thai dSy-—y«t tad he no more to say than this ? £The Mtfhte o* thajrraaoh coast were close at hand ; phe ooolet «ren fa tka silence hear the waves ?bresikimg en tha «hore. Amice stood near, with a large eamage-wrap in hex hands. Lady Caraven Wondeted if fair husband would «ome to her, oc if te would allow hay to Jua with the help of Mrvania. He apptoaehed hurriedly. . * We hare tiawto1 refreshments,' be said; * the (train will not sbacefcat twenty minutes.' They went into Ot* refreshment-room, where he lordend-fioap sod via*. He wajs solicitous for her jcomfori, hftwas attentive so her -Hants, but ehe 'noticed that tie spoke to her only when civility jdictatod thai he Mould speak, and that when He idid address her he never looked at her. He too); bi» cmt by her side in the wilray (carriaga. They travelled through the fresh dewy . ought, the pleasant air comimg in at the open ?wiad»WBS. Hsi had. oarefully provided her with ixxfkn aad newspapers — with railway literature. \- * It is quite evident/ she thought, ' Chat he in Ifeadj su to read— b* bu no desire ta talk to Jftey did not «xokangem*nv- words. Sometimes, i iwhea the wind blew he asked her if sha was ohilly. « Ttia aBevbi to clot e the window, bus she would' not t nilow him— 4t was some relief to her to watch the e Uir ekj and th* fate earth. This wms snofi t x . #;r&ege; widdlng-tup. She wondered if the time « v.iulasrw owns that he and she would laugh a ^r^i^-*onld wonder why they ha* both bee* so t Siost, ?© nsecred. Sbe wosderei m thormnd a iiK'bigs. TsVul4h« husband «ver l»nrfia«d *alk t ? ''. f\y. MA&j; to her, as fee had done to the « ^izaikffudeckf Would h« la Hmtl^tiM*. t his reserve, his coldness? Would he ever look pleased or bright? How strange that he ehoulfl be so grave, so still ^^-that he had not even one kind word to say to her on this their wedding-day I How strange that he paid her no compliment, never asked her opisiox on any subject, never treated her other wise than with the oonrteBy due to a stranger. She was obliged -continually to remind herself that he had asked her to be his wife. He mast have eared for her, or he would not have married her. He was not a demonstrative man perhaps. Then ehe turned slowly from the sky to the handsome high-bred face near her. He was read ing intently, never looking np from his book. It was not the face of a co.'d-hearted cynic — far from it. Then her eyes wandered slowly away again. The lprely dawn was flushing in the skies, tbe birds were singing, the air seemed to stir with new life— it waa the dawn of another day. How often would the sun rise and set before she -would understand this strange silence of the husband by her «ido— Jkow many weary dawns would there b-P Suddenly— she could not tell why — her eyes filled with tears. The sky, the trees, the distant hills, were all blurred and indistinct. She ex perienced a keen cense of desolation that no words could express. She would have given anything to be back with her father again. ? Paris at last I* eaid Lord Caraven. * What a long journey it has been ! I am always longing for some motive power greater than steam — I should like to travel more quickly.* But she had no laughing answer. It had struck her that «io husband ought to find his first journev with hia wife long or tiresome. Again the sweet wild words of Etaiee came to her — ' I have gone mad— I love yon— let me die.' There was neither love nor madness here. _ Paris at last — Paris in the gay morning eun light. They drove straight to the hotel; and then, for tbe-first time, it eeemed to her, he spoke kindly. He said — ? Yom look very tired — I should advise you to get some rest. I always find a cigar and the morning air most refreshing- after a journey.' Half an hour afterwards she stood alone in her room. She looted at herself in the tall mirror. It was a pale face with -wistful shadowed eyes that she saw therein. She was fatigued in body and in mind, yet sheconld not sleep. If she onlyunder stoodi if she only knew the meaning* of this silent love of her husband's that had never yet been expressed in words ! 