^mmmtvA*. THKATBI BOYAL.—There was a fair audience on Thursday to witness "The Three- Guardsmen," which this evening is supplanted by "Hamlet." To-morrow night (Saturday) Mr. Leake produces " My Partner," a drama written by Bartley Campbell, one of the moat clever and popular of American dramatists. It is built on the lines of Bret Harte's stories, and shows us that author's familiar hero in the person of Joe Saunders, a man whose rough exterior belies tbe gentle heart within, and whose earthly happiness is self-sacrificed to benefit others. " My Partner" has been especially suo cessfnl in tbe States, report speaking highly of its construction and general appropriateness for stage purposes. GABMBB'S THEATRE.—This place of amusemont was well filled on Thursday evening to witness Thompson^ Exhibition of the Zola War. At the close of the entertainment a large number of presents were given away, including a suite of drawing-room furniture, the recipient of which was Mr. Menz, of Owen- street, Southterrace. THB " MOBTEIXAEIA."—The following it the plot of Plautus's comedy " Mostellaria," which was played successfully last night in the original Latin by the students of Trinity College, Melbourne:—"Thearopides, a rich mer chant of Athens, returns to that city after an ab sence of three years, to find his son Philolaches playing the prodigal. Of course, there is a she' in the case, and her name is Philematiam,an 1 enfranchised slave. There is alsa a supple varlet of the Figaro type named Tranio, and a boon companion of his young master called Callidamates. While they are revelling in the bouse of Theuropides the old gentleman presents himself for admission, but is met by Tranio, who protests that the house is haunted, and assures bim that some sounds of bibulous hilarity which issue from the interior of it are occasioned by. the ghost. Mirargundes, a money • lender, now appears upon the scene, and demands repayment of some large earns he has advanced to the young scapegrace; but tbe ready-witted Tranio asserts that these were borrowed by Philolaches in order to enable him to buy another hoase, and indicates that of Simo as the mansion he has sccured. After a series of other deceptions have been practised upon him, Theuropides learns the whole truth by the mouth of a slave, who has come to fetch Callidamates home; and the merchant's first impulse is to have Tranio scourged, bnt the canning rascal takes his seat upon the family altar, and defies anybody to dislodge him. Meanwhile Callidamates. sobered and serious, reappears npon the scene, and invites Theuropides to dinner—an invitation which Tranio impru- dently and vociferously accepts, and in spite of the old gentleman's indignation with his son and with his son's slave he consents to forgive them both at the solicitation of Callidamates, who comes forward with the customary tag of— "Spectatores, fabnla hsec est acta : vos plans am date." SOUTH AUSTBAUAN COURSING CL vb —A committee meeting will be held at the Prince Alfred Hotel this evening. 