THE NOVELIST. HISSED IN THE CROWD/ ft. »in Two Yeabs* Time," Aoi®o^a°*» „ambeb change," &o.; Chapter XII. a musical evening. Every honour was done to the engagement *w Doneraile could do. As we hare already -marked, hearts were kinder than tongues j„ that little community, which exercised fefif vehemently with the most Bavage josadslB about one another, without think • - a ail necessary to take any action upon _____ coerced by Mrs. jg7n "Miss Ellis's case. Notwith the widely diffused opinion that the I^Xf&mily; had snared their prey in a ffingly unprincipled manner, and that ffiad pursued her lover, and taken him, Moneak at the sword's point, with wiles M&ems; that no modest girl would KJ-and in Bpiteof a general sense of ESment in that young man, who had Sm himself so pitiably weak and so Sly reckless-plenty of congratulations Kthcoming, and a warm interest in the Mediate arrangements and future welfare I5ihe young couple displayed. Mrs. Spencer 1 the only lady who could not—having ha own dear innocent girls to shield bom contamination — overlook the die „wfnl episode of the clandestine meeting I t|je reading-room at the Mechanics', which by this time, was understood to hire token place daring the interval between the closing of the institute at 6 o'clock, and its re-opening at 8—the care taker not having turned them out, as was laterally supposed, but having taken a bribe to let them remain in, with thedoor-keya in their possession. She exonerated the doctor, who was one of her special favourites, from aoy participation in or knowledge of tbia tarible affair; it was known that he had bepn oiled away into the bosh, poor man, and thit it was only when his back was turned that these things went on. But she could ut-oo, she could not, as a wife and• a Bother, as a lady and a Christian—give her countenance any longer to Mrs. Lovell, who hid sosadly deceived her husband and all her friends; nor could she have anything more to do with Mies Fitzgerald, who had so can dniivelj proved herself to.be no better thiin she Bhonld be—thereby justifying a convic tion that she (Mrs. Spencer) had entertained m since the day the girl had come, in bo notorious a manner, to Doneraile, penniless, fnmdlese, and the daughter of no one knew whom. So when Annie eent ont a sheaf of hurried little notes of invitation for a mnsioal evening—the favourite form of entertainment in those parts—that she might display her affianced couple to advantage before the eyes denvions and admiring friends, Mrs. Spencer coldly declined her hospitality on behalf of the entire Spencer family. "Nasty old thing," said Annie, a little unued by this tremendona portent. " She »tomg to make a fuss, after all! I was •aid she would. 0 dear, how vexed Harvey ™ be! I knew she wanted him for Bosiei am she can t hide her disappointment Well, aTI J®??® resignedly, " we mast make w beet of it Ana we shall enjoy ourselves tome more without her." These were the sentiments of the rest of jje community, when it became swiftly JWM abroad that the Lovella had fallen ™«to"Uader'8 ban. Even Mrs. Spencer wimble to have her pore motives and high PQpied actions misconstrued sometimes, s common with meaner mortals. mu"JESfi °yening was a great suc »ri notwithstanding tois serious defection. W J™8. anxious to see HJ"- fwington and Miss Fitzgerald mi ^eir Stored circumstances, bow they would behave to each * were genuinely eager to offer toshmrt, 68 to y°UQ8 pair, and hmmLiW? ^Pethetic attentions; the fcoKSS' Were reR^y make the best Blvu j„®5~ opportunity to ingratiate them* favour of a potential hoat or mode of doing that hung to ° 9 might nave rival aatf* "tow. ' ,*or B0me inscrutable SJwsln^SliNot only all those who could othet rnemiMM^' ? ' a?d in4iffer«Ilt i but all ttotdto kT ^f.8°od Bociety (who hap biddentothine / torms at the time) *V thev^B?n^?e.?ltertBUlmanta» 011(1 toe tithUj.pL.il0?0® themeelvee was to sit, htnini t#?;',m 0 circle round the room, « aoieilf !£e-r bandkerchiefs, while hddimiriM 1 their n«mber, in a solemn 5 "to piana ' Performed in rotation -.wu-isuowahip; but nobody a» Perhaps they might have set mt musical evenings conclnded with Kwbidb long pent-up feelings co They were put of that sacrec '*J«h ptwcnbed the stiff show < ?®»imid the gorgeous discomfort o tad widen no one could, j^oon without convicting himsell ' •".nther-of an ignorance of so 5*1* Jkt would have been of to ? indiscretion which is said to wme. This mnaioal ew 2>>« however, riven to celeb: Wttotive'i betrothal, had. a. 2J®ci sociability, and an »hol it quits out of toe < interest of toe ocoario r?>me perfucntory interest in eee aWviv*0,m(toi(»d performancj iSi ®*wna 01 novelty tod w.^^Knved early, and toe 'yES.1with an aUhost I ■Cm*, httle drawingroon W toete eat Mr. hei to;legs croesed, as if d«ar, end was quite Usually this r ^^LSltoPtoition In socii ' " Missed priceless value as the only tenor, deferred hiB appearance until very late in the evening. Ihere was wont to be a good deal of flutter and anxietyas to whether he would come at all. Miss Wilson, who supported the glee singers at the piano, would place her little band around her, and they would try over their parts in a desultory manner, one after another, breaking off at any moment to ex claim There he iB 1" if so much as a door creaked. There would be a constant looking at watches, and interchange of reiterated in quiries as to when " he " hod been seen last, what he had said, whether he looked as if he intended to come; and the company would be pervaded generally by a restless fidget of suspense and suppressed impatience. Then, suddenly, there would be a loud rat-tat— very trying to the nerveB of any sleeping infant that chanced to be on the premises; the dntwingroom would resound with ex clamations of delight and relief; the hostess would spring to her feet and rush into the hall; and, finally, Mr. Barrington would saunter in, composed and cheerful, as if he had just risen from his dinner—ana the pro ceedings would begin. To- night there was no waiting for him in this way. The first lady who arrived—Mrs. Macpherson, from the Manse—found him Bitting in the chimney corner, as has been said, with the air about him of having been there some considerable time. He rose politely, and insisted that Mrs. Macpherson should take his Beat; and then he found another arm-chair, in which he made himself comfortable, and crossed his legs, and talked to his sweetheart, who was not to be prevailed on to sit down. Helen looked very pretty on this interesting oc casion. She had wonderfully wakened up out of her ordinary apathetic composure, and was alert,,restless, and embarrassed, with a touch of defiance in her embarassment. Her pale cheeks were flashed; there was a Bparkle of excitement in the depths of her eyes; it was obvious to everybody that she wob bo proud of her new lover, and so de lighted with her position, that she did not know how to contain herself. She wore a white frock—a very common white cotton frock, that had many times been to the wash ■ —which became her exquisitely. Mr. Bar rington looked up at her from his easy chair, and thought how charming she would look in satins and velvets; but it was the charm of that Bimple gown—more potent than his conventional soul was conscious of—that made him think of it. Very soon after Mrs. Macpherson's arrival, the room was full; and the young couple were profusely congratulated, and a great deal of " chaff" was scattered about them, Mrs. Davis was in great force, with her re miniscences and prognostications; and Mr. Barrington encountered her pungent plea santries, and all the lively banter that assailed him, with audacious repartees that were much appreciated, and was evidently not at all inclined to be offended. Helen smiled, but was stiff and distant. She retired upon Mrs. Baxter, who was silently sympa thetic, though disposed to fluent talk in undertones; and by and bye made' a panto mimic appeal to Annie to set the music going. Annie, however, enjoyed these preliminaries far too much herself to make any effort to curtail them. " 0 yes," said she to the com pany in general, standing amongst them in her most gorgeous Charlotte Co may cap and long- tailea gown, and ignoring Helen's pleading eyes, which blazed like two lamps across the room, " O yes, we all know what a delightful husband he will be for the first month or two. But let's wait till thiB time next year—then we'll see how he behaves himself 1" " Oh, come now, Mrs. Lovell"—began the young man; and then he stopped suddenly. The ladies were whispering to each other, " What! Is it to come off so soon 1" And he was listening delightedly to a confidential whisper from his sweetheart in his eat— " Mr. Barrington—Charlie—do stop them t Ask Mr. Davis to play." " What do you think of beginning busi ness ?" Mr. Barrington then inquired blandly, with a charming affectation of innocence on his beaming face. " I think we have wasted time enough—eh ? Davis, you generally open the ball, don't yon? Mrs. Lovell, won t yon make Davis do his duty t" Mw""g smiles and giggles vent round the room; and the gentleman indicated—who had long been of opinion that time .was being wasted—walked towards the piano with alacrity. Mr. Davis, though he did not sing, was the musical genius of Doneraile. From the ordinary social jpoint of view, he was, in his way, atf objwtionable as his wife a thoroughly coarse-fibred Individual, both in body and soul; hut in musical circles he was a distinguished personage. He under etood music," in the popular sense of that phrase. All its Bcience, it was believed, was clear to him; all its literature- was at his finger's ends. And a gn»t trial it was to his local admirers, whose innocent little glees, and ballads, and " drawingroom pieces had to run the gauntlet of his contemptuous criticism. They were very humble and deferential; they begged him to play.in season and out of season, and listened with silent rapture while he did so: they accepted his iudgemnt, as of a court of final appeal, with the moat adiect meekness-all except Mr. Barrington, who, being not only a rival banker, but a leading tenor, delighted to show an amiable indifference to hie pre tensions. But, all- the same, h» unique excellence was a great trial to them. On the present occasion force of habit was so strong that the preoccupied ladies, deep in their private gossip,, exclaimed Oh, please, Mr. Davis 1" and immediately left off talking and subsided into their seats. And. Mr. Barrington took the opportuntor to have a little confidential arid semi-audible UU-&-. ttle with his /iowede. , , , -v Mr. Davis dropped down carelessly on the music stool, fell into a brown study for half aminnto, ran his fingers through his hai"' cast his eyes up to the^ ceiling, and to J brought down crash upon the keyboard, making everyboc jump, and filling Annie's maternal heart with the wildest apprehensions. This wm the prelude to some of that brilliant axecq torn for which he was famous, and which simulated, to the best of a solitary per- 1 former's ability, the orchestral rendering of an operatic theme. It lasted for Beveral long minnteB, and then ceased as suddenly as it had began, leaving a sort of tingling silence—through which was heard Mr. Barrington's voice, calmly proceeding with some trivial narrative. " And so he just gave ns a nod, and walked oat of the studio as cool as yon please—er—thanks, Davis." i " Oh, thank yon, Mr. Davis! what is that? I am sore I ought to remember it—the air iB quite familiar to me." Which was a vast stretch of insincere politeness on Annie's part, seeing there was never the ghost of an air in it, from first to last Ah, well! All kinds of venerable impostures are being found out now-a- days; possibly in time we Bhall discover that athletic Bports of this de scription, however severely scientific and classical, have no right to make arbitrary claims on us in the Bacred name of art. And, when we do, that apparent anomaly which puzzles us so much—" musicians " being bo frequently people of coarse and vulgar nature, while those who " don't care for music are often otherwise artistic, and es sentially sympathetic and refined—will be quite satisfactorily accounted for. Mr. Davis walked back to his seat, looking hot and complacent, and was immediately called upon to Wield the baton for the glee singers. This wan a great condescension on hiB part; but it waB an office that he filled with as much enjoyment to himself as bene fit to thoBe who trembled before him. Since Mr. Barrington had joined, however, he had not enjoyea himself quite so much. When he rapped his desk sharply, and called "the tenors to order for false tune or time, the tenors were apt to be a little aggravating—if not downright insolent. And as the tenors were supported by a very unfair share of public sympathy, it was difficult to vindicate nis authority and uphold his dignity as he had been wont to do. To-night there was great demoralisation in the ranks. The tenors insisted on standing next to a rather weak soprano, arid even the conductor was powerless to remonstrate, nnder the peculiar circnmstances of the occasion ; and, instead of attending to their score, they looked over the Boprano's shoulder, and whispered in her ear, not only utterly distracting her attention, bnt destroying the discipline of the whole corps. There was/no headway made. The glees ''went" wohe than they had done when sung for the first time. No one seemed to care how they went. Again and again Mr. Davis rapped fiercely, as if rapping all their knuckles, ana in the Badden Bilence thereby created, mjlde bland suggestions with a portentous Btni&; "Perhaps you wfll kindly commence that passage again ? And, if yon look at the Bcore, you will see that the tempo is quite plainly marked." A wave of the baton in the air—a sharp Bwisfa, emphasised on the piano by his vigi lant and conscientious lieutenant. And Mr. Barrington discovered that he was reading his music npBide down. " Hold on, Davis— where the dickenB—oh, I see—all right—go ahead!" • " Now—all together, if you please. And be so good as to keepyonr eye on the beat" Swish—swish—swuh I A fairly successful start this time, all the voices taking up their parts at the moment their respective notes were given on the piano, followed by apparent unanimity for about half a dozen bars. Then Mr. Barrington broke off to make a remark. "Well, I Buppose you ought to know best, but that's not my idea of the tempo." " My dear sir," retorted the exasperated conductor, " we are not required to have ideas. Our business is to follow the com poser's directions. And they are plain enough, if you will take the trouble to attend to them." „ . .. " Oh, it's all the same to me—I don t care whether it's fast or alow. Have a lozenge, Nelly"—producing a box Of bonbons, and tucking his score under his arm—"it will help you out with those trills 6f yours. Have a lozenge, Mis. Davis, and tell your husband not to bully us in such a savage manner." This was a specimen of the kind of work that was done that night- The glees cer tainly did not " go " as they ought to hays done. They were interrupted by flippant dis cussions—all initiated by Mr. Barrington-^n their most promising stages; and, as time went on. these discussions became more and more piquant and diverting At last Mr. Davis demanded that he should be, relieved of his office as conductor, and that it should be given to his young friend, who was, so much better instructed than he. Which silenced the exuberant merriment of the rebel's sympathisers for a moment, and brought them.metaphoric&Ily;, to their knees. Soon after this the glee-practice was aban doned, with a mixture of relief and despair. Mr. Davis left his pupils to their own devices, and went away to a retired sofa, where he w&b; soon in loud discussion with Mr. Baxter about the last tragedy of the South African war—the terrible Isandula disaster. The chatter and laughter round the piano con tinued for awhile; and then Miss Henrietta Wilson—the second daughter of the par sonage family—took possession of the music stool, and sang " Ich Weiss Nicht, was Soli es Bedeuten," with an accent that would have set the teeth on edge of, any listener whose knowledge of German was greater than her own, had there happened to be one. That Bweetest little song, which perhaps holds as much mnsic in a given number of notes as any song that was Aver invented, was ren dered in the fashion of a Sunday school hymn-tune; all its delicate pathos, subtle as a perfume, wafted away with the sound of the first chord, and only the one-two-three, cne-two-three aogrtl measure left^AaJror nobody knewnow rthey were murdered. TToion stood to listen*until theueoond verse was under way, and then she glided off to the furthest comer from the piano, when cheery Sirs. Baxter sat a little apart, watchful and smiling, busily knitting a sock for one of ner numerous foster-children. " Come, my dear," said the little woman, compressing hm fcoiMlr draperies into the sms&est; compass, " ooura and sit down by me a hit, and tell me all about it," " About what, Mrs. Baxter ?" " Why, how you have come to be an en gaged young lady all at once, in this audden and unexpected manner." "Do you think it iB too sudden?" Helen replied, with a little gasp. It was such an imploring inquiry, and Bhe looked bo solemnly eager when she made it that Mrs. Baxter laughed merrily. No, child, no—of course I don't; how can it be too sudden if you love each other ? And it does not take long to find that out, does it? My dear husband and 1 met at a little party at my sister Janet's house in Edinburgh, and we were engaged just three dayB afterwards, and married in a month. And here we have passed our silver-wedding day, the happiest couple that ever came toge ther—barring that the Almighty has been pleased to deny us children, to be the com fort of onr old age," she interposed, with a Bigh. " No, no ; I don't believe in dawdling over thoBe things. Life is but Bhort, my dear, and it is a pity to lose more than we can help of what it has to give us. That is to say, of course, if our duty allows us to please ourselves." Helen lifted her eyes and looked with sud den compunctious tenderness at Annie, who stood with the group at the piano, carrying on a whispered dialogue with Mrs. Davis. Mrs. Baxter intercepted the glance, and laid her hand affectionately on the girl's knee. " Yes, my love, I understand," said the motherly creature—who did not understand in the least. " 1 know very well what a com fort it has been to you to give her so much help—to be of so much use—and how loth yon mnBt feel to leave all your duties here; bnt you must remember that you owe a duty to Mm, too. Think of poor Mr. Stanfield, and all hiB lonely years ! Mary Ellis had her reasons, no doubt—a high-principled girl, as Sb£ always was, would have been sure to have good reasons ; but I can't but think she made a mistake somewhere—if it was her doing—letting him lose all that happiness thatne might have had if she had married him firBt of alL" " Have you heard how he is ?" Helen asked quickly. " Yes ; I saw Mrs. Ellis yesterday—she had juBt had a letter. 0 well, it is as we expected,!' said Mrs. Baxter, shaking her head. " He lingers on—he gets gradually worse. . He suffers a great deal at times, and he has nothing else before him, I am afraid. But they write cheerfully ; it is evidently a great consolation to them to be together, poor things." " And will they not come back ?" " 1 don't think so, Nelly. They have a comfortable house in Melbourne—a nice, bright home, with the doctors close at hand. They are better there than at Glenora. And, moreover, Glenora is to be sold. 1 hear there is a young millionaire Englishman in treaty for it—some relation of Mr. Stanfield's, they say. But the advertisement is not with drawn from the papers yet" Here Mr. Barrington came up, and stooped over his fianc6e with a tender, lover-like air that enchanted the elder lady—who imme diately began to count the stitches of her stocking bb if her life depended on it. " Nelly, they want us to Bing a duet to gether." " Do they ?" She roBe at once, though re luctantly, and walked across the room with him. Chi the way he looked at her sud denly saddened bice, and asked, " What has that old woman been preaching about?" "Don't speak of her so," said Helen hastily. " Dear Mrs. Baxter, 1 wish I were as good as"—pausing a moment—"as she takes it for granted that I am." " But hasn't she been preaching ?" " Hush—sh!" The company at the piano, who had been varying their discussion of the new engage ment with a few speculative remarks about Mr. Banington's friend Lonsdale—wondering whether he would really come to Glenora, whether he would be " nice" if he did come, whether he would console Bosie Spencer, and so on—stopped to gaze meaningly at one another, and to smile significant smiles, when that soft" Hush-Bh" feu on their ears. Then they scattered away bom the piano, and left the young pair Btanding there, side by side, behind Miss Wilson; and. listened with in dulgent interest while they sang " Giorno d'orrore" together. It was very Bweet to liBten to—that duet bnt it waB even sweeter to sing. The girl's rather too delicate voice was exquisitely pure and true, and juBt now full of a strange, subtle pathos—stirred up from her deep heart, though she did not know it, by Mrs. Baxter's " preaching"—which thrilled her own warm blood as she sang; a passion bom of all sorts of vague desires, but chiefly of a longing to be able to love her lover as Bhe ought—to realise the ideal lover in him. And the young man deeply felt the effect of the eloquence that he was so far from knowing how to intepret, and understood that he muBt sing hiB best—and only soft, rich notes, with out any trumpet blasts—to match it. The result was very charming. When it was over, Helen's heart was beatiing very fast, but she was immeasurably soothed and comforted. She looked up into Mr. Banington's face with a wistful appeal in her earnest eyes, and in her heart a Bense of fellowship with him that she had not felt before. All the vulgarity of this public celebration of their engagement—which hitherto he had not done much to mitigate—was forgotten. "Thank yon," she whispered, with a faint, grave smile, that even his dull eyes saw a new meaning in. " Thank you," he responded, touched and pleased. Snpper was announced soon after this. It was a protracted festivity to-night, and a jovial one. The guests packed themselves round the family table in the well-worn diningroom, Mr. Barrington taking in his hosteeB; and the clatter of plates ana glasses was drowned in a hubbub of talk and laughter. Justice, as the newspapers say, was done to the fowls and the sandwiches, and the jellies and tarts, and the British pale ale and oolonial wine—as justice mostly fa, at whatever cost, to this unwholesome but hospitable meal. And then, when every body felt genial and comfortable, and in peace and charity with mankind, Mr. Wilson rose, placed hie hands on the table,a on either side of his empty plate, cleared his throat, and made a sort of elementary wedding breakfast speech. "Ladies and gentlemen, yon will, I am sore, all feel with me that this interesting occasion cannot be allowed to pass , , &c.; The good old man was too fond of hearing himself disconrse to throw away, or make light of, this golden opportunity. He gave a Bort of tombstone biography of his two young friendB, and traced the imaginary rise ana progress of their attachment, at great leflgth —before be so much as approached the pbinfe at which he was expected to propose their health—sowing his narrative thickly with those sentimental pleasantries in which, when occasion offers, the parson always loves to indulge. Cupid's arrowB and hymeneal torches, and other Bimilar and popular figures, decorated it like a valentine. Helen sat, erect and rigid, with downcaBt eyes and crimson cheeks, schooling herself to bear it to the end. Mr. Barrington—when once Bhe cast an appealing glance at him— presented a beaming face to her indignant and astonished gaze. He overflowed with amusement. After this speech, which was honoured with much enthusiasm, the young btide groom-elect made a snort and facetious acknowledgement of the compliment that had been tendered to Miss Fitzgerald and him* self, and expressed his serene conviction that they would be as happy in their future home as their kind friends anticipated. And then someone proposed the healths of Dr. and Mrs. Lovell ; and the doctor in his turp held forth—hoping that his step-sister, now so soon to leave hiB roof; and the excellent young man of her choice, would be as happy in their married life as he and bis dear wife had been in theirs; and so on. Until finally the party broke np. The ladies went to Annie's bedroom for a last goBsip ; the gen tleman put on their hatjs and overcoats in the hall; and silence reigned in the deserted drawingroom once more. When all the guests had departed, Mr. Barrington and Helen went oat in the moon light to have their last word at the gatden gate, after the immemorial lover's cpstom. " When are you going to town, Mr. Bar— Charlie, I mean ? To-morrow ?' " Yes, darling. I telegraphed to Lonsdale that I would be down to-morrow night. And I donbt I most stay a day or two, at least, to help him to Bettle about what he is going to do. 1 must see Mr. Stanfield for him, if I can persuade him to look after Glenora. But I'll come back as soon sb I can—yon may be very certain of that. Shall yon be glad to see me back?" he inquired tenderly, with his arm round her waist. She rested her head for a moment on his shoulder. It was very pleasant to have some one of her own, whose first care was for her happiness. " Yes," she said, promptly. And it Beemed to her that she wonld be very glad to see him back. " Darling !" And he kissed her vigorously. " I won't keep you in suspense longer than I can help. I will telegraph when you may expect me.' 