A REVIVAL OF RELIGION. TO THE EDITOS. Sir—What is to be the character of the work to be done by the churches during the coming autumn and winter? Everyone must, I think, admit that spiritual matters are at present in a very unsatisfactory state. There have been genuine and earnest efforts to rouse the masses of the people; but although blessing has followed, how inadequate are the results after all? We have never yet in this colony witnessed a great religious movement, such as we read of in other places. It seems to me that what is wanted is just a work of that kind. It needs that the Church should become •' terrible as an army with banners," so that the hearts of sinners should be made to quake. Before this can be, however, it is my conviction that there is some solemn, searching work required in the hearts of Christian people. It is certain that the great majority of Christians have not received the " enduement of power from on high;" and when we remember the Lord Jesus forbad His disciples to go to the work until they were in possession of the power, it does seem as if it were the duty of the Church to set itself right first. I would suggest, then, that the Evangelical Alliance should appoint a certain season—say a week or two towards the end of March—for humiliation and prayer. The arrangement of meetings might be left to the churches themselves. Who can tell, Sir, if we but take the right position before God, what He may have in store for us ? May we not consider that the Lord is hampered in His work in this land because he cannot find tools to His mind ? I feel so deeply the importance of this matter, that I trust you will see your way to advocate the step proposed, and that the attention of Christians everywhere may be drawn to the need for the baptism of fire and of the Holy Ghost. I am, Sir, &c.;, FLUELLEN. CUBE FOB CONSUMPTION.—A number of enquiries have been made regarding the plant said to be a cure for consumption, in a recent issue of this journal. The plant recommended was the common Mullein. We mentioned that Mullein was better known in this country as Aaron's rod (Verbascum Nigrum). We find, however, that there are a great many varieties of Mullein; the oq^ most common in England being known as Shephferd Club (Verbascum Thapsus)—the latter being a stronger growing plant than the former, and has a woollier leaf. We imagine, however, that either variety would be equally valuable and possess the same medicinal properties. Aaron's rod grows wild in many parts of the hills. The flower 6tems should be gathered while green, after the seed vessels are formed, and when dry, Bhould be used as directed in the prescription already published. 