THE KEY OF THE IRON SAFE. The firm of Notherston and Milbourne, T solicitors, tenanted chambers in one of a those vast buildings, Aladdin's Palaces, n devoted to business purposes, which have, co of late years, sprung up in our capital. ti It was a huge rabbit-warren of offices, d piled up high, floor upon floor, and filled N with lawyers, brokers, merchants, agents, of and by the many who, escaping distinct in classifications, are only known vaguely to cc all their friends and acquaintances as "something in the city." Within the imun- g posing entrance the long list of the names of of .the inhabitants inscribed upon the ti walls were as pages after pages of the ti Commercial Directory printed in capital be letters.. From the hall a grand staircase th ascended to amazing heights, and inter- ev minable corridors branched off in all directions. Indeed, from the roofs di above, where prodigious families of sa pigeons congregated, to the cellar below of -a labyrinthine kingdom, possessed by a nt famous firm of wine merchants-the be house-Great Grasshopper House Cham- lic ber, Gracechurch-street, was the proper w; address-was quite densely populated. qu All day long there resounded through its ern numerous passages the humming as of af many hives of bees. k iMr. Netherston, the head of the firm, was not in a position to stir himself much th about its transactions. He was of ad- qu vanced age, and his state of health was Fe precarious; lie had not absolutely retired sa from business, but he only visited London ca occasionally, residing for the most part in his picturesque and comfortable villa ke at Torquay. He placed implicit confidence he in his junior partner, David Milbourne, pa and by him was kept constantly advised Al concerning the proceedings at the office. oil Thepartners were friendsoflong standing ; set Mr. Milbourne even had been articled to lar Mr Netherston. They had prospered sih greatly, enjoying the confidence of num- c erous clients of wealth and distinction in kmi the city. They were concerned for many sall publiccompaniesand institutions of import. H ance. Altogether, they were to be viewed as solicitors of enviable repute and good ha fortune. wl Mtr. Milbourne occupied handsome str apartments in Clarges-street, Piccadilly. th He had been for many years the tenant haI of Mrs. Bellamy's drawing-rooms in that Mr street. He did not pretend to be a man thl of fashion, but he admired and enjoyed thl the West End of London. He usually Ri dined at his club, the Mausoleum in Pall Ki Mall. After dinner he repaired to the sol card-room of that establishment; nothing sin pleased him so much as a game of whist. bu One morning between eleven and anf ttwelve, a sprightly, sharp-featured young fri aman knocked at the door in Clarges- nil :street. Mrs Bellamy promptly appeared. em She usually deputed the duty of opening mo the door to one of her servants; she em- see Iployed two, she was wont to state with s.ome pride, and there was no Tt need, therefore, for her to perform bo menial duties. But, as she afterwards ing 'observed, it was a morning of some con- C0 fusion, and she was never above being use- do ;ful ; happening to be in the hall when fur the knock came at the door she had sel :straightway opened it. inp The young man smiled and noddedina iro mIanner that might be thought affable by .some and impudent by others. Mrs the Bellamy not being quite clear which it to 'was, preserved a stately calm, and a cer- ev tain rigidity of port as she turned ques- me tioning looks upon the visitor. m "You remember me 1" he said quickly. of ' I'm Mr Callow, from the office. ha The fact is," said the young man, Gr " we can't get on without the key of the iron safe. As Mr Milbourne did not turn uI up at his usual hour, I've been sent here du to ask about him, and get his key. We pe thought he must be ill, or something or it other had happened to detain him. Mr mr Kimber-our chief clerk, you know-told op me to come here as quickly as I could and wa make inquiries." tlt "Mr Milbourne's not at the office ha then ?" said Mrs Bellamy. vi " Of course he isn't, or I shouldn't have sc come here to ask about him." or "It's odd. I thoucght perhaps he'd ha .gone on straight to the offices I have not an :seen him this morning ; now I think of we :it, I haven't seen him since yesterday re ;morning." of " Well, if he isn't hero and isn't at the th dfice," observed the articled clerk, " the question is, where in the duce is he " lo " One can't help feeling a little anxious," said Mrs Bellamy, nervously- sty the colour had faded from her cheeks, fe ,which were not pallid ordinarily, and her hi voice trembled somewhat. "One does co hear of such dreadful things happening. I gi suppose it's no use beating about the P bush. It's best to toell the truth." f "The truth, the whole truth, and h nothing but the truth- that's your sort," said Mr Callow, laughing. a "I don't know that there's much to o laugh at," Mrs Bellamy returned, with an air of reproof. " But I must tell you that d ?Mr Milbourne did not come home last h nightr." v " One thing, the old boys have usually t more money to fling about them. And s fun costs money: that's my experience. P .All the same, I never saw many symptoms a .of fun about Milbourne. What's become Ir -of him, I wonder ? We shall have to o :advertise for him, I suppose: 'Lost, i :stolen, or strayed, an elderly gent, answers ito the name of Milbourne, Christian name ;Daniel. Round shouldered, hook-nosed, gray haired, uses spectacles, takes snuff, carries an umbrella, etc., etc., etc.' Depend upon it, it's a case for the police." t "It's no laughing matter, Mr Callow. That's my opinion of it." Mrs Bellamy was quite right. It was mot a laughing matter. Mr Callow spent many hours riding in a hansom cab to and from Clarges-street and Great Grasshopper House, makinmg inquiries concerning Mr lMilbourne. It was taken for granted that he would pre sent himself in the course of the day either at the ofice or at his residence. But time passed; he did not appear, and no tidings of him were forthcoming. It is to be explained, however, that Mr ?Milbourne was not in the habit of taking away this key with him, for it was an in ,strument of substantial size and weight, yet by no means suited for deposit in a gentleman's pocket. He was usually con 'tent to place the key in his writing desk, which was secured by a patent lock. Arriving at his office, it had been his wont to unlock his desk and release the ,key of the safe, which was not, it will be understood, a mere strong box, but an iron-cased chamber of some size, contain ing all the more important books, papers, *and writings of thIe firm. Mr Kimber was surprised to find that Mr Milbourne's desk had been left un locked ; the key of time safe was not within it, however. Access to the safe was very mecessary for the carrying on of the busi nemas of the firnl Certain of the clerks found some difliculty in sufficiently occu pying themselves in the absence of the oey as4 or Mi 14ilbourno. A duplicate key, as Mr Kimber know, I g was in the hands of Mr Netherston, at i w Torquay. It might become necessary to ki I apprise Mlr Netherston of Mr Milbourne's non-appearance, and apply for the dupli- IM cate key. But this was not a step to be taken without deliberation. It was very I'i desirable that in his state of health Mr " Netherston should not be troubled. But,, u of course, he would have to be troubled fir in the event of Mlr Milbourne's absence lei continuing. on The day passed. To Mr Kimber's cia great distress nothing was seen or heard ev. of Mr Milbourne. Mr Kimber resolved -1 that lie would defer action in the matter ant till the following morning. It was pro- pu bable the early post would bring news of to the absent solicitor. Mr Kimber, how- pat ever, passed a very restless night. ad, The morning came, still Mr Milbourne Ms did not appear, nor did any letter, ines sage, or telegram from him arrive at the Ne office. Mr Kimber resolved that there of now was no help for it ; the police must rea be communicated with, although no pub- I lie alarm was yet to be given. Air Callow bef was dispatched by express train to Tor- sail quay, the bearer of a letter to Mr Neth- bet erston, informing him of the position of Kil affairs, and applying for his duplicate key. get The police constable, consulted as to hsih the disappearance of Mr Milbourne, in- art quired when lie was last seen. Inspector evi. Ferraby, an officer of repute for his spo sagacity and energy, took charge of the ing case. his Inspector Ferraby examined the house- He keeper. She had entered the offices at glo her usual time. It might have been half- ing past seven or a quarter to eight. Mr ink Milbourne was not there then. The the offices were quite empty. She had not seen or heard Mr Milbourne go. In so large a building it was quite a chance if woi she ever heard or saw the going or the hav coming of any person in particular. She tha knew that he had gone, however, because I she did not see his hat or his umbrella. seat He always carried an umbrella. tion Supposing, then, that Mr Milbourne ow, had left his office at seven o'clock, say, bele whither had he gone ? Not to Clarges- any street ? Mrs Bellamy was positive as to TI' that. Nor to his club? The Inspector Tih had carefully inquired at the Mausoleum. soil Mr Milbourno had not dined there upon the the night in question. Nor had lie been to t there since. It came to this, them . Mr isu Milbourne had been last seen alone by Mr the Kimber at about half-past six. The ma solicitor was sitting at his desk ; he said trat simply that lihe should not be long, the but that he wanted nothing more, sulr and no one need wait for him : and in a the friendly way he bade his chief clerk good init night. An hour later and his room was the empty. He had gone forth, and nothing the more was known of him. No one had wet seen him.l. To be precise, it was on the night of der Tuesday, the 14th March, that Mr Mil- the bourne disappeared. It was on the morn- the ing of the 15th that Mr Callow called in of s Clarges-street; on the 16tth lie was sent too down to Mr Netherston, at Torquay, who ma forthwith telegraphed that he would him- con self arrive in London on the 17th, bring pro ing with him his duplicate key of the 'I iron safe. cor Inspector Farraby confessed to himself roo that he was puzzled. He was carelul not by to confess as much to anybody else, how- Th ever. Indeed, he did not hesitate to bee maintain that lie possessed a clue to the der mystery, the while he assumed an aspect Cal of shrewd reserve and calm vigilance. He pos had fairly taken up his abode in Great Ins Grasshopper House. cot With the presence of Mr Netherston glo upon the scene, and the production of his He duplicate key, the mystery of the disap- he pearance of Mr Milbourne was solved, but glo in the most painful and even appalling em manner. The strong room having been the opened, the body of the missing solicitor Wi was discovered in a huddled attitude upon pet the iron floor. Apparently the poor man had been thrust into the room with some cot violence. There was a wound upon his evi scalp where his head had struck against ai one of the iron shelves of the safe. He T had, perhaps, already taken up his hat wa and umbrella when the murderous assault ne' was made upon him ; at any rate, these ow rested beside his body. It was possible, me of course, that they had been flung into act the safe after him. po "Murder," observed Mr Ferraby, in a ere low tone, "if there ever was a murder." lio Mr Notherston was deeply affected. He thl staggered back in a fainting state, and but inl for the support of Mlr Limnber would rec have fallen heavily. Presently he re- th covered himself, however, and said with on great solemnity and force: "My poor hu partner ! I have lost the best and truest* no friend man ever had. One more true- at hearted and right minded, more just and M hlonourable in his dealings, more kind ab and tender and amiable in all the relations hi of life than my poor partner, Dauiel th Milbourne, never trod the earth. But our w duty is clear. A foul and cruel murder th has been committed. Justice must be a vindicated. God will help us to discover hi the criminal and avenge the crime. In- e spector you will understandthat noex- th pensewill be spared. There will be an m inquest, of course. No doubt the Govern- bt menit will offer a reward for the discovery no of the murderer. I shall myself offer a bh like reward or alarger. I will spare no H pains or mioney in d'agging to justice the j murderer of Daniel Milbourne." la A doctor was sent for, but rather as a matter of form than for any other reason. He pronounced, whatall knew beforehand, , that Mr Milbourne had been dead somein days; that he had died from suffocation. e Excepting the wound upon his head hIis h abody showed io miarks of violence. His d dress was not torn or disordered in any a a way. There was no evidence of his having y Sbeen engaged in any conflict, with his g murderer. A forcible push into the strong r. t room, and then the quick turning of the t Skey upon him, aud the murder of Daniel i y Milbourne seemed to have been accom- d . plished, e d "A word with you, Inspector," said Mr a Netherston. They conversed in low tones I ar part from the others. S "Who has done this e" 1- " That's rather more than I can tell i t, you at present, sir," answered Inspector i a Farraby. I "Do you suspect any one 1" k, "In a case of this kind I malke it as Srule to suspect all parties until I find evi dence pointing to one party in particular. be We begin in the dark, of course; that's nature, that is. But we grope our way an to the Ihght by degrees, or the light Sdawns upon us." ', "But what is your first step] usually in sat a case of this kind i" In- " We look about us, sir. We watch sin and wait. Sometimes the other side, I ary mean the criminal, does something to usi- help us--tries to throw us off the scent rks and so puts us on. Criminals must alvays eu- do somnething; they can't keep quiet. the That's the nature of criminals, and then we ask ourselves who had anything to gain by the murder? and who was last bt with the murdered ? That helps us you hi know." ni "Kimber was the last seen with Mr lh AMilboursie." ac " Most respectable man, Mr Kimber, ca I've no doubt," observed the Inspector. ha "Valuable and confidential clerk, ha understand ; been in the service of this loi firm a number of years. Man of excel- ste lent character, who could produce I'll no undertake to say, any number of first Er class testimonials. Might I ask if you ever contemplated giving him his articles giv \--that's the correct expression, I believe, an: and taking him into the firm? Or-to hin put it plainer-had Mr Kiuber anything prc to gain by the death of either of tile up partners? Would his own interests be oat advanced in any way by the removal of cee Mr Milbourne 7" rot "Good heavens, man," cried Mr ! Nethorston, "you don't suspech Kimber din of the murder ? You might with as much per reason suspect me ?" pas I may happen to suspect a good many wa' before I find the right one to suspect," offi said the Inspector quietly. " But I must to begin with someone, so I begin with hou Kimber." his " There will be no end to it. We shall dis get into such a state of suspicion that we :Mil shall think everything, the most trifling ant article about us suspicious and possible sift evidence in the case." As Mr Netherston mis spoke he glanced round the room, seek- bei ing, as it seemed, a means of illustrating als his remarks. " Those gloves for instance." 1 He pointed to a pair of light: tan coloured pie gloves resting upon Mr Milbourne's writ- of ing table, and about half-hidden by the lie inkstand. " Whose gloves are they, by a l the way ? They're not mine." tin " Nor mine," said the Inspector. ha: "No, nor poor Melbourne's. He never of wore gloves that colour, and he could not NIt have squeezed his hands into gloves of the that size." kn Inspector Farraby promptly took pos- tin session of the gloves, and, with an assump- oPi tion of a careless 'air, lihe sought 'their I owner. He ascertained that they did not toc belong to Mr Kimber, to Mr Callow, or thi any of the other clerks in the office. hil They were a man's gloves, of small size. Mr They had been worn, but were not much hal soiled. To whom did they belong ? Were up they, indeed, to be considered as a :clue da to the discovery of poor Mr Milbourne's murderer ? The Ilspector examined of them closely. Did they present any alo marks by which their owner migsht be thi traced ? The Inspector smelt them. Was: there not a faint odour about them, as 9of bo sulphur and turpentine, betraying that they had been cleaned ? Were these signs hit initials This was certainly the name of the maker or the trader who had vended Da them; and the figures denoting the size were plainly visible, " 7k." kir A stranger's gloves found in 'the mur- Pe dered mats's room ! The inspector wrapped mt the gloves in paper, and deposited wh them in his pocket. He made an entry' els of some length in his note book, and then pai took to brooding a good deal over the hai matter of the murder, as though discovery ma could be arrived at by a sort of incubative I'v process. att There was, of course, an inquest. The it, coroner's jury viewed the body, the strong room, and generally the premises occupied Mi by the firm of Netherston and Milbourne. The facts, of which the reader has already foe been informed, were duly stated in evi. dence by MrNetherston, Mr Kimber, Mr. Callow, and others. There had been a 01 post-niortemt examination of 'the body. wi Inspector Farraby was' called. Iin the the course of his testimony, he produced the wa gloves found in Mr. Milbourne's room. He was obliged to confess, however, that his he had not succeeded in tracing the gloves to their owner. The 'case was go, enveloped in mystery. It was proposed Ig that there should be an open verdict: W Wilful murder against some person or at persons unknown. fat Suddenly a voice was heard in the an court. "Mr Coroner, I request that my sh evidence may be heard. Those gloves are mine. I identify thein." ' thl The ownerof the voice's name,it appeared, mi was Charles Delmnr. Be was not in busi ness. He possessed some. means of his lai own, and he confessed that he made sp money on the turf.. A bill of exchange Im accepted by him had. come into' the to possession of a client of the firm of Neth- wi erston and Milbourne. He had failed. to fa honour his acceptance. He had been bl threatened, therefore, with legal proceed ings, that produced the letter he had mn received from the firm. It informed him of that a writ would be issued against' hii le; on the 15th of March., To avoid this, lie ca hurried up from Newmarket on the after- mu noon of the 14th. Be was late ih calling ha at the office, of Messrs. Netherston' aid no Milbourne, for his train had been consider ably belhind its time. He briught with ta him money to satisfy the claim made by D the lawyers on behallf of their client: It was later than 6 o'clock when lie reached w the office of the firm, but he could not d say how much later. It might have been r half-past 6. The clerks had left appar- d ently, but tihe doors were not closed, arid d the gas was burning in the office. A gentle-i ti man who stated himself to be Mr Mil- t1 bourne came fromn an inner room.. The wit-' hi ness had never seen hiim before --had never A before entered Great Grasshopper House.l Im He explained t6 Mr Milbourne the ob-! ject of hIis visit. His interview scarcely C lasted five minutes. He handed -the iw solicitor bank notes for £80, with one r sovereign and some odd silver--he le coild cc not state the precise amount--in settle-r ment of theb claim for interest and legal fs exnenses. In return he received the dis. honoured bill, whicli he produced. He did not ask for a formal receipt:; he was ae content to obtain possession of the bill. h SWhy did he pay in bank notes 1 He hid o Sreceived bank notes upon Newmarket Sracecourse, and had naturally applied I C these to satisfy the domtind made upon 1 him, Mr Milbourne would probably lhve r Sdemurred to accepting his cheque ,in ex change. The interview over, the matter v r of business concluded, he had left Mr 'Milbourne at his desk. Could not say whether he had or not, in going out, closed the door of the office E 11 behind him, He had noticed the large r iron safe; it was open, and the key stood in the look, he thought, but he, was not sure. Had not observed anyone lurking a about the entrance to the office. All was ,- very quiet. , Did not remember meeting r. anyone iu the passage. Did not miss the t's gloves immediately; thought, at first, lihe must have left them in the cab which con ht 'veyed him from the station to Great Grasshopper House. Recollected after wards that he haed them on when he in entered the lawyer's office ; but it was too late thlen to go back for thoei 'o re lad tbl left London the following morning. Had I not seen the newspaper for some days. to Directly hlie heard of the murder lhe hurried ont back to the town to give evidence before ays the coroner. He hIad only arrived in let. town that morning, and now told the scs Court allhe knew. In reply to the Cor to crer's inquiry as to the ~ numbs of. the bank notes he had paid to Mr Milbourne, up he replied that he did not know the Cl numbers. Many bank notes passed ph through his hands, but he never kept of account of their numbers. The notes hu came to him from strangers, for whom he thi had made bets on commission. The notes the had probably been obtained from the pla local banks about Newmarket. He under- hal stpod, however, that country banks did ans not record the numbers of the Bank of lip: England notes they received or paid out. Hit It was judged that Mr Delmar had ext given his evidence very fairly. He had answered promptly every question put to sob him. Anadjournmentof the inquiry was spo proposed, but the Coroner thought that snoi upon the whole they might as well termi. Hate their labours and leave further pro ceedings to the police. So the jury tho returned an open verdict. gat General opinion accounted for the mur- any dur in'this manner : Some evil- disposed lod, person, lurking about in the deserted ladJ passage of Great Grasshopper House had othl watched Mr Delmar enter the solicitor's him office, and seen him transfer bank notes mat to Mr Milbourne in exchange for the dis- a g honoured bill. Mr Delmar having taken poo his departure, it was easy for this evil- poo disposed person to steal behind Mr A Milbourne, snatch the notes from him, 1 and suddenly thrust him into his own quit sifo. The bank notes, of course, were wit: missing; without any chance of their ceon being traced. The key of the safe was boa also missing. rino ! For some; time Mr Kimber was un- obs, pleasantly conscious that he was an object " 1 of suspicion. Turn which way be might, safe lie saw, or fancied that he saw, the eye of a policeman fixed upon him in a scru- El tinising and distrustful manner. It was I hard ; for few men regretted the decease of t of his employer morb sincerely than did ern fIr Kimber. Ho could only rely upon No the excellence of his character, his well- the known respectability, and hope that in Mo time he might live down the misgivings yet oil this account, even of the police. old' It was different with Mr Delmar. He, feel too, was under surveillance. The tall, thin figure of Inspector Farraby followed PRa hims like his. shadow. But he had not tho Mr Kimnber's consolation. Mr Delmar was had no reserve of reputation to fall back rep upon. He turned upon. the officer one co-' day. mel "Look here, I have had about enough y of this ! When are you going to lot me cha alone ? When is there to be an end of No this ? " hit] " When the murderer of Daniel Mil- me bourne is discovered," said the inspector. Co7 " Give a dog a' bad name and hang 1 him. You want to hang me, I suppose ?" Bat "I want to hang the murderer of Eut Daniel Milbourne." late " I know I'm a bad character-that my tav kind of life isn't considered respectable. Sw People think because a man bets he needs 12. must be a rogue- that all are black sheep who go on the turf. But, like some one Lea else, we are not so black as we are £1' painted. I'm a man of good family, I'd tot have you know. My father was a clergy- exI man. I received a university education. wo I've lived like a gentleman, though I do 91 attend races; and, now and then, I admit it, am terribly down on my luck." La " I know all this about you, and more, 0i Mr Delmar," said the Inspector. sta "You persist, then, in dogging my thi footsteps-in haunting me like a ghost ?" ala "'I tuicit do my duty, Mr Delmar." en, "The reward 'tempts you, I suppose? Pe Old Netherston, I hear, is very liberal with his money.. He'd' pay any amount, lar they tell me, to discover the party who 19. was really guilty of the murder." ' for "'Mr Netherston does what he thinks by his duty, and I do what I think mine." cof " Then I'm to see you whichever way I gre go, am I?. You're to follow me whether pen I go east, west, north, or south, are you ? crt Well, I warn you; it's enough to madden tic a 'man.' You may try my patience too la far. And some day, when I look round we and find you following my footsteps, I tO! shall be tempted to--" "lNot to murder me, Mr Delmar ?" As ex the Inspector spoke, he seized the young Cu man by the arm. Cc "No," said Mr Delmar, with a strange It laugh. "Not to murder you, Mr Is- viz spector ; only to give you in charge. As wI I said before, I warn you." Mr lDelmar da turned on his heel and departed. There ce was a cruel and wrathful expression on his face. " He was of a deadly pallor, and his er blue eyes flashed angrily. Si The Inspector mused : " A violent ex man, of vicious habits of life, liable to fits -' of passion, unscrupulous, vindictive, piti- vl less. He is capable of any crime. He of carries a revolver. He would have shot en me then if lie had dared, or the chance liad seemed favourable. I know the man th now. Be did it." Ih The Inspector walked on slowly, medi- mn tating as he went, in the direction Mr we Delmar had taken. A " It was a bold step, his coming for- fai ward to claim his gloves and give evi- thK dence, aud he. did it very well. But he Re received little money at Newmarket that 18 day, and brought no bank notes to Lon- th dol. He went to the office to beg for ne timne probably The temptation to snatchl the dishonosred bill was too much for mn him. He yielded. The murder resulted. ex A little more evidence, and the warrant wl mighst issue.' in homo months went by. It was now au Christmas time-a very cold Christmas, an with'the snow heavy upon roadways and Bi roof-satiure's face all white with the W cIold-and the wind whistling and roaring of round the street corners with a sort of to frantic eagerness. wi Inspector Farraby was still active, S though he looked blue and pinched th 'enough, for all the close buttoning-up of *a his heavy overcoat and the thick muffling 8g of his neck and chin. t' Had the time for action really come at last? of After a close conference with old MIr £ Netherston, Inspector Farraby had sought ii the authorities at Bond- street. A warrant w was issued for the immediate apprehen- £ sion of Charles Delmar, charged with the murder of Daniel Milbourne. There was great excitement in the little 1 Sstreet in Bloomsbury ; not only because t a of the appearance upon the scene of a I Inspector Farraby in a cab, accompanied I ' by two policemen, but a cry of alarm had g arisen from one of the houses in the s street-a lodging-house. With one accord g all the windows in the neighlbourhood to seem to be flung open, regardless of the oe bitterly bleak weather, and clusters of i. heads, young and old, tidy and untidy, at forthwvith protruded. r- " What's the matter ?" people asked, se their teeth chattering in the cold. Some oo one answered, " VWell, they do say as one id of Mrs Grimaton's lodgers, the gentleman ad in thle back attic, has gone and shot him s, self." ed "Am I too latoe ?" murmured Inspector iro Farraby, as hlie mounted the stairs. in It was a low-ceilinged, nIeanly-fur ie nished room, with tattered walls and an or- uneven, creaking floor. The light entered :he through the anow-pattord window? frell upon the b"-d, and upon the body of Charles Delmar stretched across it. A pistol had fallen on the floor beside a pool of blood. The face was scarcely disfignurd, but there was a small, dark wound, through which the bullet had passed, in the centre of the forehead. Death, it was plain, had been instants.neous. He was half undressed ; his cheeks were hollow, and there were deep lines about his white lips, but he looked very handsome still. His face had even gained in refinement of expression. " Such a nice gentleman as he was," sobbed 1~Irs Grimston; "so pleasantly spoken alvays, and so liberal with his money so long as he had any." Don't cry," said the Inspector. " I shall never get such another lodger, though I must say that if he was obli gated to kill hissolf, I wish as he'd done it anywhere else. It's so unsettling in a lodging-house, and so hard upon a land lady-at Christmas time, too, of all others. But what's Christmas time to him now, poor gentleman 1 For the matter of that, what's Christmas time to a good many others, that are almost as poor and pale and cold and dead as he is, poor dear 1" And she burst into tears. The Inspector was eyeing the floor in quisitively. Presently he stooped, and with the help of a large clasp-knife suc ceeded in.raising a portion of one of the boards. Re found beneath it a rusty ring. He. examined it carefully, and observed, as he thrust it into his pocket, " Beyond a doubt, the key of that iron safe." 