ENTERTAINMENTS. ACADEMY OF MUSIC. Mr Boothroyd Fairclough appeared as "Hamlet" at the Academy on Saturday night. The home was well filled in the lower portions, and there was a fairly numerous attendance in the drees circle and. boxes. The verdict of the . house was one of unmistakable ap proval of Mr Fairclough’a impersonation of the character which students and critics have found, inscrutable. It is idle to say that it did not reach the ideal formed by those who ■study and love the play, for the ideal of the closet is unattainable on the Btage and is seldom even approached. But by com parison with ' all. except the very finest, most scholarly, and appreciative of representa tives of the part, Mr Fairclough gains mightily. His representation is definite and unstagy. He has studied the . playt and not accepted stage traditions; hence we find new readings of the text in one or two passages receiving acceptance at his hands. Moreover, he does not adopt the“ robustious " style of acting. His impersonation'is not merely descriptive and the display of unfelt passion, hut reflective and subdued.. He appears to have studied the play in its metaphysical aspect, as well as re garded it from the standpoint of a drama rich in words and situations that please the geueral ear and eye. The result of the actor's thought and care is an impersonation, which, if it now and again appears faulty in detail, as a whole -gratifies the intellectual and emo tional faculties of the listener. No acted Hamlet satisfies, and it is > ho dispraise tossy that Mr Fairclough's impersonation is not satisfactory from the highest standpoint of observation; but quick intelligence, rare observation of the meaning and beauty of even the moat subtle passages, some degree of origin ality, and grace of speech and bearing, render it a very superior performance to some of those representations which, unfortunately, the critic and discriminating playgoer are brought face to face with. There were many passages of the tragedy wherein Mr Fairclough startled and surprised his audience by, so far as we are aware, original and unconventional suggestions of m&aniug; iu the familiar words, and he never once failed to maintain the interest of the audience. •Asa matter of course he was warmly applauded, and frequently called before the curtain. The cast of the play was generally good. Mr Holloway raised the character of the Ghost to a high eminence by bis discretion and skilful elocu tion; Mr Carey’s Poloniu3 was calm, senten tious, and courtier-like; Mr O.'Brien’s Horatio such a discreet impersonation as fitted the Pythias of such a Damon as Hamlet; Mr Flem ming’s Laertes, Mr Forbes’ Claudius, and indeed the whole’of the characters beiug also well sus tained. Miss Deorwyn, whom playgoers are apt to associate with charming light- hearted gaiety, impersonated Ophelia touchingly, and won the favour of the .audience. The mount ing of the tragedy was good, and the lime-light effects especially appropriate. To night .Mas senger’s famous play A New Way to . Pay Old Debts " will be produced, with Mr Fair clough as Sir Giles Overreach.- 