LITERATURE. Literary Notices. SONGS FROM THE MOUNTAINS. By HENRY KEN- DALL. Sydney: William Maddock, George- street. London: Sampson, Low, and Co. (1880.) WE hear a great deal about "protection to native industry," but never a word about protection, or rather encouragement, to native talent! and our greatest lyric singer — our one really Australian poet, whose song smacks of the soil such as no other Australian singer's has ever yet done — like the proverbial prophet, meets with much less honour in his own country, compared to what he is cre- dited with in the mother country of us all, whose higher cultivation of taste and sentiment enables her to more fully appreciate and do greater justice to the genius of her children, under whatever sky they may be born — and flourish, or otherwise! In Mr. Kendall's present volume there are thirty-five pieces in all, one of which is his well known prize poem on the "Sydney Interna- tional Exhibition," which has deservedly elicited high encomium from some of the English literatii; also, one on the Melbourne "International;" his beautiful "In Memoriam" for the late Samuel Bennett, one also on the late John Fairfax; and likewise his masterpiece, of late years, "Beyond Kerguelen," with half a dozen others of excep- tional sweetness; and seven or eight of a hu- morous or bushman type, racy in style and vigorous in treatment — and fully proving that the author has power of satire as well as senti- ment. Tho oponin<i vom is "Dedication to a Moun- tain ;" and if the mountains aro Earth's altarstep3, \- whioh load men nearer up to God in soul, he also is one*whom they lead up to worship. From each pago That liolps to malro thy awful Volume, X Havo loamed a noble lo3sou. lu tho psalm Of thy gravo vrimla, awl in tho liturjry Of sinjrinj water», lo I iny soul lins heard Tho higher worship ; und from thee indood ?Tho broad foundations of a fluor hopo Warn gathered in; and thou linst lifted un Tim Mind hnrixnn for n. lnnrfir fnith I " Kingsborough" is the beau ideal of a racing rhyme-it3 ono fault being, that it is too goo< for such a theme as tho turf or its scoundrelly as sociations. "Beyond Kerguelen" is in tho author's inosi > characteristic style, and is of a very high order o: ?Writing, with lines in it, here and there, of weiro wildness, that probably no living writer hat excelled. Wild is the ory oE tho sea in tho oaves by it Sea that is smittau by sycars of tho snow. Desolate songs arc tho songs ol' tho waves by it Down in the South whero tho ships »over go. Storm from tho Pole is the siufrcr that sings to lt Hymns of tho laud at thc planet's prey verco. Thunder disclotca dark won .Ur'ul t hings to it Thunder, and rain, and tim dolorous surge. Hills, with no hope of a wiug or a leaf on them, Searred with tho chronicles written by flame, Stare, through tho grloom of inscrutable grief on them, Down on tho'horus of the gulfs without name. . . (J.iff a, with, the records of floreo flying fires on thom Loom ov«r perilous pits of eclipse : Alps, with anathema stamped in tho spivos on them, Out by tho wavo with a curso on ita lips. Baak ia tho dawn o* this beautiful sphere, on it Land of tho dolorous, desolate fa ct> Bo iniod tho blue sky ; and the bountiful year on it Fostered tho loaf and tho bloHSom of grace, Grand wero tho lights of its midsummer nooq on it Mornings of majesty shone on its seas: Glitter of starand thoglory of moon onit Fell, in tho march of tho musical breeze, Valloys and hills, with tho whisper of wing in them. Dolls of tho daffodil- spaces inipcarled, Flowered and flashed with the splendour o£ Spring in thom Back in tho morn of this wonderful world. "Hy-Brasil" has an exceptionally fino lino in ifc> picturing afc once, by .contrast, the desolate Borrow of mortality, and tho changeless splendour of the immortals Only onco ainco Eve wout UTcpi'713 through, a throng of fllit£eríii£7 hvings. " Mooni" echoes that sad thought which comes to most of us in midlife, " tho might have been !" It is a sigh for tho lost splendour of tho morning of life, when dewy freshness dawns on us, but to pass-(for ever ?) Ah, to bo by Mooni now ! Whcro tho groa<ldari< hills of wonder, Scarred with storm and cleft asunder Hy tho strong sword of tho thunder, JllaUo a night on morning's browl Just to stand whrre Naturo'sfacoia Pluslied with power in forest plncca Whore of God authentic traco is Ah, to ho hy Mooni now 1 Just to bo by Mooni's springs ! Thoro to stand, tho sbiniuir sharer Of that larger lifo, and rarer ' Beauty caught from boan ty fairer Thau tho human faco of things ! Psalms from unseen wildernesses , Dacpnmongst far hill-rccossos Ho that is by Mooni now. " Pyfcheas"-the wondor of the earlier days of time-" the groy old sailor qf MaBsilan-whose keel, in far dim ages, ploughed wan widths of polar sea" Yoa, ngaiust tho wild weird Thu'o, Btccrod tho Etranger through tho frutea Oponed by a Aro otornal into tompeat-tratnploa straits Thulo lying Uko a nightmare on tho horderB ot tho Polo: Neither land nor air u r wntor, but a mixturo of tho wholo 1 Dumb dead chaos, groy an bpoctro, now a mist and now a cloud, Whoro tho winds ory out for ever and tho wave is always loud. Hero tho lord of many waters, in tho prcat exalted yiarB, Saw tho siirht that no man knows of-heard tho sound that no man hoars ! Folt that God was in tho Shadow oro ho turned his prow and sped To tho swoot greou Holds of "England with tho sunBhiuo orerhoad, "Tho Voioo in tho Wild Oak" sounds liko tho visible ocho of tho moan of somo imprisoned Dryad Yoa, liko tho spoooh of ono aghast At Immortality iu ch lina, What timo tho lordly storm rides past With flames and arrowy rains I Somo wan Tithonus of tho wood Whito with immeasurable years-. An awful phost in Bolitudo With moaning moora and morea 1 ' ; , "Ia Memory of John Fairfax" has a Tenny J Bonian ring with it, and Bpeaks of " the hope that never dieß" Think not that souls, whose deeds anmißt Put sin to shame and mako men jase, Become at last the holploss dust That wintering' winds through wastelands sw«ep! Tho higher lifo within aa orics, Iilko somo Ano spirit from tho skies, " Tho Father's blessing on us Hos-' ' Ho giveth Hi« beloved, sloop.' " "Orará" singB the refrain or the old, old song of " Tho love of the moth for the star"-the yearning of tho mortal for tho immortal, of the finite for thc infinite But, fnrand faint, iigroy-wingcdform Uangs whoro tho wild lights wane: Thophnntom of a bypono storm A ghost ot wind and rain. Tho soft whito foot of Afternoon Aro on tho shining meads: Tho broozo is us a pleasant tuno ' ¿ Amongst the happy roods. .: Tea, in my dream of fall and brook By far swoot forests furled, I seo that lijjlit for which I look In vain through, all tho world. . Tho (flory of n. larger sliy Onslopcs ofliillB sublimo That speak with God und Morning, high. Above tho ways of Time 1 " On a Spanish. Cathedral" is suggested by Mr Dalley's splendid oration. Tho orator and tho poet hero helli each other-or rather both poets, for Mr. Dalley is ono of no mean order-and in these latter days of doubt, which is prayer for moro light, and prayer, which is doubt for want of light, these lines will "como homo" to many a weary yet Recking soul : The niusio, tho colour, tho gleam, of their mighty Cathe- dral will bo Hereafter a luminous droaui of tho Heaven Inoror may see. To a spirit that suffers and seeks lor the calm ;of a compe- tent creed, Thia Templo whoso majosty speaks becomes o religion in- deed. Tho pisüionato lights, tho intonso-tho ineifablo heauty ot sound Go straight to tho heart through thesonßo, as a song would of seraphim crowned. And lo 1 by these ultara august, tho lifo that is highest wo livo, And aro flllod with tho infinito trust and thopeaoo that tho world cannot givo. " By tho Cliffs of tho Sea" ia a memorial song j for his true friend, tho late Mr. S. Bennett; instinct with tho sadness of the subject, but also as solemnly sweet; and tho whole poem is worthy both of tho living and of tho dead ; for " He who has gono before us" had also tho gift of song in a high degree, and much more so than many who loudly lay olaim to it, with, infinitely less right: To tho high-tho heroic intent Of a Jifo that was ne vor nt rest, Ho hold, wirha courage unspent, ¡ Through the worst of his haya and tho best, Fur back in tho years that nro dead Ho know of tho bitterncs-s cold That saddens with silver tho head. And maKOd a man suddenly old. Tho dignity gracing hio griof Was ever u lesson to me Ho liosuudor blossom and leaf In a grave by tho cliffs of tho soa. ' . .' - Above him tho wandering faeo - ?. Of tho moon ia a loveliness now j And anthems encompass the placo ?. ? , From lutes of tho luminous bough. The forelands are fiery with foam . . Wnoro of ten and often ho roved : Ho sloops in tho sight of tho home That ho built by tho waters he loved. The wave is his fellow at night; And tho sun shining over (ho len, Sheds out nu unspeakable light On this grave by tho cliffs of tho fica. "Names up«n a Stono" will recall to many the Bweet wise-follies P of young love's halcyon days. : There was a rock-pool in a glen Beyond Narrura's sauds; ".. . Tho mouutains shut it in from men In floworful fairy lauds : .But once wo found ita dwelling placo-r Tho lovoly and tho lone; And, in a dream, I stooped to trace Our names upon a stone. Abovo us, whero tho etarliko mois Shone on tho wet green wall That spnnnod tho straitoncd stream acro3s¿- ;? ...- - Wo saw tho waterfall. A silvor singer far away By folded hills and hoar, , Its voico is in the woods to-day A voice I hear no more. An Australian singer naturally finds a theme in lost " Leichhardt" Heard the hyniuB of night imd morning, loamed tho psalm of solitudes : Knew that God waB very near him-fol* His Prosencoin tho woodsl On tho tracts of thirst and furnaco-on tho dumb, blind burning plain Where tho red earth gapes for moisturo and tho wau leaves hiss for rnin. In aland of dry flore* thunder, did ho ovor pauso and dream Of tho cool green Gorman valley and tho singing German stream t , Of tho remaining poems,' "Persia," "Bob," and "Araluen," tho latter especially, will bo favourites with all mothers who arc mothers in feeling as v/oll as in fact; whilst among tho humorous ones, " Peter" decidedly takes the palm, and from its racy characteristic stylo (of black civilisation- Australiensis P)-will probably win tho author moro kudos in England than many of his higher flights; whilst of tho romaining eighteen, "Christmas Crook," ''Lilith," "Mary Rivors," and "Narara Crook," aro all of high order, whilst tho volume, as a whole, givps full proof that New South Wales owns at least ono true singer, to fitly interpret tho whispers of tho woods and waterfalls and grassy solitudes of this most anciont land of tho liviurr world. One of tho surest toat3 of a high state of civil- isation in a pcoplo is tho respect paid to its poots and thinkers, for " man lives not by broad alono," and tho mission of genius is to holp satisfy that yearning for tho " higher lifo" which our inner spirit restlessly craves for, and which no mero worldly success or bodily gratification can over fully satisfy; nnd wore icc snllieiontly civilised, wo should sec our University, lloyal Society, and othor cognato institutions, fooling honoured in inviting our greatest poet to accept any honorary distinction in their power to ofior, whilst tho Grovornment, itself, would insist on his acceptanco of such an honorarium as would insuro his freedom frc m tho moro sordid cares of oxistenco, and give him that loisurod calm of " plain living and high thinking" whioh is tho fit muse of all genius-ex- cept porhaps that of tho very highest-of the Dantes, Miltons, Shakeperes, and Shelleys of the world, whose supreme success is the strong outcome of suffering, or intonso effort, for J Mon aro orndlocl into pootry by wrong And lonni in Hnlforiuir what they toach in song ; and until New South Wales arrives at this point of civilisation, when she fitly honours her heat poets, painters, and thinkers, sho must rest under the imputation of still hoing Booolian enough to love beef and bullocks, with a lovo transcending that .for those noblor aims and ends of lifo, tho fuller appreciation for tho high, priosfc of which made Athens and Home th« centres of tho world of thoughb for all time, and without which no nation is over truly groat nor any individual has a soul fit to bo saved. 