I ABOVE THE SPEAKER. I By Timotheus. ? I " Timotheus placed on high." The Appropriation Bill is in readiness up to date, orders of the day have been discharged from the notice-paper, and preparations generally have been made for a proroga- tion on Thursday, in order that the Houses may be up for the Easter holidays. If Thursday is to be the end, then the end will be a fiasco. There will be no Reform Bill, and no Land Tax Bill either. The readiness of the Government to close must be held to indicate a strong suspicion on the part of Ministers that they will bag neither the one bird nor the other. The law of compensations comes in, however, and if both measures are lost, why hope prompts the cheerful belief that the two may be worked up into a piquant grievance for the delectation of the jaded reform leagues throughout the country. Should events force the session over Easter, the House will have had the gratification of sitting all the year round. Work was commenced on the 11th of May, 1890, and the relaxation since that date has consisted of a general election in July. In this way the blacksmith, when he ceased his daily labours, took his boys out to chop wood, Mr. Longmore's bitter complaint against the Government on Tuesday last was that men who sit on the Bank and make themselves disagreeable to the party are picked out for honours. Now, Mr. Longmore was harassing Ministers from the flank, and generally making himself disagreeable, and Mr. Mirams was aiding and abetting him. Mr. Berry reproached them for so doing, but next day came their reward. The Conference Committee was made up not from the faithful who vote steadily, and give the Ministry no trouble ; these hon. members were passed over, and Mr. Longmore and Mr. Mirams were put in. Thus Mr. Longmore has demonstrated in the most satisfactory manner the truth of his proposition that the way to secure attentions from the Ministry as to threaten to be " off to the other side." To be consistent he should have complained of his own selection while Mr. Johnstone, Mr. Nimmo, and other dutiful voters were passed over, but, like constancy, consistency "dwells in realms above, and Mr. Long- more, when reminded of the circumstance, passed the matter off with that smile that is all his own' the consecration and the poet's dream." The lesson was not altogether thrown away. Mr. Mason has voted with the party for years. His only reward has been that his cab fare is paid out to Kew, official visits to the lunatics being, it is Supposed, congenial to his disposi- tion. On Thursday Mr. Mason told the astonished Chief Secretary that if he and others are not treated with a good deal more consideration in the future than in the past, they will be " off to the other side" the same as Mr. Longmore. Also, Mr Berry's statement was borne out by the event. It was that the leader of the radical party has to put up with a great deal. Considering that Mr. Longmore, who charged ! the Chief Secretary with being " false to the party and " false to the country" the one day, had to be taken into confidential council the next, there is no disputing the position. A great deal had to be put up with in this instance, and as regards Mr. Longmore the question raised by the small boy about learn- ing the alphabet arises whether it was worth while going through so much to obtain so little. He is encouraged to ask for more. But the immediate effect was good for the Chief Secretary. A ballot is the thing to test whether the House is true inwardly to party lines. A scattering of votes has told before now of dissatisfaction secret and busily at work, when the exterior was far more pleasing than it is at present But the vote was straight as a plumb-line, and it was this which made Mr. Berry joyous afterwards. According to the ballot, the division of parties to-day in the House on a real and well-selected test question would be-Opposition, 40 or 41 ; Ministry, 40 or 47. This, as Mr. Berry said at the conference, in a working majority and no more. A defection of three would destroy it. The conference must be regarded as a pleasant interlude in the strife between the two Houses. It is agreeable that members, instead of indulging in taunts in their halls should he exchanging courtesies in a chamber. Sir Charles Sladen is always winning in his manner. And Mr. Berry made manifest that if his lines had been cast in other places he could have flattered a Court as well as he can soothe a democracy. His ready statement that " obstruction " is only a name, and that he recognises that from its own standpoint the Council has always been patriotic, softened the intercourse at once. Mr, Mirams elevated, not his umbrella, but his eyebrows, caught Mr. Longmore a rap with the last named article to arrest his attention, and any one familiar with the art of the reading could not fail to recognise the whispered words, " is not that humbug, now ?" And then Mr. Berry, leaning back in his chair, spoke of all the good he has been contemplating in secrets without any one suspecting So much -for the Council. He related how he has observed with pain the existence of members there without a Minister amongst them. It has given him a pang to find that sometimes the public is worked upon to view these hon. gentlemen with distrust. He wishes them to terminate this unhappy state, to allow two of their number to become Ministers to be themselves the beloved of the ratepayers, and more powerful as a House than the Assembly itself. All that is necessary is that they should end their corporate existence. Spenser's green "The Faery Queen," did not state more convincingly to the Red CroBsKnighthowtheonly way to enjoy life is to end it. The spider in the narrative was not more glowing about the chances of his parlour. Sir Charles Sladen listened attentively, and in a particular sense only he may be said to be " fly." In two important respects the Council's committee is at a disadvantage. As the Upper House asked for the conference, Sir Charles Sladen has to open the case. The Council makes the proposals, and the Assembly listens to them, passing them by, if convenient, without making proposals in turn. Thus the aggressive role is forced upon the Upper House. Again in its innocence the Council appointed a non-party committee. Sir Charles Sladen represents one school, Mr. Cuthbert another, Messrs.. Balfour and MacBain a third, and Mr. Reid a fourth. The four gentlemen named will, as in the discussion on proportional representation, work adversely to Sir Charles Sladen, who, with only Dr. Hearn and Mr. Fitzgerald, to support him, is in a minority at once. The Assembly's committee is formed on another basis. If there is a difference in its r composition it is that the tail is more Berryite than is Mr. Berry, and in effect the committee polls as one man. With I the Council no such concert was palpable. It was obvious that at the end. of the sitting Mr. Cuthbert forced the' hand of the leader, by at once submitting a low rating franchise for consideration, and the Assembly's committee was jubilant, accordingly. The first day's proceedings I should teach a lesson. The one committee ' is practically organised, the other is not. There was no response to the invitation to a appoint a non-party committee, and unless the committee of the Council recognises this fact and drops its differences, so much the i worse it is likely to be for the Upper House. ' Bacon, who knew a great deal about con-' terence, and councils, tells us " a long table and a square table, or seats about the walls, seem things of form, but are things of substance for at a long table a few at the upper end, in effect, away all the business ; but in the other form there is more use of the councillors' opinions that sit lower." The long table in adopted-at the conference in the library wing, which does duty here for the. historic " painted chamber of the Lords, The members of the Assembly take the right and the Council committee the left side. Mr. Berry is well placed, for next to him he has Mr. Vale, with whom he can communicate at pleasure. Sir Charles Sladen is cut off from Dr. Hearn by Mr. Cuthbert. Mem- bers or both Houses have the right of entrance, but there is no accommodation for them. Mr. Bent was present at the proceedings, however, looking remarkably knowing, and Sir John O'Shanassy did not tear himself away in disgust, but contemplated the scene from a corner sofa. The hardy borderer from whom Scott took his Dandie Dinmore was grateful for so much as a look, in his illness the original James Davison said to his minister, "Eh, sir, it's a great mercy that I said be able to look out of window the morn, and get a sight of the hounds. It's just a mercy they sold in this way. 'Twad ha' bin ower muckle for a poor sinner like me to be' expected a Bight on' the tod ; sao thank the Lord for all things." Sir John O'Shanassy Bees the hunting of the pack, though he can take no part in the worry of the bill at the table. The wrath of Sir John O'Shanassy when the announcement was made that the Government had omitted him from the committee which was pronounced. There was hard hitting between him and Mr. Berry upon the occasion, and excitement ran high when the Speaker interfered. The scene must have reminded Mr. Gardiner, who has been reading his Shakspeare, of Richard's action in flinging his warder down when Hereford and Moubray had entered the lists, and the charge had sounded for the combat. Another moment and we should have had the revela- tion. There was a Bad Deed and a False Act, it seems, during the negotiations which look place after Mr. Service fell, and before Mr. Berry took office. All was done in secresy. We have the result before us in the chaotic state of the Roman Catholic party, and in another moment we should have known everything. The Speaker must beastudentof theioitrfon/oiírnaí or of the kindred miscellanies, where the moment of interruption is studied as an art The ghost advanced, and, raising its long attenuated fingers, slowly said To be continued in our next." And so the excitement is maintained as to what is to follow. It was too bad of Mr. Lalor to interrupt, for when he were not a wig he was more delighted with " wigs on the green than any other member. And this Catholic party ghost will have its Bay some day for all the interference of the hon. gentleman. For that essay on " Ingratitude," which Sir Bryan O'Loghlen is supposed to be writing, he will have ample material. He saved the Radical party by becoming its Attorney-General at a crisis and by winning West Melbourne for them. And the other day, after one of his quarrels with Mr. Vale, he was trounced in the radical press, not simply for alleged misbehaviour in the present but for "blundering" in office in the past. Yet " blundering " was not Sir Bryan's failing so much as that he permitted plundering " by others. He never profited by the misuse of the Government telegrams. And those who abused his confidence then abuse him now. Friendless on the Opposition side, and taunted from the other. " Deserted at his utmost need By those his former bounty fed," I it is impossible not to admire the gallantry with which Sir Bryan faces the hostile House. - 