JAMES CLARENCE MANGAN. (The Dublin Poet and Opium-eater) his life, poetry and death. 'Continuation of MitchcVs narrative . To proceed with the few and meagre records of his remaining days : It was the time of penny journals. There were the " London Penny Journal" and the " Dublin Penny Journal" and the " Irish Penny Journal." To the two latter Maugan made frequent contribu tions ; but he never sent a line of his verses for publication in any London periodicals — perhaps through diffidence, not feeling confidant that any production of his could satisfy the critical taste of the step-sister island. Afterwards he be came a regular contributor to the " Dublin University Magazine," in whos9 pages appeared the most and best of his beautiful translations ; and other pieces purporting to be translations from the German, Irish, Persian, Spanish or Coptic, and so forth. In 1812 was commenced the " Nation" weekly newspaper ; and as national poems, especially ballads, were to be a regular feature of that publication, and no one in Ireland knew better all the mooas oi tne lrisn narp man mangan, a large number of his finest compositions for five years appeared in the colnmus of the " Nation." It was in the office of that journal his present biographer made his acquaintance ; a feat not easily to be accomplished, for Mangan had a morbid reluctance to meet new people, or to be "introduced." The thing was accom- plished, however, and when, in the. end of the year 1817, I thought proper to. break off my connection with the " Nation," Mangan and also Reilly at tached themselves to me, and followed my fortunes — or, to speak more ac curately, misfortunes. Clarence Mangan never wrote another line for the "Nation," nor,, dnring the short career of the " United Irishman," for any other pub lication than this. In the continual movements of politi cal associations, whether under O'Con- neil, or under the auspices of those im mortal youngsters, called the " Young Ireland Par-'y," Mangan never took any ostensible part ; yet when he, in com mon with most other men, believed that a mortal struggle was approaching, and already imminent, he became vehemenily excited. Whatever relic of manly vigor and force of character was still left living amidst the wrecks and rains of the man seemed to flare up ; for his history and fate were, indeed, a type and shadow of the land he loved so well. The very Saul of his melody is that plaintive and passionate yearning which breathes and throbs through all the music of Ireland. Like Ireland, his gaze was ever backward with vain and' feeble complaint for vanished years. Like Ireland's, bis light flickered upward for a moment, and went out in the blackness of darkness. It was 1848, one of the dreadful years of the famine in Ireland ; and it began to be stated distinctly by the Ministerial journals of London that the newspaper named the " United Irishman, an avowed organ of insurrection, would snortiy oe crusnea Dy a uuwammDu secutiou. Mangan thereupon wrote the following letter ; to reprint it here is distinctly egotistical, and the excuse is that this letter was the only expression (in prose) of the writer's political senti ments, which I have ever seen or heard of:_" To the Editor of the "United Irishman." — My Dear M, — There is a rumor in circulation that the Govern ment intend to commence a pro-eemion auaiost you. Insignificant an individual as I am, and unimportant to society as my political opinions may be, I, nevertheless, owe it not merely to the kindness you have shown me, but to the cause of my country, to assure you that I thoroughly sympathise with your sentiments, that I identify my views of public- affairs with yours, and that I am prepared to go all lengths with von and vour intrepid o — J friend, Devin Reilly, for the achievement of our national independence. I mean to write to you in a few days a long letter, explanatory of the course which I think it becomes the duty of Irish patriots to pursue at the present eventful epoch. Meanwhile you are at liberty to make what use you please of this preliminary communication, — Yours in life and death, Jas. Clarence Mangan." Welcome as this letter was, and not a litt'e touching as comiDg from him, the truth of history compels me to declare that it did not intimidate the British Go vernment much. " The long letter, ex planatory," never came to hand ; unless, iudeed, in the process of writing, it ar- ranged itseli in rnyme, arrayea useii in rich motaphor and allegory, and made its appearance in the form of those noble lines entitled " Irish National Hymn." The desolate writer was by this time too much enfeebled in mind and body to think or act per sistently in any matter whatever, but to the last he could sing. About this time he often visited the office of the " United Irishman," in Trinity-street ; and if his present bio grapher chanced to be found alone, the visitor would sometimes remain in con versations, or, more properly, in discourse, of his own, for an hoar ; for though extremely silent, shy and reserved ha bitually, yet with those in whom the confided he was much given to strange and desultory talk, which seemed like the soliloquy of a somnambulist. His blue eyes would then dilate and light up strangely the sepulchral pallor of his face. His manner and voice were always extremely gentle ; and I never heard him blame anybody but himself. Neither did he speak much of his own utter misery and desolation ; but it was easy to perceive that his being was all drowned in the blackest despair ; he had reached that dismal point of remedi less misery, described so terribly by the grim Roman satirist, when the soul can but say to itself — " Imus, imus jwaccipites !" He saw the spirit, too, and received unwelcome visits from his dead father, whom he did not love. Yet, something saved him from in sanity ; perhaps it was religion. I am not aware that at this time he had any practical connection with his church— he was a Catholic — but there was always present with him a devotional sentiment and a humble and contrite heart. Before his death, too, he showed more profound interest in matters of faith, by more frequently translating Catholic liTTniwe otkI noronlirftoirifr QpVl nl 11VOG By some tie or other he did assuredly hold on to his anchorage npon the firm grounds of reason, and did not drift into unknown seas. " Every man holds, chained up within him, a madman so it is written ; and nothing is more fearful than to watch in some men how perilously their maniac inmates tag at the chain, and to think " If a link should break now ?" The life of such a being is the life of Homer's mariners rushing through a stormy sea at twelve knots in the dead of the night — "Daidistes tuthon gar rip -ek danatoio phurontai." Inside you have still a cabin-lamp burning, air to breathe and human companionship, without the infinite black waste of the roaring, ravening sea, and between these, trembling and creak ing, a half-inch plank ; let the plank but start, and your lamp and life are extin guished in the foaming whirl. Poor Siangan's lamp, though often sadly dimmed by thick vapors of sickness, horror and shame, yet burned still (somewhat blue) and lighted his pathway1 to the grave. And this was not far now. The last tiauao iiunu luuiu utuuoo iu hull auy human interest or hope was lost. He still haunted the newspaper offices; for some money must be had for bread, or, indeed, for whisky — the proportions of these two necessaries of life being much the same as Falstaff's ; and in the month of June of that rueful year — let John Savage describe for us. A crooked little street, called ' ' Trinity," off one of the greatest thorough fares of the city. The propellers of the excitement which moves thecity and coun try have their being in this crooked little street, famous in Irish history, in the shape of two journals, the " Irish Tribune" and " Irish Felon," both preaching the same creed and rivals only in their devotion to it. Oat of either of these officers— they are side by side-like brothers in a fight — we perceive a strange-looking indi vidual has glided, even as a shadow on a wall. " That shy abstracted-looking man has held not the least powerful talisman by which a nation is moved. We must lnnl.- nf. him mnrii minnf.Alr. He is about the middle size, and glides more than walks, yet at that is but infirm. He stoops and is abstracted. A threadbare dark coat — is it brown or black ? — buttoned up to the throat, sheathes his attenuated body. His eye is lustrously mild and beautifnlly blue, and. his silver white locks surround, like a tender halo, the once beautiful, and now pale and intellectual, face of the prematurely aged man before us. He glides along and through the people who are naturally attracted to this locality, as if he did not belong to the same earth with them. Nor does he. His steps seem as if they were not directed by any thought, . but mechanically wended their way to this wretched abode." " Tt And so he glided and wended his way, longing for " the Angel Death." No one wish of his heart was ever fulfilled, no aspiration satisfied. He passionately lntr.a/1 oil emKfo and armnda nf nn.fnra OIQULD tJA44 V yet his hard fate held him chained in the dreariest haunts of a crowded city all his life. He pined to sit under the shade j of tropic trees, or to sweep the great I desert on a barb from Alexandria ; yet he never left Ireland, never, perhaps, penetrated farther into the country than the hills of Wicklow. And now his life - was wasted and gone ; the very powers of intellect and imagination, wherein be could freely live and move " twenty golden years ago," now lying darkened and bound in the torpor produced by a horrible drug — the soul that once could soar and dwell alone now at last weighed down and haibtated by the miserable body to which it was chained— what could be . wished for him hut freedom from that bond ? Some friends lie still had, who regarded him with a reverential compassion and wonder, and would Have felt pride in giving him a shelter and a home. But sometimes he could not be found for weeks ; and then he'would're- appear like a ghost, br a ghoul, with a wilderness in his blue glittering eye, as of one who had seen spectres ; and noth ing gives so ghastly an idea of his con dition of mind as the fact that the insane orgies of this rarely-gifted creature were transacted in the lowest and obscurist taverns, and in company with the offal of the human species. From this thought one turns with a shudder. John O'Daly, a bookseller in -Anglesea- street, was warmly attached to him. O'Daly is a fair Irish scholar ; and it is oiuujui. tuttu XLLauo »tuu una gtvcui nuo most exquisite metrical versons of Irish ballads, thoroughly instinct, too, with the Gaelic idioms and spirit, never him self could read a word of Irish. Either O'Daly, or else Eugene Cnrry, or John O'Donovan, of the Royal Irish Academy, used to fnrnish him with literal prose translations. Dr Anster and Dr Petrie retained their generous friendship for him to the last ; but they could do nothiug for him ; he was out of the reach of help — he would not dwell with men, or endure decent society ; they could only look on in pity and wonder. Another warm admirer and attached friend was Joseph Brenan ; his brother, and yet more than brother, to whom he addressed the touching verses which are to be found iu this collection. Brenan was one of the brightest and boldest of the young men whom that unhappy country, then in the vortex of her fate, swept along and carried down with her. His own destiny was a strange one ; he labored for years afterwards in a strange land, and is buried on th6 banks of the Mississippi. At last, one morning in June, 1849, the news spread abroad amongst the literary persons of Dublin that Clarence Mangan was dead, had died in a hospi tal, ntterly destitute — destitute, but not deserted. He had suffered dreadfully from an attack of cholera, brought on, they say, by a lack of proper nourish ment, and was nearly at the la9t stage when his friends found him. In the short biographical sketch prefixed to O'Daly's " Poets and Poetry of Minister" is this short memorandum : A short time before his death, his constitution was greatly weakened by an attack of cholera. On his recovery (?) we found him in an obscure house in Bride-street, and, at his own request, pro- nnvfl/1 orlmicainn fnv Vnm fn flvn "WaofTi Hospital, on the 13th of June, 1849, where he lingered for seven days, and died on the 20th." During this interval he was assiduously waited on by a few friends ; and Mr Meehan, a good priest — who had always appreciated him as a poet, loved him as u man, and yearned over him as a soul in the jaws of perdition — anxiously and affectionately sought to console him in his last hours. The poor patient never repined, never blamed an unjust world, constantly thanked his friends for their, attentions, and apologised earnestly for the trouble he was giving. . At his own request, they read him, during his last moments, one of the Catholic penitential hymns ; and so that gentle spirit passed. His remains lie in the cemetery of Glasnevin, a suburb on the northern confines of Dublin ; where there is not, so far as I have learned, a stone to mark his last abode. Mitchel is here in error ; a modest tomb being erected over ' the poet's grave. Assuredly he did not covet monuments, or a laurelled bust ; craved but a resting-plac6 in his mother AovfVi an/1 Annlrl If nnaf nrrm nnnl/I GMIWA y WUW «w U1U, « content himself with that kind of im morality of which the dying flower of Rueckert so sweetly sang in death, or with the "Poet's Consolation" of Eoerner — What, though no maiden's tears ever be Bh9d O'er my clay bed, Yet will the generous night never refuse jlo weep lis aews. And though no friendly hand garland the cross Above my moss, Still will the dear, dear moon tenderly shine Down on that sign. And if the sannterer-by songlessly pass Through the long grass, There will the noontide bee pleasantly hnm, And warm winds come. Yob. Yon at least, ye dells, meadows and streams, Stars and moon-beams, Will think on him whose weak.Jmerriless lays Teemed withyonr praise." The»e lines are Siangan's own translation of Koerner. 