HEATHCOTE POLICE COUlT. Friday, February .18th, 1881. (Before A: Wyatt, Esq . P.1., the lMayor. and R. Cocks, A. L. Wilton, M. Lions, W. Youle, Von-der- Luft. and F. West blade, Esqs., J..P's.) Martin Toohey v. Jas. DMDonald.-Claimn for £4 due for work and labour done. Mr Scott. for defendant. Plaintiff claimed £4 10s for plongliing 4 and a half acres of land, allowing 10s as a set-off for food whilst doing the work. In answer to Mr. Scott he said the meals were such as.ten shilling would cover; he also said he .never made any arrangement to take the crop as payment for the labour. James MPDonald deposed: I am a farmer residing at Glenhope, and at present an inmate of the Heatlcote Hospital. I made no bargain with Toohey to nay him a pound an acr ; I c.-rsider 15s per acre sufllicient for the work done. I consider the meals plaim tiff had were worth £1 7s. I am willing to pay at Ihis rate,--one- half when the crop. is threshed, the renmrinder in a further instalment at two months. Verdict for £' 19s, and 10s costs, im mediate yayment decreed Caroline Taylor v. G. Hurdle.-Charge of unlawful assault. and also an. applica tion t>bind ove-rdefenlant tp k.ep the peace. Mr. Scott for plaintiff; Mr. Hornohiekle for defendanrt. Plaintiff deposed : I remember Satur day last. I was in my bedroom sleeping with my aittle girl of 11) years. when thi.. defed;ant, who is my brother, canme in and deliherat-ly struck me in the face,. using bad language at the same time. Lateriti thle dlay L met him a ain, when Ire struck me and knocked -ne down. bruising my arm, badly ; he kept abusina me till lie eot me inside my iin. house. My tw, girls saw him ill- treating me. To MIr Hornbnegrle: it is not a fart that the asaault was committed because I was accused of adultery. My brotler bhlamed me because lie saw a men. going oger he fence, but lie did not accuse me before Ie struck' ae. My brother came to Mrsa SSmithl's the. same afternoon and deliberately struck me. and dragged rime home. I was not dra k at the time. My husband obtained an order from this banch to prevent publican.s serving me with liquor. I was not drunk nor was \frs. Smith when my brother came and struck. ue. When he canme into m3 bed room Ire said "iCaroline, are you asleep P" anti struck me. I was perfectly sober at the time. I beiiaeve my husb:aad was in the kitchen. My brthaer was? under tihe influence of liquor when he struck me Ann Smith deposed: I know Mrs. Taylor. I.racollect Saturlay. the 12th The defendant, on that evening.a saulted her near my place, and att-rmotedl to strike me. He corntinrued beating her. and dragging her towards her own house. I cannot say whether ihe was drunk or not;. Ire was- more like a madman. I only saw hir a few seconds, and then went to to the camp to tell tle .sergeant. He ealled mer a b- y old w--e: I saw defendant beating Mrs. Taylor while shie was on the ground To Mr. Hornbackie: Defendant cal:ed Mrs. Taylor a whore, and said he would kill her before the morning. 'I am not aware that Mr. Taylor obj.,cts to my associating with his wife. It is not a fact that I was waiting at the corner of the fence to give the wordi when Taylor was coming home. I saw Hurdle lying dead Irunk near Mrs. Taldor's fence that morning. and Taylor spoke to him, and tihey bntot went to the house tog.tlher. My reason for being about Taylor's house so early in the morning was be cause I heard loud talking at his house, and went up there. I think Mrs. Taylor might have been more careful in her conduct. I am ofien up early in the morning-at three o'clock, and at other times during the night; I am what is called "the walking ghost." It is Government ground, and I can go when I like. I *m not aware that a relative of my own has been accused of improper intimacy with Mrs Taylor. (Some of the answers ziven by the witness almost convulsed the court with laughter). To the Bench : I could not say whether Mrs. Taylor was drunk or sober that afternoon, when Hurdle struck her. (T'he Police Magistrate at this stage said the witness was so plainly prevaricating in thin matter that lie would consult with his colleagues as to conmmnitting her to prison, in case-she would not answer the question straiglhtforwarly. As witness still persisted in repeating her former answer, she was committed to prison for 48 hours. Before the rising of the court, having apologised to the bench, she was liberated, after being cautione,li. Elizabetlh .ary Taylor, a child, being examined as to the nature of an oat ,, deposed: I am d uihter of Mrs. Taylor, and step daughter to Mr. Taiylo . Re member Saturday afternoon last I saw Hurdle strike my mother in the face on the road; he cas?a into the house with her and struck her again, and said lihe would sharpen the carving- knife and put it thronuh her. He was drunk. To Mr. liornbuckle: I heard Hurdle trying to get my mother away from Smith's. Mrs. Smith was not drunk. The Police Magistrate commented severely on bringing such a young child into court to give evidence as to her mother's degradation ; lihe said it reflected no credit on the legal profession to bring such evidence. Mr. Hornbucklesaid that consideration had caused him to refrain from gross examining the child. On the part of his client lie admitted the offence, but pleaded extenuating circumstances on mitigation of penalty. Hie pointed out that Hurdle was naturally and justly in ceased at the conduct of his sister, de grading as it did himself and her hus band, from the latter of whom tie received many kindnesses. In his anger his feel ings had got the better of him, and he expressed sorrow for his violence. Fined £t, and £1 7s 6.1 costs, An application to bind ov-r the defen dant was decisively refused by the bench. Mr. S ott called atten ion to what he considered a breach of confidence on the part of a fellow practitioner, Mr Morg in. In a case recently heard in that court Ml'Carthy v. Andrews-an agreement had been made between plaintiff and de fendant that payment should be made bv an order on the Catho:ic clergyman, Fathner Carolin, who, Andrews said, owed him money. Mr, M'L'artlhy promised to accept this, but yet his solicitor (Mr. Morgan) bad caused an execution to issue at the end of the six days that were allowed for payment of the d .bt. Mr. Morgan said the order had been given and received without his know ledge, and as rno record of it had been left with thel Clrik of Court he took out an execution in due course, when the time. had expired. Since then, he had found that the order was. a fraudulent one, as Father.Carolin had toldihium he did not owe )hle money to Andrrss, . Tfid'Police Mfagihsrate said that Mr. Morgi?ti had not in any manner over: step?pled his duty in the matter. 