ORIGINAL POETRY • THE CRUCIFIXION. The cruel work was done. The angry crowd With ruthless haste had brought Him forth to die; And now that in the golden light of morn The awful cross its living burden bore, They stood aside to watch, as if they knew No deed or word of His deserved such fate. Nay! some among that waiting crowd could tell Of wondrous acts, which made them half afraid That even now their victim might escape And, with one final effort, save Himself. But no! the moments fled, and left Him still Exposed to their derisive taunts and rage. In silent patience He endured it all, Save for the prayer of calm nobility— " Forgive them; for they know not what they do." No ciy of pain, nor yet a last appeal To human hearts for pity, or a glance Of mute reproach, and merited rebuke, That such return should meet His life of love. No words but those of self-forgetfulness That felt a mother's desolated grief More keenly than inflaming wounds of nails And unprotected head, where twisted thorns And shadeless sun had done their work of woe. But as the slowly-dragging morning passed, One voice, which earlier had added sneers To all the tumult of their sated rage, Grew quiet; and the soul, untouched by pain, Or moved by near approach of certain death, Was awed; and conscience, roused to truthfulness, Repenting, found its need of humble prayer To Him whose grand forbearance reached his heart. Though on a cross—fatigued, despised, and scoraed— He yet as King bestowed the boon desired. At noon the sky was overspread; on earth Was midnight gloom; and all the crowd was hushed To frightened silence. Such thick darkness fell Amid the splendor of that glowing sun, As made them wait in dread to know the end Of this most strange event. No mere eclipse That for a space obscured the light of day; But darkness hid the cross, as if the heavens Had hearts to feel the need of Him thereon, So covered up His woe from curious eyes That seemed to have no thought of humanness. Anu there alone, concealed by awful gloom He died, and with His latest breath proclaimed His life-work done! He died ? Nay ! rather say " He yielded up the ghost." For here no man With universal human helplessness Had failed to live; and, like the rest of men, Had been compelled to bid farewell to earth. No martyr He, who for his cause beloved Had dared to die, but not deny his faith. But here, as man, the Christ of God resigns The temple, by His use made evermore A sacred form that wins our hearts' regard. His years of human life had fully taught The misery of earth; its griefs, its snares; While in His hands our nature grew akin To that first man whom God created " good." His purity, His words, His every act Are our example that we need not sin Because of our temptations; for the same He here repelled, and so can better know The keenness of the strife in which we fall. And when the time was come that He could look On all the toil of years, each one a source Of never-ceasing pain to His pure soul, In sights and sounds of sin ; and, looking, say The work "is finished," He released Himself And left His mortal home, where He had borne Our griefs, and suffered for our sins, that we In other worlds might live a God-blessed life That runs its peaceful course from age to age, Nor knows the taint of sin, or aught but joys Which fill with fresh delight the mind that here Tries vainly to think out the bliss of heaven. THALIA CUBTIS. December 8th, 1878. 