TALIV OF THE BAY. What there is about the House of Commons that should make it an object of ambition to belong to it is a question not easily decided by an acquaintance with, tbe institution itself or by a perusal of the reports of its proceedings. Nevertheless the World says that successful Equatl-ers, like tbe old Indian nabobs of a former generation, who invested tbeir savings in rotten boroughs, are infected with this ambition. Apropos of Sir Samuel Wilson, this journal says the presence at fiughenden of a member of a clasB of men whom tbe late Earl regarded with horror might be likely to disturb his ghost; but speaks of squatters with a certain generous appreciation as lucky and self - made men, who when they return to England, resemble the squires of a past generation in tbeir Unreasoning Conservatism and strange talk. Their sons are spoken of as if they were a pretentious and offensive sort of touts, possessing tbe wealth without the merits of their fathers ; while the tactio3 of the family are regarded as lovely and insipid, and Australia is congratulated £on not having as yet felt t>ie influence of the second generation of a "squattero-cracy." Now, though this sort of writing may do a great deal of good to people who are wise enough to benefit by the reproofs of those who speak as enemies, yet it seems hardly polite to let drive at a large class of people in this fi&y; in connection merely with a lease, and an election affecting one of them. This is an unmannerly and unkind sort of article, and calculated to confine the squatter to his sheep-run, and prevent his going to England at all. "^"Jj] The Fenian or Land League vote, which is so powerful in an English borough if parties happen to be nearly balanced, is not so effective in an Irish constituency. It was not so in Tyrone, nor in the municipal elections at Cork, nor in Londonderry. It is evident chat, in tbe towns of Ireland, a party of order is forming composed of persons who, whether Liberal or Conservative, feel bound to support tbe Government candidate, who is of course a Liberal, just because be is the Government candidate. It must be felt by many that the only chance of rescuing the country from anarchy is to strengthen the Government irrespective of party, and to render hopeless any Land League triumph by keeping out the man for whom the Leaguers vote, whatever his politics may be. The more the country is given up to riot and murder the more support the Government seems to get in the towns. When we are discussing Jcity improvements it is as well to avoid weakminded idolization of Adelaide as a city. One or two symptoms of this have appeared of late in remarks of correspondents in the papers and in signatures to letters about roadways. One writer signs himself " A Citizen of no Mean City," and another speaks of this place as " The Queen City of the South." Anything like worshipping a town is a dangerous and misleading and selfish form of idolatry, even when the town lias great merits; but when the town is very defective it is still worse to make a god of it, because improvement is thereby checked. Beyond its wide streets and good approaches and large parks, there is not much to admire, and there is a great deal to be ashamed of in Adelaide. The architecture of some of the public buildings is quite painful, and in tbe construction of the private buildings tbere has not been so much of genius as to make tbem suitable to the climate, which inviteB a totally different style of building. The pavements in placfs are infamous, tbe lighting bad, the smells nasty, the drainage experimental, and there are other things to be ashamed of. In time we may get the place decent and comfortable, no doubt; but it won't do even then to make a golden calf of it. 