^^jj *tWty& ^nn^^lM/ *t T BROKEN ON THE WHEEL; OB, THE STORY OF A 'WIFE; A NEW NOVEL. ^ BY WM. C. HONEYMAN, (Avtiwr of 'For Fame,' kIMy, the Ebnt wMte.' ' Base Coin' $c. [Published by special arrangement with the Author. All Bights Beserred.] PitimniTnr— 'Tnnir AET THE Man.' ? Thornley turned with a powerful start, so sadden had been Dan's approach, but he calmed down quickly when the clear moon light revealed only tuefaaailiax features of the surJy gioom. A. moment more and the troubled Jookcime back to his pale, in scrutable face. There was s rude arrogance in Dan's tone so unlike his usual sulky cringing that set his heart beating with an instinctive foreboding of eviL ' Say away then, Dan/- he said, stepping short and affecting to yawn. ' It is late bow, and I am very tired.' . 'Not here,' said Dan, leaving oat the obsequious 'sir,' and speaking more like a commander than a suppliant. 'Some one might bo listening, and that would be dangerous— for you.' The last two words were so significantly uttered that Thornley stood staring keenly and searchingly into Dan's heavy feature 3 for a full moment in silence. 'Forme?' he echoed at last, with the merest trace of agitation discernible in his tones. ' What do you mean by that ? Am I in danger?' ' You know you are,' said Dan boldly, returning the keen stare with interest. 'I've been watching you ever since yoa came to Sunny Bank to-day when you was sent for. Your face was quiet and pious, and everybody said how good and -kind you was, but I looked through it all, better than even the senseless dog did, and' I've come to talk to you.' ' I shall be glad to hear anything you may wish to say,' said Thornley. 'Every one is evidently in bed here, but you may come in.' He quietly opened the gate and strode up the path to the j orch of the manse, and Dan -followed, grinning to himself in triumph. ' I knew he'd cave in. I knew he was a miserable coward at the best,' was his mental comment. 'If I don't pay him off — torture him and wring the very heart's blood out of him— may I die in the place he should occupy, that's all.' Thornley admitted himself with a latch key, and led the way to his study, merely glancing down impatiently when Dan's heavy hobnails made more noise on the floor than was desirable at such a late hour. ? In the study, when a light had been struck and the door closed, Thornley pointed coldly to a roomy, softly-cushioned morocco covered chair, in which many a sermon had been composed, which Dan proceeded with great zest to occupy. Then the minister planted himself in front of the empty fire place, and proceeded to thoughtfully trim his nails with a pen-knife, leaving his rude visitor to shape words and begin his state ments entirely unassisted. Dan understood the move perfectly, but only chuckled roughly, and blurted out — 'They're all lamenting Di. Malcolm's death, and the accident that did it. It ir wasn't no accident.' The pretty pen-knife shook a little in the muuBusris iisuiu, uuii iuo lxuu aeb ie&iures; remained unchanged. 'Indeed? How so?' 'You're overdoing that, minister,' said Ban, impatiently, 'for if you didn't know all about it, you d have jumped up and eaid, ' Good heavens 1 you don't say so?' or some eich thing. You're a miserable bad actor.' 'Goon, please,' said Thornley, losing h:s .calmness somewhat. ' Xiet the 4bus3 stand aside for a little, and give us the argu ment. What makes you think it was no accident ?' 'A message which I had from Dr. Mal colm iimself.' 'From the land of spirits, I suppose?' eaid Thornier, with a sneer. 'No, from the: land of the living,' snap pishly retorted Dan. 'The doctor wasn't Killed dead at once, as you ought to know. Fact, he only died when I lifted him off the sharp stones where I found him.' ** Well ?' Thomley's calmness was all gone now ; the pen-knife neglected in his hand ; and his scared .glance fixed on Dan's face. - .'You know what a clever head that pony, Mary, had, like all horses that have . been in a circus,' continued Dan, impres sively. ' It was her, in fact, that showed me where the doctor was lying. Well, when she came in firet — all of a tremble, '- and ttood at-her stable door waiting lor '' me to let her in, there was a paper fastened to the reins, -with a message on it.' ' A message on it ? I don't believe it 1' shouted Thornley, in a parorvsm of passion. ' What was it written with ?' \- ' A dying man's finger,' cried Dan,' lean ing forward in great excitement, and chain ing Thornley with his eyes. 4rShall Ishow you what the message was like?' ; Thormey nodded faintly, holding hard by the mantelpiece, and staring at l)an with distended eyes. Then the groom quickly approached 'the pretty presentation ink stand on the table, snatching up a sheet of sermon paper as he did so, ana chucking' open the lid of one of the cut crystal int bottles containing zed ink, he coolly dipped in his thick: finger, Baying—' The message -was written in red, but it was blood in stead of ink. I've got the paper safe some where, but I'll make you a copy,' and with methodical slowness, while Thornley bent forward, with eyes protruding and hands clasped, like a statue of fear and despair, Dan slowly traced three words, and then held them up to the light, where they read thus-.— ' MtfUDEEED UY ThOENLEY.' The sight of the three great clumsy- words in crimson was too much for Thornley. His tottering knees gave way, and the next moment he 'was cowering, with covered eyes, on the hearth-rug, with a deep groan of contrition, which made his accuser open bis eyes in astonishment. ' 1 did not mean to kill the old man, or even to lay hands on him,' groaned the stricken man. ' I could swear that before God.' ' Everybody that is had up and hanged has eome story of that kind to tell,' said Dan, remorselessly. ' You did it, and Dr. Malcolm, with his last bit of strength, declared you did it, and that's enough to convict you.' 'Mercy, Dan, mercy!' cried Thornley, scrambling across the carpet on his knees, and clasping the rough groom desperately round the legs. ' No one knows of this unfortunate encounter but you. Have mercy on me and let it remain a secret.' 'Mercy on you, you villain! What mercy did you show to me ?' retorted Dan, becoming suddenly infuriated, and hurling the clinging arms from him with resistless force. ' I'm not all bad as people think. I felt like turning over a new leaf, and pulling up and being a steady, well-doing man, when I got to know Maggie Forest. I never knew what it was to care for a girl till I met her. Her soft words and her devotion and goodness made me her slave, and she could have twisted me round her little finger — made me a different man, when you, you white-livered traitor, got me had up for poaching; and then when I was in prison, unable to pay the fine, you set her agen me with your smooth tongue ; said she would never be out of misery if she had me ; and she went away and died before I had the chance to put things right. I had it all from her in the letter she wrote before she died. You know it's true.' ' I know it is true,' faintly returned the grovelling man, ' and I am sorry for the mischief I have done.' \- ' But you did it — coolly anddelibarately — and all out of revenge, because I had spoken against you, and called you the villain you are ; thinking you would crush me, and get me to . leave the place,' furiously continued Dan. 'But I didn't leave the place — I waited and watched for the time to come when I could pay you back, and now I've got the chance, and ! mean to use it.' ' 'You mean to denounce me ?' ' No ; what good would that do to me? You'd soon be dead, while I must live on, moping and thinking what I might have been. No; that wouldn't satisfy me. I must have my full swing of revenge— give you as much as you've given me. . From this night you're to be my slave — do you hear me? — my slave! Nobody saw the message come with the ponj but . little Joey, Jim Jenkins's boy, and he has no idea that it was a message. The secret is mine, and mine only, and I mean to torture yoa as long as ever I can, and then when you're nearly dead with it denounce you after all ! That's my revenge,' and to illustrate his power Dan crossed the room and kicked the cowering minister with all his strength, and then said imperatively, ' You're my slave, mind! Kiss my boot,, you villain — kiss it quick, or I may change my mind and denounce you now 1' Dan had stumbled on the word 'slave' by the merest accident, but if he had been familiar with every one in the language he could not have chosen one more expres sive. With a whine of. gratitude the stricken man crawled forward on the car pet, in obedience to the groom's imperative command, and, stooping down, kissed abjectly the coarse, hobnailed, and muddy boot whose weight he had felt a moment before. 'I will do anything for secrecy and to atone for the wrong I have done you,' he brokenly said, without raising his eyes. 'I will be rich shortly — that is, when I am married — and any reasonable sum which you choose to name I will give cheerfully.' Dan, who had exacted the humiliating tribute merely out of a mischievous Bpirit -of bravado which inspired him at the mo ment, turned away almost sickened with disgust at the cringing concession and j tempting promise. 'I'd have respected you more if you'd got up and tried to hit' me in the face,' he growled, with intense loathing. 'I didn't believe till now that sich a miserable coward cradled the earth. But look youl though I hate you for all you've doae to me, I'm not going to bring myself down to your level. Don't think it ! Dan Lester's a brute, maybe, as I've often heard folks eay, and ignorant, and everything that's bad, but he isn't down so far as to finger a penny of the money you've murdered for. Not keep the money you get with Miss Hilda ! use it as you please, but don't dare again to offer me a penny of it. How you can bring yourself to .make that inno cent girl your wife, after taking the life of her poor old father ? ' 'Hush, Dan ! for heaven's sake,' cried Thornley, starting up and laying a pleading hand on Dan's moleskins. ' Hush P some one might hear '.' *Well, though they did hear, what would it matter to me/' said Dan, with supreme contempt. 'Don't know but what I should give Miss Hilda a hint as to the kind of husband she's going to get; just to save her. If she marries you, and then finds out what you've done, finds that she's tied to the man who killed her father, shell have a nice happy lot.' 'No, no, Dan! You said you would spare me, cried Thornley, again wringing his hands. ' Let the past be buried. I am not bo wicked — I have only been unfortu nate, and have let myself drift with the current instead of boldly fighting it. I will atone for all in goodness and kindness to her; for .she ia the only being I ever loved; You can understand .that; you that have lost one. Yon would not itvve her and me to suffer as you have' done ?' ; ' I would have you to suffer worse than any torture which can come after you're dead!' said Dan, with rekindling fury, 'and I will make you suffer it. But her? I don't know what I may do about her, and I'll never tell you either till' it's done. I'll haunt you like a shadow, and maybe nip the prize out of your teeth the moment you think you're going to grasp it. I've no spite agen Miss Hilda,, goodness knows, for«he never gave me a hard word or a sour look ; and that's saying a lot.' ' But you will have mercy and keep the secret from her,'' iterated the clergyman; ' I will support you for life— do anything you demand.' - . ' 'Of course, you'll support ine— keep me on as your gardener, or groom, or some thing, but I'll work for every bite I eat, mind,' said Dan. ' I won't touch money with blood on it ; but I must be close to you every day of your life, to be abte to threaten and torture you. I wonder how many years of it you'll stand?' '?-. Such a look of diabolical exultation passed across Dan's face, as he threw out the conjecture, that Thornley shuddered and mentally repeated the question to him self. The merest whim of his tormentor might at any moment ruin him ; his -whole life would he a continual dread ;~ and there was no demand, however, absurd or in satiable, which Dan might make to which he must not slavishly accede. ' There is no mercy in that, Dan,' he faintly remonstrated at last. ' It will be a living death to me.' ' Yes, and that's only fair,' said Dan, harshly. ' I don't make no professions of mercy ; I ask no price for my silence ; so you can take the chance or throw it off; whichever suits you best. My whole life has been speiled'by you; it's only fair that yours should be spoiled by me. Could anything be fairer than that.' ' 5Tes ; that is not the Christian way . of retaliating,' said Thornley, for a moment forgetting himself and speaking glibly, .as if admonishing one of his parishioners. 'You could act fairer by returning good for evil.' 'Shut up now! None of that nonsense wi' me ; I can stand anything but preach ing from you, and I shall never see you lift your hands to preach but I shall think I see the blood dripping off them!' exclaimed Dan, with hands upraised in manifest dis gust. 'If it was little Jpey now — inno- cent, soft-speaking little Joey, reading the thing out of one of his story-books— I could listen to it, and maybe try to /put it in practice, but I can't do that with' you, wicked body and soul, and I only came here to-night and waited for you -eo that you shouldn't have one single sound sleep with out the haunting thought of me knowing all about your crime, and being ready at any moment to shout it out to .the police and everybody. Good- night. I' hops if there's such things as ghosts or haunting spirits that Dr. Malcolm will come to your bedside and stand there all night, with a wet finger trying to write his message on your forehead, so that every one may read it there.' ' It is only when you have intended to kill that it is called murder,' feebly returned Thornley, shivering under the denunciation. ' If you will listen for a moment I will tell you how it happened.' 'Don't,' said Dan, shortly and determin edly. ' I won't listen to it. I've enough of yourhorriblesecretonmy mind already. I'm not accustomed to keeping secrets. I plump everything out straight, and I don't believe that, even for the sake of punishing you, I shall be able to keep this one above a week, so make the most of your time. Live every day as if it was your last one in free dom, and be sure that the moment you commit suicide the whole truth will be told.' ' You are merciless as Satan,' said Thornley, with a deep sigh. 'Yes, I'm a devil — or rather I had so much of the devil in me that it only needed developing, and you did that,' retorted Dan, bitterly. 'Little Joey read me a story one day about Cain and his brother. Cain killed him, but they didn't hang Cain for it. They weren't civilised enough then. Cain was allowed to live, but I'm thinking that punished him more. You can live for a while, but you're my slave, and by ? 1 won't spare the whip.' Dan's hand was on the door handle of the study as he spoke, and without waitine for a reply he flung open the door and stalked out along the dimly-lighted lobby. Thornley followed deferentially to open the outer door, but Dan banged, it open unaided. Then the clergyman timidly proffered a white hand, which gesture Dan answered with one flashing look of anger and seorn, and then, without once touching the trembling fingers, he strode down the walk and out at the gate without another word or look back. Dan did not feel nearly so calm as he looked. He had spoken . the simple truth when he said he was not accustomed to keeping secrets. Tfi« rough, untutored nature chafed under the restraint, and into this feeling had now entered another ele ment. Deep down in the man's heart, almost buried and choked by the grinding of poverty and its thousand wrongs real or imaginary, was a something susceptible ts gentle influences — a single tender spot which no bitterness had been able to harden. Dan affected to laugh at the soft ness, and often cursed himself heartily for it, but there it remained and asserted its tiny sway in common with the fiercest of passions burning in his breast. : Dan, therefore, turned away from the manse more powerfully agitated than he had dreamt of being while hotly pouring out his thoughts to Thornley ; and the cause of it all was the allusion to Hilda. ' I can't go home to bed just yet ; I must walk a bit, or there's no sleep for me,' was his excited, resolve, as he got out his pipe and almost bit through the stem in lighting it; Then he wandered on to the other side of Braefoot Glen, where he paced up and down the path by the stream in the calm moonlight, glancing up at the darkened windows of Sunny Bank, and quite unable to get one of its in mates out of his thoughts; He had no ill-will at Hilda, and that was a deal for Dan to admit, for in his blind and impulsive passion he was apt to take slighU that were never intended, aad to nurse hatred against dozens who never once had their thoughts directed to him- Nay, more than that, he remembered when first Dr. Malcolm had bought thepeny, and he himself had gone to the house to ask the job of looking after it ; he had been asked into the sitting-room, where Hilda sat em broidering while her father read, and there been told with evident reluctance by the old doctor that he thought Jim Jenkins would be able to look after the pony. Then he was turning away with' a clumsy bow and ah inward sinking of the spirits, when Hilda looked up, with sympathy beaming - in .her bright eyes and a sudden ' Oh, papa,' which ended in a long whisper with her father, at the conclusion of which Dan was . abruptly told that he would be taken on if he thought he could fill up his tome with other work. ' Miss Hilda did that — I know she did — for the doctor couldn't refuse her no thing,' was Dan's present moody thought as he paced the path by the stream ; 'and then she's always been Mud and pleasant, though she knows I've been in prison through her sweetheart over there. No, I've nothing agen her that I mind of — fact I' don't know whether 'twould be just the thing to let the villain get such a nice lass just to make her miserable. But then to tell her everything would be to expose him and do me out of my revenge, for- she wouldn't take a hint or my word for it. Wimen folks always wants to get to the bottom of a thing, and they generally has their own way.. But maybe the match mightn't come off ; them things often falls through on the very day fixed for the marriage. Lovers are never done quarrelling. I'd better wait a'bit and see. When yon can't do right, do as near it as possible.' ? With . this consoling reflection Dan walked slowly home to his den at the back of the stable, but on the way a new care assailed, him— the safety of the crimson record. Up to this moment he had carried it for safety about his person, but now he reasoned that the slightest misadventure might deprive him of it. Thomley he did not fear openly, but Thornley' was' a coward, '* and aU cowards is treacherous,' was Dan's concluding comment. ' Even if I showed the paper, and brought Joey to prove how it was found, they'd doubt me owing to my spite agen the minister ; but without it they'd either laugh at me or clap me in gaol for libel. If Thornley gets desperate there's no saying What he might try, so I'd better put it in a safe place.' Full of this idea, Dan no sooner got tome than he hunted out an old tin coffee canister, into which he shut the valuable paper. Then, sitting down at his table, he slowly and painfully scrawled oat the fol lowing statement, which he placed beside the message of the dying man : — ' The paper in tbiB box was found by me twisted round the reins when the pony, Mary, came back without Dr. Malcolm. Joey Jenkins saw me ficd it. It ' was wrote by tke doctor when he felt -himself djiog, and I told Thoru hey, the minister, whai I had discovered, and he didn't deny that he had Killed the doctor. All this I ewear to be true, and nothiog but the trutb, same's I was in court. {Signed) ' Dakiei. Lestbr, ' Sometimes oalled ? Dan.'' Then Dan prised up one of the flagstones forming the floor of his den, placed the tin canister with its valuable contents in the cavity beneath, and having cut a rude cross on the stone with a chisel and hammer, went tombed and slept, if not the sleep of the juitjSt least a more peaceful sleep than that of the occupant of the much more luxurious manse at the other end of the village. Chapter XIV. — Myles and Hilda Disagree. Old Janet, the minister's housekeeper, declared that she had never known her master to 'be so disturbed by a death. Long before it was light she heard him pacing his room as persistently as a man doing penance ; and by dawn he was not in bed as she expected, or even in his study, but out of the'house, nobody could tell where. The milkman stated that he had seen some one very like the minister turn down at the cross roads and move off towards Edin burgh; but the milkman was at once silenced with a contemptuous remark, to the effect that he was ' a doited body, and getting auld much faster than he himself was aware of.' Yet Thornley did not return till long after ten in the forenoon, and even then, though he came in a cab, and had boots on dusty enough to have been twice to Edin burgh, the housekeeper was not convinced. The minister never wentto Edinburgh but on a particular day in the week, to see his poor relatives, and then he stayed longer than a mere couple of hours. Thornley looked much brighter and more cheerful than his old servant had expected, and took his - long-delayed breakfast with the zest of a man who had earned it by a successful stroke of business. He chatted gaily with the housekeeper, chirruped to the canary, and twitted the servant maid about her sweethearts, all which was a marked unbending from his usual careworn silence. Then instead of shutting himself up in his study for the forenoon, he inti mated his intention of going along to Sunny Bank to enquire for Miss Hilda, and went humming through the garden in his slippers while his dusty boots were being cleaned. ?'He's got over the worst of it now,' said J anet, as she watched his retreating form ; ' and I suppose, as Miss Hilda is now all alone, the next thing will be a young mis tress coming to the manse, and me going to Eome other place.' At Sunny Bank Thornier found Hilda pale and worn looking, but perfectly com posed, and eager for his presence and ad vice. ' Papa always had a presentiment that he would die suddenly,' she said, with a quiver in her voice, ' and he told me to be prepared for it. I wonder if it can be true that 'coming events cast their shadows before f So there will be little to arrange in his business affairs; but to have all done right I sent Jim, the gardener, into Edin burgh with a note, asking Mr. Myles, his man of business, to come out at once and consult.' . A shade crossed the face of Thornley, and though he bowed in acquiescence, Hilda felt the coldness instantly. 'You do not like Mr. Myles, I think, Hubert, dear ?' she remarked, with gentle concern, placing a hand tenderly on his arm to draw him round, so that she might read the expression of his face.. 'You think him strange, and cold, and officious, and interfering. Well, perhaps you are right; but remember he is honest, and an honest lawyer can at least be tolerated.' 'I would much rather that you employed some one else, or no one at all,' said Thorn ley, with some impatience. 'I am sure that that man Myles has a prejudice against : me, and would not hesitate a moment about attempting to poison your ear against me.' 'Oh, Hubert! how you wrong him. He would not dare. He knows you are to : be my husband — that is, after a little,' she added, with the tears again welling into her eyes. 'My love!' and Thomley, with his voice broken and husky with the depth of his feelings, drew her pale girlish -face towards him with both hands in a sudden impulse, and kissed it repeatedly. 'If you would but favor me for once in this trifling matter. , Believe me, I fear nothing in this world but to lose you.' ' You cannot lose me. I am bound and pledged to you for life,' said Hilda, simply. 'But I cannot now recall my message. Indeed, Hubert, dear, I expect Mr. Myles ©very minute.' ' Then, send him back again the moment le comes,' feverishly returned Thornley. 'Mischief is much easier averted than undone.' 'You have, nothing to fear, surely?' cried Hilda, opening her eyes to the widest, and then gazing up into the dark face with fond pride. 'If he dared to utter a whisper against you I should order him. to the door at once.' 'Let it be so, then, since you desire it,' said Thornley, with marked reluctance. 'But if he should try to poison your ear against me, make him prove his words. Sift everything to the bottom, and separate fact from fancy. I cannot afford to lose you now, for I have learned to love you more dearly than life.' Much more of the same nature followed ; indeed it seemed to Thornley that the sudden removal of Hilda's only stay had increased and intensified her love and cling ing trust of himself. Hilda had never before seemed so sweet and lovely in his eyes as she did now when clinging to him in her tears, and looking up into his face with simple devotion, and Thomley, in the impulse of the moment, vowed to himself, solemnly and sacredly as he ever had vowed, that if she were but given to him his whole life and being should be devoted to her and to filling up the loss she had sustained through him. Such vows are made every day, and nearly every day such vows are broken. Shortly after a cab drove up to the front rate, and Myles strode up the walk, look ing more concerned than is usual for a mere business man, even upon the occasion of a death... When the young lawyer was. shown in he started perceptibly on finding himself face to face with Thomley, and bowed with such marked aversion and coldness that Hilda, in surprise, felt forced to say — 'This is Mr. Thornley, whom vou were introduced to at the Lakes. Ah, how little did I think then that ? ,' and her brim ming tears had to finish the sentence. 'I was shocked and horrified when I heard what has happened,' said Myles, 'the more so as a great deal depended upon your father living at least for a day or two,' and a flash, of unmistakable scorn and .dislike came from his quiet grey eyes to meet the falling glance of Thornley, who, to cover hisquaking, hastily mumbled out something about an engagement in the village,, and leaving them to discuss their business alone. ' There is surely some misunderstanding here,' said Hilda, with quiet dignity. ' No, Mr. Thornley — please to oblige me— do not go yet. I did not quite catch your mean ing, Mr. Myles. What was it that de pended on my father living ? May I know about it?' ' I may explain to you as well as I can explain,' said Myles, quite unabashed; ' but it had better be spoken to yourself alone. Meantime, if it will not pain you teo much, I should like to know how the sad occurrence took plaee.' Hilda obeyed by narrating briefly the circumstances of the return of the riderless pony and the finding of the body in Blae berry Glen. ' Strange indeed,' was the lawyer's com ment. 'Was no one with him at the time?' Then without a moment's pause the lawyer turned and chained Thomley's etartled'gaze with his keen eyes, and. said, with horrible sharpness and distinctness, ' Were you not with him at the time, Mr. Thomley ?' The momentary start of the clergyman was scarcely perceptible, and when it was gone even Myles was asking himself if it had ever been there. ' Not I— I wish I had been,' said Thom ley, hurriedly ; ' I happened to be confined to the house with a severe headache.' There was a painful silence for a moment or two — painful to Hilda on account of the marked distrust shown by Myles towards her intended husband; painful to the lawyer who could not bring himself to think that a clergyman and gentleman would deliberately lie, and yet instinctively doubted the truthfulness of the answer, and more painful to Thomley than words could describe. The little audacious courage he had desperately put on was rapidly oosing away; and a horrible consciousness had possessed him that one single crushing, fact in proof of his guilt from the keen-eyed man would cause him to collapse miserably. He fancied he saw such a denunciation hanging on the lawyer's lips, and feared the quick ear of Myles would detect the thundering beating of his heart. But when the words did come, though they were still dangerous, they caused him to draw a long breath of relief. 'Excuse me, Mr. Thomley, but did Dr. Malcolm not visit you lately — very lately — I mean between the day before yesterday and the time of his death?' ' He did. He called on me at the manse the night before his death for some ex planations' of — of business matters.' ' Humph ! I think I know something of the business which he wished explained,' said Myles, dryly, and not moved in the least by a pleading touch on the. arm from Hilda. 'May I ask, as the confidential legal adviser of the family, if the doctor seemed perfectly satisfied with yonr expla nations?' 'Perfectly satisfied.' The words were spoken promptly and firmly, yet Myles felt almost certain that the man lied ; nay, had he obeyed the impulse of the moment he would nave shouted out with more warmth than pplitenesss, 'You lie I' but a lawyer like habit restrained him, and he merely re mained silent. The victory, however, cost him a powerful effort ; and the look of in tense distrust, with the sudden snapping in of the lips, did not escape Hilda's watchful eye. ' Oh, Mr. Myles,' she tearfully exclaimed, leaning fondly on the arm of Thornlev, ' if there is any business matter which you wish to settle or explain let me understand it/and I'm sure I can act as mediator bet ween you, and everything will go smoothly and plea santly.1' '1 fear, Miss Malcolm, this is Mot a matter for mediation,' said My lee With a pitying smile. 'And before I can say any thing very decided on the matter. I would require to look over your father's private papers. It is possible I might net light there on a subject which even to me is by no means clear.' ' ' ' ? ' Thornley brightened at once. Myles knew nothing then ; had no proof ; no crushing facts to bring forward. He was safe after all I . . ' By all means let Mr. Myles have the fullest access to any papers which your father has left,' said Thornley, in answer to an enquiring look from Hilda. ?? And that your search may be unrestrained I will leave to make my morning visitations.' ? : A protest from Hilda was quietly, and smilingly waved, and Thornley retired 60 ?unmistakably exultant that Myles 'Ms cerr tain that he had lose ground, ..and actually began to doubt his ability to make goodlus suspicions. Thornley retired, and then Hilda, with some indignation trembling lii her tones, impulsively exclaimed — . 'Now, Mr. Myles, tell me truly and frankly why there is such a marked coldness and distrust between you and Mr. Thorn ley. It is a duty you owe to me and papa— who, you know, trusted you implicitly.''*-':' Myles thought of his promise of secrecy to her father, and remained for a moment silent. Romantic notions of honor and trust might have prompted some to remain silent ; but Myles was a lawyer, and, mora* over, a lawyer with a rare amount of common sense. ? . .'.:'-., 'A rash promise is better broken, and your happiness is more important than a few slight twinges of my conscience,' h'a impetuously answered at length;. and therp and then he proceeded to tell her all le knew— all that took place at the consulta tion at Furness Abbey, and on receipt of the second anonymous letter the visit to 'Mrs. Halliday,' and the agonised' state ment of the old doctor upon his return that all was now over between his daugh« ter &nd; Thornley, and that the marriage, could not take place, let the clergyman's explanations be what they might. ? i HUda listened to the whole with bated breath and cheeks bloodless : with excite ment and intense interest. ; - . . ' 'And what — what do you infer from all this?' she hotly exclaimed, when the lawyer had concluded. 'Speak it 'out plainly, sir. Don't fear for 'me-^I wilT neither faint nor cry; I am too indignant —almost to speak!' and her 'choking utterance as she rose and walked to the window almost belied at least 'one part of her speech. ' My suspicion is that Mr. Thornley may; be married already,' said Myles calmly, and even gently. ' There now, do not fly up to ; fever heat at a moment's notice^- Miss. Malcolm, for no one would rejoice 'more, heartily than I to find himself mistaken,'..^ ' I am glad you fay so ; it . shows yoi; are not altogether insane,' said Hilda with: I supreme scorn, and evidently restrn.in.ini I her indignation only by a great eff ori.' '&i; more absurd suspicion or fear I never heard'' of. Another wife? Mr. Myles, I an»I ashamed of you !' ' . ' . : .. ' I think it would be easy to prove wLether I am insane, or your intended^ husband only a hypocrite and deceiver, as your poor father mostjemphatically declared him to be,' warmly returned Myles. 'It.: is .possible it may be a case worse than even a previous marriage,'' and the peculiar look which accompanied the words conveyed to Hilda perfectly what was in delicacy and politeness withheld. ? Her face instantly flashed into an ashy white, but her eyes shone with a fire he had never seen there before, and which in' one so young made him almost quail, in spite of the honesty of his purpose. 'Mr. Thomley warned me of tikis/ said. Hilda, in a suppressed and impassioned tone, 'but I had no idea that anything so. horrible would be spoken by one calling himself a gentleman. Mr. Myles, you' are ' a dastard and a malicious scoundrel 1 Why did you not speak out your frightful words before HuberVs face? Was it manly to r reserve them till he was absent, and only a ' poor orphan girl here to defend his honor and goodness ? Shame on you, sir !' Had Myles been all that his .accuser in the red heat of her wrath declared he would probably have flustered not a little, or per haps have retorted with abuse as impetuous . as her own. But he was too deeply con-'' cerned in her interests to for a moment feel' either resentment or anger. He made no reply but a slight raising of the hand in sad deprecation, and when Hilda's sudden outburst had ended in a quick reaction. and. a flood of tears, he quietly allowed -the fit to exhaust itself before opening his lips. . 'I admire your noble defence, of the ^ man you have promised to marry, Musi. Malcolm,' he at last ventured to say, with. & deep sigh of concern which could not' : have been assumed. 'I should have thought less of you, indeed, had you lis tened to my hints in quietness, or mere curiosity, or wild jealousy. But your, nrhole life's happiness may depend on tins seem ingly malicious writer being brought forth, to ttate her objections. Marriage is a step easily taken, but once made cannot be ie- - called, and to be thus united to a ba^.man.. would be worse than being Broken on the Wheel. I confess thatldeEpisear.il do 'est : eponymous writers, and that I took pre cisely jour own view of the case when it r was first placeE befbie me by your father — . ; indeed, up to the moment when he bad de scended tie stair from his interview with : . the woman calling herself Mrs. Halliday ,} . but — pray hear me out ? ' ? ;u ' Malicious people maybe found -eyery- , where willing to write wicked letters, and even to brazenly defend their statements by falsehood,' tearfully and bitterly rejoined, . Hilda. 'It would be strange, indeed, if one so good as Hubert is had «l .-enemies. ; The higher up a man gets in popular ©sti- . : mation the more dastardly and wicked . become the attacks upon his character and morality.1' . :.'.:.-:. ?.'.]:,' ' True, my deai girl;- but -when we:have-; the means at hand of investigatiBg and crushing these malicious attacks, think yon ?' we are not in duty bound todo«)?: I say : ? nothing in reply to yonr hot words, against .- myself. My character is & tfifap. putsi39 the question, and need not at present claim ? a moment'sconsideration. Now, I think — I will say so more— I think I can prove through this woman Halliday that there exists some bar to jour marriage with -Mr. Thomley ; but if I and your father hare teen mistaken I will be ithe first to acknow ledge the error and apologise for my hasty belieC Will you come with me to Edin burgh?— I could go alone, if you pleased, Trot this would make sure of no prompting onjny part— will you go with me and see this woman,' and hear her replies to my questions, and let that decide between Mr. Thbrnley and me ?' -~'''I will not!— stay,' and Hilda pulled herself up from an indignant rejoinder, and became swayed into hesitation by a crowd of conflicting thoughts, which took some moments to arrange and decide. ' t( It looks so much as if I doubted him,' Bhe said at last helplessly. 'I have no fear of the result. I could trust my life in his hands, and never doubt but it would be in s&fe; beeping; but I dislike anything underhand or suspicious.' : 'Then come with me and expose it at once!' cried Myles impetuously, catching her ingeniously by her own words. ' This tTiitijr can be settled in an hour or two. Will you come? The cab which brought me is at the door, and Mr. Thornley ' himself would wish for nothing more ardently than that his character should be placed above all suspicion in the eyes of his intended wife.' 'I will go,' said Hilda, gulping down her anger with an evident effort, ' but re laemberyouwill apologise fully and humbly to Hubert when it is over.' - ' ' 1 ? ?*? H I find I have been mistaie*n— yes,' quietly returned the lawyer. 'Just show me your father's private papers, and then fan and get jour things on, Use a good girl, While I glance over them.' \- 3Glda obeyed readily, and led the way to the^octor's study, placed the kejB of his Writing1 table - drawers in the lawyer's bands, and left the room to dress for the drive to the city. .When she again tapped at-the door Myles was still busy among old accounts, letters, and stray memoranda, but he had found nothing bearing on the ques fiori, uppermost in both their minds except flie. two -letters' sent by Mrs. Halliday. These he placed in Hilda's hand without a word ; and as soon as she was shut up with him in the cab, and rattling off towards .Edinburgh, the young girl read them fiteaoily and scornfully through, and then tossed them contemptuously back into his r 'They are. ; not worthy a momenta thought, and I will not say a word about them,' she said, with ill-suppressed indig nation. 'The woman will not .dare to speak against him-before me.' ' , ? _ -Myles bowed gWietly, and resumed his study of the papers he had brought with him, and thus in silence the journey to Rattkeillor-street was made. The stair and house were easily found, and 'in answer to their enquiry for Mrs. Halliday, the towsy headed slavey at once led the wav to the sitting-room, whence came streaming the sound of a brilliant soprano voice pnjrincr to an accompaniment upon the piano. Mrs. Halliday rose with a start from her music, and faced her visitors as they were ushered is. Myles watched her face keenly, but in vain, for anything like a tigerish of jealous glare as her glance fell upon Hilda's sweet, girlish face, and then with a start asked himself where he had seen the face before. Mrs. Halliday was calm and dignified in a moment, and her eyes, after the first stare of surprise, disclosed nothing to the lawyer's searching glance but the most studied indifference. Then Myles pre sented his card and led Hilda forward, and the rivals were fairly face to face. (To be continued.) m ? 