SOME DIFFICULTY ABOUT 1EE CALLS. "Now, my dear,” said Mr Spoopendyke, “ let me see the list of ladies you want me to i call on. I really don’t care to go around much, but a man ought to do what his wife wants him to do on New- Years Day. Where’s the list ?” " Here it is,” said Mrs Spoopendyke, fluttering around with her hair in her mouth. " I wrote them all out with the addresses for you, so you wouldn’t hare any trouble.” " What makes you put old Sister Lamb at the head of the list?' She’s got a wart on her chin the size of firebcll, and she can’t talk anything but the advantages of egg over stove coal for heating the Sunday school.” 11 But 6he belongs to the church, and I don’t believe any one else will call on her,” reasoned Mrs Spoopendyke. " She will be tickled to death to see you.” “ What do you think I’m starting out for ?" demanded Mr Spoopendyke very fiercely. “ Got an idea I’m going around like a missionery to carry the gospel to people everybody else is afraid of ? Who’s this ? What’s this second name here ? Who’s Mrs Shklymbretov ?” That’s Mrs Wolverton. I promised her that you would call. Never mind Mrs Lamb, but you ought to call on Mrs Wolverton.” “ What for ? 'What has she got in common with me, except that her bones are hollow ? She don’t know the difference between a guinea pig and the burning of Jerusalem. Always wants to know if I don’t think that Sodom and Gomorrah were parables. Is this the kind of list you have made out ? Want me to ran around among the old monuments ? Who’s Miss Swash?” “That’s Mrs Smith, the little widow. You know she’s interested in sending women out West to get husbands. She’ll amuse you.” “ She will, if she sees me. She’ll make me laugh like a hyena if she gets one eye on me. Who’s that yellow headed girl that sits two pews in front of us? I’d call on her, now.” “What’s the reason I don’t?” howled Mr Spoopendyke. " Got an idea that I only care for the tough old people, haven’t you ? Think I’m a sort of Plymouth Hock, don’t you ? Got any more old landmarks that need inspection ? “I don’t care 1” remonstrated Mrs Spoo pendyke; “they’re nice people, and I like to cultivate them. They may be alone in life, but they can’t help it.” “Cultiva'e ’em, if you want to,” growled Mr Spoopen dyke; “ but if you think I’m going hoeing around among ’em on the first of January, you’re left. What d’ye want to cultivate ’em for ? With your friends and ideas, you only need weekly prayers and an alarm of fire to be an old woman’s home. Who else hate you got here ? Mrs Sloggenspratt, Mrs Wontcnslough, Miss Kimpzf-” “ You don’t read them right at all,” complained Mrs Spoopendyke. “That’s Mrs Silverspoon, Mrs Worthington, and Miss Hemrningway, They are just as nice as they can be.” “ Are they the three old worthies who howl in the choir?” asked Mr Spoopendyke sternly. “ They’ve got a grandson old enough to be my father.” “ They haven’t,” sobbed Mrs Spoopendyke. “ You know better.” “Well, most of ’em have. What d’ye want me to call on ’em for? Got any more old almanacs expecting me ? Where’s the Sphinixs ? You haven’t got the Sphinix down here, nor the Tower of Babel. Who’re those other pyramids ? Who’s Mrs Upside down ?” “ That Mrs Edgerton. She sent you the jelly when you were sick, and you said she was the best woman in Brooklyn. You’ll have to call on her for politeness,” said Mrs Spoopendyke, severely. “ I won’t cither,” shouted Mrs Spoopendyke. “The jelly was sour, and she made me pay a dollar towards a plaster of Paris angel for a starving family out in Flatbusb. Who’s this other nurse of Geo. Washington ? Here, this is a mistake. I went to Miss Schumsclok’s funeral thirty years ago.” “You didn’t! You never did!" proclaimed Mrs Spoopendyke, thoroughly aroused. “ That isn’t her name either. It’s Miss Schofield, and she is the best friend I’ve got. I only want—” “ I know what you want,” hissed Mr Spoopendyke. “ You want a few more acquaintances and a map to be a guide book to ancient Troy. Think I am going to call on that old monolith ? Got anything here that belongs to modern times? Know anybody who has been dug up within six or eight centuries? Who’s that black-eyed girl in the Bible class? Don’t she hang out a flag to- day ? “ I wouldn’t look at her,” sniffed Mrs Spoopen dyke, “ I wouldn’t have you go there for worlds. Besides she don’t receive.” “ What’s ibis ?” demanded Mr Spoopendyke. “ What’s Mrs Wimpqstvxq got to do with it ? What cemetery will I find her in i” “ That’s Mrs Willoughby,” exclaimed Mrs Spoopendyke, complacently. “She’s the young widow who recently joined the church.” “ I don’t mind calling on her,” said Mr Spoopendyke. “ She wasn’t born more’n four thousand years before the Christian era. Got any more like her? Does this measly list con tain anybody else who wnsn’t the mother of the Chinese Empire ? Think of any more gravestones that haven’t had the epitaphs worn off ?” “ No,” replied Mrs Spoopen dyke, “ and now I remember, Mrs Willough by receives calls with friends in Buffalo.” “Hang your list!" howled Mr Spoopendyke, dancing on the unhappy document. “ What d’ye think I am, a ghoul 1 S’pose I’m going to prance around among all the measly old ghosts in Brooklyn ? S’pose I’m going to swash around and eat cake and drink lemonade with a lot of illustrations of the Silurian period ? Think I’m going to spend the day with a lot of articulated old skele tons just because they belonged to the same church that I do ?” and Mr Spoopendyke popped out of the house like a bung, and went next door to see if his friend Tortor thumb knew any mummies of whose history there was some tradition. “ I don’t care,” said Mrs Spoopendyke, as she whirled around two or three times to practise kicking her train, “if he don’t call oq the church people they'll be hopping mad, and if he does he won’t have much of .a time, so he’ll wish he was dead either way.” 