AMUSEMENTS. " Madame Favart" was finally produced nt tho Theatre Loyal last night to one of tho largest audiences that have assembled in that house for sotiio tiiuo' past. The oncra was cetfnrmed in admirable style, and was received throughout most enthusiastically, the many favourite scenes con tained in tho work being repeatedly and loudly applauded. Every member of tho company was well received, and several tncorcs were insisted upon, and it appeared to be the prevailing feeling thnt the absence of tho company will be deeply felt. To-night n new drama, entitled " Eureka," is to be produced. : The leading characters nro to be sustained by Mr. and ilrs. J. G. Williamson (Miss Mnggie Moore), two, perhaps, of the most popular artistes that have latterly appeared in the colonics, nnd a very complete company has been engaged to support them. Among thesu nro Mrs. Walter Hill, Miss Lillian Fordo, Miss Arruh Hill, nnd Messrs. Howard Vernon, Newton Griffiths, W. H. Son grave, E, B. Boothman, George . Leopold, nud J. F. Forde. 't he scenery for tbo dramn is from tlio brush of Mr. George Gordon, aud is entirely new. The performances nt the Gaiety Thentre, last night, consisted of " Moihor-in-Law " and tho " Corsicnn Brothers," both of which pieces wero much enjoyed by a largo audience. Each was excellently played, aud occasioned those present the usual amount of amusement. This ovening, Mr. Alfred Dnmptcr is to miiko his reappearance in " Bclphegor, the Mountcbauk a character lie has over nnd over again assumed with the most: pronounced success. In fact, ho has virtually made tho part his own in these colonies. Miss Hose Dampicr will ploy Henri. The other characters in' tho drama nro entrusted to capable hands, and tho production should a be good one. - It is announced that on Monday night tlie programme, which has been presented since the opouing of this theatre, will be given ngain. " Ould Erin" attracted an excellent house to the Qaccu's Theatre last night. Mr. Walter Reynolds' drama has acquired undeniable popularity, and it is now performed with such smoothness and effect, that scarcely a fault is to bo found with the re presentation. Actors and actresses are perfect in their parts and " business," and act together ad mirably. The dialogue never fails in its effect, and each scene is a signal success. Tho satnti drama will he repeated this evening. There wns no change in the entertainment pro vided for the patrons of the Victoria Hall last niglit, and the performances of Mr. D'Arcy Bead's Ghosts proved ns amusing as ever. There is no lack of fun and mystery iu the programme, and it is pleasantly varied throughout. The Montnguc-Turner Opera Company have on many occasions, given very delightful perform ances of leading operas, but thoy Imve seldom provided an entertainment so enjoyi iblu ns that given last night, by the production oE Donizetti's grand and beautiful opera, " Lucrczia Borgia." That powerful work was excel lently cast, and in every way well plaeeil upon tho stage. The full, sweat, round notes of Miss Annis Montague's voice were heard to great advantage in her rendition of the charming mu3ic scored for the loading role, anil some of the num bers were so perfectly given that their repetition was imperatively demanded. Mr. Uhnrles Turner was similarly successful in Genuaro ; tho musio exactly suits the range of his voice, nnd he ren dered it with, even lor him, surprising facility and happiness of effect. lie was repeatedly en cored. Mr. Farley, as Don Alfonso, snug anil acted with nil his wonted feeling anil ex pressiveness ; while Miss E, A. Lambert, as is usual with this talented lady, made an engaging Maffeo Or.rini, Messrs. John son, Gordon, and Skinner wero included in the list of dramatis persona', and they did complete justice to their characters. The theatre was crowded, nnd the deepest interest was manifested in tho production from first to last. Tho tame opera will ho repeated to-night. This evening l'rofcs3or Miller announces the Inst one of his series of athletic entertninments at the School of Arts. For tho occasion a very attractive programme has been provided. There are to be exhibitions of statuesque nnd mixed wrestling, dumb-bell, nnd Indian club exercises, and performances upon tbe horizontal liar. Pro fessor Miller is to be assisted by Professor Har- court and the members ot tlie Sydney Gymasium, who have been under the personal instruction of Professor Miller. On Monday evening will be commenced at the School of Arts a scries of entcitaimncnts of a decidedly novel nnd interesting character. A. number of Chinese arc to appear in what is desig nated a Chinese Opera, introducing all tlio pe culiarities which are famous in connection with, tiie musical productions of the Flowery Land. To enhance tho attractiveness of tlie entertain ment a number of valuable gifts are to bo given away. 