i TURF C05S1P. By Falcon., Tbjil nearly fifty two-year-olds should pay np for the Maribymong Plato so shortly before tho race is an earnest of the regard their owners must entertain for them. Tho contented ones number over one-third of tho entire entry mado oomo months ago, and arc all more or less hi&My; 9r fashionably bred. It is satisfactory, therefore, to know that the great two-year-old raco has not been impaired by the corresponding races "hold either on the Melbourne Hunt Olub day, or ntill later at Caulfiold. Nearly a month remained between tho day- of acceptance and that of running, and it. is quite qossiblo for many of them to discover a Btcrling improvement during that time. Tho -treatment' pursued with these youngsters— or with omo few who havo more particularly fallen across my notice— has particu larly engaged my attention, and I am able to say that they have been brought on in tho most na tural way possiblo. There has been no forcing, or attempt to hurry their preparation, but a plain, sensible system has been pursued, calcu lated to encourage their growth, to allay any fractiousness of disposition, and to givo them every confidence ; and if th'cy be really good every opportunity has been given to prove it. Led by degrees from a walk to a cantor, and from a canter to a short spirt ; out twice a day, yet never sufficiently- long to make them object to their task, they.had acquired condition and substance to an astonishing degree.' The process pursued quite re futes tho charge of our iioracs being ruined through tho severity of tho system ill vogue for conditioning tbcm in their-youth. They seem to me to bo left in some measure to developo them selves, and somo of our trainers prefer to linger on in ignorance of their positive qualities a3 long as i thoy think they arc warranted in so doing rather , than lax their powers too soon, and not infrc ' qucntly in tho exuberance of their spirits these j youngsters show their trainers what they can do ; quite unexpectedly and unasked. In the list be- ; fore us arc horse3 bred in the different colonies, many from imported mare3 of the highest class or from their daughters ; and the sires, on their part, arc similarly placed. There are some by the horse Countryman, imported to South Australia in 1874, by Stockwell from Village Lass, by Pyr- rhus I. out of Maid of Hart by the Provo3t, ex Mfttha Lyun, and his representatives Cotewayo and Footstep aro both highly spoken of. The former is a remarkably fino colt, and tho latter has shown that she possessed great speed in her own colony. Tho imported horso Glorious has a few to his name. lie is by Victorious from Letty West, by West Australian, there by having tho" Sir Hercules, Bay Mid dleton and Priam strains in his veins. His offspring nominated here aro from Bridget, Trifle, Needle and Nca, an own sister to that wonder Loup Garou. The colonial bred Emula tion has two or three in nomination. His pedi gree is by Conrad from Porcupine, by Lucifer, ler dam by Melbourne. Then Panto has a most promising soil out oEStockdon (imp.), by Maca roni out of Anenyma, by Stockwell, Panto being by Fireworks from Roso dc Florence, by the Fly ing Dutchmau. Goldsborougb, by Fireworks from Silvia, by Fisherman, has a worthy' son in Morpeth, and the good and game Robinson Crusoo has a couple of promising colts from Dagraar and Cocoanut, Crusoe being by Angler from Chyrsolite, by Stockwell from Juliet, by Touchstone. The other sires are, generally speak- ! inn- lvM !»! Pnllmnl fJrflon hfifi frivnn its soiuo fine llyersj and from her breeding Maigo should bo one. Then Frying Fan has shown groat promise in his work, and coming, as he un doubtedly docs, from a running stock, is likely to hrin credit to his family; King Colo has a son in Essex preparing in the St. Albans stable, ; also Grand Duchess in Howie's, and, by ihc way, I was nearly forgot ling another Bothnal Green that should not lie omitted, viz., Satanella, from : Beeswing, said to . bo .as fast as grossed light- ' ning, tho Botlmal Greens boing unqucs- : tionably vory speedy uninials. Tho list still contains s'omo o£ old Panic's yet. J But there is a section of sporting persons ! trill not admit that from tho old horse a flyer I would over descend, and pooh pooh tiio idea of Iphigonia from Alits Alolb'ourne having tho ghost of a chance, notwithstanding tho stable think, it impossible to lose. Indeed, her owner de clares she can give any two-year-old in (lie land two stone. Thestahlooughtnotlo besorauch abroad as they have the opportunity of testing the abitities of tho yonng lady to tlio utmost. Now tho Dam of Iphigonia is Miss Melbourne, an imported mare by Young Melbourne, Iter dam Inozby Ncwminstor out of Barcelona by DonJonn out of Industry. .She lias thrown Fiuto, wiio was a real good horso, although he did not livelong enough to discover it. She has alao givon us Fell Mell, who has not yet mado his mark, al though a good looking colt. Tlioroforo Iphigonia may be as good as she is said to bo, and a Panic maybe roturncda winner of n Ataribyrnong Plate. There is ho denying tho fact that tho Irish King family are very promising this year. Prince Patrick lias shown good form in Adelaide, and Prince George ran a good and gamo, raco on tho Hunt Club ilhiy ; Cremq do Bousie is an ele gant well made colt, if only lie hassuhsianco enough to carry, his weight. And Chantilly Beams likely be an improvement on his brother Afonarquo. To Princo George, however, must tho palm he awarded, and a very fine , colt he is. Tho Maribynongs are very powerful in this stake, having Scgonhoc, , from the Fawn, Saionara from Sappho, Gamin from Egalitd, ana Transferred from Lady Elizabeth to do battle for his preeminence as a sire. And as the Fawn has given us n Richmond, Jiosworth and Palmyra, uild Sappho aKihgsborough and a Savanaka, itis impossible to disregard their claims here. Tbc30 aro such thoroughly established running families that wo cannot say the end has come, and I be lieve their trainers havo a high opinion of their chance. The Victoria Am'ateur.Tnrf Club was mo3t un fortunate in regard to tlio weather. The much wanted rain descended on tho ovo of their racos and spoilt whnt would otherwise havo been an excellent day for their commencement. It was much to he regretted that this enterprising club should havo been so taxed,' for it undoubtedly kopt many hundreds away that otherwise would havo been there. As far as tho racing was con cerned better was never witnessed in the colony, and everybody expressed themselves delighted with the sport. Although a great deal of rain bad fallen it remained tine during tlio lima the races were on. Those- who did go out were, after nil, the most fortunate. Five started for tho Selling .Race,' which was won easily by Bruno; with Avon second, Bruno was entered to be sold for £10, and realised 75 guineas after the race, which was a good thing for tho club. Dliurringhilo had rather an easy victory for tho Hurdle Race ; the son of Panic and Josephine never, perhaps, looked better. Black Princo obtained second honors. Hmdy Andy was the "victim of the top weight, and Glcnorvanran badly. Eighteen youngsters saddled np for the Foal Stakes, which fell to Fryingpan, a colt by liothnal Greon from Saucepan, tho dam of the once famous Haricot, Sataneila; the Adclaido filly, also by licthnel Green from Bees wing, being second, Cremo do Bouzy and Sylva- nns running u dead heat for third place. Iphi gonia, about whom so -much was said, was no- wlicrc, Saionara also heingamohgsl tho beaten lot. It was a magnificent race, and long in doubt. Nine horses cama to tho post for the Caulfiold Guineas, Whoatear remaining the' favorite to tho last, although Santa-Clans was very much in favor, and Royal Maid had a select and confi dent party; it' was a pretty raco, anil -Royal Maid was decidedly making ground at tho finish, Santa Claus boing ensiiy beaten by Who Hear. Ten only started for tuo Corinthian Cup, lloblno burns; winning oaaily. Twenty-thrco facod the starter, for tho Toorak llaudicap, and .a great raco waij tho result, the wiuuor turning np in Josephine (by Kelpie, from Alpha), Belladrum second and the Now Zcalandcr, Hilarious, third. Tins lace sout all tho folks happy away. . As usual fhorc is a splondid entry for the V.H.C. spring races, commencing with thirteen, in the Molbourno Stakes. Horc will ho fan n.i tlio namos of Wellington and Wheatear (bid opponents), and of such a lot it is impossible to sbelvo any of them. Tho usual number will bo found in tho Hotliam Handicap and tho Essen- don Stako3. ThoCoburg Slakes of a mile is a race likoly to bo run at a fast pace, lhe Maiden Plate, Railway, Konsiogton and Darling Sta.ccs, all contain tho names of an average quality, as does tlio Yan Yean. Eighteen 13 the unmoor of the Hurdle Race, and sixteen in tlio Royal Park Staiios. Tho Flying Stakes lias a largo entry, there boing ovor fifty horses euga»eJ ; and tho Spring Handicap, n race much in favor, is well provided, and tho same, re mark' applies to tlio Veteran Stakes, Flemington Stakes auil V.R.C. Handicap. Eigktoen in the Stcoplcchuse shows that we have not loo many jumpers in the colony, but nono can complain of tho Canterbury Plato aud Freo Handicap. Talcing it altogethor it is a splendid entry. Wo are told that it is tho wish of the cominittco of Ibo Victoria Racing Club to start an official Racing Calender, to bo published monthly, which may probably ho a vory good proceeding. Still I think tlio members should bo made more conver sant with the nature of this calendar than thoy aro at present. It is intended that tho rules of tlio V.R.C. should apply to-ill other clubs adver tised in tho Calendar. And every horso that rnn3 in a mooting in Victoria, which is not.advcrtised in tho Calendar, is to bo perpetually disqualified, from running on the Molbourno courso. Thus it will he quite impassible for any club to have rules of its own. Tho Victoria Racing Club will dominate over all other clubs in tho colony, and any liorsc that runs at any mooting which dares to hold independent views will never again be permitted to run at Flemington. I am afraid that this will not meet with such general acqui escence as might bo wished, and there will be so many erring horses that one-half the nomination for a future Melbourne Cup would be disqualified. I am quite of opinion that it would bo to the general advantago to run under one sot of rule;, and that they should emanate from tho Victoria Racing Club. lint the V.R.C. is a rich and powerful club, and ruicR which might bo con sistent for the V.Ii.C. may possibly be hard and arbitrary on other clubs. For instance, the V.R.C. has a rule which gives certain fines to tho second horse, which outsido the V.R.C. would find a more fitting repository in the funds of tiie club. Those errors are at the expense of clerical labor, by which the second horse in a race is not en titled to benefit. The rule which says 110 race shall bo run oil the Fiomington courso to which less tliau 50 soys, is added should ho un necessary, for surely 110 committco would stand by and seo their races reduced to common plates. At any rate tho members require a little more in formation on the subject and contents of this calondar before they can ho asked to pledge them selves to support it. Amongst tho improvements recently effected on the V.A.T.C, course at Oaulfield Is the addition of u telegraph wire and telephone, the secretary, on boliulf of tho club, having eroded a suitable oflico in a conveniout place in the saddliug pad dock, whore it is hound to catch tho eye of every body. This convonionco will be much appreciated by the visitors from a distance, and will enable our Sydney and Adelaide friends to keep up a communication with those in their interest at homo. There will be a reserve supply of books and cards of the races in the saddling paddock, close to the entrance gate. The judge's boxhasbcen placed flush with the rails, and the Btcwards' stand moved several feet away, so that the conversation of its occupants should in no way interfere, with the judge. The posts have beon brought ill so that the coarse is now mado the ontirc width of the old and new course combined. This is in anticipation of tho largo fields which arc likely to appear at tho post. Tho course iB ill splendid order, and calculated to mako exceed, ingly fast time. The steeplechase course look- well, now that it is cleared and raked, and no doubt tho horses will appreciate tho act which cleared from their path tlio scrub, brambles and long grass. Tho tops of tho posts l.avo been sawn off and tho tops scoured with iron hands and holts. To these improvements many others will bo added by Boxing day, until it will become one of tho complotezt courses in the world, as it is the desire of its members that it should bo. For once there are any number of gontleinen riders ready and willing to ride for thcFindon Harriers Gold Cup to-day at Caullicld. From the horses said to be certain to start there should be over twenty at the post. Such an array of cross-country horsemon in scarlot and green cloth will be a most amusing spectacle, ana is certain to drapr hundreds to'witncss. All the horses fire clever jumpers, having gone through a season's bunting. To-day trains will leave Princc's-bridgo for Caulfiold at 11.17 a.m„ 12.26,12.47, 12.57, 1.7, and 1.26 p.m. The first raco is to tako placo at 1\. SO p.m. Whoatear was scratched on tho courso at Caulfield, shortly after five p.m. on Thursday, for tho Oaulfield Cup. The fallowing fines were levied fordisoliediouco (it the post tit Caulfield on Thursday Colicy, Power and Figott, £5 each; Murphy, Ruddings, Hughes, ,St. Albans and Itickctsoii, £1 each. Sonucteer, Merry Maiden and Lsvinia, 2 r,ova. each for not scratching. . Tho Mnrnimbidgeo Turf Club have endorsed tlio disqualification of J. Mayo, Smith, the jockey, nnd the horse Elastic. Tho disqualification was only carried by a bare majority. On Thursday next the secretary of. the Bcndigo Jockey Club will ho happy to receive onirics for the annual meeting to tako place on 26rd nnd 2'lth November. The programmo is a good one, and worthy the attention of owners. Tho prizcs aro mixgd and varied, and tlio stakes liberal and woll placed. The Uondigo Spring Meeting has always been ranked amongst tho favorite meetings of the season, and let us hope that it will not be overlooked. life must not forgot tho nico little programme put forward by the Wyndliain Racing Club for Saturday, 19th November. Tho - nominations, howovcr, do not close until Monday, 7th Novem ber. Acceptances for the Murrumbidgco ,Tur£ Club Handicaps must -bo in the possession of tho secre tary by Wednesday next. As the weights gene rally havo found much favor there is every proba bility of a largo proportion of tho horses paying up. In our columns this week will ho. found tho conditions of tho Summer Cup, to ho run at the Australian Jockey Club meeting on Boxing day. It is- a sweepstakes of 10 sova., with 250 sova. added, one iniio and a half. - Nominations are duo on Thursday noxt. Again tho Sydnoy Turf Club hold a meeting on baturday, 31st December. Ono of the stakes is tho Ely Handicap of 4 sova., with 175 sova.- added ;.six furlongs. This meeting is also-held 011\. tho -Randwlck course, and tho nominations close 'oil Thursday noxt. Mr. T. S. Clihhoro, secretory. . Tho wire which said that Ibo Murru'mbidco committee bad disqualified J; Mayo is wren: Hi caso is still under consideration.' Tlio jockey Bwilhaud boiso Elastic, howovcr, ore disqualified by. the club, nonosly, 6 st. 7 lb., was omitted ;from thc weights of tlio Wagga Cap. -A midday betting club has been formed by tho mOinhoM ot tho ring at Mrs. Ilowjs's Hotel, Bourke-slrccl, where settling over all races in to (alio place hots-con tlio hours of twclvo ami throe p.m. . excopling over tlio V.R.C. .Spring Meeting, which is to tako place at Tattorsall'a subscription 1-00013. All members pay 1 sov. annually. This is just as central for tho purpose as Collins-strcot, and will do away with tho largo crowd outside the verandah, and tho ring aro not so likely to lie interfered with when tlicyaro 011 tho pavement in this horsey neighborhood. An ''advertisement appoars this week from tlio Victorian Trotting Club, announcing a Champion Trotting Raco, of 100 nova.; also a Trotting Siros' Sweepstakes, of 25,sovs., for sires, both races being aiisistcd with swcepstake-i. Our readers will do woll to peruse tlio advertisement. A very interesting exhibition of trotting horses was given at Randwlck last iveok by Dr. Weir, who put through their paco3 the ten trottors ho recently imported from America. A groat many attended the course, and (ill wore well pleased with the performance. The committee of Tattorsall's subscription hot ting rooms have decided that hots go with slako3 over the late nicctiug of tlio Mol bourne Hunt Club. Sovcral of the bookmakers on tho hill paid ovor Nimhook in the Melbourne Hunt Club Cup, and were then assailed by the holders of Young De ceiver tickets for not paying a second time. Tho fact of thoro being a protest, and that the raco . would bo run over again, was not known for sonic time on the hill. Tlio annual mcoling of the Victoria Amateur Turf Club will lie listcl on Wednesday, 2nd Novem ber, when four mom bors ot committee will retire, and as many ho elected. The retiring members are eligible for rc-clc -tioti. . Wo have much pleasure in noticing the arrival of "Nemo," tlio special correspondent of tho Sydney Mat! anil J/erahl. The V. A.T.C. booths 011 the Caulfield racecourse were sold on Monday last, and realised £133. The Western Racing Club hold their annual moeting 011 14th and 15th December. Wo are quite willing to assist every race meet ing, and only too lmppy when we can sec our way to make a pleasing report. But really tho Boc- caccio Fork' Races last week were not of the ordor we arc able to descant upon with anything ap proaching unmixed pleasure. Air. Do Alcstro is sojourning at Williams- town with his team, v.-hich consists of Wandering Jew, Guinea, Orient, Sunsot, Courtcnay, Gndarz, 3 yrs., Benedict. 3 yrs., by tlio Marquis from Beatrice ; Hwcct IV illiam, 3Yrs. , by Y'attcndon from l.ady Horton ;and three two-year-olds, by Robin son Crusoo from Cocoanut, Ire Atoussd and Lady. Alonoghan's team consists of Waxy, Sardonyx and Saunteror. Thoy arequartoi-oJ at Callanan's. Laiuond lias' Whoatear, Zulu, Spinningdale, and Frimroso at tho l'rinco of Wales Hotel, Fleniiug- ton. ' Air. Ivory's lot— Sweetmeat, Lord Burghloy, Alaster Avcnel and Surrey— are at Sam Davis's. Those under T. Brown aro at tho Pastoral Hotel, Konsington. Thoy aro Trump Yoss, Briati Born, Saionara, und Gamin. It is not true that Euchre lias changed bauds. Fonuelly's horses lire quartered at Mr. Frank Morrison's. Thoy aro AlartinUalo, Batliurst, Alonmoutli, Etna,. Segoohoe; .Morpeth, and Para graph, the throe lait mentioned boing two-year- ohls. The Adclaido colt Topaz isundor Ihccliargeof J. mil, Kensington ; where also are to be found Pawnbroker, lIomeRule and Sataneila, in charge of H. Totliili. It is said that Mr. A. K. Ingli.s paid a good price for Pirate, still lie i3 a good horse, and his all bis racing before hiui. The Victoria Amateur Turf Club is not to lie alone in its enjoyment of Boxing dny on which to hold races, fur I observe that the Ballarat Turf Club will hold a mooting on the same day, re peating it' on the 23tli. There is no reason why t hc two meetings should not be licld at the same timo ; they aro too far distant to intorfore with each other. Each will rely upon its local patron age, and owners will choose the meeting which oifors tho most suitable prizes. By an orror on tlio part of tho tremors the colt Gazer was left , in tho Alarihyrnong Plato. IIo will not bo a starter, and basnet left his comfort- able paddock in Queensland. Thorc uppears to bo a doubt whether Lavinia and Arerry Maiden will take part in the V.R.C. Spring Aleeting, as thoy havo not yet left Adelaide. Tho three mares which arrived from England in tho steamor Afghan wore tho purchasos ot AH. Archibald Yuillo, while on a trip to Kugland, for Mr. Stubley. Thoy aro Echo II., by Thunderbolt — Faraway ; Penitont, by Ilosicruciau — Lady Hylda ; llau vie, by Blair Atlioi— Duchess. They bad not tlio good luck to inoct with tho beet of passages; Bauvic having suffered most. Those persons who wish to make books on the Wnoga course will have to become mcmbora of the local betting room, otherwise they iviU not bo allowed to ply their vocation. A race club has beon cstablisbcdat Winchelsoa, tho .subscription being fixed at £1 Is. per an num. It is intended' to erect a grand stand at the racecourse at that. township, nnd to offer a liberal programme of prizes for competition on Boxing-day. Tho annual mooting of tho Hawkesbury Eaco Club was hold on Saturday last, says tho Sydney Mail, Afr. \Y. Dargin : in the chair. Mr. B. Richards was elected chairman for tlio ensuing year. In accordance with the report presented at the Inst annual meeting, tho usual Boxing Day Races wore not held, instead of which a race meeting was held on the 7th and 9th days -of April, 18S1, Tlio now fixture was entirely suc cessful; tho ontrics wcro uumorous, tho atteud- ance good, and a balance of £153 15s. was added to the funds of tho club. Tho moeting held 011 the 27th and 29th days of August last was the most successful yet held, tho ontrics and attend ance boing more numerous than at any previous mcetin, and tho profits amounting to £517 12s. -id. The facilities for training purposes afforded by the training track formed last year have been so largely availed of by owners that your commit tee have been compelled to mako a second track' inside flio courso proper, wbich thoy purpose pre serving as a sand track ; the outer ono will not ho again used until covored with grass, it will then bo used only in wet woather ; this, with sundry improvements to the stands and jockeys' room, making a waterholo, planting trees, lie., havo involved an expenditure of £475 12s. , hut, as they wore much needed, your committee feel con fident their action will meet with your approval. There has been a slight falling-olf of members during the yoar, owing, principally, to tho re moval to other parts of tho colony of those who havo rcsignod. Thei.entrios for. the two and three year old races of 1S82 and YSSS compare most, favorably with former years ; these re ceived for the ; Hawhcsbury Guineas of 1832 amount to 73, Doing in excess of any .previous year; the .Claret Stako9 also .receiving 62 for 1382, as compared with 36 for 1881 ; nnd 127 foals wcro described for the Moros' Produce Slakes of 1883. The treasurer's baiance-slioot, presented herewith, . shows the receipts- during the year to hare reached tlio, lurgo sum of £550 13s. I0d.(, and. tho expenditure. £4523 10s. 11J., loaving a balance to tho credit of the club of £102G UI3. lid, 1 and Ibo mum of .£761 8s. 6d.-due from various eourcos, . , :By the. timo this .is read Afr. W. B.-Dnkin should, liavo arrived from Acielaido , with ftir Thomas lildcr'n iiointnatious, iucludiug : Bassunio, Baron voli Afuellcr, Zulu, St. Slcphcu and Guess work. Afcssrs. G. G. and A. Wilson, Exchange, Mel bourne, nro prepared to forward to any part of Victoria or neighboring colonics lolograius of the results of tlio V.A.T.C. or V.R.C. races. Amongst tlio many arrivals from Sydnoy to at. tend tlio spring mooting I am glad to obsorvo Air. K. Loo, Mr. F. Wontwortii, Air. W. Forrcstor and Air. Alclhado. Tlio Gun Club shoot off a match on tho newly cleared ground on tho Caulfiold racocourso 011 Friday, 14th inst. Tho gates and booths for tho V.R.C. Spring Alootin" will bo sold 011 Alonday, 24th iirnt., at Kirk's Bazaar. Finals payments for tlio Caulfiold Clip must lie mado 011 Friday, 14th inst., boforo cloven a.m. Tlio general ontrios for tho Victoria Racing Club Spring Atocting closo on Thursday, 18tU inst., at four p.m. Air. Eli Jcllotl's team of racehorses wore sub mitted to auction at Kirk's Bazaar on Wednes day last, but did not cliango hands. Scratch ings. — Afclbournc Cup ; Cynic, Sir Josopli, Cliuckster, Robbie Burns, Brian Boru. Lothair, Mulatto, Adronluror, Legerdemain aud Game. 