NEWS OF TUE DAY. -«.-. - Nb.freeh outbreak of small-pox was reported yester- day, and there is now very small need for alarm. Thero is reason to beliovo that the measures taken by tho authorities to stamp out tbo disease from the metro- polis aro proving successful. Precautions, how- ever, aro slill being taken to guard as much as possiblo against another outbreak, and in- structions have boen given to those polico and Government boatmen who have not undergone the operation to bo vaccinated at once. The premises ol' On Chong and Co., and those adjoining in the occupation of Sun, Kum, Tiy, are in quarantine ; and, in addition to the presence of a police- man, a rail has been placed round tho front, as an additional security against intrusion. So that the possibility of the infection spreading ia reduced to a minimum. The child that waa suffering from disease 13 nearly convalescent. Those persons who were taken to the quarantine station aro boiug made as comfortable as possible, and are suppliod with rations on a 6omewhat liberal scalo, THE forty-fouith anniversary of her Majesty's acces- sion to the throne was observed yesterday by the firing of the usual salute from the battery at DaweB Point. Tb« ailinn of war in the harbour disDlavod n consider. able quantity of bunting, and (lags were hoisted at i (¡ovfrnment (Ion°e and th" public buildings: of the' city to mark the occasion. IT ha» ber-n decided to move the offices of the Mining Department to the Garden Palace. Tun Government have issued invitations to their Parliamentary friends to attend a binquet they intend giving on tho eve of Parliament being opened. A rennie trial of the ncyv silt olovator of the lion. John Lucas, M.L.C., and Mr. Kirkwood, took place at the foot of Kent-street yesterday afternoon, when tuero wore a largo number ol' gentlemen present, including eevoral of iho aldermen of various municipalities in and around the city, and a number of the engineers of tho Government departments. The machine was at work between 2 o'clock and 5, and performed ita labour without a fault, the trial proving eminently satisfac- tory. We understand that it ia Mr. Lucas' intention to deliver a lecture shortly, in which ho will further illustrate the capabilities of tho machine with regard both to tho quantity of water it can lift per hour, and to the savingoceasionod by it over tho present system of dealing with tho sowago matter. A description of tho machine and its modo of yvorking has already appeared in our columns. Wi; learn from the papers that the census returns ehoNv tho total population of New Zealand to be 4 HI),501, or nearly half-a-million all told, leaving out Maoris and Chinase. There aro 303 distinct industries being followed, but comparatively few of a repro- ductivo character. One-third of the wholo adult popu- lation are clerks, school-teachers, constables, Govern- ment employees, and others belonging to the non producing classes. I.v the Banco Court, yesterday, tho argumenta in re Dibbs, insolvency appeal, wero concluded. Their Honors reserved tho delivery of their judgments to this morn- ing. The terms of the appeal to tho Privy Council in Daniel v. Wallace wero settled. In the Divorce Court Mr. Justice Windeyer granted decrees nisi in Hawdon v. Hayvdon and Butler v. Butler. AT the Marine Board meeting yesterday, there were present Captains Hixson (president), M'Loan, Jenkins, and Robertson, and Commander Lindeman (secretary). Captain Bache, master of the stranded vessel Queen of Nations, appeared in ansyver to a summons for him to show cause why his certificate should not be suspended or cancelled on account of his negligence, whereby the Board considered the stranding to have occurred. Ile stated ho had not had time to preparo Im defence, and that tho lawyers to whom ho had applied were unable at so short a notice to master tho circumstances of tho ca=e. Ile, therefore, applied for a postponement, and the Board granted one until 10 a.m. on Thursday next. This NVOS all tho business of public interest transacted. AT the Water Police Court, yesterday, Michael nenry Booth, William Johnson, Charlea Davies, Christopher Dunn, and N. Dooley were brought before tho Court on a charge of causing the death of a man named James Kulan, -who was killed in the prize fight at Randwick. At the request of the police the defend- ants wero remanded to the Coroner's Court. Mit. T. M. WILLIAMSON, Solicitor, has compiled a neat Nvork, containing in compact form the Small Debts Acts, and all Acts relating to the administration of the laNV as to small debts, togethor with a full report of Supromo Court cases decided under them. It is primarily intended for the use of the legal profession, but it is intelligible to all persons of ordinary educa- tion and ability, and will bo found a valuable practical guide to the procedure of tho Small Debts Court. Tho indices are clear and voluminous, and the publishers, P. Cunninghame and Co., Pitt-street, hare done their work NYOll. Tun second session of the fifth Synod of tho Diocese of Sydnoy Í3 to be opened to-day. The members of the Synod aro to meet in the Cathedral, at 11 o'clock this morning, when the saerament of the Lord's Supper will be administered. The Synod will most at 4 o'clock in the afternoon in the Church Society's House, Phillip-street. AT an examination lately held to determine the qualifications of candidates for license to survey under tho Crown Lands Act, the following gentlemon Nvere found by the Board to bo competent, and have been recommended to the Secretary for Lands for appoint- ment, viz. :-Messrs. James Anderson, Sydney James Pinnington, William Jones, Peter Yilholm Tuxen, Stephen Mills, Edwin Hill Johnson, Henry Margrave Terry, John Saxon Peppercorn, and Irwin Smith, Tun existence of a Central Board of Health in Mel- bourne has boen of some considerable assistance to the medical fraternity in Now South Wales and Queens- land in the present emergency, inasmuch as that Board has kopt on hand a sufficient stock of lymph to supply the immediate wanta of the other colonies. The result has been that not only will Queensland receive a large supply from Melbourne, but the Government medical officer.» of Sydnoy will also receive 200 tube3 of lymph, instead of the 50 or GO tubes -which wore applied for. Dr. M'Crae, the former Chief Medical Officer in Mel- bourne, organized the Victorian Medical Dopoitmont, and it is creditable to that gentleman that ho has left it in such an ovident condition of efficiency. JCST before the Kembla loft Newcastle on Sunday night two Chinese storekeepers entered the steerage cabin. They had with them two largo swaga, containing blankets and several other rough woollen articles, which they dopositod in one bunk, and retired to rest in two adjoining ones. Whereupon the European passengers, some 15 or 16, immediately left the boat, and preferred to Nvait until the following night rather than risk sleeping in such close quarters to the Celestials. This having come to the knoyvledge of the officer in charge, John waa immediately told to go ashore. After which some 10 of tho passengers returned, the othera stating that they still proferred to wait until the following night, alleging that smallpox might already bo hover- ing around tho cabin. Acysnof considerable importance, and certainly of great interest to the nowspaper world (says an English paper) has just been decided by the Master of tho Polls. The Times newspaper published a memoir of tho Earl of Beaconsfield, tho value of which may be estimated from tho fact that a publishing firm imme- diately advertised "The Life and Work, of Bonjaniin Disraeli (Earl of Beaconsfield)," adding, "reprinted from the Times." Tho proprietors of the Times brought an action against tho firm, and in the meantime moved, before the Alastor of the Polls, to restrain them from publishing, printing, selling, or advertising such a pamphlet until the action had been tried. The plaintiffs relied upon a decision given in 18G9 by Yice-Cliancellor Malins thataneyvspaperdid not requireiegistration under the Copyright Act (lrf 12), and that its proprietor was entitled, without such registration, to protection against piracy. Neither the Tunes nor the memoir is rogis toted, The Master of the Polls, howover, considered the Times a periodical, and the word periodical ia men- tioned in tho Copyright Act ; and, therefore, tho pro- prietors of the Times could not sue for protection. Tho subtle distinctions and technicalities whieb. regúlalo our legal decisions are very puzzling to ordinary minds, and tend moro and more to loivor their confidence in, or respect for, the law. No Press is moro liberal than the English in allowing extracts and quotations from its columns when tho object is the spread of informa- tion for tho public benefit, but it i» a very different affair when its labours for the public aro taken advan- tage of, and appropriated for private ends. AN adjourned meeting of goatlemen favourable to the formation of a city band oo-as held last night at tho Royal Hotel, Mr, Montague Lovy in the chair. Con- siderable discussion took place upon the details of the proposal, and it was eventually resolved that tho secre- tary write to various gontlemen mentioned in a list submitted by the chairman, asking them to allow their names to bo published as members of committee, with the exception of the folkwing gentlemen, AVIIO had already given their consent, namely, Sir Patrick Jen- nings, the lion. C1. Thornton, and Messrs. M, Levy, C. J. Roberts, ,1. M. Lynch, .T. Hardie, P. A. Wilson, and V. W. Giblin. The meoting then adjourned lill that day three Aveeks. A PAR ADE of No. 1 Regiment Now South Wales Volunteer Infantry Avas held, on Saturday alternoon, at tho Victoria Barracks, Paddington. After the men had been inspected by officers coiniruiiding companies, the regiment was marched to tho Wavcrloy Reserve, avhich had been placed at the disposal of Lieutenant Colonel Raymond by the Mayor. On arrie/al at tho reservo a sham fight was gone through, and the move- ments incidental to rapid changes of position Avero executed with procision, and gave great satis- faction to the officer commanding, Lieutenant Colonel Raymond. Tho total strength Ao-as 2b'4 men, and the officers in charge of companies were :-No. 1, Oantain Morris : No. 2. Oaütain Wiknn : No. 3. Can tain I arrell No 1 Captain Tohnston "Major Richards vis sprond in command of *ho regiment At the ron lu3¡'no! the sham fight th" m°*i -Aeie marched back to lnrrar! .? headel bo the I riga le Band anl acorn pamtd alao bv the regimental drum and fife band both band3 at interval» placing In ely airs on the journey back to town Ihe men Avoro dismissed at tho barracks apparently in the heit of ipints after their onting A PUBLIC meeting took place at Smithfield on the 16th instant, to consider the contemplated line of tram- way from one of the three railway stations mentioned on the Southern line to the waterworks at Prospect. Alderman Whitaker propounded a scheme to lay down a line from the Guildford station, passing through those parts of the district known as the Church and School Estate, Sherwood, Woodlands, via Smithfield, all of which were daily growing in importance. It was easy and cheap to construct, and would meet the requirements of all by affording a larger ac- commodation to the greater number than one either from Merrylands or Fairfield would do. Ix would appear from the analysis which wo givo below that a mineral well, of a valuo that can ccarcoly bo calculated, has been discovered at Helidon, in Queensland Messrs La ard and Co forwarded a samplo of tho water to tho Melbourne Exhibition, and tho secietaij of the Queensland Commission had ltanaheod at tho industrial and Technological Museum Labora toi y, by Mr J Cosmo newbery, AAith the follooving result -" Iho water is very cleai, containing only a feov small particles of sediment It contains free carbonic acid, which causes a bliebt effervescence, bpon analysis it gavo an amount of solid residual equal to 279 c6 grains per imperial gallon, Avnich consisted of - Carbonato of sodium, 227 47 grains, corbonato of calcium, 11 10 grains magnesium, trace, chloride of «odium 2172, sulphate of sodium, 11 97 , sulphate of potassium 0 81 sulphate of calcium trace, orge mc and siheious matter, trac« total, 279 it; graine Ibis AAattris similar in its sahne contents to the celebrated Cailsbad ovater ' ONT of the handsomest specimens or artistic printing which haAo been executed in Sjdney of lato is the jiicnu card supplied by dibbs, Snallard, and Co, for the Consulai Pinner, held on the Queen's Birthday Ihe menu itself is printed on a butt ground, and round it runs a handsome border of high art de-iign, in gold and silver, relieved by touches ot palo blue, crimson, chocolate, AA hito, and black In tho top n0ht corner tho British shield is emblazoned, aud in the lowei left the Australian ono, and in close profimily to the latter aro the emu and kangaroo Iho other corners aro filled wi h the shields of the foreign consulates re printed at the dinner and their gorgeou-s tints con- trast well Auth the somewhat subdued tones of the rest of the card 1 HE Presbytery of Goulburn, by its Moderator, the Rev Robert Jackson M \, ot ia», inducted the ReA Robert A. Steel M A. to the pat toral charge of the Presbyterian Church in the distuct ot Queanbeyan, on tho llth instant Ihe Rev. Dr Steel, of Sydney, preached at the îeque t of tli9 Presbytery At a social meeting on the «ailie evening Mr. Steel received a cordial ovelcome, when addre £C3 were delivered by Mr A. Affleck, J P , of Gundaroo, who presided , by Mr. John Gale, and by tho Leo Mr Gibson, of the Wesley an Chuich, the Rev li Jackson, M.A , and the llev Dr Steel. Iho Le\ It, \\. Steel, ii A , responded. On the 17th a leeturo was deliaered in the Temperance Hall by the Rev. Dr '-teel on ' Iho Monuments of ro\pt, illustrated bj lai0e diagrams Iho chair was oc upied by Lieutenant Colonel Ru sell P 11 Tin- annual meeting of the Surry Hills branch of tho Australasian Viesloyan Missionar} Society aoas held last night in Bouike street Chuich ihe RCA "\\\ llham Olarko occupied tho chair, and conducted a bnet opening «c nee Mr Dowsett, the se rotary, read an abstract of the society a report, the principal feature in which had reference to the mi sion to iNeov Britain commenced in 1873 by tho Rea. George Brown, assis ed a «isted by natives of longa and lyi, who volunteered for tho sera ice, ' amon0st a people who had no knowledge of either a God oi of immortality, but Ave now preach to people, many of whom, havo not only heard the glad tidings, but havo them elves experi- enced its poooer to save and bless. We havo baptized fitty m e idult«, nearly all or whom were two or three years on trial the hrstfruits, we hope, of an abund- ant harvest. Six of these men are working A\ eil and acceptabh as local preacher«, proclaiming to their oavn poople tho hies ed Gospel tho poaAOi of which they haa e themselves felt V\ hen ave have the assistance of a number of men like Ilaita on "New Butain, Bomja mani, on the Duke oi i orl, and Petero on Now Ireland, not onlj *AI11 our A-ork be ea-ier, but w e shall bo able to op^n stations at places which at present wo dare not attempt to occupy rilera are thouasnds of peoplo on ^Seov Iieland, many of whom aie entreating us to send them teachers!, but wo aro uuablo to do so Tho amount contributed by this branch to the parent societo last jeir amounted to £2o5 3 . od., being an incroa e ot ovei ¿20 upon the con- tribution of la«t year rather more than half of which carno in through the Sunday school associations ni connection Aoith tho Bouike street, William street, and Cleveland street dmr he« The meeting Aoas addressed by tho Rev benjimin Chapman (general «ecictan of the societyj, the Rev < .eorge Brown, of % eov Britain , and by Potero i con erted nativo and teacher from 2\ew Britain a\hois al o engaged ovithMr Broovn m making a translation of the G Papel of St Mark into the language of his countrymen The meeting was largo, and manifested a deep interest in and sympathy Avith, tho st dements of Mr Broun in relation to the latest minion enterprise of tho We leA in Chuich avith the on,mahon ot which ho is so intímatelo connecte! V similai meeting avili be held in Clc\oland treet Chuich tins evening, and in William street Church on "ft ednes day evening ABOIT 1 p m, on tho 9th mutant a young man named Waltei Small re uhng in Paul stieot Balmain, met with a e\ere a cident at Mo-t D Dry Dook through a plank falhne; on his head avkilst at ovotk m the dock ship painting, na ao as attended shortly after the acci- dent by Di Cartuther , and removed to his home. Ho is processing favourably ' CITIZFN ' Aoutes to say that if the band, which at present isa sourcoof enjoyment to thoso AAIIO can attend on "Wednesday afternoons, Aaere to pcrfonn fiom 1 0 clock to S o clock during the winter months and from 1 o'clock to half pa3t > o clock in tho summer months, numbeis who at pie ont aro debarred from attending A ould then gladly a\ail themselves of the opportunity of doing =o TUE Victorian Government have purchased a portion of the Graphic collection of black and vrhite drawings shown at the Melbourne Exhibition, including " The Deserter/' P. Uoll, A. H.A. ; " Tho Colliery Explosion Hush to the Pit's Mouth," Staniland ; " The Turks aro Coming," G regory ; " Sunday Afternoon at the Picture Gallery," Groen; "Holiday Time Afloat," Green; " Portrait of Lord Lytton," Do Langée ; and portraits of Miss Elizabeth Thompson (paintorof " The Poll Call,") Millais, and Sir P. Leighton, by Leslie Ward, P.A. Mr. John Plummer, agent for the Graphic, also informs us that among the drawings selected by private pur- chasers are, " The Florentine Harvest," Miss Elizabeth Thompson; "The Conspirators," Sansón; "Hard Pressed," P. Dadd ; " An Interesting Novel," Gogin ; " The Oban Boat," Hodgson, P.A. : " Bashi-Bazouks and Cossacks," Charlton ; " Presents from the Christmas Tree," H. Woods ; " Three Per Cents.," P. A, Calderon; "The Ghost Story," Macbeth ; and several small skotcbcB by W. Small. Several of the above were not exhibited at Sydney. WHILST engaged carting timber from Mount Cole one day last week, a rather singular discovory Nvas made by Mr. Edward Bollis, of Ararat. Mr. Hollis (says tho ,'lcltcvitscr) observod smoko rising from the ground I some little distance doyvn the mount, and being- curious as to its origin he proceeded in its diiection, and found a thin volume of smoko rising from a hole in the ground amongst the rocks and scrub. Further search below this spot led to the discovery ol' a eave 7 or S feet deop and '1 or 5 feet wide, at the end of which was a fire- place. A second fireplace had also been cut out close to the mouth of the cave, and along one aide tho earth was scooped away BO as to form a bunk, on Nvhich some ferns and leaves wore spattered. Tho roof was arched, tho cavo being about 7 feet high and comfortable looking. Its occupant yvas a man of medium height, sandy whisker», apparently but little over 30 years of ago, and attired in molo»kin trousers, Nvitb a pair of saddle-straps for braco«, and a ttveod veil. The man was barefooted, and was not inclined to bo communi- cative, but stated, in reply to a question, that ho had occupied the cavo since immedhHv bplnre the harvest, and had obtained provisions from Uttangor. Tho only food ohservabln in tho nlnne was about a dozen Dounds of dour, some of which had been mixed with water and boiled in a bill}-. Tho situation of the cave ia about a milo from Kwminsky's mill, a little distance from a «'edge track at tho back of M'Lcod's paddock. Mr.. E. r». TITOMASSEN-, F.R.S., has, in a communica- tion to the Melbourne Daily Telegraph, in reply to the letter of Mr. Collins, Keuter'a agent, given the following as his reasons for doubting the correctness of the report that 1000 Chinese were massacred at Santa Posa, in Chili. He says:-" 1 must, in justice to Peutcr's agent, state that I never for a moment thought ho had rendered the telegram incorrectly, and that my letter of the lith morely referred to the news it conveyed being a mistake-a mistake easy to account for by any one knowing Chili and Peru and au fait with recent events there. The message was sent from Chili, no doubt, merely mentioning Santa Posa as tho place of the massacre, a3 the sender, residing in Chili, never being accustomed to speak of Santa Posa de los Andes by it3 old official name, but merely by its present designation of Lo3 indes, and having previously transmitted news from tho Sania Posa sugar district, in Peru, in refer- ence to tho serious disturbances betweon the negroes and the Chinamen, ho would never dream of anybody taking tho cablegram to rofcr to tho little Chilian mountain town of Los Andes-or Santa Posa de los Andes, as it is still called officially, but never in daily practice. The Chilian telegraphic correspondent, also* no doubt, thought that tho London Press would know that there were no Chinamen and no negroes in little Los Andes (Santa Po-a^ in Chili, and that, in no case, any such wholesale massacre could ever take place in Chili, whereas Peru, in her present unhappy condi- tion, is for the time being unable to afford to the settlors on her soil the protection she, in times of peace, always extended to them all, to whatever nationalities they belonged. The recipient in London of the telegram from Chili mentioning Santa Posa Nvould probably take up a Gazetteer, and seeing the same mentioning the town of Santa Rosa do I03 Andes, and finding it on tho maps marked only as Santa Posa, he, most likely in a hurry, would not weigh the matter well, but add the words ' in Chili,' by way of reminding his readers of where Santa Posa was." TnE Condobolin correspondent of the 'Forhes Times writes, complaining of the enormous waste of timber going on in that neighbourhood owing to the system of ringbarking which is being generally adopted by the Crown lessees. He says that "all the largo pines about here, the most useful of our forest tree3 for building purposes, are being rung indiscriminately, and very shortly it will be impossible to get trees for any purpose excepting for firewood. A few year3 ago wo had any quantity of fine large pines: the local saw mills have thinned a good many of them out, but the timber has been put to a practical and beneficial use; whereas the ringing of every s<_ed bearing tree to prevent the growth of future forests is an injustice in more ways than one-it affects both tho climate and tho rainfall, and roba the country of a native product which is 'indispensable to its material progress." On the other hand, another correspondent of the same journal writes from Humbug Creek: " Pingbarking is stopped, so that our prospect of con- verting the barren scrub country of the Humbug into fertile pasture lands is cheeked for the present. There is no doubt that the forest country in this neighbour- hood ia so thoroughly destroyed for pasture purposes by a dense undergrowth of pine that neither grass nor useful timber can grow, excepting, of course, the timber which has already come to maturity. But, as water finds its lovel, so will the limits of ringbarking and cutting useless and degenerato scrub." Wr. aro indebted for the following information to the Albury correspondent of tho Argus:-"The passenger trains between Sydney and Albury, which run throe times a week, aro to be discontinued. It was at first considered by the department that the public would use a train slowor than the mail if it ran the journey during the day time ; that is to say, if the necessity of spending the whole night in the train wero avoided. This accommodation does not appear to have been taken advantage of, and those trains, which leave Sydney at 8 a.m. on Mondays, Wednesdays, and Fridays, and Albury at G a.m. on the other days of the week (except Sunday), are to be discontinued from tho 1st July next. It 19 surmised that the present gooda train running daily between Albury and Sydney will be made a mixed train, and that some minor alterations will be made in the timing of the present mail train, but nothing definite has transpired. A new time-table for the Southern railway line will bo published at the end of this month." IT is notified bj' advertisement that the grand Masonic ball advertised to tike place at the Exhibition Building, Prince Alfred Park, on Thursday evening next, the 23rd instant, has been postponed, oyving to the noa-reeeipt of a reply to the invitation of the dKtrict errand stewards by the Admiral of the Flying Squadron, inviting himself and the Royal princes to be present thereat. THE following is the report of the Sydney Infirmary for the week fended ISth June, 18S1 ¡-Admitted : 35 males, 15 females: total, 50. Discharged: 35 males, 20 females : total, 5-5. Died : 3 males, 1 female : total, i. ileniaininc : 109 males, 4S females : total, 157. 