Facts and Fancies. A little nonsense now and then Is relished by the wisest men.—HUDIBRAS. BRITISH military officers are greatly annoyed at to wear uniform when off duty. having WHY is the earth like a blackboard? Because the children of men multiply upon the face of it. " That fellow is jußt like a telescope," said a dashing New York girl. "You can draw him out, see through him, and shut him op again." " What is your wife's particular little game ?" asked a friead of a henpecked husband. "When she geta thoroughly mad," he answered, "it's draw poker." A oknttjucan, always distinguished for his care and forethought, writes at the bottom of bis will this last injunction : " I desire not to be buried alive, in so far as it is possible." A Montana Indian who was recently convicted of murder expressed his opinion of the lawyer who defended him with delicious frankness : " Lawyer too much talk; heap fool." A bchool-tkaohbb in Berks County, Pa,, has whipped fifty-eight pupils and had fight* with seventeen fathers since Ist November. During the holidays he breaks colts and hunts wolves. The Bot'b Composition —A schoolboy being set to write • composition on the ox, after a long struggle produced the following:—"An ox does not taste as good as an oyster, but can draw a bigger load and run twice as fast." The wife of the historian Grote must have been an extraordinary woman. She rode with* out » saddle; she was not afraid to put off in a boat without a man ; and she was plucky enough to marry her lover without permission and return home without saying a word about it. Sydney Smith described this lady and her lord in his happy fashion—" Ido like them both so much, for he is ladylike, and she is a perfect gentleman." "Beit Habti" (a recent visitor in England tells the New York correspondent of the Phila delphia Prat) "is now the most pronounced cockney in the whole of England. I don't be* lieve he remembers that there is any such place at all as San Francisco. Why, he actually told me, with an immense amount of patronage about it, too, that he dined on an average six times a week with the nobility. And he further declared that 50,000 pun/ as he called it, had been sub* scribed to start ft magazine for him over there. His consulate is a sinecure, I understand, and he scarcely ever leaves London, although his post of duty is at Glasgow." A COBREBPONDINT of the London Daily Neva, writing from Cannes, says : "I want you to give • word against that hell of this neighbour* hood, 'Monte Carlo.' It is no credit'to the French republic, and is a disgrace to the civilised world. I should doubt if there was a place in Europe around which more degrading immorality is gathered than that beautiful spot on the Riviera. This gambling establishment is a thing of beauty outside, while within all is corruption. I hear that ere long an influential committee will be formed in London to publish to the world the doings at Monte Carlo, and to make an appeal to the French Republican Government for its early suppression." Bruno Hidalgo and Juan Papes, wood chop* pen near San Antonio, Texas, had a violent quarrel in the forest, while at work, and Hidalgo struck Payes with an axe. The wound was serious, but probably would not have proved fatal. An argument of an hour's duration ensued between the two men, the question being whether Hidalgo should help Payes to the city, where surgical help could be procured, or com plete the work of killing him. Payes offered to take an oath that he would never reveal the fasts if the former course was taken; but Hidalgo would not trust him, and shot him through the head, leaving him for dead. He did die, but not before he had told the story. The spiritual materialisation business goes on briskly. Mrs. Crindle is the latest medium to astonish the believers. A feature of her wonders is the variation in the sizes of the dead.persons who appear. The Banner of Light says : ° One of tiie forms was that of a child about four years of age, with the moat exquisite face poet's or painter's fancy could embody in verse or put on canvas. It* baby prattle and singing were quite bewildering as its childish accents rose and fell in the 'Sweet By and By.' A majestic form of exquisite mould and fine proportions, beautifully arrayed in white satin and pearls, with a diadem on her head, was announced as the Empress Josephine." Another of Mrs. Crindle's ghosts is a fellow who talks through a trumpet. An enterprising burglar has been caught in Jlagrante ddicto by the Warrington police, in England, summoned in hot haste to arrest the offender by the alarmed occupants of a grocer's shop. The burglar awoke the sleeping inmates by the noise with which be carried on his depre dationß, smashing the glass and knocking about the jam pots in a manner foreign to the pro fessional houßebreaker. The master of the premises armed with the fire-irons, accompanied by his wife, ready to bid defiance with a sweep ing brush, stood boldly determined to cut off all meanß of escape, pending the arrival of the police. The surprise of all present may be imagined when, on a light being procured, the burglar, in the shape of a monkey, was dis covered gorging himself with sweetmeats and cakes amid the ruins of broken glass and crockery. 