f ' ii; ; TIÏÉ relation of' master and servant in those days '.'.'-diffáredímáteriáUy'Írom-'tho present, tho inderi .turdd.; servant system of England being then in full''óperátion. Under that system the sdrvant y was bound by articles of ngreomont to servo'his . master for a torin of years, and to do his bidding and demean himself ia all things according-to his master's will, failing which 'ho-'''.was talton before n, ' -magistrate : and committed to poison, 'tho trial -so-called being simply a' farco, so far as tho sor vant ' was1/ ^concerned. ' Tho imprisonment did not . relièye : from ' tho obligationtö'^the' master, ; bub',!dn' ' tlio'' 'coihplotlotí-j- of ;^thö/-term for which; tho servant :was' inóarfjérated ho . was rc ', turned to his- mastor,. a'nd-had -to 'work out tho balaùçVof,his',agreements ,'. The In . denture^ repeal y;?'but ¿t\the;timé of >which we are treating ; all domestic, seryanè's' and; agricultiiral labourera, ,nóMatbernauio they woró callédi carno nhdef its provisions, and all tho . labour imported into tho colony- in tho early days, wifcfr/'thd ' exception -of ¡ .;ft:vföyi:;m;ocuanics< was brought in imdör Ihpyiudontitrcd soi'vant systein -heneó tho establishment of twoclas'ses, -with a wide ' iran between.; each! vholdiriir different i views froin contrary: -"'ideas1 'of > its relation- ship to tho other. . -Tho: ono class consti- tuting tho ni solves" the lords and lordlings of the'laud- the class froth which tho nominco mem- ber's of tho Governor's council were taken, all tho Government and magisterial and other ap- pointments wera inado, even to tho smallest municipal billot, and who, in consequence, held thö country in their hands; tho othuiytho'üorfs, ?who had no voice in anything only to do their master's bidding, nnd when their term of servitude had expired, still continuo to work on for bread afc rates fixed by their old employers. Gradually, however, as cash became scarce, the servants wore paul thoir whges in cattle and sheep . horses and lands; and in tho course of a few years most » of thom settled .'down1 on small holdings,' and -struggled/ along, cultivating grain and dairy farming. 'Many of thoni'. ns well as tho mechanical class, ;"took . -tq-; fencing, wood-cutting, arid all tho .rougherkirids pf outdoor work, for which tho':employers wore unsuited, and also; to publicliotiae keeping. Tn this way most of Northam and Grass Valley in thö'York district, foll into tho hands of tho servants^ while York proper, Beverley, Toodyay, and tho Swan wero retained by tho masters, whom in tho course of those pap: i'â wc shall designate Con- servatives. Tho former became the working Bet tiers of thc colony, gradually merging from ser- vitude into little properties which grow aa years rolled on into ros2>ael,ablo holdings, while tho latter waxod weaker and more dependent on thèlabour of othora to work their estates. They j felt-tho want of a largo servant class, whom they I should manage- and koop servants, anti for many years tho energies and influence ol' the Conserva- tives "were devoted, not to developing tho resources of the colony, not to encouraging tho introduction of a thrifty and pushing population, but to con- trivances by which they would bring about a dopondent population and cheap labour, enabling thora to live as domi-princcs, after tho lordly style pf tho old country in those days. Having failed wich tho first importations, as. shown abovo, it was decided to try immigrants, and accordingly negotiations wore oponed with emigration companies in Lon . don to supply tho colonies with people, of .which thora wore too many in England. It was found, however, that tho immigrants on arrival wero not desirous of servitude, but rather sought to;8ottlo down as colonists, and having .buen in- veigled into going to West Australia by the laudatory representations of tho agent in London, j they felt the ivlißdiucness of being treated as a distinctive dasi! by tho established assumors of patronage. Tho latter, on tho other hand, de- clared that the right «ort of emigrants were not sent out to the colony, there being a sufficient number of masters. What was ? wanted was servants to work and bo civil, or capitalists who could import labour and throw away money on the barren sand of tho seaboard, in tho neighbourhood of tho Swan Iii vcr. They seemed to ignore tho fact that servants who emigrate do so in tho hopo of becoming master.', and capi- talists can find more congenial outlets in direc- tions botter known and nearer homo. Besides, tho ghost of Colonel Lo Tuar's expedition hung about tho avenues of speculation in London, and held up a finger when Swan Uiver was mentioned as a field for remunerative investment. Tho immigrants, from thoir number anti diver- sity of occupations, fell into a cort of intermediate section of themselves, and huddling about tho towns performed all tho mechanical work, opened ßhops, conducted gardening operations, and all tho small work at which their limited means en- abled them to eke out a living without going into actual servitude. It ia to this class, aa it became augmented by influx of mombors or converts mado from tho Conservative ranks and tho former servants, that Í3 duo any progress tho colony luis mado in extending trade arid settlement, opening tip now countrj', and devolopiug tho mineral and timber resources of that part of Australia. Struggling along, they gradually attained a strength and infiuenco through trade, and by helping and encouraging a small farming population in newly opencd-np districts havo at last, it seems, Giicceeded iu gett ing a purchase on tho lover by which tho colony is to be elevated to tho staudard of her neighbours. Jhit wo arc travelling too rapidly; to continue in order, let ns return to where wo left the Governor. Captain Stirling, tho "ounder of tim colony and tho towns of lAv/mantlo, Perth, and Guildford, on tho banks of tho Swan, going homo in Sep- tember, 1832, left Captain Irwin administering tho Government. Thia ofilcor was a settler having an ostato on tho Swan. Ho con- tinued in chnrgo till September, 1833. Captain Daniol thou administered tho affairs of tho colony till tho following May, when Captain 13 eoti? acted until tho rot urn ! !ofiCáp^ii(,'j(iio^.''Si{> Jamos) Stirling in Ángnst cf 1 the- sanm' yóari Sir" Jamos carno- out with tho i commission 'and status of a full governor, and . administered tho Government till December, 11838\. As an administrator he used to bo spolci n of in the highest terms by (lie old settlers of nil olas'scs for his plain, practical, good management with the small means at his disuosa.l, thougla senti- mentally an enthusiastic Scotchman. The writer of those papers, whon a lad 30 years ago, has listened to some quaint old stories told by the old settlors of thc early days. Tho subjects were then fresh in many mouths that have sinco passed away, and aro forgotten or unknown to the present generation, but Governor Stirling's name, was constantly coupled with tho principal inci- dents of settlement, when tho allusion to him waa mado more in tho light of a resident inhabitant than in his capacity as Governor. Indeed it could hardly bo otherwise, as tho interest ho felt in thc progress of tho young settlement rendered his presjmco necessary in many places besides Govern- ment House. A fow years ago a venerable slump of a gum-tree stood in a grant off Cuff-street, botvreon Samson's and tho HKIIM/D ollice, under which Captain Stirling used to hold his court, silting as judge and magistrate. On ono occasion two of tho in- habitants of Fromantle, who had quarrelled and fought oaoli other, were here put on their trial for having broken the peace. Tho ono found in tho wrong was convicted and sentenced to walk up and down during two hours dnily, for a number of da.ys, under this tree ; and such was tho re- spect in which this kind of administration of jus- tice was held that tho mau underwent his punish- ment with strictness and retrularitv of a time piece. At thc appointed hour, leaving his work, ht would proceed to tho tree and there mai'cli up and down within tho defined limits of tho spaco allotted him, to tho nmntcment and ridicule of passers- by. Another inhabitant being sentenced to a month in gaol for soino Bimi1 ar oil'onoo, used to work about town all day, got his meals at homo, and then go to tho gaol-house and sleep there at night. Such were tho «imple and judi- cious moans by which ho kept the inhabitants fixïm internal quarrels, lent tho settlement should suffer thereby,.and at tho «ame time kept up the requisite degree of respect for authority. I Tho successor lo Governor Stirling \ras John Hutt, Esq. Ho nssumod charge en tho 2nd Jnñuary, 1830, and administered tho Go- vernment to December, TRIS. Colonel Clarko wa3 then appointed to the Government in February, 1S4G ; he died in February, 1847 ; and Licut.-Colonot Irwin acted again 1 ill the arrival of Governor Fitzgerald, m August, IRIS. His coming was the advent of a new era, which had boen in hatching for a year before. We must now return to whero we left the settlers, and sketch their behaviour up to this point. The Conservatives mcanwhilo gained strength by tho addition to thoir numbers of an occasional stray wait" from tho old country or from India with introductions, and these being once initiated became devoted adherents of tho Conservativo causo, sliding with tho increase of establishments into Government appointments, so that between tho augmentation from this source, and that brought about by tho natural order of procreation tho party wore enabled to hold their own in per- petuity. With them thc servant cry continued, and in order to provide tho want they asked for and received several shipments of juvenile offenders from tho reformatory prison at Park- hurst, Isle of Wight, These were called Park- hurst boys, although men in years. But their behaviour soon gave riso to a scare j and a mur- der committed by one of them on the son of a settler-the first murder committed in the colony-was luckily tho causo of a stop being put to this importation. Overtures were thon made to tho Indian Government to supply the colony with Kling3 from Madras and tho Coro- mandel coast. Tho terms of tho company's go- vernment wero too exacting, howevor, in favour of tho coolies, and otho scheme fell through. China was now looked to for tho reouired article, and just then tho newly-formed British settlement of Hongkong-another beauty spot, by the way, whero tho proteges of the colonial office grow pompous and nlieiE loving ad infinitum - providing a market for sandal wood, tho preparation of this article for shipment was made tho plea or pretext for importing a number of Chinese, and the labour market was henceforth to be supplied with this element. But John wns found wanting; he was declared to be indolent, in fact lazy, and soon lost cast in tho competitive field of labour. It was quickly discovered that it took three China mcn.a month tocut and clean a ton of sandal wood, and that one good adzo man belonging to thc colony could cut and clean four tons in tho samo time. Tho Chineso therefore had to talco a biiek scat, and they drifted into basket and cane chairinaking, fishing on tho river, dealing in fowls and eggs, and such like light employments, at which tho Europeans were not export, and the balance went as domestic servants. But tho im- portation was discontinued. 'J'he events we have rapidly sketched bring us down to the period immediately prior to the con- vict ora. The controlling party had now ex haustod every resource in thoir oilorts to get cheap labonr in tlio freo marta of the world and were still unsuited, though successive Governors had lent their sympathy, their aid and influence, to work out an ignoble policy, and had hacked up tho cry, " Wo want cheap labour." What was really wrong all along waa that tho colony had boon settled by tho wrong class of people-tho property-owning and influential of tho colonials, who fiad grasped up all thc land in thc Buttled districts and divided it between thom, were want- ing in that information commonly known as busi- ness knowledge, and lacked tho spirit of energy and enterprise necessary to successful colonisa- tion,while they wore blindly persistent iuadhering to their conservative principles of classification. Thoy belonged to tho old school of officer aud gentleman class, who were fond of ruling, and esteomod it thoir special right to control tho affairs of tho colony in all things as they would a rogiinont, a man-of- war, or an estato among tho poor peasant population of sonic outlying.county, as thin;, s wcro dono in thoso tlays^ Looking to India, whence soino Nabob- was.' expected to fly over and establish a stud-that should produce roniounts for tho cavalry corps of tho East India Company, they ignored tho .existence of greater wealth nearer homo, they wera looking for a big thing to como from a distance ; meanwhile the Americans sent hundreds of ' ships annually that hovered about |tho const and took away hundreds of millions of gallons of oil, caught within sight of their principal ports, from Albany in the south-east to Fremantlo in tho west. Beyond producing a few horses and a little wool no attempt had as yet beon made to scrape together anything to form a regular export, and attract shipping pevio iically. The little export of sandal wood had given a slight impulse to traffic, which, however, drew off attention from agriculture and threatened tho townspeople with fnmino. At this juncture New South Wales and Tas- mania declined to receive any moro of England's convicts, and tho old Conservatives of West Aus- tralia thought they saw in tho convict system tho long looked for desire of their hearts- chimu labour. They saw, also, what was si ill moro dear to them, fat livings for themselves during life, and posts under Government for their sons and j numerous connections. Accordingly, thov crabbed afc tho offer marlo, and in order to mal;c certain of their object, petitioned tho home Governmc-nt io maleo their colony a convict settlement. William 'Burgo?, an active member of the Conservativo committee engaged in soliciting signatures to tho petition, and afterwards resident magistrate of tho Victoria (Champion Bay) district, meeting George Christmas (ono of tho early agricultural labourers who had como into a little property in Grass Valley by hard saving) on tho York-road, J hold forth voluminously on the many blessings to be derived from tho convict system. "Those colonies have now got a start, George," said Burg., s ; " that's why they want them no longer. We sh ill get ch oap labour, and bo able to sell our ?beef aud mutton, George." . . *' Yr.'R," replied Christmas, " and you will got infamy, too, Mr. Burgos," and hr; refused to sign the petition. Twenty-five years after this conversation took place William Burges'a nephew, a magistrate of the colony afc tho time, was puk on his trial at Perth, for shooting a wild aboriginal black in self-defence. The occurrence took place some 300 miles away from any settlement, when Burges was crossing from lioebourne with his flocks and herds to tho Victoria district, a distance alto- gether of about SOO miles. Ho was charged with murder. Thc witnesses against him were two conviet servants and an aboriginal black. Their testimony was so worth'OES that even the Crown prosecutor asked the jury to discard it from their minds. Yet they had clothed their story with GO much mystery from tho first, and before tho trial had put into circulation such an amount of depre- ciatory talk--which, in a small town like Perth, gavo a bias to tho fooling and sentiment, as woll as perverted tho judgment, of tho class from which the jury was chosen-that they were mainly instrumental in convicting Burges, who was sen- tenced to five years' penal servitude. (TO nu CONTINUED.) Honri L'Estranges baa boen granted tho uso of tho Outer Domain for a balloon ascont. Several bands will play on tb.3 occasion. Altogether tho affair will bo a novelty and attractive Wo clip tho following from a Melbourne contom- j ¡;orary. It ia aa well Bomotimoa to hoar whut ou noighboura say :-Tho prospectus of tho Sydnoy and County Bank will bo found in our advertism¿ ?? aolumns. Thia ia a now institution which has boon proj:ctod by sotno wealthy Sidney business men, who havo seen that with a rapidly expanding trade which ia monopolised by a auiall numbor of vory p osporouo banka thoro is an excellent, opeuinir for another finch institution. Tho Hank of ÎSf>w South Wales pai i ii dividend of 17-i por cont. for tho last half year, n.nd tho Hliares stand in tho uaarkot at a preuiinm of 200 per cont. Tho Commercial Bank of Sydnoy pay 25 por OQjit., and uhnroM command LT>Q pnr cont, advance oftho amount culled up. Tho shares in tho least prosperous of thc Sydnoy banka command CO por cont.prominm, and pay 9 per cent. So aearou are pood securities in all these colonies, that ovcry olass of loßitimato investment ia eagerly sought after. It is anticipated thoroforo that thoao excellent prospects will provo a atronpr inducement to capitalista to sup I port tho newly projiictod bank. Tho AUSTRALASIAN of Friday has tho following commenta upon tho question of contempt of court : " It is protty evident that tho extraordinary proceed- ings of tho Supremo Court of N. S. "Wales in tho con- tempt ease affeoting tho EVENING NEWS newspaper will havo their proper effact in aoonor or later bring- ing about an alteration of tho law, which will restrain judges fi om arbitrary aots of this kind in future Tho general question carno boforo tho Assembly afow days ago, brought on by Mr. Buchanan moving tho second roading of a bill ho had introduced to deal with tho subject. This aft'ordod tho Attornoy- Conoral (Mr. "Wisdom) au opoortuuity of making a statoment of tho viows of tho Government on tho mattor. In his romarkn Mr. Wisciom drow tho obviouB distinc- tion botweon oontompts committed^ in tho face of tho court and oontompca committed outside. Tho bill whioh tho uovorninent meant to framo would lcavo to oourts tho power to punish oontempts com- mitted before thom, a power which is clearly oasontial to tho orderly admiuiatraton of justioo. Butit would 11 tako away from tho judges the.power ot' dealing summarily with oontompts committed outsido tho l'aco of tho couit. and lcavo oases of that kimi tobo dealt with by tho law of iniadomsanour." Thia Forana a Buflioiout and a roaaonablo rofonn, and if it is carried out tho tíj dnoy judgoa will havo boon tho un- intentional nioMifl of effecting a very bonniiiial amendment of Iho law. At tho «anio limo, if thoro ia iu tho proponed legislation a lesson for tho judíos, thoro in, wo talco it, a lesson for tho Parliament too, and ospeeially for Sir Henry Parkes. It is not long af/o siuoo that hon. gontloman was trying to work up agitation against tho Council for refusing to pass a law which would have invested tho Assembly with preou-ely tho power which itianow contemplated to talco from tho j udgoa. Pow po- Bona will bo diapoHnd to behove that a political AaBcinbly may l o moro safely trusted with an unlimitod power of dotorminiug and punishing in its own oaso what it ohooacn to ropard aa contempt than a bench of judges, and wo may fairly accept tho pro- posals of Sir Henry Parkoa'a Govornmont to-day ns a j withdrawal and oondomnation of Sir H. ParltOH's I proposals in tho oarlior matter to whioh wo rofor." 