A GHOST IN AFRICA. On the fifth day of our march from Iendwa I was, as usual, considerablyin front of my men, who with their loads were not able to walk as fast as myself. The sky threatened astorm, which made me hasten to reach Pam lilo. On approaching the village nobody was to be seen, the natives being either out in the field or in their houses out of the rain. The stockade presenited a rather uninviting ap pearance, being ornamented with a few hun dred human skulls in all conditions, from the freshly stuck-up head to the bleached cra. nium, and all apparently snapping their jaws at the thought of a new companion as the wind wheeled them backward and forward. However, the rain was falling fast, and there was no use of being squeamish. So into the village I marched unnoticed, and, finding out a hut with a broad, overhanging cave, I took refuge out of sight, waiting till my men came forward, in order that I might appear with appropriate pomp. I had been thus ensconced nearly ten minutes, when suddenly the still ness of the village was broken by a loud, pe culiar shoat. This was almost immediately taken up from every quarter of the village, until every stone seemed to yell out the strange cry. Drums added to the uproar, while women smreamed, and the men were seen to hurry toward the gates, shouting and brandishing their spears. I was very much ast,,nichsd at thh, but, supposing it was sim ply the fashionable mode of receiving a car. van, I remained still, expecting my men every minute. Hlowever, the uproar contin ued without abatement, and my men did not appear. Thinking there must be something wrong, I emerged from my cover. To my surpruie I found the gates closed, and the stockadeand crows' nests manned by an excited multitude brandishing their spears at some apparent enemy outside. It instantly flashed upon me that I was a prisoner, and cut off from my emen. My presence in the vil lage was evidenty unknown, for, on my ap. pearance among them, every voice was silent and the once ecited multitude seemed to Ihave become paralysed with fear. I was sup posed to be a ghst. Seeing this, I recovered my presence of mind, and striking an atti. 1 tude like Hamlet's ghost I inoved foriv rd With slow,' deliberate steps,'and a severe ex pression of face. At each step the warriors recoiled. Struck with awe, they looked at me' with staring eyes 'and open mouths in breathless silence. This was too much for me, and unable to keep up the character, I burst with an irrepressible roar of laughter. Tilhe effect of the laugh was treniendous. The amazed savages recoiled still further, leaving tile gate free. With a bound I reached it, and before they could recover their. senses it was open, and I was outside, to the unbounded joy of my men, who were trembling for my safety. 