The Phantom Horseman. By PICA QUAD. YES : I hare had a poop into tho mysteries of that curious oUBtom known by tho gonorio term of " Colonial exporionoo." My oxporionoo of tho mat- ter ia that it i8n't worth tho oandlo. Not that many oandloB aro necessarily asaooiatod with theacqniro montof a full knowlodgo of tho myetio rites. Tho introductory lecture may bo dolivorod bonoath a gilded roof, in tho midst of beautiful pictures, soft ? carpets, and fine furniture, illuminated by brilliant gas jete, flashing from a thousand prisms pendant to a-Btately gasalier. But tho initiation frequently takos plaoeby tho light of a slush lamp ina slab hut, with more holes than windows."and not moro to boast of in the way of furnituro than a rough tablo consist- ing of the top of a paokingr.caso nailed upon four B'akea driven into tho ground ; the seats, a huge atone, and two junlts of wood, Bawn from the trunk of a troo. Tho piotnros aro distinot, but tho oontrast of tho first lessons in colonial ex- perience aro very often as boldly marked. Ï am not prepared to say that oolonial oxporionoo is not nsc lul. On the ontrary, it has proved tho stepping stone to fortuno to many who have had tho pluok and eneray nocessary to turn tho knowlodgo to ac '. ; connt. But it is a very rough sohool, and its prizea ¡, , are for the few, not for tho many. A STAMPEDE OE CATTLE ON THE DARLING, NEW SOUTH WALES. I suppose I was ono of tho latter. At all ovonts, '?all tue prizoa lover pulled off wan a bad attack of ^rtturaatiam, and that is n. trophy that I fail to esti ? mate at a high rato. My doctors, however, may bo of a. different opinion, and probably attnoh a -..."higher value toit thnn Ido. I jndgo as mnoh by the high flgnro placed on their viows of tho subject , as displayed by their bills. I havo opportunities of knowing thc costliness of tho prize ; novo thalcss, [ have a uoor opmion of its vahío. But I didn't intend ' to prenoh a sermon on tho snbjeot of colonial ex- perience. It is rather a painful tupio with mo, in . ra?ro sonnes than ono. lint since I am oallod upon to ?' ?apin yon a virn my carly roniiniaconcas of my tíFo:tra toaoquirooolonial oxp"rionoo aronrccspanly involved, for thereby banus my tale ; I moan, of course, tho : t*l« of tho Phantom Horseman. Yes : I doro Bay yon have hoard tho liko before ; but as yon appear unoortnin on tho subipot, permit mo to donbt tho faot. At all events, whether yon have or havo not, allow mo to BU/scst that this is probably a ho'so of another ooioui-. Among my many oxoorionoos of colonial lifo Vn.3 boon that of oattlo drovincr. It isn't p. ccisoly tho lort of . thing that I should soloot. Bot thon a's twontv yearn ago, and I was hy HO much tho yonnpror and of oonrso not endowed with tho hue;o arnouut of wisdom' with which sown of my friondp, ynnn? and foolish, now fondly imaaino mo possotsed.} Itis probably a mis-' tako. But it would bo oruol to ou.b their ongor fano'oa. and uisaourago tho fond imaginings nftht-ir youthful minds. S.i I havo not dono so. Twonty ' yoarB atço I was not HO partionlar about my stooping arrangements. I have slopt as souud, sounder, indeed, with my bead resting on a saddle, a blankot round mo, and my foot to tho Oro, aB I havo ovor dono in a mosquito-nottod, spriug-mattrasscu, gilt and flowered four (poster. lt waa a wild, froo, rooklosa lifo, and nuitod ' my taato exaotly. I trust my taato has undorgono improve- ment sinoo that timo. Tho gontloman to whom I brought letters of recom- mendation dotorminod to RÍVO mo a pood doao of exporionoo at ono timo. Uenoo I was consigned to a station owned by tho firm on tho Darling. It isn't noooseary to ontor into a moro prooino dosoription j and aa the Darling: is a good many miloa in length, and numbera a "few" Btationa on ita banks and ita I tribntariea, it will be pleasant paatimo for thoao who j " know the country " to try and gnesa tho partionlar looality to which my story rolatoa. To those to whom tho Darling is no moro than any other darling, and somebody oise's at that, partionlar information ia not important. Suflioo to say I came (aftor a very sore journey of about 1200 milos on horBobaok) ; I saw (all that oonld bo aeon for bush) ; I oonquorod (tho mothod of riding a buokjumpor). Aftor boiDg initiated into all tho mysteries of station lifo on the Darling, our station being ono of tho pioneer aottlemonts considerably beyond tho utter- most bounds of civilisation, in those days, I began to thiaki liked it. But I must oonfoas to a homo sick nesa sometimes, and a hankering after aomo othor sooieiy than tho buta on tho outstations afforded. A few tamo blackfellows attached themselves to tho station. And occasionally the monotony wasbrokon by meeting a f ow wild ones on tho war path, whioh, though oxoiting1 and novol in tho light of apoara fly- ing around, oannot bo characterised aa pleasant on tho wholo. At all ovonts I prefer billiards. Aftor twolvo months hore word roaohod tho station that tho owners were desirous of selling out. Tho oountry, whioh was of extraordinary luxuriance in good seasons-and they had been unusually good iu my time-was heavily stocked. In ordorto seouro a good Ralo for the station it was determined to redooo itie number of ontLio considerably, and send a largo draught to market. Tue super, issued inttruotions for a muster, and in tho course of a few works oatt'o rolling fat woro fathered in oloeo to tho homo station. A largo stock yard, or Lush orush, was built, and tho oattlo run through, and oonntod. It was a hard tima for everjbody, tut at hist tho work was oompleted, and I do believe tho knowlodpo that souio ot us had a ohai 03 of a trip to Melbourne or Sydnuy-wo didn't know whioh-mado every tiling light. Atttr a hard daj in tho saddle from morning to nightfall, amid tho dust and miro of a thousand galloping hoofs, a pluntro in tho liver dose to hand wus oxcoedin* ly pleasant, and a night of sweet and unbroken sluuibor bnilt up tho tired frame again for tho hard labour of tho suooouding day. At'hiBttho work was oompleiod, and I was ono of those told off t o accompany ibo oattle to maikofr. It waa on tho 22nd Ucotmber, 185-, that, at daybrfak wo of tho firet oontingont got a oloar start of tho station with about 1500 hoad of fat bullocks, all splendid fellows, wild aa buol'H, fioroo as tigers, and active as raoors. They ataiti d on tho run at first, and didu't oaso dowu to a walk until they had çot ovor a oloar 10 miles; and ovpn when they did sottlo down, they wora uneasy and easily Btartod into runs. Bub it was our determination to make a good day of it, so as to render a rash back nt night not such u tomptin? thing for our horned ohargos to do. We made about twonty-flvo milos that day, and got almost oloar of our own boundaries, by travelling lalo, aftor having mado an carly start. That night and tho following ouo, about fifteen miles having been nogotiatod tho second day, tho cattle wcro roatlosB, and noodod constant watching. On tho third day wo did anothor nf toon miles, and campod in tho neigh- bourhood of a dark gloomy- looking gully on Christmas Evo. Our hornod friends woro by this timo bogin ning to fool tho effootn of tho rapid journoy of tho pant three days, and many of thom woro ovidontly anxious to camp. Still, many of thom wore wild, and kept tho others rostióos. It wasn't safo to turn , in, though wo wore all woary and tired, { It was well paßt nightfall boforo wo gob tho oattlo camped. Tho opot where onr Aro waa lighted, and aronnd which we gathorod, not HO muoh for warmth, but for light, waa in front of a pino aornb of consider- able donelty. lt did not oxtond moro than a fow hundrod yarda, however, and beyond waa a plain of faratrotohing extont, on which tho oattlo woro oampod-a low lying down, eomo prrazing, bnt many atill wild and fierce-looking, with hoada oroot, arid with restless oyea, aoomingly on tho alert for un- known dangora, or to ohargo any lurking foo. Tho immediate foreground waa tho dark- looking gully. Tho banka woro not stoop, but woro donooly oovorod with dwarf pino from top to bottom. On tho othor aido tho country was heavily timborcd, ohiefly with pino and atnntoJ box. Tho niqht waa fino, and a cool wind wns blowing. Thia, though rofreahing, waa chilling after the heat and perspiration of the long day's lido, A coat or blanliot thrown over tho shoulders was a oomfortabJo addition to our outward rig, I can toll you. Our party oonaistod of-oart-drivor and cook included-a liozon persons, and with BO largo a mob of oattle our work waB nono of tho oaBiost. Thoro waa lota to do for ovorybody. On this particular night we worein hopes of getting a good night's rest, but wo know it was no UBe turn- ing in for somo hours, as it would probably bo mid night boforo all tho restleaa ones of tho herd finally I mado np their minds that thoro was nothing much to bu ala, mod about. In our company was an individual, ono of tho drovora, whoso proper namo was Huben Brown. Ruben was a queer looking objeot anyhow. A pmall r. treaiing forehead did not beppoak a very largo supply of intellect. His nasal featuro of extra BIKO, and of tho kind known as Roman in structuro. Tho prominence of this important part bf his facial formation had obtainod for him tl»e sobriquet of " Nosoy Rubo " among his mates on tho station,, tronomlly shortoncd into Nosoy " in common con- versation. HÍB body was long and lanky, and his lora, gonerally ononsed in tight pari ta and leather leggings, presented tho appearance of being of equal thickness from tho nnklo to tho thigh. " Nosey" was a foarleBB horseman, export among oattlo, and in ovory wuy a useful station hand. Ho know no other work, and on tho road with oattlo his experionoo, which amounted moro nearly to what wo know as instinct, waa invaluable Ho waa usually taciturn, and quiot in his demeanour, and of a soomingly mel- ancholy temperament. No ono who know bim would oall him imaginativo. Ho was too matter of faot for any suspicion of that kind to present itsolf. Hia lifo appoarod always terribly in oarnost. Thero wns still an hour to midnight, and it waa no U83 turning in boforo. Four of tho mon woro away at various points on watoh. Tho oihor oight loft at tho firm included tho boss, "Nosoy" Rubo, tho cook, tho drivor of tho waggonotto with tho tnokor, throo of tho drovora and myaolf. " Well bovs," said Mr. Bowler, tho drover in ohargo " it is not likely that tho oattlo will pottlo down for anothor hour, and it's no UBO hoping for a anooxo until thon. Büüidoa, tho middlo watch begins at twolvo, and tho going out of ono lot and tho coming in of tho other is protty sure to wako us up, if wo try to sloop. This is Christmas Evo. Who can spin a yaru to koop us awnko ? That's tho propor thing to do, on Christ- mas Evo, I think, oh P" " Right yon aro, bosa !" said Thompson, ono of tho hands. " But who is going to spin itP" ".Oh, Noaoy ought to bo ablo to toll us something, 1 put in Dicky Dixson," a cockney w&tornion;, full of fan* and frolio, a very bad rider, bntTpluok to tho baokbone and spinal murrow. ."". "Well, he'a seen a lot of Ufo, at all OTAntSj.; especially among oattlo, kangaroos, and black- fellows," said anothor. " Now, Rubo, yon soo how it' is. We Want tho story. Somebody must toll it. Publie opinion points to yon, my boy; and I think you're not the man to show that confidence roposod in you in any way oan possibly bo miaplaood." "Thanks, bosa. But I don't fool mUoh on the ' yarn to-night. I fool kindor gloomy, aomohow. It's this oonfonndod gully horo. You seo I know tho plaoo. and I don't like it. Thoro'a a dark tale connootod with it ; and though I've como over it lota of times, I novar campod boro boforo, and I wish wo hadn't now." And Bubo Icokod round in a nervous sort of way that attraoted everybody's attention. " Oh, thoro's a dark talo about it, ia there ?" said Thormaon. "Dooa it bolong to a dark horso, eh? Lot's hoar tho yarn, anyhow." "The yarn! the yarn !" waa tho croneral ory. All hands Bottled down ; and Bubo, after a little moro porauaBion, commenced his story. Shortly stated, it is this. Well, way back from this gully, about twenty miles, thoro's a oattlo station, ono of tho first taken up in thoso parts. My father was ono of tho hands thero, and tho story I havo to toll is from hia lips. Another station hand was Harry Bell, a daBhinff young stockman, handsome, b'ave, and a general favourite. This purt of tho station wasn't muon usod In thoso dayB. Thcro wns plenty of feed on the otherf whioh was besides well watered, and more un- dulating, affording sholter winter and summer m ita gullies. But sometimes stray bnllooka did Rot over thia road ; ovorj now and then a scaroh was made, and a few hoad always reoovered and driven .back to tho ordinary grnrinsr grounds. Ono day Harry was out on this work, and reached thia gully. In hiß search for oattlo, whioh some- times plant amongst thg timber ho ontorod tho pine scrub yondor. In the thiokest part of it ho earns Budddonly on a hut, constructed of bark, pine snp , lingB and fronds. Hurry nearly foll from his horse in astonishment. He had nevor heard or seen a livinsr Boni in the neighbourhood, and didn't think thoro was a white faoo within a hundrod milos of tho station, the hands employed excepted. It wasn't a blaok'o gunyah. That was evident at onoe. It must thou bo tho placo of abodo of somo whito. There ! wero, moreover, a few utensils ontaido, suoh ns a tin ' buokot used for boilintr, a tin dish, an axe, and other I artioloB lying about. Tho pine fronds almost covored tho roof, which waa low ; in abort, it waa ovidont at a glanoo that tho hut waa orcotod with a viow to con* ooalmont. Harry soon recoverod from hie aurpriao, afcddotor minod to find out if tho myBtoriouB dwolling contained any oooupnnt. Making his way to tho low door of bai k, without dismounting ho gavo ono or two loud knocks with tho haudlo of his stock whip. In a moment afterwards tho door oponed, and Dick noarly toro_ his oyolids aaundor iu tho oxtromity of thoir O2>oning astonishment. Boforo him otood a young girl-not moro than twenty at moat. Sho wa» vory hnndsomo. . That waa tho first thought that ontorod Harry's mind aftor tho first fow momonts of astonishment. Harry didn't know much about fairies or ho might havo thought abo waa ono. His kuowlodgo of angola was alao limitod, or ho might havo imagined that ltia oompnnion was ono. His idoas of visions woro anything but woll dovolopod j aud his digestion waa too good to bolievo in ghosts. BosidiBj ho quiokly found, oui that hjfl fair ** friend wasn't a ghoat, bnt substantial fleBh and blood, and a vory good speoimon of tho material at that. It waa ovidont also that tho girl|waa as aatoniahed |aa| ho waa, What did it mean-thia fair oroaturo alono in tho bush, in a hut by herself-for ho couldn't BOO another aign of a Hying being. ' "I-I-thought it was father!" stammered tho . aatoniahed girl. " What did you ploaao to want air?" she continued. Harry explained that he was looking for oattlo, and entored tho scrub in acaroh of skulkers. . But I don't rightly know tho rest of tho interview. Harry appoarod rathor confused on tho point himsolf. I only know-at least father has of ton told mo so that Harry often had occasion to look for cattlo on this aide of tho station. On ono o£ those absoncos it was Christmas Evo, by tho way-a messenger arrived at tho station with instructions to aond Harry on to Sydney at onoo, aa his ovidenoo waB wanted in an important law-suit, involving tho ownership of much valuablo proporty. There was not a moment to loso. Ho would have to ride hard to roaoh town in time-thorô waa no railway over the mountains in thoao days. Without his testimony tho ownera would loso thoir oaao, and many thou- sands of pounds as well. Thero waa a ory-out for Harry, but ho wasn't to be iouud any whoro. At last ' my father remembered tho adventuro in tho scrub, and the frequont absences. Tho caso waa proasing, and no time waa to be loat. He volunteered to go in soaroh of Harry. In oompany with another Brock- man he Btarbod for tho Bomb. It was dark when they started, but tho moon was bright, and ic didn't take thom long to nogotiato tho twenty miles ta the spot. But to find tho hut was not so easy. After a long aearoh they halted on tho margin of tho aorub, as it might bo about hore. By jovo ! Thoro's tho blaokened stump I've heard my father talk about, where they wore both sitting, filling thoir pipos, while tho horses wore spelling a few minutes. While so engaged they wore both struok with tho silenoe of tho night. Tho moon, bright, full, and clear,' shone out with an effulgence almost equal to the noonday sun. Father waa just going to strike a matoh and light his pipo when proaontly .a ruahing Sound, aa if of a horse in fall caroer through tho Bomb, was heard. Both my father and his mato sprang to their feet, and instantly olutohod tho handles of their stock whips, to the long thongs of whioh their horsos' bridles were attached. The animals reared and plunged, «nd ahowod all the ovtdanooB caf torror. But in a raomont the tw» mon wero in the saddle Noaror and noarer carno the rushing sound-tho. sound '.ot hoof orashing ovar broken limbs of troos-of the body "swishing" through tho branohoa. What conld bo tho moaning of tho myatoriona sound. No horas of hia own aocord would mah like that in Buch a plaoo. No rider in his BenBas would urgo a horse to suoh spood through the scrub. There waa aomothing in it. Thoy had not long to wait for a solution of tho mystery. While . yet they wondered, qr had timo to collect their startlod sonsos, a sight burst on their gaze that al- most froze tho marrow in their bonos, and onrdled the blood in thoir veins. Through tho aorub rushed a powerful black horse, whioh my fathor and his mate, alarmed as they wore, at onoe recognised as Harry's. But that waa not all. Mountod on the careering steed was a form which they also recognised as that of the young friend of whom thoy were iii soaroh. But oh! horror of horrors! The form was headless ! On wont tho maddonod horse, with his life- less barden-passing thom liko a&\whirl wind, his eyeballs staring and rod as blood, his nostrils distended with terror, snorting, foam spooks flying right and loft-urged as it woro by tho loosely fl ipping logs of his headless rider. It was a terrible momnnt. Hut both tho onlookers wore mon of strong nerve. In loss time than it takes to tell it they wero in the saddle aud in full gallop af tor the terrified horas and hiB ghastly freight. Biding rapidly through tho gnlly, thoy proceeded almoat a milo farther, and tùen tho full horror ol' tho wholo affair w<»s before thom. On tho farther sido of a hugo log lay tho body of tho horso, his neck broken, and his shoulder orushed to a soft pulp, in the attompt to elear tho obst uotion bofora him, Lashod to tho saddlo by ropes and his own saddle- straps was tho bîdy of poor Harry. But, alas, it was headless. The head had boen taken olonn off, and by a sharp weapon also. Tho blood had flowed ovor tho o'jost and clothing, and altogether it was a terrible flight. The blood was still fluid. Tho crime could not havo been oominitted an hour. To discover and punish the perpetrators; was tho thought that flashed through the minds of both tho onlookors of tho remains of the horrible tragedy. " To the hut, " theyoriod togethor, and again mounting thoir horses, they rodo like marinion in tho dirootion whence the careering horse and- his hoadless ridor had just come. As ii guided by instinct, tnoy wont straight for the hut they had provioualy spout boura in trying to find. But little was obtained by tho visit. All they found WAS a hoap of smouldering ashes. Tho hnj; had boon dostroyod by fire. I nood soarooly say moro. Tho two mon rode to tho station as quickly as posBiblo. Assiatanoo waa proourod, and tho romaine of poor Harry conveyed homowards, and tho follow- ing day consigned to thoir last roating- plaoo on tho -banka of tho creek. Although diligent search was rflado, tho head of the murdered man could novor bd found. But some- thing olso waa discovered. A few yards from whore the hut originally stood an axe, Bharp and now, but stained with blood, was found. Thoro Waa little doubt that that waa tho instrument of Harry's murder. Ol tho murdorora littlo trace could bo obtained, iJiaok traokors wore omployed, and the traoks of throo persons-two mon, and ono whom tho blaokfollöws said was a woman-wore followed to tho rivor's bank, and then loat for over. I havn't muoh moro to toll. My fathor got a big ahook that night, and . ho waa novor tho samo (afterwards. A yoar after wares ho happonod to bo in tho aatno neighbourhood, on.the anniversary of tho aamo day. Ho came homo white and soared. Ho told my mother, and my mother af tor warda told mo, that ho'd eoon Harry tak- ing hia wild rido again. I don't know muoh about it. Bat Bomohow tho placo baa got a bad namo, and drovora gonorally givo it a wido borth. Strange noises aro heard by thoao who camp hore. But nobody doos that who knows tho spot. Tho placo has got tho name of hoing hauntod, and old stookmon say that Harry doos his wild doath-rido ovor again on every Christmas Ego. And, boss, I think yon Baid thia ÍB Christmas Evo 1" # # « « fi W « Nosey Bubo had soarcoly finiahod his story and ' mado the laat quovy whon a ntrango sound waa hoard proceeding from tho dirootion of tho aorub, in front of whioh wo woro camped. Inatmotivoly ovory man sprang to bia foot, and with startled faces listonod. Nearer and nearer came tho maning, crashing sound, and tho visages of tho listoners booaino palor in tho moon- light. Prosontly it drow oloaor ' otill, and ovory man olonohod hia banda and drow hard his broath. \- A momont af tor a horao in amad wild gallop broko through tho no^ab, into tho opon and thty full light pf thp moon. And thon tho blood almoat Iroso in my veins ! As I am a living sinner, tho rider on that wildly malling horse waa without a hoad 1 A headless horseman ! Tho horso ! Tho time tho place ! Tho wholo ead story of Harry, aa told by Nosoy Bubo, flashed upon my momory, and I stood as if rootod to tho spot with horror ! Jüven in my own wild terror I remember tho faco of Hubo ! It was as tho pioturo of all that it is possible to imagino aa frightful. It was sublimo in ita aamolosB agony -tho vory intonsity of torror ! I shall novor forgot that faco. It waa aa tho countenanoa of ono from whom all form of intellect has boon aaddonly beaton out, and but tho aomblanoo of humanity uunttorablo in its vacuity, and y ot its terrible moan- ing of despair prcsorvod-loft. J3ut little timo for snell observation, or roiloofcion of any kind wau afforded. On went tho horse, with his hoadlosa rider, tho arms waving about as if ges- ticulating violontly. Oh ! it was a sorry and a fear- ful eight, I can toll you, and I wouldn't ovon now liko to go through a Bindiar oxperionco. Aa wo all gazod in breathless roar and astonish mont wo hoard in smothorod tones, aa if from a long diatanoe " Wolli if this ain't a blamed fino old go. Can't got my blamod hoad clear of this blamed blanket. Woa, Thunder-blam yo ! Woa there. Sput I'll have my blamod brains knookad out-blamod if I don't. Hi! Boss ! Stop that bald faao demon ! He's dono it all-Btartod tho wholo mob, and them coming liko ono o'clock ! Lookout! Hero they como." Thon we know that it waan't a real ghost or any sort of apparition at all, but the very substantial body, thiok hoad and all, of Ned Saltbtteh, ono of tho hands on watch. Tho matter waa soon explained afterwards, but not thon. A la-ge bald faood bullock that had already given na much trouble broke away, and Nod had of oourao to head him back to the camp. Intending to eive him a good warming with hi3 atook whip, and finding the Mexioan ponoho ho waB wearing interiore oonaidorably with his arm, ho endeavoured to Blip it ovor hia head. But the opening waa small, and Nod't hoad waa big, and tho matter was not so easily jjjggO' tiated. In tho moantimo the old atofck horso knen his work, and was in full swing after tho bald faced bulloak, making straight for homo. Ned in his irrr tation must have touqhod old Thundor wit! his spur, and sont him into tho mad gallop we witnessed. At the momont borsa anc rider emerged from the aorub, Nod hac got tho ponoho to hlB oars, and there it stuck, thu« prcBenting tho appearance as he passed us, of homo without a head. That explained tho matter. It wat a relief to (ind that we hadn't really had an interview with a genuine phantom horseman. Wo were suffi ciontly alarmed by mooting tho counterfeit of thaf interesting person. In the moantimo wo had something else to do. Ae Nod warned ns, we had to look out indood. Th( whale mob were on tho stampede. That bald faced demon had started tho whole oaboo 'le, and wo wore in the middle of it. We had little time to think On oamo the mob of 1500, bellowing and snorting with tails and hoada in tho air, wild and fierce aa £ company of liona, and quito as fcariosa and dan goroua. At the first round of the onsot all tho horaei but one had brçkon away, and that would have fol lowed the rest but for the efforts of Nosey Rube ant Thompson, whose combipod efforts barely suffiood t< reatrain the fortified animal. Onward rolled the hort of oattlo. malling and trampling on eaoh other. I waa a wild sight I can tell you, and I don't wan such anothor Christmas Evo for a while. Wo go the mob headed and rounded np again at last, anc eventually readied our destination. J3ut iro los over 200 hoad from tho effects of that stampede. On roaching Molbourno I conoludoo I had auflioion colonial experience of that so t, and determined ti try some other kind. That's how it is I am hore lt ia not quito so eventful as oattlo drovine, but thoi I have an objootion to phantom horaomon. Woll boys, I hopo you've had a Merry Christmas, and tha you havo a Happy New Yoar before you. It's timi to goto press ! 