? BY THE AUTHOR OP "LADY AUDITS SECRET," " AURORA FLOYD," &C.; CHAPTER XIX. RECOGNITION AND A DISAPPOINTMENT. Violet attended the rehearsals at the Circenses with unfailing regularity, and won the warm praises of Mr. Maltravers, the stage-manager, both for her punctual habits and her quiet manners, which were in strong contrast with the noisy chatter and clamorous laughter ot some of the giddy careless girls employed in the theatre. The interior of the theatre was like a strange world to this girl, who had been reared in the reEned atmosphere of home. Esther Vanberg and her companions treated the new-comer as an intruder. They would have been very kind to her, perhaps, had she been an ordinary-looking girl, the homely muddy-complexioned sort of young person whom other girls speak of as "a dear;" but she was something very different. Her undeniable beauty inspired all manner of malice, envy, and uncharitableness; and these young ladies did their uttermost to render the theatre uncomfortable to her. They did their uttermost, but they failed most completely; for Violet's thoughts were so far removed from theirs that she scarcely felt any annoyance from their sneers or their insolence. Strange as this unknown world behind the curtain seemed to her, she was supported by the knowledge that she was earning money that would at least secure her mother from actual privation; and she was comparatively happy. At last the eventful night arrived on which the new burlesque was to be performed. Violet was by this time perfectly familiar with the easy task she had to perform. Her dress was ready for her, and no expense had been spared to render the costume magnificent. Even Violet Westford, unconscious though 6be ordinarily was of her own attractions, could scarcely fail to recognize the perfection of the face and figure she saw reflected in the glass when the finishing touch had been put to her dross, and a 6tarry circlet placed upon her sunny hair, which was allowed to fall in wavy masses that reached below her waist. She went downstairs to the stage, and was warmly complimented by Mr. Maltravers on her appearance. He saw her seated in a fairy temple which formed the central feature of the gorgeous scene that was to conclude the extravaganza, and then left her. In a few minutes the front scene would be drawn aside, and Violet Westford would find herself face to face with a London audience. Her heart beat quickly; for though she had nothing more to do than to sit in statuesque repose upon a gilded throne and look beautiful, she could not help being a little alarmed at the prospect of finding herself the focus of all the eyes in the crowded house. On one side of the temple Esther Vanberg was placed amongst a group of girls ranged on gilded pedestals, for the scene was one of those displays of pretty young women and gorgeous stage decoration which Mr. Euskin condemns on aesthetic principles. The Jewess was talking loudly while waiting for the scene to be unclosed. " Pretty !" she exclaimed scornfully; " if Mr. Maltravers calls that piece of fair-haired insipidity a beauty, I don't think much of his taste. She's about as fit to be the Queen of Beauty as the snuffy old woman who cleans out the theatre." Violet knew that this elegant speech referred to her i but she knew also the envious feeling which dictated it, and she was not disturbed by her rival's malignity. But as Esther Vanberg spoke Violet turned almost involuntarily to look at her. The Jewess was splendidly dressed, and looked very handsome; but the hollowness of her cheeks and the feverish brightness of her eyes were visible, in spite of the rouge and other cosmetiques which she used to enhance her beauty. As Violet looked at those dark eyes, some memoiy, which she was powerless to put into any distinct Bhape, arose in her mind. "Where and when had she seen such eyes as thoseI She could not answer the question; but she knew that she had at some time or other encountered a gaze which was now recalled to her by that of Esther Vanberg. Miss Westford had no time to ponder upon this question, for the scene was unclosed, and she saw before her the crowded theatre, with its myriad faces and dazzling lights. A tremendous burst of applause followed the unclosing of the scene, for the final tableau of the new burlesque was a miracle of the scene-painter's art. For some moments Violet could only see a confused mass of faces and glittering lamps; then little by little the scene grew clearer to her eyes, and she could distinguish single feces from among the crowd. She saw beautiful women—aristocratic-look- ing m e n. She saw hundreds of opera-glasses, Sch aU seemed to be levelled at hereeli She saw humbler sight-seers gazing with enraptured countenances upon the scene irom the Olympus of the eighteen-penny gallery, and little childreii applauding - vehemently with their chubby hands. Then, as the scene was a long one, and as she had nothing to do during ite progress, her gaze wandered idly about the house, now restbig here, now lingering there, attracted by the novelty of the scene. ,. , „ Suddenly she started, and trembled from head to foot. In the dress-circle—jn a corner nearest ttie stage—she had recognized a man sitting alone, with his arms folded on the velvet cushion, his eyes fixed dreamily on the scene before him, as if in utter absence of mind. This man was George Stanmore the painter! The recognition had set Violet's heart beating violently. But she remembered where she was, and the myriad eyes that were upon her. By a powerful effort of self-control she restrained all outward token of emotion. Geoige Stanmore's dark eyes were still fixed upon vacancy, rather than on the dazzling scene at which all the rest of the audience were looking; and as Violet watched those dark eyes, a sudden fancy startled her, almost as much as she had been startled by her first recognition of the artist. She perceived a singular resemblance between the eyes of George Stanmore and those of the Jewess, Esther Vanberg. This was the likeness which had so puzzled her only a few moments before the unclosing of the scene. It was strange ; and Violet was grieved at finding a likeness between the man she loved and the figurante, whose short youth had been one career of folly and extravagance. It was strange; but these accidental resemblances are of frequent occurrence, so Violet did not long puzzle herself about the subject. She was too much absorbed by the knowledge that the plighted lover from whom she had been so long separated was now before her. Surely he must speedily recognize her, as she had recognized him. She did not consider that she saw Georgo Stanmore in his everyday habiliments; while he beheld her in the complete disguise of a brilliant stage costume, and moreover in a- position which he could not have supposed she would occupy. Presently, however, she saw him rouse himself from his reverie and look at the stage. He had no opera-glass; but he started, and looked at Violet with a prolonged and eager scrutiny. " Yes," she thought, "he recognizes me; I knew that he would do so. And now, how will he act? Will my appearance in this place disgust and annoy him? Will the change in our circumstances produce an alteration in his feelings? Will he despise the woman who has sunk from affluence to poverty, or will he respect my endeavor to earn a livelihood by any means in my power?" Violet asked herself these questions, but in her heart she never doubted the fidelity of the man she loved. He had recognized her, and he would doubtless leave the box immediately, and hasten to the stage- door, whence he could send her a message or a letter. But to her surprise he did not hasten to quit his seat. He sat quite still, gazing fixedly at her until the curtain fell and shut him from her sight. Then Violet fancied that he had only waited for the fall of the curtain, preferring to wait rather than to disturb the people about him by rising in the middle of a scene. She left the stage, where the confusion caused by the shifting of the scenery was something beyond description. She left the tumultuous chaos of noisy carpenters and ponderous machinery, and hurried to the room in which she dressed, in company with Esther Vanberg and about half-a-dozen other girls. Her heart throbbed with a new sense of happiness, her cheeks were flushed with expectation, her hands trembled as she removed her fantastic dress, and plaited her long hair. She had no ears for the loud talk of her excited companions, who were noisily discussing the success of the scene they had been engaged in and the relative merits of their several costumes, or speculating and disputing as to who was or who was not in " front," the front in question bping that portion of the theatre which has been more elegantly described as the auditorium. Every moment Violet expected to hear her name pronounced outside the door of the dressing-room; every moment she expected to be summoned, in order that a letter or message might be given to her. But no letter, no message came. Half-anhour, and then the greater part of an hour, passed. Violet had dressed herself veiy slowly, lingering over the operation in expectation of a summons ; but she had now put on her bonnet and shawl; she was ready to go home; and her mother, the careful anxious mother, to whom this ordeal of her daughter's was unspeakably painfal, would be waiting ia the hall by the stage-entrance, ready to escort the debutante home. Clara Westford had insisted upon coming to fetch Violet from the theatre. Lionel was away, and the girl had now no male protector. How could the devoted mother rest within doors, with the knowledge that her daughter was exposed to all the perils of insult and annoyance in the half-deserted London streets ? Poor Violet could not linger any longer in the dressing-room with the knowledge that her mother was waiting for her below. No words can tell the bitternesss of her disappointment. Only those who have known a life as joyless and hopeless as heiw, had been of late, can imagine the anguish, which she felt as she saw her brightest and most cherished dream fade away from her. Throughout her sorrows her heart had been sustained by a belief in George Stanmore's constancy, a deap and heartfelt confidence in his affection, which circumstances might shake but could not destroy. Now that fondly treasured hope was crushed all at once. He had seen her after a long separation which should have made her a hundredfold more dear to him; he had seen her, he had recognized her, and yet had made no effort to approach her. " He despises me in my altered fortune," she thought bitterly; " he has been to the neighborhood of the Grange perhaps, and has heard of our losses; and now that he sees me struggling to earn a living as best I may, he despises me. It was all very well for him to talkEO nobly about the worshippers of Mammon while he thought me the daughter of a rich man, but he is not disinterested enough to forgive the sin of poverty in the woman he pretended to love." CHAPTER XX. THE MARQUIS OP ROXLEYDALE. From the night of that first performance of the burlesque at the Circenses, Violet Westford's life was one long conquest over self— one long act of womanly heroism. The noble-hearted girl was determined that her mother should be kept in perfect ignorance of her grief. Had not that dear mother already suffered enough? Did she not still • 6uffer unceasingly for the loss of the best and truest of husbands 1 Violet had not told her mother the secret of her love when its object had appeared thoroughly worthy of her affection. She could not now reveal it, when to do so would have been to stamp her lover as a traitor. She had been ashamed of her clandestine engagement from the first ? she was doubly ashamed of it now, when the falsehood of her lover seemed to be a punishment for the secrecy that had attended her attachment to him. "If I know that he is heartless and mercenary, I can at least hide the knowledge from others," she thought. "If I cannot myself respect him, I can at any rate shield him from the contempt of strangers." Alas for poor Violet! All this suffering, which was so much harder to bear than the worst stings of poverty, might have been saved her. All this pain arose from a very natural misconception. She had herself recognized George Stanmore, and she had imagined it impossible that he could fail to recognize her. She had seen his gesture of surprise, his scrutinizing gaze, so fixed in its earnestness, which had lasted until the falling of the curtain ; and she fancied that gesture and gaze could only arise from Mr. Stanmore's recognition of her. But it was not so. The artist had not recognized in the fair fece of the Queen of Beauty the innocent countenance of the girl lie had wooed and won in the New Forest. George Stanmore had been only attracted by the likeness which he fancied the balletgirl at the Circenses bore to the daughter of Captain Westford. He never for a moment imagined that Violet and the Queen of Beauty were one and the same person. The young man had been wandering in Flanders, from village to city, and from city to village, studying the old Flemish masters, and exploring every nook and corner in which an old picture was to be found. He had only crossed from Ostend to London within a few days of his visit to the Circenses. He had no idea of the changes that had taken place at the Grange. How, then, should he believe that "Violet Westford, the only daughter of a prosperous gentleman, the highly educated hut country-bred girl, could appear before him on the stage of a London theatre ? Almost involuntarily he had consulted his play-bilL No such name as Westford appeared there. The Queen of Beauty was distinguished by the very commonplace cognomen of Watson. But even if he had seen Violet's real name in the list of characters, George Stanmore would have been more inclined to doubt the evidence of his own eyes than to believe that it was indeed his simple woodland nymph whom he beheld amidst the glare and glitter of that brilliantly lighted stage. No. He gazed to the last moment at the beautiful girl in the roseate draperies and crown of stars; but it was only because he loved to look upon a face that closely resembled the one so dear to him. He had no opera-glass, and could not bring the fece nearer. If Violet had been more experienced in theatrical matters, she would have known how few amongst an audience in a large theatre can afford to dispense with an opera-glass; and she would have also known how much difference is made in every actor or actress's appearance by an entirely strange costume. Unhappily, she knew nothing of this. She fancied that her lover must have inevitably recognized her as easily as she recognized him. ° Nearly a week passed. Every evening Violet Westford's lovely face beamed radiantly on the spectators of the burlesque. Already she had learned one lesson belonging to the life of the stage : she had learned that she must smile always, whatever secret canker might be eating silently into her own heart. The public, who pay to be amused, will of course tolerate no doleful faces, no sad or thoughtful looks, in the paid favorites of the hour. The queen of tragedy alone can indulge in sorrow; and her sorrow must be as unreal as the gladness of the ballet-girl, who may smile upon the aristocratic loungers in the stalls while her heart is breaking with soirow for father, a mother, or a favorite sister, lying on a deathbed at home. Let those who would be lured away from peaceful and comfortable homes by the false glitter of the stage, look weU at the dark side of the picture, ere they take the first step in a career which is successful only for the few. Violet Westford needed all her fortitude in that London theatre. The stage-manager was very kind to her, in his rough-and-ready semipaternal manner. The actresses of supsrior rank saw that she was no vulgar or disreputable person, and often noticed her by a friendly word or smile; but, in spite of this, Violet was cruelly persecuted in the quiet performance of her duty. This persecution was inspired by the foul fiend called Envy. Violet's beauty had been much noticed, and had been commented upon in the papers which criticised the new burlesque. Although she had not so much as one line to speak, her position in the grand scene of the spectacle was a very prominent one, and drew upon her the notice of every spectator. Her beauty did the rest. That beauty was so striking in its youthful freshness, and formed such a contrast with the faded splendor of those around her, that the waning belles of the theatre resented her appearance amongst them as a personal injury. Esther Vanberg was the leader of the h'ttle band who made it their business to sneer at Violet, and nothing but the girl's quiet spirit of endurance enabled her to bear the insolence of their inuendoes. But she did bear it, and without shrinking. It seemed so small a trouble to endure when compared with the thought that George Stanmore was false and cold-hearted. " The heart once broken by the loved is strong to meet the foeman." She had been little more than a week in the theatre when one of the largest private boxes was occupied by three gentlemen well known to the world in London. One was a handsome Spanish-looking man of middle age; the second was an insignificant individual, with a round fat face, small grey eyes, sandy hair, and long, carefully trained whiskers, which were evidently the pride of his heart; the third was a very young man, with a pale auburn moustache, faultless evening-dress, and languid manner, as of a sufferer bowed down by the burden of existence. The first of these three men was Rupert Godwin the banke?; the second was Mr. Sempronius Sykemore, a renowed tufthunter and toady, who was always to be found following close upon the heels of some wealthy and weakwitted young nobleman, and whose presence was an unfailing sign of approaching ruin for the nobleman in question; the third was the Marquis of Roxleydale, a young gentleman who had inherited one of the oldest titles in England, an estate worth sixty thousand year, and whom nature had not gifted with a very large amount of brains or a very noble heart. It had lately pleased Rupert Godwin to he extremely civil to the shallow-headed younc Marquis. But he did not put himself to this trouble without an eye to his own interests. He hoped to secure Lord Roxbyldale as a husband for his idolized Julia. With this end in view, he invited the Marquis to Wilmingdon Hall, whenever that young nobleman could be prevailed upon to withdraw himself from the delights of London life—a life of the vilest and most degraded order; a life passed in the haunts of vice, in which horrible dens the Marquis was always attended by Mr. Sempronius Sykemore, who conducted him through the seven circles of this earthly Inferno as faithfully as Virgil con ducted Dante, and who was eminently calculated to play the part of Mentor, as he was old enough to be the young man's father. Lord Roxleydale very much admired Julia Godwin's beauty; but he had no wish to fetter himself with the chains of matrimony; and he found Wilmingdon Hall a very dull place after the brilliant assemblies in which his evenings were generally spent. Rupert Godwin perceived this, and for a while he allowed the active working of his schemes to be suspended. But he only waited his time. He watched the young Marquis ae a cat watches a mouse. He affected to admire his high spirit—he even joined in his vicious amusements; but there was a deep and rooted purpose under all he did—a purpose that was fraught with danger to the shallow-brained scion of'the Roxleydales. To-night the banker had entertained Lord Iloxleydale and his toady, Mr. Sykemore, at a sumptuous dinner given at a West-end club. He was too much of a diplomatist not to know that in order to succeed with the Marquis he must first secure that gentleman's guide, philosopher, and friend, Mr. Sykemore, and he had purchased Mr. Sykemore's good graces at rather a high figure. After dinner, when a great deal of wine had been drunk by the Marquis and by the worthy Sempronius, it had been proposed that the party should adjourn to the Circenses, where the new extravaganza had acquired considerable popularity. Rupert Godwin had been the only one of the party who had refrained from drinking. He had excused himself from tasting the choice moselles and sparkling hocks which ho ordered for his guests, and had limited his potations to a few glasses of the driest and palest sherry obtainable for money. Sempronius Sykemore had perceived this; and he susDected some dfisiffn nn liia friVnrl and patron the Marquis. He determined io keep a close watch over the bank; but his intellect was of a very low order as compared with that of Eupert Godwin. AH he wanted was to sponge upon the fortune of the weak young nobleman, so long as that fortune held out against the ruinous habits which Lord Roxleydale had acquired by the evil teaching of false friends. It was past ten o'clock when the three gentlemen entered the theatre. Tbey had not long taken their seats when the scene opened, revealing the final tableau in which the Queen of Beauty appeared seated in her golden temple. The Marquis lifted his opera-glass and surveyed the stage. He was at once attracted by Violet Westford's lovely face, which amongst all the faces on that crowded stage was the only one that was new to him. "By all that's beautiful," he exclaimed, " she's a houri—an angel!" " Who is an angel, my dear Marquis 1" asked the banker, laughing. " She is—that girl in the temple yonder! She's a new girl. I never saw her face before. I wonder where the deuce MaUravers picked her up. Look at her, Godwin," added the young man, handing his opera- glass to the banker as he spoke. Rupert Godwin shrugged his shoulders with a careless gesuiite, and then looked at the stage. But presently he started violently, and the glass almost fell from his hand. Again the ghost! Again the vision of the past' Again the face that recalled to him Clara Ponsonby in all her youthful beauty, as he had first seen her liding by her father's side! "Come," exclaimed the Marquis, "I see you're as much sciuck with her as I was." "Yes," answered Rupert Godwin slowly, " she is very lovely." As he spoke his brows contracted over his dark, unfathomable eyes, his lips grew rigid,—a diabolical scheme was forming itself in that Satanic mind. He had sworn to revenge lrmself upon the woman who had done him the supreme wrong of prefening a happier rival, and who had inflicted a wound which had rankled and festered in his envenomed soul. How better could he assail this woman than through her daughter's temptation and per?'. ? This weak young Marquis could be made the instrument of his plot. _ Yes; the v. e deep shaped itself before him, distinct and palpable ;, as the scene now acting on the stage. "I w l pay Clara Westford a \',sit tomorrow," ;i thought Rupert Godwin. " I have already brought her to the very dust. She defied me when we last met; but at that time she was st"!! the nr'stress of a luxurious home, secure, es 1 she believed, from the trials and degradations of poverty. I will see her again now, when she has tasted the bitterest waters of life's chalice. Surely she will have grown too wise to defy me now. If not—if the indomitable epr'rit of Clara Ponsonby still reigns in the breast of Clara Westford,—I will find a way to bring her to my feet, and that way shall be through the peril of yonder golden-haired girl." These were the thoughts which filled the plotting brain of Rupert Godwin as he sat, with the glass in his hand, looking fixedly at stage. Presently his gaze wandered from the face of Violet Westford, and he took a sweeping survey of the groups of showily dressed girls arranged in graceful attitudes, which were the result of careful study on the part of balletmaster and stage-manager. Once more the banker's hand faltered, and he started violently; but this time his eyes were fixed upon the Jewish beauty, Esther Vanberg. " Who is that girl?" he gasped, in a tone that revealed unwonted excitement—a degree of emotion extraordinary in this man of iron. "Who is she V' " My dear Godwin," exclaimed Mr. Sempronius Sykemore, laughing at the banker's vehemence, " I thought just now you were going to fall in love with the fair girl! and now you seem suddenly smitten with the dark beauty. That young lady is Miss Vanberg, celebrated for her handsome face and her demoniac temper. She boasts that she has the blood of Spanish Jews in her veins—the old Jews of Andalusia—the aristocrats of the fallen race. She is an extraordinary woman —as proud as Lucifer, as changeable as the wind. They say that the Duke of Harlingford worships the ground she walks upon, and would have made her his Duchess long before this, in spite of his exasperated relations, if her violent temper had not always caused some desperate quarrel between them just as the marriage was about to take place. Most women of Esther's class would be too prudent to quarrel with a Duke and a millionnaire— but Miss Vanberg's temper and pride are utterly ungovernable. In the meantime she occunies a hnilKfi in AFNVFIIIR RLRIIROC- N chestnuts worth five hundred guineas, dresses as extravagantly as the Princess Metternich, and gives herself the airs of a Russian empress." "Strange!" muttered the banker; "the blood of Spanish Jews in her veins! And then so like—" These words were uttered in an undertone, which did not reach the ears of the Marquis or his toady. As for Lord Roxleydale, that young nobleman was entirely absorbed in admiration of Violet. He sat with his eyes fixed upon her, in a gaze as profound as if his senses had been enthralled by some supernal vision. So might Faust have looked on the phantasm of fair young Gretchen ; so might have gazed the son of Priam and Hecuba when he first looked on her whose fatal beauty was predoomed to be the destruction of Troy. He gazed thus fixedly until the curtain fell, and then sank back into his chair with a profound sigh. " I'm done for, Semper!" he said—he always called his toady Semper; " that girl, that adorable angel, has imprinted her image on my inmost heart. Egad ! I never knew that I had a heart before. I must see her tonight—immediately. I'll make Maltravers give me an introduction; I'll—" " Stay, Roxleydale !" exclaimed the banker, laying his hand upon the arm of the Marquis, as the young man rose from his seat: " not to-night. I know the girl—and know all about her. To-morrow night I will introduce you to her." You, Godwin ?" " Yes; I tell you, I know the girl. If you try to get an introduction to her through Maltravers, she will give herself prudish airs, and refuse to see you. Trust all to me. I can exercise indirect influence that you can never guess at. Wait till to-morrow night. I don't ask you to wait long." The Marquis sighed. " You may not think it long," he answered ; " but to me it will be an age—an eternity. I never saw such a lovely creature as that girl. Egad, I should like to lay my coronet at her feet, and make her Marchioness of Roxlevdale." " Bah !" exclaimed the banker, contemptuously. " It is only a fool or a madman who lays his coronet at the feet of a ballet-girl. Marchionesses are not picked up out of the gutter. I thought you were a man of the world, my dear Roxleydale." " A man of the world!" Yes. It had been ever thus. From his earliest boyhood the Marquis had been surrounded by flatterers, sycophants, and scoundrels, who prided themselves upon being "men of the world." Every generous impulse, every noble emotion that had arisen in the young man's breast, had been stifled by the influence of such companions as these; while, oa the other hand, every vicious inclination had been fostered, every bad quality had been encouraged; for it was out of the rich nobleman's vices that his flatterers hoped to make their market. The Marquis had a mother who adored him, and whom he in his boyhood had dearly loved. But bis vicious companions had contrived to lore him away fromthe society and influence of that devoted mother, and the Dowager Marchioness lived lonely and neglected at one of the country seats belonging to her son. The house she had chosen was situated upon a smaU estate in Yorkshire. There, secluded from the world, the Marchioness spent her quiet life, the greater part of which was devoted to works of charity and benevolence. She .wrote often to her son; long letters— earnest supplications that he would lead a life worthy of a Christian gentleman, an Englishman of high position. But these letters were never answered. To the young man, living in so impure an atmosphere, those tender Tetters seemed to convey only reproaches; his guilty conscience imparked a sting even to his mother's affectionate advice. And then the tempters were always by his side ; always ready to whisper evil suggestions into his too willing ear; always ready to poohpooh the earnest remonstrances of that one good adviser, with some insolent modem slang about " the maternal," or " the dozy old party in the North." The three men supped together after leaving the theatre, and this time Rupert Godwin drank deeply. He drank deeply, and there was a wild joviality about his manner that had something fiend-like in its reckless mirth. He drank deeply; and once, when the talk was wildest, he lifted his glass above his head, and cried : " I drink this to Clara, and to the fulfilment of an old vow !" He drained the glass, and then fiung it against the wall opposite to him. The crystal shivered into a hundred fragments. "So will I break your proud spirit, my haughty Clara!" he exclaimed. The Marquis and Sempronius were both too tipsy to take much notice of the banker's wild talk j or, if they heard it, they little dreamed how deep a meaning lurked beneath those threatening words. CHAPTER XXI. BENT BUT NOT BROKEN. The day that succeeded the night on which the Marquis of Boxleydale and his two friends had visited the Circenses happened to be Saturday, and Yiolet Westford had to attend at the theatre in order to receive her salary for the week. This business was a long one, for the salaries were not paid until after the rehearsal of a new piece that was about to be produced, and Yiolet had to wait until the principal actors and actresses had received their money. Thus it happened that Clara Westford was alone all that Saturday morning; alone and very sad;-for when her children were away from her she made no effort to control her sadness. She gave free course to melancholy and regretful thoughts; mournful and bitter memories crowded upon her mind, and the unheeded tears rolled slowly down her wan cheeks, as she bent over the needlework, which took some time and labor to accomplish, and it was so poorly paid for when done. She was seated at the little table. near the window, when a man's footstep sounded on the stair without, and in the next instant the door was suddenly opened. Clara Westford started to her feet, her heart beating quickly. To whom could that unexpected footstep belong except Lionel, her bright, brave son, in whose presence there was always comfort? Her disappointment was very keen when, on turning towards the door, she found herself face to face with her bitterest foe, the man whom of all others she hated and feared. But the proud spirit of Sir John Ponsonby's daughter was not yet quenched. The widow drew herself to her full height, and turned to meet her prosecutor, very pale, but self-pos sessed as her visitor himself. " You here, Mr. Godwin!" she said. " I thought that in this place at least I should be , secure from such an intrusion." " Love, Clara, respects no place in its pursuit of the beloved object." Mrs. Westford shuddered, and turned from the banker with a look of scorn and disgust. "Love 1" she exclaimed. "Pray do not profane that sentiment by the poison of your lips! Why are you here, Mr. Godwin ? By what right do you enter this room ? This poor lodging is at least my own, and I request you to leave it immediately. When you came to me in my happy country home you came as the harbinger of sorrow and desolation. By your machinations I and my children have ' 'been banished from that home. Here we have taken shdter. This place is our own labor, ' and here our poverty should preserve us from your hateful presence." "Rne words, Clara Westford—grand words!" exclaimed the banker, with a sneer. " You would banish me from your presence; you wotild order me out of your lodgings; and mat I come to yon as a Mend." « «A friend!" cried the widow, with a bitter " Ay, a Mend, Clara, as wellasalover. Let me first be the lover; let me first tell you that my heart is still unchanged. After all these years of separation, after all your unconcealed hatred, your bitter scorn and defiance, I love youstill. Yes, Clara, even nowin your poverty, even now in your Mien pride." " My pride has not fallen," answered Clara Westford. " It is the pride of a woman whose love has been given to a noble and generousminded husband, and who holds that husband's memory after death even more sacred than his honor in life." " Clara!" cried Rupert Godwin passionately, " Clara, have pity upon me! Remember how deeply, how devotedly I loved you." His hands were elapsed entreatingly; his head sank upon his breast; a vivid light burned in his dark eyes. It seemed as if in that moment the feelings of youth returned to him; and for a while at least it was love, and not vengeance, that animated his breast. "Clara," he murmured tenderly, "at the sight of your face the past all comes back to me, and I forget your cruelty, I forget your preference of another, I forget all except my love. I cannot bear to see you thus—poor, degraded; for poverty is in itself degradation. Leave this place, Clara. Your old home shall again be yours; beautified and enriched by the lavish outlay of wealth which I prize very little except for your sake. Return to the Grange, Clara, as its mistress—and the mistress of my fate." Clara Westford looked at the banker aghast with horror. "Return thither!" she cried. "Return to that house as your dependant; your—no, I will not utter the odious word. Return to that house which is sacred to me by the memory of my husband's affection! You must know me very little, Rupert Godwin, when you can come to mo with such a request as this." The banker's face grew black as thunder. " Enough, Clara !" he exclaimed. " I was a fool to show you the weakness of my heart. I came to you as a friend; but you refused to accept my friendship. So be it. Henceforth I am your foe. You have chosen to set your pride against mine. You have elected to defy me. Good, madam ! I accept the challenge. It is a duel to the death. I am what is called good hater, Mrs. Westford, as you may live to discover." For some moments Clara Westford made no •eply. She stood before the banker, calm, impassible; very beautiful in her quiet dignity, in her threadbare mourning robes, her simple widow's cap. The delicate color had faded from her cheeks, the perfect oval of her face was hollowed by care and deprivation, but the classic outline of feature and the subtle loveliness of expression remained, and Clara Westford was still beautiful. After a few moments of silence, during which the banker's breath came thick and fast between his set teeth, Clara Westford seated herself in the chair by the table, and resumed her work. I must remind you that this room belongs to me, Mr. Godwin," she said, very quietly, " and that your presence is unpleasant to me. Allow me to wish you good-morning." " Not yet, Mrs. Westford; I did not come here entirely on a fool's errand. You have despised my friendship; you have defied my enmity. Perhaps, however, you will not refuse to accept my advice. Have a care of your daughter!" Clara Westford started; and her face, always pale, grew ghastly white. She tried to speak, but her trembling lips refused to shape the words she would have spoken. " Have a care of your daughter!" repeated Rupert Godwin. " She is very young. She is inexperienced. It is only a few months since she first came to London, and already strange things have happened. She has left one situation—under suspicious circumstances. She is now in a sphere where there is constant danger for one so young and beautiful as she is. Once again, I say, beware, Clara Westford ! and if ever disgrace or ruin come upon your only daughter, remember that I have warned you. In that hour you will perhaps come to me. In that hour you will perhaps condescend to accept my friendship." What words could have been better adapted to strike terror to the heart of a mother ? The sickness of despair blanched the cheek of Clara Westford. Everywhere, on everv side, there seemed danger and misery. And she was so utterly alone in the world, so completely helpless, hedged round by calamities, face to face with a man who openly avowed himself her deadly enemy! Yet, even in this supreme hour of trial, her fortitude did not entirely abandon her. My daughter is able to protect her good name in any position, Mr. Godwin," 6he said proudly, "however degraded that position may appear in your eyes. If I am destined to eat the bread of dependence, I would rather be indebted to the precarious labors of my daughter than owe sixpence to voxa—friendship." " You cany matters with a high hand, Mrs. Westford," replied the banker, imtated beyond measure by the undisturbed calnmess of his victim's manner; " but I can afford to wait. What is it Tennyson says about that ? < My faith is strong in Time!' You defy me to-day, but before long I may find you in a more reasonable temper. En attendant, I can only advise you to keep a sharp eye upon Miss Yiolet. The Circenses ballet is not quite the highest school of morality; and Hogarth has taught us what happens to rustic simplicity when she comes to seek her fortune in London. Good-morning." (To be continued.) 