STORYTELLER. BELL THE BLACKSMITH, OR From the Anvil to tiie Bench, CHAPTER XX. FRANK BELL'S ARREST, AND WHAT PRE CEDED AKD FOLLOWED IT. With his mother clinging to his arm, Frank Bell hastened to the Marpell place. As he neared the house he noticed a dim light burning in EDh's room, and bis heart was thrilled as is the mariner1® when through the darkness and storm he sees the beacon on the headlands of his home harbor. He pressed on quicker, drawing his mother closer, and half carrying her ia his eager baste. Excepting that one room, the house seemed to bo deserted — the shutters were closed and the curtaiuis drawn ; and to add to the gloom, the sky was overcast and the north wind whistled through the bushes, and made a sound of rushing waves in the swaying tree tops. ' Who is there ?' asked a timid ser vant, opening the door for a few inches and trying to peer into the darkness. ' You speak, mother,' whispered Frank. ' It is I, Mrs. Bell,' she answered. The servant opened the door and Mrs. Be:l and her son entered. ' We come to see Miss Marpell,' said Frank. ' flow is she ?' ' Law, sir,' said the servant. ' The doctor is with her now.' ' What doctor ? ' ' Doctor Badger.' '?Vhy, this is murder!'' cried Frank. ' She uiust have Doctor Cameron. I will go for him at once.' While Frank was talking to the ser vant, Mra Bell —now as recklessly earnest as her son — went through the hall and into Ella's room. Frank was bo wholly engrossed with his mission that he did not hear a door open to his right, nor was he aware that there was Any person in the hall but himself and the servant, till he heard Rachel's voioe. ' Well, sir,' she called out, ' what brings you here?'* ' I eaiue with my mother to see Miss Marpell,' replied Frank. ' You helped to drive my brother and myself from tlia old home, and you fol low us here with your murderous ven geance,' she said, tragically. ' You the last man that saw our dear fatlier. If Ella Marpell wanted to see you or you mother she would have expressed a desire to that effect, but the dear child has not mentioned your name. &he; has had 1 matters of more importance to think - about/-.-' ' ' Is she in danger ?' asked Frank, wholly indifferent to the woman's cruel j words. ' I prefer to hold no-eonversation with you, sir. Leave this house instantly or I will have you rejected,' said Rachel, Jier indignation reaching the steaming - .point — which is many degrees beyond I else temperature at which indignation is ? generally supposed to boil. '?'Yes;'* get out, sir. Get out at] (Once, confound you 1 ' growled Badgety coming into the ball and gallantly taking A combative position beside his charmer. 1 ' You should be in jail, sir, looked up in : a dark dungeon, and you shall be, sir, if there's any justice in this land, and j methinks that there ia.' ' Put him out 1' shouted Robert from the sitting-room, and « moment later lie 1 made his appearance, accompanied by Mullet and Tom Lipp. Mr. Lipp took a professional view of the situation ; whispered something to his friends, and then dashed out of the house at a high rate of speed. ' I declare,' began Mullet, as he ad justed his blue gaggles, ' this is the most extraordinary and perfectly sublime exhibition of cool impudence and un paralleled audacity that I ever en countered in all my experience. A cry from Ella's room caused Mullet to atop. A low, wailing cry, followed by the call 'Frank! Frank 3 Frank!' with ;.n- j creasing force. Frank Bell would have been thrilled by that voice had it unsuspect^dly struck his ears in a strange lr.ad. It was expressive of love and 'agony and help lessness, and it stirre'j him as the bugle call ' to assault' d.^d 'the first grenadier of France. 'Ella! E.'.iai1' he replied, and he ran towards her-room. ' Stap him ! Stop him !' shouted Robert Truxton, taking care that his own zeal didnotlead him into danger. Mullet and Badger permitted them selves to be carried away by the excite ment of the occasion, otherwise they would never have attempted to en force their patron's order. They threw them selves in pugilistic attitudes in front of Frank Bell, and they went down like pins before a well-directed ball. Yet they succeeded in staying him for some seconds, and during that time the front door opened again, and three men with grim, bearded faces burst into the hall. At a glance they took in the situation, and throwing themselves on Frank Bell, shouted out : ' Surrender ! Surrender, in the name 1 of the Commonwealth I' Had they summoned Frank to sur render without attacking him, it would have been better for themselves and more in accoi dance with the law ; for 'believing he was assailed and that his lif9 was in danger, the voung man seized a chair and wielded it with such effect that the officers were beaten to tbe floor before they could draw the pistols with which they were armed, and which they were only too ready to use. As the leader of the party rose, he threw back the lapel of his coat and showed his badge. 'What!' asked Frank. 'Are you an officer?' 'T am,' replied the man, 'and I am come for yoa.' ' If you have a warrant for me I will accompany yon, but I warn you and your men not to Jay a hand oa me. I know my rights, and I shall resist to the death any attempt to use handcuffs. Now, sir, let me see your warrant The officer handed him the warrant, and Frank saw to his complete astonish, ment that it was issued from the office of the District Attorney of New York, ' on good and sufficient grounds,' the said Frank Bell being charged with burglary and murder. Overwhelmed with the sense of his situation, lie asked : ' Who made the charge 1' ' I do not know,' growled the officer, still smarting from bis bruises. ' It is our duty to obey orders, not to enquire into their cause.' ' You want to take me to the city ?' ' That is my order.' 'Very well; I shall go with you. But, first, I ask that you permit me to see my mother and my affianced wife, wbo are in that room,' said Frank, pointing to the chamber from which the cry had come. ' I agree, if you allow me to accompany you,' replied the officer. Robert Truxton and his sister would have protested, but the thought struck both of them, at the same instant, that such a protest would not comport with the new role of martyr which they had decided to act. Frank went in on tiptoe, the officer standing in the door, with his hand rest ing on the butt of his pistol. ' Hush,' whispered Mrs. Bell. ' She fainted and is only just recovering.' Suppressing the cry that rose to his lips at sight of the pinched face and wasted form, Frank knelt beside tbe bed, and taking the poor, thin band he pressed it again and again to his lips with idola trous affection, uttering the while, with indescribable pathos and tenderness : ' Ella, Ella, my love and my life ! would to God I could die with you or for you !'* She mast have heard him, for she turned her head aud made an effort to open lier heavy eyelids ; failing in this she sighed : ' Frank — where is Frank?' ' I am here, Ella ! Here, my love 1 Here, kneeling beside your bed and holding your dear hand 1' hesaid, kissing her hand, and rising to his feet, when he bent over and kissed her white face. ' Ah,' she whispered, with a touching I sadness, ' I have been so lone, Frank ; , so lonely and alone in .the world 1' ' Yea, dear one!' | Frank glanced atthe door and saw I that the officer was beekoning Jar him to i come out He .tried to withdraw his, [hand, but she clung to .him with -a start, ( as if she perceived Jiis purpose, and said, in the same pleading tones: ' I 0IU alone, Frank— no one but yon; do not leave me.' ? . _ i ' No;; only for. a little while, my darling. My mother is beside you,' said ' the flistraoted man. Still the officer beckoned with a man-. I ner. more peremptory, and a continued ? ' coughing to attract attention, 1 ' Stay with her, mother. Her life is in your handB. I must go. I — ' ' Whither must you go 1' asked Mrs. Bell dimly, and for the first time realizing the situation. I ' To answer questions about Mr. Truxton. I shall soon by back.' ' You are not ar — ' ' Hash, mother * do not let her hear. Be strong. JJiay God help us to be strong.' Suppri^gjinjj all external evidence of the fe.'dlings tlrftt were rending his brave her^rt, Frank Bell went out from the Yoora with his hands pressed to his throbbing temples, and her low, piteous cry ringing in his ears : ' I am alone, Frank — no one but you; do not leave me 1' He left the house with the officers. One went in front, one behind, the other kept close by his side. When they neared the top of the hill the officers were startled and came to a halt. Down below them, in the village of Truxton's Mills, flaming torches, like the fiery crosses of the Scots, went flash ing as if borne by swift runners. The homes were becoming illuminated, though it was not yet midnight. ' What does that mean ?' asked the officer in charge of the party, address ing Frank. ' I do not know. Hark 1 they are ringing the bells.' IJp from the valley came the clanging of the great bell in the central tower, and this was supplemented by the shrill and rapid vibrations of the smaller bells, till the air was filled with a continual clash and clang. ' It sounds like a fire,' said one of the men, ' but I can't see no signs of one.' ' It is not a fire,' said Frank. ' I think I understand it.' 'And what do you make out of it?' asked the leader. ' The people have heard in some way of my arrest, perhaps through my brother or my cousin.' ' What if they have 7'' 'They aie all warmly attached to me.' ' So I 've heard.' ' And,' continued Frank, ' my advice to you is to take me to the city by a roundabout course. I fear trouble if you go on the straight road.' ' Trouble ? Do you think they would attempt a rescue ?' ' I am sure they would. But that would not prevent my standing by you and going with you. Conscious of my innooence, I am more anxious than my i accusers can be for an investigation. ' Still, I advise yon to go round. ' ' We are law officers, and don't pro pose to turn to the right nor left for no mob,' said the valiant officer. ' So come on, and if this is a put up job it won't benefit you none. Keep a sharp lookout, boys, and shoot the prisoner if he attempts io ran.' Tbe latter part of this epeeoh was addressed to the man in front and tbe man behind. It was a bit of swagger that convinoed Frank that this particu lar offioer belonged to that very numerous class that oan only be brave when it bjcoines them. ' Then you are determined to go through the village ?' ' Determined ? Why, I wouldn't go round it now for a million dollars. Don't attempt to get far away from me.' 'Yon will need me near yon for pro tection before you are an honr older,' said Frank, quietly. As tbey went down the hill the bells seemed to redouble io volume, and black masses of people oonld be seen horryiog along the stree-. 'I swear,' exclaimed the man io advanoe, ' there doesn't seem to be a white man ia tbe lot.' ' Have you- niggers at Truxton's Mills?' asked tbe (eider. ' We have not,' replied Frank. *' Tben every man-jack of tbem is disguised witb a mask, or has blackened bis faoe. I think, perhaps, we'd better not go down. Halt ! there,' shouted tbe leader to tbe man in front. ' You should have taken my advioe,' said Frank. ' Well, I'll take it now. Tell as tbe road.' ' We mast go biok ap the hill; it will take us into the east side boulevard, ' As the men turned to retrace their steps tbey «aw dim figareB atove them, and coming down the rusd. And otber figures, like black ghosts, emerged from the fences and hedges. ' It is too late. We might as well keep on,' said tbe man in obarge. And again tbey faoed the village. Though there were bnndreds of men on tbe streets, and scores of men so close about tbe offioers and their prisoner tbat their load breathing coald be heard, yet there wa6 no ontory, no lond talking ; and tbis very silence increased tbe danger, for it told of a preconceived plan, and tbe grim determination of its originators to carry it oat, oome what might. As tbe offioers, new closer to their I prisoner, neared the centre of the village, tbe bells all stopped at onoe, and the crowd in tbe street beeame so dense tbat progress was slow, and at length impos- . sible. ' Make way there and let as pass ! through,' called oat the leading officer, ? now thoroughly alarmed at the situa tion. i A tall man, wearing a blaok traak, J I pressed his way to tbe offioer1 s front, and ? in a voioe of anoaiBtakable determination | ' Hast got Frank Bell there wP you aB a pris'ner?' ' We have,' replied the officer. I 'Act 'feared he'Jl ran ftweyJ' & ' 1 am not here to au-w-r qoestious. Let me pass witb tbe prisoner.' ' D- you hear, you — men o' Troox tou'o Mills ? Frank Bell, our ole frieu', Frank Bell — the mau hs never di-l mor tat man or woman a wrong, its in iuen« town's bands. Wbat tUiuk yon all o' that ?' 'Shame!' '? Shame l' 'Snam^l' cried the women from tne oat^kiris oi tbe crowd. ' Release Frank Bell,' saH a m m, also disguised, but as uuabl^ t i'li gui't- his strong Irish xccent as the foiine iie.d been to nseo'ii -r t hi m Ltiu sbire dialect. ?« Release liim. and b -M report at any point, with -ut nffia Ts.' ? ' Thai's the talk !' shon-ei a man with a slouahed hat. ' Frank Bell ohu'i jjass a pris'ner through Truxtou's Mut while be has a friend iu it to de'en i bim. We've swore tbe oath, aod w-'ll keep it if it costs blood !' 'To the resoue!' cried the moi-. surging up against tbe terror-stricken offioers and separating them from their prisoner. ' K *ep back or we shall fire !' tai l one of tbe officers, brandishing a revolver. Before Frank could call to tbe officer i to put away his weapon as he valued his life, or turn to the people to implore them to desist, they dashed in, aud iu a (winkling the three ufficers were seiz-d by iron fingers, their pistols were lorn from them aud Bent wbirliug into ad jacent gardens ; then they were released. ' Fly, Frank ! Away from them, lad ; and if ihee mast go io tne pnz^u, go of thy own accord. But we have -wore i hat they shall not lake tbee. Wo have took an oatb that no liviu' men shall tube Ibee captive through the elret-ts o' Trooxton'e Mills,' said the diHi- uis''d man who had hist spoken. Frai,k was about to address him as ' Hugh Uausard,' but seeing through the object of bis disguise, be desixted. ' Mv friends !' he called out, ' listen to nt,' ' Aye, that we will Hn^h all ! Frauk'o agoiu' to say a few wut lelous.' ' M frieuds, I appreciate y.iur zeal, but I fear you are injuring instead of aiding me.' ' We would u't hurt a hair u' yer bead,' saiii one. ' Nor allow auy oue else to do it,' added auoiber. 'I believe that. Bat yoa should re member these officers arc only doing ' tbeir duty. They aro good men, no donbt, aud came here with orders to take me ioto the city — just as you have orders to do your work each day — aud do it. Now, let me go on witb these men ; they can do me nj barm, aod I am very sure they would not if they conld. Do not fear for me. I have done nothing tbat I should fly from, ns I told yoa onoe before ; aud I am more willing than my aconsers can be, tbat a speedy, searching, and exhaustive in vestigation shall follow. Agaio I appeal to yon, release tbe officers and let us go on.' '' We've took the oatb, lad, and cab't do it. Get tbee to the city wi' all speed, and resign thy freedom to thy accusers ; t-ut we ha' swore by the God o' our faytbers tbat tbee shan't go a priz'oer through tbe streets o' Truxton'b Mills 1' ' Tbat is wbat we've swore ?' shouted a doz-n men. Frank turned to tbe officers and said : ' You see tbe situation. Yon will bear me ont tbat I tried to avoid this.' The offioers nedded. ' I shall go on to tbe city and sur render myself to the obief of polioe. These meo will detain yon for a while, but beyond tbat no barm will oome to yon.' Then turning to tbe people, whose disguised faces looked weird-like aod even savage by tbe glare of the torobes, be said : I ' Nevertheless, I feel I am a prisoner. I go into tbe oity, and to your care I [ commend my mother and Miss Ella Marpell.' ' We'll die for 'em, if need be 1' cried the people. I Tbey made a lane for bim, and bowed tbeir beads or removed tbeir bats as Frank passed through. Strong men groaned witb snob au angnish as they wonld bavelfelt had tbey stood by bis grave; and tbe women raised their bands and wailed as if their first-born lay dead at their feet. Lauoy Moore and Roger Mason re [ moved tbeir masks and followed, or ratber, acoompanied Frank as far as Doctor Cameron's ; and at every s'ep tbey begged bim to say how tbey could ' aid bim, and pledged anew the faith and love of the people. Doctor Cameron was called up, and to bim Frank told of Ella Marpell's sickness and urged him to go to her at onoe ; bat if be thought of bis own 6ad mission, at tbe time, he heroically kept bis thoughts to himself. His friends wraog his bands at part ing ; and warm-hearted Lancy Moore, who would have oharged a battery without tbe tremor of a nerve, broke down and sobbed aloud. Frank kept on into the city. The streets were deserted. The night was dark and threatened to extinguish the lamps, bat the polioe headquarters was illuminated. The chief was expecting him. CHAPTER XXL j A. PRELIMINARY INVESTIGATION AKD A STARTLING AHBAY OF EVIDENCE. Frank Bell was known ly tight to aU the detectives and 6ome of the police officers present, and so was recognized the moment he entered Ihe room. ' Why, Mr. Bell,' said the captain of the detective force, ' where have you come from ?' ' From Truxton's Mills.' ' We sent some men for you ; did you hear of it V ' I did ; bu- I came to surrender my self, Your men will explain when they return,' ' You s irrender voluntarily.' ' I cannot s iy that.' ' And you pr ipose to confess.' 'To ivmfess what?' demanded Frank Bel!, turning on t lie man, his face at a white heat, and his hlue eyes blazing. '? Your c nine 'linn with the affair,' stammered the detective. ' I have related my connection with the affair a hundred limes. If [ dreaded that i-iiniii iMi m I would not be here, t do nil b ume vni nor your people, but I do di-^ re a s,i.'«dy investigation, and that in the mean i inn*, you men who are officers of the IhW will irivii mp Ilia honest, nf t.hn doubt till evidence is forthcoming to con- - vict me.' 'I beg your pardon, Mr. Bell,'' said - lie - captain, touching his hat and assuming a more respectful hearing, ' I certainly did not mean to hurt j'oar feelings, and so far as I am concerned I sincerely hope that you may prove to the world that the charges on which your arrest was ordered are false. But you mistake if you think that the law presumes a man to be inno cent until he i- proven to he gui'ty. I know that is what the books say and what the judges charge ; but if you think for a moment you will see that all the methods of the law prove the contrary. The truth is, we presume every man charged with a crime to be guilty until he has shown him self to be innocent. We put those accused on criminal charges — whether guilty or innocent — in jail, and for the time tliey could not be more deprived of their liberty if they were serving out a life term. All this may be wrong, but you can see it is the truth.' ' I believe you are right,' said Frank, impressed by the shrewd reasoning of the man. ' Now, before going further I have a favor lo ask.' ' Name it,' said the captain. ' 1 want to have a note taken to Judge Leonard's house early in the mor ling.' ' It is somewhat contrary to our rules, but if you will write it at once I shall personally attend to delivering it.' The material being at hand, Frank wrote a note and gave it to the cap aie, ' If it were not for the chiefs order and tbe fact that the commitment Lapers are made out,' said the captain, ' I would keep you here all night ; but as it is, I regret to say you must go to the — ' ' Where ? ' asked Frank, seeiug that the captain hesitated. ' To the Tombs.' ' I would prefer a station house. But why should I care ? It is not the place or the imprisonment that affects me. Let us be going.' Frank buttoned up his coat, and lie aud the captain went lo the gloomy prison, talking as if they were friends ou the way home from club or lodge. The Sergeant on duty at the Tombs Was sleeping ou three chairs, with a big book under his head. On being roused and told the object of his caller, he sum moned the warden, and the warden sum moned a turnkey, and Frank Bell answered the usual questions and passed through the barred door of the prison. In the meantime Mrs. Bell left Ella Marpell sleeping, and unaccompanied went down to the collage on thu hillside. She found that Joseph Truxton and her son Gilbert had left, and that the house was in the possesion of a number of officers. Seeing her surprise, one of tbe men said : ' The young men have cleared out, ma'am, and it do strike me that they went down to the village, for all the people there have been raisin' merry ole Cain,' ' But what do you men want here ?'' asked the perplexed woman. ' We're officers, ma'am, and have tuk charge of the place. We're a goin' to make a search directly.' ' A search ; what for ?' ' To see if we can get more proof against your son that's arrested.' ?' Arrested 1 My son Frank ?' ' Yes ma'am ; but we'll try not to put you to any trouble. If so be that you'll have any neighbors, I'll send one of the men with you, and you'd better go there for the rest of the night — ' ' But why should I leave my own house ?' ' Because, ma'am, if you slay here we'll be 'bleeged to keep yoa under guard for it wouldn't do nohow to have yoa moving about while we searched — it's agin the rules. I'm very 6orry for you, old lady,' said the officer, alarmed at her appearance, ' I hope it'll all come out right. No one don't blame you. So, as I was a sayin', if there's any neighbor, I'll . send you there. The place will be safe — ' ' It is my house,' said Mrs. Bell, re gaining her strength. ' The rent is paid, the furniture is ours, and whether you have a right here or not, I know I have, and here I shall remain.' ' Very well, ma'am,' said tbe man ; then turning to his companions he ? 1 ordered them to begin the searoh. ' Mrs. Bell sat in her chair before the i slowly dying fire, with her arms wrapped in her Paisley 6hawl and her head bowed , .on her breast. So she had sat through many a night in the long ago, when her boys were asleep in the trundle bed, and. the firet grass bad not come lo. tbe grave, of her husband up on tbe bill. So many a poor mother has sat thinking lines into her face and adding a whiter tint to her hair, witb a greater cause but no greater sorrow. There are times when the purest and most trustful imagine hemselv s for sa'ten by Heaven ; and fiery revolt and patient submission struggle in their breast for the mastery. And at such times, as at all tini'8, the strongest impulse obtains control and leads to action. In such a mad whirl of trouble, consecutive thought was as impossible as that the bubble in the rapids should retain its form and move with a regular motion. But the old feel ing of obedience returned, and she inter locked her fingers. The old sense of duty asserted it- elf, and the resolve came to keep on to the end as she had begnn. There she sat till the gray dawn broke thrnngh the windows, and the bells and the whistles down in the valley resumed their customary din. The officers had left. If they had found anything no mention was made of j ♦ C . Ql- 1 ? I ? J il._ j ? ? J ? ? up to her sister's and told what had hap pened. She was beyond being startled or troubled more, or she would have ex perienced a new shock when she IcArned that Mrs. Truxton and Knte were kept prisoners in the house aud that the place was in charge of the police. After seeing her sister and trying to eat a little breakfast she started to return to the cotlage, but the officer who de maided her object whe-i she entered re fused to le her pass out, ' I am simply obeying orders,' he 6aid, in answer to her appeal. She went quietly oack, and during tbe rest of the day tried to soothe her more impulsive and more nervous sister. Judge Leonard received Frank Beli's note, and true to his promise, he came down to the prison, long before the hour for admitting ordinary visitors. He was conducted at ouce to the cell occupied by his friend. '? Well,' said the judge, shaking hands and silting down on the edge of the little iron bedstead, 'I expected this, but I did not dream that it would come so soon. Robert Truxton must feel reasonably sure of his evidence.' ' Did he make the charge ?' asked Frank. ' He gave the information on which tho State buses the charge. The murder pact of it must be withdrawn, for there is no evidence that Mr. Truxton is dead ; as to the burglary and all thai, I presume they will make up evidence enough to hold you for tho grand jury, in which event I do not think we shall have any trouble in getting yon bailed out. But before going further, tell me everything that has happened since last I 6aw you, and par- ticuiarly the incidents connccted with your arrest.' Tfit' jadge leaned back on one arm and watched Frank's face while he told, with remarkable fidelity, and a great at tention to valuable detail, all the incidents outlined in the previous chapter. ' That was a very natural move, going to Truxton's house last night, but it *vas imprudent, and the prosecution will make good use of it. It will affect a jury, however, in just the opposite way, and before them I can handle it. That move on the part of the people at Trux ton's Mills whs very wild. Our citizens are down on ordiuary mob3 ; but you made a hi,' point out of it. You took the only sensible course, and it will tell. Now, my dear fellow, I must get out and feel the enemy. I must learn all tbey know abjut the e.ise, and decide bow we shall act. Keep up a good ho irt — that is, don't give way lo the dumps. 1 am first rate at advice, but I must confess I feel enough dumpy myself to be in fight ing humor, and so I can't blame yon if yo.i show temper. Now I'm off. I'll send you in a good breakfast from outside.' The judge left witb the activity of a young man, and soon after one of the prison attendants brought the prisoner's breakfast to Frank's cell. At leu a.m. the same attendant came for him, and led bim down to the justice's court, where Judge Leonard's gray head and tali form were particularly notice able in the dense throng. Frank looked over the sea of faces and was surprised to see present a score or more of his old friends at Truxton's Mills, some of whom manifested their presence by unrestrained applause ; and Lancy Moore called out : ' There he is ! There's Mr. Frauk Bell ; and the man that says a word agin bis good name 'II have to lie like a horse-thief!' 'Or loike Ananias and his woife,' responded Hugh Hansard, to the great amusement of the spectators. As the court had not yet been called to order these comments could not be punished as ' a contempt but to avoid such a contingency the officers present shouted ' Order 1' and looked particu larly fierce. Soon after this the justice took his seat, wrapped with a gavel, and the court was deolared open. All the minor eases being sent to another court, Frank Bell's was the only one on tbe list, aod so it was called im mediately. I ; Frank well understood that this was but - the .first step in a long trial, or it might be the only step at which all pro ceedings would be stopped. He firmly believed the latter, for think as he would 1 he could not imagine how tbe charges against hiin could be maintained for an ' instant. True, there might be witnesses . ready to perjure themselves, but to found' an indictment on there 'must' be some tangible evidence of guilt besides the mere statement on oath of any person or' ,person6. '.-'v. : 1'.''. ' The' customary 'forms were gone ' through with and the oharges were read. Frank was asked by the clerk of the court «s to what answer he should make, and in reply, said : ' I plead not guilty,' ' Of course he does,' said Lancy Moore from the body of the court. At this the officers shouted ' Silence!' and ' Order 1' and the justice expressed a most earnest wish to have the man who shouted ' Of course he does' corae forward and be fined for contempt of court. But Lancy prudently and modestly kept in the back-ground, and the investi gation went ou. 'Before proceeding further,' said J iidge Leonard, ' I wish to protest against the charges as informal and il leg d. The prisoner was arrested on the united charges of robbery and mur der. Now, may it please your honor, the investigation, if it goes on, must take up either the charge of robbery or murder. It cannot enter into both. Tbe rule in such cases is to investigate first the gi eater offence.' ' The error to which my learned bro ther refers,' said tbe district attorney, ' has been remedied by the charge which I hold in my hand — the addition of the word "robbery" was simply a clerical mistake, arising from the fact that in our efforts to investigate the aflfair at Trux ton's Mills we found that thero had been a robbery — a burglary of Mi-. Truxton's^ mansion a year ago, and that many of the missing articles have been recently traced to the possession of the prisoner at the bar. We shall now — ' ' I protest,' said Judge Leonard,, rising and sternly interrupting the dis trict uttorney, ' aganist the statements made by the counsel lor the State, and I ask tlmt it be stricken from your honor's notes and blotted from your memory. We came here to investigate and not to address your honor as if you were a weak-minded, easily-prejudiced jury, £ noiv ask for a reading of the amended clause.' ' My learned brother,' chuckled the district attorney, to whom this was, an ordinary, every-day proceeding, ' will see, before we have concluded, that wo charge nothing that we cannot prove-' 'Then I propose that your proceedings and prjofs,' retorted the judge, 'shall be in Htrbt accordance with tho rules of practice and the laws of ovidence I' ' He's III e man for my money,' cried a voioe from the crowd. And ng:iin the officers shouted and the judge rapped and begged souieone to point out tiansgressorson the proprieties of the place. 'I wish tbe offender could be found, or pointed out,' said the judge,, purple with anger. ' May it please your honor,' shouted Hugh Hinsard, pushing forward and touching his forehead by way of siiUite, ' it's jus' one o' oore boys from' oop at Trooitun's Mills. But eer doant mean, no 'arm nor disrespeck.' ' And who are you, sir ?' demanded, t he j udge. ' Oi'm 'U'gli 'Ausard, foreman o' the weave — '?How came you here?' asked thai judge, now quite furious. ' May it please yer honor,' replied. Hugh, all innocence and earnestness* 'Oi walked.' At this the bar aud the audience roared, the judge frowned, and request ing an officer to keep an eye on Mr. Hansard, ordered the investigation to proceed. The charge as amended was that Frank. Bell di I, on the night of the date given, willfully and deliberately aud maliciously with m ilica p.-epeuse, and for the sake of gain, murder Thomas Truxton, of Truxton's Mills, State of New York, in a manner at present not known lo the prosecution, etc., etc. To tbis charge, as to the first, Frank. Bell answered, ' Not guilty.' Several persons were called to prove that Frank Bell was in Mr. Truxton'a company in the city, from early in the eveuing until midnight. These were hotel clerks, waiters, and two ushers from, tbe theatre. On being cross questioned by Judge Leonard, these witnesses acknowledged that the prisoner and the missing man. appeared to be ou the most friendly terms. John Fearing, a dotcotlve, was called. He affirmed that he had shadowed Frank Bell, for much of the time, since the absence of Mr. Truxton, and that^in this he was aided by a private detective — Thomas Lipp ; that he followed Frank Bell to the Truxton mansion a few nights, before, and saw bim assault Mr. Robert Truxton, and force into the house a woman and a girl ; that oa tbe night of the arrest, lie— J obn Fearing, aided by Thomas Lipp and Ephraioi Hodge — ? searched the Bell oottage, and found,, concealed in the cellar and other outof the-way places, tbe articles iiere submitted, to the oourt. Here the oontents of a bag were, emptied ou the table, arranged in the centre of the bar. They consisted of many old silver articles bearing the Truxton monogram, and 'several packages of bonds, stocks and other papers, . One of tbe packages was stained with blood, and a shudder ran through the anzipus throng as the district attorney held it up so that all eyes could rest on it. Judge Leonard did not cross-question , this main. Robert Truxton was called, and there was a great craning forward to catch the first glimpse of him, : Ha . : looked, as was to be espeoted, , pale and ^ haggard, and his watery eyes were blood? shot. He swore, by the uplifted hand, J; he was Thomas Truxton's^ son, fia re. membered distinctly the laat caiiie to tbe city. \ - ? - . ' j ?« Speak up, Mr. Trukton, W' &at; ?can hear,' said the district attorney, J f Incompliance, Robert raised his voice, and it was noticed it was very husky. Hia father expected some large payments pn tbat day. Robert gave the names of ] tbe inon and the amounts tliey were to I pay. Thny might pay in cash, but it was usual to do so by cheque, f . At this juncture tbe district attorney j opened the bloody package, and said : | ' May it please jour honor, hero are l nearly all the names and amounts tbat ! the witness has just given us.' I (To br. continued?) ~ 