CHURCH NEWS. At the Emerald-hill Presbyterian Church on Sunday, the Rev. Dr. Macdonald lectured for the second time on "The Standards of the Presbyterian Church." He entered in detail into the history and prominent features of the five Standards, and deprecated the mere verbal interpretation of their contents. Of the essential truth of the doctrines they embodied no doubt could be entertained ; but after the lapse of 250 years, it was not surprising that the phraseology should be found defective in some respects. Any revision of the standards should not extend beyond the correction of literal defects ; any tampering with their doctrine or principles would not be tolerated. A fuller reports is held over owing to pressure on our space. The Rev. S. Hebditch, who for the last 12 months has occupied the pulpit of the Col- lins-street Independent Church, and who is about to return to his charge in England, preached his farewell sermon on Sunday. At the morning service he took as his text the words of 20th and 21st verses of St. Jude's Epistle : "But ye, beloved, building up your- selves on your most holy faith, praying in the Holy Ghost, keep yourselves in the love of God, looking for the mercy of our Lord Jesus Christ unto eternal life." He re- ferred to Melbourne as a splendid city, but warned the congregation, and more especially the younger members of it, to beware of its fascinations, and exhorted them to moderate their love of pleasure, dress, and ornamentation, and to consecrate themselves to God. In the course of the service a special thanksgiving was offered for the escape from death and injury of several members of the congregation who were passengers by the train which met with the accident on Tues- day last on the Brighton railway line. After having been closed for some time for improvements, Christ Church, St. Kilda, was re-opened on Sunday, the introductory sermon being preached in the morning by the Bishop of Mel- bourne. The right rev. gentleman spoke against the selfishness of mankind, and urged his hearers to think more of their neighbours' needs and more of the kingdom of God, warning them that the day was very near when, looking back upon life and seeing it in the light of eternity, nothing but the kingdom of God would seem to have been worth living for. In the evening the service was conducted by the Rev. Dr. Bromby. Among the anouncements made to the congregation of the Independent Church, Collins-street, on Sunday last, was one to the effect that the Rev. E. Griffith, the senior minister of the Congregational denomi- nation at Brisbane, Queensland, would occupy the pulpit of the church dur- ing the next few weeks, both on Sundays and on Thursday evenings. In making this intimination, the Rev. S. Heb- ditch, who was taking his farewell of the members of the church prior to his departure for England, asked them to attend the Thursday evening services oftener than they had been in the habit of doing, observing that few could afford to go a whole week without some form of public worship. 