STRAY LEAVES. By t% THE GLEANER." "A noble s jul expands above a little chaff." C-ODJI. ON Friday night the employés of Mr. Royce had a good time. THE Fitzroy Bridge will soon be open for traffic. A WANDERING minstrel ha6 been around this week. His labours were much apprecia ted by canorous parties. THE concavity of the newly-formed road adjacent to the Windsor Railway Station calls forth the ire of most people. The con tractors, if around sometimes, would stand a good show of getting a con vexed brow. THE sloping side-walks of Windsor are a son ree of much discomfort to perigrinating folks. THE Wilberforce spree was a big success. The King of Windsor was the only royal personage present. IF a stranger were to roam arout.-d Windsor on a Sunaay night would he imagine that he had dropped on to a howling wilderness, or that the inhabitants of Gladesville had bro ken loose LATELY, Terpsichorean treats hw ve been around mnchiy throughout the district. THE Windsor eleven defeated the South Creek team on Anniversary Day. AT Syduey, on Anniversary Day, the I Young Australians were taken down by an I eleven of the Derwent Club. THE niuety-third anniversary of Sunny New South Wales was celebrated in good style around The Hawkesbury. THE Ebenezer tea-fight was a first-rate affair. PICNICS were the order of the day on An niversary Day. More work for Hymen. A BIG fakcraent came off at The Butt6 on Anniversary Day. Youth and beauty stalked around. The red coals, the gaudy ostumes of the visitors, the verdant 6pot, and Lord Loftus' necktie blended in perfect harmony. THE aldermanic. election is the topic of conversation just now. FEED. CUPITT won the big prize at The Butte. SAM BOUGHTON won the Mullingar Cup at The Butts. BILL JONES had an egg the other day, quite a curiosity in its way. It had enough material about it as one could build four eggs with, and could not possibly have been the work of one hen. It contained a clutch of eleven or eight. PROFESSOR HOBBS avers that love of wo- man never enters his manly bosom. His amourous days are past. WILLIAM GOSPER, the other day, was termed by the C P.S. a licensed auctioneer, but Bowthorn was merely designated an " auctioneer." How's that. WHAT " strength of push" is necessary to constitute an assault ? THE magistrates, on Tuesday, drew the at- tention of the Inspector of Nuisances to the foul state of many back yards in town, and also to the vagrant stock around. Things promise to be lively. DAN HOLLAND would shine at the bar. (I mean the legal bar, you know.) PAT MOLLOY took down the Good Tem- plars in Sydney on Anniversary Day. GHOSTS are to be seen nightly on the Wil- berforce Road. THE Griffin still frightens infints into fits. I CANNOT vouch for the authenticity of the rumour that the Inspector of Nuisances is going for Back. SWELL larrikins are to be met in large numbers around near Davies Park. Lady pedestrians have a hard time. THE members of the Windsor works Committee must have the bump of benevo- lence in full development. A good labourer (demanding 6s per diem) can do as much work in one day as the used-up old fogies (who receive 4s per diem) can do in three days. Thus the ratepayers suffer toauoe the civic parties are; 'desirous of ~éokrat&£u$ the municipal institution into a bsneTplçnt institution. ~t 