DESTRUCTIVE FIRE IN SYDNEY. [Abridged from the Sydney Morning Herald of Januarv 12. A fire, which has resulted in the destruction of a very large amount of valuable properly, occurred this morning in Barrack-street. Soon after midnight flames were discovered in the warehouse of M. Bechet, general importer, situated closeto the Savings Bank (from which building it is separated by a space of about six : or eight feet), the Daily Telegraph office adjoin- : incr fchA nrazniKAfl em th« fifliArsiHA 12vt.}iefimA ' the firemen arrived and got to work the fire had obtained each hold of the building and its con tents, and was burning «o furiously, that there was no hope of saving any portion of the pro perty. The grandeur of the scene, as the flames rolled out of every window and hole, and from tbe roof of the spacious building, equalled that of the Victoria Theatre on thenighfe it succumbed to a similar fate. The flames shot high into the air, and showers of sparks were carried by the wind far some considerable distance. The roofs of the buildings adjoining M. Bechefs establishment were just catching fire from the shower of sparks rained upon them when the hose was taken through the Daily Telegraph office, and the incipient flames were quenched. Shortly before 1 o'clock the burning building presented a grandly terrible sight. The stone wallB stcod firmly, though the slate roof had crumbled and fallen in; and through the aper tures in it could be seen great rafters reddening into charcoal, while the burnt ghosts of chande liers swayed to and fro, and now and then a great team would fall, like a giant toroh. Cracks opened in the outer walls; and once or twice a panid seized the crowd -a panic which, owing to the presence of the police, only re sulted in a little crushing and straying, but which otherwise might have been the death of more than one. Tbe wind was in the east, and so the sparks fell for the most part harm less, but stul anxiety for the safety of the sur roondiBg buildings Lasted, until at 2 a.m. the fire was got well under. Consternation was great, as might have been expected, in the Telegraph office. The compositors' frames and cases were removed, and owing to the oonfusion it was for a little time difficult to say whether the paper would be issued to-day. Subsequently the usual work of a newspaper office was carried on almost as if no great fire was raging in the immediate vicinity. JUr. Beohet's warehouse was completely gutted, and as floor after floor, laden heavily with expensive and inflammable goods, sank down to preserve the blaze whioh, bursting forth at every opening, drew together the enormous crowd which thronged York, Barrack, and George streets, exclamations of admiration rese freely from those, assembled. At half-past 1 o'clock a smart shower fell, and this,Beeing that the 'building was completely gutted, enabled the firemen to get the flunes under, until, at 2 a.m., bare hot walls surround ing a great mass of smouldering debris showed that the fight was over, and that the Savings Bank and the many warehouses near ait hand ?were safe. ' ? ' 'The news of the death of Mr. Beor, Attorney-General of Queensland,' says the Brisbane Oovrier of December 30, ' was a pain ful shook to the whole community. Those who knew him best thought that his acceptance of the Attorney-Generalship was for himself a' most hazardous step. In his invalid condition be was entirely unfitted, for the severe mental strain the duties of bis office entailed. A few boars' application invariably produoeda rack ing headache that should have warned the unfortunate gentleman to husband his strength by discontinuing, his professional labors-till bis health was restored. The depression that is the invariable aoeompanintent of nervous pros tration used at sack times to weigh heavily on Mr. Beor's spirits. It was loped that change of scene and complete mental repose might have done much towards restoring the deceased gen tleman to. health, though a defective action of the heart made it improbable that he would ever be a robust man. A few. days ago a letter was received by Mr. Kean,in which Mr. Beor detailed his plains amtgave a sketch of the route he intended taking -after leaving Auckland, at which port the Eotorna was .due Ob December 28\. He wrote cheerfully enough; and looked: hopefully forward to regaining his health ia. rP««ty^iiyJ in which ' colony he intended to' sojourn -for some time after, visiting New Zea land. Before the. Botoroa reached Auckland, however, hie had apparently found his sufferings intolerable, and rashly determined to end them. Onr telegram says he was buried at sea. -Henry Bogers Beor wssthesonof a solicitor in Swansea, South Wales.. Henry Beor, his father, is a gentleman of good means and position, and gave his son the advantage of a University iduoation, the deceased having graduated at .Oxford. . On leaving Oxford he commenced the study of the law, and was called to theMiddle Temple in the Hilary Term ol 1870. Five years later he came to Australia, and was admitted to the Queens land baron 7th December, 1875, a few mouths after bis arrival in the «o-«oy. Mr. Bsor, sit thirty-six, was. naturally ambitious ot the prestige attaching to. the office, and covet-' ens of tbe silk gown that was one of the distinctions consequent on his assumption of , it. The latter he obtained a few weeks, ago. There are episodes in the career of the de- * ceased gentleman of a nature so melancholy as to have primarily contributed to the breakdown of his constitution. Shortly after hia arrival in Australia Mr.. Beor married a young lady in . Sydney. After something less wan a year of wedded life death divorced a very happy l union. The bereaved husband never entirely recovered from this severe trial. Hm wife was an heiress, «od left all faer property to%er husband. Mr. Beor invested a large portion «f it in the pur- ' chaseof Banana cattle station, «nd UieTaubse- - qnent depression in this description of property : somewhat preyed on his mind: Undoubtedly tiese distresses aha anxieties tended to aggra- ; : vate the malady that fcau taken possesrion of him, and so . far contributed to -the aad - ; catastrophe that ias ended bis career.' ' '? Teacher— 'Suppose that you have two sticks ; of candy, and your big brother' gives you two : more, bow'many have you got »hen??, tittle I boy (shaklngius biad}— ' Ton dont know him ; he ain't that kind «f ahoy.' 