SIR SAMUEL WILSOtf. FROM- THE AUSTRALASIAN. Une item in.-ihe telegraphic iiewE from England will make tbe heart of every pa- trioiic Victorian, ana indeed of every Aug. tralian, glow with pride. Sir Samuel Wilson has taken a lease of Hngienden Manor, the country seat of the late Loud and lone ere title the inteUfoence has km flatbed, we may he certain, to every news paper office in the oiviUwd«ed endrfliwi waril ojbW 1M to those who have at heart the higher in terests of Austxalla, than to see one of her wealthy sons out-doing the American Big Bonanza men in the splendour of his expen diture, and in the accuracy with which its details are given in_ the newspapers. The great Australian millionaire, as the "so ciety" journals call Sir Samnel, has never rendered himself liable to the rmiroach of hiding his light under a bushel. If tame is to beoonght at a price, Sir Samnel Wilson is always ready to pay the figure. He loves to stand well in the estimation of his fellow- men, and has formed a millionaire's idea of the way by which this end is the most readily obtained. When Sir Samnel recently took the London town house of Lord Somebody, all of the people who write to newspapers were by some mysterious means made simul taneously acquainted with the fact. In pro viding himself with a country house, he evidently had an eye not only for architec ture and demesnes, bnt also for historic associations. If one wanted to advertise himself well as a man of historic suscepti bilities, wealth, and refinement, how could he do so better than by telritif, the house of the late Lord Beaconsfield ; unless, indeed, he had leased Windsor Castle, which was perhaps not available ? If the ghost of the former owner re-visits those terraces, with how sardonic a smile must he view the use to winch his house has been put. Possibly, as the Beaconsfield title lapsed on the death of the late Earl, Her Majesty might he in duced — but we need not pursue a subject which we may be sure has formed serious matter for our rich fellow-colonist's con sideration. How fortunate it is that just as Sir Samuel will be wanting a steam yacht, it has been announced that the Great East ern is for sale. Australia to the fore 1 For tune favours tbe brave, and also the enor mously wealthy, and one result of Sir Samuel's late purchase is that many, who are by no means unqualified admirers of him as a public man will contribute to the for warding his desires if only by penning . chaf fing paragraphs about his plethoric ostenta tion. 