(uami SEWS. A number rf Hibernian lad,.. jn Geriong have formed tbemselvee into a branch of -'The Irish Natrcmal Ladies League." Xhe great TsmhiO " Qold tfirwnT Co. has paid £200,030 dividends in three years. It £10 shares are now worth £130. The Royal t— mm has jiiat cnohed 40 tons which average 5az. The Reformer ftaUt that a R.G ig." Company will shortly be started at Colac. " A number rf gentlemen who are droiiwna rf starting it, have applied for the necessary information, and will commence operations at an early date." Port Darwin news states that a rWmTT boat capsized off Fast Point on Monday morning, and Mr. HL Kott, aon rf the 1tv Dr. Nott, and Mr. Gawfar were drowned, Eirkland, Lewis, and MarahnU swam ashore. Small stock to the boot, and was picked up in the evening. It is stated that pioptily rf the valne rf £90,000,000 per annum is lost yearly on t-K. rocks and sands rf the British T.l.Ata and that many more years will not be permitted to paas without the usee rf mecbataeal science being turned to the recovery rf some portion rf this immense treasure. In New Zealand the armed constabulary is being largely reinforced, and although "The Prophet," Te-Wbifa, urges his people to main- tarn the peace, be in the same breath urges them to resist any attempt to Interfere with their rights. Coonequently they continue their obstxnctiTe fonong operations. Avery ttmoreeerions state rf affiure appears to A Mexican at Las Vqgas, New Mexico, tied bis wife firmly to a board, leaned ber thus helpless against a fence, took a position 50 feet away, and need her as a target for nfie practice. He did not hit her, fan object being to frighten her by embedding the bullets in tbe board dose to her head and body. She fainted tinder the frightful ordeal. The heaviest soldier in (he British army, Roberts, is an Irishman. Hi. champion pwiesifjan ox ids world irlicaiy, u s& Iriahmau. The champion of thg, worifi. H anion, is an Irishman. The champion swimmer of the worid, Boyfeon, is an Irishman. Further comment is nn. neceetarv. The Sydney Bulletin adds : Some people think that Adam vu an lri«'hnwn( because he was an evicted tenant. Mr. John Warren, produce merchant, of Geelong, two years ago packed some butter m tea kegs. Some two months since, these were opened, and the contents of seven were pronounced prime. He now offers to pack one hundred kegs better than the generality of farmers, keep the competing batter in his cellar for nine months, and if at the end of that time his butter is not the best, he will forfeit £50, to be divided between the Gee- long and Mribonrne hospitals. Mr. Bare, M.L.A., having resigned the position of Town Clerk to tbe Majorca Bor ough Council, it was proposed to give him £10 as a gratuity. As a surface whose services had recently been dispensed with, had received a gratuity rf £5, it was urged that £10 was indeed a paltry amount to oner to a member of Parliament. Eventually it was agreed to present Mr. Bare with an nlnminated address upon tbe understanding that it should be execotedat a cost. Praree, who rowed second in the Walker "uroy zzegatta, ie, says zne oytoify UaUetiTi, the coming man. He is powerfully built, and is rf enormous strength. He does his practices around Farm Cove, generally adorned with an old white bell-topper " razed." He prefers to row bare footed, and, by the way, very often playfully In- anlges in the nastimerf gripping his fallow watermen by the calves with his trig toe, the "snipping" power rf which fa marvellous. This has gained him the nickname of "Footv." When he walks aetura a blue metal road, the steam roller isn't wanted. Our readers will, doubtless, be able to make a shrewd guess as to whom JEala alludes m the following paragraph :— The price of titles fa supposed to be huh in the market, and there is no lack rf bidden. On excellent authority I am told that during the joeaconsneia Administration a rich and ambitions colonist offered £40,000 as a con tribution to the election fond rf the English Conservative party, inconridexationrfreoeiv. ing a baronetcy. It was to though I cannot eay by whom, that if he frit enttnmzsfae he might make Eh. that a reference might be «n»dc to the Colonial Governor Ac. But the hopes held ont were too vague for a shrewd business man, who had once before baited bis hook faenttr. and only caught a vety small fish A great novelty in the matter of musical instruments was introduced at StaweU for the first fame on Monday mgfat. by Mr- Lee. The instrument, which was abowa at Fay's Town flail Hotel, appears (the Fan re marks) to be a simple, bat writ-made piece of mechanism known as the oiganette; Tbe music fa manufactured or rolled eat by a handle like that of a hnrdy gnrdy, acting on ? J®!?4"4 etaong sheet rf Jiaper in which holes are cut, and whidi passes over a vent. Through tbe vent air fa blown by mesne rf bellows acting nndereeath. Above tbepaper is a row of reed notes rimilar to those which are used in ordinary , acoordeons, end the holes CTt in the paper permit theneoessary notes bring arted on Wthe air while the others remain anient. Alltendsrfahqecosh ' be thus discounted from tbe dow Junnohy «f tbe hymn to tte Ji vqmrimtTAOtfift fa needed to work .the instrument fa the simple turoiug Of the handle, ' Kempthorne, Prosser and Co, of Dunedin, have manufactured 50 tons of sulphuric acid, and will claim the Government bonus of . £500. A little girl named Jane Crocker, four years of age, accidentally poisoned herself at Ballarat, on Monday, by swallowing a dose of caustic and American potash mix- ture. Mr. William Scott, of Mulloon, Braid- wood district, has invented an instrument for cutting out the piece of flesh in the case of snake bite. It is said to be a handy and very contrivance. Tbe Bor&am; Ttao, in iri.il.ji to the departure from rf Mr. D. E. Mar- tin, states he has been appointed as the j tneceaor rf Mr. A. £. W ritre in the j Dejirti linens rf dyiKwltuifc. A pessentatitsz | was made to Mr. Martin !»»» tearing , Horriam. Mirhari Bnsb. theQstenee Biver sculler, was emrcazoed at a banquet on Monday evening, when he again announced hs intention rf retiring from rowing. The odds are in favour rf hit comiwlhtg apdirFt tarrock, Pesroe, or somebody, before another year has passed over ocr heads. That wril-known beantifol cxmang yacht Zriakn, a sister tend to HJkH-'s Afine, made a moss mwwfsl nm to Cnsstedt from Frtgfard, doing the entire dtrtanre — 1650 rmtes — in eight days; winch is a most remarkable pawsgE for a sailing yacht, wbec.it is remembered that a large portmn rf the distance railed is in inland waters, where calms are prevalent. The BaHarai Comrier says that on en quiring of tbe Bishop rf BaDarat on Monday if there was any foundation for the report that he intended shortly to visit Rnpfawd Dr. Thornton informed he that it bad been proposed that be should go to FregfamA on diocesan matters, bat be had not aE yet de cided whether he would do so or not. Dr. Thornton's determination will not be read known before tbe mnl of this week. Mitt respect to the dynamite explosion ic Sydney, we team from one source H»»v the man, George Cooper was enjoying a agar when he took it info bis head to roll the keg rf dynamite under his bedstead. Another paper says that he was moVb.g a rape, and probably a spark dropped from it. The recklessness or thonghttessnfiss dis played bv many men whiUt bvudbr, ex plosives, is really wonderfnL Cooper remains in a critical state at the infirmarv, and it fa NUijn iping that he era- lived to tell the tale. Telegraphing from Sydney, the Apt cor respondent says During the recent voyage rf the immigrant ship Nineveh, a practical joke was perpetrated, which has led since to unhappy consequences. One of the voting female immigrants dressed herself in a sheet, pretending to be a ghost. At dead rf night she stalkro through the steeping girls, whom she aroused. In one instance the shock was so severe that a girl lost ber reason, and became hopetemly insane. She wasexamined on the arrival rf the shin by medics! men, on whose certificate she has been sent to the asyinm. Tbe matter will be investigated by the Immigration Board. In the Insolvency Court on Tuesday, before his Honor Judge Noel, the examination summons in the estate rf Joarob Bnll rf Belfast, late storekeeper, was et&aed.; Mr. Philipe appeared for the defendant, and Mr. Braham for the insolvent The examination rf the insolvent was concluded, and that of George Haynes proceeded with. The insol vent was ordered to file a cash account of receipts and payments from the 1st Jnne, 1881, to the 4tt August in detail, and an affidavit, within fourteen days. Tbe Courier says The last number rf the Gampsrdown Chronicle, fa more facetious than usual. Our contemporary rays : — " A compositor on one of the Melbourne daily papers suddenly and mysteriously recovered bearing while at supper the other evannc after being derfjim-seven years. A far occurred in this office on Wednesday last A oomporitur wbo had possessed the sense of hearing for thirty -seven years, suddenly and mysteriously beeame deaf when oar reporter asked him for the loan of half-a -crown imHl he could sen his dog."—" Onr reporter, while canvassing the other day for the paper in the intervals rf his otter duties, being told hy an old lady that it was no nse to subscribe to papers now, as Mother Shipton said the worid was coming to an end tins year; asMj 'Bat won't yon want to read an account of the whole affair as soon as it comes off?" ' That I will,' answered the did lady, and she subscribed." A contributor to the Batdigo InAepwidaA relates the following story A rustic, who livra some score irilra or less from Sandhurst, is the father rf a firstborn, and to ray be loves it, fa saying nothing. He simply worships it It fa getting on for six wno—i.. old, and consequent y had to be vaccinated. The parents had read something about getting lymph from calves, and hart heard a great deal about inoculating rf ""A"— by rang human lymph; and they were ample folks those parents. They had a young calf — Moily'a three-year old, hand-reared ; mil ttey wonld take her in and get the precious babding 'vaccinated off it.' They were in town test week, and drove up to a View Point surgery. The mother took the baby in, and the rustic father followed with the calf in his arms. The surgeon gazed — amazed. The mother told her mission, awl the father, gaaping with the struggling heifer, added, 'And we brought our own calf ?' We need never be astonished at any thing after that." One of the items received by the B.M.S.S. enetia reads as under : —The provisions of the Irish Land Act as it now stands, bare been well summarised in a tetter by Sir C. Garan Duffy to the Irish, people, published test week. Sir Charles says that all the arbitrary powers and nnjnst practices com plained of by the Irish tenants hare been swept away by the act, and that it is a boon snch as no Parliament, native or foreign, had hitherto given to the Irish people. The power of raising rents, as tbe Land Commis sion promxmoee, fa a fair one. The tenants' improvements are effectually secured to him, and he can eril them along with his rights of possession at the best price as freely as the landlord can aril his estate. He cannot be ejected for 15 years, and in the bulk of cases be can never be ejected while comply ing with certain conditions. The tenant pays a fair rent, fixed by tbe Land Commis sion, and they have now an easy method and sobrtantal help to transform themselves uto tended proprietors. Landlordism fa disestablished nearly as effectually as is the Irish Church. 