CONCERT AT BURWOOD. Amongst the best concerts given outside the boundaries of the city are those given periodically by the Western Suburbs Musical Society at Burwood. The residents of this suburb generally seem musically inclined, and they certainly have amongst them all the vocal and instrumental qualities which are the essential constituents of an attractive musical entertainment. They have also an excellent hall, which they decorate tastefully with flowers, evergreens, and a flags, and illuminated brilliantly when these entertainments ' take place. Last night the society gave the second concert of their second season, and they had the gratification of having a very large and fashionable attendance. The members were present in force and included soloists and chorus singers of good ability, who with a numerous and efficient orchestra were marshalled under the direction of Mr. Hector M'Lean. The orchestra included amongst its numbers, Mr. Sebastian Hodge, the saxophonist, and were led by Mr. C. M. Deane, while Mr. Hugh Duff acted in the capacity of accompanist. In accordance with a request made to them the society repeated Birch's operetta, " Eveleen, of the Rose of the Vale." The piece abounds with pretty numbers descriptive of scenes in the hayfield, and at the village festival, and harvest home, and it terminates with a rustic dance and chorus of the merriest order. Several of the solos were so cleverly rendered as to win loud applause for the execu- taste, and some were encored, while the choruses were marked with pleasing fulness and precision. The second part of the programme comprised a general selection of items First amongst them was an overture, entitled " The Caliph of Bagdad." This was followed by a cavatina and a cabarets, which Mr. Percy Jones sang with excellent effect. Mr. Jones was encored, as his merits as a vocalist deserved, and he repeated a portion of the cabarets. Mr. Hodge played on the saxophone " Auld Robin Gray " with much sweetness, and was encored ; after which a Nocturne in D was rendered by Mr. and Mrs. Deering, respectively, on the English con- certina and the piano. Homo solos were sung by lady and gentleman amateurs, and a chorus terminated what was one of the most agreeable events of the season. " Tried and True on interesting drama of the sensational class, in which the part of the hero is taken by the author, Mr. Walter Reynolds, was successfully repeated at the Queen's Theatre last evening. Mr. Reynolds is supported by Miss Willis and a good company, and the drama so effectively performed. " Madame Favart " has entered on the last week but one at the Theatre Royal, and is still largely patronised. Mr. Maccabe announces this as the last week but one of his clever entertainment " Begone Dull Care," which has nightly drawn large audiences at the School of Arts. " D'Arcy Read's Ghost " is still a popular entertainment at the Victoria Hall. 