Fiction. Lucy Ross's Sacrifice. By N. WALTER SWAN. ? Chapter XII. — In Memory op. Moore and Farrell worked as members of this community but a short time before the restless spirit that actuated both drove them farther afield and closer to the two notable dangers— the fever and the savage. They worked away among the foliage, where the sound of pick or swish of cradle was never known before. They were the only two to be met with for miles around, and the echoes of their labour startled the sleeping forest and travelled up its solemn avenues with the seeming of a transgression on the repose that lav there since the stars sang together. The lurking miasma that was abroad, like the lurking natives, did not approach them, and they toiled as only men can whose ener gies and strength are unsapped, and to whom labour, backed of hope, possesses enough excitement to make it a recreation. Both had unusual strength and endurance, and there was a certain philosophy underlying their restlessness that served materially to protect health. Moore could find some forget fulness of the past, ending with the day he rode from Glasslough mills, only when his powerful arms were at labour from the yellow sunrise to the red setting among the vapours. It seemed to him that the face he had left was destined to follow him. He felt as if standing in the midst of a wrecked hope— the first that had won him, a face breaking up in sorrow and marked with an unhappy history. A bright life yielded over to the meanness and mockery of the man of wealth, she shrinking from the ignorant selfishness and arrogant pretensions of a contemptible husband, occupied his thoughts till even he wondered at the desolation of the sterile prospect lying in the future. The gold for which he laboured and often won he scarcely thought of. He had but one treasure, over which the waters of life had eddied. His one argosy, freighted with happiness, had sunk to show no more on such possible horizon *as the years might bestow. If the gold he was finding could assist her, if the labour he was giving could be directed in any way to add something to her happiness, or to ward from her the pain and the misery of her future, he could find consolation. But they were parted finally by the wide sea— by bondage and unhappiness on one side, and by the dangers of death on the other. Thus Moore inter weaving his thoughts with the Bound of the grating pick or the monotonous rollings of the rocking gravel. Mr. Farrell, on the other hand, found himself getting possession of an inspiriting hope and a companionable buoyancy of spirit seldom experienced in those days of heat and breathless nights. When he saw his share steadily accumulating, and thought of the old gullies and pennyweights he had loft, he deemed it but just to proclaim the Palmer neighbourhood a glorious country, because it was freed, and there was no private property — that was the shame and the ein of Victoria. He never thought to stand on the Clones bogs anymore. He would stand there yet, and again jump across the old hole where he digged the turf from where Pat Hughes fell in, and gave him best. 'You see, Moore,' he would explain in bis hopeful way, 'there's three big fields joining my father's farm in the townland of Dromedrany ; and if £ oould buy them and the farm out and out for the old people, wouldn't there be whisky and tobacco and courting? Then if Sampson, the half-thoroughbred, or any of bis stock, were at the old spot, I'd ride to the hounds in breeches and boots as well as the best of them. But, better than all, I'd repay the old couple for the hardships and striving they went through to give me schooling and make a minister of me.' Farrell's prosperity, however, had a cloud, too. The fate of his companions had been stamped upon his memory, and his highest aspiration, so far as Australia was con cerned, was to settle accounts with Renfrew and Sunday. He would break off from his favourite St. Kevin song to think of that episode, end wear the relentless frown that Moore had observed dwelling with him in his moments of silent thought. At such times he would sink his pick to the eye with an expression of face that indicated little mercy, and sometimes, after dashing the sweat away from above hie heavy brows, would stand looking into the distance, wondering in bis wild way if the justice of God would ever place those men within his grasp. One day when the regular sounds of the axe were travel ling and disturbing the brilliant birds that flew off in screeching protest, Mat Farrell heard a Bound that was strangely familiar. It was connected with the darkest ex perience of his life, and he jumped excitedly on the fallen trunk to listen and to recognize it. The murmuring roll grew louder, but before the black band appeared he knew his escort from Hawkes Bend was coming with their still, far-looking captain. The sable covey flew up with the silence they had observed when he and Moore were rescued, and they made as directly for the tent as though travelling on a highway. They reined in suddenly. ' I did not expect to find you here,' spoke the captain, with hiB grave half-smile and melancholy voice. You seem to be as little afraid of the blackfellows as though you had never seen Hawkes Bend. Where is Mr. Moore ? Ah ! here he comes. Have either of you, gentlemen, seen any of the natives about or anything to lead you to suspect they are in the vicinity ?' The mates had not seen anything to arouse suspicion. 'lam almost ashamed to say that the arch-traitor of the Hawkes Bend tragedy has escaped me up to this time ; but I have got information that 'he is not far distant. If we paes you on our return, I hope to have some news for you. The career of Sunday is, I think, about run.' ' Was there any one with Sunday you have reason to suspect r' asked Farrell, in a low voice. 'No one. His trail from Hawkes Bend was unac companied by any other tracks. Shortly after his appearance at the rush 'beyond a white man arrived almost in tatters, and some thought he was insane. He is not there now, and has either wandered to some other diggings, or has fallen into the hands of the blacks. In either case there is not much hope of his turning up again. Did you know hiru'r' 'Yes, 1 know him— and will know him again, please God!' 'This time,' said the captain, not heeding the reply, ' some Chinamen have disappeared. If the fever has over taken them they will be easily found lying where they first lay down. Our object now is to cut the track they took, and run it down.' 'You said you had intelligence concerning Sunday? inquired Farrell, earnestly. ' I have heard news of Sunday that also concerns my present mission. We may meet again before long, gentle men.' He made a sign to his inen, and they melted away amongst boughs and trailers as quickly as they had appeared. Said Farrell, looking after them : ' ' They're on for another scrimmage. Did you see the wild-beast eyes of them niggers 'i They'll have a fancy shot or two before they come back, or my name's not Farrell.' ' Poor devils,' muttered Moore. ' this wiping out may be necessary ; but it's not justice.' 'And why not, I'd like to know?' Farrell inquired angrily. ' Think of thoBe fine fellows murdered. Think of the minister that had given up everything to do good here. How many of their lives would it take to balance Ms ? Think of the men they have killed that were never heard of. Think of us waiting our turn to be knocked on the head, and tell me it's not justice. I am not a cruel man. Barring shooting a brace or two of game in my own townland, or a duck or a 'possum out here, I never hurt a thing knowingly ; but I'd swear to you on a stack of bibles I'd rather see that fun than be drinking whisky punch. And Sunday ! — to have the combing of his hair with that pick-handle, I'd give all the gold I'm worth and make a fresh start.' He held out the pick with his 6inewy hand, looking the incarnation of strength and ven geance. ' You think about the matter too much, Farrell. This country naturally belongs to them. We are the usurpers and the robbers.' 'Are we? No, sir. We are the visitors and the strangers. Where is their hospitality ? Where is their — their common decency ? Nothing but spears and blood and worse. So be it. L'et it be spears and blood, say I.' This was in the early morning, when the eastern' sky looked painted with chrome. The day's glare was asserting itself upon the stillness that seemed to wall in the sounds of the men's labour. The sluggish creek was moving with here and there a ripple that was but a whisper. The glugging water and the grating of the washing clay seemed to make the day more irksome and lonelv. Twice Moore paused as sounds travelled up to him seemingly to die above his labour. They were not a part of the voices of the day, that utter their solemn speech at all times, or of the hushr ings of the trees, the faint waving of grass, the sounds of birds, or the wide sighing of life in that minor key that is a pervading note of sorrow. They seemed an addition to the pendulum of the moving hours. Moore resumed his wont, and forgot the slight disturbance. He was again bending over, in the great human search for gold, to look at the yellow specks showing in the shallow earth. Thus on to the afternoon, when he was slowly panning the pebbles from his dish, with glittering little stones looking like jewels. Farrell was some distance away splitting for a paling fence that would render their tents safer. Moore had begun to whisk sand and gold and stones together round his dish for a final clearing, when a shadow grew past his own in the water, dancing with his and with the sky upon the ripplings. He started up with a frightened bound, and in an instant was standing six feet away, with his rifle in his hand. Those who say that brave men do not grow pale at danger have seldom seen brave men facing it. It is in the eye where bravery dis covers itself if a sudden surprise overtakes a man, or, what is but another word for bravery, presence of mind. Moore was pale, but holding the gun in such a position that it could instantly be brought to his shoulder, and his eyes were quick and searching. He had scarcely looked at the intruder before he let the hammer of his rifle gently back, and rested.it quietly against a tree. The figure that was waiting silently before him would have been a formidable one if the big shoulders had not been bowed, if the black arms had not been trembling, if the sweat had not been standing in beads on his brow and face. The wildncss that is an auxiliary to strength was gone, and the weakness and helplessness that break and tame had come. It was pitiful to see the cloudine: on the black far-away eyes and the weariness with which they * watched the sudden attitude of Moore and his dreaded weapon. The upper part of the wide mouth was gathered in pain, and the hanging lips grave to the face an expression of silent despair. Moore saw the evidences of a wound trickling from his side between his fingers and dropping slowly on the sand beside his feet ; but when he saw the savage point silently with a mutilated finger to the wound, the young man stretched out his hand to grasp the gun apain. Another look at the bowed figure and changed face told him that Sunday stood before Mm. The recognition seemed mutual. The blackfellow's face became fixed with fear as he waved him off wildly, forgetful of his wound. But Moore pointed to his tent with peremptory gesture ; and the sinking aboriginal dragged himself to the shelter, and lay down shivering upon a rug beside the stretcher. A rough bandage was bound and fixed, while the savage, still silent and his face still wrought by terror, followed with restless eyes the movements of the man he had betrayed. He watched, in passive waiting, as watching for the plunge of a knife or the bore of the rifle pointing to his breast. But Moore was searching for what his friend honoured next to whisky, and in obedient fear and silence the blackfellow emptied nearly half a pannikin of rum behind hip chattering teeth. Obedient to another sign he lay down, with his head resting upon a pack-saddle ; regular breathings came, and the lids of his misted eyes slowly conquered fear. Moore strode silently over the body, and let fall the curtain that covered the entrance. The traces of the blood on the sand were hastily removed, as well as the track which led up the creek bank for about 20 yards. The sounds of work Began again at the surfacing patch, and silence closed round once more. Farrell's steady axe was at work in the dimness of the trees, and Moore's pick grated in the earth. As in the morning, the beat of hoofs came to the workers, this time towards the west, as in the morning they had galloped towards the face of day, and the boughs 'again formed a background for the native troop. They rode eagerly along the creek, while the man who captained them again rode towards Moore. He sat in the saddle of his panting horse as he said, 'We found tbe unfortunate Chinese, Mr. Moon, wandering about the bush with pro visions running short, and saw them close to their destina tion.' He put his hand across his eves as though to press remembrances away. 'Thank God, there was no duty to perform. I don't know what you will think, or whether you will understand my saying it, but I am glad to be in a position to tell you that Sunday haB escaped us again. He was making for the diggings where the Chinese were going, when one of my hyenas got upon his track, and subsequently was rewarded by a glimpse of him. A few uncertain shots were fired, but he was too quick. They tracked him to this creek, and are now, I believe, foiled. I am tired of this work, Mr. Moore, perilous though it be. It may be duty, it may be justice, but it is neither merciful work nor human work.' ' I quite understand you. We are trespassing on lands that are not ours. They are the gift of nature — of God — to these people, and hence they are here. We judge and kill them by the law of civilization — a law of which they know nothing. And before the appliances which science has placed within our reach these stalwart savages are as feeble as infants. They follow the in» ' stincts and customs of their tribes. We come un sought to enforce the customs of ours in the in terests of civilization and of Christianity. The baptism o£ Christianity here and now, as it always has been, is a baptism of blood, for with all inferior races civilization and Christianity only mean extermination. The Maoris, how ever, have the resisting and the adopting power. Such of tho combination as suits them they will adopt ; such as does not they will resist, and have resisted successf ally. The Maoris are intelligent.' ' You are giving speech to thoughts that follow me always and that have aged and saddened me. I never, I am glad to say, shot a blackfebow except in self-defence, and until it absolutely became a question of his life or mine. The wild beasts yonder, called the black police, find their greatest pleasure in slaughtering their countrymen. When running down some of their own race they do not seem to know either fatigue or hunger. Ties of kindred, tribe, or country are by them disregarded ; and yet,' with his un hopeful smile, ' we do good sometimes. As a set-off to what is too generally regarded as the duty of the band,, many European and Asiatic lives have been saved by us, yours and Farrell's amongst them, but that record is only a beggarly one against the other. Confidence is being restored amongst the British colonists, which means that between alcohol and powder this part of the territory at least is being thinned. Such 'as are not overtaken will be abject ana treacherous, with no manhood even of their own kind about them. The history is the same every where. America, Tasmania, 'Victoria, Fiji, and Caledonia; have repeated or are repeating the same story. New Guinea over yonder will come next. The Dutch are civilizing the Achinese, and England before long will begin the civiliza tion of the Guineans on the other coast. I am as much an instrument of that civilization, I suppose, as this is,' letting his hand fall on his rifle stock. ' Mr. Moore, I do not forget the names of any whom I have been the means of rescuinc from the blacks, and if at all compatible with my duty I .never neglect an opportunity of seeing them. I cannot tell where duty may lead me to-morrow, or I may rest in my quarters undisturbed for a week while the wolves chafe. News of Sunday will have interest for you, I doubt not. I trust I may not be the bearer.' ' I hope not, Captain ? .' There was a query in the pronunciation of the word captain by Moore, but the horseman did not appear to observe it. He lifted his broad - leafed hat from his white forehead and black hair with some- 1 what elaborate politeness, and galloped away in the direc- | tion of his men. Moore at once strode away to meet Far rell, who was coming back from work. ' Are you hungry, Mat V ' Not much. There is nothing much worth calling hunger in this climate. Not the real downright hunger I used to feel in the gullies of Victoria, or when cutting turf in the bogs.' ' Then we can put off the supper till the day is cooler r' ' To be sure we can.' ' In the meantime I want to speak with you.' ' Aye, go on, speak away.' ' Come into the tent.' . ' Why not lie down here?' \ ' I want to speak to you in the tent particularly, because I shall there light a candle. I want to see your face while I am speaking.' ' In troth, Moore, I was never ashamed to show my face yet, although it might have been better looking and then no great shakes. Come on ; you shall have your candle and your talk, how you please, and when you please.' ' When we get the palisade up we'll join the tents into one, Mat?' ' Aye, it would be better company like.' Farrell sat down on his stretcher, holding the candlestick,, which was a ball of moistened day, and Moore seated him self on a block of wood opposite. ' I have known you now some time Mat— not in the ordi nary way of knowing a person, but under circumstances which must have proved the bravery and loyalty of a»y man. You are the best mate, Mat Farrell, that a j man ever had. There is no man this day in this country more honest or honourable than you are.' 'What's the matter with you, William Moore?' asked ' Farrell, quickly and anxiously. ' Have you got the fever, or do you think you are going to die ? Cheer up, man.' He paused and searched his friend's face keenly ; then some what brokenly said, ' You are not about to say that wo are going to part i' ' Me ! Not except God sees fit to take either of us.' ' Thank God for that ! Now go on. Our mission here is not all for gold. It would have been, I suppose, if the fellows we started with from Cooktown were alive ; but they have left us a reckoning to square, Moore, and wo niuBt do it.' ' Listen ! You remember the time we met at Sandridge, our search for the outfit, then the passage here. How you saved me from the gambler, and, for the matter of that, how you saved me from myself. How you managed our escape from Hawkes Bend. How in everything that I ? know of, from the time of our meeting at the Dacre Hamil ton, you were to me the truest friend a man ever knew. Un knowingly, perhaps, to yourself, but not unknowingly to me, you took the heaviest part of the work, and far more than your share of the burden. 1 am as able and fit as you are, but you would and will -have your obstinate way, ' Mat. There was just one other you liked as well as you liked me ; that was the Rev. Mr. Blakely.' 'No, I didn't; I honoured him for a noble man, Wil liam.' Farrell's softening eyes and face hardened as ho spoke. Moore proceeded : ' Very well. Do you remember the doctrines he taught ? They were those that made him noble in your esteem. Could he countenance murder or teach revenge?' ' How could he ? That's what ho was always preaching against, for he preached to me when he was talking in his . own beautiful way.' ' And now, Mat, he is dead.' 11 He is dead, God rest him ! But there is a reckoning coming we don't forget, do we ?' ' We do not. If you had asked Mr. Blakely when alive how, in case of his being murdered, you could most honour him and please him, presuming he is permitted to know such things in the after-life, what would he have said ?' ?'How can I tell what the poor fellow would have said ?' ' Would he not have replied : ? By following those teach ings which 1 teach, by remembering those precepts whisk I preach, by raising your fellow-men to something nobler and. better than they are. This, to me, is the noblest thing in life, and it is what I have dedicated my life and energies to.. If you do this, I shall not have lived in vain.' His teach ing was the one urging always in whatever shape— always the same, ' Love to all men.' If for his sake— and it would be mostly for his sake, Mat — you murdered that ignorant and . treacherous savage, Sunday, who acted according to his teachings and the customs of his people, and fought against invaders as resolutely as ypu would, but in another way, what would Mr. Blakely think in that other life into which he has entered?' Mat looked up sullenly, and bruised the candlestick out of shape. ' He would think this : * My teachings have been for gotten, and the memory of my sacrifice is dishonoured when in my name and on my account the reckoning of ven geance has been measured out. I sacrificed my life fruit lessly to teach love. I have been the cause of vengeance and of sin. I have spoken to Farrell on the deck and by the way for hours together, yet I have been the direct cause of his committing a bloody crime.'' Farrell's hand was shaking, and the tender light that Moore so liked to see had come back to his large gray eyes. ' William, there's a lot in what you say. I'll not deny that you are right. It's hard to let those men escape ; but you are right ; I believe you are right. Mr. Blakely, God rest him ! will never have to say that Mat Fairell dishonoured his memory. If it's all the same to you, Willie, we have had enough of this.' ' Hear me a little farther, my friend. The subject will be finished between us now and for ever if you so choose; What next to foregoing vengeance would give Mr. Blakely joy ? What, mstead of dishonouring his memory, would most honour it ?' ' Just so. I see what vou are driving at and I know the spot too. He 6hall have it, Willie— as good a tombstone aa we can get if there is such a thing out here : and we 11 risk Hawkes Bend with a heart and a-half to put it there strong enough to defy the blacks. They don't use picks, and they won't knock it down if I have the fixing of it.' ' ' I mean a better monument than anything we can ob tain here— an evidence that will last of the nobility and goodness of him whom we have both reason to honour and respect. You have ju6t now agreed to give up your scheme of revenge. You never do. things by halves, Mat. Mr. Blakely taught you in the words of his Master to love your enemies. Show practically how truly you honour his memory by the exercise of what the dead man bo often represented as the crowning virtue.' ' I don't quite understand you,' Farrell replied slowly, in a bewildered way ; ' you have preached me out of myself somehow, and 1 am getting fagged. Come, William, what do you want me to do ?' . .... ' If I had not been able to win you to my views in this matter for the sake of the memory of your dead friend, and the respect you feel for him, I should have asked you as a last resort to take my view of the matter for my sake, as adding another to the many favours you have shown me, and to the many eelf-denyings you have imposed upon yourself on mv behalf. I do not speak of them, but 1 remember them all.'' ? ' You might have saved yourself a lot of talking, Willie, if you had asked me straight from yourself and for your self whatever vou want of me. What is it i' 'Sunday is here.' 'Good God!' exclaimed Farrell, letting the mud candlestick and the candle drop on the floor. ' You are not dreaming ? You havn't been drinking ? You've not got the fever ? What is the matter ? ' ' Sunday is in my tent sleeping, and wounded nigh unto death, Mat.' ' Sunday in your tent, wounded ! Let me think.' There was a pause, during which Mat studiously perused the gold his mate had been washing that day, now in a pannikin on the table. He sat looking at it as if assessing its value, but he was away among the level shadows that fell from the rocks, looking along his gun- barrel in Hawkes Bend, when the grips of the savages were on him, and when the sounds of the tragedy that was being enacted on either side reached him. He was back on the Cooktown Road, back on the ship's deck, and baring his head in thanksgiving to Mr. Blakely's bidding when the narrow reef passage wbb passed. Moore sat patiently waiting, looking out on the throbbing of the tropic stars. ~V- hen the silence had lasted long Farrell placed the pannikin gently on the table, and said : ' If I had met Sunday in the bush yesterday or any day since that time, and if he had been wounded as you describe, I would have helped him if I could. 1 think no one but a coward would take advantage of a wounded man, even if he , was a nigger.' ' Come and see him.' c-,Eh ! go and see him?' After an irresolute pause, 'Well, yes, maybe it's the right thing to do. Go on.' As they left for the wounded savage Moore explained : — ' He came to me broken and trembling, and when he saw who I was he looked as if he had seen a ghost. He waved me off with one hand while the blood coming from his side was trickling through the fingers of the other. Look.' The speaker struck a light and lifted the curtain. The huge proportions of the black figure looked formidable as the limbs rested listlessly on the rug— thrown out as from pain. The light-coloured bandage relieved the dark bronze skin, and helped to show the large physique. Moore said, in a low voice, ' He is dreaming.' rlhe chest of the wounded man was labouring, and it seemed as if tears were mingling with the drops of sweat that stood upon his face. Suddenly his eyes opened and glittered up at the watchers. It was painful to look at him trying to shrink away beneath the stretcher like a hunted animal. ' Lie still,' spoke Meore kindly, by voice and geature, and the big head sank wearily back to its place. But the face, with its wide features, turned up again in a silent appeal. 'What is it, Sunday?' ' You gib it drink,' he hoarsely whispered, and the man drank and lay down trembling. Farrell stooped, and drew a portion of the broad rug over the sufferer. ' If you sleep in my tent, Moore, I'll sit up with him. I can see he is feverish, and will want attention. It will never disturb me to do that, and even then I shall Bleep more than you.' ' I understand what you mean. I took him in, and I'll take the trouble. 'Just so,' broke in Mat, hurrying to reply. 'You preach me into returning good for evil, and I don't know what not, and when 1 want to practise your preaching you won't allow me.' A man of less steady nerve than Farrell would have found the topk of the night's watching an anxious one. The wildness of the fever and the wildness of the patient tested the strength and endurance of his nurse to the utmost. Not once in the long hours did an impatient ex clamation from escape him. No expression of anger touched his face, even in his stragglings with the maddened aborigi nal; it seemed always placid and pitying. When the sick man, with lips drawn tight and blazing eyes, looking like an incarnate demon, flung at him such missiles as were within reach — when he gloated at him with the wolfish look he had observed among his brethren in the cave when he rose gently to close with and throttle him, the same unaltered and determined kindness bore him back to his rug. The nurse knew his danger. If he once gave way to sleep, the treachery of the savage's nature and the ravings of the fever would sacrifice his life did x the chance but present itself. Once he opened his eyes to find the patient stooping on hands and knees, and glaring up at his face like a crouching tiger. Before the morning came, the marks upon the bandage showed that the wound was bleeding anew. Lassitude and weakness followed as the light came, till he lay asleep with that leaden hue under lying the dark surface skin that is to be seen in death. In a few days Sunday had struggled to his feet, and tottered out silently to the surface patch, where the men were working. Instinctively he reached the place in silence, and sat down watching the search with curious eyes, the reason of which he could not understand. The workers quietly recognized his drawn face as he sat in the hot sun. His eyes followed them for a while, and then became slowly fixed on his side. ?' Whitefellow say good-bye?' he said at last, with im ploring in his face and voice. 'Blackfellow go away. No more Sunday.' He stretched himself out on the sand bank where he had stood bleeding a few days before, with an expression of yielding himself up to rest. The diggers left their work and stood beside him a while ; and while Moore fanned the flies from the big calming face, Farrell ran to the tent for the last of the rum. In less than a minute he was beside the dying man, and had his head resting on his knees. 'Drink, Sunday! this fellow rum mak you big one strong' Sunday uncovered his dim, dark eyes and shook his head, so saying eloquently, after his own fashion, ' The night is at hand.' The eyelids fell as they had fallen in the tent, and sleep conquered. They buried him deep on a soft looking bank of grass ; and another weal was raised on the green turf, where now a massive grave-mark of timber etands, bearing the roughly cut words — Sunday. In Memory of John Blakely. 