GOLD AND DANGER; A DIGGER'S CHRISTMAS. Br the Editob. Author of " Melville's Cave," " Winning a Wife," "The Ghostly Digger," and. other Sketches, &c.;, &c.; CHAPTER I. HOW I STARTED DIGGING. There was a romantic peculiarity about the early days, of the Victorian diggings, which has long since vanished, and will never be revived— not even though large deposits of the golden ore should be discovered in a more northerly direction. The novelty of the thing has disappeared, and though the piles may be as large and abundant as ever, still the.freshness, the romance has vanished. All were newchum miners then, aud most were unacquainted with the appearance of gold in its native state, and when the vein or the patch was struck and the glittering particles or shining nuggets came tumbling out amidst the gravel, it seemed as if Aladdin's wonderful lamp had been brought into use. Then the constitution of society was so different. There were old bands—" lags," as they were called—not the least respectable members, for with the exception of a strong predilection for " square" at thirty shillings the bottle, and a lavish and unthinking expenditure, they had a certain dignity to maintain, and they maintained it with credit to themselves. Their hands, too, were always open to the unsuccessful, and their advice and assistance to those more ignorant than themselves. Many a new arrival has had to acknowledge that the foundation of his fortune was laid through the assistance of one of these. They have now all passed away, and their place knows them no more. Another element in our society consisted of imports from Pentonville Prison—"Paiuted villians," as they are called. They were lads who, having served a short period in prison, were sent out here as a last chance for their reformation. Many an one has reformed, and now in prosperity bless the means that have made them so. Others, I believe the majority, after squandering the money made on the diggings, turned to their old courses, and have either died through their excesses or have been overtaken by the law. It was from this class mostly that the ruffian bands that made life and property so uncertain were formed. Then there were shopkeepers fresh from the counters, bank and government officials, farmers, shepherds, and gentlemen • the latter (digging in their kid gloves) from motives of curiosity, and not from want. At the time of which I speak society was without the female element, and the diggers had to cook, wash, and clean up for themselves after the labors of the day were over. I remember well the sensation which the arrival of tlia first woman caused. As she walked along the road amongst the diggings, clad in a green skirt and black jacket, the diggers (it was dinner time) all turned out to see the unwonted spectacle. I believe her character was not of the purest. She was successful, but where is she now ? Two months before Christmas, 1851, I arrived off Forest Creek—tired and weary from a six weeks' overland trip. But though my body needed rest, my mind was elated by the fabulous reports that had met me on my way. My first impression of the diggings was very satisfactory, as I saw a dishful of dirt washed out, and the residue of gold was estimated to weigh twenty-five pounds. How my heart bounded at the sight. I imagined at once I was on the high road to fortune, and hastened on my way anxious to pitch ray camp and delve into the auriferous soil. I had no tent, but purchased one, and also a cradle, from a lucky digger, who was clearing out for Melbourne. I may as well describe him now, for we shall encounter him again as my narrative progresses. He was a short, thick-set Scotchman, with a florid complexion, much pock-marked, light curly hair streaked with grey, and blue eyes, which you could not fathom. He had lost two lingers of the left hand, and limped a little on the left foot. Where his left ear should have been, there was only an orifice, the whole of the external parts being absent. He spoke with but little accent, except when under the influence of whisky, and then the country of his nativity was plainly revealed. According to custom the bargain had to " wetted," so we adjourned to a neighboring store, where drinkables as well as eatables were served out. The whisky somewhat unloosened his tongue, and a second application set him talking. " This," said he, " is a vera fine localitee for making a fartune. I have been here but a wee fortnit, and I shall mak eight hundred puns." Of course I congratulated him. " You look," he said, ". but a puir body to stand the racket o' the diggins, but I think by the glint o' your eyes you a' aye spunky, and that will pu' you through; but wi your abiiitee, for I ken ye're no ane of the common raff, ye might do better en surer." " How do you know I am not one of the common raff, as you call it ?" " There's no occasion to speer—the very looks o' you are enouch, then ye dinna swear, an ye spak as clear as an Ediner." " But how can I do better than try my luck at the diggings ? You have done well. Why may not I?" " I hae got gold at the diggins— true. I hae made mair besides." "How?" " It dinna matter, lad. There is plenty to be made—safe. There'll be three carts ganging to Melbourne soon fu' o' gold. A few desp'rate men could tak the lot, and then it wud no be a few hundreds—but thousands — thousands 1 aud ye could live a gent at home." " Why, you old sinner," I explained, " do you mean to suggest to me to turn highway robber ?" " Dinna fash yersel in that way ; it'll no be the first time ye hae brak the law. Come awa, and I'll explain. I ken by your wee bit bonnet yo're a Penton." It was true I wore a peaked cap—a cap which I afterwards, found out was their distinguishing badge. My ire being aroused, I rushed at the scoundrel, but before I could reach him a tall Irishman stepped between, saying— " No fighting, mates, or bedad if there is to be a shindy, I'll have a share." On this I stepped back, and my friend quietly withdrew, saying— " We shall meet again, and then tak care o' yoursel—" As soon as he was gone the newcomer said— " Faith, and that's a bad fellow. I caught what he said, and knowing a bit about yer thought there would be a breeze." " Why, how do you know me ? Still, I think I recollect your face somewhere?" " Don't yon remember Port Lincoln and the Culana Ranges ?" " Ah, now I know. What a brush we had with the natives 1" " You may well say that, and, be jabers, if it had not been for you I shouldn't have been here, I dunno. I remimber how I lay on the grouud, after knocking the sinses out of a few of them with my shiUaly, while three spears were sticking in my body. One of the big buck blacks was just going to put another one in, when you came with a yell and floored him. In a twinkling we had the spears v»ut and cleared the kitchen, just as the troopers (hiven bless them for fine fellows) came up and drove the fellows off." " But where have you been, Pat, and what have you been doing ?" " Why, docthor (I was always called by that title in the bush),. I have been everywhere almost. Sometimes with a full belly, and sometimes nearly starving. Sometimes a singer in a shed shearing my two hundred a day, and sometimes thankfully accepting a feed of fish from the blacks. But come away to my tent, and we'll thry a petatur and a chop; my tent is next to yours. We'll go mates, if you like ? I am down on my luck a bit; but.old Jimmy has laid me on to a bit of ground." As 1 was peckish, and my funds were not overwhelmingly large, I ac- cepted the invitation with pleasure, and we at once adjourned. The chops were cut off a sheep killed the night before, and were soon grilling on the fire, the tea made, and the damper produced. We then seated upon a log, each witii a " hunk" of damper for a plate, and our pocket-knives for cutlery, and enjoyed a hearty meal, which was subsequently washed down with a " nip" from a bottle produced from amongst the bushes which formed Pat's mattress. After these important preliminaries had been despatched, we proceeded to discuss the terms of our partnership, and as I was only too willing to join with Pat, knowing him to be a sterling fellow, the matter was soon settled. By the time all was arranged the diggers feii de joie had commenced, and for an hour a continuous rattling fire from all sorts of arms was kept up, through the breaks in which occasional strains from a German band in the distance could be heard. Pat retired to bis tent, and for awhile I sat listening to the sounds, and watching the glimmering of the countless fires that dotted the valley and the hills. One by one they faded out, and all became quiet, excepting the baying of dogs and the occasional outburst of song -from some tipsy revellers! Sleepy at last I also retired, aud did not awake till aroused by my mate at early dawn. " Come,docther," said he, "turn out 1 The chops are ready, and it is almost time we were off." I at once aroused, and dipping my head in a bucket of water was soon engaged at my breakfast. As soon as we had got through the meal, Pat and myself started, he carrying a pick and shovel, and I a tindish. CHAPTER II. ON THE GOLD. Instead of going to the ground spoken of by Pat, we went off to a rash in a side gully, where we worked about for some time, acquiring knowledge, it is true, but very little gold. At last after a few weeks we got disgnsted, and commenced to walk about looking for a place to set m. • '. • One * morning, shortly before Christmas, we started, and we wandered about, up and down, occasionally stopping to chat with some one we knew, until near dinnertime. By this time had reached back to the second " Golden Point." We had noticed a good many miners trailing off over the ranges, but had thought very little of it, but now there seemed to be quite an excitement on. " Be jabers 1" said Pat, " I believe there's a rush on somewheres. Let's follow the crowd ?" And so we did, and after tramping about, a couple of miles we crossed a small range, and descending the gully came upon a scene of intense excitement. There were plenty of trees in the gully and on the sides of the ranges, but among the trees in the bottom the diggers were working thick as bees, and pick and shovel being plied with might and main. We hastened our footsteps, and soon found there was good cause for the rush. The sinking was very shallow, the bedrock not being more than three feet from the surface, and in every hole that had so far been bottomed, the gold was as thick as peas. A few glances sufficed to show us this, so we hurried down the gully to seek for a claim. We were too late, however— all the ground was marked out. Pat was disconsolate, and I felt mad; and Pat now regretted that wo had not set in to the piece of ground that he had been laid on to. However, there was no help for it now, so we strolled further on, and crossing another range came down into the valley of the Lodden. Here we sat down, and while having a quiet smoke a thought struck me. " Pat," I said, " there ought to be good g*ld higher up the river. What do you say if we try ? We can bring our tent and tools, and do a bit of prospecting. We might be lucky." " Faith, and its not sich a bad idea," answered Pat. " I'm in gineral a lucky boy. I remimber me losing a saveric onct, an* I couldn't find it; but, bedad, I found a purseful of the same yaller boys instead, and maybe since we can't get a bit of ground in yon rush, we may have a rush all to ourselves, I dunno." With that we made up our minds, and so quickly returned to our tents to make ready for our prospecting tour. . As it was nearly dark when we reached the creek, we could do but little that night but talk over the matter and arrange our course of proceedings. The result of our counsels was that we would sell one of the tents and as many things as we did not want, make a pack of the others, and load thein upon " Old Tom," Pat's horse, and Btart as soon as possible—leaving it to chance to direct our course, only determining to take our way up stream, for, as Pat said, " The gold is too heavy to run up stream, it must have come down, and maybe we may foind where the mother ov it all lays, I dunno." Indulging in such dreams we lay down to sleep, and awaking with the first peep of dawn we made our preparations. There being a great demand for tents and tools, from the diggers constantly arriving, we soon disposed of our surplus stock, and that for a good sum, and were enabled to lay iu as much provision as "Old Tom" could well carry. So with light hearts we started, and passed the rush that w.e had seen the previous day. Here, however, a wonderful change had taken place. If it was busy the night before it was ten times busier now. Indeed, the people seemed to have been up all night, and tents and stores and shanties were going up in all . directions. Smoke was ascending from numberless fires, and the crash of falling treeB was heard in all directions. The sun had been up for an hour when we arrived here, and all was busy. It was the commencement of the celebrated Fryer's Creek rush—celebrated not only for its vast yield of gold, but for its wickedness— for here all the scum of the .colonies seemed to congregate. As we passed a store we stopped and called in to provide ourselves with some tobacco, an article which we had forgotten in our hurried departure, and Pat could not resist the opportunity for a parting glass; for, said he, " Maybe we shall be so busy with the gold that we shan't.have toime to come for any of the cratur, and I don't want to forgit the taste of it entoirely." So a nobbier apiece we had of the fiery stuff, and for' which we paid five shillings. While we were drinking who Bhould come in but the Scotchman, from whom I had. bought my kit. " Eh, mate," said he, " and where ;be ye ganging the morn. Ha'e ye. comedo get some of the gold in this localitee ?" Well, from what had passed in my first communications with him I didn't care to be too explicit, so I said— " Yes, we're knocking around looking for a place to set in." " Ah ! my lad," he replied, " set in here. There is muckle gold in this ground. Set in here; I'll show you a bony spot for a camp near my ain tent?" " But I thought you were off. to Melbourne ?" I replied. " Eh, mon, that was my intent at first, but I ae altered my mind. There's too muckle gold hereabouts to leave such a bony spot." The man had two others with him, as ugly looking as himself. They addressed my acquaintance as " Scotty," and were flashily dressed, and with heavy golcT rings on their hands. I didn't like the look of them at all, and while they were taking their " morning," I nudged Pat, and we quietly slipped Out. When we had got down the gully apiece, I looked back, and was sorry to see Scotty outside the shantie looking after us. However, it could not be helped, and a turn in the road bringing a rise between us we were soon lost to sight, and I presently forgot all about " Scotty" in the consideration of the road. We reached the Lodden, and turning to the south were soon wending our way up the stream: Any one who remembers that river in those early days will recollect how romantically beautiful was the valley through Which it wandered, and how beautifully limpid were its waters-—here confined within steep banks with high precipieces of rock and occasional vietae of open vallies on either side, where tributary streams rolled in to swell its ever-flowing current. Well, to shorten : my story, we 6trolled on. that day, camped'at night by its waters, and again started on our travels in the morning. Nothing out of the ordinary way occurred. Occassionly we stepped at a spot that we thought" likely," and tried a few dishes of "surface" or from the bed of the stream, but though we could, get gold everywhere, we could find none in snch deposits as we wished. And so on we journeyed until the slanting rays of the sun coming through the trees and throwing chequered shadows on the ground warned us that it was time to choose a camp. When we had come to the conclusion that we would travel no more that day we had arrived at the mouth of a beautiful creek on the western side , of the Lodden. Its dean waters and the beauty of the valley through which it flowed was too tempting to resist; besides, there was abundance of rich kangaroo grass for " Old Tom/' and in addition we had obtained a good prospect of gold from the river sand, at its mouth. All these tokens were irrestible, and so travelling about half a mile up the valley we pitched our tent-for the: night. While I was busy, pitching the tent, Pat went down to the creek with the dish and a pick to " try his luck," as he said. By-and-bye, I heard him singing out in an excited manner and calling for me. I hurried down, and found Pat in a state of excitement, and when I saw the cause I was nearly as excited as himself. Pat had been trying a dish of of stuff, and he had at least two ounces of gold as the product. " Me boy," he said, " I tould yer so. We've found the mother of the gold. Now our. fortine's made, and we'll be : gintlemen !" . . The place where Pat had been trying ! was where the stream in its flood had denuded the bed rock -of the alluvium.' From under the overhanging bank^ and close to the rock, Pat had picked out the' dish full of stuff from which so handsome a prospect of gold had resulted. We at once set to work, and got out a few tnore dishes, and when the shadesofnightmadeit too dark for us to work any longer, we had at least a pound weight of the precious metaL We did not sleep much that, night, and were; astir again at early dawn , working like slaves. It was Christmas; Eve, and so i we determined to work hard that day, so that yre might rest on the- morrow— - the Christmas holiday. It Trould' lengthen out my tale too much feu describe ail our operations. Suffice it to say the further we shifted from/the; creek, the richer was the washdirt—-in fact, it was nearly all gold, and by .night • we bad enough to satisfy us, even if we; had no further prospects. So at night we ceased to work, being worth at least £1,500 per man. CHAPTER IIL AN EVENTFPL CHEISTtoAS: Christmas morning brokf dear/ calm^ . and beautiful; When I arose from my couch of leaves T found' Pat ha<S got the ! fire lighted, and was busy in. mixing the ! pudding, the ingredients for .which we ' had in-ought with" us. As -' soon as he : saw me he bustled towards me and said—- ' "' ' : '.*'- - " Well, dochter, it's time ye turned' out, fur the morning is besutiftil. I've been to see the ground," he continued, ' " but I've seen a footmark that I don't . like. It's on our headings, an", bedad, , it's not mine rior yours." "Why, Pat," I said, «whose else, could it be? You've not seen any one about?" " Divil a one of 'em" he answered ; , " he's kept out of Bight whoever bfe is.; but there's his mark, and I suppose now . we'll soon have a rush about us. I've. ' marked out a claim—they can't touch ' that." : - " Well, that's right, Pat," I answered; " we don't want more,'but we must look; . after bur gold, for there's sore to -b& a, ' lot of roughs about" 1 . V "Pll fix that," said Pat, jatjd ..witk" that he dug a little hole, and theiriying our gold in an old shirt' we buriedijp, drawing the earth over, andlightinga fire on'top. " • '•'"• " That'll fix 'em," said Pat, '* Fin riot afraid of losing thatnow." We 'lounged about during the. day without anything particular happening, only that once Pat, who ' hail been ,«.'. little way from the.tent, came back and., told me he believed he had seen a man . on the opposite range. When I said he . must be mistaken he declared he was . sure. " And by the same ; token," said' he, "he limped like the Scotch beggar ' yoa bought your tint of." I didn't, however, believe him/but thought it possible Pat had seen a , kangaroo hopping 1 quietly throuj^i the bushes; and at last hebelieredthe$ame > himself. Thus passed the morning ahd / part of the afternoon. As the evening , was drawing on Pat and myself went out for a stroll. Not further than die ' Opposite ratage, though, for we would not lose eight of our precious diggings, nor of Our tent, where our treasure was buried. The range Was well wooded, but the timber did not stand close enough to prevent our having a vista through which we could watch onr prbperty. On Teaching the summit the appearance of the country changed— low and thick bttshes were everywhere, . . and although, f^om our position we could : look over their tops, ire could see no ; distance among them. We sat down on a log to look over the scene, which ; certainly presented a dreary cbhtrast to " that behind us. Presently I was aware of a low noise,' - not far off, & of 'some one trying to sing i Scotch song. Looking in the direction' I perceived a : thin curl of smoke coming from among! *' the bushes. This starded me not a ,, little, iu a moment putting : two and '. two together, as the Baying' is,'! felt sure that Scotty-and his mates were encamped there. - Gently laying Tfty hand on Pat's arm 1 pointed to the" 'smoke, and then drew him rapidly away ' before he had time to titter an exclamation. We stole; cautiously down' the rise'till tfe reached our tent, never speaking a wori till we were within. Indeed, Pat said nothing until he had seized his pistols (of w&ich; each had a' pair) and had seen that they were properly loaded and capped. " Well, Pat," said I at last, " what * do you think?" "Think, bedad," he replied,."there's no thinking about i t — ' ' r there—wild bastes 1" - i • " What do you mean ?" I asked. "Why bushrangers, sum—^do yon think that any dacent Christian diggear would camp in snch & spot ? iook, .. here's a beautiful spot for*,camp, water ' and fade all convenient. No, no, the rascals are. hid there because they're afther ao good, and it's thim that's left their trades on wr claim." « Well, I think you're right, Pat/' I «aid. " II they had been diggers we should have haS a groat rash on by now : FEAT do TOO think the? know we're here?" <3tey do—and all about «s, too. They've t>een spying round— you Tftakt ®« aimlake, and perhaps theyVe listening roand, and «een «s baiy »flte gold." • The thought, was a T«J unpleasant <>tte, %Rt«tin it was likely. ! > What shall we do, Pat—cnt and Tun?" lasted. "Not now, by jabers," he replied, " yon would soon have holes in yonr b6dy. Look—look! by the powers," said he, pointing up the gully; " look, by hivens, if there iea't a petticoat, and «he's isnakeing along as if she didn't wish -to fee seen. I'll stop her bogtrottmg," and with that he rnshed to the tent and -fetched out his riSe, and pointed in the direction. By this time I .had made out that' the figure was indeed that of a woman, bnt at that moment it disappeared and we saw it no more. Pat was for at once making • to where we had last seen it, but at my persuasion he stopped, for I told him that -perhaps he might fall into an ambuscade, and be overpowered at once, " Better," I said, *' do as you advised, «top till dark, and then we shall have a better chance to make tracks. We can see what's going on here, but we don't know who is behind the bnshes." And so we passed the time. *Twas a poor Christmas evening, in spite of the gold we had gathered. We had been talking of what happiness we should enjoy when our claim was worked ont, sad how next Christmas would see us in the old country with our friends; and now—well, now we were too poor fellows frightened, not for our fortunes alone, bnt for our very lives. Just as it was getting dusk my eye canght the figure of Scotty on the opposite range. It was in sight bnt a moment, but that moment served to reveal to me his fignre, and to show me his limp. Yes; I was sure it was Scotty, and that there was no good intended for us. I may as " well here describe the position of our tent. In front and about fifty yards away was the creek, with a long mid deep waterhole extending to the west. By the side of this waterhole were our workings, and on the opposite side to the south was the range, from the top of which we had seen the mysterious tent. Immediately at the back *»f our tent was a precipice of rock, which, ~ indeed, partly flanked it on both sides. In addition to this the trunks of two mighty trees lay one on each side, their tops nearly dosing in front, so that onr tent lay in a small triangle—the base of. which was the precipice, "and the sides the fallen monarchs of the forest Had •we selected the position for defense it eoutd not have been better chosen. But our policy was not defence, for we conld sow see in the'thickening gloom the forms of at least eight men coming over the range. Our policy was flight—but flight that must be in the dark—but how? -' " I'll tell yer, dochter," said Pat," we must go on as if. we feared nothing; light the fire, boil the pot, and have the tay, tho', faix, I don't feel much like feeding. Faix, this is worse than the brush-we had over beyant, though," scratching his head thoughtfully, " thai was a near enough go for me,,if it had not been for you, my boy, I tell yer, dochter," "and here lie spoke with veheatfence, "'FH show /yer to-night that an irishman don't forgit a. froind!" We boiled our tea in silence, ancLas the night darkened we let our fire .die x»nt gradually.. At firs£_*he heavens •were clear, and the star^ sparkled out •brilliantly from their azure, bed. Bnt a wind came moaning through, the trees In grists, and the curlews whistled their mournful notes, like the death-ay of -one in agony, and by-and-bye eloud6 came and blotted out the stars., In a little while the wind rose with-: violeuce, and the moan became .a roar, mingled with the cracking of branches and the crashing of trees as they fell before its all-powerful might. It was a night of horror J To add to our misery blinding «how<£FS of jvm and hail /ell, and it was all that we coald do to keep our araraaaiition diy. If we had unshed the. :«hdter of . onr tent we conld not hare iad it long, for a blast that we had freard coming over the ranges, tearing aip Die mightiest trees in its course,, •suddenly whirled found the precipice, and our teat was blown -away in fragments 4»jit into the darkness. We managed to save pur blankets by throwing ourselves upon them, and holding ithem bodily down. During all this .commotion of the -elements we kept a -sharp .lookout, though an enemy ^xrald advance close tooiir bulwarks without lulls that occur in sunnaer storms, we -were startled Ay:-ia motd. ." Hist;!'* •seemed to be whispered in both our *ears. "Did joaspake, dochter?" " No," I replied, " did not you ?" " No, bedad, believe, the furies or the divils.^tre about." Just at that moment a little twig fell down on the coals of onr fire and blazed .up as thex«ord Hist!." again fell on our ears. . To look in the direction was the work of a. moment, and we beheld the white face, apparently, of a woman looking over ihe log, with her long hair floating in the wind, and one hand held up beseechingly. " Holy mother, preserve us," said Pat, as he Ml back panic-stricken, believing it was no mortal that he beheld. I, however, who had no superstitious fears darted forward, and seizing the hands drew the light figure of a women across into our enclosure. " Do not kill me," she said," I'am a woman, and I've come to save you 1 and then 6he fainted. " Pat," I said, " get the spirit flask ! for we had kept some in reserve in case of sickness. Pat, who had quickly recovered on seeing that the ghost had flesh and blood like himself, obeyed with alacrity, and we soon had the poor girl restored, for she was nothing more. "Oh, dear! what a dreadful night it has been 1" she exclaimed, " and I've been calling you this hour, and they'll be close at hand. Oh, don't let my father kill me—but I could not let you be murdered 1 They're coming, I know they are. I heard them say their signal would be the cry of an owl; and there —there—don't you hear it? They're coming down the range now." " Are they, by jabers?" said Pat, " thin we'll see what we can do for thim. Yon jist cover yourself with those blankets close to the rocks, and you'll be safe. We'll give the blaguaads a wilcome, thin." So saying he lifted her close to the rocks and into an angle, and covered her with the blankets, immediately returning to me. In the meantime, the storm had gradually abated, and the sky was now almost clear of clouds, and the stars peeped out as if determined to "give us a chance. Just then I rose from my stooping position to take a clearer view of the scene, when a ballet came whistling by, and flattened with a thud against the rocks. Taken by surprise I had hardly looked in the direction from which the shot had come, when auother from the opposite side caught my hat, and whirled it from my head. " Down, down," said Pat, forcibly pulling me to the ground; "down, or you're as dead as a herring. See, there they come over by our workings, bad cess to thim. Maybe HI give thim a bon jour, as the Frenchers say." With that he levelled his piece, and the flame shot forth, and was followed by a yell and a volley of oaths. " Oh, I'm hit j I'm done for! Curses oil the chiel that fired the shot On wi' ye, men; dinna stay speering or whitie whattieiug, but gang along and awa' to the tnlzie. Cnt—shoot—kill 3" With a yell they left, and six or seven in number rushed towards our enclosure. We both then fired, but in the uncer tain light missed our aims, and in auother moment should have been engaged in a fight that would have ended in our certain destruction, but a shout from the rise at the back of our tent arrested their attention, and in another moment the place was covered with diggers, shouting " Rash, ho!" and starting like madmen to mark out the ground and put in their pegs. Of course the fighting was at an end ; and so ended Christmas Day. Our enemies mixing with the crowd speedily disappeared, carrying with them the wounded body of Scotty. I. never saw him more. The footmark, after all, Was that of a. chance digger, and he . having tried the dirt in onr claim had not only fetched his mates, but a crowd of others whom he. had laid on. What became of the girl who had risked so much to save us? Oh! she's a squatter^ lady now, and her husband is a genial Irishman, .who is always addressed by his wife as Pat, THE END. THB FORCE OF STATISTICS.—" And is it really true that I shall recover ?" asked a patient of his doctor. " Infallibly," answered the man of medicine, taking from his pocket a paper full of figures, " Here, look at the statistics of your wise; you will find that one per cent, of those attacked with jour malady are cored." « Well," said the sick man in a dissatisfied manner. " Well, yon are the' hundredth person with this disease that I have had uiider my care and the first are all dead." ' HIBBHNIAN PARTNERSHIP.—There is ,a.«tory of two Irishmen who bought a Uttle barrel of whisky in partnership to trade with pn the Derby Day. - They agreed that neither should drink without paying. On the way one drank a glass and paid his partner 3cL The other then had a glas* and returned the 3d. They kept up this alternation until, when they reached the Down, the whisky was all gone, and they had honestly paid for oevery drink, and were bewildered to find that they had only 3d. between them. A TOUCH tit His OWN.—In the British navy, as doubtleek most people know, every one is very strong for Church and State. There is also a great prejudice among most of the old " salts" against Dis6entere of every description. On Sunday it is the regular thing to tell the men off for church. A short time ago one of the petty officers thus addressed .bis men :—" Reg'lars, stay where you har; fancy religions will fall I out." J 