THE CATHOLIC CHURCH THE ONLY HEALER OF SCHISM. BY PEUTETRE. [The last and most holy Scotsh schism—The Auchterarder cradle of the Free Church schism—Satan shocked at sin—The "claim- ant" Popes—Three Popes at once—Alexander V., John XXIII.—The great Council which healed the schism. ] TOWARDS the south-eastern side of Perth- shire, in the " Land o' Cakes," lies the village of Auchterarder. In this unsophisticated locality, and in the year of our Lord 1839, stood the Scotch Presbyterian Established "kirk." It was not a very extensive or imposing edifice, being built for the accommodation of a parish containing not more than 1850 inhabitants, who assembled there on Sundays to sing psalms in the slow, monotonous, nasal melody peculiar to the God-fearing choristers of that soon-to-be enowned region. Auchterarder, in Perthshire, had the luck, good or bad, of giving rise to a most extraordinary Scotch Kirk schism, which has lasted 40 years, and, in spite of some mutterings about reconcilia- tion, is likely to last 40 years longer. This pious and edifying schism arose in this ay. In A.D. 1839, the year of the great storm, the living of Auchterarder fell vacant. The patron or laird, who had erected or endowed the church, having, as he believed, the legal right to do so, "presented" a new minister of his own mere motion, consulting nobody: certainly not the 400 and odd adult residents in the parish. Now, it so happened that these 400 and odd parishioners had got it into their heads that the election of minister rested with them, either alternately with the patron, or co-ordinately with him ; I forget exactly how it was, but I think this was the casus belli which so soon and so furiously broke out. But the patron said the sole power of appointment lay with him, The parishioners said No. The patron said Yes. The parishioners protested. The laird persisted. The parishioners got "rusty." The patron became defiant. A very nice little, but of course truly scriptural, dispute suddenly flared up in the unco guid and most holy Scotch parish of Auchterarder, just as if it had been a dark benighted district of Popish Anagni or Lucca. Perhaps, O esteemed reader, you will not credit such a statement, and may say that no misunderstandings, no strifes, no quarrels, no breaches of brotherly love, no interruption of "Church fellowship," could ever occur in a super- sanctified Scotch Presbyterian, Prince of Orange Established, Calvinistical " Kirk." Ah, my esteemed, Milton records it as a sorrowful poetic fact that Lucifer got into the Garden of Eden in the disguise of a toad; and, alas ! the toad got into the blooming flower-land of Auchterarder, unsophisticated as it was, and a second Eden in the paradisaic parts of Perthshire. And when the toad got in, he really played the very d__l in the place. The new minister had promises made to him of being stoned with the best Perthshire road metal. The patron was advised to get his coffin ready, and was as unpopular with all the old wives in Auchterarder as 'Laudnrdale. No "divine service" would be listened to in the desecrated kirk by the gospel-loving gillies of that ilk, no more than if it had been put under an interdict by a blind Popish Pope. The excitement spread to the adjacent hamlets. Every week the dispute—Schism—grew more hot, and at last it was carried into the Scotch lawcourts, just as if it had been a vulgar Papist scrimmage over an eviction "outrage." As the toad would have it, the lower court of Scotch law gave decision against the enraged parishioners, who, strange to say, became thereupon more infuriated than before, just as a lot of Papists might be, and, after nursing their wrath to keep it warm, the parishioners put all their spare bawbees together and appealed to the higher lawcourt at Edinburgh; and again, by the backstair influence of the toad, the higher courts of Scotland gave judgment in favour of the patron and his imp, the new minister. Then rose from earth to sky a shriek of baffled rage. The anti-patronage hatred spread. The Fiery Cross was lit, and, ere long, it burned on every mountain-top, from Ben North to Ben South, and Ben East and Ben West, and all Caledonia dear was in a blaze of virtuous frenzy. '"No Erastianism: rang from Caithness to the Cheviots; "No State domination over the Church " was the re-echoed chorus heard in every valley, glen, and grove (Kelvin inoluded), exactly as if the Roman Pontiffs' "bulls" against the tyrant Othos and Henrys of Germany had oome to life again, and were bellowing up and down the whole Cake country. The State had no right to appoint clerics by force of State law. The Auchterarder people would have ministers freely elected, just as the Roman people would have their bishop and Pope elected without, dictation from French king or Teuton emperor. The civil magistrate (king or queen, that is) had no supremacy over the Church, for the Church ruled, and regulated, and governed herself by divine right. So the toad, of course, put it into the months of these Perthshire Presbyterian Papists to say, and they said it, and they sung it, and they swore it lustily, though the Anglican protesters on the wrong side of the Tweed sung and swore and said the sovereign, as Supreme Head on earth of a national Church, could appoint, all clerics if he would, especially Bishops and archbishops. The Auohterarder "schism" had now (A.D.1841-2) become like a foaming Solway tide, which covered all Scotland with its foaming billows. The Established Presbyterian Kirk had been defiled. Every pious son of Knox, and every Scotch believer in the Toad must come out of her. But, before flitting finally out of the family mansion, it was resolved to try another appeal. But this time the Scotch Presbyterian nobility as well as the commonalty, Argyles, Aberdeens, and others, found the sinews of war, not in punds Scotch, but in sterling coin, and the Auchterarder Schism case was carried before the House of Lords in London. The interest in the Schism was now at fever heat. The betting became tremendous. None but esteemed readers who lived in those stirring times can have any adequate conception of the intense cerebral commotion which prevailed in Scotch circles over this appeal. The Perthshire villagers were sanguine of success; but, woe is me ! the Toad and the patron won another infernal victory ; and the Auchterarder peasants sat down by their ingle nooks in mourning and lamentation. The English House of Lords decided that Mr. Johnstone, or Mr. Clay, or Mr. Potter, or whoever the patron was, had the right of presentation, and the new minister was declared the lawful pastor of the now celebrated Perth parish and its 1850 souls, young and old. The heart of all Scotland was struck. One-half of the Presbyterian population forthwith marched out of the Established Scotch Church, and have never since returned to it. The Auchterarder Schismatics subscribed some hundreds of thousands of pounds and built Schismatical churches in every parish in Scotland, over which the State or the Civil Magistrate should have no authority: and the Schism appointed its own ministers, and despised the flimsy distinctions drawn by the House of Lords anent parishes, and things Sacra and Quoad Sacra, and thus created an awful Calvinistical Scotch Schism in the Church of Scotland, and set up that Schism in a frame of its own, and called it THE FREE CHUCH of Scotland, which still continues, though whispers are mysteriously borne on the air that its celebrity, having become somewhat faded, a return of the Schismatics to the Established Kirk is basely desired by some on both sides. Meanwhile, the great majority of the ministers of the "Erastian " establishment stick, as they stuck from the first, to the old Erastian Kirk and to the Toad, and to the manses, and to the yearly established stipends, for which they merit all due praise as men of sense; for they get, or have heretofore got, the full money, and have had only half the former number of souls to cure for it. Thus for 40 long re- volving years has the Protestant, Presby- terian, Scotch, reformed, law-established Church been torn in two, rent asunder, severed, divided, and scandalised and distracted by a standing Schism; aloof they stand from each other, mutually rejecting each other's ministrations, mutually refusing ecclesiastical recognition and communion, ever since the Auchterarder patronage case set their hands to tear each other's eyes. The Free Church " girns" at the Established Mother Church as Erastian, State enslaved, and patron-ridden, and "Auld Mither" sneers at the Free Church as a cave or den of Schismatics. No tongue or pen can ever tell what family discords, what domestic broils, what social earthquakes attended that still unhealed Scotch Schism. Fathers and sons took opposite sides, mothers and daughters pulled in contrary directions, brothers and sisters anathematised each other's errors. The dignity and authority of the "General Assembly," the grand, the yearly Ecumenical Council of the Established Genevan Scotch Church, itself only a successful schism in a previous schism, the episcopal Scotch Church, which episcopal schism was a sect cut off from and by the Catholic Church, once the occupant of all Scottish land. The "Moderator" (the true pope) of the General Assembly, was defied and set at naught by one-half of the Scotch nation. The ancient rule was violated, friendships destroyed, hatreds fomented, angry factions formed, charity forgotten in the Auchterarder fray, just as if these godly Scots, whom Bruce had often led, were only an unruly herd of Catholic Avignonites rushing on to gore the adherents of the true Pope. All this time (1840-1-2-3) the Scotch press poured out continuous volleys of bellicose articles, replies, tracts, letters, pamphlets, until every city wynd and every Highland glen rang with the war-cries of the two antagonist armies. "Be not Schismatics by mistake" Be not martyrs through a blunder," and such like, were titles of the exasperating printed sarcasms discharged by the Kirk sharpshooters, returned by others equally galling from the deserters. The firing on both sides has long since ceased, but the Schism has settled down into chronic secession—two armed camps, which can never be reconciled without the most disgraceful surrender of "principle." SATAB SHOCKED AT SIN. And now, O esteemed reader, it is time to say that among all the Schismatical brawlers who take their degree at Exeter Hall, in the Strand, London, there are none who bellow more loudly about the "Schisms" of the Catholic Church than these Scotch Schismatics. And this they do with such a pharisee face that no hypocrisy can come up to it, except that of their Schismatical chief and father when he puts on his gown and bands to proach against the sin of Schism. You will hear them groan that holy, canting, covenanting groan of theirs, compounded of the whine of a crocodile and the grunt of a hog; and then sanctimoniously dilate upon the false claims of the Catholic Church to unity, when one Pope may be found contradicting another Pope, and one Council condemning another Council, and one infallible head excommunicating another infallible head, and two or three Supreme Pontiffs at one and the same time claiming to be sole pastor of the Catholic flock. And having thus grunted and groaned, these Scotch generations of viperous Schismatics suppose they have justified their own incurable Schisms. This — owing, perhaps, to his Scotch blood — was the pitiful absurdity into which Mr. Gladstone stumbled in his pamphlet, "Vaticanism." He said that Pope Pius IX. contradicted Pope Martin V The truth is, that Mr. Gladstone was not at all well up in his history of the Council of Constance, and did not know what Pope Martin V. said or did. Now, on matters of Christian faith and Christian morals, it is enough to say that no Pope or Council ever contradicted any other Pope or Council; and mere matters of discipline, or or of secular policy, being constantly fluctuating in their requirements, maybe modified, or reversed as circumstances demand. Nor is this any contradiction. In winter we put on topcoats, and muffle ourselves against rain, cold, and wind. In summer we lay aside our surtouts and pilot cloths. Is this a "contradiction?" The weather has changed. That is all. We adapt our dress to the weather. "THE CLAIMANT" POPE." The whole world has not yet quite forgotten the young, fat butcher, Arthur Orton, of Wapping, who went home from Wagga Wagga to claim the Tichborne estates. His claim ended in getting him 14years' imprisonment. This rascal and robber was no Tichborne. He said he was, and he found only too many people to support his imposture. He had no legal or equitable claim to the Tichborne estates, nor to the title of Sir Roger. He was a false claimant. And when Scotch Schismatics speak of one Pope condemning or excommunicating another Pope, they only mean that the true Pope for the time being did his duty, and publicly branded some false impostor, anti-Pope, and warned all Catholics to avoid him. This was the true Pope's duty. The rival false Pope would, of course, do as an impostor would be necessitated to do, and insolently censure the true Pope and give him all the annoyance he could. But there was no contradiction here. It was not true Pope against true Pope, but true Pope defending his rights and dignity against a false claimant who was no Pope. Arthur Orton, the Wagga Wagga butcher, having taken up a false position, was necessitated to act, and write, and speechify as if he was the real owner of the Tichborne property. He gave the lawful heir and executors great trouble, and put them to £40,000 expense, in exposing the imposture and defending themselves against an iniquitous attack ; and this, as an illustration, will serve as a confutation of all schismatical scoffs and lies about Pope being against Pope. No such thing ever occurred. The assertion is as malicious as it is mendacious. THREE "POPES" IN 1409. There is one essential difference between a schism in the Church of Christ and the odious squabbles among schismatics and heretics outside. The Church of God, in a case of schism, directs all her energies towards the speediest healing of the schism, and she never ceases her efforts until the wound is healed. The wretched sects outside fall out and fight, and divide into sub- sects, but never come together again, and can never heal their "schisms" and restore peace, unity, and communion. The law of schismatic physiology is, "Once in schism, ever in schism." Schismatics lose even the desire for reunion, and at last come to believe that schism is the normal condition of Christianity, and so glory in their shameful degradation; while all the time the Holy Ghost is declaring to them that there should be "no schism in the Church, which is Christ's body." . . . When Gregory XII. was agreed upon by the cardinals as their choice, in A.D. 1406, they exacted from him a promise that he would resign the pontificate when called on to do so, if such a step should seem necessary for the healing of the schism. It will be seen from this stipulation of the cardinals how sincerely they sought the welfare of the Church, always longing for it, and, unlike schismatics, doing something to obtain it. From 1407 to 1409 events took place in the political sphere which appeared to render the fulfilment of Gregory's promise expedient, and he was reminded of his engagement. Gregory would seem to have complied with the request of the cardinals, though afterwards he said that his consent was conditional upon the simultaneous resignation by the false or anti-Pope, who called himself Benedict XIII., and the laying aside all that schismatic's pretensions. On this understanding, Gregory consented to the convening of a Council, which accordingly was summoned, and opened March 26, 1409, though Gregory seems to have changed his mind about resigning, as it was probable he would not be re-elected. THE COUNCIL OF PISA was attended by 22 cardinals of both parties' 2 patriarchs, 180 bishops, and about 600 abbots, heads of colleges, and theologians. Ambassadors were also present from the Kings of England, France, Portugal, Poland, Cyprus, Bohemia, and from the Emperor Rupert, though he subsequently withdrew his ambassadors. On June 6 the Council declared the Papal throne vacant, as the assembly held Gregory to his engagement, and in Session XIX., June 26, the cardinals elected ALEXANDER V., A.D. 1409, Cardinal Archbishop of Milan, to the ponti- ficate. His name was Peter Philargus, and he was a native of the Island of Candia, and had been sent to Oxford, in England, to study, and thence to Paris, where he gained an extraordinary reputation for his eminent abilities and acquirements. From Paris he went to Pavia, where the Duke of Milan treated him with great distinction, and he soon became Bishop of Vincenza, and then Archbishop of Milan, and Cardinal in 1405. He was highly respected both by the schismatics and the loyalists. But now Gregory entered his protest against the action of the Council, because the false Pope, Cardinal De Luna, would not submit and retire from his "bad pre- eminence." The consequence was that, as Gregory XII. retracted his promise, and held to the pontificate, there were now three Popes, or pretending Popes, two of whom must be false or anti-Popes, and the schism, which was expected to be healed, now became more schismatical than ever. The death of the Emperor Rupert, however, discouraged Gregory, and Sigismund, King of Poland, being elected in his stead, a change ensued. Several princes sent ambassadors to Gregory, entreating him to yield to the general wish, and relinquish the tiara. In this posture of affairs, Alexander V. died at Bologna, in his 70th year, after a brief reign of ten months. An urgent call was now made from all parts of Europe, demanding a cessation of the schism, of which the whole Catholic world, Cardinal De Luna and his few abettors excepted, were weary. Unlike modern Protestants in respect to their schisms, of which, rather, they are proud. Gregory's ambidextrous policy had alienated and offended his best friends, but as he was sincere in his love of the Church's peace, he raised no further opposition to the proposal of the new Emperor Sigismund for another Council, for which his Imperial Majesty considered the city of Constance to be a suitable locality. Meantime, and 13 days after the death of Pope Alexander V., the cardinals, still holding Gregory to his promise to resign, and regarding the Papal chair as vacant on the death of Alexander, proceeded to elect a successor to the deceased Pontiff. Their choice fell upon Cardinal Balthazar Cossa, a Neapolitan, son of the Count of Procida, who was looked upon as one of the first statesmen in the Electoral College. He would seem to have been too much devoted to secular politics for an ecclesiastic. He was arbitrary in his government of Bolonga as Papal legate under Gregory XII., who removed him from the roll of cardinals, but he was restored by Alexander V., and, when elected Pope, he took the name of JOHN XXIII., A.D. 1410, who also, as Gregory had done, bound himself, at his election, to resign the popedom if the peace of the Church could thereby be attained. John was fond of power, and had no strong desire to do anything which might deprive him of it. He did not wish to go to Constance, nor to convoke a Council, lest he might lose the exalted office he held. If the cardinals could summon a Council, it is possible they would have done so ; but only the Pope, or the Emperor, with the Pope's consent, could call an Ecumenical Council. After considerable delay, and if not with Gregory's co-operation, not against his consent, the famous 16TH GENERAL COUNCIL met at Constance, November 5, 1414. Mr. Cranmer, if alive on the earth, might say that Constance was one of the Councils which "erred," because its sole object was to heal a schism: a sacred Christian duty, which the Cranmer sect can never either attempt or accomplish, and which never can be accomplished by any association of schismatics, but only by the Catholic Church. And if it will give Mr. Cranmer's soul any consolation in the place where it now is, it is to be hoped he knows that the Council of Constance was "not called together without the will of princes." It was called together with the very good will of every king, in Europe, several of whom were present, and all sent their ambassadors. It consisted of 29 cardinals, 4 patriarchs, 300 bishops, 600 abbots and heads of orders, and a multitude of other divines and theologians. The Emperor was there with the Empress. Pope John XXIII. came with a large retinue, and so intense was the interest this remarkable parliament of the Church exoited, that it drew together from all parts of Europe between 30,000 and 40,000 of the first nobility and scholars in the respective kingdoms of the Holy Roman Empire, including ambassadors from the mperor of Constantinople and the patriarch of that city. August 1, 1881. 