TURF GOSSIP. By Augur. Thursday next will be a busy day at the V.R.C. secretariat, as the entries for the V.R.C. Spring Meeting close at 4 p.m., and .with bo many horees in training, and such a large number from the adjoining colonies, there is bound to be a liberal response from owners. The events that have not yet closed are numerous, and include the Melbourne Stakes, Hotham Handicap, Essendon Stakes, Coburg Stakes, Maiden Plate, Railway Stakes, Kensington Stakes, Darling Stakes, Yan Yean Stakes, Hurdle Race, Royal-park Stakes, Flying Stakes, Spring Handicap, Veteran Stakes, Flemington Stakes, V.R.C. Handi cap, Steeplechase, Canterbury Plate, and Free Handicap. In this multitude of prizes there is not one under 100 sovs. There should be some rare sport in the weight-for-age races, for which the following animals, amongst others, will in all probability con tend Progress, Wellington, Sweetmeat, Sir Modred, SomnuB, Wheatear, Somerset, Dare bin, The Duke, Spinningdale, Royal Maid, Sardonyx, Monmouth, ana Koh-i-noor. There is nothing among the lot that stands out from the others, and therefore the contests for such events as the Melbourne Stakes, Flying Stakes, and Royal-park Stakes Bhould be particularly interesting. Among those eligible for the Maiden Plate we have Gudarz, Coriolanus, Pell Mell, Doncaster, Tourma line, Greyhound, Santa Claus, Sunbeam. Commotion, The Cockney, Verdure, and Imogene, and the youngsters that are two years old will provide some grand sport for the thousands that will assemble at Fleming ton during the carnival of the V.R.C. The Melbourne Hunt Club meeting was moderately successful, the best race of the day being tbat which was suggested by Mr. A. Miller, the Flying Stakes, for two year olds, for which 18 came to the post Black Prince won the Hurdle Race easily enough, and this useful son of Prince William must now rank in the second class. I thought a freat deal of another GippBlander named Don 'edro, who performed in excellent style for a novice, and if he does not Borne day rank near the top of the tree I shall be surprised. Rhesus was clearly outpaced at the finish, and Young Alfred, who was once reported to be a really good one, was a bad last, notwithstanding that young Jellett rode him vigorously nearly all the way. It was a great pity that such an absurd mistake occurred in the Hunt Club Cup, albeit the second contest was far more interesting tban the first I was glad to see Mr. L. A Clarke, the eldest son of Mr. Joseph Clarke, performing over a steeplechase country, and though he did not get near the first two, he shaped well enough in his dttbut to satisfy everybody that ne would some day rank among the best of the amateurs. I hope at some future time to see him following the example of his uncle, the late Mr. T. B. Clarke, who kept and hunted the Quorn pack at his own expense in Tasmania. When the stewards determined that the race would have to be run over again, there was con siderable discussion aB to how bets would go, but as several members of the Victorian Club committee were present they at once held a meeting and decided that the ordinary rule should be observed. In the Becond venture Mr. Inglis made plenty of use of Nim book, and at the finish Young Deceiver gradually wore him down and defeated him, so that the handsome gold-mounted claret jug was presented to Mr. Shaw instead of Mr. Inglis. It is said that even had Mr. Inglis come in first, he would not have got the prize, as his horse had been hunted only four instead of five times during the season, the conditions of the race having been altered so as to make it compulsory for competitors to have been hunted at least five times. The Corinthian Flat Race introduced us to a very Btnart horse in Pirate, a well knit son of Horatio, who had his opponents in difficulties all the way. The result of the Handicap Flat Race surprised most people, but it only proved what I have often asserted, that when Napper Tandy is fit and in the humour he is a racehorse. In this race he fairly romped in, and nobody seemed more surprised than his owner and his trainer, both of whom had regarded bis chance as almost a hopeless one, because he had not been showing good gallops in private. The GhoBt beat all the Flemington-trained lot, and ran up to hiB trial, but he was no match for the brilliant son of Maribyrnong. Cantata ran forward, and so did Chatterer and Josephine for over half the distance. Among the competitors was a very fine horse named Trout, and I thought Ween and Greyhound looked remarkably well. Euchre, who is full brother to Trumpeter, won the Steeplechase without much of an effort, and it is quite certain that he is a first-class fencer. Actress went straight and well, but the Ballarat horse beat her very easily. I was glad to see the gentleman who races under the turn de course of " Mr. J. G. Reid" pick up a small crumb of comfort in the Selling Stakes. To me the most interesting race of the day was the Flying StakeB, which brought no less than 18 youngsters to the pOBt for a £30 prize. The result proved that there is some virtue in time teBts, for the first three were those that had accomplished the fastest half-miles on the training-grounds, and had not LeBbia stopped at the tan she might have made a closer thingof it with Royal George and Tangle. I thought Mr. Whittingham'e colt answered very gamely when Murphy called upon him for a final effort, and if he can Btay the extra furlong he must give a good account of him self in the Maribyrno'ng Plate. Tangle is a 1 fine filly, and among the remainder I liked nothing bo well as Sir Charles. The electric bell to announce each start could not have been in order, for upon two or three occasions it did not Bound, and many of those in the paddock did not see the race at all. Nor did the clock work well, but thiB was owing to the presence of some ante in the woodwork, and not to any disarrangement of the in strument. 1 * Mr. A. R. Inglis purchased Pirate after he won the M.H.C. Corinthian Race.' He gave a good price for him, with a further contin gency of £100 if he wins the Caulfield Cup. The horsp will remain in Foulsham's stable. Some dissatisfaction wasexpresBedon Satur day last at the judge riot placing third horses in the first race for the Httnt Club Cup, and the Flying Stakes. If I mistake not, the judge left the box before the third horse passed the post in the former contest, which he ebould not have done, hot in the other event there was ho excuse for him, as Lesbia was clearly.; third, andaea number of her friends backed her for a place, they were very wroth when tbey discovered -that hhe bad hot only been .j unplaced by the judge'* but that they had lost their money* "n *> •: + *•■■» <>- -*'• • ' After the late M.H.C.. meet tag, some sur prise was experienced by memoers of the V.R.C. that a number of cabmen with their cabs were alio wea to oongregate inBide the upper entranoogate .,pf, the V.R.C., and partially block upthe roadway. U » tone boped that steps will be taken to prevent a repetition at the spring meeting. .; . L Mr, John Maypiptenflj tft.gciotew wjfh.l the Australian Jockey Club, and h& appealed to the Supreme Court of New South Wales against the disqualification inflicted. On Monday last he filed a statement of his claim against the club. He prays for an injunction i,n® decision of the committee of tp6 club null and void, and restraining the club from giving effect to it. The thoroughbred horseB that were sub mitted to auction by Mr. Yuille on Tuesday, at Caulfield, did not change handB. For Liberator the highest bid was 140 guineas, Creme de Bouzy went to 400 guineas, Dongal ston to 300 guineas, and Haidee of the Hills to 150 guineas, but they were all passed in unsold. Sea King was knocked down to Mr. Warren at 160 guineas, but Japan and otheys did not elicit a bid, and aB Mr. L. -L. Smith's training stableB,&c.;,did not reach the reserve they were withdrawn. Some time ago I referred to the plans in preparation for widening and improving the Rand wick courBe. They have been finished, and the Sydney Mail Btates that it is proposed to widen the Btraight running from the Derby turn 20ft., affd thence to a point between the mile and seven-furlong posts 40ft. The train ing track will also be considerably improved. It iB some years ago Bince I urged the neces sity for widening the A.J.C. course, and it is gratifying to find that the committee has at last decided to carry out Mr. Clibborn's plans. The match between The Assyrian and Totalisator took place on Saturday last, and was won easily by the former. Two good horses have been withdrawn from the Cup. They are Darriwell and Pro greBB, the former a winner of the great spring event, and the latter Becond to Grand Flaneur last year. Darriwell, I regret to say, has been withdrawn in consequence of having gone wrong. Everybody must regret to see a good animal drop out of such an event as the Melbourne Cup, especially when it belongs to so spirited a colonist as Sir Thomas Elder. Mr. Dakin has not had much luck with the good old sou of Tim Whilfler since he won the Cup with him; nor haB fortune favoured him with his other charges, for Borne of his best two year olds are in Queer • street. Progress, I am glad to say, is all right, and was only with drawn because Mr. Wilson considered he had one, if not two, better in the stable. Not withstanding his weight, a great many people believed in him and backed him. " Trumpator," in the Adelaide Observer, Btates that the total amount expended on the Morphetville course since the S.A.J.C. took poBseBBion is £6,44419s. Id., and during the last six months the club has made a net profit of £791 8s. 6d. on the totalisator. The Adelaide Racing Club has, I believe, cleared nearly £2,000 by the instrument, and these two sumB will go a great way towards increas ing stakes at the respective meetings of the above clubs. In the telegram of the Murrumbidgee Turf Club weights two or three mistakes occurred. Martindale's weight in the Wagga Cup should have been 8st. instead of 8st lib., and in the Grand Stand Handicap Trump Yosb's weight should have been 8st. 71b. instead of 9st. 71b., and Master Avenel's 8st. 51b. instead of 9st. 51b. Phantom has been scratched for the Wagga Cup and the Grand Stand Handicap. The four mares and two foals brought out by Mr. E. Day for the Auckland Stud Com pany have arrived Bafely at their destination. W. Yeomans arrived at Flemington on Tuesday, and brought with him his two year-old colt Cetewayo. When this youngster was sold as a yearling I thought him one of the grandest colts 1 ever Baw, and I've no reason to alter my opinion. He did not, how ever, seem to like the training-ground, as he broke out into a sweat when he saw the horseB galloping. A meeting of the V.R.C. will take place on the 27th inst., when the following proposi tions will be made1. " That an Official Rating Calendar be published monthly by the V.R.C. 2. That the committee submit the fol lowing new rule to a special general meeting, to be called for the purpose of considering the same, before the ensuing spring meeting. Rule'The rules of the V.R.C. shall apply to all meetings held under the control of the V.R.C., or advertised in the Official Racing Calendar, to be held subject to the V.R.C. rules. If a horse run at any meeting in Vic toria which is not so advertised, or where the said rules Bhall not be in force, he is per petually disqualified from running upon the Flemington course. The committee of the V.R.C, may, at their discretion, prohibit the advertisement of any meeting in the Official Racing Calendar. 3. That no race shall be run upon the Flemington racecourse to which less than £50 is added." On Thursday next the Victoria Amateur Turf Club will inaugurate its first important Bpring meeting, and as a splendid programme has been submitted to the public, and racing men have responded liberally, there Bhould be some sport of a very high character. The Commissioner of Railways has granted a con cession which will be appreciated by all of our country cousins, return tickets at ex cursion fares being available at all stations, from Wednesday until Monday, which will enable the country visitors to see both days' racing, and transact whatever business they may have to do in the city. The Foal Stakes, Caulfield Guineas, and Caulfield Cup,- which are the principal events of the meeting, have been discussed by me in another column, but 1 must here say something of the handicaps which Mr. Barnard published on Monday. Mr. Barnard has commenced the Hurdle Race upon a rather low scale, and if Handy Andy be himself will take a deal of beating at list. 51b. President is not well in at Hei hui Ki-\» of Aer ate both v.- : H< uti-ibe;-' • to impro'-c- < •• s.iy day, he tun- wn- -■ i il>. - - basaf-t o1 ;b? s'v-.>. r.s n> l.a ' a; • law •• • • bury, vl.r-i Si." sr.-pel to badly as i > • theide. :.-at it noier haveeul.u ■■ : beddiv >» of '.ho sul-.le- and ■■<i water .ask. Of the others iV,vr;i ■ Black Bport-saian. and U.-.v • b seem « > lo btrl it*,- ar.d 1 think »--v ■' Dhobkjm u; o; Sr-'.KTss'AN will v!i:. best V*- ! liighlin's sla very dunjuct.s For trie St-.v, Twili.-3.hf heads the Fetfi with I2st. 7 b' ~ as it ie. not :i -icn brilliant field this crush i.)i: nvb'iit or so brilliant an nor coiikl luiti pv.i hive had •' is we)' in at l.M. 8-b., bu;. he r myatr.;-! >iu »<>;. A;.»x should h list. lib.. ;r Mr-, Ofim-ide dot. him fi • the Findon Farriers' Cc Gazelle, are both mares, fenced so well mid ehowvl so ir week iliat he luiiFi he reevone dangtrous division, belo-v i0e PoBtwkster and Manuei do r.u leniently treated cm their lust Se ding, but Sit- Barnard pro! that they tuay improve next. Fiebf Lo\>j and A the best of the light weigl baps one of these two will w: peering to the best of the. o heads ibe list fot tho t'oririthii'-. but I think he wili find 1. ; ^ -'HlIiASiOL'B «r ROBBIK lb. HNS. v ■ tj.-,. ■Choice if be is on his best be!, ■ Lv! 7 -:.i, Toorak Handicap, of a mile, will provfe a moBt interesting affair, as it will doubtless attract a large field. Upon his Melbourne running, Woodlands, witn 9st. 91b., should hold Respite safe enough. Napper Tandy won so easily with 8st. 91b. on Saturday that 71b. extra is not an ounce too much for Urn. I like Hilarious at 8st. 111b., Gipsy Coooer 8st 101b., Bar One7st. 101b., Tourmaline 7st. 61b., The Ghost 7st. 81b., Brian Boru 7st. 71b., Saunterer 7st. 31b., Cantala Ost. 131b., Ween 8st. 12lb., and Josephine 6st 101b., and pro bably Josephine, The Ghost, or Cantala will win. For the Findon Harriers' Cup Ajax heads the list with 14st. 51b., and even with this impost I should fancy his chance if he were a starter ; but as he may not be, I expect to see Nimbook, Stphon, or Yendon -victorious. The racing will commence on each day at half- past 1. r , . .. The right to dispense refreshments at the forthcoming meeting of the V.A.T.C. will i be disposed "of by public auction on Mon day next at Kirk's Bazaar. Mr. Bond haB made two bars in the saddling paddock, and they will be Bold separately. As Thursday next, the first day of the V.A.T.C. meeting, is also the day of general entry for the Victoria Racing Club spring meeting, I have been asked to request owners of horseB to make their entries on Wednes day, or aB daily as possible on Thursday morning. Mr. R. J. Hunter, who has lately returned from India, intends to send his two fine im ported mares, Capella and Bridesmaid, to Maribyrnong, and I don't think he could have selected a more suitable horse for these 1 highly-bred dames. Last year they visited Angler, to whom they have yearlings, and they would have gone to this fine old son of Fisherman again, but that his present owner has determined to reserve him solely for his own mares. The other celebrated descendant of the Heron horee was, therefore, chosen. Capella is by StockwelTs famous son Asteroid from Arapeile, by Beadsman. Here we have a grand pedigree, as the sire was the em peror of stallionB, and the dam a full sister to the English Leger winner Pero Gomez. When she left England for India Bhe was in foal to Saunterer, to whom she had a colt foal, afterwards named Vagrant, and he has won j several races in India. Bridesmaid waB one of the fasteBt animals ever seen in India, whither she waB imported from England. This is a very fine mare, and a nicely-bred one, too, for she is by Cramond from Linnet, by Kingston or Turnus from Rachel, by Flatcatcher from sister to the Baron (sire of Stockwell). The harem of Mr. Town's old favourite will be still further improved by the presence of such aristocratic houris. At the same time it is to be regretted that Mr. Hunter has determined to send them to New Sonth Wales, yet as Angler was not available, and he was desirous of putting them to a son of Fisherman, he has, I repeat, acted wisely in choosing Maribyrnong aB their future sultan. The drawing for the Woodlands stud dis tribution took place last week in Hobart. Less than 2J000 shares were sold, so Mr. Page determined to take the remainder himself, and risk the chance of obtain ing some of the prizes. He was fortunate enough to secure 20 of the 31 prizes, and among this number was Horatio. Mr. W. Andrews, of Tasmania, drew ElBinore, and three prizes came to Victoria, Mr. W. John , ston, of Camperdown, securing a nicely-bred youngster in a yearling colt by Horatio from Erlana, by Ringleader from Vin Ordinaire, by Ace of Clubs from Sour Grapes. Mr. Page will keep Horatio and six or seven mares, and sell the remainder. He has done a deal to improve the thoroughbred stock of Tas mania, but he has not received much sup port from his countrymen. However, now they have seen that the first of the Horatio Btock (Pirate) that ever ran in Victoria won in a canter, they may begin to have a better opinion of the descendants of the once brilliant son of Maribyrnong and Rose of Denmark. I Mr. F. Wentworth has purchased the New South Wales horse Saunterer, and this use ful old son of Bylong will prove a very excel lent schoolmaster for his Derby colt Sardonyx and Waxy. The visitors have commenced to arrive, and among those already here are Mr. Edward Lee and Mr. Melhado. At the Cranbourne ehow the prize for the best hunter was won by Ingleside, by King John, who was well ridden by Master God frey Wateon, a real" chip of the old block." A dog-house for the reception of stray curs that may viBit Flemington course has been erected near the Saltwater River. A dose of strychnine or a charge of small shot would prove more efficacious, for when owners of dogs know that there is a place of security for their curs,it, will only encourage them to take them to tro course. While driving to Flemington to witness the Hnnt Club meeting, I could not help de i ploring the disgraceful state of the Fleming | ton-road. It is high time the authorities made thewhole width of the road from the H&y; i market to the Flemington-bridge. If this were attended to, and planted with trees, and the railway bridge widened, the- drive ;to Flemington might be a pleasant one, but at present it is a disgrace to -the city. Thefirstforfeitfor theMaribymong Plate Was dne on Monday last, when of the 135 nomina tions 86 were struck oat, leaving 49 still in the list. Very few of the backed ones have been struck out Sir T. Elder still has three left in, and so have the Hon. J. White and Mr. De Mestre, while the St. Albans stable* Mr. R. Howie, Mr. W. Long, Hon. J. P. Bell, Mr. J. Mitchell, Mr. W. Pearson, Mr. (K Stubley, and Mr. H..Burrell have two each. *V.m such «lot we may expect to see at least •:> .■ to tU i v>st., ,Vt. Eoud'iP erecting a t'legrat \ office uc so that the courv? <>f t|,«- i'.A.T.C. . to become as per f as • hat of iiie He hu« rV imi t' ■■ cd t' e sti-v-ie t '. '.so ieueee by rounding of:' the '.ops ui : tie .t.ee. The Gun Oich a dav's 's.ji-i; on FiC^y/v a. a i *? bc;*eea •b Gvv ' V - * fc -V * change, announce that they are prepared to forward to any part of Victoria, or the neigh bouring colonies, telegrams of the result of each race at the V.K.C. spring meeting. The Launceston meeting has been fixed for the 22nd and 23rd February, and the pro gramme will consist of a Maiden Plate of 25 so vs., Two-year-old Stakes of 75 sovs., Laun ceston Cup of 150 sovs., New Chum Han dicap of 50 bovb., Selling Hurdle Race of 50 sovs., Mowbray Hurdle Race of 60 sovs., T.T.C. Handicap of 100 sovs., Steeplechase of 100 sovs., All-aged Stakes of 50 sovs., Welter Handicap of 50 sovs., and Free Han dicap of 50 sovs. The weights for the cup and handicap will not be declared until after the Geelong meeting. There is one condition attached to the Melbourne Cup which appears to me to be a ^ ery absurd one. If nominators do not , fty the second forfeit on Thursday next they are liable for the whole stake, and if the whole stake be not paid before 11 a.m. on the morning before the race a nominator is i.ot only liable for the whole Btake, but the horse will not be allowed to start. Nomi nators will please bear this in mind. Canary, who did a Bplendid gallop at Flemington last week, is reported to have had a iiy to Williamstown, where he fiew so last that nothing could catch him. At a meeting of the Ballarat Turf Club Committee on Wednesday evening it was de cided to hold the next race meeting of the club on the 26th and 28th of December, and also to request the Ballarat Yacht Club to help them to make it a great sporting eveut. Mr. T. Lamond arrived overland from Sydney on Thursday, aud brought with him Zulu, Spinningdale, Wheatear, and Primrose. They have gone to their old quarters at the Prince of Wales Hotel. . The news from the training grounds is of a satisfactory nature. From Ballarat the in telligence respecting Odd Trick, The Duke, Koh-i-noor, and Sir Peter is very cheering to their friendB. At Caulfield, Woodlands, Waterloo, Santa Claus, and Kalo are all doing well, Waterloo especially. At Brighton, Cynic is getting on nicely. At Flemington nothing is doing better than Warlock, Wizard, Pollio, Sir Oliver, Mercury, Bella drum, Prince George, Wellington, Sir Modred, Canary, Chatterer, and The Czar. Darebin went well on Wednesday morning, and I thought Sir Oliver shaped like a racehorse on Thursday. Entries for the Brighton-park meeting, to be held on the 9th November, will be received at Mr. Jenkins's office, Kirk's Bazaar, up to 4 p.m. on Monday next. The special train for the New South Wales horses was well carried out by the authorities on the other side of the Murray, but when the trainers arrived at Albury, they dis covered that the Victorian railway could not accommodate them all, as there was not sufficient boxes. Some of them, therefore, had to be left at Albury, and when the others arrived at Seymour, a portion had to be left there, as the engine was not powerful enough to bring them through. Mr. De Mestre had 10 on the train, his lot consisting of Wandering Jew, Sunset, Courtenay, Guinea, Orient, Gudarz, Sweet William,and three two-year-olds by RobinBon Crusoe fromCocoanut, Lady, and La Mousse. They have gone to Williams town. T. Brown brought Trump Yobs, Brian Boru, Saionaia, Gamin, and Gladys; hut I think the last-named is to be turned cut. These horses and Creswick have gone to the Pastoral HoteL Mr. Ivory has arrived ■with Sweetmeat, Lord Burghley, Master Avenel, and Surrey, and they have gone to 45\. Davis's. Baines .baa brought Gipsy Cooper And Milbrodale, and they are quartered at the Racecourse Hotel, where the two-year-old Mistake is also located; and J. Monaghan has gone to D. Callanan's with Waxy, Sar donyx, Saunterer, and The Witch. Mr. Fennelly will probably arrive to-night with the Hon. James White's string. T. Pickard is in charge of Pluto. A "mixed" meeting will take place at Boccaccio-park this afternoon, when some trotting races, Ac., will be decided. 1 don't know who made the handicaps, but they are a curiosity in their way. H. Tothill arrived from Adelaide on Friday morning, and brought with him Pawnbroker, Home Rule, and Satanella. T. Hill also came with Topaz, and the whole of these horses have gone to the Racecourse Hotel, Flemington. Mr. W. E. Dakin will leave Adelaide on Monday next, and will be accompanied by seven of Sir Thomas Elder's horses. J. Hill will also leave next week with Savanaka and First Water. At a meeting of the committee of the Murrambidge Turf Club it was decided, by a narrow majority, to endorse the A.J.C. dis qualification of Elastic and the jockey Smith, nut not that of the owner, Mr. Mayo. As there appears to be some difference of j opinion respecting bets on the Melbourne Hunt GLub Cup, 1 have been requested to state that the committee of thp Victorian Club have decided that all beta made on the course stand. ScBATCHiNGS.—Melboume Cup—Progress, at 3.25 p.m., Oct. 3; Strathe&rn;, at 7.25 p.m.; -Oct. 3; Atlantic and Mowerina, 12.45, Oct. 3. i Sunny side, 3.50 p.m., Oct. 3; Darriwell, 9.15 \ a.m., Oct; 4. Melbourne Cup Forfeit.—Nominators for the Melbourne Cup must bear in mind that they will have to pay the second forfeit before 4 p.m. on Thursday next, otherwise they will be liable for the whole stake. V.R.C. General Entries.—Owners of I horses are reminded that the general entries for the V.R.C. Spring meeting dose at 4 p.m. on Thursday next, October IS. Final Pavhsnt fob tab Caulfield Cup.— ! Nominators for the Caulfield Cup will bear in -mind that the final payment has to be made before hi a m, on the day previous to the race. 