OLIVER OAKLAND. I can't name the year just at this mo ment, but it was early in the twenties, when I matriculated at St John's College, Cambridge. The only man I knew there, except my tutor, was Oliver Oakland, afterwards known to the whole college as Noble Nol. We had come from the same quiet neighbourhood of Chelmsford, in Essex, where our families had been old and friendly neighbours from grandfather times. Mine, the Westwoods, were well to do, having a respectable property in house and land, which I, being the only ex boy out of seven olive plants, expected to inherit some day. His consisted of his mother and himself. Their entire income was the pension allowed to a lieutenant's widow, and their expectations were Oliver's wits. How he got first to school, and then to college, was the wonder of all their friends ; but a small legacy left them by a maiden aunt had been eked out by all sorts of endeavours of their own : the mother gave private lessons to young ladies ; the son gave private assistance to young gentlemen ; and both made hard pulls—very hard they had to be—on the sympathies of their cousin, the rector, who kept no curate, and farmed his glebe to the best advantage. Moreover, the Oaklands had a beacon-light to guide their honest ambition: over the mantle- piece in their little parlour, side by side with the deceased lieutenant, who had fallen in a far East Indian field, too young for his son to remember him, there hung the portrait of a sour, wind-dried man, in university cap and gown, Zachary Oak- land by name, a hard-headed scholar of some note in his generation, which was long past, for he was Oliver's grand-uncle, and had begun life a poor student, but died the master of St John's College. That portrait, and the sour, wind- dried man it represented, were the glory and the guiding-star of the Oaklands, though it was traditionally said that the learned Zachary had never exchanged word or sign with one of his family from his twenty-first birthday, when his father to refused to furnish funds for the only bet he ever made in his life—I believe it was on a cock-fight—and all his kindred approved of the denial. The Master of St. John's had been saving as well as learned, and was believed to have died rich, but how or where he had hidden his money, nobody could dis- cover. A strict search had been made at the time of his death, which was rather sudden, though he had passed threescore and ten. The Oaklands and the college both expected to be his heirs, for Zachary had escaped the snares of matrimony; but no cheque-book, hoard, or will was found, nothing, in short, that could indicate what had become of his very considerable savings. At first, the Master's house- keeper was suspected; but time proved the fallacy of that opinion; the poor, honest woman, who had been neither overpaid nor over well kept by her late employer, remained poor and honest to the last; and having no other solution for the problem, people settled on the savings being sunk in some absurd specu- lation which the old man was too proud to acknowledge, and had therefore des- troyed the vouchers. St. John's had got nothing by him, and neither had the Oaklands; but the notable Master was a feather in each of their caps; and now that other Masters had come and gone the same way, and his glory had faded from the memory of all but very old Fellows, he was a feather in the Oak- lands' cap still, and an encouraging ex- ample to my friend Oliver. We were coming home one evening from a long ramble, and passing the Chapone Institution, an old-fashioned boarding- school of great strictness and high gen- tility, kept by the maiden daughters of a former Bishop of Ely, and named, I know not why, unless there was some connec- tion in the case with the lady who wrote such instructive and unentertaining Letters to her Niece, when my eye was caught by a plainly-dressed but uncom- monly pretty girl at the gate, who would have spoken to Oliver if I had not been there. It was a true-love business, I knew by my friend's eyes, which he could not keep from following her as she tripped up the lawn and into the house without once turning her head. They were very discreet about it ; but I had told Oakland so many secrets of mine, that I thought myself entitled to ferret out the only one he had ; and a fair opportunity occurred on the following Saturday, when I had him in my rooms at supper, a hamper of game having come from Westwood Manor. We were alone, and he was in rather low to spirits, as I observed was often the case with him of late. " You are in love, Oakland," said I, determined to dash into my subject. " How can that be ?" he said. "Fall- ing in love is for such lucky fellows as you who will have property to marry on if they please, not for such poor souls as myself, who must drudge their lives out at mathe- matics and dead languages to get a seat among those hard dry old bachelors at the Fellows' table." Oliver spoke with more bitterness than was usual to him; and I, knowing that his college-life was not an easy one, and guessing that he might be hard-up just now, pressed the good wine upon him, by way of consolation. Under its genial influence, my friend warmed, and I got assurance enough to quiz and question him concerning the plainly-dressed pretty girl. After a little beating about the bush, Oliver opened his heart to me: per- haps it was a relief to the solitary and struggling man to tell his tale. The pretty girl was Miss Russell, commonly called Bessy. She was an orphan, with- out relations or friends, except the maiden ladies of the Institution, of whom her father, a poor curate, had been a scarcely acknowledged connection, and to whom she had been junior assistant since the beginning of her fifteenth year. " She is little over eighteen now," said Oakland; " but a wiser or a better woman does not exist. You're laughing in your sleeve, I dare say, but Bessy could advise the oldest man in the college for his good: women can do the like, if it be in them without our books and universities. I understand the ladies of the Institution can't find a fault in Bessy; and it must be a small one that escapes them. I never could have got acquainted with her but for a savage dog I had the pleasure and good- luck to save her from one evening in the summer before last. She has a hard life there between the old maids and the young ladies they teach, but she never complains. I know the girl loves me, Westwood, and I can't think of living without her; so, after I take my B. A., I'm going to dig into divinity. My cousin the rector will want a curate some day, and I'll settle down to the work, and marry Bessy." " I never thought you had a turn for the church, Oakland," said I ; " but if there was a living in the gift of my family, it should be at your service, though it seems to me a downright burying of your talents, and I wonder what your mother will say." "I don't know," said Oliver with almost a groan. " She has set her heart and hopes on seeing me one of the college dons, and made many a sacrifice for it ; but the best girl in Europe would not please her for a daughter-in-law, without some rank or fortune, and Bessy has neither. Westwood, it is hard to think of burying my talents, as you call them, and taking to clerical duties, when, be- tween ourselves, I have no vocation for them ; but it is far harder I think of crossing my poor good mother." I tried to dissuade my friend from his design; but he showed me plainly that there was no other chance of a wedding or for him and Bessy, and on that wedding Oliver had fixed his mind with all the resolute constancy that was in it. He had not my advantage of getting easily snared and easily free, and Bessy's face was one that might haunt a man at a solitary fireside. He had jealous fears, too : it would be wearing away the best part of her life to wait for good-fortune that might never come : to his certain knowledge, she had offers from a drawing- master and a well-to-do tradesman ; but still the poor fellow would have made any sacrifice to Plutus, after the fashion of his friends the ancients, could it have availed him to escape the church and his mother's displeasure. We parted sad and sober in spite of the good wine. But when I saw Oliver again, it was Monday morning, when he entered my room with a face full of fun and an open letter in his hand. "Here is a pattern epistle in the sentimental line, and I want you, as a gentleman skilled in such matters, to tell me whence it comes : a hoax of course," handing me the letter, which to the best of my recollection ran as follows : " Can the sensible, the most accom- plished, the fascinating Oakland responde to a sincere and, heartfelt passion, not transitory and unprofitable, like the love of common minds, but steadfast, and sure to guide his steps to riches and prosperity ? If he can, let him reply to Cynthia at the post-office; his letter will be looked for with anxious hope, received with delight, and answered with expedition." My friend and I laughed heartily over the effusion, and agreed that it was a hoax; but who was the perpetrator, I could guess as little as Oliver himself. Yet there was something in the writing, though evidently a disguised hand, familiar to my eyes. I thought and poured over it, but could not fix on no- body; and the mystery seemed to work upon Oakland, studious and steady as he was, for he resolved to carry on the joke, and thereby find out his fair correspondent, as we both felt sure the hand was that of a woman. Cynthia was answered on the spot, in a strain as grandiloquent as her own. She replied by the very next post, and got another answer. Six or seven letters were thus exchanged, I being the only outsider in the secret; and the only point that either watching or bribery could as- certain for Oliver was, that Cynthia's let- ters were called for by a variety of ragged boys, who, when they could be got at and questioned, said sometimes an old woman had sent them to the post- office, and sometimes a young lady. The correspondence did not advance rapidly towards a solution. My friend was always declaring himself able and willing to respond to any amount of affection and confidence, while the lady, as I thought to lure him on, took up the strain of men being deceivers ever. But none of her epistles closed without the hint growing plainer at every repetition of the riches and prosperity to which she could guide his steps; and at last—it was like a drowning man clutching at a straw—poor Oliver seemed to half believe that his good fortune was somehow to come through Cynthia, when a curious accident enabled me to unveil the charmer. At the end of Trumpington-street, next to St. John's Lane, there was it the time of my story, and had been for many a year before, a shop of all-wares in the students' fancy line. Everything that college-men required in those days, from second-hand books to new boxing-gloves, might be bought there ; steel spurs for game-cocks, white kids for evening parties, pipes of every form, smoking- caps, with other goods too various to mention, made it the constant resort of students. The shop was kept by a Miss Josephs, and a woman whom she pleased to call her nurse, but whom popular tradition affirmed to be her mother. Miss Josephs was of an age not to be ascertained. Her face had a re- markable likeness to that of a parrot; her figure strikingly resembled an upright deal- board; she had a dark muddy com- plexion, a considerable squint, and stiff black hair, said to be daily thinned by plucking out the grey. Yet the prettiest woman in England could not have looked more certain of her triumph over the hearts of men, or put on more airs and graces for that purpose. It was a study of the ridiculous to see her behind the counter, dressed in the extreme of the fashion, and talking like a fainting duchess. The students one and all laughed at her: and throughout Cam- bridge (I think it was the boating-men who gave her the title), on account of a peculiar mode she had of moving her skinny arms, Miss Josephs was known as a the Steerer. They laughed at and paid her extravagant compliments; paid extravagant prices, too, for most of her wares; the shop was convenient, and the credit long; but the wildest or most mischievous student never cared to go further, great as the encouragement was for practical joking and burlesque romance. The Steerer's nurse—I never knew another name for her-was lucky in not living two centuries earlier, for she might have sat to any painter who wanted a perfect witch. It was said there were fierce quarrels be- tween her and the fascinating lady, always about money-matters, in which their calculations seldom agreed; but they ad- dressed each other in most affectionate terms in public, bore strong testimony to each other's virtues, kept no servant, and admitted nobody within their walls ex cept by special invitation, and such events were few and far between. The Steerer was chief-shopkeeper, and had the control of windows and counter: but the nurse had a back corner, screened by half a partition, out of which she sold at fitting times, and to confidential custo mers, cigars that had never paid duty, snuff of unrivalled excellence, and it was said, more questionable wares. The pair were not natives, and whence they came, nobody in Cambridge could certify ; but there was a floating tradition that they were somehow descended from the Portuguese Jews; and their power of making out bills, and getting them paid, seemed to warrant its truth. There was another tale concerning them, which probably contributed to make the students keep a safe distance. Some three years before Oliver and myself entered St John's, there had been among its gownsmen one rather poor, rather clever, and not very wise. He happened to have got three affairs of some moment on his hands at once—namely, reading for a fellowship, making love to the Steerer, and a promise of marriage to his bed-maker's daughter." With such contradictory irons in the fire, success was scarcely possible, and so it proved with him. He lost the fellowship ; he was called on to fulfil his promise ; and he had to go and explain matters to the Steerer. What attraction he had found in that quarter, nobody could make out; but from casual hints, his college-friends sup- posed that he had been led to believe in some great fortune or legacy which she was to inherit. Well, the student went to her house by special arrangement one winter evening, to make his woeful con- fession, and take a fond farewell. The neighbours knew there was a fine supper cooked, and wine brought in ; but whether the conversation or the viands proved too much for him, the young man returned early to his rooms, and the same night was seized with an illness which the doctors after a deal of uncertainty, found out to be brain fever, and of which he died on the ninth day. I had heard that story many a time, and was thinking of it, it may be in malice, after glancing over a pretty heavy account from the shop in Trumpington-street, when all at once it occurred to me that the hand that set down the various items in good ledger style, was, in spite of its disguise, the very same which had written Cynthia's letters. There was a small repository of similar bills in my desk, and a survey of them left no doubt in my mind. I flew to acquaint Oliver with the discovery ; and a compari- son of documents satisfied us both that Cynthia was none other than the Steerer. I laughed, till Oliver's rooms rang, over the grandiloquent passages in her love- letters. Oakland laughed, too, and agreed with me that it was a capital tale ; but the more we talked over it, the less he seemed amused, and I could not help seeing that there was some part of the subject of which he did not speak, but was thinking seriously. Once more, the poor student's story occurred to me. Doubtless it was of it Oliver was thinking, and I hinted my recollections, with a hope that he would have nothing more to do with the fair unknown. Oakland in made no reply, at least no direct one, but I understood he was of the same mind by his immediately pointing out the ne- cessity of keeping all that concerned Cynthia between ourselves, if we did not mean to furnish the whole university with a jest at our own expense. I saw the wisdom of his counsel; for though not a principal in the affair, I at any rate should have felt bound to spare my friend the laughter and jokes it must occasion. I parted with Oliver on that under- standing, and did not see him for some days after, as I got engaged with a boating-party. We had gone down the Cam, and came home rather tired. Though it was not very late, most of the shops in Trumpington-street were shut ; the Steerer's door was, but her window remained open. Through it I remarked a man, not looking at goods, but at her, while he leaned on the counter, in earnest conversation, and a movement of his head showed me that it was my friend, Oliver Oakland. I went home, not knowing what to think. Had his newly-discovered Cynthia really attracted my friend, and made him waver in his allegiance to the pretty Bessy ? If so, the promise to guide his steps to riches and prosperity must be the chief charm ; yet how could Oliver, shrewd and sensible as he was, believe such a thing possible to a small shopkeeper in Trumpington-street ? The Steerer's gatherings could not be a temp- tation to a man like him, yet I have seen Oliver earnestly engaged with her ; it was an not the best or cheapest of her goods that brought him there at such an hour, after warning me to keep the subject of her letters out of the students' ears. In my contempt and indignation at this deceit I wished my word had not been given on that matter; but given it was, and nothing remained but to give Oliver the cold- shoulder. I tried it for some days ; almost weeks, indeed ; Oliver saw nothing of me, and I saw nothing of Oliver. He did not avoid me, so far as I could see, but he did not seek me out : conscious guilt, thought I ; but somehow the man had become too needful to my life and mind to be thus parted with. I went to his rooms at our usual meeting-time in the evening, but he was out. I guessed where, watched about Trumpington-street, and saw him come out of the Steerer's private door. Next day we met by acci- dent, and I took the opportunity to congratulate him on being admitted to Cynthia's bower. Oliver looked as if any other observation would have been more welcome, but he was by no means as much abashed as I expected; on the contrary, he made light of it, like one who was carrying on a jest, talked more gaily and carelessly than ever I had heard him, and in reply to my question, 'What will Bessy say?"' he merely said : Oh, never mind Bessy; she is a prudent girl." Oliver was engaged with the Steerer ; a pretty strict Watch proved to me that he visited her every evening after shop-hours, and Oliver was changed in every par- ticular. Of me, his only intimate friend, he had grown positively careless.; his less familiar, acquaintances remarked that something occupied him more than his usual studies; he was absent at lectures, and took no heed of what was said of him. Still, for our old friendship's sake, I would not make the cause of his altered conduct public, knowing that it must make Oliver ridiculous; and I had scar- cely taken that resolution, when a new and strange light was thrown on the subject by Mrs Mops, my bed- maker. All who chance to be acquainted with college-life will know what an indispens- able functionary the bed-maker is to every student; for she who bears that humble title is, in fact, the sole manager of his domestic affairs. Mrs Mops was a jewel of the kind, honest, careful, and sober, of discreet age, for she had been forty years at the bed-making business, and it was her boast that she never did for nobody but steady gentlemen. Mrs Mops had a discreet tongue, too—a gift rather rare among the ladies of her calling—and as she officiated for Oliver as well as for me, I was somewhat startled by the good woman saying, with a peculiar look when lighting my fire one evening: 'May I ax, sir, if anything strange has happened to Mr Oakland ?" " Nothing that I know of. What makes you think there has ?" said I, determined to hear all she had to say. "Just because he has taken to such odd ways, not like himself at all; there ain't nothing wrong nor unsteady, you know, but just uncommon strange;" and Mrs Mops dropped her voice to a whisper. He's never at his books in the evenings, as he used to be, and I can't find out where he goes. He's always a-thinking and a-talking about something to himself ; it ain't learning, sir, for he laughs and whistles over it. But the strangest thing of all is what the gardener's wife tells me, that he's going about the college-grounds at all hours of the night, in the loneliest part of them, sir, where the old Dutch summer-house stands among the willows beside the river." Then I sat by the fire, pitying his poor mother, his poor Bessy, and wondering what I ought to do as a friend under the circumstances, till my brown-study was broken up by a knock at my door, and in walked Oliver himself. He shook hands with me as warmly as if our friendship in had never cooled, and took his accus- tomed seat beside me. There was nothing wild or disorderly in his look, but I know he had something particular to say, and the next minute it came : "Westwood, you are the best, the only friend I ever had ; and I want you to help me through a busi- ness which few men have to do often. Bessy and I are going to get married quietly and quickly. You may stare, but it is true; I have the means to keep her handsomely ;" and Oliver's eyes seemed to dance with joy. "Don't be alarmed; I am in my right mind, Westwood ; I have got my grand-uncle's long-lost money. Listen ! The old fellow had hidden it under the floor of the Dutch summer- house where he used to sit day and night they say, in his latter years; and left a sort of will written in Greek, the purest Attic, I assure you, bequeathing the whole, hoard to his next of kin, with particular directions where to find it. The will—I do don't know how—got into the hands of a dealer in waste paper, who sold it in bale of his goods to our friend Cynthia, many years ago. I am not sure that the old witch behind the partition yonder don't use the like in the choice Havanas she makes up ; at at any rate the bale was bought, and my grand- uncle's will in it. The Greek characters were beyond the Steerer's scrutiny, but the old master had written his name at full length, in English letters, on the back; and either the Fates, or the faculty for scenting out money, peculiar to her Jewish race, made her keep it out of the Havanas, and safe in a private drawer. It appears that unfortunate fellow who got into trouble between her and the bed-maker's daughter, and escaped them both by the brain fever, gave her an ink- ling of its value, by the by, he could not have been a good Grecian, or there should have been little for me to find. So the Steerer took to promising riches and prosperity ; you remember her letters, of course, West wood ; it must have been my good genius that prompted me to make out what she meant by that." "And you made it out," said I, getting sure enough of Oliver's sanity; "made love to the charming Cynthia over her shop-counter ; got hold of the paper and thereby of the money." "That was exactly what I did, West. wood," and Oliver winced as he spoke. "It was not strictly honourable, I'll allow, but what else was to be done with the woman? However, I have bought Beechly farm, which will keep Bessy and me comfortably, in my own county. My mother shall live with us ; or, if she can't agree with Bessy, though I think anybody might, she'll have a cottage to herself at the end of the lane. You and I will be neighbeurs, and I hope friends, for the rest of our lives ; but, Westwood, I must ex get married at once. If the thing were done, matters might be settled with the Steerer ; I have kept a decent sum to pay her off. Will you help me to got the licence? will you give Bessy away ? There will be nobody but yourself at our wedding; my mother must know nothing of the business till it's done. Westwood, can I reckon on you ?" "That you can," said I, seeing that Oliver was in desperate haste, and in con- siderable fear of his charming Cynthia; and in the green days of mine, the course he proposed to take seemed the readiest, if not the n most commendable. We talked over it till far in the night ; got.the licence next day; and on a cold, drizzly morning, the curate of St Peter's Church made Oliver and Bossy one, in presence of myself and the clerk. I can't say on what excuse the assistant- teacher got out so early ; but directly after the ceremony, she went back to the Chapone Institution, till Oliver could get the Steerer paid off, and make the fact of his marriage respectably public. How he went about the first part of the business, I never exactly learned, but it appeared to have been successfully managed; and when he called at my rooms in the evening, Oliver was perfectly enthusiastic in the Steerer's praise. "She stood it like an angel," said he. "I never imagined she could be so sensible and con- siderate ; never scolded, never cried —though, between ourselves a fit was the least that I expected, but seemed to understand at once that the thing was done, and accep- ted it with uncommonly good grace. By the by, I paid her down two thousand pounds, in lieu of myself, you'll say. " Well, Westwood, it clears one's conscience; and I must tell you the old woman was as friendly as Cynthia; she knew all about the affair, of course; and between them, they made me promise that Bessy and I should spend Saturday evening with them. A queer visiting-place for a young bride; but they brought it about so that I could not refuse, and Bessy is not like ordinary girls to stand on a trifle. I have taken apartments in town, and written to my mother. I couldn't take Bessy home without knowing how she would be re- ceived; but I won't have her staying any longer with those old prigs at the Institution." Oliver and I had a good deal of conver- sation regarding his prospects, which indeed seemed fair and pleasant. He did not tell me the exact sum he had found hidden under the coloured tiles in the summer-house floor, but it must have been a handsome one. He had bought Beechly Farm, a very comfortable property;I told me how he would enlarge the house, lay out the grounds, have done with college-life, and spend tIhe rest of his days in the manner of Palemon, now that he had found his Lavinia. With these fair hopes, Oliver went from me that night, after exacting a promise that I would come to see him and Bessy at their new address on the follow ing Sunday, for, till then, he knew I must be busy with certain reading that had to be done, and country cousins that were be shown over Cambridge. Well, that Sunday came; the reading and the lionising had been got through, and I was dressing at an earlier hour than as usual, when my room- door suddenly opened, and in rushed Oliver looking like a ghost. '' Wetwood !" he cried, " for God's sake, come with me and see Bessy; she awoke this morning out of her mind. I have sent for three doctors, and they can do nothing for her. O, my friend, come and tell me what you think." I went with him to a very respectable lodging, and there found poor Bessy stark mad. No other term could give an idea of her condition : she knew nobody, she recollected nothing—her husband, her marriage, her honeymoon, all were for gotten; and her incoherent ravings always recurred to something about two old women and wine. No cause could be assigned for the sudden visitation. She had been in good health and spirits on the preceding evening, which the new married pair spent according to promise with Miss Josephs and her nurse; she retired to rest without any noticeable change, and woke at the break of day in frantic madness. To make a sad tale short: all that medical skill and experience could suggest was tried for poor Bessy, but tried in vain ; her insanity was hopeless, and without one lucid interval, nor could all the doctors engaged throw the smallest light on the cause. There was indeed a suspicion hinted at by one of our old professors, and firmly believed by Oliver, that some drug, of extraordinary and peculiar power, had been mixed with something which the unlucky bride had eaten or drunk in the house of her paid off rival. Whether the suspicion were true or not, the Steerer and her nurse made a mighty show of regret and com miseration; but their show got deserted, and they left Cambridge very quietly at the next quarter-day. My poor friend spent the rest of his days on the farm he had bought, and his mother lived with him ; but his bride spent hers in a lunatic asylum, where she survived him many a year, for he died early, a man broken down and worn out before the time; and so must end my tale of Oliver Oakland. 