OUR "VICTORIAN LETTER. [From oar om Ccrreeixawlexit.l Melbourne, Jane 11. Mr. Richardson, the Minister of Mines, has been getting into.eoneiderable hot water lately. Mr. Cooper and Mr. Wfeeeler are his colleagues in the representation of Greswick, bat they are anything but friends. Within this eonatitae&cy; there is a dense forest known as the Ballarook State Forest. This reserve is'a little more than 2,000 acres, and timber catting for the adjacent mines of Eallar&t; and Greswick is a very im portant industry there. It would seem that Mr. Riohaidson in his capacity as Minister of Lands, under the stimulus of some remark in Parlia ment on the subject,promieedsome time ago that this reserve should not be invaded. Contrary to this promise about 600 aores have been seleoted, and are in the way of passing out of the control of the State. On this ground he has-been bolted again and again by his two bollenguesfor Oreswick. Mr. Riohardson is accused of favor ing certain tenant-rights in which he is person ally interested, and making things pleasant for bis supporters by conniving at'the encroach- j ments on this valuable State forest. He in his. turn has of course's great deal to say about the i political immorality of his accusers. He has been confronted also with the ghost of an un fortunate occurrence which took place some three pr fout years ago. The youths of both sexes, who are in training for teachers are some times boarded out with'reputable persons for want off accommodation in the Training Institu tion itself. In-this case a Mrs. Pearce, widow of a teacher who had died in the service, had the domestio charge of some three or" four youths, who happened one evening to he more than ordinarily outrageous in their horse play., Mr. Richardson, who is a personal friend of the lafly in -question, chanced to drop in at a time when this stupid play wag as its height. The good woman,, unable to control the boys, and_ with her patience exhausted, appealed to her. friend^ for his interposition. The youths re sented thi6, became restive, and so exasperated Mr. Richardson that he inflicted chastisement on onp of them with a whip which was handy. This youth wbb thereafter laid up with an af fection of the hip-joint, said to have been caused by the castigation he- had received. The father . of the lad demanded a thousand pounds of Mr. EichardsoD, but - finally compounded ' the matter for the much smaller sum of £S0. Soon after receiving this solatium the boy improved so radically that he'was found" at his work again, at which he has oontinued without much apparent damage ever since. Mr. Riohard son no doubt thought he-was well rid/of this, delicatehnd unpleasant business, but it has been brought up in the House in a" manner evidently intended to.inj ore both his credit and character." It may with safety be averred that everything a Minister does, as well as everything he does not do, is sure to be wroDg somehow with some body. The other day a large ship called the Qlamia Castle entered Hobson'a Bay from China,-bring-' ing with her a most .ill-fated freight. Last Saturday she attempted to land 200 Chinese at Sandiidge. This very natural line of con : duct, in respect to the men who had arrived at the destination for which they had come over the seas, w«b resisted by a large party of roughs and larrikins, who were waiting on the pier to; " make it hot" for the Celestials. Those gentle men carried their resistance so far that after yelling like maniacs and jostling the unfortu nate strangers, they took from them their baskets, bamboos, and other baggage, and mal treated tbem with personal violence, knocking them down and jumping on them in some in stances. The officers of the ship, with the assis tance of the water police, did all they could to protect their unfortunate passengers, who were, taken-back on board the ship until sufficient polios, protection could be afforded them. This is the way in which these benighted pagans are treated by the enlightened Christians of this enlightened land. The same ship is likely to acquire an evil notoriety on account of the character of her cargo as well as her pas sengers. Mr. Bowman, the member for Mary borough, is reputed. to: be the sharpest bagman in Viofcoria, and that is saying a good deal. A few day a ago he stated in. the Assembly that a large shipment of impure tea had reached Mel bourne by the Glamia Castle, and had' been pur chased by some of the whol^ale houses. On the "day previous to this statement being made, 250 half-chests ana 925-boxes bad been sold by auction jn the city at from 3£d. to 4|d. per pound, and this tea, Mr. Bo wman Bald,, was so impure that it was neither more nor less than poison. In-England an Aet; of Parliament provided that tea under 30 per cant, of extract should not "be sold, and ahy person disposing of tea under that standard was liable to a heavy, fine. Tse Attorney-General acknowledged bis obligation to Mr. Bowman for bringing the matter under his notice, and said that in this, as in a former instance when the sale of ten tons 6f tea was stopped for a similar cause, the most strict in vestigation should be made, and the matter dealt with according to evidence. Tom Bent, so-called—meaning always the Hon. Thomas Bent, member of Parliament for Brighton—although not by any means a genius, stands ont conspicuously as a character in the Houee. The other evening he had been called to order by the Speaker for saying that Mr. Laurens had asked the Chief Secretary a " put up" question. The Speaker ruled the expres sion slangy, and Mr. Bent accordingly had to withdraw. The following evening Mr. Bent rose to make a personal explanation. On the previous night the Speaker had ruled that the words " put up" were slang, and out of order. His constituents had noticed the report in the papers, and spoken to him on the matter, as they naturally felc hurt that their member should, j have been rebuked for using slang. (Laughter.) He had taken the trouble to look up the mean ing of the words, and he found, on searohing •'Johnson's Dictionary"—(laughter)—that the words were not slang. Turning to page 671— (great laughter)—he found the words—" Put up. Pass unavenged; I will indeed no longer endure ifcj" (Laughter.) "Nor am I yet persuaded to 'put up' in peace what already I have foolishly suffered." That was my case, (Laughter.), That's from " Othello." (Roars of laughter.) Then he found another version of "put up." (Laughter) Quoting from L'Estrange, he read —"It is prudence in many easeB to 'put up' the injuries of a weaker enemy for fear of incurring the displeasure of a stronger." (Greatlaughter.) That's your case, Mr. Speaker. (Roara of laughter.) Here ib another version of pnt up," which I will read" The Canaanitish woman must 'put up'' a refusal, and the re proachful name of dog, commonly used by the Jews of the heathen." Here the hon. member turned to Mr. Zox, and remarked, amidst roars of laughter, "That's your case." Mr. Bent then quoted from " Hudibras " and Addison to prove that" put up'' was not a slang term. He next read from Dickens, where Oliver Twist defines "put up" as robbery, and thea, ad dressing Mr. Laurens, exclaimed, '* That's your case."j (Roars of applause.) He (Mr. Bant) had heard1 Mr. Fisher deliver a lecture oh slang at Brighton; and he had never referred to the words " put up," so they could not be slang. He hoped the Speaker would acquit him of using slang. (Laughter.) The Speaker said he -merely ruled the words as slang because they, gave offence to the member for North Melbourne, and words used in Parliament which gave offence were of course out of order. During the last week we have been visited with a succession of tremendous gales. All along on the Queensoliff coast,-the: Back Beach, and from Point Lonsdale on to the. Bar won Heads, the high tides, driven up with tremendous force by the heavy gales from the south, have invaded the coast and washed away the sand in a degree not paralleled for a long time past. A good deal of damage was done to the shipping in Hobson's Bay. . Some'of.the vessels-.'drifted from their anchorage and fouled,-and one, the Bulwark by name, was fairly capsized at the Sandridge Bend, where she now lies on her beam ends, and her yard arms all but perpendicular. She had at cargo of timber, and this washed out of her so freely that the beach on the Emerald Hill side was strewn for a long distance. The weather has moderated, the most of the cargo, it is BBid, will be saved, aud tenders are being asked for raising the vessel. ... The case of the Ferret, yolept the India, steamer, which was stolen from a company in Glasgow, and after dodging about the seas, was brought into Melbourne to be deteoted as the missing escapee,-drags its slow length along, and it is doubtful in some aspects what the isBue will be. Tbe affairs connected therewith are so complicated, and tbe parties at home who -are interested are bo bIow to take definite aotion, ,that it is hard to say what complexion the caBe will nltimately take. There is one thing pretty certain, that before it is terminated there will be a pretty bill of costs for somebody to pay, meanwhile the confederated conspirators are in gaol, to whioh tbey are remanded from time , to time as the slow process of the law requires. The Postmaster-General has, initiated a new system for tbe registration of letters and packets containing money and other valuables. By this scheme the registration fee is reduced from six pence to fourpence per letter, and the risk, of loss by theft or accident is said to ba conside rably reduced. Postmasters who have reason to suspect that money or other valuables are trans-' mitted without registration, are empowered to register tbe letters and obarge doable fees on delivery. -This is better than the-old system of impounding and espionage, and-it is believed that it will foe an improvement on the method which has been in use hitherto. A dase, has transpired which can hardly be -without interest to mariners. _ A ship called the Mirzepore was berthed a week or two ago at the Sandridge Pier. Soon after landing Captain Dowling, her-master, was charged before the Steam Navigation Board first, with carrying no sidelights on board his ship from the time of leaving the English coast until the vessel neaohed Gape Ob way; secondly, that no look-v| out wps kept on the Mirzapore during the time »f rupning the easting down; and, thirdly, ^hat a man-was lost bverbord and.-no effort made rto save him. There was a good deal of 000-" I [flicting testimony - in respect to -the flatter charge. Some of the witnesses swore that-the man so lost was an;almoat unrivalled' swimmer, thkirtbe wind was not high, and that the sea was0-moderate at the time; others testified" that a boat coold not bb lowered without being swamped, and that it was not possible to do anything ^ towards saving the man's life "without placing those who attempted to do in a state of almost absolute peril.. Captain Dowl'mg was fouud guilty ©f the two former charges, but the latter waB held to be not proven. . It oamo cot in evidence that two of the three boats on bo tu ........ i board were utterly useless, and the third so leaky that the rain trickled through it, and it was so placed that it was impossible to fce pat into speedy requisition. Captain Dowling was deprived of hia certificate for sis month, but refused at first to surrender it, afterwards, on the advice _of his counsel, he gave it hp under protest, stating his , intention at the same time to appeal from the decision of the board. However much he may feel aggrieved it - remains- that a-man who could .sail his ship through crowded and perilous aeas without side lights, without ft look-out, and without a boat that-could be used is not i very desirable person to embark with. The great ball, which signalised the clow of the Exhibition, at which the two younger Princes were expected to be present, wsb an imposing affair in'its way," but rather " mixed. In the matter of'numbers, decoration and general dis play, it was perhaps the most brilliant thing of the sort that imB ever been witnessed in the oity. Upwards of 2,COO persons were present, including the Marquis of Normauby, Sir Arthur Kennedy,' Governor of Queensland, 'Earl Clanwilliam of theDetaohed Squadron, Prince -Louie tof-Eattenburg, Lord Hervey Pbipps, and several other distinguished "personages. The viceregal party- arrived*boob after 9. o'clock, and the Gdvernor and Barl'Olanwilliam left shortly . hefoic- eleven. The catering -was? done by. Clements. Chairs were not provided at • the tabic, and the guests? retired when they had been supplied, to make room for Others. The dancing spaca comprised the -entire area of the front"Exlubition Building, and dancing wa3 kept up until nearly.3 o'clock in the: morning to the music oF Allen's Band, under the direction of Mr. Warnecke.- One toast only, that of the Queen, was proposed by the president,; Mr. W.J.Clarke. It has beau somewhat maliciously said that.the croafd was in part made up .of livery servants ia* mufti with tlitir female friends, bat I apprehend that, thia was- not the case. to any great-extent, although there is little doubt thafc-it was true in an instance or two, just enough to justify and give point'to the remark. .( •The Board of Management of the Benevolent' ■ Asylum seems to emulate the style and manners. of our House of Assembly at its worBt. Recently there 'was an. inmate, of that"'institution who gave the ;cocf6is and officials generally a great deal of trouble in many ways. One of her megrims was' a sort of haunting dread that alter death her body .would corns under the operation, of the dissecting knife, and she in duced her friends to promise that on, receiving notice of her death they would claim her body. The woman in due time died, and her friends were true to their promise; but the medicoo had been too quick for them. Her case was a complicated, and somewhat obscure one; for twenty-seven years she had been-an inmate of the asylum, during which - time she was a sufferer from phthisis, tumors, and paralysis, and as soon as death allowed them, the ddofcors, whose diagnoses had been perplexed, were anxious to discover the real fasts of her case. At the moment that the friends arrived for the body, they heard- sounds of merriment issuing from the dissecting- room, and when the body of their relative was afterwards given to them in pieces they inferred that the dissectors had been making coarse mirth*" over her mutilated remains. This was brought before the committee, and produced so mneb.partisan excitement that the members of the hoard, professional men and gentlemen by courtesy, gave one another the lie direct, and almost came to fisticuffs. This is unfortunately no new thing at this place; for some three years past they havsheen ina state of chronic intermittent disagreement. Several of the old committee, resigned some time ago, "and it was hoped that the hew blood would show up in better form; but that has not been the case. There is an old proverb whioh says,.," He that is greedy of gain treubleth his own houie." An incident lately occurred at Sandhurst direotly in proof of this. A man named Hickey, a woodcarter, brought his wife to the police station and asked the constable in.charge to take her into custody as a Ionatic. Scantily clad in threadbare garments, ■ with sunken features aud protuding jawbones, her emaciated condition was proof that she was either being starved or was starving herself. She was ac companied by three young children, hatless, bootless, and meagrely clad like herBelf.bat who clung to her thin and draggled skirtsj mid re fused to leave her. The doctors were called in for examination, and they reported that the only thing the matter with" the woman was want of noniUhment. She was therefore formally brought before the magistrates, and dismissed on the evidence of the medical referees; It tran- * spired that the family had been living in a small hovel on a selection belonging to the man Hickey, and had been denied the common neces saries of life. The most singular part of the story is that Hiokey had a deposit of several hundred pounds in the bank, and his wife's lunacy lay in her persisting in carrying the deposit receipts about in her pocket. Her re fueal to give up thes6 led to his charging her with lunacy. A more wretched spectacle than this family presented from sheer want, while the husband and father was a capitalist iu no small degree for a working man, has seldom been presented under any circumstances. Henderson, the assumed ' proprietor of" the steamer Ferret, .is evidently a man of great invention and plucks Any one who has seen the Melbourne Gaol will under stand that it argues no small' degree of hardihood for a man to attempt even to escape from it, but this is exactly what Henderson has done. It was necessary for, him to file through two bars of the cell in which he was placed before ' he could escape. He had gob. about a quarter part through one when his attempt was dis | covered, and a stop put, of coarse, to his further | operations. Some one, who it is quite unknown, I had supplied him with files, a lamp, and some j black putty to facilitate his operations. If he [ had broken out of the cell, he conld not have surmounted the outer wall, unless there_ was | some one in waiting to assist him. As it is, the only'effect of his audacious effort will ba to sharpen the wits of the prison authorities, and to block the way for.the consummation of his purpose in the" future". The oass against the Ferret conspirators is in the hands of Inspector Secretan and Detective Mackay. j How Dr. .Teague comes into such company I cannot tell, hub the detectives made a domi ciliary visit to this gentleman for the purpose, I it is alleged, of getting possession of the j marriage certificate of'the lady who is known as Mrs. Henderson. Dr. Teague, it seems, was this 1 lady's medical adviser, and it was supposed for some reason that the certificate in question had been handed over to his eare. It transpired, however, that the desiderated certificate had no reference to the prisoner Henderson, but to a marriage whioh ia said to have taken place be tween the lady and Mr. Merle, a business man in Liverpool. ' . . , • . „, . The Hon. John Woods is in danger of having his nose put out of joint as an inventive genius. An engineer of the name of Milligan has been desirous for a good while past of testing what he calls an electric railway brake on the Vic-. torian railway lineB. His object was of coarse frustrated so long as Mr. Woods wast in power, _but now that Mr. Patterson has succeeded to the railways, Mr. Milligan is .to be allowed the use of some carriages for the purpose of'testing ! the efficiency of his invention. The principle of the brake-is said to be extremely simple, both , in construction and application, but the practical . utility of if can of course only be determined by -j a trial. ' j | The hanking interest of.the' colonies.appears to have made a great advance of late. The in crease in the note circulation of the year is not., much short of half a million, while the increase; "r n . •!_ IX._ -n Un.*1n oiv nislltrtnn of deposits for the year is nearly 8ix: millions and a half.. Dnripgthe last quarter the increase in both these items has been very great. The eauee's of this acoelerated prosperity were supposed to be realisations from unusually large natural products, the influx, of .:Britisheapital through the borrowing operations of our Govern ments, and1 the Introduction of fresh capital by the mortgBge companies., s it is to.be noted that of the increase, in question, more is "shown in Victoria than in' all the .other colonies put together. . .. . The Raymond, experiment for destroying rabbits by poisoning with phosphorus proceeds in a very satisfactory manner. Accounts from the Western district show that bonny , prefers phosphorised oats even to young grass. In one instance two men Becured 400 skins in one day by the use of less than a pound of phosphorus, and from one district the rare and singular com plaint comes that the selectors cannot find sufficient; rabbits on whioh to feed themselves and their.dogs.. This is very good news indeed % so far as it holdB. % - The repairs of the Sorata have so'far pro gressed that it is definitely deoided she shall leave the dock on the 20th inst. The total expenditure on the vessel from the time she struck on the rocks to the time of leaving t'ue dock is estimated at £50,000, of; wliioh sum £7.C00 has been paid in wages alone. The manner in which the work has been carried one gives every satisfaction, aud is reported to be highly creditable to the contractors. The latest news bearing upon the Reform Bill is that a caucus of Ministerial supporters isto be held previous to the . commencement ofr parliamentary business next - week to; -decide » on the course to be adopted. :in . dealing with 'the Kefcrm\EiU.;i .The Chief ^Secre-, ■ -itary regards the measure as lost, bat several 'of his supporters are at variance with him on that point. 'They think that having done their best they are bound in the interests .'of the country to aoeept tfte Bill- as containing the ^utmost concessions that can be obtained from \ the Council by constitutionalmeans. ;: The Op- - "'pesitibn memberis-are not satisfied either with the exception ol an immaterial point; oruwa,.., which objwtto t-to elimination of, they ere prepared to support the Bill when it shall be returned to the Lower House. Mr. Berry is personally op posed to a difsolutioD, because be contends that it would practically be a dissolution of the Assembly bj the Counoil. We may possibly therefore yet see some accommodation by which the Beform Bill may become the law of the land. The Christcliurcli -penny readings weute held on Tuesday eyehing at North Adelaide, and were again quite successful, the programme, being well carried ou% and the aadience a. large one. A meeting -was held at the Port Ad miral Hotel, tort Adelaide, on Tuesday evening^: June 21, to consider the advisableness of form- ; ing a branch of the Mercantile Marine Service Association of Australasia. There was a large attendance. Captain M. Smith, presided. Mr. T. Homing, hon. secretary pro tern., explained . briefly the objects of the association, whioh were to bring together shipmasters and officers \- engaged in the Australian merchant service, to protect thenrmterests, to obtain for tham ap pointments to vessels when out of employment, to: provide reading and news-rooms for the members, to which they might resort when in port, and to carry out other objects which might conducie to the improvement of the position of the Australian mercantile marine service gene rally. The chairman said that he had often— • thought that there waB a great need for unity , . amongst shipmasters and officers, and he wo aid ,'. he very g'ad to see the branch formed. Such a .eooiety would have great weight when marine . laws Were under consideration. Societaes'of that J .description had been formed in LendonaudLiver-. 1 poolaud nearly all the great ports .of theXJuited .: Kingdom,and had proved a decided; success*;] If they "formed, the society they could meet • together and; discuss matters affecting; their . interests and take action with regard to thaai. Such a Booieity would nob be antagonistic either , ,' . to ,.- shipowners, seamen, or any one else. AU . they wanted to do was to do their du-y, and' that was to leave the service in as good's posi tion as they found it. 'Mr. J. H. Sinclair said that he had been instructed by several ship- ! "m asters to do what he could to get such a society /formed. There were societies for protesting the interests of shipowners, engineers, audhe believed shipmasters engaged in the foreign - trade,hut there was no. society for shipmasters and officers in the coasting and intercolonial; i trade. He moved - " That intheupinion of this meeting it is desirable to form a /Mercantile .. Marine Service Association of South Australia for the purpose of protecting the interests of - -tire master mariners and officers trading in and out of Adelaide, and that; a committee be chosen to form it." Captain iSartlett seconded, and the motion Was carried unanimously, . .Captains J. \7. Smith, Bartlcit, and Itichardson, a I; and Messrs. Henderson, Brewer; and, Morris a ■■ (Officers) were then chosen-as the committee,. . with power to add to their number, and-Mr. T 'Heming was elected hon. sec.protem. ■ The Auckland correspondent -of the ^ Oiayo Daily Times suppliesthe followidg paeti-'; culars of an " interview" held in San Francisco with a sweepholder nBmed North, who. sbme 1 months ago levanted from Welfington with a ■ targe sura of money "which he; held on bahalf -1 of the betting jjublic:—A young man named Carlton, who arrived at Auckland by the San"' Franoisco ihail on. the 29th May, and wBatoa' ■ in her,to Sydney, related to Mr. Fisher, of the Occidental, an account of a conversation he had at San; Francisco with North, the Wel lington levauterj-shortly after" the former's arrival there, by the last mailboat. Carlton. - said that the first Sunday he /was in San Franoisco- he visited- Woodward's Gardens in' order to see. some sports going, on there, and was 1 surprised' to perceive North in company with a man named Street, who ruuB a large Bdlocn. He , went up and shook hands witihNorth, jrtto, after; the exchange of the..usuah commonplaces, en- ; quired what was thought .of him in New Zea land, when pariton- . replied that he had . completely ruined the sweepstake business there. North appeared to be very jocular, and he several times remarked, in a tone of great glee,'Didn't-1.give them a start _ . _ start? I intended. • some day to doit.'' He professed his willing ness to pay may one. whom he should/ drop . \- across. His wife and family were 109' miles up country. He had cle&red; out of 'Welling ton with £4,600. He waB then on his way to the Cape, and intended in going through the States to lecture on the evil consequences of gambling and the disastrous results entailed on young men by their weakness for. sweeps. He drew attention to the slightly pock-marked appear ance of his face, and in explanation said that/on reaching Honolulu he went ashore and inter viewed the Kir;g, with Whom hei got gloriously drunk. He caught the smallpox, which was ' raging there at the time, and was put'in a peat house, where'he was confined for a month. He asked Carlton to tell his New Zealand friends that he intended ooming hack and giving them : Another turn some day." A paper treating of the water sources of the interior, written by Mr. W, E. Abbott, of Wingen, was lately read by Mr. H. C. Russell before the New South Wales Eoyal Society. Ia the course of his paper Mr. Abbott gave, (reports j. the Australasian) an interesting account of a" curious spring or wellcalled the Caddie, aitu&tad; ten miles east of Mara Creek and fifteen miles south jot the Darling. The well is aitaated ia a country perfectly level, the soil being red clay of ve^y great depth. The Caddie is in toe centre: of a very slight local depression of over a quarter a mile diameter, sloping gradually ho the middle, where the spring is found. When the country was first taken up the place was simply a boghole which never dried up, always, even in the greatest drought, supplying, water! to the aboriginals, but forming a ' dangerous trap for cattle. " In the last draught of 1877 Mr. Yeomans fenced the boggy ground in, and sank a well to the depth of 28 feet in the centre of it, and as he went down found the water rising up from the bottom all the way at the rate of 2,500 gallons per day, or about 100 gallons an hear. When the well hsd reached the depth of 28 feet of course there was an em bankment formed by the clay excavated, some two or three feet high, and it was found tha the water rose over the top of this, so that it was poBBible to convey it to the outside of the enclosure, and so water (took oh the firm ground. Bat the most' remarkable thing was c that from the surface to the fall depth to whioh the well was., snnk the earth was found to be fall of fossil bones in a splendid state of preservation, many of them being beautifully enamelled, as if by some deposiG from the water." These bones, according to Mr. Abbott, include relics of Diprotodons, and the large extinct kangaroos, and some belonging to other speoies have been sent-to Professor Owen for his opinion on them. He' thinks that the Cuddieis worth spending money on merely to ' obtain the bones, and believes that a complete / collection of the bones of all animals inhabiting that part of the colony in present and recent geologioal periods could be obtained there. He also describes openings in the wateroourses in these plains down whioh "great quantities of water pour in flood times and are lost, and infers from this that there must be inexhaustible - supplies of water beneath the surface. " As a specimen of the curious logic by which'people justify to their own minds the lapse from-frea trade to protection, we may ■ refer," says the Australasian," to the odd speeoh made by the Hon. J. Dunn in the Legislative Counoil of South Australia, ia the debate on the address. Mr. Dnnn admitted that he did not know whether he was a free trader or a proteo ' tionist, bnt' on the whole, he feared that per sonally he was leaning towards protection.'' He did not intend to torn round all fof a sadden;' " \- Mr. Dunn preferring to"change what he oalltrhis " . opinions gradually. If we look for' the reason ing Ijy which he makes out the' heed -of . . changing, we find him saying'.that 'protec tion might not: of itself he desirable, but it" , might be necessary., if our/neighbors went in' >for it.' This is-very much like saying it is. not desirable to walk about with hobbles on our ■ feet, qtill if we want to keep up with our neigh bors, who wear them, we. must wear them too. " All bur preaching,'proceeded wise Mr. Dunn,. would not bring our neighbors up to the. free ; ' trade level, so he feared we must drop down to theirs.' In other words, if the effect of precept \\) "' and example would not persuade them .to come \- out of the slough in which they are floundering, the best course is to get in and flounder with them. Then Mr. Dunn went on to twaddle about the establishment of manufac tures by protection- being worth .the cost paid for it, as though he had never heard that free trade 'communities have manufao-' • tures too without' haviDg'"tb pay this price. The Sydney Morning Merald recently thus compared the results- of-the opposite systems in the two colonies- of Victoria-, and New South Wales'In 1877 Victoria had 2,382 manufactories in operation, and' in 1879 theser - hid decreased to 2,285. -In 1877 New -Souths Wales had 2,101- -manufactories in operation, and in 1879 these .had increased 2<639.j In < . * - 1877 the manufactories in Victoria gave em- ^ ployment to 32,271 hands, -and in 71879 the number was-33,067, being an ./increase of 793.^.. -. In. 1877 the manufactories of New South:..;; Wales gave employment; to 24,480 tends, and in 1879 the number employment" was 25,110, r> ; [ being: an increa»e of-680. Sinoe 1877 our un protected manufactures have increased more: . ~ rapidly, in proportion to our population, than< ^ - the protected manufactures of. Victoria, although . the consumers of the" neighboring colony' have;-' -been paying £270,000 a year in the shape of \- protective duties ^.maintain those manufactures, - - -while the consumers -of-New' "South Wales haiVe - '• ?been tree tobpy in the cheapest market. All. this ianew, oftottftojto Mr.-Dtmtfibut sfiil he1 may have, perchancp, heard ;latelyrthat, while the free trade colonies bavd- increased -their 'populations during the , last ten years at the following' rafeftsH-Newt Zealand^91'per <een6,i • i SouthiAustralia 50,per cent., Neyr.,South Wales • v49 per cent.—the protected colony "Of "Victoria phas oqly ffnereasedaV the ; rate of 17 per .cent! * > . Doubtiefc^thexeare 'a^^gb-namber ofpeoplOr-L i even people who"help to make laws and policies —"who do noti,fo£ar. their."- opinions a fly more ■ ., w^ly than Mr^Dpad.l'; ' '- '"t * I t.» -/'.// 