Travel in New Guinea. VISIT TO DELENA AND MAVIA Bt the Bev. W. G. Lawes. July 19, 1881. — Left Port Moresby just before noon' Our party consists of Rev. J. Chalmers, or ' Tamate,' Mrs. Lawes, or ' Misi Haine,' myself, or ' Misi Lao,* ' Bob Samoa, and his newly married wife Tokona, four natives of Port Moresby — Keua, or Granny, Dina, our little servant-girl, Poevaki, and Leikabe— and two boys from South Cape and Heath Island — Johnny and Lakoela. Our intention isto visit Delena, Maiva, and places round Hall Sound, following np the visit of Tamate a month ago. A strong south-east wind soon carried the Harriet to Boera where we anchored about 3 o'clock. The anchorage in this season is a long way from the village, and it took some time to pull ashore in the ship's small boat. The teacher Pili and his wife had made good preparation for us in tbe way which is understood, and appreciated all the world over. After a good tea or dinner, we went for a walk along the beach, where Charlie and I walked four years ago, and then on to the steep hill which forms the headland of the bay in the bight of which Boera stands. It is about 150 feet high. We climbed to the top, and should have had a fine view had it been clear. As it was, we had to take it for granted that the view was really grand. The pull up the hill was certainly good in the way of cxereise to lungs and legs. Our old friend, Captain Bedlich, is buried close to Pili's house. He fell overboard from the Ellengowan about two years 8go, and the body was washed ashore a few days after. The teacher buried it near his own houBe. July 20. — A long rough pull off to the schooner this morning. Under way about 9.30, and were soon running before a strong south-easter at nine knots an hour. There was a heavy sea running, which gave the Harriet a- very dis agreeable motion and stirred up the bilge water most effectually. *VVe anchored in Hall Sound, off the village of Delena, about 3.30 in the afternoon. When Tamate was here he got a house put up and left his whaleboat in charge of the people, with a promise to return soon with us. The whaleboat was soon launched and came off to us well loaded with natives. They seemed glad to see Tamate back and us with him. Misi Haine and I stayed on board while he went ashore with the rest of the party. He returned before dark and reported the house ana all in it untouched and just as he left it. The natives are a rather fine-looking people, the 6ame colour as the Motu tribe. There are some skin diseases and ulcere, as usual, and one man's body is covered with lumps like the knobs on the stone clubs, or like a complete set of rudimentary horns. Hall Sound is a very line harbour, with safe anchorage in both monsoons. The EUengowan used generally to anchor here on her way to and from Cape York. Not far from where we are anchored is the place where the Mayri was lying when Dr. James and Thorngren were killed on board by the natives of .Paitana on the-opposite side of the harbour. July 21. — Went ashore early this morning. The village of Delena is but a small one. The houses are rather different in shape from those at Port Moresby. The roofs are higher and wider at one end than the other. They aro just 'the shape of- the 'spoonbill'' bonnets that were fashionable 20 years ago. The people are really Yule Islanders, but have left Yule Island and come over to the mainland on account of sickness, or, as they say, on account of vatavata (evil spirits). They were driven about by the said ghosts from place to place until at last they Bad to clear out altogether from the island. Yule is a fine and pretty island, well wooded' and watered, but is veVy unhealthy. Both natives and foreigners have abundantly proved this. It is almost deserted now by natives, only one or two families remaining ; many, however, have plantations there, and go across from the mainland, sleeping a few nights on the island. They are all, however, in mortal terror of the vatavatas. Delena, though Liit a small village, is divided into two, and has two distinct languages. One side belongs really to the Motu tribe, and spfeaks the same language as those at Port Moresby ; the cither 6ide belongs to the Roro tribe, who live in many scat tered villages on the western Bide of the harbour. The mission-house stands on a little hill just bfeliind the village. It is in a pretty situation, with fine trees all. round ; !» good many had to be cut down in clearing the site for the Louse. It is built in native style, of wood and thatch, three debrs, and ho windows. The Delena natives built it two jwonths ago, while Tamate was here, and under his super intendence. It is on piles, and is floored with the sides of old canoes, which creak delightfully, so that while indoors we have music wherever we go. Our landing was a great event. Mrs. Lawes was the fiist white woman who has landed or that the people have seen. They are a good deal'puzzled at her dress, and don't seem very sure whether she is a man or a woman. Besides the house we have two tents ; the cooking is all done out of doors. Altogether our establishment is picturesque and uncommon. The natives, however, have never had any thing so grand and stylish in their land ; chairs and tables are out of the question. We have three hammocks, three blankets, and nalf-a-dozen pillows. At mealtimes Dina spreads a newspaper on a box and puts the cups, &c.;, on it. Thev are all metal, but we hope to get plenty to eat and drink off them. We sit round on our pillows, and the natives look with astonishment to see us eating with knives and forks. Thi8afterjioonI,Bob,and two natives went with our guns to'see if we could get anything for the pot. We had a rather lopg walk, but nice and shady. The soil of the planta tions we went through was black and rich, very different from the poor stony ground about Port Moresby. We didn't see mhny birds, so Bob and I parted company. Soon after I got a shot at one of the magnificent goura pigeons. Ho fell, and diiectly after a second, the first birds with my new breech-loader. When we got back our spoils were two goura pigeons, one brush turkey, two jungle fowls, three parrots, and a black cockatoo. After tea we had a crowd of natives up to prayers, and then Misi Haine and Tamate sang to their great delight. They would have liked them to' keep on all night. 1 brought the musical box to their relief ; it never gets tired, nor the natives of listening to it. Ours has a perversity for playing the same tune over and over again, but it makes no difference to the audience. I think though they like the singing best. A smoke of tobacco each sent them home as happy as princes. July 22. — At daybreak, after a cup of coffee, Bob and I went, accompanied by two or three natives, to see what we could get with our guns. We were in hopes of getting a bird of Paradise or two. They are plentiful here at some seasons. Bob is quite a celebrated character. He figures largely in Signor D'Albertis's book. He was with him a ' long time, and is an expert at shooting and skinning birde. j Mr. D'Albertis abuses him terribly in nis book. We had a long walk, and the sun was pretty high when we reached a narrow plain with a steep but not not very high mountain on each side. We could hear the birds of Paradise on some trees halfway up. Bob says, ' You go up this one and I'll go up the other, so that if the birds fly across one vill get them.' 'All right, Bob.' The boys with me protest against going up, saying it is too steep. However, the birds of Paradise are calling, so we start. Alas for boots ! one step up and two down. I take the cartridges out of my gun, and give it to the boys ; but it's no use, boots won't go up and my bare feet can t, so there's nothing for it but to come down and go home. It was a long, sunny walk home, and 11 o'clock before we got back with our solitary bird. Bob arrived soon after with a few Torres Straits pigeons and parrots, but no birds of Paradise and no gouras. We had a visit to-day from a veritable queen. We had heard much of Koloko, Queen of the Naala tribe, 60m Tamate, who made her acquaintance some time ago. Naala isj.only 12 or 15 miles from Delena, and as soon as her Majesty heard we were there she came with her husband «''- a lot of attend ante to see as. She brought presents of betel nuts, bananas, She if a young woman, about 24, nice-look - li J* fife n good figure. Her face is not tatooed, but tot v ao^cut short like the Motu women, a -SI? ter,head. and stands up like a mop mVl4l\v shV«*rs a short nose rtiT a v teeetti and beads, and a pretty, though decHedly short, .grass petticoat. Her teeth Alg frdm chewing the betel nut, of which there is abuuoSaoe at Naala. Her husband came with her ; he is a quiet man as becomes the husband of a queen — a little older perhaps, than she is. All the natives who came with her, as well as those here, pay her great respect, and there's no mistake about her queenship. The musical box had to be started for her edification, bat the o concert didn't begin till after she had gone. She sleeps in the village to- night. After dark, when the concert was over, we lit a big fire close to the house to smoke away the mosquitoes. July 23. — Our Queen returned this morning, and we each FaveT ®.e r a present. Misi Haine dressed her in a fine dress, hot I don't know that 6he looked as well in it as she did without it. She is not above accepting tobacco, nor yet doing a little trade on her own account. They make fine netted bags at Naala, and also the women's dresses or petticoats. Koloko and her husband went on board tho Harriet, and thej did a good stroke of business with the captain and crew. July 24, Sunday. — This morning before breakfast wo ] went down to the village and had service on Kone's dupu. A dupu is a platform or house of public assembly. In ] some places they are fine large houses ; in others, only plat forms. ^ Strangers go to these, and the headmen of tho village sit in them to talk politics or cat feasts. Kone is tbe chief of the Motu side of Delena and our great friend. He is a shrewd, intelligent man, can do the sorcerer busi ness, and is the rain and wind maker of the place. He is, however, one of the most promising men I know. He took to Tamate from the first, had most to do with building the house, and in every way has shown himself our good friend. The house and boat were left in his charge, and since we j arrived he has been with us constantly. The chief of the Roro side is Lavao. He is a finer-looking man than Kone, but not so reliable or trustworthy. He is easily offended, i and goes into 6ulks often. At tbe service the singing was the great attraction. Misi Haine and Tamate were the J enny Lirid and Sims Iteeves of the day. I conducted the service. A few listened and seemed' to understand what was said. The Motu side of the village understand both the Motu and Roro languages ; but the lloroans understand very little of Motu. After service we had a crowd of natives from Roro. Among them Rua, a great sorcerer, a man whom all the natives greatly fear. He is said to keep poisonous snakes in a bamboo ; these he has tamed and handles as pets. We have promised to go and see him, and he says he will show us his snakes. Jenny Lind and Sims Reeves performed all day at intervals before most appreciative audiences, and were repeatedly encored. We had a second service in the village, in the afternoon, at Lavao's dupu, on the Roro side. Tamate conducted the service, ana had prepared a simple hymn in the Roro language. Some of the natives joined in the chorus. We hare a pretty good houseful at prayers every morning and evening, and the people are quiet and attentive. July 25. — After completing our preparations for the jour ney to Mikeo we had to give it up. Kone, who seems to feel responsible for our safety, came this morning and r.d vised us not to go. There were vague native reports about killing us, &c.; . We didn't believe there was any danger, but as we had no particular object in going, thought it would be unwise to persist against the wishes of Kone and bis. friends. The only. real source of danger would be the village of Paitana, past which we should have to go to get to Mikeo. The natives of Paitana are a bad lot. It was they who killed Dr. James and Thorngren. Parnate visited them when he was here two months ago, and made peace with them about the above murders. He was well received, but was hurried away by a friendly chief, and it seems he was in some real danger fromthe relatives of the young man who speared James, and who was shot dead by niin. Now they have killed three men from Lese in in the Elema district, and are in expectation of retaliation. They have left their village, it is said, and no one seems to know just where they are. We have decided to give, up Mikeo for the present and go to Maiva, as the weather looks tine and settled. Several Maiva canoes came in to-day. They are a fine-looking people, and some of the boys and young men are great swells. They do the tight lacing in this part of the world. They wear a bark waistband about 4in. wide, which they draw in fearfully tight. I did not measure them ; but two or three Tads must have drawn their belts in to 18 or 20 inches. They wear no end of streamers, armlets, anklets, &c.;, rub their bodies over with red pigment, and then oil it. They look like a piece of of bright mahogany French polished. July 26. — As soon as it was light we were ready to start for Maiva. One of the chiefs, Milia, came in the night, and went with «s as pilot, &c.; Just as we started we met a canoe from Roto, with a chief, Rauma, on board. He was coming in to see us and take us to Roro. Ho pitched into Milia for taking us away to Maiva. We promised to call at his village on our way to Maiva. and told him to get in our boat and go with us. We called at the Bhip for the steward, Jack, who had asked to go with us to see Maiva. Our party consists of our three selves, Kone, the two Port Moresby men, three Delena boys, Jack, and Granny. Johnny, too, is with us, but we left Bob and his wife, with Dina and Lakoela, to look after the house, &c.;, at Delena. Maiva is to the west of Hall Sound, and is exposed, with no protecting reef, to the full force jof the S.E. wind, so that it is impossible to land in a boat when the S.E. is blowing strong. This morning the sea was quite smooth, and there was no wind until we reached Roro. Under Rauma's guidance, we landed on the beach near which he said was his village. We were all going, but We found the road was through a swamp, with water and mud up to the knees, so Misi Haine Btayed with Jack and some of the natives on tbe beach, while Tamate and I took off our shoes and stockings and went with Rauma to the village. We readied it in about 20 minutes, and had a warm and lively reception from crowds of hungry mosquitoes. These were almost the only signs of life we saw. The village is a moderate-Bized one, but has a very deserted look. The chief told us the people were all away making plantations at Lavao and elsewhere; but that vatavata had killed a great many. We saw only about 20 people altogether. We waited while Rauma gathered and husked some cocoanute, but to sit or stand still was im possible ; the ' skeeters ' had surely never tasted white man before. They seemed to appreciate the change in diet more than we did their attentions. We were glad to return to the boat and get out to sea again. The S.E. wind came down, and we sailed pleasantly until we got near Maiva, when the swell from the open sea made it less comfortable. The weather, however, was fine, and though we could see and hear the line of breakers all along the stretch of beach, yet it was, for Maiva, at this season of the year, smooth. Milia piloted us in to the best landing-place, and a few minutes' nard rowing, with Jack's cautious steering, brought ub safely to the beach. As soon as the boat touched we were surrounded by a crowd of natives, who dragged the boat up on the beach above high- water mark. Milia's village was dose to the landing-place, and so we ad journed to his dupu, surrounded Dy an admiring crowd. We had brought Bome food with us, and were quite ready for it after four hours in the boat We had a good break fast with plenty of young cocoanute, and then rested for an hour or two. There was plenty of jabbering all around and an incessant rattling of the chunam bottles as they all chewed the betel-nut. This chewing is a great institution all along the coast of New Guinea and inland too. The red mouths and black teeth of the Maivaites testify to the j quantity of betel-nut in their district. It won't grow at Port Moresby, but the people are most eager to get it ; those with us enjoy the treat of an unlimited supply. There are three ingredients necessary. 1. The fruit of the Arecapalm— a nut about the size and shape of a nutmeg, enclosed in a fibrous husk. 2. The barkj leaf, or catkin of the Betel pepper. And 3. Quick lime, or chunam. This last is generally carried in a dried gourd, mors or lees orna mented, and has a small stick fitting loosefy in the mouth, with a shoulder at the thick end to prevent it slipping into the bottle ; the long end reaches nearly to the bottom of the gourd, while the handle, or large end, is generally decorated and often carved. As they chew they keep dipping the stick in the lime, the large part rattling on the end of the gourd. This is rare music in New Guinea ears, and as the chewers talk and get excited the rattling of the lime sticks becomes 11 ore and more vigorous. After a good rest in M0ia'6 dupu, we Btarted for the village of whida Meauri is chief. We passed through several villages on our way, and in about half an hour reached the village, where the dupu was ready for our reception. Meauri is quite a young man. His father, Oa, was the great chief of Maiva ; he was a peacemaker, and established friendly relations with many tribes : he often went to Port Moresby, and almost directly after his return from there the last time sickened and died. The Port Moresby people have been afraid to come to Maiva since, lest the people should suppose they were the cause of Oa a death and retaliate upon them. Oa was Tamate's great friend, and one of the first things we did after our arrival was to visit his grave and put some presents on it. He w buried in his own house, and by the grave his ulactencu widow con6tantlv sits and always sleeps. The dupu 10 which we were brought was the largest and finest 1 liavo seen in New Guinea. It is about 120 feet long by 24 feet wide and 20 feet high. It is thatched right down to the eround. The entrance is at the end and is closed by a thick curtain made of the sago palm leaf. This is split up into fine shreds, and forms a thick heavy fringe S icet deep by about 1 foot thick. This effectually closes the entrance against wind and mosquitoes, and has only to be tied up in bundles to leave an open door. It is clean, very pretty, and smells nice. Inside the dupu are several platforms made of tho sago palm midribs. An open space is left at the entrance for tires, (Sire. 1 here is no window, only two or three small holes in the thatch on * level with the main platform. The posts are aU rudely carved, and each, I believe, is named. A fine one at tne entrance has a crocodile, very well carved, lifesize on the inside. This was done by Oa, just before his death, and named by him Tamate. On one side of the dupu was a little enclosed space, about big enough for a man to stand in. This, we were told, was vatavatas' house ; and just before we arrived some charms, &c.;, were taken out lest we should see them and be ill. All our traps and baggage were put in the dupu, and we took up our abode in it. At particular times it is sacred to women and children. When Tamate was here before he only of the party was allowed to sleep in it. A strange custom prevails at Maiva in reference to these dupus. The men of the village live in the dupu for about two months. There seems to be no re striction as to who shall go ; young men as well as old ones, unmarried as well as married, being among them. But when they have entered the dupu they are strictly sacred — they must not see the face of a woman. The dupu at this time is profusely decorated, and no woman's eye must see the interior. A piece of ground round the building is fenced off on one side, and beyonji that none of the inmates go. The women cook food, and the holes in the thatch at the sides are for putting the food in, but the women only put their arms in ; they neither look nor speak. So complete is the isolation that when any of the* inmates die during their seclusion they are buried under the dupu, and their relatives know nothing of it until the others emerge without thein. In the same way, if wife, sister, or child dies in the village, nothing is known of it in the dupu until the taboo is over. After some two months' seclusion, a great feast is made, and the men come out profusely decorated. The object of this ceremony I could not find out. After tea we visited some other of the Maiva villages. There are 16 in all in Maiva proper, but several others at a little distance. A small creek runs a short distance inland. There is a belt of cocoa nut trees along the coast, and on the bank of this creek and under these the villages are placed. They are only a short distance from each other, but as the soil is all sand walking is very tedious and tiring. The houses are well built on two sides of a street, while a dupu generally stands at one end. The street is kept very clean all the rubbish is picked up, and beautiful crotons and dracsenas are culti vated near the houses. The people are very numerous, and seem healthy, although it is said that Maiva abounds in vatavatas, which really means that there is much sickness. 'J hey know nothing of disease in New Guinea, and when a man is ill and dies it is always said that ' vata ' oY ' vata vata' kills him. As we went through the villages a great crowd gathered about us, but they were peaceful and respectful. Misi Haine was the first white woman that had been to Maiva or seen by the natives, and every where the shout was, ' Babine ! Babine!' (a woman, a woman) ; but they seemed rather in credulous ,* they evidently were puzzled by the clothes, and didn't seem at all sure whether she was a woman, man, or something else. Some were frightened, and one old woman, trembling all over, put her 'hands on Misi Haine's, and exolaimed, ' Maino ! maino !' (peace, peace). The men are well formed and . finely shaped ; the women, many of them, would be pretty if their faces were not so disfigured by the tattooing. It is quite different from the Port Moresby pattern. Their- hair is not cropped short like the Motu women. After dark we had quite a levee in the dupu. We had prayers in the Motu language ; the singing interested the people very much, especially when Misi Haine and Tamate did the Sims Reeves wnd Jenny Lind business. It was a wild, weird sight, — the crowd of natives in the fire light in the grandest style of savage evening dress, or rather adornment. After the crowd had gone we gave a present to each of the chiefs who live near and are our best friends. Besides Meauri, there are Ana, Umi, Paru, Rua, Makani, and others. Meauri had six wives. One displeased him, and he dis missed her, and the same day he had 10 applications from young-ladies to fill the vacancy ! We heard, however, that they had now all run away but one. He has one little girl, of whom he seems very fond, and which in honour of our visit he has named ' Misi Haine.' Our visitors gradually left, and at last we turned in to our hammockB, glad of quiet and rest. (To be continued.) 