BROKEN ON THE " WHEEL; -;• '• OB, ; - ' THE STORY OE A WIFE; A NEW NOVEL. ;by wm, o. honeyman, (Author of "For Fame? "IMyjthe IAnt~ i'- white," "jBase Coin" 8^0, [Published , by special srraiigement with the . Author. All Bights Reserved.] Chapter XIII.—" Thou art the Man.' Thornley turned with a .powerful start, so sudden had been Dan's approach, hut he calmed down quickly when the clear moon light revealed only the familiar: features of the. surly gioom. A moment more and the troubled look came back to his; pale, in scrutable face. There was a rude arrogance inrDan's tone sounlike his. usual sulky cringing thatset his heart beating with an inBtineUye foreboding-of evil. * . "Say-.awaythen, Dan," he said,stepping shortandaffectingto yawn. "It is late now, and I am very tired." ^'Not here," said Dan, leaving out the obsequious "sir;" and speaking more like & commander than a suppliant. " Some one might -be listening, and that would be dangerous—for you." The last two words were so significantly, uttered that Thornley stood staring keenly. and.searchingly into.: Dan!s heavy features - for a:fidl:moment in silence.: ^Formp?" he echoed .at last, with the m^est trace of agitation discernible in his tones. " What do you mean by that ? Am I in danger ?" *'You know you are," said Dan boldly, returning the keen stare; with interest. "Fve been watching you ever since you came to Sunny Sank to-day when: you was sent for. .Your face was quiet and pious, and everybody said-how good and kind you - was, hut I looked through it .all, better them even, the senseless dpff did,--and':I've ■; -Come to talk to you." .. . . " I shall he glad to hear . anything - you may wish to say," said Thornley. " Every one is evidently in bed here, but you may come, in." • - < fie -quietly opened; the gate and strode up^fiiejpath to the porch; of.'the manse, and[I)an follpwefi,grimiing to:himself in tridmph, ; . . : - 'flknew.he'd cave in.; I knew. he. was - a rmimahle coward ,;at :the. best," was his mental..comment. "If I .don't.;pay him offc^tpitnre him and.wringrthe very heart's hlqpjd out of him—msy l die in the place he shoxdji occupy, that's, all." Thornley. admitted himself with - a latchr key, and led the way to his sendy, merely glancmg down impatiently ■ when Dan's heavy hobnails made more, noise om.the . floor than .was desirable at such a . late hour.-..; ; v: . In .the study, when,;; a light had been struck and the door closed,Thornley pointed coldly to a roomy, softly-cushioned morocco covered .chair, in which many a sermon had been composed, which Dan proceeded with great zest to occupy. . Then the./minister planted himseif in front of the empty fire- ' place,,and proceeded to thoughtfully , trim his nails with a pen-khife, leaving his ;rude visitor, to shape words and begin his stater ments entinly unassisted.. :: Dan understood the^mpve, perfectly,; but only .chuckled xopghly, and blurfed outrr- . . ^They're all lamenting ;Dr, Malcolm's death,' and the accident that did it. It wasn't ho accident." The pretty pen-knife shook a little in the minister's hand, hut his iron set features. remained unchanged. , ■ "indeed?. How so ?" : ^You're overdping - that, minister,": said Dan/ impatiently,; "for if you: didn't know aUnboutltjy ou'dbaye -jumpedupandsaid, ' Qoodbieavens! you don't, say so?' or some ricYl thine. ' Ton re RmiftATfthlo haVI ontn. » rich thing. You7xe a miserable bad actor." "Goon, please," said Thornley, losing" his cahnness somewhat..Let-.the abuse stand aside fora little, andgiveus the argu ment. What makes you think it Was ho accident ?"- — A message which I had from Dr. Mal colm himself." ' : '• ; "From the land of spirits^. I _§uppose ?" said Thornley, with a sneer. "No, from the land of- the-living," snap pishly retorted Dan. "The doctor wasn'c killed dead at once, as you ought-to know. Factj he only died :whenl lifted hiih off theaharp stones where I found him,"-.: . ; t . "."Well?" Thornley's cahnnesswas all gone notv-|~the pen-knife neglected in his handy and his scared glancbflzed oh Dan's face. . - •? Yon know ? what a 'clever head that pony," Mary, had,"like all. horses that have. been in a circus^" continued Dan; impres sively. "It was her, in fact, that showed me where the doctor was lying! Well, when she came in firstr-all of a tremble,' and' stood at her stable door-waiting for me to let her in, there was a paper fastened to the reins, with a message on it." " A message on it ? I don't believe it 1" shouted Thornley, in a paroxysm of passion. " What was. it written with ?" " A dying man's finger," "cried Dan, lean ing, forward in great excitement, andchain ing Thornley with his eyes. '' Shall-1 show you what the message-was like?" Thorpley nodded faintly, holding hard by: the mantelpiece, and staring at Dan with distended eyes. ' Then thp groom quickly approached the pretty presentation .ink stand' on the table; snatching up a sheet of sermon .paper as he did so, and chucking open the lid of*one of the cut crystal iri£ bottles containing red ink, -he coolly.dipped' in his thick finger, saying—" The message waa writteh;in red> but it was blood in stead of ink. I've got the paper safe some where, hut 111 make you'a copy," and with methedical slowness, while xhornley bent forward, with eyes protruding and hands , clasped, -like.a statue of fear and . despair,. Dan slowly traced three words, and then heldthem.up;to the light, where they read thus:— . " MuAdeeed by Thobnxey," The sight of the'three great clumsy words in;£rimsqn wM,toq much fpr Thornley^ His. tottering knees gaye ' wayjV.apd.THe pextj monieht he w£^*cqwering,.Cwith Covered" eyes, op the hearth-rng, with a -deepfgroan of-contritiopi which'jmade his accuser open biseyes in astonishment. 1 1 ( \ V "Idid not mean to Mil the old man; or even to lay hands on him," , groaned the stricken man. " I could swear that before God." " Everybody that is had up and hanged has some story of that kind to tell," said Dan, remorselessly. " You did it, and Dr. Malcolm, with his last bit of strength, declared you did it, and that's enough to convict you." ; " Mercy, Dan, mercy 1" cried Tfioridey, scrambling across the carpet on his knees, and clasping the rough groom desperately round the legs. " No one knows of this unfortunate encounter hut you. Have mercy on me and let it remain a secret." Mercy on you, you villain 1 What mercy did you show to me ?" retorted Dan, becoming suddenly infuriated, and hurling the clinging arms from him with resistless force. " I'm not all bad as people think. I felt like turning over a new leaf, and pulling up and being a steady, well-doing man, when I got to know Maggie Forest. I never knew what it was to care for a girl till I met her. Her soft words and her devotion and goodness made me her slave, and she could have twisted me round her little finger—made me a different man, when you, you white-livered traitor, got me had up for poaching; and then when I was in prison, unable to pay the. fine, you set her agen me with your smooth tongue; said she would never be out of misery if she had me; . and ehe went away and died before I had the chance to put,things right. I had it all fromherin the letter she wrote before she died.; You know it's true." ? I know it is. true," faintly returned the grovelling; man, ." and I,am sorry; for the mischief j have done." ' " But you did it—coolly and deliberately —and all out of revenge, because I had spoken against you, and called; you the villain you are; thinking you. would" crush . me, and get. me. to .leave the ;place," furiously continued Dan. /'But I didn't leave the place—rl waited and watched for the time to. come when I could pay you back, and now I've got the chance, and mean to use it." " You mean to denounce me ?" " No; what good would that do to me ? You'd soon be dead, while I must live on,: moping and thinking what I might have, been. -No; that wouldn't satisfy me. I must have my full swing of revenge—give you as "much as you've given me. From this night you're to be my slaye—do you hear me?—-my slave I Nobody saw the. message come with the pony but little Joey, Jim Jenkins's hoy, and he has no idea that it was a message. The secret is mine,; and mine only, and I mean to torture you ' as long as ever I can, and then when you're nearly dead with it denounce you after all! That s my revenge," and to illustrate his power Dan crossed the room and Mcked the cowering minister with all his strength, and then 'said imperatively, " You're "my dave, mind! Kiss my boot, you villaip-— kiss it quick, or I may change my mind and denounce you now!" Dan had stumbled on the word "slave" by the merest accident, but if he had been familiar with every one in the language he could not have chosen one more expres sive. With a whine of gratitude the stricken man crawled forward on the car pet, in obedience to the groom's imperative command, and, stooping down, kissed abjectly the coarse, hobnailed, and muddy hoot whose weight he had felt a moment before. " I will do anything for secrecy and to atone for the wrong I have: done you," he brokenly said, without raising his. eyes. MI will be rich shortly-!—that ia, when I am married—and any reasonable sum which you choose to name I will- give" cheerfully." Dan, who had exacted the humiliating, tribute merely out of a mischievous spirit cif bravado which inspired him at the mo ment, turned away almost sickened-with disgust at! the cringing concession and tempting promise. j " I'd have respected, you more if you'd got up and tried to hit me in the face," he growled, with intense loathing. 1 "I didn't believe till now that sich a miserable coward crawled the earth. But look? yout though I hate you for all you've" done to me, I'm not going to bring myself down to your level. Don't think it! Dan Lester's" a brute, maybe, as I've often'heard folks say, and ignorant,"'and everything that's bad, but he isn't down so far as'to finger a penny of the money you've murdered for. No ! keep the money you get with Miss I. Hilda! use it as you please, but don't dare again to offer me a penny of it. How you can bring yourself to make that inno cent girl yeur wff®* after taking the life of her poor old father——" " Hush, Dan! for heaven's sake," cried Thornley, starting up and laying a pleading hand on Dan'k moleskins. " Hush ? some one might"hear!" ; " Well, though they did hear, what |i would it matter to me," said" Dan, with : supreme cohtempt. " Don't know hut I. what I should give Miss Hilda a hint as to |. the kind of husband she's going to get; just to save her. If she marries you, and then finds.outwhat you've done, finds that she's tied to the man who killed her father, Bhe'll have a nice happy lot." ! " No, no, Dan! You- said you would spare me, cried Thornley, again wringing kis hands. " Let the past be buried. I am hot so Wicked—I have only, beenunfortu hate, and have let myself drift with the current instead of boldly fighting it.-1 will atone for all ih goodness-and kindness to her ; for she is the" only being I ever loved. Yon can understand that ; you that have lost one. You would not have her and me to suffer as you have done ?" ! " I would have you to suffer worse'than any torture which can come after you're dead!" said Dan, with rekindling fury," and1 I will make you suffer iti ' But her? I don't know What I "may; do about her, sind I'll never'tell. yoU" either till it's done.; I'll haunt, you like a shadow, and maybe nip .the prize 'out of your teeth, the moment you think you're going to grasp it. I've ho .spite agen Miss Hilda, goodness knows, for she never gave me a hard word or a sour "look; and that's saying a lot." j " But you will have' mercy and keep the secret from her," iterated the clergyman. "Twill support you for life—do anything you demand." "Of course, you'll support me—keep me ■with bipod on it; but I must he close to.. you every day of your life, to he able .to threaten and torture you. I wonder how many years of it you'll stand P" ' Such a look ot diabolical exultation passed across Dan's face, Ob. he threw out the conjecture, that. Thornley shuddered and mentally repeateid the question to him self,; The merest Whim of his tormentor might at any moment rain him; his whole • life would he a continual dread; and there was no ^demand, however absurd or in • satiable, which Dan might make to which he must not slavishly accede, " There is no mercy in that, Dan," he faintly remonstrated at last. " It will he a living death to me." MYes, and. that's only. fair," said Dan, harshly. " I don't make ho professions of mercy; I ask no price for my silence; so you can take .the chance or. throw it off; whichever suits you best. _ My whole life has been spoiled-by you; it's only fair that yours should: /he spoiled by me, Could anything.be fairer than that." ; ; " YeB; that is hot the, Christian way of retaliating," said Thornley, for a moment forgetting himself ■ and speaking. glibly, as if admonishing one of - his parishioners.. "You could act fairer by returning good for evil." " Shut up now! None of that nonsense' wi' me; I can stand anything but preachy, ing from you, and I shall never see you lift your hands to preach but I shall think I see the blood dripping off them!" exclaimed Dan, with hands upraised in manifest dis gUBt. "If it waB little Joey now—inno cent, soft- speaking little Joey, reading the: thing out of one of his storybooks—I. could listen to it, and maybe try to put it in practice, but I can't do that with you, wicked body and soul, and I only came here to-night and waited for you so that you shouldn't have one single sound sleep with-, out the haunting thought of me knowing all about your crime, and being ready at any moment to shout it out to the police and everybody. Good-night. I hope if there's such things as ghosts or haunting spirits that Dr. Malcolm will come to your bedside and stand there all night, with a wet finger trying to write his message on your forehead, so that every one may read it there." " It is only when you have intended to kill that it is called murder," feebly returned . Thornley, shivering under the denunciation. " If you will listen for a moment I will tell you how it happened." " Don't," said Dan, shortly and determin edly. " I won't listen to it. I've enough of your horrible secret on my mind already. I'm. not accustomed to keeping secrets. I plump everything out straight, and I don't believe that, even for the sake of punishing you, I shall be able to keep this one above a week, so make the most of your time. . Live . every day as if it was your last one in free dom, and be sure that the moment you commit suicide : the whole truth will be '] told." •• ' "You are merciless as Satan," 'said Thornley, witli a deep sigh. : "Yes,I'm a devil-ror father I had so much" of the devil in me; that it only needed developing, and you did that," retorted Dani bitterly. " Little Joey read "me a story one day about Cain and his brother.' Cain killed him, hilt they didn't hang Cain j for" it. They-weren't civilised "ehough then. Cain was allowed to live, but I'm thinking \- that punished him more. You Can live for , a while, but y ou're my slave, and by — I won't spare thewhip." Dan's hand was on the door handle of the study as he spoke, and without waiting for ,a reply he flung open the door and stalked , out along the dimly-lighted lobby. Thornley .followed deferentially to open the outer; . door, but Dan banged it open unaided. Then • the clergyman timidly proffered a white 'hand,.which gesture .Dan answered with , one flashing look of anger . and . scorn, and then, -vnthbut .once touching tha trembling fingers, he strode, down the walk and out at the, gate without anqtherword or look hack, ; Dan did not feel , nearly so calm as he looked. He had spoken the simple truth when he said he was not accustomed to; keeping secrets. His . rough, : untutored, nature chafed under the restraint, and into : this feeling had now entered another ele ment. Deep down in the man's heart, almost buried and choked by the grinding of poverty and its thousand wrongs real or imaginary, was a something susceptible to gentle influences—a single, tender. spot, which no bitterness had been able to harden. Dan affected to laugh at the soft? ness, and often cursed himself heartily for, , it, but there it remained and asserted, its tiny sway in common with the fiercest of passions burning in his breast, i Dan, therefore, turned, away from + the manse more powerfully agitated than he had dreamt of being while hotly pouring out his thoughts to fljhornleyj, and the cause of it all was the allusion to Hilda, • "I can't go home, to bed just yet; I must walk a bit, or there's no sleep for me," was; his excited resolve, as he got outhis pipe and almost hit thrqugh the stem in lighting it. Then he • wandered on to the other side., of Braefoot Glen, where he paced up. and, down the path by the stream in the calm moonlight, glancing lip at the darkened windows of Sunny Bank, and quite unable to. get one of its in . mates out of his thoughts^. \' ; | He had no ill-will at Hilda, and tiiat was a deal for Dan to admit, for in his .blind and. -impulsive passion he was apt to take alights that w®re. never intended, and to nurse hatred against dozens who never once had their thoughts directed to Mm, Nay, more than that, he remembered when first , . Dr. Malcolm had bought the peny, and. he ! himself had gone to the house tq ask the job of looking after it ;lhe; had been asked into the'sitting-room, where Hilda sat em broideringwhile her father read, and there been told with evident, reluctance by the ; old doctor that he. thought Jim Jenkins \- would be able tolook after the pony. Then he was turning away witb a clumsy, .bow an inward sinking of the spirits, when Hilda looked up,, with sympathy, beaming in her bright eyes and a sudden "Oh, papa," which ended in a long whisper with her father, at the conclusion of which Dan was abruptly told that he would be taken on if he thought he could fill up his time with other work, . " Miss Hilda did that:—I know she did —for the doctor couldn't refuse her no thing," was Dan's present moody , thought as he paced the path by .the stream; "and then she's always been kind, and pleasant, though she knows I've been in prison through her sweetheart over there. .No, I've nothing agen her that I mind of-^-fact I don't know whether 'twould he; just the thipg to let the villain get such a nice lass just, to make her miserable. -But then to tell ? her everything would be to expose him and do me out of my revenge, for she wouldn't take a hint or my word for it. Wimen folks always wants to get to the bottom of a thing, and they generally has their own ; way. But maybe the match mightn't come ; off; them things often.:falls through on the very day fixed for the marriage. Loyers axe never done quarrelling. I'd better wait a bit and see.; When you can't do right, do as near it as possible." With this consoling reflection Dan walked,slowly homo to his den at the hack of the stable, but on .the way a new care assailed him—the safety, of the crimson record. TJp to this moment he had carried it for safety about his person, hut now he reasoned that the slightest misadventure might deprive him of it. Thornley he did not fear openly, but Thornley was a coward," and all cowards is treacherous," was Dan's concluding comment. " Even if I showed the paper, and brought Joey to prove how it was foqnd, they'd doubt me owing to py spite agen the minister; but without it they'd either laugh at me or clap. me in gaol for. libel. If Thornley gets desperate there's no saying what he might try, so I'd better put it in a safe place." Full of this idea, Dan no sooner got home than he hunted out an old tin coffee canister, into wMeh he shut the valuable paper. Then, sitting down at his table, .he slowly and painfully, scrawled out. the. fol-; lowing statement, which he placed beside the message of the dying man "The paper in this box. was found by me twisted round the reins when the pony, Mary, came back without Dr. Malcolm. Joey Jenkins saw me find, it. It, was wrote by the doctor ■ when he felt himself dy ing, and I told Thorn ley, the minister, what I had discovered, and he aidtft deny that he had killed the doctor. All this I swear to be true, and nothing but the trutb, same's I was in conrt. (Signed) " Daniel Lestee, " Sometimes called4 Dan."' Then Dan prised up one of the flagstones ; forming the floor of his den, placed the tin , canister with its valuable contents in the cavity, beneath, and haying cut a rude cross on the stone with a chisel and hammer, : wtmt/to dept, . ^eqp .ot.J the just, at least a more peaceful sleep than that; of the occupant of the much more luxurious manse at 'the other end of the Tillage. 