ETGIITEEN TEiBS ALONE. '?*. U1M or IBB rACU-IO. : OHAFTEB I. Or ibe rroup eommonlj o»llfd the 8»»U Btrbin IsUnds, so vttr the mtln-Und that «? the mip they seem mere wombs of the Putts eosst, IIUls is known even by CillfomUn-. Seareely an Anurtou but his retd ot the troptoj IsUnds where the mytUoel Eoblnsoo Ornsoe ens wnoked, ret few persons know that ever the desolate steeps of a ntarcr isltad of the same vatl *ea bang the mystery, the htrru and th» pathos of a story|ot » captive woman ; a story, It it eould be folly toW, more thrUllng than tt»» of Orosae,! bawiueh at om la fieUon, she other fasti one, the supposed exploits of* hardy nun, the other, the real desohtioB of a suffering woman j one, the tele ot a (narlaar whom the water* fang agtlo.ti.Us will into a mmmer-laad, tbe other, «f one who nUntarUy bieatUd the waves, and fought death. In rseponte to the hlghnt love of whloh the human heart it capable. Vie .Santa Bsrbaia IsUnds, on one of whloh this rtnen ronunoe wss eatettd. Ue to the aonthiPHd of Santa Barbara channel, Ae-neuesl ot tbegroap being about twenty five mUes dbtsnl bom the nala-Uad. The names of tbe .Itltnds are Ansospt, Stnta toM, Sra irigAel, flmta. Gnu, Suta 0»Ullo», 8-n CSsmtnte, Stnta Barbara, Btn ffioolat. They are now uninhabited, and nave been so for rears.- Tbe Islsnds nearsr theeo»stireus/-df«-hsep-grs«lnxj astll oeat carries over the shearers and brings htek ths wooL^The mere distant are known te trappers at fine beds of otter and seal. The ett-lloM and Mn-tlspbintt In lbs OenttnnUI Etpotltlon, Mew xotk Aamrlnm and Olnoin-' natl Zoologlotl OsMens were ltssoed off tbe oatb/log Itluds of tbe BsbU Barbers groop. Boats visit the bushes tor obeloaes, the mttt of which it dried and shipped 'to Obint for food, while the shells (Holiottt tpUniau, HoKotii ntfuemi and Ealiotit enuheroHi), sold at an avenge price 'of fifty delta* per ton at the 8tn F«nolioo wboif, are bought by dealers lu rnulm thtllt, eut into ewellry Io be soli to tourists, or shipped Io Enrops, to be minufutnred into buttons aid other pe*rl oreaments. Bxeiptlng the oeoaijaoal otmpt of thesrers, seal-hunters and abalone-pielurs, thelsluidi are totally deseried. Yet, wild end desolate as they now are, Oibrillo esys ibat in the fifteenth esntorv tuey were dsniely peopled bj a tupsrlor tees, and tbitt tbt mtin-land wss dotted by vUluei. The children ot Ike islanders are described by early nivigttors at being ' white, with light hslr tnd ruddy cheeks,' and tbt women as having ' fine fotms, besutiful eyei and a modett. demstnoar.' Tbe men wore loots elosks, Ibe women dressed in petUeosts and etpes ol se»l-ikin, betvily fringed and hind tomely otnamtnted. The more Industrious end wealthy embroidered their gtrmsnls with pearl and smsll pink shells. Ntoklust ol sparklidg itones and etrven ivory were worn by Ibe higher outs, and ear-ringi ol ris-hued abslone were not nnoommon. They cooked their food In sospitone vessels, or lu water heated by dropping hot stones into water-tight baskets. Beniroil, In his ' Native Emm,' mentions, among trtUlet ol their mtnnlsotore, needles, awls and fish hooki ol bone or sbell ; water-tight baskets, olUs of stone, and etnoei, deep and long, with both stem and stern equally elivated above Ibe water. Fletcher wrote ot lbs coast when he visited it with Sir Frsndi Drake in 1879, In Ibe year 16W, OabrUlo bnded at what is now known as 8sn Mignel.and ebrittsnsd it r»«l d,Po$aim. Ht died on tht island In 1MB, and Is buried in Us sands. Going bask still further in our sesnh, we find that bslore the Banish fleet, Blr Frtnels Drake or Oibrillo ever visited the eosit, Ibe villages thereon were thrifty and popu lous tnd tbe isles ol Ibe set swarming cities ol the period. . Of Btn NIooUi, on whloh the soeaes of this wild romtnee are laid, very little h»t been known until a recent date. It It Ibe outermost ot tbe group, distant seventy miles from the 'coiit, end thirty miles. aw»y from Us nearest neighbour.. It Is thought to btve been at one time the abode of a people differing in manners, babltt and mode of life from tbe inbtbitsnls both ol Ibe main land and tbe neighbouring islands. Mons. De Oeaias, a gentlemen engaged In collect ing arobaiologioal specimens* for the Frensb Government, ssjs that lbs relies found by him on San Nicolas are more elaborate in (orm and finish, and sbow a superiority o! workmanship. This testimony tends to eon firm ibe story of tbo early voyagers concern ing the ooliivstion snd remarkable lisle ol Ibe handsome dwellers in Gba-lts-hat, centuries ago. Mons. De Cetaao has found also upon San Nleolae articles ol warfare aid domestic tut, evidently belonging to a northern tribe, similar to those picked np by him on the borders ol Alaska. Hanes, bs inters that Ibe place was at on time tbe dwelling of north country tribes. . . Corroborating Hone. Da Osssso's opinion, setroh through ancient manuscript net brought io light tbe ftot that, many yean ago, a ship belonging to Pope and Botidmtn, jot- Boston, and commanded by one Ospttln Whitman, brought down Iran Silks a lot oi Kodlakt ferine purpose ol otter-banting ou Ban Nieobs Island. They were left npon the island, end jean of feud resulted In ? mas sacre, in .which every grown male islander was kilted by the powerful and well-armed Kodltki. 'The women ware taken by tbe victors, lived with them as wives, and bore obildren to the murderers ot their husbands and fathers.* The ftot is recorded that Ibe Inhabitant! ot- Ban Nloolu faded awty strangely and rapidly, so that, in 1880, lets than two score men, women end .eblldren re mained ol the ones dense population. Meantime, Frandtotn zealots poured from ths south ol Europe into Amerioa, ana, under lead ef Father Jnnlpero Bern, found their way up the oostt, baUding ehnrohel beside the sea, planting gardens of olive snd palm, making squeduete and altars, founding a kingdom ol temporal and spiritual splendour, whloh leaves to Protestant America tbe names of saints let indelibly on every stream, headland and Mead along the sbnUtem slope ol the Paolflc It wet tbe tfawn of a temporary eivilissUon, Imposing and wonderful, a cirilisaUon whose rums are most artUtlo and fatdnaUng. The missionaries pressed the Inlians into serriat, -They set them to tilling tbe soil, herding Ihe flookt and «.aarrying the nek, Thseoart Indlant having besnpulto labour, lbs thrifty paarss turned their gaae'lo tbe H«Ht Iln Vue^ofasg, and brought -'tef tbe mtin-lsnd nsuople from Santa Ben, Sen MigoeL BaSt»'Smiand Banta Ostalin*. ThemoreuirtanVlslandotBan Kleolat was Ult a wbQelo repose Inittfaealhsn dartaeM. How tftalrt jrcgreMsd during that . Urns on the Island **, baveVao eeeonnt At.thlt day ths queen isle of Qha-Ias4i*l lbs ban and silent as a tombamlail jhe'Sa, InthUd«Hrted«po(,Ioi^leen3taM, a human Uh^livsdtuonsv, Here the wts foMd at Uit by fishermen who *re Jiving, andrwhote amdavit*, TBmeriy MtneMO, stamp as true evwy detail ot the isjnark ,4-.- -:.- :;-' ,;.CH*?T*Mk . ''???:' '''? JiloSTSiriMe.lsaaeSptdniattd tanrto li. Bnrton, Americans, ahartered ? sebooser othrentyloubiu^teoHe^^ '; : .'' r- '.'''. ?' '..:v';'- '. ?_♦' ' ? ?b' lower Osllfcnta cesi', Tbe venal wsr o-°oed bj u lltli Bp«iila-D|of UoiiUrry.tnA *u ediuuitii-Ml l-y Oiftilo Otar,.j Huh lui. Toe teuoontfr bv* ibe name JVor M tiiia, end sue sterted out el Banta Barbara Uaibour on a fine April moraine, iJllowsd by the wyet «i the entire population. In thus times tbe tight of a sailini vessel we* not an evary-dey oesarrenes. It drew the men Io the Weeh, the women Io tbe ease monts,tn4 attneteatlhe Man from their usual meditative gut on ground or book. For hours previous to the depsrture ol the tchcontr, tbe earring stretch of sand hid been alive with radon horsemen and laty ptdstttiMs, eiohangut, In fiptniih, wotdt ot praise eoftosmlng ihsir vUlter. After a aacotcifuTenilPt, the Aer h 4*«t» same, three months later, Into the more southerly harbrar of San radio, unloaded btr pelts, and immediately, udtr dlreoUen of Capuin WlUlams, eeUtcter of the port, , eat taU for San Mleclat te bring the islanders to the main-land, in aanrdiaw with tbawUlettbeeBUNhfattMrs. Beteralhei reached their dssllmtion a sadden gale atme up, rising aimott to the severity of » tempsal. Tat wlnde-wUeb by the SanU Ywt mountains ate dafletttd from the valltys ef the souther*. eoesV-ftnek with toll twee upon the upper end ef Baa Nloolu, lashing ibe iboif wsten Into lory, and sheeting ihs spray in volleys through the ptatun*a/» taniaft ot the low sUffl. The landtag was efcetei with dUBonlty. Xhs wind increased In violence. Tne weather beeame m bolsttroui at to endanger the sal sty . el the venal No tune was watted. -The Islanders, tomt twenty la ?umber, were hurried Into the boats, and ell ?peed wu made to reach tbt schooner. In tbe exelUmeat and confusion of the tnal abandonment ot their Lome, it wtt not known uatli tbty were on the ship that a child had beta kit bthlod. The mother supposed II to hsvs been carried aboard in the arms ol an old sailor. She franUesUy implored the mta to return. The otptala replied that they mtut gst to a place of safety j after the storm— to-morrow,, per baps— tbty wonld eome back for the bsby. Finding that they wait going out te set, the yousg mother beeame desperate, tad, despite all efforts to detain htr, Jumped overboard and struck out tbrongh tbe kelpy waters for Ibe ebon. She was a widow,! bstweea twenty sad thirty' yean of aga, of medium height and fins fermj her complexion was light, and bsr halt ef a dark, rich brown. Ho attempt was made to resent htr, tnd in a moment sbt wet lost li the earthing waves. Tne ship, already under headway, staggered through the storm | tbe affrighted islanders boddlsd together on deck, asd f»ar shut every other emotion for the tints from their hearts. After in sdveiturous voyage, ths Pur 4i Nada eventually reached (Ban Pedro, whers tbe titles were landed. Boies of them were sent to Lee Angelas, fifteen milts back from the ouast ; semt were put to work in tbe neighbouring mission ol San Gabriel; two ot the women were scot married to wsallby men of Los Aagelos. It was the intention of Captain Hnbbard to return' to Ban Nicolas immediately, to sst if tbe woman or child wsrs living. But the schooner had orders to oomi dlreot to Santa Barbara, to take George NUlver and a party ef otter-hunters to Santa Boss Island ; afterward, out? from Moatereya cargo of Umber to San Frsneiaoo. Tbe boat wu in urgent demand alcng the coast, and thus two trips wer* Imperative before a second visit eould be made to San Nicolas. Delay Ing their sritnd. of humanity and jutlat a law wetki, they lost it for evar ; for on that vary trip the F«or h Vada eapilied at the eatnnee to tne Goldtn Gate, The msn were washed ashore In an almost exhausted condition, and ibe teheoner drifted out to sea. It was reported long after, though without oonormMion, to have been picked np by a Rotslan ship. Aim the loss of the Monterey schoonsr, there was no craft of any kind Jargsr than the etaeet' and naulog-boau on we lowtr eoatt, No one eared to attempt a passage of aevetty miles to San Mieolas In an opsa boat, aid after a time tat eidlemont and Interest faded out. Those who at first had been most toUeltoai that aaaUtaace should be sent tattled into the belief that the couple had perlahed- daring tbe days of waiting i the remainder of tbe eommonlty, never having believed that the woman but reached there through the storm, were Indifferent, suppos ing that the child had died soon after the tragic death el tbe mother. Their uncertain 'fate lay heavy on Ibe mere tender-hearted ot the mission fathers | bat II was not until 18J0 that Father (Son nies found an emissary to search for tbs lest. Thomas Jeffries bad come law poem tloa ef a auull aolioontr, and was ottered £60 should he bring Ue woman or child to Baata Barbara alive. Fifteen years haviag passed alecs tbs abandonment of tbe island, and, no one having visited tbe spot during that tuns, the probability ot the death of tbe partUs was universally accepted, although no actual proof of death hid been sought or tound. Bui when Thomas Jeffries' boat was seen, at tbe slots of a balmy day of midwinter, coming ap ths bay without the signal he wast? bin displayed provided Us mnli had been soeoessful, the mailer wu settled. Groups ot persons congregated on Hie sands. Bom* watched from shore the tu»U craft lold her wings ead wHlt to rest on the mirmr-Uke water, others put off it canoes w meet the boatmen, and goatlp concerning tbe trip. Jeffries had found no trace of living befogs, on the Island, and whether tbe woman had wen beaten to death in tbe turf, or died alter gaining lbs land, wonld probably never be known. The schooner Wat left idly rooking does to shore; aailon and landsmen strolled slowly np to the town. Night mantled the moaning waters, and the great deep was left in postetsioa of another secret. xhs return of Jeffriss brought up afresh the incident, which by tomi had been almost forgotten. For a few noun little was talked of save the herds young mother and her child in the sea-girt Isle. Time pasted swiftly on, and In ths dreamy loll contentment of tn* land the dead woman ot Ban Nioolai slipped fiom mind, and (bought, end, speech. - OflAPTEBHI. ToKjirrmus' visit to Ban Nloolas was the theme of more than one days gossip. The Island he described ae seven or el|bt miles long, by three or fear la width j tbt bod/ol to. land near Six hundred feet above the lark inlaad, bul no et£a iowLsavs eea gnUs, peffctia art shags. Mnmbersot ted iokeeweteseaa In IhTlilUs, and Aroves of earloai jrW^cgs, isll ^nS.alenoer, with ooane.loBg hauraad human eyes. On aflat, aear .ihe.ttppetead oc the flsna, and half hidden by^^dnnea^t.sbnnd^rssnsins da curio^hnt^lt of whaUe'tibsplasAed uael«ta,aeA's7a^n«ttd*s to foWtbt proper cnrve'ot.awtgotnurhmsd. shelter. Tbits judgedtohav. bew totsaedy either the resWeace of Ibe ?^?'4, tw.e bIsis a woesnip mUnwMum^H^ai.j-a, had ptoksd' «p tmrat j^llis, at totals ^ S Stte lslaadTth7lea*om« whU Jt^i7uiM«ketlto«e^wetetWls»l-sdi Kicdss. So taVutous nerv Ms T»mi, that ?h« Iclertst of the oili'-r iian'ru wu troutni, and tuly in the following year a boat was flltnd out, and O.otg* Nldlter, accompanied by Thomas Jeffries and a era* of Indians, started on an otter hunt to the Wfttideitnl otver.bedt ttvmty tnllw away. A landing wu effected near the toothers en 4 of tbe falud, end, ollmbuu the oUffi to tee where Ibe otter lay, tbty had a magoia coat view ot ths lalanda to the 'Berth u» east. Oe the soath-wstt tne Paella rolUa oat Ite sure breadtb, antptek«A by there, or raft, or spot ol any kind, the Island »a which Ibey stood etemsd a quiet, calm, deserted tpot, la tne anatblu that thsa tafclded It. Battetfllx hovered over the wild tan npon the knolls j sett bncits reeked UtJly the seant enst about their fe#t; thlckeU ot ohapural detted tbe hills J cactus bald out wtiee trays, where, on bunlahtd nuts of thorns, rspeeedtrln red yellow satin flewent a trailing sand plant, with thick, doughy leevseTwattad from its ptok etostsn a meet dalWout ?uoat— ea odour that had In It the hiBBilag iweetnets ef the erbatas and Ibe frcshnen ot ths sell ?aawlasV ? ' The ottsr-hnBtsrs did act linger long ea tbe oUfl, tot on on* side tbsv fouflhe rocks twermleg with black aeal thonsanCs of them mlagung tbeb- eharnbuk with ibe heavy iron of tea-lions. Tbs oKea. wtre tilokoatt«T«U,»na a Mnadtd whalt Uy la the edge of tbt eriokluig turf. The parly remained sis weeks In samp on the beech. Oars stuck upright in the sand, coveted, by osavas, oempostd their shelter; a spring wu found oldwey ap the ollff, so that daring their stay no one ,had occa sion to go liiand or wander far from tbs otter-beds, which were en tbe side of tha Island where their tcets wtre pitchtA, Tbt teat Is caught asleop on tbt rockt, lastced or knocked in tbe bend ; Incisions are mads In tbe flippers, lower jaw, Up and tail, tnd about 'four mlantes are required by a good workman to skin an ordinary seal. The biles are salted, sad, after a week or two, bundled and packed. Tbe otter, most timid of the animals of ths tea, it otujht in mil spread open swaying badi of tea-wted, or is shot white lying with .bead hurled in kelp to shut oul the sound of a storm. It It very sensitive to noise, and so iby tbtt it takes alarm at every unusual sight. The loess hide It tassn from ths body with one cut, turned wrong side out, stretched tnd dried. Bslort ibe schooner Ittt the vicinity ot Bin Hleolu, a terrible storm ttost, tailing lor tight days, carrying away a mail tnd dragging lbs anchor, so ihst another bad to be Improvised ot a big filled with ttonts. During tha tempett, a sailor lauded be -tw a bnman figure on tbe headland of the bland. Through tbe waahes ot spray It seemed to be running up atd down tbe edge of Ibe plateau, baokoolng tnd shouting. Tbe captain was called, but tha apparition had vanlahed. On the death day, the schooner waa enablad to tun over to But tllgutl, and from there to Santa Barbtrt, where the sailor's story ot the beckoning ghost of San Nicolas hannttd fer t long time tbs dreamt ol tbe superstitious on shore. A seoond amiss of ths oltsr-hunten f sited to bring say additional news of the phan tom ot the sea. Everything on land was Juit as before | not a teat hid been disturbed, not a track was found. In Jaly, 1853, tbe otto-men made a third trip to Btn Nicolae, anchored off the north east aids, and established a oimp on tbort. Tbs ptrty oontlnted of CipUln Nidlver, t fisherman named Oarl Deimsn, who west among tailors by, the toubriqwt of Charlie Brown, an Irish cook and a crew of Mission Indians, Tbe evening alter their arrival, Nidlver aid Brown strolled teveral miles down the beach, enjoying their pipes and dlsonttlng plans for work. It waa ooa ot those limpid nights, such as California knows— a night when the stars shine large end warm from the low sky, when the moon burns with an ambsr blite, und fragranoe is In the air. As tbe comrades wtre about to rotates their steps, Nidlter stopped, looked qulokly about bim, than stopped, and closnly examined something on tbe grooud. In tbe weird moonlight, plainly outlined on ths lensly ebon, wu tbe. print of a sleodtr, naked foot. 'The woman of San Kieolatl Uy God, thelsUvlpgl' He Uitei bis volts, and thouttd In Spanish that friends were come to rescue her. Over oome by the eonvlotlon that tbe lost woman most have beea near when he wu In eamp two ysats before— that It wu not a creation ol fancy, but a llrleg being they had seen In the storm— the captain ran 4o and fro, calling, looking and swearing by turns. Hours wers tpsnl by ths two awn in aearcb, but ia v-». - ? Tne out day, Nldiver fonnd a basket ol rushes banging In a tree. It contained bone needles, thread made of sinews, shell fish hooks, ornaments, and a partially eompltted robe ot birds' plumage, mads of small squires neatly matohedeodsewed together. Nldlvsr proposed replacing the things, bat Brown Mattered them about styug Hut, if tbty were picked ap, It would be proof that tbt owon had visited the spot. Inland they discovered several drooler, ncSets laoloenret, stde o( woven brush. Meet these ebelttn wtre poise, with dried meat banging from elevated cross-pieces. The grass wit growing in the pens, aad nothing Indicated thttr reomthablUtlon. Inflssunsof ptrpendleulu rocks near lbs springs were wedged dried fuh aad teals' blubber ; but ao sign ot the near pretense of the hwtmlltet. Altar several days the men abandoned, tbaoban. Then was no donbt that tome one bad been ea the Island very btsly. Blther tbe woman, or the ehUd grown to womanhood, had lived there, or, perhaps, both mother and child had survived Mil reotntly. Bnt they mast have been dead months at least. The footprint wet older than at first supposed. Tbe robe had not been replaced in the tret. Tha captive perehano* died of despair after they left her Mckonmg In the ttonn. After that, the fishing went on for weeks, and they ware abroi returning home, when Nldiver said he believed a person was biding OB the itlaai. It she was living he was boaaft to find her. It dead, be would find bar body If be had to scrape the Island iaeb bytoeb. Thia provoked a Ucgh of derWot. OV touts the wild dogs hail devoured her remains. Bat Nldfver was convinced that tbe women was afraid j hadoonoaaledlientU, possibly on the opposite sidt of the island, wbegrttataborewai precipitous, dllBcalt of aooeas,aotttalniai perhaps gulehss tad «avss nnkaown to tbeta. The men mnnmred at tat; delay, wtr» Insredulous as lo.the eaectss ot the raid, rebelltd at the long tramps over ?^oTbapUlnwtJinni snlttblt prtpe, ?rtlUmswere taaee, »»dlnt eflUrt fores of cMer-nvtneiartMai'tbeir flntl httal for a ghost ??*K?«»Sewa U tbe ttlaad 7bn earns tetOMrtfatl-onit'lieuM Jtftrlei h* fltmiHiifl fiethis wart aUUnlly IntedMet inliiiribirinfwnt^ehbUtendoUlMkll wWe aear tb« lootT^ .tood amiM-ca- tnaqdad weeds. 'faJprawMnU o^yi- vatrett/ ? a* . ,,-ajnaitsl Mtaeaal tTawswlit' Ml sii 1 1 li ? efWasaVsi tttsatwMaala Bnirato » tpet wnere iStwtn beta Io* ntiats. He icUowtdtneM ne tbediffs smffl tW- mloHln«k^c^tw^lh-|iMMd the guoad. - WtDdM tnitbtr, hrieBBd'a Bleat at drtft- woodttaam waich hae^daatwaa ihtpeaoB kid : beaalo mTimai^m^a wM*ai : towed ;&f;|!f*|f .»? ,|P .-? .'* '' ' ,'''? -^' ?''' ? v ,:' lioms. From a bleb, petal m ibe rids, he mw l!-« men tnt'tln; «lwnt h«i»«. Tlnr. aU tit etUKlit a taill «bjrel ? long »ay bff on the bills. It appeared list a erow M first gUntt, bul It moved about In a singular tntnnir. Advancing toward It ileatibllv, be ww dumblonbSod to Ant lust It WM Ibe itad of a woman, btrtly vlstbls abort the ow wovtn-brub tUet of her roofless ruUoat inlhtbntbt*. As Brown dr»w newer, a peck at 4egt rtellclng eloss Io tbs woam trowlsd t bat wlth6ut looting around the woman uttered e pttollu cry wbleb eUaneed Ihttt. and Ibey ran away to Ibt bills. Brown halted within a few yarti ol htr, and, blautll nntetn, walebed every movemeat *lthln tbe hut. Inslds the loclosure wit a mound ol grtit, woven baskets fall ol Iblngs, tnd e rude milt mtdt ol e pices ol Iron noop, thrnrt into e wooden hiadlt, A fin smonldtred Bear, tad t pile ol bones lay in tbt ashes, te complexion of tbe woman wai much fairer Ibsa the ordinary Indian, bar personal eppttraeta plettlnR, ItitnrM regular, her balr, tnltk aad brown, falling about her' tbouldtn In t tangled mat. From Ibt lime Brown arrived within betrinr, sbs kspl up a continual talking to herself. Sbe was lining forward, shading her tyts wlih liar itnd, witching tbe men erasing ibt fill below her dwelling. After looklim at tbem ellh ta tnilaty Impossible Io be depleted, tbt ttoutueA ia Unor, bnt tmuealttely lUritd np as if to ran. Tbe msn on tbe flat bid sot twn bar, and Brown, pulling bli fait on the ramrod ol hit goo, allerattely lilted and lowered It to attract tbeir atlmtion i tbsn fay ttgns he intimated Ibal tbe womto was found, tnd Ihsy should spread nut so u to Utah btr II the IrltJ to esetpt. Detorn Ibt men reached tbe knoll, Brown tttpptd around la tight tnd spoke. She gtve a Irlgblened lock Into his f set, tan a lew slept, bat, instantly ecolriollinit herself, stood Hill and adlraittd bim in in unknown torgae. Bhs tesmed to bt between forty end Ully years ol age, In fine pbysletl oondtllon, eiect, with wall-lormtd ntck ind arms and no. wrinkled (us. Bbe wai drened In a lonlo tfaiptd gtrmcnl made of birds' plnmsge, low In tbe neck, ilieveless, and retohlng to. Ibt ankle, Tbt dress wit clmlltr to tbe one fonnd In tbt tree. At Ihs msn ettne up, she gretttd them euh In Ibt wty ibe bad mat Brown, end with a tlmpit dlgolty. not wltbont itt effect on botb Inalant and white men, mtdt thim weleomt and set about pi sparing food lor them from bsr f canty store. The meal eonslsteil ol routed rooti, ealitd by Otlllornltni ntrnrnffn i bat when wai Ibtra known a mors loncblng hospitality r Among Ibe Indian crew, there were sevirtl dlalscta tpoken, bul none ol tbe ptrty wsrs able to converse with tbtlr hotteii, or under ttind a word she ntltred, and they win forosd to try tnd make ber know by signs tbtt tbt wts eipocled to go wllh tbem. Brown went through \bt motion of paoklug her things in tuskets, sbouldsrln; them, aad walking toward tin beaob. She compre beaded instantly, and made preparations to depart. Her effeste were neatly placed In paok- baektta, ono ot which abe awuag over tier back, and, taking a burning stick from the Ore, she atarted with a Aral tread altsr tha Indians to ths abort. Betide Ihe load Ihe female Oraso carried, Nidlver and'Drown bad tbeir arms fulL Upon retching ths boat, aba enured without hesitation, going, forward to tbe bow, kneeling and holding to cither aide. When tba schooner was readied, she went aboard without any tr»al-ls, tat down near the store la tbtoabln, and quietly watched the man in their work oo board. To replace her fe.ther drees, wulou be wished to preserve. Brown made bar t petti coat of ticking | and with a mau'a cotton tblrt end gey neckerchief, ber ecral-clvllLed dress wu oomplet*. While Brown wu sewing she watched him closely, and laughsd at his manner ol using a needle. Bbe showed him tbtt btr way wu to puncture tbe cloth with her bone needle, or aw), end then put the thread through the perforation!. Bat ilgalflad Ibsl ibe wished to try a Ibresdsd needle, and Brown good-naturedly gtvt her tewing materials, but ibt eould not thread tbe needle. Brown prepared it, and gave ber in old elotk of Nidlver'a to mend, and while abt took list first lesion lu sewing, ihs told bsr lesoberou shipboard, by sigot, portions ot her life ea thetiltnd. Bbe bad from lime to time seen thlpi pill, but none came to like hsr off. Sbs wttabtd at long as. tbs could tee them, and, alter thsy wen out of sight, the threw utntll on lbs ground and orlad, bul alter a time sb* walked over the tsltnd until tbt forgot about it and could tmllt again. Bbs bad also seen people on tbt beach eeveral times. Sbe wm afraid ead hid until they ware gone, and Iban wept btetOM lbs bid not mtdt btrsslf known. Bheiatdthilnt had taken her brinrprlie aad ibt eould not run, and the wai glad btttuK he would lake her to btr people; .htr people bid goat awty with while mea In a ship. Brown aodtntood by htr signs tbit at tbe timt ol lot desertion of Ibe island tbe bid t nursing btby, whleb the riprtstnted by looking btr finger, aad placing htr arm In position of Doldlng ao inlant at the breast i tbt wind bar band over tbs eta, Io Indicate Ihst Ibt ship sailed away, tailing back 'Mtnana' (to-morrow) | thin the could not finl her flhild, and wept until the wai very HI. and Uy prostrate for days, In a bed of planli resembling eebbagt, and etllsd by Oalllor nians 'Sola Suit.' Bnt had nothing to eitbnttbf Itevai. Whtn the revived tomt whtt, ibt crawled to a apriag, and attar a lima, is htr strength returned, tht made fin by rapidly rubbing a pointed e|!«k along tbt rgvt ot a flat ttlek until a spark wu stratk. was a dtffiaali task, and shswuesreful not to let hsr firs go out j the look brands with her oa ber trips, and covered the bomt fin with asbtt to prosarvt It. Bbe lived daring her etptMty on flsh, seals' Blubber, route and thelTSsh ; ana tbe birds, trheie ikiai she seoured lor elcthlag, wen «ea-Wrds, whleb sbs otugfat at night off their roosts ia tbe teams of the crags. . The bath intlotaree she made for a eareen from tht triads, aad as a protection while atlsap f rom wiU'wiouls.' Sbt made . fraqasnl exeur tbae over Ibt isltad tram her mala dwelling, which was a lam uve eo ibe north and ,^ Baa fileoUs. She kept dritd meat attach eamning*t»ttoni the food la the crevices by the sprinp was fer the time whea, irotn elefcfiM weld age, the wonld only ^he abU to crawl to the water aad Uve on what.ebs had there stored out Wreeah of tie dogs. Tbtt the woman itae* faith ta a tapremt powsr wai erinitd toon aittr the tahooatr ?rt «U from the fliUng-groundgs. _A gels ovaitookttitm,aBftlheputtngsT aaaejs&nt; that the wonU ttopilu wtnaT^VTUbbtrSei jamed Is the dbeettoa bom which Ibe «torm earn*, she mattered vrorii c* ptayst eaUl the wind nal ebtled, thin taratd with a beta ing eountemnte tad nwttoned thai ..her pAtloB has been aatwertd. TheyMtkond uotrtb* lea M Santa Orb, wtart the wowMWM.blgUy iateeetttd in ?tttog'an- ntfaet multm :*tt m Wbs* (bay juBtaisshed ese norM ot twssla rlurhplBt aB Sktui pisted along the teeth, vibe 8BiiSwS»MpB: Iu::oa 'a Ttt''T' UltU b«ioebA The Jsbaatr. wbo hU jtwt-tiipfwa asaore,^ms .... _ ??'.- :'-i,-,-. : , . frprre.nt tht novnl tl-!il by |m:siaK (wo ([?, ;? ,t ui htr rlgbt htni over ibt lUmab of i.ir lilt, miring Iktm to Imlttlc tbt hone WtlUOK. OtpWln Kldlvsr oonlosUl tht woman to hl» hnist, and pot btr In charge of hit Sptnlih wile. The news spretilag, FaUiw Goonles, ot Basil Btrbsn Mitsloa, oauM lusHlier; many persons gathered Iron tne reBstiM toanl aboat, aad tbe bonte ww trowltd oontiantly. Tbe brig AiwwaiataM Into port toon if Itr, and Ibt explain offered Nldlw Ibe htU el wbat hi Woold a*ke, U ii would allow bsr to bt exblblted la Ban Frinilteo, Tblt oB.r was refntad, and abo tstotbar boa a Oap»»ln Tnuttt. U«. NUlrsr would not bear ot tbt frimolttl erstture being nude a show for Ihe eurious Tbs btrttl molhor tvuetd Ibe grtatttt fo ,doMt tor Mm. KUInt't sUIUttu, ttrtst ing tnd pitying with tbem by tbt boor, aad telling Ibe lady, by signs, thai when ibt swsta back to tb* abort htr baby wu gent; and slit btUtved tba dogs bad eaten It. Bbt w*nt over, again and srs\o, bar grill at lit lost f htr frantic tttreh tor II, evsu after it had bets gout t long lime ; hsr dretd of being alone | ber bone, for yean, of reseat, tod «t Ittt Ilit d*»p»lr Ibit In time bteunt rMlsntlloa. The vltlton aomcUnios gave her prosontt, which tbe put aside until tho donors bad doptrted, seaming (o know lir . intuition that they would bo offended if the refuted to aeoept them i bnt as eoon as tho guests wen gono tho oallod tbe little ofaUdnm, and dutributod her gifti among them, laughing If they wore pleated, and liappy , in thMr Joy. A foW days ailor ber arrival, I-'atbfr Antonio Jluiono sent for Indians from the minions of Ban Fernando and SanU Yuet, in bone ot finding somo one who oould cou verse with the Islander. At that time tberr wen Indians living In Lot Angolos county, belonfring to tho I'njiluuroi, who, II wu eald, bid In for mar yran oommnnlw Uon with tbt 8»n Nloolat Indlant. Bat nollhor thou, nor those from Ban Duona Ventura, or Santa Utrban, oould under stand her, or make themselves understood. In loss than two decades after tba HIUo baud had left Ban Nioolu, tbolr wliore itbouls oould not bo dhoovcrod. They «vert a mere drop in U19 stream of tana known l-y the general nurau ot Mltriou Indiant. Beyond a few words, nothing was over known of bor tongue. A hido afao sailed fo-co (lo-kay); a am, noeAc (nah-ohny) ! Uio sky, fa-irut (Uy-frwah) ; the body, pinthc (pln-*i-ohoy). Bbelcarned a few Spanish words : pan (broad), pajat (polatooa), odbaUo (bortc). Sometimes aba oallod Captain ttldlvor, In Spanish, Ma (fathrr), tomoliraw nina (tnolhor.) Tbe ,'gentlenetf, modsily snd lack ol Ibt untutored wild woman ol tbt I'eolflo wtrs to foreign to Idsti ol His tavage ntlore, Ibit tomt ptrllM beUcftd tbtt ibt wu not an Indian, bnt a psrion ot distinction out awsy by shipwreck, aad adopted by tht Itlandars before tbtli removal from tfaelr borae. Olbera wen certain, from htr avidgnl rsBnimeal, that the had not been long alone, bnt hid drilled to Btn Nloolu ifitr ihs Indira woman ptritbtd In Ibe turf, ind bad by mlttikt bun ttken for Ibt original savage. Tin old sillort wbo retooed ber tfflrm Iliet ibe wai an Indian, tbi asms who lumped from tbt soboontr to stv» bar child. Tbi rtpNitntstlvs of t lost tribe, auo stands oul from tbt Indltoi of tbt coait, thn positiior ot noble and dlitlnetlvt traits ; provident, cleanly, taitslal, tmltblo, Imitative, consldc rate, ind wltb a maternal davollon which elriUiillon bli never surpassed. Sbt wts greatly disappointed when none ol her kindred wtre found. Sbt drooptd under olvllltttlonj sbe missed thoonl-door lilt ol fair island otutp. Alter t few weeks the btosmt too wsik to walk : ibe waa carried ta to tbe poroh every day in a cbtir. Bbe doatd In Ibe suntblns, while tbe eblldren played around her. She was patient and ohoorfal, looking eagerly Into every now faoo for rocognltion. and sonsotlmos sing ing softly to bsrsolf. Mrs. Nidlver hopod a return to hor old diet would holp her. She prooured seal's meat, and routed it in Mhos. Whan tho tlok woman eaw It, sho pattod her nnne't bands affootlonttcly, tut oould not eat tbo food. She fell from her ofaalr one morning, add remained insensible for hours. Seeing tho approach of death, Mrs. Nldlvor tent for a priest to baptise her proUjl At first he refused, not knowing but that the had been bepUiod previously, although tba burden of proof wea tMlntt It At length, heeding tho kind Oitbouc lady's dlstreu, he oontoutod to administer tbe rito, oondlUoaaUy. At aho wu teealhing hor Ust, the tign of tbe oross wm prossed on hor oold krow, and tho unknown and nameless creaturo was ahrlstenod by Father Baaouat, in tbo bountiful 8panl»h, ' Jnana Marie.' In a walled oemetery, from whose portals gleam ghastly skull and aroti -bones, oloao to tbo SanU Barbara Mission, under tho shelter of the tower, is tbt neglwtodjrrevo of a devoted mother, tbe heroine of Sin NIooUs. Tht abandonment ot Bio Ntoolai oecancd fort j-tli ystrs tp. Thetuivlioroleightten ran' lOlittry eaptlvMy arrived la flenta Jarbara Ibt 8th ot Stpltmbtr, 1813. Otp talaHiaivsi'inonM, when tot stranger iltd, tltadi la tight of the oftstn, aad eta bt pointed oat by any seuooVboy ia the town. Sldivsr and bliwlis are living, and Ihtir son George follows tbs sat, m fall father did be fore bin. OulDilman, or Obarila Brown, at hi U ettltd by old tailors, mty bt found any day whtn 'tbt retired boatmen con gregate. Thomas Jeffries walks tbe streets n blouse, widt nat, ml flowing grey faalr. Dr. Bllnkarboff, wbo aUndtd the woman of Sin Nlcolu.it a waU-knownpuytltian ol tba city. Father Gonialss died a few yean ?go, alter a oootinoous rttidsnes ol more than a aoarttt -of » eeniory in the mission, for a long Hum fatwu ptrtltlly « inlf std, and wu carried ?boot In a obtlr. 1 re number Urn m a IMtU, dirk men, with eye* tnal blued onnMnretly from snnken sockets, : bit appeanost nn«sred men startling bf a wWuturbanboauiMoandhliheed. 'OtU buried tnoer Ibt floor of Ibt old efaipri. Vb» wmbllng tasntton i on SMs^trtet, known u tha Park HoUl, mty_have thai tared tonritlewao read IhU tooooW, Utu the first brisk bows boOt In Banlt SarUrt, and wu tht prirOt retUeooe of Imm Sparks,' the ItiMt of the ttiUwat from iEifa, Ib~M8S, «-LWBn-ad J'tw«*rer. setta, 'Borton't etound,' a tftfnttoa* iaail, ttreade* by wwrtoUviifa^l-ktoi«i si latwii li Barton, ?nojhei ^leeteejotthe Peer t, Suit. ijU4/*i fw FrtaeUe» tad tome of tbe Utn4tr*« iietdlta. iuivti aad Brow»(^Wniher earloai wtltr- tignt baskets. »e snlaakm falben teat bet leather MM to Boms. Tnty wen mtdt til tbe J*^VftHmm of ? tbe gnn torautiwti^ itt-hi-sjtoln»mt ; , » 