.A DARK_ STORY. CHAPTER XIV. Ir was morning when the conspirators came stumbling out of the old church-vaults, and stood blinking, owl-like, in the light of the dawning day. But few words were interchanged between them. Darknoll, who had extinguished the lantern he carried, led the way back to the lodge. Here refreshments had been prepared, so that his guests might cat, drink, and, if re quired, sleep, without disturbing the village out of its accustomed propriety, or causing unpleasant questions to be asked by its ever- curious though poppy-headed inhabit ants. And the four men, moved by such different instincts, yet bent upon one coin mon end, passed through the thickly populated churchyard, threading their way among graves, scattering the dew from the tall grass, and each alike anxious to avoid the coming sunlight. The plan so long matured was now ap proved of by all, and, creatures of darkness, they hurried home through the pure morn ing air and pearly light to rest. To rest I while the dying baronet moaned in his bed, and Gertrude-poor defenceless cllild-slumbered in hers, all unconscious of the terrible doom pronounced. The sun rose higlher and higher in the heavens, and the birds, those winged musi cians of the air, flutter from bough to bough, or spring aloft, filling all space with melody. An awful contrast this bright and hopeful world with that within the dark and crumb ling catacomb beneath the stone floor of the old abbey church, abiding place of the bat and the spider, yet where manly strength was left to moulder, and beauty-youth and beauty-to decay. Ugh I let us for the time being shake such dreary thoughts from us, and wander down by the river's bank till we come to a cosy spot we have had our eye upon, even at the commencement of this chapter, and where we hope to introduce the reader to a very nice old gentleman. Here he is, lying on his back, a soft felt hat forming a pillow for his partially-bald head; a rod, which he is too lazy to hold, supported on a couple of crossed sticks; and a float, which he is watching with half shut, pleasant eyes, bobbing about in the water. A portly old gentleman, white haired and ruddy-cheeked, a nose as straight as a dart, an upper lip short as any bygone Greek's, and a mouth and chin which might have been borrowed from that same Greek's statue. He is inclined to corpulence, and is dressed in a suit of tweed, the latter spotted and stained by much sylvan wear and tear. Now take all this in at one comprehen sive glance, and you will have something of an idea of the personality of Mr. Francis Mnildmay, rector of Dripsey Bridge and its twin parish of W"entworth. Unmistakably agentleman ;-Frank Mild may might have worn ragged corduroy or frowzy fustian; but the most inexperienced eye could not mistake him for anything but that. An easy-goer-hurting no man's pre judices- having none of his own, Pa'son EMildmay was beloved by all, from the radical cobbler, who, as he wouldn't come to church, "Pa'son Frank" made a point of preaching to through his little shop window, down to the village curs, who, con scious of concealed biscuits in the good gentleman's capacious pockets, came sniff ing obsequiously at his heels. This is no cur, however, whose black, dewy muzzle is resting on the rector's shoulder, and whose sweet brown eyes, full of fun and mischief, are watching the bob bing float with far more attention than Pa'son Frank himself. Mentioning the dog, recalls us to the fact that the rector is not alone. Standing against the trunk of a tree, "arranging" bait for the rector's lines, is the dog's master-Mr. Peter Applethwaite. A curious but none the less constant companionship is that between Pa'son Frank and Sandy Peter. " 0 1 I shall re claim him some day," the laughing rector would say in answer to a remonstrance rom the "unco guid" of his parish. "Peter has been twice to church, and would have continued to come but that his snoring disturbed the congregation." "Peter," said the rector, but without looking up, " I think I've got a bite." Applethwaite glanced at the float and shook his head. "Not you; besides, Rummager's got her eyes on the float, and would bark if it moved." There was a pause-a short one, broken by the rector. "Peter, I don't like the way you're bringing up that dog-it's not Christian." Mr. Applethwaite's face expanded into its usual expressive grin. "Why not, Pa'son ? If eddication means Christianity, Rummager's got it. 'Tisn't my fault, Pa'son Frank, if the school boards set themselves agin' bible teachin'." "The scriptures say, 'remember to keep holy the Sabbath-day.' Now, Rummager doesn't." '"01" ' . . ", Of " It is impossible for words to describeo the tone of protest conveyed in this ejacula tion. . "Why, pa'son, I dou't thiink that dog would bark at a cat, much more start a hare, of aSunday.''. (This with a sly look at the rector.) " She has kept'too good company for that." . " Slhe's a no'er-do-well, and you're an; other;" said the reotor, caressing the sleek, black head of the dog; "Though I must Ssay," he added, with a merry laugh, "that when you were illegally boozing at some. ale-house, Rummager followed me to clhurch, and sat out the entire sermon in the centre aisle, lickldng her lips, and star ing me out of countenance." "And I'll be bound," said Master Apple thwaito, "as she understood you, Pa'son Frank, as well, if not better, than th' rest o' tlhe congregation." "It islpossible," assented the rector, re flectivdely. "Possible I'd back her,"-and Peter jerked his thumb in the .direction of the dog, still intent upon.'the float " agin' Farmers Jowler and Flack, who are sound asleep afore you give out the text. Why, to see the way Rummager turns over a rabbit would make a Christian of a heathen. She makes a dash, lknocks it over, and holds its down till I come and sets it free again I " Another pause, again broken by the rector. "Peter I " "I'm all hero, pa'son; on'y too glad to be here when you talk. It a'most makes one wish to be a'nigh all ears, like a donkey." The good-natured old gentleman, accus tomed to Peter's ways, took not the shadow of an offence; indeed, had he done so, Peter's misery-for he adored the rector would have been complete for the day. We have said that they understood each other. " Over that old stone bridge "-and the rector raised himself on his elbow, pointing to two picturesque arches of drooping ivy and mouldering stone that spanned the river-" over that bridge, Peter, the ancient Romans passed." "Why not?" said the unimaginative Applethwaite; "they must have passed over somehow; that bridge is as good as another. I've not much opinion of them Romans myself. Why, that iron pot as I fished out of the river-bed-" " And for which I gave you half-a crown." "Thoagh I said it weren't worth a six pence-for it wasn't a thing to bile atatur in. Now, meanin' no disrespect to you, pa'son; but the ancients is a matter as calls for discussion." "Ha, ha I "laughed the rector. "They've called for a great deal, and I don't know that much good ihas come of it. This little book," (and the rector took up a well thumbed volume that had been reposing by his side) " contains about as much wisdom as, with the exception of One, I care to study. Listen to this, Peter; and in a rich, soft voice, the rector read : "No life so happy and so pleasant as the life of a well-governed angler; for when the lawyer is swallowed up with business, and the statesman is preventing or con triving plots, then we sit on cowslip banks, hear the birds sing, and possess oiurselves in as much quietness as these silent silver streams which we now see glide so quietly by us." Peter Applethwaite, who was a good listener as well as talker-the former quali fication being a great recommendation to the rector-nodded approval. " May Lask the name of the gentleman as figured that up ? " "Izaak Walton." ".Then please score one in my name to Mr. Issacs-we thinks alike. Was he a pa'son, sir ?" "No - and yes-he was a splendid preacher. Listen;" and again the rector read: "' Every misery that I miss is a new mercy,'-that's good, Peter 2 " "First-rate ! " "A business man himself, but not so busy but he had leisure to laugh. He had what he himself calls a meek, contented quietness-such a quietness as makes a man's very dreams pleasing both to God and himself~-that great Maker of us all, Peter, who gives us ' flowers and rhowers, and stomachs and meat, and content and leisure to go a-fishing.'" The rector carolled, in rich, mellow voice, the old song: Other joys Are but toys; Only this Lawful is. For her skill Breeds no ill, But content and pleasure. Here Rummager gave a short, warning bark. " A bite 1 " cried Peter. And it was, a magnificent fish, which the rector, now all life and animation, springing to his feet, landed in thorough sportsmanlike fashion. "Therel." he said, as, with glistening eyes, he surveyed his prize, which was still quivering with life in the sweet meadow grass. "Can anybody have two opinions about angling, Peter?" "No one-'cept, possibly, the fish." "Umph I" grunted the rector, somewhat vexed. "But," continued Mr.Applethwaite, "what must be will be, even when it oughtn't to be; because, you see, the world goes round on its axle-trees, and we can't put the skid on just as we choose; " with which lumin ons piece of philosophy he withdrew the hook and consigned the fish to the basket. As he did so, his eyes fell upon the little book, now lying open on the grass. "Why, heart alive, I should know him l That book was Mr. Everard Corbett's ! " "Quite right, Peter. He made me a present of it the day before he left. It was my own selection. There's not a page of it we haven't travelled over a hundred times together. Fine lad-noble lad I " "There couldn't be a better " was Peter's ready response. "I loved him like my own son," said the rector. "Bless him! I should he sorry to leave this world without having looked into his handsome face once again. Yet India's a long way off, and I-I'm getting old." As tlhe kind soul whisked out his hand kerchief to pass over hIis eyes, a small paper, folded note-form, fell at his feet. "What's that ?" "It looks like a letter," said Peter, as he picked it up; "and I think I remember Mrs. Grace " (the rector's houseekeeper) "giving it you as we came away. Slhe said one of the Abbey gardeners brought it." "So she did-so she did. And I put it into my pocket, along with the box of gentiles, so that I shouldn't forget it. How foolish of me ! It's written in pencil, too. That's queer." Thus chatting, the ea:;y-going rector mounted a laur of golld-rinmned spectacles upon the bridge of his nose, and opened the note. A glance at it, and the whole expression of his countenance changed; the ruddy colour went out of his check, and, for the first time in Applethwaito's memorny, the hearty old rector turned pale. The words he read were these: Dear Mr. Milbimay,-Do come and see me at once. I feel that somethingig terrible is about to ,haplpn at the Abbey, and I have no friend to advise with but you. They keep me confined to imy room, and say that I am not io my xight mind, but that's not true. O, Mr. Mildmay ! I don't know what to do with all these people about me. Do come and see me, and see poor dear papa at once-at once! at once! Yours in lnch alarm, G(RTIr'ner. WENTWORTn. After having read this epistle through for the third time, the rector folded it carefully and returned it to his pocket. Then, wiping his gold-rimmed glasses thoughtfullly, he returned them also to their case and the same receptacle. He looked down at his very unelerical, stained suit of tweed, and for a moment hesitated, speaking for the first time after reading the note aloud. "I'm afraid I don't look much like a parson, Peter." Peter grinned. "That depends how pa'sons ought to look. For my part, I don't see why them as preaches the word of life should be dressed as undertakers. It's a matter for discussion." "We will not fish any more to-day, Peter. I am going to the Abbey." Peter opened his eyes a little. It was a fact well known in Dripsey, that "heathen Sir Hugh " and the good old rector were not on a friendly footing. "No bad news about Sir Hugh ?" asked Peter. "WWhy, yes;-no, no-nothing in par ticular." "Miss Gertrude well, I hope? "-this with much anxiety. " Miss Gertrude is not well, and I'm going to see her. You can take that fish for your own breakfast, and there's a shil ling to get something to wash it down with." So saying, the rector, thoroughly pre occupied, put the coin into Peter's brown palm, and turned upon his heel. He had not taken many steps before he turned and again addressed Applethwaite. "Peter, you bear a bad name; but it's my conviction there are many worse people in the world than you. Peter grinned. "Stick firm to that conviction, Pa'son Frank, and you can't go wrong." " And I know you to be one of the most inquisitive fellows in existence - like Rummager, there, poking your nose into everything that does not concern you." "0!" Peter was about to enter into a virtuous disclaimer, but the rector cut him short. " Wha~t have you heard about these new comers at the abbey ? " " Mister Rockwood ? " "I know him. I allude to the London doctor and nurse." Peter slowly rubbed his head, cogitating before he answered. "The doctor bean out-and-out clever one, that be sure. He set Joe Grummell's arm which was broke in two places, an' never took a shillin'. Then he cured the miller's wife as old Doctor Bowlby give over; for which they do say the miller can't abide the sight of him-ha, ha i " "A clever man, yet always at the village inn. Scarcely respectable that, Peter." It is possible that the rector and Peter entertained very different opinions upon the latter point, the very notion of the village inn being, to Mr. Applethwaite's idea, a promised land, flowing with-well, some thing stronger than milk and honey. "The doctor do lay in the rum-and water, to be sure; but whether a bottle of rum and a thimbleful of water be too much for a man in one day is a matter open to discussion." "Um 1i-and the nurse ?" " A tidy little body, neat as a new pin, as makes no more noise than a shadder. She was down in th' village t'other day, and I'd a good look at her. She ha' got one o' them faces as you're never quite certain whether you're seeing it in profile, three quarters, or full front. Sort o' woman as would rather listen to other folks talking than talk herself." "A rather uncommon sort of woman that," laughed the rector. "Well, I shall make her acquaintance for myself. Good morning, Peter." " Mornin', pa'son." Mr. Applethwaite knuckled his forehead and scraped his boot-if not with a Chester fieldian elegance, with a something that was far higher and nobler, a genuine love and respect for the kind-hearted rector, who, again relapsing into thought, strode away along the banks fringed by tall tufted reeds and overgrown with willows, and then into the moist meadow land beyond. "Well," said Peter, with a sigh, as he gathered the fishing paraphernalia together, "I thought pa'son and me would have had a pleasant mornin'a sport; but there's no thing certain in this world, Rummager, my lass,"-and he turned to his dog-" but death and Queen's taxes." Rummager, who was engaged seeking to catch glimpses of the hidden fish through the interstices of the basket, looked up and solemnly shook her ears. Whether she understood her master's sentiments is un certain, but she looked as if she did, which was equally satisfactory to him. "I don't know much about the people up at the Abbey," he said, as he unscrewed the joints of the fishing-rod, " but Iknow some thing about one as belongs to them-that ill- looking chap with the smudge of blue on his face. He's a warmnint all over, or I'm no judge of breed. " P'r'aps we shall meet him, Rummager, down at the Arms, for he's like your master in one thing-he's got a thirst as nothing can quench, and if we meet we'll fall out." He shouldered the fishing-rods, and took up the basket. "Why, 'bless my heart,' as he would say, pa'son's forgot his book I Never knew him do that before. If all the leaves was bank notes he couldn't care more for it." He placed it carefully in his pocket, then whistled his dog. "And now for breakfast, Rummager. That handy-legged fellow promised your right honourable master a thrashing, and your right honourable ditto promised him one, which is a matter as will admit of dis cussion." And with thoughts full of Homeric battle Peter Applcthw'aite strode on his way-a different way to that taken by the rector among trailing brambles and fan- leaved ferns, and past delicious water spots still as silver mirrors, flecked by shifting shadows, and to the experienced eye full of rich promise of fish. For once Mr. Peter Applethwaite was ob livious to all this. But two things held possession of his thoughts-his fear thakt something had gone wrong withl the rector, and his resolve to give Powder Blue a thrashing. CHPTER XV. " What, not see Miss Gertrude! Why, my dear Mrs. Blcek, it is by her own de sire that I am here. See her I must, and will ! " And the Reverend MIr. Francis Mildmay emphasized this expression of his determi nation very strongly. He was standing in Mrs. Bleek's, the housekeeper's room, wiping the drops from his broad, brave forehead; for he had come across the park from the river, and had been walking fast. "Deary, deary, deary me, Pa'son Mild may ! "-and the ancient woman wrung her hands. "It's all confusion and flustration. Nothing peaceable and quiet as when I was a gal. Then everything went reg'lar, like the ticking of a clock; while now-" "In Sir Hugh's state I suppose, Mrs. Bleek, you are mistress here ?" said Parson Frank, impatiently. "I mistress! There you go again. Deary, deary me! I don't know whether the Abbey is resting on its own foundations, or stand ing on its chimney-pots. Ever since those people from Lunnon have been here I've been sitting on earthquakes, that I have ! If the ground was to open beneath my feet it wohldn't surprise me a bit! There's death in the air, Parson Frank, there's death in the air I " "What the dev-I mean, what on earth do you mean, woman ? " ejaculated the easy-goer, for once startled out of his equan imity. "I mean this,"-and Mrs. Blck sunk her voice into a whisper-" that the bark of the fox was heard all night in the copse; that them two owls in the clock- tower never stopped hooting; and the croak of the raven was heard under my own window; all certain signs, and sure that a Wentworth is about to die I " "Nonsense !" said the rector. "The death of a dozen Wentworths couldn't con cern owls nor ravens much, though possi bly the fox might have a larger interest in the matter. How is Miss Gertrude ? " " Clean off her head, I'm 'feared. She talks and raves about all sorts of things. I think her mind is gone sometimes, that I do." "The more reason that I should see her, and, above all, the doctor." "The doctor I " said a rich, mellow voice, almost at the rector's elbow. " The doctor's here, only too delighted if he can be of any service." Parson Frank, who had opened the door of Mrs. Bleek's sanctum, in preparation for his quitting the room, started, and let go of his hold on the lock. In the smiling gentleman who stood in the doorway he recognised-having more than once seen him pass the rectory Doctor Malyon. Somewhat confused the rector reddened. He returned the doctor's bow. The latter advanced with an air of easy frankness-a gentlemanly air, but little in keeping with bottles of rum and the village inn. "I must apologise for a seeming rudeness, but I was myself about to turn the out side handle of the door when it opened. Listeners, it is proverbially said, hear no good of themselves. I trust, as my listen ing was unintentional, that I am an excep tion to the rule." "I am happy to have an opportunity of making Doctor MIalyon's acquaintance," said the rector, bowing; "the more so as I have ah'eady heard of his skill, and how kindly it has been used to the benefit .of some of my parishioners." During all which stiff talk doctor and rector alternately surveyed each other. Both were mutually satisfied with the in necetion. The good parson's face was far too frank and open to give the cunning, clever doctor much uneasiness; while the mask of jovial bolnhoeuie was worn so well by Mal yon that, all cruel and criminal as he was, it required far5 far keener eyes than Francis Mildmay's to peep beneath it. Alas for Gertrude I poor Gertrude I who will save her ? "You would see Miss Wentworth ? " " Such is my wish." "My good friend, Mrs. Bleek, will con duct you to her room; but before doing so may I beg a word with you in private. Mrs. Bleek, I know, will forgive me if I ask her to give us up her little sitting-room for a moment." The doctor's wish was immediately obeyed, and the two gentlemen were alone. As the old housekeeper retired, Malyon looked after her with a shake of his head. "A well-meaning creature that, but a very bad nurse, I fear, for Miss Wentworth." "Bless me I why so ? " "Full of old world superstitions-a sort of livhying superstition herself, if I may say so-the housekeeper's wild talk is calculated to have a seriously injurious effect upon Miss Wentworth's present enfeebled mind." The rector stared, drew a long breath of' surprise; and the doctor, now very grave and earnest, went on. "Of a highly imaginative, nay, poetic temperament, Mliss Wentworth's mind, asI judge it, must at all times have been ready to receive impressions from those influences that more immediately surround her. She has received shock after shock of late, as you know; and the gloom, if I may so ex press myself, the terror of this house, has had a telling effect upon her-that effect increased not a little, I am convinced, by the constant and sole companionship of Mrs. Bleek." " But her brother, hMr. Philip ? " Dr. Maylon shrugged his shoulders, and deprecatingly waved his hand. "Wild I wild I and selfish; besides .this unfortunate estrangement between father and son-all sad, very sad-and to a mind like hers, a poetic mind, circumstances con taining the seeds of disease. The rector started, for there was that in the doctor's face that filled him with grave alarm. "You cannot think MIiss Gertrude's mind affected? " "Her mind is evidently shaken; but my fears," and leaning forward the doctor touched the rector gently on the breast, "are for the heart I " There was a moment's silence. The rector was evidently much moved. "I learn from my brother practitioner, Dr. Bomwlby a most worthy gentleman, that Lady WTentworth, this poor young lady's mother, suffered from heart-disease." The rector had heard so. " We must be very careful, very careful," continued the doctor; "for I need not hide from you that as regards Sir Hugh-" and with a gesture far more eloquent than words, the sentence was completed. "Surely there is hope-while there is life, you know, there is always hope; at least we non-professionals cling to that belief." "In this case there is no hope-absolutely none. Upon this fact I pledge you my pro fessional experience." Poor Sir Hugh I He and Francis Mild may had been far from friends; yet the news of his speedily passing away deeply affected him, principally for Gertrude's sake-the gentle, beautiful, unprotected creature. Dr. Malyon also sighed. "Death, sir, death must come to us all; but your ministering is a happier one than mine, Mr. Mildmay; you stand by the gate of sighs and tears and show the brighter land beyond. It must indeed be a blissful privilege to bring joy to our departing brother, while his eyes look out for the last time on earth to open again to bliss in heaven. These words were said fervently and without any appearance of cant. No wonder if the honest, simple-hearted rector was charmed with Dr. Malyon. "I should like to see Miss Gertrude," he said, "and give what comfort I can to the poor dear child; also, if Sir Hugh-" He paused in great alarm, for a scream a woman's scream-shrill and piercing, rung through the house. Both men, with faces of alarm, turned to dim and ghost-like Mrs. Bleek, who flung open the door of the room. "It's Miss Gertrude," she cried; "and she's in Sir Hugh's room." The rector and doctor passed hurriedly out, Mrs. Bleak following them, muttering as she did so with uplifted shadowy hands, "If signs and omens are worth anything, there's another of the Wentworths gone! " CHER XVI. To explain the sudden alarm of the Wentworth household - for the entire household was now afoot and hurrying to Sir Hugh's room-we must go back a little while, and visit Miss Gertrude in her chamber. Weak-very weak, and nervously ill, she had left her bed, and after despatching by means of Mrs. Bleek her pencilled note to the rector, had dressed herself, much against the old housekeeper's wish, the latter knowing nothing of the contents of the note. " When the heart's heavy and the head's weak, bed's the best place. Lawks-'a mercy, miss I there's no place like it, to them," she added, with adrearyreservation, "as ain't troubled with dreams, which I am I " "It is sometimes possible to dream out of bed as well as in it," said Gertrude, with a sad smile. "Well, that be true, too," assented the housekeeper, if anything cheerful could be connected with Mrs. Bleak. "With me, dreams is second natur'. The people as I do see when I'm wide awake and them dead and gone is to me miracles. Only the other night I thought I saw my poor dear husband when I was a-crossin' the stack yard, but it was only the moonlight as was shining on a donkey browsing on a thistle." "Where's that Mrs. Prudence?" asked Gertrude, with, for her, an unusual sharp ness. She had not been listening to Mrs. Bleek, but was engaged mechanically tracing some figures of flowers on paper. " She's everywhere, I think," said the housekeeper, drawing nearer to her young mistress and speaking in a whisper. " Little bit of a body as she is, this place is full of her. I hate her I Not that she gives wilful offence to any one-not she-but I can't move a dozen yards, here, there, or else where, but her red eyes are gleaming at my elbow." "I hate her, too," said Gertrude, quietly. "I never thought I could hate anybody, but I hate that woman-both hate and fear her." " Well," and poor Mrs. Bleek became immediately confidential, "and so do I. She's to me a sort of continual shiver. If she only touches me with her hand I feel her all up and down my back for hours afterwards. Now the doctor's ajolly man I " "I hate him too," said Gertrude, with emphasis. Mrs. Bleek found herself at once in a difficult position. Dr. RIalyon was a favourite of hers. Putting aside all pride and difference of rank, he had often condescended to taste old pine- apple rum in her room; besides, he had given her receipts for several choice dishes and rare drinks, himself kindly par taking of them. When Mrs. Bleek was in a difficulty she dusted. With her a duster was a crony and a friend. She flew to it on all emer gencies, and she flew to it now, and under the plea that some bell or other was ringing, quietly dusted herself to the door, and flitted a small cloud of dust before her out of the room. Gertrude walked to the window, the window that looked into the garden, but started back as if an adder had stung her. The " nurse from London," in bonnet and shawl, and with a basket on her arm, was passing through the gate that led out into the park, evidently on some errand to the village. The woman, though she turned twice to look back at the house with her keen red eyes, had not seen her; and Gertrude watched her as she passed, casting a dwarf ish shadow over the grass and flowers. Suddenly a thought struck her. The nurse away, herself releasedfrom the presence of MIrs. Bleek, she would creep up to her father's room, and speak to him if awake, or creep back after kissing him softly and tenderly if asleep. The resolve made, it was at once carried into execution. (Td be costiued.) " You can't play that on me I" said the piano to the amateur who broke down on a cithioult piece of music. 