FREEMASONRY EXPOSED. The following graphic (i) letter contributed by " A Victim" to the order, which ap pt-ared in the Freemasons' Monthly Magazine, will doubtless be read with interest : I have joined the masonic faternity, Mr Editor. 1 am a free and accepted, son, or brother, or whatever it is, of that ancient and mysterious organisation. I have belonged to many secret societies in my time-I have been an Orangeman, and a Son of Temperance and a Fenian, and, if I remember aright, I once belonged to a gang of coiners-but this Masonic arrangement, t his institution of the compass and square, distances them all. I had often wondered what sort of a thing a mason was, in what respects he differed from an ordinary being. Again and again, have I pumped persons whef I thought knew what was what, with a view of finding out some thing regarding these queer men, but it was no go. Mum was the word, and those who could tell wouldn't, and those who would couldn't; for further information I was told to go and find out. I had a vague idea of my own that a Mason was a sort of super natural being, a regular ring- tailed roarer with horns and hoofs to match, who could come down the chimney or get through the keyhole, and disappear like a flash of light ning,-a chap thac would knock blazes out of a fellow with the wink of his eye and of whom the devil himself was afraid. There is one singular thing connected with Masonry of which you are perhaps not aware, and that is a Mason never dies. Occasionally it is given out that a brother has departed this life, and the faternity is respectfully summoned to do honor to his remains, but it is all a shun), a big swindle gotten up to throw dust in the eyes of the uninitiated. The coffin is stuffed full of bricks, and de posited with due solemnity in the cemetery, while the brothers and friends are blubber ing their eyes out over the grave of the dear departed, and the departed quietly enjoying himself in the back room of some hotel, pre paratory to leaving for parts unknown. It is a fact, Mr Editor, Alasons never die. They may change their appearauce and move oil" to other spheres, but as for dying, they don't do it. It is supposed by some that after they have transacted wickedness enough on this earth they are transformed into comets and meteors and go wandering through space, kicking up shines and raising the devil generally. And a great many people suppose that the last meteoric display was nothing more or less than a free fight bet Ween some rival lodges that have crossed each others' path ; the different coloured lights betokening the different degrees they had acquired in the flesh. Freemasonry is of ancient date, as proved by the fact that during the wet season Noah used to hold meetings in the corner of the ark. He was obliged to give it up, however, owing to the curiosity of Mrs Noah, who, notwithstanding the fact that her husband placed a big pair of lions and a big crocodile at tho door as outside guard, came pretty near finding out the secret and starting a female lodge on her own hook. I must tell you the perils and trials I had to undergo to become a Mason. On the evening in question, I presented myself afc the door of the Lodge-room, No. 66,G66, si^us of the skull ;ind cross bones. I was conducted to the ante- room, where five or six melancholy chaps, in sashes and embroidered napkins, were waiting to receive me. On my entrance, they all got up and turned back somersaults, and then quietly resumed their seats. A big fat fellow, who sat in the middle, and who seemed to be the proprietor, then said, " Sinner from the outward world advance. ' I advanced. " Will you give up everything to join us i" '. Not if I know it," said I. " There's my wife and fourteen fine -" (Another party here told me it was a mere[matterofforni). Thefellowsinthetowels then groaned, and said, " 'Tis well," " Do you swear never to reveal anything you may see or hear this evening, not to your wife 1" I said, " Poll my word I will not." Then they examined my teeth and felt my muscles, and made me put out my tongue, and then groaned again. I said, "If you don't feel well, I have got a little bottle here that " That fat man here took hold of the bottlo from me, and told me to shut up. Ho then, in a voice of thunder, said, " Bring forth the goat." Another fellow then came forth to blindfold me. " No you don't Mr Mason," I said ; " No tricks on travellers, if you please. I don't believe in playing at blind man's buff with a goat. I'll ride the devil if you liko, but I don't go it blind. Stand back, or I'll knock you into smitherreens." They were too much forme, however, and I bad to submit to it blindfolded. The goat was then led in, and I could hear him mak ing an awful racket among tho furniture. I began to feel that I was urgently wanted at home, but I was in for it, and could not help myself. Three or four fellows then seized mo, and with a demoniacal laugh pitcliHd me on the animal's back, telling me at the same time to look out for squalls. I have been in a good many scrapes, Mr Editor. I've been in an election fight ; I've been pitched out of a four-storey window ; have gone down, in a railroad collision, and up in a steamboat explosion, but this goat ex cursion was ahead of them all. The con founded things must be all wings and horns. It bumped me against the tables and the stove, and tho ceiling, but I hung on like a Trojan. I turned front Boinersaults, and rolled over till I thought it was all over with me. I was just on the point of giving up whon the bandage fell from my eyes, and tho goat bounded through the window with a yell like a Camanche Indian giving up the ghost. I was in a Lodge of Masons. They were danc ing a war dance around a skull, and playing leap frog and turning handsprings, and the big fat fellow of the ante room was standing on his head in the corner finishing the con tents of my little bottle. Order was soon restored, and I was led up to a desk and told to stand at ease. The chief engineer of the establishment then put his thumb to his nose and stretched his fingers in the shape of a fan towards mo, commanded silence. The rsst of the brethren did otherwise, and were' silent. Tho governor then addressed mo : " Brother Knobb, you are now one of us. iou aro now a member of an institution that has lasted over ten million of years. From this time hence your constitution is sound, You are impervious to light and lieat, or any other atmospheric influence. You are water proof, fire-proof, and over-proof. With im« punity you may walk through the lake, or sit on a red-hot stove ; with impunity drink aquafortis, rye whisky, Wahoo bitters, or any other poisonous substance. You are free from rheumatism, dyspepsia, whooping-cough, and the measles. The sheriff dare not seize you for debt, nor the policeman for misdemeanor. You are of us, and you are safe. Here is the pass-worcl ; with that and a big club you can get into any lodge in Christendom." I thou stood the whiskey and water all the way round, and I was a free and accepted Mason. JEsthetio LOVE in A COITAGE.-Miss Bilderbogie : " Yes, dearest Joconda ! I am going to marry young Peter Philcox ! We shall be very, very poor ! Indeed how we aro going to live, I cannot tell [" Mrs Cimabue Brown : " Oh, my beautiful Mariana, how noble of you both 1 Never mind how, but where are you going to live?" Miss Bilderbogie: "Oh, in dear old Kensing ton, I suppose-everything is so cheap there, you know !-peacock feathers only a penny a-piece ["-Punch. On an occasion when Colonel Barry brought forward a motion on the British navy, Lord North said to a friend of his who was sitting next him in the House. " We shall have a tedious speech from Barry to night. I dare say he 11 give us our naval history from tho beginning, not forgetting Sir Francis Drake and the armada. All this is nothing to me, so let me sleep on, and wake me when we corno near our own times." His friend at leugth roused him, when Lord North ex claimed, " Where are we V' " At the battle °f. ^ja Hogue, my Lord." " Oh. my dear frien.l," he replied, " you have woke me a century toosoon!"-Hartford's Recollections of Wilber fores. Printed and Published by MACK and CO proprietors, 3 at their office, Sandhurst 