ACAUEMTOF MUSIC: "Cymbeline," whi?h was played so successfully at the Academy some ten. weeks ago,-, was reproduced last night, when a benefit was tendered to Miss Pomeroy, wh'o made her farewell appearance for this season.. Tnn house was well filled both in stalls, pit, .and circle—a fact due as much to the desire of the pnblic to see Miss Pomeroyls-final performance as to the sterling nature of!the play. Imogen is a favorite.- character of Miss Pomeroy's, and- she adaptB.- her acting so closely and naturally, to the varying situations of tbe part that it is impossible to speak of her performance except-, in terms of the highest praise. She becomes the embodiment of the injured -wife, strong in the knowledge of her innocence, unconscious of the source whence the cruel accusation against her comes, forlorn at the separation from her husband, and joyful again at their reunion. The representation of the: part did Miss Pomeroy infinite credit, and the audience testified by their frequent and' hearty applause theirapproval HrW. J. Holloway took tbe part of Leonatus Posthumous. He is the husband of Imogen, rash enough to. lay a stake as to his wife s virtue with tbe ! villain lachimo, and foolish enough to be deceived by.Iachimo's seeming proofs of victory bnt finally happy in the restoration of brawife, whose honor is untarnished. Mr Helloway did full justice to a liberal part, and: playediit throughout in a nsost pleasing manner. Mjr Herbert Flemmiog played lachimo, tiie villain of the piece, wjto, determining^) win hi&wager; with Leonatios, manages to got himself carried in's chjgst into linoggsi's bed-chamber, and in tha night-time steals her bracelet* notes such .lurks as he believes will canvince Leonatus,. and by these means plies him with such plausible tale ne to convince Leonatus tkai bis wife has. been false. The character one which is steeped, in consummate villanjr, and requires-a>vecy powerful representation. Mr Hemming pl«yed it in a masjsedy manner, and left ^nothing nndone to msStelus performance, equal to his preceding ono^ and his efforte-v^e certainly sucessful, and were very wc3:received. The other characters were as. follows:— Belarius, Mr Frafli Forbes; Gixderins, 3£r Neil O'Brien ; ^piragus, Miss. Constance Deorwyn; Cloten, Mr G. P. Careys Cymbeline, Mr G. B. Melville; FiBau&,.Mr E. B. Boo£hman;Phi^rio, Mr Haywird; :Garne&is;, Mr Geoige; I#crine, Mr J. % Deorwyn; Lewis, Mr Gqeige Marshall^ Caius Lnsina, Mr J. H. Deorwyn; Madsa, Mr Pashley; Varus, Mr wards; Queen, Miss Marian Melville; Helen, Miss Esse Jenyns- The play was "sery nicely Mounted *s*l the scenery- ve#y appropriate., I|i oat of the scenes Msjsrs Burton, Slack, Hartey. and Crowley sang the glee, " Hark, the lark." It was. very fairly performed, but there were some tenor notes interpolated that -the composer sever wrote. To-ntajit Mr Fairclosgh, the great Bnglish tragedian, will appear as Haaolet, Mr W. J. Houeway will plaj the Ghost, and Miss A. Decfwyu Ophelia^ Hie cast is a very strong one, and a sterling performance may fee-^onfident'y leaked for. i t M — p saS t o d 