A GHOST AT NOONDAY. We have received the following extraordinary narrative from a correspondent for whose good faith and profesaianal acuteness of observation we can vouch. He substantiates his story with full details of dates, names, and places, which, however, for the sake of the survivors, he does nut wiah to be published. Without any further preface, we lay liis letter before ojir readers:— As my wife and I were sitting at breakfast with a guest, whom 1 will call Mr A.—then on a visit for the first time to our house and neighbourhood—our maid-servaut passed out of the room on' her way to the kitchen. As she closed the door Mr A. startled nie by saying, " I saw a spirit of a man following that woman, who, as he passed, said distinctly in my hearingr ' God juilgeth,not as man judgeth. I was innocent of the murder for which 1 have been hanged. I was there, but I did not strike the blow.' " " What is it like?" I asked. He re plied by describing a young Irishman whom I recognised at once as the husband of my domestic, who a year or two before had been executed on the charge of murder. Mr A., a complete stranger to the locality, had only met me for the first time two idays before, and he was totally ignorant of the crime in which my servant was eo deeply interested. For obvious reasons the subject was never alluded to in our household, where the widow was regarded with feelings of symathy, which led us to avoid as much as possible all reference to her husband's fate. I had previously good reason to doubt whether the evidence • against him justified his execution. He had died protesting his innocent e. His wife and friends were firmly convinced that, although he had been in the fight, it was not by his hand the fatal blow had been dealt. In addition to this, I iiad good reason to believe that the real murderer was still at large. You can easily imagine my astonishment when Mr A. thus suddenly ventured upon forbidden ground, and abruptly declared that the spirit of a man who h id suffered the capital penalty, and whose p ;r«onal appearance exactly coincided with that] of the unfortunate Irishman, was actually following the servant about the house proclaiming his innocence in accents which, although in-; audible to me, my guest declared were perfectly audible to hifn. I had heard that Mr A. had been a " eeen," but I was not a little startled at this striking/illustration of his peculiar faculty.; I informed llim that the woman whom he had just seen for the first time with her ghostly companion was eally the widow ,of an executed felon Some time Afterwards he exclaimed : " There he is agai repeating the same words!" Intensely interested by this sudden and apparently supernatural confirmation of my suspicions, ship of mj I determined • to put the seer^ guest to what I regarded as a crucial test, I told Mr A. that shortly afterwards I was goijig into town, and as I should be passing thi: spot -where the murder was com-! mitted pert aps bis ghostiy visitant might indicate the place «here the dead men lay. Some time afterwards we started for the town. Wheil we left the house Mr A. remarked, " There hi is following us," alluding to the "spirit." When we had pro :eedcd part of the way along the road, which was juite unknown, to my friend, I made a detour to make a business call - and went alonjj another street, Mr A. followed me. Just as, without a word on my part, we were turning out cjf the main road, JUr A. said, "The spirit is stand- ing at the corner. He says we are not going th|e right way towards the place where the murder was comuitted, and which he has promised to point out to me." " Oh, we shall come out in the main road again by-and-bye before we reach the spot." We proceeded on about a quarter of a mile, and having done my business and struck the main road again—which differed, I may remark, from none of the other roads we had traversed—Mr A. soon after declared, "There is that man just on there, 1 waiting for us." As we continued our walk, I purposely refrained from uttering a word, or ejren from thinking, ^s far as I could, about tbe murder, so as to prevent any possibility of my companion obtaining any clue. As we were passing through one of the lowest parts of the town Mr A. suddenly exclaimed:—"He tells me 1 that it was here the murder was committed. It was just there (pointing to the place in the road where the murdered man fell). I see the hubbub and confusion rise up before me as a picture, with the people round. He, however, again tells me that he did not strike the fatal 1 blow. 1 He does not excise himself from being moijally guilty as beipg mixed up with those who accomplished tbe death of the man, but strongly maintains that Ihe was not tbe murderer." j I will only add in relation to the last incident that Mr A. -described the exact spot where the murder was committed, and the circumstances in| connection therewith. How f:an you account for that? Mr A. had never) been in the,town!before; he had neper lived yrithin a couple of hundred miles of it;!he did not know till within a day or two before he arrived that he would ever visit it; he could {not by atjy possibility have known that the poor woman in my employ was the widow of a man who 'was hanged. He had no conceivable interest in deceiving me, nor was he concerned to prosecute the matter any further. I have in vain attempted to account for bis story, nor lean I, on any of tbe popular, hypotheses, explain to my own satisfaction how he .saw that ghost at noonday. That he did see it be assured ime, much to my surprise, when no one expected any such revelation; and, whatever he saw, : it certainly led him to the exact place where >' the murder was committed.—Pall Mall Gazette. ? ? 