COLONIAL NEWS. Wo (Tenlcrjiold Shir) nve glad to hear Buch capital accounts of tho statu of tho crops, which aro looking splendid. Thc grass too is coming on rapidly. Wu mc much afraid ¡twill a very poor sonson for fruit, as tho hluuk aphias hus attacked tho pencil mid other trees to a most damaging extent. TUB BOUDKU RAILWAY KXTHNSION.-In tho Quoeus laud Legislative Assembly mi Thursday last, after como discussion Mr Ty rel withdrew his motion for u sum ouUicioiit to construct a railway from Stanthorpe to tho bonier. Tho¿.Premier stated that until mi understanding was i .00 tn tictwecn tho Uovcriimonts of New South Wal' and Queensland ns to tho point of junction it wou<M bo useless to pass such a résolu, tion ; hut thu railway would bo mudo wheu thia pre- liminary waa Betided. A return lina buen published by tho Government, in reply to a queBtion asked in tho Legislativo Assem- bly by Mr Copulnud, from which it appears that tho total amount raised by local taxation under lite ras tures and Stock Protection Act, iu 1SS0-S1, WIIB £18,33G 12s Od, nf which ¡C10.-I0S lGs4d bad boen ox pended. Thc uunthor of animals destroyed was 308,008 kangaroos, G7,S80 wallabies, 2300 dogs, and IÍ54 rabbits, Kodowing in tho wake of tho Australian Mutual Provident Society, tho Hunter Uiver Permanent Building Society aro about to i n trod nco into their business nu ob-mont of lifo assurance, by which iu casa of tho deal li of a borrower his licha may receive tho property without further payments. This ia a new departure. Tho dutica of thc litto Hov. B. Chapman, General Secretary of Foreign Missions, hiivn been temporarily undertaken by thu President of tho Conference, thu Kev, G. Woolnuugh, M.A. The late Kev, ll, Chapman waa the first minister who ever preached to a congregation of diggers nu au Australian goldfield. During the voyage of tho immigmiit ship tho Nin- eveh tho dull routine of oveuis was relieved to soino extent by jokes, mnru ur IC.B serious practised by Hinno nf thu young female immigra its «ti each other, lu uno enso, however, tho rcsub turned out Very se- rions indeed During the quiet hours of thu night one of ibu girls, wraiipud in a white shoot, passed from ono bunk to another and aroused tlio.sloopiug inmates by protondiug to bo a ghost. The »hock in ono iiiatancti wai'sn sovoro that tho poor girl lost her Yo ison, and lind tn be placed nuder medical cara. Shu was oxninlucil ou iii» arrival of tho ship b-ro und certi- fied to be iuaaue, aud was scut to Gladesville. 