WRECK OF THE TARARTTA. WESLEYAN MEMORIAL SERV10K3. Memorial services were held on Sunday, M»y 8, ic all the metropolitan Wesley an Churches in connection with the recent disaster on the New Zealand coast, the ill-fated Tararoa havine imongst ctr passengers several prominent minis terial and lay members of the Wet'.eyan deno mination who wi re coming from New Zealand to Uteud the General Conference to be held in idtlaidd tbis week. Below are reports of the ?ervices at tbe more prominent churches. FIK1B-8TRKKT CHCKCH. There were very large congregations at both morning and evening service in tb.ii church, which was epprcpriately draped with black. In the morniog, (be Rev. J. B. Stepbeotou par lormed the opening ministrations, and while ^Dgaged in prayer made special allusion to the loss sustained oy tha Church in the death of its members who were op board the Tararna. rbe organist, Mr. Chinner, then played the ' Eead March in Saul,'* and after the lessons had been read the Ilev. J. Watsford, President of tbe General Conference, ascended the pulpit -nd founded an impressive sermon upon the following text—' Let your loins be girt about and your lights burning, and ye your selves like unto men that wait for their Lord when He will return from the wedding, that p.hen He cometh and knocketh they may open unto Him immediately' (Luke xiL 35-i-). Ihe rev. preacher opened his sermon by directly applying his text and dwelling forcibly upon the certainty of death, the uncertainty of its time of coming, its sudden advent or its linger ing approach ; impressed upon the congregation bow great was the necessity for personal pre paration. Sketching with brevity the circum stances of the wreck of theTararua, with all the heartrending scenes that most have taken place on board, he pointed to it as an instance of how swiftly man is overtaken by death when death seems tor away; and proceeded to refer more particularly to those amoDg the drowned who were intimately connected with the Wealeyan Church. The list of the perished contained the names of two laymen on their way to attend the General Conference, and although he had no per sonal knowledge of them they were undoubtedly, horn tbe position they bad been elected to, faithful men. The Kev. J. B. Richardson, tbe President of the New Zealand Conference was a minister of great usefulness and fidelity cf character, and tbe Kev. J. Armit%ge was another member of the same Conference of some seven years' standing, and held the position of editor of the JV'ric Zealand Wesleyan. With these brethren he had but a small personal acquaintance, and could not refer to them more fully as he could to the Kev. Joseph Waterhouse, with whom he tad had a long and intimate friendship. The preacher then sketched his life, a short history of which we subjoin: — Joseph Waterhouse was born at Halifax, York shire, in February 1828. As a youth be waa thoughtful and well-behaved. At the age of fourteen he was one of six brothers who with their beloved mother and two sisters steod around the dying bed of the Rev. John Water house, and saw bis triumph in death. That death led to his passing from death unto life. Keferritg to it four years after, in a letter written from Hindley-street, Adelaide, he says — ' The 30th March passed before my memory. Oh what a sermon did our father then preach! Surely we that saw him die will have much to give an account of. ' Remember how I die,' ex- claimed the dying Christian. 'Remember in whose favour I die. Improve my death by believing in precious Jesus.' Ah .' he goes on to say, if we remember all his dying sayings we soon discover he taught us — but, oh! too high— ? The price of knowledge taught us how to die.' ' Taught at so costly a price how to die, the boy of 14 felt ho was destitute of a saving interest in Christ, and when attending the ser vices of the sanctuary on the following Sabbath his hard heart was broken, aud while attending a prayer meeting in the adjoining schoolroom his sorrow was turned into joy, and, looking np, he could say— 'Precious Jesus, thou art ail in all to me.' Eight years after, when on bis way as a missionary to Fiji, he visited tbe well remembered spot where he could s&y; of the Angel of the Covenant, 'and be blessed me there.' His own words, as given in a letter addressed to his sister, are— 'I arrived here !att evening, ttegardkes of tea I went to the love feast, and there was deeply affected. Probably my last opportunity of the kind in Hobart Town. The room and its hallowed associations ; the adjoining chapel and the first penitential tear I ever shed ; a crowd of early associations rushed into my mind.' He then beard one at whose hands he had suffered much abuse some eighteen months before bear wit ness for Jesus in such a manner as to astonish bim, and to lead him to say, 'He has been the means of converting Mr. ? , who spoke, stating he had been a back slider for many years. He is alarm ing the quiet souls, and doubtless 'hell ib in mourning. May God keep him faithful.' Four years after hia conversion he came to Adelaide, being then eighteen years of age, and had the charge of an important busi ness. He lived a ' servant of the Lord Jesus.' The young, tbe sick, the stranger, he diligently sought to benefit. On one occasion he met with a yoDDg man, a stranger ia Adelaide, who was far gone in consumption. Not content with praying with bim, he found the young man board, lodging, and medical attendance, and afterwards paid tbe expenses of his funeral, though to raise the money he sold his own watch. The Kev. Daniel J. Draper was then labouring in Adelaide, aud took a deep iuterest in ycucg Waterhouee. He urged him to preach, asd bis first sermon win delivered in Franklin-street Chapel. Meanwhile he was sorely tried. His employer wrote, directing him to engage in a line of business on which he could net enter with a clear con science. This resulted in his giving up his situation. A friend was raised up, however, in the person of one who afterwards was well known in Adelaide, the Hon. T. Reynolds, who subsequently was lost at sea in the ill-fated Gothenburg. Mr. Reynolds took him into part nership, and he had fair business prospects spread before him. His heart yearned, how ever, over dark, benighted, cannibal Fiji. He earnestly sought God's guiding hand, but for a time he waa perplexed m to whether he waa called to offer himself as a misaionary. Writing from Adelaide on this subject to a distant friend, he says— ' Sometimes I am at a loss as to my path. Sometimes I am overwhelmed with melancholy. Sometimes I feel as though I conld fly from myself. Some times I feel a want of resignation to the Divine will, but when I bow before the mercy-seat and gaze upon Jesus, when the eye of my faith is nruily fixed upon tbe bleeding Sivionr, my load falls eff, my mourning is turned into joy, and the thought that there will be no melancholy in heaven removes the sad feeling under which I labour. From everything Jesus whispers into my ^oul.'I am tby salvation.' Oh, what have we ijot gained when Jesus is gained ? What h cot lost %vher- Jesus is lost? We cannot do without Jeans. I am more than ever lost in contemplating His love. Tbe scheme of salva tion is incomprehensible. Mercy so great. Love eo transcendent. Let praj*r ever ascend through Christ on my behalf. I may shut myself up it my closet, but I cannot shot mjself up fron Satan. Pray for me — pray that tbe blessing ol God may rest upon my efforts to do good. Bj the fruits of my preaching only can I tel. whether God calls. As yet there is none. Ob pray for me.' At lengtn the frnit appeared God cave him seals to his miniitrv. He reens. ui?tu luc uaji, gave up uia uubiubbs, uuu weut Forth to labour, and if need be to die for Christ ia Fiji. Of his labours in Fiji and subse quently in tbe colonies time will not allow me bo write at present. He was one who was in * periis oft.' When quite young he knew whit it was to be in 'dangers on the deep.' In a letter dated Portland, August 28, 1847, he says —'On leavicg Port Phillip the vessel in which [ w&s;, together with thirty other passengers, was tailing along beautifully on a fine moonlight light about 9 o'clock. I bad been arguing as to those who should be eai-ed in cases of wreck. Some Baid, gave fust the ladies and children, secondly the gentlemen, thirdly the men. Others maintained that the rich should be first aved, as they could give compensation. I, how ever, differed with both, and declared that it fas meat consistent with reason to cast lota, lime wore on ; I was on deck. Suddenly the Fts»el strike*, it is the work of a moment. Imagine if you can the sensations of aJl on board. Picture to yourself the shrieks of females, the d&shiDg; of the seas, the general rush upon deck, the mother brirgiog her chsldren upon deck, and the pale faces of the de spondicg. The horrors of shipwreck Btared cs in the face. The swearer now prayed, the infidel unwittingly exclaimed, ' God have mercy upon us.' A voice is heard, ' Pat the tails all aback.' It is doue ; the vessel ia im movable. * Take in all the muslin.* It is done ; The vessel continues to rise and fall upon the ground with each wave. ? Lower th.? boat.' It isdoLe, There is a general rcsh. 'Standoff; Mr. H. and two hands get in, and none others' The mandate is obeyed. Grappling irons were thrown out, acd we waited for morning. The vessel continued to knock about very much, and occasionally we entertained fears that her bottom would be stc»e in. Proviicati&lly; the wind did tot rise; had it doue so we should have been lost, aa we were within a few yards of a ppot where a vessel had gone to pieces in a similar way. In tht morning we aacceedod in wearing the »hip off, e.ud made saiL' Mr. Waterhouse spent but one Sunday in bis i.ew circuit, Sandhurst. Iu the morning his text was, ?' Have yc received the Holy Ghost 6ince ye believed ?' In tbe ef ternoon hs ad crtfied the children cf tbe Sabbath-school from the words ' Father, mother,' givitg the details of the deaths of his father end mother, at both cf which he was pmeat. He concluded by ask ing the children to eing his mother's dying sotg, 'There is sweet rest in heaven.' His text in the evening tru ' Bthcld I stand at the door and knock,' and the large congregation was awed by the solemnity of his manner, and the force cfbisappeals. His homo was a Christian's lome. He was in tbe habit of tak % hit children in in turns into his study every d*y, and kneel ing aide by aide with ttis child implore upon it tbe blessing ot Heaven. The Saturday si ternoou *he* the wreck of the Tararua becune known bis bereaved wife received a long lett-r from him, which proved the last he ever penned. Its doaiog words are, ' Pray for each child, one per day ; jour loving hutbind, Joseph Water* house.' like bis father, he passed away in the 53rd jear of bis age and the 33rd of bis ministry, leaf lag a family of seven children. The preacher concluded his sermon with an earnest appeal to the congregation to ask thit the Divine solace might be accorded to the bereaved families, and to pray at all timu for those who travelled by the sea. In the evening the Rev. Mr. Kelynack, D.D., preached from the text St Jobn ziii. 7 — ' Ji»u» answered and said unto him, ' Whit Z d« thou knowest not, but thou shalt know here after.' ' Upon this text a sermon was based, in which the rev. preacher pointed out how the Divine wisdom was displayed in faturity being veiled, for, as he said, this mystery en* toe raged tbe growth of perfect manhood, and while if we conld bnt see the future we would not dare to face tbe calamities that lay before us. ? 