AUNT tt^EPS^S FOUNDLING. Bt Mb& LEITH ADAMS, Author tit "Madden UmhoIm." "Wloatowe," \- My fend ot Beatah," - Uabel Meredith^ Lore •toty,"*e.,*c... V CHAPTER XIX VAL. SINGS A NEW SOJTO. " li'i good tobii merry and wiae* Il'i good to be boneatasd trQa, If* good to?* off with tbe old lore Sefore jou'reoa with . . Thus far growled Tal Brabazon in a double-basa voice of the most harrowing description. He had big heels elevated on the window-ledge of the snug parlour of Riverside Inn. He was holding an artificial fly up between H«nn«if and the light, gazing at it with one eye open and the other closed, mentally pnttdng hi'manif inthe place of a fish, and debating in his own mind whether that fish wonld .be inclined to look upon the tiny bundle of silk and feathers in question as a fly,orpass it by aB a hollow deception. Valhad only qot as far as the verse that heads this chapter when he was inter* rupted rudely. "Take a bit of friendly advice, Val, and stick to Lesbia; yon do know that tune," said. Christy Glynn from the other side the room ; " it's less like the Boll of * Bashan in a bad humour than the present performance." . Yal turned round sharply, bringing his heels down from their 'elevated position [ with a run. "I guess he was an honest ball, and• roared his best," he said with a trace of irritation in his manner that was a rare; thing indeed. ' . ' j "Spareme the vernacular," answered: his friend proteatingly. "Ifs so expressive," said Yal gravely. "What will Lady Laura say if you continue to 'guess' and 'calculate,' and: talk about having a 'real good time,' and 1 all the rest of it, when yoirre ion leave ?" " What—the matter 1 Oh, as; to. the calculating part of the business, she'll say it's a Step in the right direction; You know, my dear fellow, I never could calculate anything—least of all my own expenses; they're always like a man who is too big for his clothes, won't fitinside my pay and allowarioe gracefully com* bined." "Yal, you're incorrigible!" " That's what the mater Bays ** ' Jt'a feoodto be off with the old love , "Beforeyou'reon . . .But the new ditty was doomed never < to be sung in itB entirety. • lfChristyGlynn was inclined to puti np with the mingled growl and grunt that Yal called his "organ," Lord Brougham' was riot, for,- ?iarig; from a well-earned; 'Tejkute • upon the- rug, that pampered | ' anunalslowly crossed the room* 'looked ' wistfully 'np into his master's face, mmI; —liftedup his voice and wept. The two! men. roared in concert,- and at -the sound; of -their hearty merriment his lordship retired, jdoubtiesB feeling that his end was gained, and that laughter was pleasant^r; than singing—as performed by Valentine Brabazon, Esq., Lieut., H.M. 200th Foot. " There,-yoasee," said Captain Glynn, "no one likes your new song—not even' the dogs"^— "They never had any taste in the musical line. You know the old chief , won't have them anywhere about . when' the band plays to delight the native ear, ever since Feel there set up a tune of hisown when Sergeant Bigg* Was playing Ids celebrated cornet solo in Nebuchadnezzar. Lord, how that little chap, Green, who'd only joined the day before, laughed! I \- thought he'd have burst - a vessel H ' wid it w^s the chiefs face as he heard the first dulcet' sounds of TeelVvoice.' ' "I should like to see the chiefs face if \- be heard the firstdulcet sounds of that song you were favouring us with just 'now." 7 '• ' 1 " 'Taint a bad song though, take it altogether,", said Yal, with a furtive glance at his companion. " I don't,want to hear it-+al together." : There Was ran expression in Yal's qtiick grey eyes somewhat at variance with the tone of bahter hitherto kept up in the conversation. The flythat he had been examining so< 1 critically now lay .unheeded' on > the W3ado**mlL v The breeze from without stirred it, wafted it, blew it away into the leaves of the Virginian creeper that clothed the side of the house like a green mantle—but Val saw nothing of all this. ' He passed 4ns hand over his head and would have rumpled his hai* up, only you ean't veiy well rumple bristles, and there was nothing etee handy—he crammed his Jhandft into 1 his pockets asif intent upon . • • Christy 'Glfnn-was reading andtsmoking at one and the same time, but the twoj occupations Combined were not so engrpsa-j ' ing as to prevent' him being aware of his companion's restless movements. . . The dark face that told so few tales was ' bent over the book in his hand as he- lay back almost at full length in one of thoBe American lounging-chaSrs that are among' the most delightful 'products of the country—the smoke from his meersolxjcuca curled up slofrly; on hiB black lockfc was perched a dark blue smoldng-eap, the work of some fair hand no doubt—his loose dress of grey Bhowed the grace and strength of his long, lithe limbs to perfection. '•What wonder is it," IW.ight Val, taking in the picture thorouyuly, " what : 'wonder is it that women: love hhn so readily V' ' ' ' Perhaps even Val, • though, hardly \- understood that there might be a woman' in the world who Bhould so love Christy; \- Glynn, that if the dark eyeB were blasted and blind, the clean-cut face scarred out; of all form and comeliness, the lithe limbs crushed out of . all grace and manliness, her heart would only cling io him more tenaciously than before: -sheY would only set herself , to be' eyes to him, feet to him, a light in the| dark night that hadovettakenilim, and a' solace in .suffering that had kid him low,' counting such service of love infinitely blessed. A man has to live many.years,; ' I'think, and ripenin character and feeling! , tyefore he has,it in him to realise; how little mere personal attractions have to do with: '.a true sroman'a love. After the rumpling process Val stood rip ' and yawned. It was not a natural kind] of yawn, rather one suggestive of some: imminent critical occasion that required^ to be ushered in by a convulsive effort »£j •sme Aort. ' : -1 > " I Bay—Chriss." , " Well ?" As he spoke Chriss .raised his < lazy eyes from his book, took the meerschaum from; ' between his teeth, and blew-a -mouthful; of smoke into the air. There was a cfitm deliberation in his look and manner that T made Yal feel as if the words,he wanted toaaychoked him. These two had known each other from boyhood : that is ever since the time when the younger cf the two rode a rocking-horse in a reckless manner that caused Lady Laura many a pang, andlooked forward to the possible day when he might load aud carry a gun " for his own self" as to a sort of Millenium. This needs mentioning to account For the terms they were on, and for the fact that, , in Yal's eyes, for any harm to happen to Christy Glynn was a misfortune no personal calamity of his own could bs . compared with. All hi* days he had looked upon this friend of his as one of those brilliant ^ beings who now and again shine upon the * world as a sort »f meteor; and had told such stozies of his prowess by flood and field: to newly-joined youngsters that the eyes oi tbose innocent scarce-fledged fo'dii-rs b>.en ready 'D co.'Je out of their beads. ^ * In speakibg of Christy'Glynn to people outside the regiment he has been in the habit at saying-^ "Yes, youknow, he's our show man, is Glynn," and young ladies in various gtrristmtowns had watched the "show man" with a due amount of awe in eonse* quenCe; while their mammas had felt that to . say in a casual manner to friends and acquaintances, "Captain Glynn was at our 'At Home' yesterday," was a pleasant kind of social experience. Now—Va, Wanted to say something very unpleasant to this good friend of Ms; what's more, he'd made up his mind to say it; and when Yal made np his mind to do a .thing, why there you were~the thing •'waff as ; good as don& " I say, old fellow"— Why need the man go and look up like that? Why could not he go on reading and listen at the same time ? Once when they were at Malta, Yal had got knocked over by fever, and Christy hiidnurisedhiih through it, tended himas ; gently aB a woman, watted by him day and night. Yal could remember waking up from the stupor that seemed to wrap him round like some dark cloud, ..to see this friend sitting by his bedside with just Buch : a' look of quiet attention on his face as that which confronted him now. " Damn it," said Yal, under that mighty moustache that gave him so fierce an aspect. ' ' " By all means if you wish it; but what' is it, my dear fellow 2" replied his companion. '•'Well, it's this—does that girl, Missy 1 Jeva, Aunt Hepay's Foundling,; know that you're engaged to !Elorence Grahaml" . Where a woman would blush a- man pales. . Christy Glynn's cheek grew white for; all hiB swarthy skin, and he laid the meerschaum down upon the table, for the hand : that held it shook. . " One does not," he began, " speak of one's private affairs to a person of that; sort," were the words that tobo to his' lipe—words that were never uttered. 1 The remembrance of soft arms clinging; . about hiB neck, of trembling lips pressed: to his, of sweet eyes full of unutterable: tenderness looking up into his face, held: them back. So he amended the sentence thus :— ' " One does not label oneself as an engaged man to all the world.". "No, no, certainly not," said Yal; '•" I don't do that myself,' though there's a little girl waiting , for me at home, as you know—still"—— "Still what'?" ! "WhenI was up at Mapledown the: other day this girl was there toe—Mrs. Trevenick and I began totalk about you—— . . :.;:'" . " You began to talk about me, you mean, Yal; it's a way you have," put in the other smiling; "Well, yes,l began it, but. she liked it j and some one else liked it too,; Chriss." • ' How - well this man whom. Jeva loved eould fancy the look of beautiful joy in: those lovely eyes, the faint smile trembling roupd those perfect- lipe aa she listened! * " I* was letting my tongne hrn on—you know my way—when all at once l caught sight of her face. She was sitting near the window, working at some sort of thing all leaves and flowers. She had laid it down on her lap and was looking round at me. I've seen my little girl look something like it, when the master's been saying that in spite of all shortcomings I'm not a bad sort, take me altogether. I felt 'kinder troubled' as they say in these parts, and abut up—about you, I mean. Then you know I met you walking with the girl in the woods one day—no, two days wasn't it—and if ever 1 saw Love e written in a woman's face—I remember my little girl looking something like it that time when I popped the : question behind the big oleander in the blue tub in our coDBervatoiy at home. ' Will you have me, Lottie 1' said I, * I have my failings, but some people say I'm not a bad. Bort, take me altogether f and then she looked at me something like that you know—something like that"——• . Was it possible, thought Chiisty Glynn, that Val imagined there waa anything in common between that Ttmnd-faced, round ej ed Bchool-girl to whom he was engaged for apparently" an indefinite number of years, and—Jeva ? 0 :how fair his deox love looked as She atood under the greygreen shadow' of the trees gathering- her fiiger tips into a bunch against hef lips, and waftuig him that farewell kiss! "Yousee," said Yal,.fidgettingabout in an altogether toying, .and restless maimer, "sometimes . those most concerned are the last to. see things ; and I'm sure I don't wonder at It—women ate ,so ready tb' fall j m love with y.ou, and do lb so thoroughly When they set about it why there's Florrie : Graham, y6u know". . , Christy was refilling the bowl of the meerschaum and had tobend over it very closely. It took a long time,to do too for his hand was not as steady as might haye been wished. v. , ' " If you thought Miss Heed ought to know of my being an engaged man, why did you not tell Mrs. Trevenick of the fact? That would have answer^' the purpose admirably." ' * I never did a sneaky thing in my life —yet," said Val, hotly. After that there was an uncomfortable silence only broken by. the sharp sound of the vesta with which Captain Glynh relighted his pipe. He devoted himself to making it draw properly, and then turned to hiB companion. x t I know you never did. I'minadevil of.a temper this morning, that's what it is. As to what you have been saying, Val, I—mean the girl no harm" , Lieutenant Brabazon's round face flushed all over a deep dusky red. "Good God, Chriss!" he said, throw* ing himself half over the intervening table in the eagerness of his speech—'" 1 never thought you did—jjn ! that way. I should be ashamed to let such a thought cross my . mind—why the girl's the pride of the village—and there's Aunt Kepsy who worships the ground she walks on— and /Mrs. Trevenick—to say nothing of . Florence Graham—why, Chriss, my dear fellow, what do you^takeme.'for ?" j "An honest" fellow, Val—an holiest fellow." " 1 don't know about that," said poor j Yal, -once more trying • the rumpling process, and failing as usualin consequence •of «paKneSs of material to go. upon;; •"I've been no saint—fewmen have if you come to that—and if I keep out bf mischief now, why there isn'tinuch credit in that-with my little girl waiting. for me a home. ' I don't - xnetcn to. try and- take an -credit for it—that would be like poor old Grimper's wife saying she ^wouldn't like to accept too much Attention from any man,' and turning npier fishyeyes like a dying duck in a thunderstorm when every one knows Grimper has to grovel on all fours to the greenest youngster in Ours to go to one of her infernal Bkittle parties—.—•" "Val, you're besstly vulgar," aaii Christy, feeling, however, no small relief in discussing Mrs. Major Grimper's peculiarities as a distraction from the other subject in hand. "Well," paid Yal laughing, "not exactly akittios—croquet—that's it—weak tea and Bcandal thrown in gratis—bah ! I hate such women." • ; - " So do most fellows," Said Christy resignedly. "I shall exchange when I marry," Baid Yal, looking immense by virtue of his demeanour ; " that is if Grimper hasn't skedaddled before that happy day arriveB." Tlien he began to whistle—very much out of tune. All the dogs got up as one dog, and Va:kf*d in corocrt, wenting a walk ; but at the word of command they lay down again arid held their peace, keeping, ho wf ever, a watchful eye, or rather many watchful «yee> on the proceedings of their master, • " I say, Chriss; you're not—vexed al anything I've said, 1 meanT' " Why should I be X Didn't I tell you I knew you for an honest fellow 2 As to the girl" Something stopped the man's words when he got thus nr. "As for the girl," said Val taking up the unfinished sentence; "she is not like any girl I ever rawbefore. She's only in the position of any farmer's daughter, as you may say, and yet—why, Chriss, my : lady-mother herself isn't more of a gentlewoman. There, I cannot say anything more than that, can 11 It may seem a strange sort of thing to come into a fellow's head, but I really do think Mrs. Trevenick would like her tomarry that lad of hers, Walter. He's not a bad sort either, I can tellyou ; the mater thinks no end of him." • A thrill passed through Christy Glynn's stalwart frame fromhead toheeL Marry her—marry Jeva—his love—his darling—the girl who had wafted that precious greeting to him through thb gloaming—and yet—Val was right. Besides, was ritit a letter lying in the breast-pocket of his coat at that very moment, a letter written in a slanting pointed hand, and signed "Florence Grahaml" The man who is weak may bring almost as much misery into the lives of others as the man who is wicked. Christy Glynn had had no idea to start with of doing more than enjoying a passing flirtation with a pretty dairy-maid : and yet, the end had been that passionate love-scene in the woods from which the sunlight had faded. The end—yes—it would be best so. She would forget it—girls an like that. She was flatteredby the admiration of a man in a station of life higher than her, oWn. It was the usual thing, lui ouun , autre ,* the very memory of it would pass from her mind by the next summer came round like an image from the mirror that reflects it. Thus the man lied glibly tohis own heart, and knew that he lied. "She has the sweetest eyes I ever saw," said Val's voice, breaking in upon this disingenuous reverie: " they have a look in them like one sees in the eyes of a -stag; She's a girl 1 who would fret over a thing, Chriss. It's because I think this that I made up my mind to give you a hint, and run the risk of your thinking I was takiBg too much upon myself— perhaps telling me tomind my own business. I don't think I could have done it at 401, only for us having known each other so long — and all that sort of thing." The continued eilenee of his companion, the dark brooding face that seemed so full of inscrntable thought, troubled Yal sadly. J3ad be probed a wound, fancying it but a flesh-cut,and waa it after all deep and deadly ? "Was the woman who looked like "one who'would fret over a thing" doomed to bitter thought ? i Thinking of that "little girl" of his who ' was ^waiting for. him at home (and likely to -wait, for-' her lover was not highly gif tedaBtofortune), Val grewv^ry tender L over'the thought of "a w;oman'k sorrow— very . chivalrous towards the sex in general.. . • Then there was Florence Graham, that proud, imperious maiden—what of her in this tanjgled web of circumstances! It was enough to make any man rumple his hair, ^ in'default of being able to fin thsctvent for. his feelings, twiBt and twirl his moustache this way and that. Outside the Biver Inn the sun was shining gloriously ; the ripples of the river, whose bright surface gleamed through the trees, were tippedwith silver. , In the garden below a man dressed in a suit of pepper-and-salt coloured mufti, yet indubitably a soldier for all that, waB playing with the landlady's daughter, tossing the child up into the air and catching it again, white the mother stood by well pleased; The summer air was glad with the little one's ringing laughter, and the gay twit^ tering of the birds as they fluttered from branch to branch. Captain Glynn had crossed the room above,, and stood just a moment looking at the : bright beautiful river, the green boughs gently swaying against the skyj and far. away in the distance the clustered foliage of the woods. Then he called to the man belo^ " MaBon." " Yesnr," said Mason, becoming all in a moment like a man without b joint in his body or an idea in his mind. "Have my traps ready for tomorrow, and take a ticket for the' morning boat to St. Kuthven's." '' . ; " Yessir." said the jointless one. Tbe landlady's baby, conscious that a Btern fate had put an end to that delicious game of romps, sat on the grass with its thumb in its mouth and wide eyes staring up at the cause of this unseemly interruption. • '' ] '.. :. " By Jove !" said Val under Ms breath as ChriBty Glynn left the room, ^' sharp's the word !" Then he lighted a cigar, put his hands into his pockets, and, with the dogs yelping and tumbling over each other at his heels like so many .fiends, strolled down to the river. As he went his] way every now; and then he pulled up,' looked thoughtfully on the ground (while the dogs went mad, thinking their master had spotted game of some sort), , shook his head, and then Btrolled on agaia. CHAPTER XX, DWELLING UPON PISGAH, 2fow that Aunt Hepsy knew the bitter truth—knew that years of helpless dependence upon others might be the fate in store for her—the daily life at Beed Farm had its full share of troubles.' A nature that has always rather shrunk from than expanded toward, sympathy of any. kind iB apt to sour under trial; and to the active there are few trials so hard to bear as that of compulsory idleness; To sit through the long day with her once busy hands before her, or to try and knit, with the bitter consciousness over her'that stitches were dropped here and there, of which Jeva said "nothing,, but caught them up as' best as she could When she had a chance ; to hear the cry of'the swallows as they flew,and yet, strain iter eyes skywards as she would, never to catch a glimpse of anything more than a blurred patch of shadow flittingacross the disc of her vision—these things tried Miss Hepsy almost beyond endurance. She \- grew to have an injured feelingabout it t —the^ sorrow was too new to- be hushed y' into that peaceful resignation : to 'Heaven's will that is the sleep of pain.' As a person who is growing deaf is always trying tohear, so Miss Hephzibah was always trying to see, until Fostie grew to dread meeting the eager, peering eyes that saw all things through a veil, as though they had the power attributed to the "evil glance," arid used to dodge round corners, and flit by doorways and windows, more like sahaggy brownie than one of : the best'and most thriving farm overseers in all the countryside. Miss Hepsy felt that everything was against her. Looking back into the vista of the years, even the death of the " old minister" took the guise of an injury. If Patrick Kearney could come and have a chat with her in the best parlour, she felt that things would "lighten a bit," as she pathetically expressed it to her own troubled heart; if he could sit in the old black horse-hair chair that was her father's before her, as he used todo, and—no— she couldn't see the smile on his face or the clear shining of his eyeB. She had forgotten ; she was only a poor blind old woman nowadays. Still she could hearken to his voices-he could tell her how she iiiid iid* lioubitd wci'ti efat in uid ^truiytsru, laid before God for her, v That was how the old minister used to talk. It did your heart good tohear him. ] Haif ybtir load of sin or sorrow wita gone when you had told hhn of it As to the Rev.. Peter Grimshaw, the new of Godsville Church—bah !—Afi^ Hepsy hadn't patience to think of him much loss to listen to him. No one cased.to listen to him' except when they couldn't help themselves on Sundays; and didn't he just take it out of them then—that was all! When he paid a pastoral visit he had a •nervous way of coughing slightly between each few words, that Miss Hepsy declared made her feel " all pins arid needles." He was a valetudinarian—complained of the cold in winter and of the heat in summer; wore mysterious garments swathed about his lean, lank body in the formed, and walked about under a huge umbrella by way of sunshade in the latter. He always kept his own physical condition under a mental microscope ; and of what good Was a man like that to.heal the . spiritual: sorrows of others 1 It comforted Miss- Hepsy to call tomind the fact that we are tola the blessings of religion are often given to us " in earthen vessels," and to look upon the new minister as delf I of the very poorest description, that would disgrace the china-shelf of any! thrifty housewife. : ' That folks should have been rung tochurch tohear Patrick Kearney by three cracked bells in days gone by, and that now a tuneful peal summoned Godsville to listen to this his unworthy successor, had been intolerable to Miss Hepsy. She had indeed absented herself from public worship for three successive Sundays; arid when she appeared in her accustomed place once more, wore so defiant an aspect, that in repeating the confession she! seemed rather to be hurling her sins and shortcoming at the pastor's head than; owning to them in any spirit of humility. She held herself rigidly upright, and herverybonnetribbonstrembledassomereference to the new bells was made in the sermon. People said to one another that Miss Hepsy was in " one of-heir turns." If they had but known it, the half of the woman's irritability arose. from a dread,unacknowledged^even to herself, of some evil that was coming ; some " cloud and much •darkness," that, thoiighas yet. hardly bigger than a man's hand, fehould close over her head at last, and groping in whose gloom she should most sorely miss the hand of that friend who had never failed her, who had never failed any one, who had-laid down his life because he would not turn from tin outstretched hand —Patrick Kearney. It was. marvellous to see with what a beautiful gentleness and patience Jeva tended her more than mother in these days of trial. " She's as tender over her as a mother over a sucking babby," said Frostie tothe wife of his bosom; " it fair makes your heart squirm within yer to see her ways, watching over her as if she were you, Lass-o'-mine, in the days when Missy Jeva first put her bibs o' feet tothe ground and pult herself up agenyouby yer apron, and you laughed and cried betwixt and by turns, and says you to me, ' Samson, ain't she cunning now—ain't she jest V " Maggie^ -who was washing her youngest hope but one,'overcome by this {reference to Java's childhood, .'set him down on the floor with a plump, which in his unclothed condition was net pleasant for him, and put her apron to her ieyes. - " Nay, I didn't have no meanin' for to set thee off frefctin'," Baid Frostie, with his hand on her shoulder ; " I know thee d could; never love any of us, not even me, thy own lawful man, as thee dost Missy Jeva;'taint nat'ral-like aB she shouldn't come firstwith thee, Maggie—for wasn't she the firBt-bornof thy heart, as it were?" Here Frostie stopped a moment and breathed hard. That last sentence had a grand ring" about it he thought, and' deserved some slight tribute of admiration from the very limited audience towhich it was addressed. But Maggie made no sign, so he took ~up his'parable again, and set the discarded one upon his knee at the same, time, as a more suitable seat than the floor,for one clothed in nothing but a shirt, and that a very short one. " What I was driving at to say, lass, is this—it's a kind of picter for a man to carry in his mind toBee Missy Jeva a- tending the mistress, the way -she's doing now, for she's a bit grouty is the mistress now-and again—a bit short like with all of us—and there's always the gentle word ready' as turns aWay wrath—and up she runs and down she runs, and around she runs, does Missy Jeva, till she's like a .dozen pair of eyes to Miss Hep'sbah or the best of glasses as was ever bought at a store. The way I look at it is this—it's a kind of a commentation on Scripter— that's, what it is—'Cast thy bread upon the waters and thou shalt find it after ; many days."' Here Frostie pulled up suddenly, took his cap off, looked into it as though he , were inclined to think some solution of a • difficulty that beset him might lurk therein, smoothed his heir down, and then ; further opened his mind to Lass-o'-mine. "There's something amifes with that idea, Maggie, for you see it were' the babby as were cast upon the waters—no, upon the door-step—not Miss Hep'sbah's bread—still I'm kinder sure that what I'm < drivin' at is what the'Lord means when : He drawB our mindls to that there sayin' of His. I think of it 'casionally when I help * Savory's widdy with that blessed rent!of ; hers that's always laggin' behind like a' lame donkey. I looks at my dollar- piece, | and says I to myself, ' I guess I'm casting j my bread and Maggie's arid the children's upon the waters—dirty waters they be too,' says I to xnysdf, ' wi'lots of muck floating in 'em here and there and everywhere'—for I tellyou what, lass, that evil tongue o' Savory's widdy grows wuss and wuss. It's a way them sort has, I reckon, like stinkiri' meat, older they get, worse -they stink—but Savory says to me, '.Frostie,' says he,' give the old woman a hand'—so I'm kinder pledged, you see, to help her along with that lame. donkey of| hers. ' ' Samson,' says she to me, when I looked in the ' other night to give it a shove in the way it should go, and never don't, show < no inclination to go—' Samson,' says she, i J t I guess I could tell thee summat as 'ud . . rizthe hair off thy head.' ;' Don't then,' • said I, ' for Lord Almighty's sate 3 My misBis wouldn't like to see me without no ; thatch a-top o' me,' says l, backing out. into the Btreet; and then I heard her a-. larfmg to herself, arid when I- took a squint through the window,^ there she was a f pekin' herself backward arid for'ard, wl' her apron—and it lookiri' . as if it ; hadn't made acquaintance with the washtub this forty year and more—stuffed into. her mouth." She's a real nasty sort is Savoiy's -widdy," said Maggie, putting a finepolish on the unfortunate, whose toilette for the night had-been an intermittent pro-- cess'; " but I try to put up with her for her man's sake as is gene, and I make; believe' I'm as deaf as Jim Hindle's old ' grandmother, who asked if any one was calling of her that time when the lightning boltfellin their woodyard, when she begins to speek agen this one and that. Oh, but Samson, I guess poor old John put in a weary time of it along wi' her: God rest his soul—I am glad he's quit of her." "That's-so, lass," said Frostie with a huge sighy " but 'tain't' every man can look to have my luck as far as missises go —they're a land of merchandise as there's never no sayin' how they'll turn out, is womenfolk : once they get the bit in their teeth and feel they can make things mighty unpleasant for the chap as is harnessed alongside of'em if they're so minded, it '.ud take a knowledgeable man , to fay uJiat they'll be at." Frcstie thought secretly that he improved an oitttor us he got on ia life, and he gave a " wee glink" out of the corner, of his eye' to see if Maggie w&s; cS the asme opinion. But Lass-o'-mirie had put the youngest bat one into hn bed, taken ; the round-eyed baby from the small ielp who presented a sadly iopieayy ' appearance when 1 ' fulfilling the duties of her position, and .now, as die snckled it, began fcosing softly to herself. She 'was thinking of that fintborn of her heart, " Missy Jeva/' was Maggie, and re&ly; to smile. toherself as Bhe crooned £he song that had been her nursling's favourite.' ! , She called to mind how the child's sunny brown-curls had lain back against her shoulder that May day long ago when together they" sang of that bright land of rwt and liberty, the Land of Canaan that Jeva and the General saw fit to set outpresentiy iri search of.' T her thbughts travelled on tothe present, and she remembered the look on-Miss Jeva's face that" very morning as ehe came into the house on her way to the ferry—her lands full of' flowers, her pocket full of sweeties for the little ones. " Her eyes looked like as if they were full of the sunshine," thought Maggie, rocking baby softly to and fro, "Lord love her dear heart 2" The eyes of love are quick; and Maggie read her darling's heart aright. Life was all sunshine toJeva now. She was ready tobe angry with herself at times because its radiance would not pale, even before those anxious thoughts about Aunt Hepsy that kept her awake at nights, and were oft-times chased from her mind by remembrances so sweet that they seemed like angel visitants. He loved her—he so good—so true—so tender —he to'high above her! Their love must be a secret for, awhile—he had told hpr so :be had said if "it were known it would " make trouble for him." So she was content to watch and wait. There are some things in life that it is sweet towatch and wait for. It did not seem strange to her that he should wish this precious love of theirs kept secret. She- could' well imagine, she thought; how many difficulties lay in his way—how hard it would be for him to reconcile his friends tosuch a marriage. For was Bhe not, after all,' only Aunt HepBy's Foundling—the baby that came from no one knew where—the baby that was called " nobody's ?" •One moment these thoughts bf humility would chasten her joy ; the next, everything but the consciousness -of her power of loving him wafa swept away by a rush of pride and tenderness that made her heart throb and her eyes blind with tears. She was living an enchanted life; a life that lifted her above all things around her. Dwelling upon a mental Pisgah from whose summit she could look upon a promised land of exquisite beauty ; even as Mobcs saw "all the land of Judah unto the utmost sea," and " the fair city of palm-trees," so Jeva saw the life that was coming one day stretched out before her eyes like some. lovely vista, along whose verdant expanse flowersthat could not fade were blossoming, while in the waving -branches of the trees birds innumerable sang with entrancing sweetness. Along such a way should her happy feet walk—with her dear love for ever by her side; She never felt as if she were alone even in the lonely woods; she could not be alone, for thoughts Of Christy Glynn bore her-sweet company. She grew to love and seek solitude because it was peopled by such pleasant ghosts—dear Bhades of joys that were past, happy fancies of still sweeter joys tocome. This was the inner life she led. The outer one consisted of much tender thoughtfulness for Aunt Hepsy, much running about on errands, much patient effort, tobe the very eyes of her whose own eyes grew daily more and more , dim, much gentle tolerance of irritability (for Buffering makes the best of us irritable); and there could be no doubt at all about i it,' Miss Hephzibah was often in these days what Frostie called a "bit grouty," and sometimes the "bit" was a little bit and sometimes a big bit. Nothing; makeB us so tender towards the little failings of another as a shade of self- reproach in our own hearts ; and Jeva could not always keep self-reproach at bay. Even thought she knew ahe was only silent about all these fair new hopes of hers in deference toher lover's will, it hurt, this hiding away things from those who loved ber and to whom she owed so deep a debt of love. Hitherto her'life had been like an open page; cow the book was closei and' clasped. • ' •• She was not sorry that just at this time a friendcame tostay with Mrs. Treveniok, and the " white days" were interrupted. It almost'hurt her more to be keeping things back from Mrs. Trevenick ' than fronTAunt Hepsy. Jeva thought a good deal of Walter, too, at this time: why, it. would perhaps be hard to say: but for Some reason or other,' the- honest, greyblue eyes of her old play-fellow often came toher remembrance. ' Of course no one in the wide world, no man that ever did live, or ever should live, could hold a candle to Christy Glynn, but yet—she wished very much indeed thatshecould be quite sure Walter would not think ill of • her if he knew all about these last few strange days of her life. Dear Walter—how kind he had always been to her! Once when she was quite a j mite of a chila they had wandered too far up the river side. She had got so tired, so tired—the little legs had lagged sadly, the Btin-bonnet drooped like a big. drooping flower, and so, at last, Walter picked her up and carried her all. the test. of the way-home. It was odd how, when she looked back upon past days, it was almost always like that; she almost always had to remember some danger in which Walter .had taken care of her, some difficulty that he' had helped herover—a spotted snake wriggling - had in and out among tile dead brown leaves, from the sight of which she : to hide her face, sun-bonnet and all, against his—a big log that : his strong' arms had. to lift her over—or a brook that had to be crossed by natural stepping-stones, Walter bearing her aloft and leaping from one to the other,' ia' process'that BO delighted her ahe had to clap her hands when he set'her down upon the other side. . Walter would be glad Bhe was happy. People's tbrotbers were always glad, and when they were glad soity when they were s'ori*y ; at least, that' ought to be the way of . things.. When Daniel Beed -arrived from Europe, he would be sorry to Bee his sister ^Hephzibah in tumble-—so grieved that, fehe could not look upon his face with eyes that should note every change the pasBirig of the years had made j that she, Jeva, would need do all die could to comfort him." \- In the same way, only in a different •ort of the same way, Walter, her brother by adoption, would be happy in her happiness, when he knew of it. Already , he had seen this beautiful lover 1 of hers;; he did not know all that was going fo happenor he would have looked at him > closer. When; she went rip to him and' said, "ChriBty Glynn loves me, I am to. be MB wife-fl aid not think ariy'prie colud be so liappy," Walter would take both her hands in his—he always did that - wheu they met and when they parted— and she would met that cheery smile of his that waa somehow brighter than most otDer people's—the smile' that brought such a merry light into his eyes. Yes: Walter, would be delighted to think of his little playfellow being made a real fine lady, and, better still, beloved by such a man aB Christy Glyhn. . It would be like having a weight lifted from • her heart when she could tell about this: new sweet happiness that had come into her life; deep as her joy now was it yet' lacked something of perfection in that she could not iftire tt with those she loved. '•-•-• " Whit would Maggie—^ear, 'good Maggie—say ? She would laugh and cry by tufns, and catch up the round- eyed' ba&y; and kiss it till it gasped again. ; Maggie ifdways did that when'^ttdng pleased ner very much, Bo l baby ought to; be riBed- to.it by this time. .. Frostie would bring hiS hands hard togetherone in - the other and say, Well—now!" : • - It was three days since Jeva had seen j Christy Glynn: three days since $hat .she had wafted.lrim £hat kiss fromher 'finger- i tips and then walked heme through . the quick-coming gloaming' that bad - turned all the worid grey i three days *ifice the voice of the bells ' had seemed 1 tosin^ so sadason£. Three. long 'days. hen Never in all the-past had the hours seen fitto lag in euch a lazy fashion to pretty Jeva. Busy peopTe^iever findthe days too long, and Aunt Hepsy had not reared her foundling to be a. laggard you may be sure. But though almost every hour -the lithe slender hands were busy—though Tuesday was butter-day and those delicate yellow rolls had to be dropped : in h>ws on. the slate-slab from deftlyrwielded erimping-bdards, though Jeva had to be here, there, and every where because Aunt Hepq^ could do little more now than sit by the window and make believe to knit —the days .dragged, for their'wheels were clogged with longing. Jeva had never known what it was to have a pang of that terrible mental pain 1 called'heart-hunger till now : to long for the sound of a voice and the iclasp of a harid arid the. touch'oflipB, onhersas* 3 he thirsty long for water and the weaty' sigh for rest.' . Wednesday, in the ordinary- course of events, would have been a " white day;" but events were not by any means talang their ordinaiy course just now. For one thing Mrs. Trevenick had a visitor at' Mapledown, an old schoolfellow, whom chanoe had drifted to Godsville during a Canadian! tour. Not that any one being at Maple-! down.excluded Jeva—far from that; but it- wasn't the same thing, and those long afternoons of pleasant readings could not be. Besides, Aunt Hepsy could not be left for long together, or rather (for the prtiud woman never appealed for compassion or comfort to any living. creature), Jeva could not te happy long away from her Bide. If Aunt Hepsy ever bowed hei; head under the weight of the sorroW that was to come'upon her it was to Heaven alone. When the day that should have Seen a " white day" came, Jeva was.posseSsed by the spirit of restlessness. " What if'he should go to the woods expecting to see her? What If he should watch arid wait in vain ? He had-said that he was going away, but he would npt;do that—not with! out seeing her again; ahe was sure of that. r She would try not to look too sorry about hu going, because it might pain him tosee her ; sad ; and, besides, he might' fancy she did riottriist him as fully ana entirely as she did. j He would not leave her quite alone. No j for ever dwelling with her would be the abiding sense: of his; love, sweet thought* of all his: looks arid words, arid—dearest guest Of all—the hope gf seeing him agamj But she could not, must not, let him be disappointed of any hope that it was in herjpower to make a Reality. ' Therefore phe was glad when Mrs; Boberts dropped in thai Wednesday aftezf noonr-rtfo day that .should, have peeri r a " white day" < in the ordinary course, off tilings—to have a chat with Mias Hephzibah about the new farm that was' rising Phoenix-like upon the ashes of the old one; and to tell all about the little oriee being so lonesome without poor Jack-jwho, when his day's log- drawing was ove*, had been wont to enter into the family interests as a trusted member of the same, - until it waa time togo tobed'in the grejr mare's stable. < Jeva then, hearing these domestic histories in full swing, felt freeto follo# the guidance of her own sweet will; and some "spirit in her feet" led her to thalt green nook where the &reat; tree lay across the babbling brook. Things looked much; .the same as whe^i she was last there—only with a.difference. • Her solitude was absolute. No faint, pungent scent of cigar-Bmoke came stealing on the sun-warmed air; no footfall made the twigs crackle,; no dark,^fond; eyes watched her from the opening in tfap trees. She lingered long, "hopb deferred" making her young heart sick within her. ' . ! She lingered until the snowy owl, creeping out from.his home in a hollow; tree, began to say to the woods " How sorty-jhow sony he waa"—for what 1 Anyway, Jeva didn't feel inclined to reproach him for his sad song this; time; for was ehfe not sony.too? ' . ' . ; Mrs. Boberts was just getting up from her. chair to say good-bye when Jeva : reached home ; and Aunt Hepsy -hastened., to say that- some biscuit was keeping hot in the oven, and the "tea was standing by the stove carefully covered with a saucer. Jeva drank the tea/somewhat tepid it was; but something seemed to rise in. her throat and choke her when she triedto eat the biscuit. After night comes morning, and with the new day hope lived again. . - : ' j , "I shall see him to-day," said Jevatb herself, "not in the woods.fop he will riqt look to find me there, but perhaps somewhere—passing down the village with his fishing-basket on his shoulders and the long rod in his-hand, as l have seen hiiri' so often. or coming up from the Post- Office. I shall only' see him fof a moment passing by,.. stiU. it' will be better ,than nothing." But the lonfT BUt&mer; day wore on and she did not meet - Christy Glynn anywhere. * •.-•> " It was' but an ill chance," rfhe thought. Towards afternoon Miss Hepsy asked her to go over the river on an errand to a farmer who lived on the other shore. ;- i ' Jeva 'wished she eould think of any excuse under the sun-for putting on the grey stuff dr^ss 'and tiie lmbt of cherry ribbon—just in case she met those two' ardent " English fishermen anywhere about. •'..'.- But Maggie arid the wide-awake baby were spending the day at Beed Farm, and to put on your Sunday frock ona- week day, unless you were going to a set teadrinking whezfe such developments as dough' nuts and sloe-beiiy jam might be looked for, would have seemed a sort bf setting aside of the whole course of nature in Maggie's eyes. ' So the : btown dress and hat to match; had' tosuffice,' and off set Jeva down to the ferry." On. her way, she. met .a neigh-' bour, and,the neighbour was full ol doat,,'; mentioning among other items: of/-local news, that " one of the English gentlemen i at the River Inn had gorie away by the : morning's boat i ajd wasn't It a plty now for Mrs. £png.l. The kudladyhadn'thad' such a spell-of good luck for many a day,, as two SIngluh gentlemen, a sort of folk aa -iB free with their money, stayin' in the house, ahd Mrs., Long bein' bu| lately>a widow 1 and left with young^ chJ^dren, deserved every assistance Providence', oonld put in her way;" Then Jeva went. onherway. ' And so his friend, the - funny 'little gentleman with the still funnier dogs, !l was gone back toSt. Ruthven's, and Chriity Glynn was alane. . / :'. • j • ;' Well it waa pleasant to be alone some- ' times; it gave you mare time to think. j What a beautiful day it was tobe tmre ! -( How the rivergleamed in the 'sunshirib'! Presentiy the feriy-l^t. ca&ej;^fwa/ with tj^e poorpatient none w^p.^jn^yedthk' paddle going round and roundonhis weary r tramp, doing his best to get on and never i gaining s yard except fat others. The < soft rush of the -wheel 'through 'the waier had a pleasant sound; and very soon they had crossed i&eshuung.taU; i of waters an2 were at the otHe^-toMe*-* . Leaving the ~Irid&n; aqriaud filthjr iaM on the i hw way to-thefarinwli'' for Aunt Hepey. in ^ vii ' That^one rfM -was wiled 'by the be4utjf •bf the day to wander tip the 4iver, Odtaitfg to a tritratuy tWsatn' that edtak sobbing softly ^own between &br;>ierdant banks,'i^W bo reason why she should not folio wits donrje awhile. J Here was no hurry; and how pleassnt it wa« f nfe^ef tKe shadow of the trees'! She' had 1 not wandered far when she eat her dowri to rfeet/' The stream - flowed • gently along Hat 1 her feet—so gently ahe coriid hardly s tell it moved save for thfe leares that floatedSlowly' cmwan&j; twirling now and again in the 1 lotig eddies that canght and hdd them asif m loying dalliaice and merry jest. ' - • How still it all wail • "Sudi ; lo*- murmurings as came fromthe water or tba leaves overhead*—audi sounds'- as;' tho twitter t>f a l ^ or the 'faU of a twig, hardly seeriied so much to 'Weak; the silence as to be a part of it. 1 . 'Hefre''and there a great green frog sat with his head above water and looked blinkirigly at ttte still figure bn the bank with , its geldeit eyes—ready to reverse 'himself in % moment and disappear with a quick pltriigo if He should see ht. How beautiful it was! The trees met overhead, t£e soft ruah of wings now and agdri stirred the air. : ' •••- How all the mingled sweetness o£ retrospect and anticipation abemed to gather round Jeva's heart! Sue "was So happy-^so'happy—inthe thought of 4that dear lbve 6f beta. : I Saddenlya sound broke the quiet; a sound that was not one of nature's voices. Jeva knew it for the regular £Iash of "a canoe paddle, and toon in the arch 6f trees across a turn of the stream, tho smitten waters parted and gleanied,' tH» lily-pads . swayed with the eddies that circled iri ripples of lights the green, shadows stirred and waverecL " TTie canoe arid its occa'pantB — Vil Brabazori [and the three dogs—were noVr in sight. ' . The "Kiglish gentleman" "who had left by tiie morning's boat was then- Christy Glynn. , " ' 