EXTRAORDINARY OCCURRENCE AT ; v COOMA. Oooma Express narrates the following It appears that for.the past fortnight a selector named Charles Robinson, residing at Hugundra, has been disturbed at night by unearthly noises, and rappings at the bed-room door of his child ren's sleeping apartment. He acquainted his neighbours ot the unaccountable occurrences, and, of course, was laughed at by them, they averring that it must be a superstitious fancy cf bis. However, as the maa seemed so very earnest and troubled about the matter, Mr. Robert Evans, of Kiah Lake, together with four other men, determined to investigate the affair, and consequently repaired to Robinson's house on Wednesday night last, with the determina tion of having ocnlar demonstration on the subject. So soon as they entered the haunted chamber, 'a violent tapping was heard under the bed where a large' empty box was placed ; the box was, of course, dragged out and found to contain nothing, and whilst commenting on the strangeness of the knocking a terrible crashing was heard, as though some one was hurling bricks at the door of the room ; a rush was made by the men in the room at the door, and whilst so doing. the blankets and bedding were dragged from off the bed, and thrown about the room by- an invisible hand in a most mysterious manner. The visitors remained during the night, and the noises were continued at intervals until day light. This is exactly as, it was narrated by Mr. Evans himself, who states that he never was a superstitions man, or a believer in ghosts, but at the same time, he holds this to be one of the strangest incidents that has come under his personal experience during his life. Since writing the above, we learn from another source that . eight of Mr. Robinson's neighbours slept in the house on Thursday night, and were all witnesses of the strange phenomena narrated above. The noises are said to resemble the sound of kissing, and loud taps at the wall in all parts of the room, and under the floor. The noises can only be beard in the dark, and im mediately a light is struck they cease. Every morning everything in; the room is found in a state of the utmost confusion. Every effort' has been made by the neighbours to unearth the mystery, but without avail - the floor boards even having been 'take nup where the noises were heard, but no clue could be discovered as lo the cause of the strange sounds. Not the least remarkable part of the matter, however, is that . a little girl of Mr.' Robinson's, appears to be the especial victim'of the " Ghosts," if such' they be, as she is thrown about the ! room- with the bedclothing, The child is said to be nearly deranged by the frights she has received. 