A GIPSYING EXCURSION FROM GUNNING TO ADELONG AND TUMUT. " THE INNOCENTS ABROAD." BY A LADY. WE wore:a party.consisting of four ladies and one gentleman, and we started from Gunning with the intention of thoroughly enjoying ourselves. No house was to receive us until we had reached our destination. We started at five in the morning and sniffed the sweect bracing air, already fanoying ourselves vcritablO Bedonins. Our caravan numbered two vehicles, an open buggy driven by Mr. R-- and a covered trap the whip of lwhioh was handled by a female Jelhu. We bowl throughl some pretty though quiet country till we arrive at the Gap, and thore a very fine view meets our gaze. On our left is a deep rovine at ths bottom of which trickles aprettylittle stream, and on our left we behold peak after peak of moun tainus. Away in thl far distance stretch the Yass plains, and further still stretch out the Brindabello and dmurrumbidge0 mountains. After leaving the Gap we get occasioonal glimpses of pretty scenery, and somo four miles from Yass we see the Yass iliver, which is a calm stream sech as owe should imagine would often be seen in the old country. The town of Yass has been too often described to require notice from us. We next arrive at Bowning which though a small place is now of some importance, it being tho most convenient railway.station for the traffic of Tumut, Adelong, aud Gundagai. We camped at Conroy's Gap, of tragic memory. Our first thought was for.our nags, and weo of tbe covered trap told Mr. It- we could manage our horss'nicoly. We wereo'cautioned to tether our horsr upon turning it out; and fearing a rope around his neck might .choke him, we fastened it to the fore foot; and to make assurance doubly cure, one of our innocents produced a bell and a;pair of greon.hids hobbles, which instead of a buckle had two stic?s about six inches long attached to them, and getting them on would tempt Job to profanity. Our horse did not seem to appreciate the tother around hisfore-foot, so we took it off and placed it around the hind foot, wvhich alas was a removo from bad to worso, as we feared he would be minus a leg ere Mr. ---- could extricate him. On retiring our Jehu regretted she did not bring a side-line, for then sle said we could rest in peace; hut sleep was a failure, for nover in the juingles of India worehoard more doleful sounds--the curlow's mournful wail, the hoot of the owl, and over and ano?n a wild unearthly yell or a piteouis moan s?uflitent to cause the stoutest heart to quail and almost imagino tlie place haunted. In the morning we found our .ghost to be a poor goat dying in the creek, and its djying groans sounded unearthly oven in tlhe daylight. At three b'clock we made a'fire and put our billies on. Iu a short time down marches Mr. 11-. "Who called me up ?". he exclaimed.' I said " no one; and is it not time to pack up ? " . He marched a few paces to a log and sitting down said, "not one step do I stir till daylight." Mrs. -commenced (as all good wives do) to goutly expostulate with hlier irate spouse. We quicklty spread ourcloth at Mr. R a's feet, and the bohea was scarcely poured out cre he made an attacklupon the nearest chicken and joked and chattled in the best'of humours. We travelled till eleven, when we turned out for lunch. One of our party wont inside a fence and lighted a fire, whereupon Mr. I-- shouted viogorously and scolded us for our want of caution. Before our lunch' was completed we woro compelled to make a stampeds for our trap andeMr. I- to pitch his toot, for down came the rain, accompanied by thunder and lightning. Such fsobs as if (lot mo say) In hell thebu ans a holiday, Asd so2 bor demons awre at largo, On serth bltotr ireworks to dlshnoaoe. This snatch of poetry is originol. We had a Mlr. tnodgeass in our camp. Wa waited four hours, and no sign of the storm abating, iMr. R---- decided to proceed, whon one of our innocents exclaimed, "if you put thu horaso in I will walb, as the horse owill surely attract the electricity.". Our alarmed friend wrapped herself up in a shbawl and stood a good distance off while we tossed our hats into tbhe trap, and thlrowing our ahawls over our heads told Mr. t-- woe could put our horse in. Our refractory friend soon got tired of walking and weoiproceeded some ten miles, wvhen our hitherto quiet horse rushed off thbo road and nearly upset us on a heap of metal in front of Lehano's. We had forgotten to put thl bit in his mouth, and the poor horse had a great piece of skin 'rubbod off his jaw. Lebano'a cottage is a rather pretty brickl building, surrounded by an orchard and flower-garden; With the lark we were up next morning, and began tihe ascent of Cooney's Hill, which thu rain in tlb night by sio means improved. Having reached the summit, we received the roward of our exertions -ws beheld an enchanting viow of the wholo dis trict. From the river's brink stretch mountain after mountain till the last is lost in the deep blue sky 8o1ly sublime, prosuosol" fir, Up to thdtr summOts slothed 5a grono, As ftltUt as thes sales botwosen. The grand old river looks the very ideal of peace. Its deep, still waters, fringed with the shady green casuarinas, wind along tho valley beneath, and complete one of the most splendid pictures ever drawn by the great artist Nature. We reluctantly leave this beautiful spot, and nothing uow particularly takes our attention till we arrive at Csolac but the trees, which must hIave lbeen very fickle.-mninded when young, for thero appears to bea combination of species in some of them. Occasionilly throe would be from thlree to six mistletoos on a tree, oach of a differenit color. We admired some irsmense oucalypti, wshich grow very tall. All tho branches waore very thin, each limb being compbsed of a number of thin ones wreathed and plaited, and all drooping gracefully around the parent stem like thowveeoping willow. Nestling among luxurious orchards and fertile fields is the pretty little towvn of Coolac, which is of sunficiont importance to claim our notice. It poscsses a fewv good buildings, two neat churches, c'eral hotels, and a store an?l postoffic; but for listlcs ansid loose pigs it is a respectable rival to 3u0giong. Between Coolae and Gnudagai there is a hill of dillitulty in the shupo of the Money Monecy langes. Alter tailng up those ranges, we ladies espected a httlu commnsiacrati,,n fromn lIr. It.; but whun he sat us panting, ho said, "girls in this country are reared liko dolle." Wo were not a little indignant. In due time weo arrived at Gundagai. Gundagai and its bridge have been so often described that weo will merely remark awe were disappointed in the brflgo. It .lools very pretty when viewted from thu river's brint; but wo thougt it rather narrow and not very ornamental in construction. However we suppose its immense lengtlh would not admit of its elaborate ornamelntation without great expense, We admired the ornate architecture of some of thl buildings, viz., the Commercial Bank, coutrt-house, telegraph and post oflices. Tho.worshipping portion of the community of Gundagai must have the bump of caution very well developed. They have taken good care their devotions shall not be disturbed, as without exception tbo churches are on the hill above the totws. We'passed over some luxurionus flats covered 'with dock of a rich chocolate colour, and'observed withll melancholy interest the lagoon cansed by thbo back ing up of the waters of the river, which with Jones's Crek on the other side was so fatal to the inhabit ants of aucient Gundagai. The yellow waters of the Adolong' Creoek at the crossing gave the first indication that we were ap proaching'tholand ot gold. Adelong Crossing is a snug little village; and one noticeable feature in it is a 'splendid steam flour-mill, owned by Mr. Wil. liams and managed by Mr. Hill. We spent a few hours very pleasantly in Mr. Hill's drawing-room, and carried away some pleasing rccolleotions of, the hospitality of him and his amiable wife. Mr. Wil liams was a shareholder in Williaans' claim, Adelong:; but some eight years ago tho four sharoeholdera sold out for £44,000 to a fydney company. The claim is now worked out; but it is.thought the reef would be just as rich if the sinkhing were continucd to a greater depth. =We follow the Adelong Creek ip. for some twelvo miles, when we roach Graham's Town, an alluviual diggings.: This township contains two inns, stores, bakery, bootmaker's shop, and a, great number of diggers' homes'. A little further on we arrive at Shepherd's Town, anoither alluvial diggings, which consists principally of miners' pictrdsquue little dwellings, many of which are surrounded by pretty gardens. We noticed numbers of weoll-drossed rosy looling youngsters tripping to the substioitial-look ing brick school- house. uome' few miles further, after crossing a nutiber of rugged hills, we attain the summit of the Devil's Elbow, from which we get a filo view of Cornish Toawn. It comprises privato residences from thu stataly homo of tohe luchey digger to the but of tihe less fortunate miner. Tie court-house is a wooden building, and' is ratler a miserable structure. Tho Bank of Now,South Wales presents a very dilapidated appearance. The' banker has been oblig;ed to remove hii fainitly as it creaked so that liho' thought thieo" old gentleman "was in it. A'pleasing contrast isthes Comimiereial Bank, which is built of brick. The Church of Englnd is a nice stone structure with a steeple. It is well lighted and nicely furnished. The organ is peculiarl·y sweet-toned, and while the choir was singing that beautiful verse If Thou bhould'st call m tot rcsrig ' Whot oI prize, it ne'er was mine I slly yild thee what was thive, ' Thy will e done, wo observed a lady ssho was draped in mourning with her features bathed in tears. Tho Wesleyans, Presbyterians, and loman Catho lies have each substantial.churches olegantly fur nished. We may remark the singing in the Plresbyterian church is " beautiful oxceedingly; " also if good old John Wesley, who so strenuously opposed extremes in dress, wereo'to arise from the dead be would be startled.at the sight of a bonnet which owe saw in the Wesleyan church, and which we who can appreciate " a duck of a bonnet " as well as most people, scardely considered orthddox. The claims are situated on the top and along the side of a rugged range of mountains overlooking tboe town. One very hot.evooing we toiled'up tihe old hill to tho Challenger Claim, which is managed by Mr. Ellis. A fine engine and drum bring the quartz to the surfaoe 'lby means of a stnol-wire rope which is attached to cages. At the top of the claim : stood a group of miners with tbheir cansu of tonea, &o.;, waitingto bo let ddwn. While waltching the ongine, &c.;, owe nearly experienced a shower- bath owing to a tank containing ia hundred gallons of water being drawn from the mineo tona scaffold overhead and thouen upset; the water came splashing around in all directions. It being too nlate for our party to go down the claim that evening, the manannger kindly invited us to como the following morning, whichwo accordingly, did, and .quite enjoyed the trp, down despite. the occasional drops of cold water and wet mud which threatened . to extiriguish our candieos.' Our descent was six hundred feet to 'theo level; and on getting out of the cago and -adjusting our candlh in.true miner's style we observcd., drive streching' south some ninety fet,, and auotlher bearing nortli some thlirty.five feet-in both of whichl a number of men were wor kooing. Tho quartz is all blasted out with dynamite,, and .very weird and unearthly looked the men. In the dim light they appeared to be standing on the o'sidd of tle drive, and sometimes only their heads would he seen peeping above a mass of qIitrtz; They were'drilling holes in which to place tho.dynaomitoe..: Each miner'had his taper dimly burning. One of our party tried her hand at drilling a hole, and the manager invited her to take a tribute. We overheard two ladies having a discussion over a drill-hole.. One said "it was a drive;" but the other "was.sunu it was to.let the wvaterrsn out easily." Near to where our cage lauded was a very deep well, from which the water is brought up to keep the mine dry. Ever and anon we could hear stones falling and the report of blasts in. the adjacent drives, and altogether it is not a very snug place for a nervous lady. Alter fully exploring the drives we went up some two hundred feet andlooked through a number of croess.drives; but unfortunately we had remained too long below, for a tremendous hammering on some metallio. substance announced he dinner-time, and reluctantly we got in the cageo and, passing a numbbr of drives, were soon bashking in the sunlight again.' Weo brought up soime nice speimoenscontaining gold. There are a number of Sydnoy claims owned by Sydney companies, and managed by Messrs. Me Lcnnan and Harford, one of which, the Great Victoria, was originally owned by Messrs. White and Trudgeon, and has boon sunk to a depth of one thousand feet by the prcsont company, who re-. coived a reward of £1000 for obtaining payable gold under eight.hundred feet. Owing.to the want of time we weore compelled toforego thoe pleastiro of making the descent of this claim. There are soven steam-engines and one boring, machine at work on the reefs. • As spaee will not permit our referring minutely to these, we will prues on to the crushing.macldhines. Leaving the township, we first arrive at Moly neaux's machine, lately erected.. This machino is. fitted with the ,latest appliances and is drives by an, ongine of 25.horse.power noninal. The water is conveyed from the Adelong Creek to the battery by meanssof one of'Tangyo' spiecial dire0t.adoliug'steamn pumps. This pump is considered a novelty, being the only one of thu kind on tho reefs. A furnacoe for roasting pyrites is being erected. The quartz is brought to the machines by means of trams. Following down the Victoria reef we nexOt arrive at Harford's machine; but wo did notlook throughl this machine, as we woere informed tile owner objected to visitors. A few paces along our winding path reveals to us tho mnguificont crushing machino owned by Messrs. Wilson and Iitchie. This machineo is situated in a pioturesqu spotpe in the rocly falls of the Adelong Oreek, whichl is peculiarly adapted by nature for a gold-reducing plant. Afiter a few moments silent admiratioiof the romantic spot, we proceeded to the machine, and woro introduced to the proprietors. Mr. Wilson is a fine spdeimen of beaming good nature, and eovery action of Mr. ltitchio'o towards unss ws characterise-:cd by thoughtful kindness. Tho maclhine cousist of fifteen head of stamps each weighing seven hlundredi and each strikes a blow sixty.five times per minute. There are three hoppers, each of which hIolds ten tons. Each machine contains five stamps, lwhichl crush one ton per hour through graltisg of 170 holes to the squaro inch. lrom the stlamp boxes to the Chilian wheels, four-fifths of the gold colntained in the stono is caught. There is a pair of Chilian wheels to each five head of stsmps. Every wheel weighs two tons, and ealch pair has four hundre'd oquaro feet of grinding surface per minute. From tihe Chiliaun vwheools the material passes on to thiro blanket.tables. The blanket.tables conceutrate the material. During the twenty-four hours the blankeot ablos catch about threo tona .of concentrated stuaf. This stuff is reo.ground in two otlher machines called Bordan basins, after which the whole of the material passes through a tweonty four-four feet diameteor round puddle, from which is obtained all the pyrites. The pyrites are treated separately; first, by roasting in a revorberatory furnaco, to drive ofi the sulphur, arsonio, and other base metals, then in Chilian mills with quicksilver to extract the gold. During the process of roasting the furnace presents a beautiful appcarauce, tile pyrites giving off sparks in all the colors of thorainbow. The chimnoy of the furnace is situated a long distance up the hill; aud the base metal whenou 'condened and carried off by the water leaves a beautiful stain of coppery- greon on th rooks towards the creek. Thu whole power is driven by a water- wheel twenty.-six feeoot in diameter and thirty-six horoeopower. The proprietors showed us some interesting ohemical experiments with metal sodium, which is mixed with quicksilver to catch theo gold. Nothing will set the metal sodium on fire but water. It resembles soap in appearance, and Mr. 'Wilson told' us an musing incident about a hokeg of metal sodium which was sent to him, the label rubbed off, and a Goulburn porter thought it was soap and attempted to wash his hands uwith it, and was nearly frightened out of his wits when it ignited. The moon had arisen and thrown a fairy glamour over tbo picturesque spot, ro.weo could resist the fascination of .the gentle splash of the waters and the busy hum of the machinory. Woe consider thle prospect from one of tho emi. neucius in:Cornish Town uniqge-thu valley is almost surrounded by precipitous hills of quartz of every conceivable shape. On one range of hills in every noolk and corner peeps out the miner's little dwelling, dad 'oi the opposite range are to be seoen tho'numsous claims, each surrounded by largo heaps of blue tip. ,Through the valley meanders a little stream, on tho banoks of which are pretty cottiges withlovely little flower-gardens andorebards. Leaving'Oorni~h Town oaid crossing a roeky hill, we see the town of Adolong environed in mountaino. Tho town looks very pretty, .being' oitloted in a vTllepy on the hans of tlh Ad<longa Creh. Thore are a nambeir of stores tastefully arranged, some of whibch are ownedby celestial gentlemen;'. Tho inns. are not very inviting in'bxterior appearance. Oppo. site Modgsoo's hotel stands Houdgoon's assembly hall, which is a two.otorey brilck building; the upper rooms are halidsomely furnished, thbo hall is fitted vith a stago; and it openped fot; dauciilg every Sstur day aight. 'On Saturday 'night the town is very lively, the streets are 'tlihronged with' people;, the business places crowded, and the doors of the assem bly hall thrown wide open from which a brilliant light proceeds, and the' dulcet streams of music float out in' thoinlght air and have no doubt a powerful charm for the diggers arid eorvant.maids of the The co?nouty through lwhioh wo now pass is o rather a mountainous naturo till we arrive at Bogolong or Bookham--a hamlet of two'or'throe houses. After leaving Booellam we travel through some very largo cattle stations.' well grassed, and occasionally wind up sonid steep hills, from the summits of which m e get a pleasing prospect-of ile surrounding landscape and oltain thu irit view of the lfurrumbidgeo. River. Jugiong is situated in a fertile valley on the banks of thie Murrumbidgee. Tho town issnot very compact, there being but one street--nd side hbuses and the othei thistles, which appear to be a paradise for pigs' Our"'gipsying propensities being now on thle anee u ecame to a' full stop at Shmchan's comfortablo hotel. Some distance from the hotel stands a pretty private residence. Sad to say,' the Ilaidlady's husband died before it was completed, and slheo has ikept it looked ever since. In onecornerb f the elegantly.furnished drawing-room stood a glass case, which spoke loudly of a mother's loved. Within were relies of her dear daughter, who died of cdnsumiption at the ago' of eleven. There were numbers'of beautiful dolls and all those little things so dear to a child, which have been in the case for twelve years, and all in a state of perfect preservation, excepting the bridal veil of one doll, which has been eaten by moths. 