THE PEERYBINGLE PAPERS. A The split> up of the great Lip-Liberal party is an event upon which I cannot help con gratulating my readers. It has come about in such a queer and unexpected fashion, too, that it is deserving of all the more notice' Berry has collapsed, and erstwhile his fol lowers are having a sort of go-as- you-please caper in the Assembly. That last caucus, the proceedings at which were so incontinently blathered out, did the trick, and I don't wonder at the disgust of the chief. Patterson aaoribes the smash-up to the fact that the majority of the Opposition are not gentlemen, and can't hold their tongues. But " Jack " has " got ideas" of his own, as you know, and I'm looking out for some of 'em, for Jack does not mean to be silenced. A smart specimen of the Arab, not the larrikin, tribe was brought up before a well- known magistrate the other day, charged with some trifling offence or other. The evidence was not very clear, and the beak told the little chap that if he would promise not to come there again he would let him off.. " I don't want to be let off," said the urchin ; I ain't a bloomin' rocket!" Upon my word, our street youngsters are developing a sort of humour of their own. What an awful lot of jaw there must have been over the Police Inquiry Commission. A friend has lent me a copy of the evidence given. It weighs about 101b., and cost £800 to print. Seventeen thousand seven hundred and eighty- six questions were asked and answered, and the outcome of it all is a report whioh, in all probability, will never be acted upon. I ain't much of a believer in boards myself, especially when they are composed of amateurs. It's quite a common thing to see in the wedding advertisements, when two youngsters get coupled together, the words, " No cards but I have been greatly puzzled by an adver tisement which appeared this week regarding an entertainment to be given by an associa tion which does much good, I am sure. It relates to a farewell party to be given to one of the members, and contains these words — " No tea." Now what I am exercised about is, what did they have to drink the departing guest's health in, if they didn't Have tea ? It couldn't have been whiskey. Sam Welter's idea of a " swarry" was a biled leg of mutton, with trimmings. I must go and see for my self what sort of a " swarry" good young men get up on state occasions, when they have "no tea." So Sir Samuel Wilson got a jolly good thrashing; and serve him right, say I. I don't believe in the deserters from our shores. It's the duty of coioniBts, in my opinion, to Btop and help to bnild up the place where they made their fortunes. We talk a lot about the money wasted in sweeps, and suchlike, bat it is a mere drop In the ocean compared to the thousands which are yearly taken out of Victoria. Sir Sam's defeat, too, is another illustration of the truth that money can't do everything. If it could, what a world it would be that we live in. I don't know that it particularly comes in my line to draw attention to the frightful loss of life which has of late occurred in Europe in connection with theatres, but the subject should not be uninteresting to all those who, like me, are fond of a good bit of acting, and always patronise the pit when there is anything worth seeing, which, mind you, is not always. It must not be thought that because our theatres have always been burnt down when there is nobody in them that such will always be the caFe. What happened at Vienna, where, I dare say, tbey had every preparation for escape, may happen here, fot there is no telling what might occur if a panic once set in. I'm not a bit of an alarmist, but I would like to have my mind set at rest regarding the exits of our places of public assembly. The other night I went to the Ternprauce-hall to hear Mrs. Foye (my readers had the benefit of my experience), and judging from the time it took to empty the place, I ehould think that a calamity would occur there if a panic ever set in while the hall was crowded. Then, again, there are the churches. Everybody knows how a compact mass of struggling human beings come prancing out to the organ accompani ment, hot and stifling, and jammed, between tbe narrow pews. Why can't churches be built so that they could be conveniently emptied ; but that is not the case in nine cases out of ten, or rather, ninety- nine cases out of a hundred. Surely the Government could spare an inspector to go round an publish a report upon our places of pu ic resort. There is reason for it, believe me. There's a heap of difference between one person's angel and another person s ang . Theladywho was .discovered on the stepB of. the Town-hall the other night in a state of isolate nudity explained to the Bench th? mornii ial She fetf parted Iritlt W dothea because "she was an angeh" Now, Mrs. Foye's angel (for we presume that he spirits belonged to that category-Pafc Donovato the contrary) wore clothes ; that is, the ghosts of coats and petticoats. Tiffs w a point which requires a good deal d clearing up. I spoke the other day of a place called Walgett, in New South Wales, where the entire population got " tight" for three days on the occasion of a wedding taking place, j x ®ve Ieceived a letter from an esteemed correspondent (as the papers say), who in- forms me that the village in which he resides can give Walgett points, the population in_ dulging in a perpetual " booze." They drink whiskey hot there before breakfast. He hag only recently settled here, and it took him some little time to get into the ways of the place, but he yielded to the force of circum. | stances, finding himself," Boycotted," until he fell into the popular custom. It reminds himi he says, of the American ditty — 1 H you never have Btolen a horse in your life. Or never aid up to the bar go, - Or else ran away with another man's wife, They won't let you live in Chicago. It is gratifying to know that we have a colonial Chicago. I never thought that Geelong went in for the sensational, but the columns of the local Press teem with occurrences which would convulse Melbourne. Thus one of the local papers of the 13th inst. informs its readers that a young man employed at the break water, while running, fell and sprained his thumb — an occurrence which, I should think had happened to many folks without any special fuss being made about it. " Well, Mr. Longmore, I never was much in accord with you, but I'm with you about the wife-beaters and the idiotic sentences meted out to them and other blackguards when they do get dragged up before the beaks. Here's the case of Lawrence M'Grath, who beat and kicked the woman he had the best right to protect, and finished up by knocking her eye out. Fined 25s., whioh, no doubt, the brute paid. And larrikins may stab policemen, with a pretty fair chance of getting off with three months', which they " can do on their heads." The lash, Sir,, that's the only thing which will stop these cowardly outrages, and I only wish that I were employed to lay it oh to some of the ruffians who degrade our common civilisation. Pain is the only thing which cowards who delight in inflicting it dread. JOHN PEERYBINGLE. 