Nobelist. THE Ferryman's Secret. BY SYLVANUS COBB. JR. CHAPTER II.—Continued. "IS that our man ?" asked the younger of the two, as they walked up the ferry street. The other cast a swift glance around, and then made answer in an eager whisper ; "Yes ! That is Matthew Lyon !" "I wish he was a different looking man. Zounds ! I'd give a hundred dollars if he was ugly and ill-favoured !" "Dick ! what in the world do you mean by that ? What has the man's looks to do with our business ?" "Bah ! Don't you see my meaning ? Wouldn't you rather put your hand upon a man whom the world could spare without regret, than upon such a man as we evi- dently have in this ferryman ?" "Hum ! Yes— yes— yes." The elder man uttered the response in three entirely different keys, his tone and manner varying with each succeeding utterance. And after a little time, he added : "But, my boy, we can't afford to start the tap of sentiment just yet. We have made too bold a strike for hesitation now." "Hesitation !" repeated the son, with a spice of disdain in tone and look. "Life of my soul ! I hope you do not think I would hesitate now ? If there is to be a backing down, it will be you who will set the example." "Ha ! Say ye so ? Your hand, my boy. There ! Now, I think, we understand. Ay, Richard"— and his voice sank to a low, half- whispered tone— we are on the threshold ; We have seen our man ; and now—" At this point they had reached the corner of the ferry street and the thoroughfare that ran along by the side of the railroad, where the elder man's speech was interrupted by some of strange confusion that had been opened to their view. They saw men and boys gathered around a pair of horses and a carryall— the horses being helped to their feet, while the carryall was overturned and wrecked ; and at a little distance they saw a young lady, and a little child, and two men, one of them an elderly man, in professional garb— the other evi- dently of a lower walk in life. Another gentleman, nearer to where the two strangers had emerged upon the scene, stood looking on, and of him the latter inquired what had happened. The gentleman— our banker— was elo- quent. He told them how the frightened horses had come tearing down tbe street— upon the little child, playing directly in their course— how himself and friend stood transfixed with horror— and how yonder beautiful girl, whom they then saw holding the little one in her arms, had, at the risk of her own life, snatched the child from mortal danger. Oh ! was it not grand ? Surely, it might be termed a case of the very bravest and noblest heroism. In fact, the banker could not find words to express himself, when he wished to characterise the deed. The two strangers were prompt and hearty in their praise. They looked again, and saw the father take his child ; end then they obtained a view of the girl's face, and saw that she was very beautiful. "Does she belong here ?" the elder man asked. The banker answered with a sort of pro- prietary pride : "Ay, she does sir. She is the daughter of our ferryman. She is Mattie Lyon ! Bless her !" The banker was not, at the moment when that name dropped from his lips, looking at his interlocutor. He had turned his gaze towards the girl of whom he spoke. Had he been looking at the two strangers he would have beheld a result of his speech that would have startled him. They had started as with a great terror— as though a ghost had sud- denly appeared before their faces— they were for a moment blanched and transfixed, and the elder of the twain turned him about to look in another direction. The younger man wiped his brow with his handkerchief, and pleasantly remarked that he should feel proud to claim the friendship of such a girl. Then to his father, whose eye he had caught : "Come— I think we had better be moving on." "Yes— yes, my son." And they moved on up the street of the ferry, towards the village. At a little distance they turned, and saw that the ferryman's daughter had started on, and was following them. The elder man whispered to the younger, and they crossed over upon the opposite side of the way, where there was a long stretch of close, high board fence, with no buildings near. They came side by side, and spoke in tones scarcely raised above a whisper. "Father ! It is fate ! Is it good, or bad ?" "It must be good," returned the elder man, with an effort. "At the very outset— find the objects of our search. My soul, Dick ! that girl is beautiful. What do you think of her ?" "Ah !" replied the son, with a fierce gleaming— a bursting flame— in his coal- black eyes, "the die is cast from this moment ! She should go back with us, if only for herself alone ! She is the hand- somest— the most lovely— girl I ever saw ! What is there like her in Brazil ?" "I have seen nothing like unto her, I do confess, my son. But we must let her pass for the present. I have been thinking : We must put up at a public house. They will expect us to give our names, and put them upon the register. Shall we give our true names ?" "No !" answered the son, without hesita- tion. "We had better not do it. Thus far we have had no occasion to give them since we landed. Let us assume new names, and keep them until we have left the country. Considering how closely we resemble one another, we had best retain our true charac- ter as father and son. Suppose you become LOUIS HUNTER, Merchant of New Orleans, and I, GORDON HUNTER, son of Louis. How does that strike you ?" "I like it." A moment's pause, and then —"It shall be so ! I will remember my name ; and you will not forget." By this time they had reached the little square in the business centre of the village, and here they stopped, and turned, just in season to see Mattie Lyon enter a provision store. The young man drew a long breath, and, without any further remark, kept on his way. They found the hotel— a neat, pretty, well- kept house, where they ware informed that they could be accommodated as long as they wished to stop. The landlord conducted them to the little desk, by the side of the bar, whereon lay the hotel register ; and VICTOR JORDAN, in truth a resident of Rio de Janeiro, set down his name as "Louis Hunter, of New Orleans," while his son, Richard Jordan, wrote him- self, "Gordon Hunter," etc. And then they were shown to their room— they asked for a single room, of goodly size, with two beds in it, and were accommodated —and there they were left alone, to be called when their supper should be ready for them. When they had been left alone the father and son sat down to gain breath. They had borne a great burden since they had seen and known the ferryman. Until that moment the work they had in hand had not assumed palpable form and substance to their outer senses ; but they had seen it then— had seen and felt it. But it had remained for the sight of the ferryman's daughter to present to them their work in its completeness of unmitigated wickedness. And from that moment— the moment whan they had known that they gazed upon Mattie Lyon— they had felt the burden bear. But, alas, for those in danger !— the burden bore upon hearts too hard and callous to be seriously affected. They only asked for breath— for a brief rest— and then they were ready for plotting ! At the cottage of Matthew Lyon the shade of evening had fallen ; supper was eaten, the dishes put away, and the table set back ; then Stephen Murray came in with his wife and their little one. The grateful mother could not sleep until she had seen and blessed the preserver of her child. And in the course of the evening others came in. The story bad been told, and Mattie Lyon had become a heroine. At nine o'clock the father and daughter were left alone. The man and boy hired by the ferryman to assist him on the ferry, slept in a comfortable cot close upon the river's bank, adjoining, and really a part of, the boat-house. "My darling," said the proud and happy father, "you ought to be blessed with pleasant dreams to-night." He bent over and drew her head close upon his bosom, and then added : "It is sweet to feel that you have the love and gratitude of your friends, my precious child ; but, ah ! sweeter still is it to know that others are praying for you ; that the prayers of devout and earnest souls are lifted to heaven in your behalf !" The girl looked up into her father's face, and he saw the rich moisture in her eyes— saw pearly drop, gather and trickle down her cheeks— then saw a shadow fall and a shud- der shake her fair and perfect form. He asked her of what was she thinking ? Why that look of sadness ? But she could not tell him. She tried to laugh, and to make him think that only bright thoughts and fancies were in her mind. And yet, a shadow had fallen, and she was not happy. Was she thinking of Harry Carlton, and of a love that might never be blessed with fruition ? Or— was it a mystic impression from a danger unseen, and unknown ? She could not tell. The impulse of her spirit was to fold her hands and lift them heavenward in humble prayer and supplication. CHAPTER III. The dwelling of Judge Carlton was one of the grandest and most imposing in Ingleside ; and yet it was not pretentious. The stern old jurist had built it for his own comfort and convenience, and though he had been willing that his mansion should be extremely beautiful and attractive, he had not sacrificed a thought or shadow of comfort thereto. Show me the man who does aot care to make home attractive, and I will show to you a man whose religion is not worth the name. Our judge had only sought to make the home of his old age attractive, believing that a man contented and happy can be better than one who is discontented and un- happy. And yet, in his youth, when his means were circumscribed within narrow limits, Andrew Carlton had been content with little— just as content, and just as happy, as now ; for he had marked out his course ; he had resolved that he would succeed if he lived ; and, in earnest labour towards the desired end, he found such comfort of satisfaction as only the earnest and true-hearted can know. He was proud, as he had a right to be ; and, furthermore, there is something in the wearing of the judicial ermine that cannot but lift a man somewhat from the association of society indiscrimin- ately. The very nature of the judicial office forbids its incumbent from free and easy association with those whose habits of life are liable, at any time, to bring them before him for judgment. Harry Carlton bad thought of all this, and there were times when he could almost forgive his father for his stern and unyield- ing refusal to recognise the daughter of the poor Ferryman of Ingleside as a fitting mate for his son. But the refusal had made him very unhappy, and the time was coming, he felt sure, when he should go out from his father's house never to return until the ferryman's daughter could return with him. "Father," he had said, only a few days previous to the opening of our story, "if you could know Matthew Lyon— if you could truly know her— I cannot believe you would refuse to receive her as your son's wife. And the father had made answer— or, the judge had answered, with a wave of the hand that was both repelling and imploring : "My son, I do not wish to hear that girl's name again. I believe she is good and truthful ; and 1 have no doubt that she is intelligent and capable. But, Harry, you should look above and beyond that for a wife. I have spent a long life in lifting our family name to a plane of honour and distinction. You are to follow me, and through you the name is to be given to posterity. It is not simply a question of whom you are to make your wife, but what blood are you to engraft upon the family tree. My son, I have my own plans and wishes in that direction, and my purpose is fixed. Of Matthew Lyon's youthful antecedents we know nothing. With his child for your wife, there is no tell- ing what manner of society we may be forced to recognise and to associate with. No, no —let us have no alliances that may entangle us with uncomfortable associations. We are clear of all such now ; and, with your help, we will remain so." Then he had waved his hand, and his son had turned away sternly and silently sorrowful. We have seen him— the son— at the ferry- man's cottage, and we know his plans— how he had resolved to go to the great city and there carve out for himself a name, and amass a substance that should make him his own master. But he had received from the girl of his choice a word of decision that had in a measure dampened his youthful ardour. However, he did not despair. He said to himself : "Oh, Mattie cannot hold out. When she sees that I have laboured and struggled, and am ready to offer her a home, she will not follow in the course of my father, and allow her prejudices to make us both for ever miserable. I will not believe it. She will honour me for my earnest endeavours, and give to me the reward of her hand." On the morning following the visit to the cottage and the brief conference with Mattie, Harry Carlton came down from his chamber somewhat earlier than usual, having thought to take a turn in the garden, and cull a few flowers for his mother, before breakfast. In the smaller drawing-room he met his father. Feeling as he did— his thoughts running upon the subject of his love— he would have passed on without speaking, but the judge stopped him. "Harry !— If you can spare me a few moments of your time, I wish you would do so. I would like a few words of serious con- versation." The young man stopped, gazed for a moment into his father's face, and then sat down. His father did not smile, but there was a warm, sympathetic, loving light in his look which touched the son's heart. "Harry, I believe, if you answer me at all, you will answer truthfully. Your mother has told me that you have made arrangements for entering an office in New York ; and that you propose, henceforth, to work out your own course." The inflection of the parent's voice signified interrogation, and Harry frankly replied : "My mother told you truly, sir ; and I should, have told you, myself, during the present day." "And you are going to do this so that you may win a home for a wife, eh ?" The youth coloured and hesitated, but presently answered, with manly pride and assurance : "I have chosen this coarse, sir, in order that I may feel to have the right to order my own life agreeably to my own dictates of what is for my best good— with a view, always," he added, with brightened colour, "to the honour and purity of my name." "Have you told the girl whom you would make your wife— Miss Lyon— have you told her of this plan ?'' Again Harry Carlton hesitated, and seemed a little surprised and annoyed ; but he answered, very shortly : "I have." "Now, my son," and the judge looked him directly in the eye, "will you tell me exactly how Mattie Lyon received your decision ? What was her opinion of the wisdom of such a course on your part ?" For a single instant Harry flushed with impatience and ill-feeling; but only for an instant. As soon as he had taken time for reflection, he saw that Mattie's answer had been such as could not but command his father's respect ; so he answered, frankly, though tremulously, and with an unmis- takable ring of truth and loyalty in his voice : "She met me, sir, with a decision which I hope and trust she will not adhere to. Her reply to all that I had to tell her was, that she would never become my wife without my father's full and free consent." "Was she fearful of incurring my dis- pleasure ?" "No, sir. It was of me she thought. She said she could never forgive herself— could never be happy— should she suffer herself to stand between me and my father's love." The old man turned away his face towards a window and pretended to be looking out ; but Harry had seen two great, dewy drops upon his drooping lashes, and he saw him take his handkerchief and wipe them away. What did it mean ? For the first time the boy bethought him that during the whole interview, thus far, the old sternness had not once manifested itself. The thought had just occurred to him, when his father turned again and spoke : "And you, foolish boy, have thought— have hoped— perhaps Mattie inspired you with the hope that I might relent. It is not so." Harry Carlton scarcely knew what he did, or what he said. There was some- thing in his father's face that set his heart to bounding wildly within him. "I have hoped— I have dared to think," he stammered, "that you might some day come to know Mattie Lyon for what she truly is ; and— then— then—" The old man would not let him blunder and stammer any more. He arose from his seat and put forth his hand. His face shone, and a great gladness was in the generous smile that irradiated his features. "Harry ! my dear boy, I know the noble girl well and truly. Let the past be forgotten. If I now say to you— Bring her to my home, and give to her my name, it is not because I have put away a single prejudice ; but is it because I have found Mattie Lyon to be entirely worthy of the love and esteem of any man. My son, I withdraw all objection to your union with the girl of your choice. Remain with me ; assist me in my business ; and be assured your wife shall find a warm and hearty welcome into the bosom of our family." At first Harry Carlton could hardly credit the evidence of his own senses. He had taken his father's outstretched hand, and stood, with a dazed look upon his face, while the echo of the blissful speech yet sounded in his ears. At length, however, he found his tongue. "Father ! my dear father ! Do I hear aright ? Do you, freely and heartfully, bless my love ?" "Yes, my son. I have spoken what I mean. Ah ! here comes your mother, I declare. She smiles as though she were happy." Mrs. Carlton was a small woman ; a bright-faced, energetic, and sympathetic creature, never so happy as when happiness has come to those whom she loved. Harry was her only son, and she very nearly wor- shipped him. Both she and her husband had hoped that their dear boy might find it in his heart to take for a wife the daughter of an associate Justices of the Supreme Court, of wealth and high social standing— the father having been a warm personal friend of the family for many years, while the daughter had gone so far as to intimate to Mrs. Carlton that she would willingly give her hand to her son. But, down in the depths of the mother's inner consciousness there had been a silent monitor, ever im- pressing upon her the thought that Isabel Pulsifer was not worthy of the devotion of such a heart as beat in Harry's bosom. The loving mother knew her to be gay and frivolous, without deep principle of any kind— that is, without such principle as moral heroines and household angels are inspired by. She had tamely wished her son to marry with Isabel Pulsifer because her husband wished, and because Judge Pulsifer, and his wife, and his daughter, all three of them wished it. But she was happier now. She saw her son, holding his father by the hand, the faces of both wet with tears. "Ah !" she cried, stopping for a moment just over the threshold, and then hurrying forward, "you have told him ! Harry, your father has told you." The happy boy's first answer was to throw his arms around his mother's neck, and kiss her ; then he said : "Yes, my own dear mother, he has told me." "Well, well— I trust we may all be happy together." She returned her son's kiss, and then added : "Come, breakfast is ready, and after you have eaten you had better go down and see the princess !" She took the boy's arm, and moved toward the breakfast room, continuing : "Tell her, Harry, that she may be your princess— and she shall be honoured fully in the station ; but I must be queen. She shall not rob me wholly of my boy. Oh ! she must love me a little, so that I can keep a hold upon yoar heart, my precious !" "Love you !" repeated Harry, looking down into his mother's handsome face, while a proud and happy light shone from his truthful eyes : "You don't know she can love. Mother ! you shall say— But wait—" "Yes, my son, let us wait. She shall come to me this afternoon. I cannot wait longer." Then they sat down to the board, and while they ate the judge told to his son the story of the runaway horses, and of Mattie Lyon's grand heroism in saving the little child of the depot-master. Harry listened with eager interest. It was the first he heard of it. Said the narrator, after he had told the story : "It was not alone the girl's heroic devo- tion to the cause of humanity, but it was the spirit which she manifested subse- quently. I looked straight into her eyes when she spoke, and I knew that she told the truth. She was governed by a spirit that set duty above thought of self. In short, I saw in her— saw it not only in the deed then and there done— but saw it in her every look and tone— the stuff of which Christian martyrs are made. And I said to myself, when I knew who she was— 'Happy will be the man who gains that woman for his willing wife !' You know the rest, my boy." The meal was finished as happily as it had begun ; then Harry kissed his mother, and having promised her that he would surely bring Mattie to see her during the afternoon, he went with his father to the office, where he gave his assistance to the shaping of an important case for the docket. The old judge looked at him with a strange, deep yearning, while he wrote— watched him as he looked up his points of law for citation, and as he turned readily to old decisions for support. "Ah !" he murmured, with moistened eyes, "I don't know what I should have done, Harry, if you had really started to leave me ! But— never mind now, go on. You are not going, you know." Early in tae afternoon Harry Carlton went down to the cottage of the ferry- man, where he found Mattie just ready to sit down to her sewing. She looked up as he entered, and a little, startled cry es- caped her lips : "Harry !— What is it ?" She had dropped her work, and arisen to her feet. He put his arms around her, and drew her to his bosom. "Mattie, darling, I have come for you to go up and see my dear mother. I promised her that you would come." "Harry !" He let her gaze for a few moments, and then, holding both her hands, and gazing through the gathering tears of joy, he told the story. "My own precious !" he said, in con- clusion, "you shall never feel that my father has surrendered a prejudice in your behalf, and that you come to us on suffer- ance, for he told me, freely and frankly, that he had not surrendered a prejudice at all ; you had surmounted them ; he had found you noble and worthy ; and would be both proud and happy to claim you for his daughter." Mattie was very happy— so happy that for a little time she could only cling to her lover's arms, and sob upon his bosom. But by-and-bye she became calm, and could speak rationally of the great joy. And she accepted the blessing in a manner that gave her lover new happiness, and new estimate of her worth. She did not act as though her lover's father had simply accorded to her even justice ; nor did she seem to feel that they had given her no more than she had deserved ; but she opened wide her heart, in a joyous, rapturous song of praise and thanks- giving, and blessed the parents of her dear lover for their goodness. She ran up to her chamber— Harry pardoned that little weakness— and put on her dress of pure white gossamer muslin, with a spray of tiny flowers at her breast ; and with such simple adornments as were appropriate to her station, she was ready to set forth. She called to the boy who helped her father, and told him that she was going out, and then gave Harry her arm. Mattie Lyon had been sitting with Mrs. Carlton full two hours before they were disturbed, and during that time she had come nearer to the mother's heart than the woman had believed it possible for a human being, other than her husband and son, to come. In short, from the very first Mrs. Carlton had fallen in love with the beautiful girl ; and when she had dis- covered the depth and the breadth of her intellect, and the measure of her moral, quality she gave to her her mother's heart, with all that a mother's heart can mean. And at the end of the two hours the judge came in. For a little while Mattie was nervous and anxious, but very quickly the old-fashioned gentleman put her at her ease, and ere long he caught the full sparkle and splendour of her surpassing loveliness ; and she, in turn, was more than charmed with his warm and generous admiration. It was not such admiration as flatters the giddy and the self-loving, but the deep and fervent sentiment of an admiring friend and helper, such as sinks to the heart, and warms and enlivens the spirit. She was more than charmed— she was blessed. And in the end, when the time had come for her departure, the eminent jurist— the man whose frown had caused many a man to tremble with awful dread— put forth his arms and said to her : "Come, my child— I must claim a parent's privilege. I have given to you my heart, and I ask you to give to me your love and your confidence." She thought not of resistance— there was no sign of hesitation— but with a great light upon her beautiful face, she rested upon his bosom, lifted her lips and kissed him upon the cheek, and blessed him with her speech. It lacked half-an-hour of sunset when Harry and Mattie Lyon set forth from the Carlton mansion for the riverside cottage. They had reached the corner of the cross- street that ran before the depot, and parallel with the railroad, when their attention was attracted by two men who stood upon the platform of the station, where they had just arrived from towards the ferry. "Why do they look at us so sharply, I wonder ?" said Mattie, with a shrinking sen- sation. "Very likely they know that you are the heroine of yesterday's adventure, darling." "Really, I hope that is not to make me an object to be stared at. But, Harry, I do not like the looks of those men. The elder man looks like a— a— dangerous person." And Mattie Lyon went to her home, and went about her work, happy and jubilant, her heart filled to overflowing with a divine joy and gratitude ; and yet, ever and anon, like at the shadow of a fleeting cloud will cross the beautiful sunshine, would the face she had seen upon the platform of the rail- road station break in upon her happy thoughts, and cut a shuddering chill upon her. An hour later she had made ready the supper, and her father and his helpers came in and ate. Matthew Lyon saw the wondrous light upon his daughter's face, and when they had been left alone she sat down by his side and told him its cause. Of course he was happy. That his beloved child was to become a member of Judge Carlton's family did not give a single tinge of colour to his thoughts ; but that his darling was to be happy— that the true-hearted, brave and loyal Harry Carlton was to be her companion for life— was a joy indeed. He kissed her, and blessed her, and gave her to feel that she had his sympathy entirely. Later, after the lamps had been lighted, Mattie noticed that her father was in a deep and troublous study. His head was bent upon his hand, and he muttered to himself as though something perplexed him. She laid her hand upon his shoulder, and asked him what troubled him. He looked up with a start, and said it was nothing. And then, when he had reflected a moment, finding his child still regarding him with anxious looks, he said : "I was thinking, Mattie, of a dark- visaged man whom I brought over from the other side last evening, and whom I have seen again to-day. I cannot deny that that face troubles me. I have certainly seen it before ; but where, or when, I cannot call to mind. I have thought and thought ; I have gone over every important event of the past, and overhauled the whole list of men whom I have known, but that man I cannot locate." Then Mattie asked what the man had looked like. "There were two of them," said the ferryman ; and he described them so that Mattie knew that they were the men whom she and Harry had seen upon the platform. And from that time the dark and sinister face troubled her more and more. CHAPTER IV. WE left the two dark-faced men Victor and Richard Jordan— registered at the inn, however, as Louis and Gordon Hunter— on the platform of the station looking after the happy pair that had entered the ferryman's cottage. "Dick," said the elder of the twain, after the youth and maiden had dis- appeared within doors, "it strikes me that we are just about in season. Egad ! it looks as though our beauty had found a mate without our help." The younger man gave vent to a muttered oath, and ground his heel upon the plank beneath his feet. The man was really jealous ! He looked upon that fair- faced, handsome youth as an interloper, who would steal away that which belonged to him ! "Ugh !" he grunted, after a bitter, degrading oath, and a fit of moody reflec- tion, "we'll very soon put a stop to his galivanting ! I wonder who he is." "We can easily ascertain ; and I think we had better do so ; for, before we make a strike, we ought to know something of the girl's connections, and the fores of active friendship that may be aroused in her be- half. I will ask this fellow. He saw them go in." He alluded to a porter who was overhaul- ing a pile of baggage or freight matter near at hand. Victor Jordan approached him and asked, in a quiet, unobtrusive manner : "My good man, can yon tell me who was that youth that just passed in company with Miss Lyon ?" The porter turned from his work and looked up. His countenance fell as his gaze rested upon the interlocutor, and at first it appeared as though he would not answer. He looked into the dark sinister face with an involuntary shudder, and it was plain to be seen that he was not pleased. However, he could not well refute to answer so simple a question. "That, sir, was the son of Judge Carlton —Harry he is called." "Thank you." Then, turning to his com- panion, he added, loud enough for the porter to hear : "I thought he was a Carlton. He looks very much as his father looked when of his age." And then, as though to avoid being ques- tioned by the railway employé, the twain walked away. The porter rested from his labour, and looked after them as they moved toward the central square of the village. "Well !" he muttered to himself, "if there ain't a precious pair, then I'll be blamed ! By my life, I wouldn't care to meet them chaps after dark, in a lonesome place, if I had anything that they wanted !" Meantime, the twain of whom the honest toiler thus soliloquised had reached the long stretch of high board fence, when they stopped to consult. "Let us see," said the elder, looking at his watch, "we have time enough, I think, to finish all the outside work this evening. Let us go to the clerk's before dark. I do not think we shall have any difficulty there. Leave me to manage the matter." The town clerk of Ingleside was a little old man, named Artemas Bascom, a relic of the past, and almost the sole conservator of the earliest history of the village. He was also postmaster, and kept medicines and confec- tionery, and newspapers, on sale. His store, in one corner of which was the post-office, was in the front part of his dwelling, and his only assistants were a son of about two-and- twenty, crippled from birth, and an elder daughter, who had never married. On the afternoon in question, towards the setting of the son, two men entered the store and enquired for Mr. Bascom. The crippled son was in attendance, and when he had made sure that the visitors had business in hand which only his father could attend to, he hobbled upon his crutches to the bell- pull, and ere long the little old man himself appeared, evidently disturbed at his supper, and not at all pleased. Victor Jordan— for he it was— saw and understood the situation. "This is Mr. Bascom ?" "Yes," rather crustily. "You are the town clerk, I believe." "I am sorry, my dear sir, thus to disturb you ; but my business is important, and my time is limited. I have called for the pur- pose of consulting your records, and be sure I will pay you well for the time you give me. I have made it a role of my life to pay for the time which a man is called upon to give for my benefit." The visitor had hit the right spot. The old man, perhaps, did not love money more than did his neighbours ; but for long and weary years he had plodded on, keeping his records, and caring for the post, and, with the proceeds of his trifling sales, eking out a bare subsistence ; so that a free gift, coming to him unexpectedly, however small, was to him a God-send. "You wish to consult the town records, sir ?" he said, quite affably. But the question meant more than the mere spoken words would seem to convey— it plainly meant— "What may your business be with my records ?" At all events, the visitor so understood it. "Yes," he replied. "I am from New Orleans, and am acting as attorney for several estates that are now in process of settlement. I think there are heirs here in Ingleside— or, at least, I hope, from your records, to get on track of them. I am doubtful if any of the original parties are now living ; but, if they have ever lived here, your books will show it. My name is Hunter— Louis Hunter. This is my son, Gordon." The old clerk bowed to the son, and then said : "If you will follow me, gentlemen, I will conduct you to the place where the records can be consulted. Of course, you will readily understand that I do not allow them to go from my sight." (To be continued.) 