[?] A Laodicean. BY T. HARDY. [The right of publication in Australasia has been purchased by the proprietors of the Sydney Mail.] BOOK THE SIXTH. Chapter IV. On a windy afternoon in November, when more than two months had closed over the incidents previously recorded, a number of farmers were sitting in a room of the King's Arms Inn, Markton, that was used for the weekly ordinary. It was a long low apartment, formed by the union of two or three smaller rooms, with a bow-window looking upon the street, and at the present moment was pervaded by a blue fog from tobacco pipes, and a tempera ture like that of a kiln. The body of farmers who still sat on there was greater than usual, owing to tne cola air without, the tables having been cleared of dinner for some time and their surface stamped with liquid circles by the feet of the numerous glasses. Besides the farmers there were present several profes sional men of the town, who found it desirable to dine here on market days for the opportunity it afforded them of in creasing their practice among the agriculturists, many of whom were men of large balances, even luxurious livers, who drove to market in elegant phaetons drawn by horses of supreme blood, bone, and action, in a style never anti cipated by their fathers when jogging thither in light carts, or afoot with a butter- basket on each arm. The buzz of groggy conversation was suddenly impinged on by the notes of a peal of bells from the tower hard by. Almost at the same instant the door of the room opened, and there entered the landlord of the little inn at Sleeping Green. Drawing his supply of cordials from this superior house, to which he was subject, he came here at 6tated times like a prebendary to the cathedral of his diocesan, afterwards retailing to his own humbler audience the senti ments which he had learnt of this. But curiosity being awakened by the church bells the usual position was for the moment reversed, and of the farmers, saluting him by name, asked him the reason of their striking up at that time of that day. 'My mis'cBB out yonder,' replied the rural landlord, nodding sideways, ' is coming home with her fancy-man. They have been a-gaying together this turk of a while in foreign parts. Here, maid !— what with the wind, and standing about, my blood's as low as water— bring us a thimbleful of that that isn't gin^and not far from it.' ' It is true, then, that she's become Mrs. Somerset ? ' indifferently asked a farmer in broadcloth, tenant of an estate in quite another direction than hers, as he contem plated the grain of the table immediately surrounding the foot of his glass. ' True— of course it is,' said Havill, who was also pre sent, in the tone of one who, though sitting in this rubicund company was not of it, ' I could have told you the truth oi it any day these last five weeks.' Among those who had lent an ear was Dairyman Jinks, an old gnarled character who wore a white fustian coat and yellow leggings ; the only man in the room who never dressed up in dark clothes for marketing. He now asked, 'Married abroad, was they P And how long will a wedding abroad Btandgood for in this country ?' ' As long as a wedding at home.' ' Will it ? Faith; I didn't know : how should I ? I thought it might be some new plan o' folks for leasing women now they be so plentiful, so as to get rid o' em when the man' s tired o' em and have spent all their money.' ' He wont be able to spend her money,' said the landlord of Sleeping Green. ''Tisher very own person's— settled upon the hairs of her head for ever.' ' O nation ! Then if I were the man I shouldn't care for such a one-eyed benefit as that,' said Dairyman Jinks, turning to listen to the talk on his other hand. ' Is that true ? ' asked the gentleman farmer in broad cloth. ' It is Bufficientl3 near the truth,' said Havill in an ex catiicdra tone. ' There is nothing at all unusual in the arrangement ; it was only settled so to prevent any schemer making a beggar of her. If Somerset and Bhe have any children, which probably they will, it will be theirs ; and what can aman want more. Besides, there is a large portion of property left to her personal use_ — quite as much as they can want. Oddly enough, the curiosities and pictures of the castle which belonged to the De Stancys are not restricted from sale : they are hers to do what she likes with. Old Power didn't care for articles that reminded him so much of his predecessors.' ' Hey ? ' said Dairyman Jinks, turning back again, having decided that the conversation on his right hand was after all more interesting. ' Well — why can't 'em hire a travelling chap to touch up the picters into her own gaffers and gammers r Then they'd be worth sommat to her.' ' Ah, here they are ! I thought so,' said Havill, who had been standing up at the window for the last few moments. ' The ringers were told to begin as soon as the train signalled.' Ab he spoke a carriage drew up to the hotel-door, followed by another with the maid and luggage. The inmates crowded to the bow-window, except Dairyman Jinks, who had become absorbed in his own reflections. ' What be they stopping here for?'' asked one of the previous epeakets. 'They are going to stay here to-night,' said Havill. ' They have come quite unexpectedly, and the castle is in such a state of turmoil that there is not a single carpet down, or room for them to use. We shall get two or three in order by next week.' ' Two little people like them will be lost in the chambers of that wandering place !' satirised Dairyman Jinks. 'They will be obliged to have a ball every fortnight to keep the moth out of the furniture.' By this time Somerset was handing out the lady under discussion, and Dairyman Jinks went on : ' That's no more Miss Power that was, than my niece's daughter Kezia is Miss Power — in short it is a different woman altogether !' 41 There is no mistake about the woman,' said the land lord, ' it is her fur clothes that make her look so like a caterpillar on end. Well, she is not a bad bargain ! As for Captain De Stancy, he'll fret bis gizzard green.' ' He's the man elie ought to have married,' declared the farmer in broadcloth. 'As the world goes she ought to have been Lady De Stancy. She gave up her chapel-going, and you might have thought she would have given up her first young man : but she stuck to him, though by all ac counts he would soon have been interested in another ' 'fis woman s nature to be false except to a man, and a man's nature to be true except to a woman,' said the land lord of Sleeping Green. ' However, all's well that ends well, ana I have something else to think of than new married couples,' saying which the speaker moved off, and the others returned to their seats, the young pair who had been their theme vanishing through the hotel into some private paradise to rest and dine. By this time their arrival had become known, and a crowd soon gathered outside, acquiring- audacity with continuance there. Raising a hurrah, the group would not leave till Somerset had showed himself on the balcony above; and then declined to go away till Paula also had appeared ; when, remarking that her husband seemed a quiet young man enough, and would make a very good borough member when their present one misbehaved himself, the assemblage good-humouredly dispersed. Among those whose ears had been reached by the hurrah of these idlers was a man in silence and solitude, far out of the town. He was leaning over a gate that divided two meads in the watery levels between Stancy Castle and Markton. He turned his head for a few seconds, and then continued his contemplative gaze towards the towers of the castle, visible over the trees as far as was possible in the leaden gloom of the November eve. The military form of the solitary lounger was recognisable as that of Sir William De Stancy, notwithstanding title failing light and his attitude of bo resting his elbows on the gate that bis hands enclosed the greater part of his face. The scene -was inexpressibly cheerless. No other human restore was apparent, and the only sounds audible above ?Mi mCre^fRgthttKeron had ftJen disturbed by sounds too 'Thi'fftegan ringing because she and he were the castle rose he continued : ' Well, there it stands.' 'And I not in it.' ' They are not in it yet either. ' They soon will be.' . . „ , - « Well— what tune is that you are humming, captain i ' All m lost now,' replied the captain, grimly. ' Oh no ; you have got me, and I am a treasure to any man. So thank God, and take courage.' _ . ' Ah, Will— you are a flippant young fool— wise m your own conceit; I say it to my sorrow! 'Twos your dishonesty spoilt all. That lady would have been mywifa by fair dealing— time was all I required. But base attaefcs on a man's character never deserve to win, and if I had once been certain that you had made them, my course wouia have been very different both towards you and others. But whv should I talk to you about tins ? If I cared an atom what becomes of you* I would take you in hand severely enough; not caring, I leave you alone, to go to the devil y°« T^lTyo'u kindly, captain. Well, since you have Bpoken plainly, I will do the same. We De Stoncys area wrnout old party-that's the long and the short of it. We represent conditions of life that have had their day— especially me. Our one remaining chance was an alliance with new aristocrats ; and -we have failed. We are past and done for. Our line has had five hundred years of glory, and we ought to be content. Enfin les renaras se tronvent chcz h pelletier.' ' Speak for yourself, young consequence, and leave the destinies of old families to respectable philosophers. This fiasco is the direct result of evil conduct, and of nothing else at all. I have managed badly : I countenanced you too far. When 1 saw your impish tendencies I should have forsworn the alliance.' ' Don't sting me, captain. What I have told you is true. As for my conduct, cat will after kind, you know. You should have held your tongue on the wedding morning, ana have let me take my chance.' ' Is that all I get for saving you from gaol r Gad — 1 alone am the sufferer, and feel I am alone the fool ! ? . . Come, off with you — I never want to see you any more.' ' Part we will then — till we meet again. It will be a light night hereabouts, I think this evening.' ' A very dark one for me.' ' Nevertheless, I think it will be a light night. All TCCOXY I ' Dare went his way, and after a while De Stancy went hia. Both were soon lost in the shades. Chapter V. The caBtle to-night was as gloomy as the meads. As Havill had explained, the habitable rooms were just now undergoing a scour, and the main block of building was empty even of the few servants who had been retained, they having for comfort's sake taken up their quarters in the de tached rooms adjoining the entrance archway. Hence not a single light shone from the lonely windows, at which ivy leaves tapped like woodpeckers, moved by gusts that were numerous and contrary rather than violent. Within the walls all was silence, chaos, and obscurity, till towards 11 o'clock, when the thick immovable cloud that had dulled the daytime broke into a scudding fleece, through which the moon forded her way as a nebulous spot of watery white, sending light enough, though of a rayless kind, into the castle chambers to show the confusion that reigned there. At this time an eye might have noticed a figure flitting in and about those draughty apartments, and making no more noise in so doing than a puff of wind. Its motion hither and thither was rapid, but methodical ; its bearing absorbed, yet cautious. Though it ran more or less through all the prin cipal rooms the chief scene of its operations was the Long Gallery overlooking the Pleasance, which was covered by on ornamental wood-and-plaster roof, and contained a whole throng of family portraits, besides heavy old cabinets and the like. The portraits, which were of value as works of art, were smaller than these, and hung in adjoining rooms. The manifest occupation of the figure was that of re moving these Biuall and valuable pictures from other cham- ~ bers to the gallery in which the rest were hung, and piling them in a heap in the midst. Included in the group wera nine by Sir Peter Lely, five by Vandyck, four by Cornelius) Jansen, one by Salvator Rosa (remarkable as being among; the few English portraits ever painted by that master), many by Kneller and two by Romney. Apparently by accident, the light being insufficient to distinguish them from portraits, the figure also brought a Raff aelle Virgin- and-Cbild, a mag nificent Tintoretto, a Titian, and a Gorgione. On these were laid a vast collection of enamelled minia ture portraits of the same illustrious line; afterwards tapestries and cushions embroidered with the initials De S. ; and next the cradle presented by Charles the First to the contemporary De Stancy mother, till at length there arose in the middle of the floor a huge heap containing most of what had been personal and peculiar to members of the De Stancy family as distinct from general furniture. Then the figure went from door to door, and threw open each that was unfastened. It next proceeded to a room on the ground floor, at present fitted up as a carpenter's shop, and knee deep in shavings. An armful of these was added to the pile of objects in the gallery ; a window at each end of the gallery was opened, causing a brisk draught along the walls ; and then the activity of the figure ceased, and it was seen no more. Five minutes afterwards a light shone upon the lawn from the windows of the Long Gallery, which glowed within with more brilliancy than it had known during the meridian of its Caroline splendours. Thereupon the framed gentle man in the lace collar seemed to open his eyes more widely ; he with the flowing locks and turn-up moustachios to part his lips ; he in the armour, who was so much like Captain De Stancy, to shake the plates of bis mail with suppressed laughter; the lady with ths three-stringed pearl necklace, and vast expanse of neck, to nod with satisfaction and tri umphantly signify to her adjoining husband that this was a meet and glorious end. The light increased, and blown upon by the wind roared tound the pictures, the tapestries, and the cradle, up to the plaster ceiling and through it into the forest of oak timbers above. The best sitting room at the King's Arms in Markton was as cosy this evening as a room can be that lacks the minuter furniture on which cosiness so largely depends. By the fire sat Paula and Somerset, the former with a shawl round her shoulders to keep off the draught which, despite the curtains, forced its way in on this gusty night through the windows opening upon the balcony. Paula held a letter in her hand, the contents of which formed the subject of their conver sation. Happy as she was in her general situation, there was for the nonce a tear in her eye. 'Mteverdeak Paula' (ran the letter), 'Your last letter has just reached me, and I have followed your account of your travels and intentions with more interest than I can tell. You, who know me, need no assurance of this. At the present moment, however, I am in the whirl of a change that has resulted from a resolution taken some time ago, but concealed from almost every body till now. Why? Well, I will own— from cowardice — fear lest I should be reasoned out of my plan. I am going to steal from the world, Paula, from the social world, for whose gaieties and ambitions I never had much liking,. and whose circles I have not the ability to grace. My home, and resting-place till the great rest comes, is with the Protestant Sisterhood at ? * Whatever shortcomings may be found in such a community, I believe that I shall be happier there than in any other place. ' Whatever you may think of my judgment in taking this step, I can assure you that I have not done it without consider ation. My reasons are good and my determination is un alterable. But, my own very beet friend, and more than sis 1er,don't think that I mean to leave my love and friendship for you behind me. No, Paula ; you will always be with me, and I believe that if an increase in what I already feel for you be possible, it will be furthered by the retirement and meditation I shall enjoy in my secluded home. My heart is very full, dear— too full to write more. God bless you, and your husband. You must come and see me there ; I have not eo many friends that I can afford to lose yon who have been so kind. I write this with the fellow pen to yours, that yon gave me when we went to Budmouth together. Goodbye! 'Ever your own Bister, 'Chaklotte.' Paula had first read this through silentlv, and now in read ing it a second time aloud to Somerset her voice faltered, and she wept outright. ' I had always been expecting her to live with us always,' she said through her tears, ' and to think she should have decided to do this !' 'It is a pity, certainly,' said Somerset gently. ' She was genuine, if anybody ever was ; and simple as she was true.' ?'I am the moreEOrry,' Paula presently resumed, 'because of a little plan 1 had been thinking of with regard to her. You know that the pictures and curiosities of the castle are not included in the things I cannot touch, or impeach, or whatever it is. They are our own to do what we like with. My father felt in devising the estate that, however inter csting to the De Stancys those objects might be, they did not concern us— were indeed rather in the way, having been come by eo strangely, through Mr. Wilkins, though too valu able to be treated lightly. Now I was going to suggest that we would not sell them— indeed I could not bear to do such a thing with what had belonged to Charlotte's forefathers — but to hand them over to her as a gift, either to keep for her self or to pass on to her brother, as she should choose. Now I fear there is no hope of it ; and yet I shall never like to see them in the house.' ' It can be done still, I should think, She can accept them for her brother when he settles, without absolutely taking them into her own possession.' ' It would be a kind of generosity, which hardly amounts to more than justice (although they were purchased) from a recusant usurper to a dear friend — not that I am a usurper exactly ; well, from a representative of the new aristocracy of internationality to a representative of the old aristocracy of exclusiveness.' . What do you call yourself, Paula, since you are not of your father's creed F' ' I suppose I am what poor Mr. Woodwell said — by the way we must call and see him— something or other that's in Revelation, neither cold nor hot. But, of course, that's a sub-species — I may be a lukewarm anything. What I really am, as far as I know, is one of that body to whom lukewarmth is not an accident but a provisional necessity, till they see a little more clearly.' She had crossed over to his side, and pulling his head towards her whispered a word in his ear. ' Why, Mr. Woodwell said you were that too ! You carry your beliefs very comfortably. I shall be glad when enthusiasm is come again.' 41 1 am going to revise and correct my beliefs one of these days when I have thought a Tittle further.' She suddenly breathed a sigh and added, 'How transitory our best emotions are ! In talking of myself I am heartlessly for getting Charlotte, and becoming happy again. I won't be happy to-night, for her sake !' A few minutes after this their attention was attracted by a noise of footsteps running along the street ; then' a heavy tramp of horses, and lumbering of wheels. Other feet were heard scampering at intervals, and soon somebody ascended the staircase and approached their door. The head waiter appeared. 'Ma'am, Stancy Castle is all afire!' said the waiter breathlessly. Somerset jumped up, drew aside the curtains, and stepped into the bow-window. Right before him rose a blaze. The window looked down the street and along the turnpike road to the very hill on which the castle stood, the keep being visible in the daytime above the trees. Here rose the light, which appeared little further oil than a stone's throw instead of nearly two miles. Every curl of the smoke and every wave of the flame was distinct, and Somerset fancied he heard the crackling. Paula had risen from her seat and joined him in the win dow, where she heard some people in the street saying that the servants were all safe ; after which she gave her mind more fully to the material aspects of the catastrophe. The whole town was now rushing oil to the scene of the conflagration, which, shining directly up the street, showed the burgesses' running figures individually upon the illu mined road. Paula was quite ready to act upon Somerset'* suggestion that they too should hasten to the spot, and a fly was got ready in a few minutes. With lapse of time Paula evinced more anxiety as to the fate of her castle, and when they had driven as near as it was prudent to do, they dis mounted, and went on foot into the throng of people which was rapidly gathering from the town and surrounding vil lages. Among the faces they recognised Mr. Woodwell, Havill the architect, the rector of the parish, the curate, and many others known to them by sight. These, as soon as they saw the young couple, came forward' with words of condolence, imagining them to have been burnt out of bed, and vied with each other in offering them a lodging. Somer set explained where they were staying and that they required no accommodation, Paula interrupting with, 'O my poor horses, what has become of them r ' 'The fire is not near the stables,' said Mr. Woodwell. ' It broke out in the body of the building. The horses, however, are driven into the field- ' ' I can assure you, you need not be alarmed, madam,' said Havill. 'The chief constable is here, and the two ] town engines, and I am doing all I can. The castle engine unfortunately is out of repair.' Somerset and Paula then went on to another point of view near the gymnasium, where they could not be seen by the crowd. Three quarters of a mile off, on their left hand, the powerful irradiation fell upon the brick chapel in which Somerset had first seen the woman' who now stood be side him as his wife. It was the only object visible in that direction the dull hills and trees behind failing to catch the light. She significantly pointed it out to Somerset, who knew her meaning, and they turned again to the more serious matter. It had long been apparent that in the face of such a wind allthe pigmy appliances that the populace could bring to act upon Buch a masB of combustion would be unavailing. As much as could burn that night was burnt, while some of that which would not burn crumbled and fell as a formless heap, whence new flames towered up, and inclined to the north - east so far as to singe the trees of the park. The thicker walls of Norman date remained unmoved partly, because of their thickness, and partly because in them stone vaults took the place of wooden floors. The tower clock kept manfully going till it had struck one, its face smiling out from the smoke as if nothing were the matter, after which hour something fell down inside, and it went ns more. Cunningham Haze, with his body of men, was devoted in his attention, and came up to say a word to our two spec tators from time to time. Towards four o'clock the flames diminished, and- feeling thoroughly weary, Somerset and Paula remained no longer, returning to Markton as they had come. On their journey they pondered and discussed what course it would be best to pursue in the circumstances, grad ually deciding not to attempt rebuilding the castle unless they were absolutely compelled. True, the main walls were still standing as firmly as ever ; but there was a feeling common to both of them that it would be well to make an opportunity of a misfortune, and leaving the edifice in ruins start their married life in a mansion of independent construction hard by the old one, unencumbered with the ghosts of an unfor tunate line. ' We will build a new house from the ground, eclectic in : style. We will remove the ashes, charred wood and so on from the ruin, and plant more ivy. The winter rains will soon wash the unsightly smoke from the walls, and De Stancy Castle will be beautiful in its decay. You. Paula, i will be yourself again, and recover, if you have not already, [ from the warp given to your mind (according to Woodwell) by the mediaevalism of that place.' j ' And be a perfect representative of ' the modern spirit' ' , she inquired ; ' representing neither the senses and under- | standing, nor the heart and imagination ; but what a finished - writer calls ' the imaginative reason' ? ' j 'Yes ; for since it is rather in your line you may as well keep straight on.' ?? Very well, I will keep rtraight on ; and we'll build a new house beside the ruin, and show the modern spirit for evermore ? But, George, I wish— 'and Paula re pressed a sigh. ' Well ? ' ' I wish my castle wasn't burnt ; and I wish you werea De Stancy !' THE EKD. 