THROUGH MAORILAND. No. VII. On reaching Oruanui I dismissed the Maoris with a suitable present, and determined to journey to Orakeikorako on foot. Mr. Bell, the missionary of the native village, kindly invited me to take up my quarters at his house during my stay, and, moreover, promised to accompany me to the Hot Springs in the vicinity. My experience with reference to the Maori whares decided me to accept my countryman's hospitality with many thanks. The house, though small, and erected with native material, was very clean and comfortable, and stood some considerable distance from the dwellings of the Maoris—a fact which accounted for the absence of certain domestic creatures more nimble than elegant. A dense fog lay upon the Waikato as we started for the Springs (the morning following my arrival). We had several miles to walk, but before we had completed our journey the thick mist had vanished beneath the beams of the sun, and now—what a sight! In swift course, forming rapids after rapids, the Waikato was plunging through a deep valley between steep rising mountains ; its floods, whirling and foaming round two small rocky islands in the middle of the river, were dashing with a loud uproar through the defile of the valley. Along its banks white clouds of steam were ascending from hot cascades falling into the river, and from basins full of boiling water shut in by a white mass of stone. Yonder a steaming fountain was rising and falling ; now there sprang from another place a second fountain ; this also ceased in its turn ; then two commenced playing simultaneously, one quite low at the river bank, the other opposite upon a terrace ; and thus the play continued with endless changes, as though experiments were being made with grand waterworks, to see whether the waterfalls had a sufficient supply. I began to count the places where a boiling water basin was visible, or where a cloud of steam indicated the existence of such, but they became so intermingled within my vision that I was unable to survey them accurately. The region of springs extends along the river a distance of about a mile on both banks, the larger portion of them being situated upon the right bank. It is, however, difficult of access, since the rapid stream cannot be passed close by the springs themselves, but only far above or below, and then it would be necessary to climb along the steep sloping river banks, covered with dense undergrowth, where the traveller upon a soil totally softened by hot vapours would be every moment in danger of sinking into boiling mud. I was obliged to content myself with a closer inspection of the springs situated on the left river bank. The largest is called by the natives Puia Te-mnui, and is situated close by the bank of the river. The manner in which we practically experienced the intermittent properties of this fountain proves sufficiently how much caution is necessary in approaching such springs for the first time. Maori Pat, disdaining the warning of Mr. Bell, and wishing to enjoy the luxury of a bath, plunged into the stream, when suddenly there was heard loud detonations, and we saw the water madly boiling up in a basin close by. Pat started back again in terror, and gained the bank just in time to escape a shower bath of boiling water, for now, amid hissing and roaring, a steaming water column was being ejected from the basin in a slanting direction, and to the height of about twenty feet. When the shower had subsided we stepped up to the basin and found it empty, and were able to look down to a depth of eight feet into a funnel-shaped, gradually con- tracting aperture, from which steam escaped with a hissing noise. Gradually the water rose again, and after the lapse of a few minutes the second eruption took place. My host informed me that for two years after the earthquake at Wellington in 1860 this fountain was a geyser sponting to a height of 60 feet, and throwing up with powerful force even stones as fast as they were flung in. Oruanui proved very interesting to me apart from the many material curios in its neighbourhood. Through the influence of Mr. Bell I had an opportunity of witnessing the Maoris at work, making rugs and mats. The flax plant grows most abundantly in every part of the Waikato. To the native it has proved the most useful plant in the whole vegetable kingdom, both socially and pecuniarily ; from it the Maori builds and ornaments his whare, manufactures his clothing, and it is also one of the best payable commodities of barter between him and his Pakeha brother. Its growth is very rapid, the stalk shooting to a height of ten to twelve feet, the apex being crowned by pale yellow blossom, which has a pretty appearance while in flower. In a valley to the rear of the settlement we found the Maoris employed on a plantation of flax. Here were a dozen dark forms of both sexes squatting in a cluster cutting down the broad blades ; others were conveying it in bundles to a third party seated on the bank of the river ; the latter were engaged splitting the leaf and stripping off the inner fibre with mussel shells—a rather peculiar and dexterously managed process, almost impossible for any but the Maoris themselves to execute with success. The fibre produced from the leaf is white in colour, and is remarkably soft and silklike to the touch. I saw Maori Pat take a leaf of it to make a whip for a Maori child. He cut it across, and then stripped off the inner fibre by merely pressing the end of his thumb along it. My host informed me that the soft substance thus produced is called muka, and when dried and assorted is used in making the most luxurious mats and native apparel. " But you shall see them at work in the Kaitaka whare," said he, leading the way to a long shed situated on the rising ground above the flax bush. This building was close upon a hundred feet long, with a corresponding width, and contained about fifty native women and girls in groups of five and six, busily employed in the various stages of rugmaking. Here were a group platting the porera, a very common mat, only used as floorcloth. The material used was composed of uncraped flax split into narrow bands and closely woven together. When finished it presented a glossy straw-like appearance. I was informed that they also make the whole paraphernalia of plates and dishes in use at the hapu out of the same substance. The next party were engaged on the koro. This was manufactured with scraped flax, the macbine used for tbe process somewhat resembling a harp. After it came from this rude appliance the mat was ornamented with various dyed tags. The dyes of different colours are obtained with little trouble from the bark of trees in the vicinity. "The rug most valued by the Maoris," said our host, " is the kaita." This is woven of the very finest soft white muka, and is not sullied by any tag or ornament, except a border about a foot in width of a different colour. The border is black as a rule, except when sets of parallel zigzag lines, and the spaces between them are left white, thus forming a beautiful article. Speaking a few words in tbe Maori language to a grey-headed old chief who accompanied us, Mr. Bell conducts us to a tier of shelves screened by thick mat at the other end of the whare. Here were piled up costly rugs and dresses, fancy articles in matting, and a host of brilliant coloured trifles intended for the Auckland market. The chief unfolded one splendid rug that especially attracted my attention. It was as large as one of our railway wrappers, dyed black, and with a soft velvet- like shade, its only ornament a white circle in the centre about the size of a dinner plate. I held it in my hands admiring its beauty, when Maori Pat, who was standing at my side, seized hold of it, and, throwing it over his deformed shoulders, strode majestically up and down the shed like a stage king. The Maoris, as a rule, rarely indulge in laughter, but the antics of my bon comerado set them chuckling from right to left. "Arrah! wouldn't I make a purty monarch, wid a throne ov goold to sit on, an' a togay like this about me, an' all the natives of the Waikato for my subjects, forby the whole ov those hussies here for my wives, eh ?" exclaimed Pat, with a broad grin wrinkling his rough face from brow to chin, and strutting to and fro after the manner of a peacock with outspread tail. Mr. Bell tried to look grave, but couldn't manage it, and so fell to laughing until he was almost convulsed. " Troth I'd be a merry king, ma bouchal! continued the dwarf, with just the ghost of pent-up roguery gleaming from his eyes. "I'd bundle some o' them spalpeens away down to the City of Auckland for a canoe full o' whisky, an the fust blaguard that gave in before he'd emptied the third bottle," begorra I'd sentence him to marry the ugliest ould whyena about the place." " What post in this fair domain would your Gracious Majesty design to bestow upon your humble servant ?" said I, with mock humility, when I was able to speak. " Pohst ?" echoed Pat, stopping in his walk. " By my fay, I'd make ye a gineral on the spot, an' raise an army of Maori women as sogers for ye, an', by the piper, here's Putama would be jer drum-major, and walk before the force, like a gander before the geese ; eh me boy?" And with a wild "worroo," the ruffian in an ecstacy of devilry, sprang three feet in the air, but missing his footing he came down on the hard ground with a dull thud. A hoarse guffaw at this moment attracted my attention. At the entrance to the shed stood a tall, heavy native woman, with her arms akimbo, surveying the dwarf intently. Such a burly, muscular amazon, white, brown, or black, I had never beheld in my life. Her huge face, framed by a rusty coloured fleece, which had probably never known comb or shears since her birth, was tattooed all over, and, save for a very scanty kilt about her middle and a necklace of sharks' teeth around her bulky throat, she was as devoid of clothing as a dolphin. The moment Maori Pat observed the lady, the droll sportive humour faded from hia face altogether, and he became suddenly meek and crestfallen, which made him look more comical than heretofore. "Och, hone! It's Putama herself, divel a one else. I'm undone ; bedad I am. What will I do?" he muttered hurriedly to himself, at the same time looking right and left, as if he medi- tated flight. Putama, with a grin which almost dislocated her jaws, walked coolly up to the dwarf, and, throwing ber great arms around his neck, gave him a convulsive hug, which undoubtedly would have proved fatal to any ordinary man. "Holy piper! Oh! och!" roared Pat lustily, and struggled gallantly to free himself. " Let go yer hoult. What d'ye mane wid your tricks—in the presence ov the gentlemen no less ? Arrah! stop yer humbuggin'—do. Shore, I'm ashamed of ye, and so I am!" The virago gazed upon him with amatory glances, and again treated him to another fond embrace, which left poor Pat breathless. "Musha, but this is illigant tratement," he exclaimed ruefully, "to be followed about, an' squeezed like a bale ov wool or a Cork cheese, until the life is nearly out o' me. What d'ye mane, eh?" The Maori muttered something in her guttural tones. "Your darlint, eh?" repeated Pat indig- nantly ; " it's long 'sorry I'd be to be your darlint ; anyhow d'you mind that now? Troth I'll be off out o' this murthering place this very night." Again the amazon spoke to him. "Go wid ye to the river is it?" repeated he. " No, my honey, I will not. Plaze, Mr. Bell, send her out of that," cried he, appealing to that gentleman. The good missionary declined to interfere between the lovers, and Pat waxing desperate made a sudden dart out of the shed, but Putama caught him, and despite his straggles carried him to the bank of the river, and there seating herself beside him, and placing one of her muscular arms about his waist, she held him in "converse sweet" until the sun went down behind the western hills. " I'm depressed in spirit," as the lump of sugar said when it dropped into the toddy tumbler. Oats are reported "a halfpenny a piece" in California. A great many young men are busily engaged there sowing wild ones. Telegrams from Teheran say that the Kurds are falling back. This, we suppose, means that tbey are trying to get out of the whey of the enemy. A Nevada ball report says :—" Miss Honora X. was full of eclat ; in fact, the eclatest lady present." IT doesn't always pay to be meek. " You are an idiot!" angrily exclaimed a Philadelphia wife. "So my friends said when I married you," replied the husband. And she got twice as mad. " WHEN WE WERE BOYS TOGETHER!"—Uncle Robin (looking at toy-shop window)—"Ah! they don't make such amusing toys now as they used to make sixty or seventy years ago ; do they, Dick?" Uncle Richard—"No, by George! Nothing like!"—Punch. The clergyman in a certain town as the custom is, having published tbe banns of matrimony between two persons, was followed by the clerk reading the hymn, beginning with these words:— " Deluded souls, that dream of heaven!" "I say, Jim," said a ploughboy the other day to his companion, "I know of a new fashion macintosh to keep out the wet." " What's that ?" " Why, if you eat a red herrin' for breakfast, you'll be dry all day." I2T £1 FREE GIFTS.—The Proprietors of WOLFE'S AROMATIC SCHIEDAM SCHNAPPS, to Induce the destruction and prevent the Improper use of their wrappers and labels, and thns further protect the Public against fraud and deception, have enclosed in the wrappers, or under the label on the ijuart bottles, since 1st October, 1878, asd continue to enclose tK EVEBV DAT TI PACKING THROUGHOUT TUB YEAR. TKEEE £1 ORDERS, which are drawn upon the undersigned, and which will be cashed by them on presentation. To secure these Gifts, the Public must be careful to ask for. and accept nothing but the GENUINE TTDOLPHO WOLFE'S SCHNAPPS, with our name upon the top label. Moss & Co., Wynyardlone, Sydney. eStthtc 