TO THE EDITOR OF THE " DAILY TELEGRAPH." I Sir,-Perhaps the following incident which happened to me may not be altogether out of place in the correspondence on thiH subject. About 15 or 18 years ago I had driven a young lady friend from the village of Sandhurst, in Berkshire, to Windsor, where we spent the day. It was about this period of the year, and on our return at night the moon being at its full was shin- ing brilliantly. On 1 urning out of the Bracknell road into the village we had to pass a house which in former years had the reputation of being haunted, but on the occasion I am reterring to such a Bubjeot as ghosts was very far from my thoughts. I was chatting with my companion till we came to the meadow at the back of the so caüed haun'ed house, when we both saw standing in the middlo of the meadow a figure of a most brilliant white. It seemed to me to look like a man without a head and with a roniarkab'y white frock on t!"e rest of his body. I stopped tho horse I was driving and gave tho reins to my friend, and was about to descend and go into the field to see what the object was, when, before I had time to alight, it began to approach us, and came within a few feet of the hedge, when it so sud. denly disappeared as to cause us both to be much more alarmed than at the sieht of the spectre. On arriving at tho house where my lady friend lived we acquainted her family with what we had seen. Her father,' a very old gentleman, ex- pressed no enrprise, but told me ho had often had girls come screaming into his house, stating what thoy had seen in the road and about tho grounds adjoining this so-called haunted house. Occasionally it was a man in white, then a lady with her hoad cut off, and other dreadful things which they said they had seen. During my stay in tho village I conversed with a man who had lived in tho house some timo for the purpose of minding it. He told me he and his wife could rarely get any sloop owing to continual nocturnal noises, such as chains being drawn up and down stairs, the rustliug of silk, drosses* opening on/J shutting of doors, &c.; After all this lapse of years I can gire no explanation of what I Baw except as I. have described it. I send my name and address, but not for publication. -I am yours, ( A BELIEVES,. 