Cfn Albert summer cruise. MONDAY, NOVEMBER 21, 1881. so The quarterly abstracts of bank liabilities and assets which have been issued for several of the colonies indicate very material changes in the financial operations of the three months ending on the 30th of last September. In another column YVG publish a comparative slate in out for the June and September quarters and an analysis of the last returns for all the banks of issue in this colony and Victoria From that statement, it will be seen that the deposits, Which, averaged £19,40s 808 in New South Wales and £20,981,993 in Victoria for the June quarter, rose to £19,878 307 in New South Wales and £21,028,267* in Victoria for the September quarter, an increase of £17 1,499 in this colony and of £120,274 in Victoria. But this does not represent the whole case. For the June quarter, the Government securities held by the banks in this colony averaged £1,983,120, and the cash balance of the Treasury at the end of the quarter was £707,408, which, left the Government a borrower to the extent of £1,215,7 IS. For the September quarter the average Government securities were a little less-£l,92G,830- but the cash balance on the 30th of September had also fallen to 20:1 1,098, leaving- the Government a debtor to the amount of £1,392,138. Excluding those Government accounts, the public were borrowers from the banks to the extent of .C1G,-_'72,3:10 in June and £17,810,420 in September, Yviiile their deposits amounted to £18,G3G,<100 and £19,343,009 respectively. This means that for June the public were lending more time they were borrowing to the extent of £2,304,070, and for September to the extent of £1,027, 183. They increased their deposits during the quarter by £707,209 ; but they also increased their discounts and other debts to the banks by the amount of £1,544,090, altogether apart from the operations of the Government. The quarterly abstracts for June showed that the total deposits, including the Government account, exceeded the advances by £1,148,352 in New South Wales, and £1,323,547 in Victoria. The abstracts now published show that in New South Wales the deposits still exceed the advances, but only by £135,0 10. In Victoria the deposits have all been absorbed, and £'298,509 of banking capital besides was required to meet the demand for advances for the aVerage of the September quarter. There is no reason to think this demand more than ordinarily specu- late but. on the contrary, it represents the expansion of legitimate business, due to the general industrial prosperity of both colonies, The demand for land in New South Wales has doubtless something to do with it; and the Riverina purchases would affect Melbourne as well as Sydney. Under all forms of sale the Government of New South Wales must have sold more than three million acres of land during the present year, and the land revenue for the nine months ending last September reached the high total of £2,034,704 from all sources. All that money went into the banks, and while a portion of it was advanced to the Government for the prosecution of new railway works. without issuing new loans. another and probably large portion has been advanced to the pastoral lessees to enable them to carry on the process of converting their leaseholds into freeholds out of the proceeds of their annual WOOL clip and cast of fat stock. The bulk of the £1,512,247 spent the year on noYV land purchases has come from this source, and it may be taken for granted that a considerable portion of the three million acres taken up during the year remains in the hands of the banks as collateral security for advances to the buyers. Still, that will not account for all the advances, which have increased since the December quarter of last year by £2,533,057, for an increase of £1,095,283 of deposits within the same period of nine months. These figures speak for themselves; and they tell of a degree of general material prosperity in this colony unsurpassed, and perhaps unequalled, in all its previous history. The total paid-up capital of the thirteen banks of issue noYV making returns to the New South Wales Government is £10,029,796, with reserved profits amounting to £3,877,991 besides. The half-yearly dividends last declared . are equal to 119 per cent, per annum for A the September quarter, and 11, per cent, for the previous June. In Victoria the profits were not so high, averaging only 10s per cent. 'per annum. The reserved profits are left in the business ostensibly as an additional security to the public, and as a provision for the fluctuations of different years. Yet, I ', they are included in the dividend capital of the banks, the profits of last quarter's returns are equal to 3 J per cent, per annum in New South Wales, and 7½ percent, in Victoria. As long as banking pay so well even upon the margin of profits reserved to cover risk, new capital will find its way into the business as fast as it can get openings for investment. The quarter just over has witnessed the introduction of another local bank to the public of this colony, under the name of the Sydney and County Bank, which dates its first returns from the 18th July last, with a capital of £19,220, and a note circulation of £2340. That gwen Sydney six local banks, holding £14,929,541 of deposits, with £14,854,804 of advances note circulation of £1,148,030, and coin and bullion to the amount of £2,424,801, against five local banks in Melbourne holding £9,424,991 of deposits, with £10,572,915 of advances, £031,388 of note circulation, and £1,150,808 of coin and bullion. The Bank of New South Wales is also one of the principal monetary institutions in Victoria, inferior in that colony only to the Bank of Victoria, and perhaps now, to the Bank of Australasia, and the Union, in the extent of in operations. The English institutions do business in both colonies, and in several others, but their business seems to be twice as large in Victoria as in New South Wales, her the extra-colonial banks have £4,948,7bo o deposits for £4,888,398 of advances, ann 2 Victoria they have £11,603,276 of all £10,753,801 of advances. AU of their own capital all the banks are employing in a colony consists of £2,288,022 of coin and bullion in excess of their note circulation an .ßßSU.ßOf) locked up in their business means loss £lÛ5,Ode. of deposits held by them in excess of advances, leaving a total of £2),47 487. In Victoria they have coin and bullion in excess of their note circulation to the amount of £2,128,000, business premises valued at £88-1,20.'!, and advances in excess of deposits to the extent of £208,500, making f:¡:>l 1,707 of their own capital employed in addition to the capital in the form of deposits supplied by the public. It follows that the bulk of their own capital is still disengaged, or rather that the deposits do not got absorbed, which accounts for the-, cheapness of priority. The deposits not bearing interest xvero'u.S,0Ô5,312 in New South Wales, and £7 200,4 in Victoria for the September quarter, an increase upon the June quarter of ¿.l>3u,173 in" this colony, and 2188 0/51 in Victoria. Mr. WATSON is right in hesitating to issue a new loan in London while the coffers of the banks are overflowing Nvith superfluous millions in Sydney.: But it is not desirable for private enterprise and the operations of the Government to be too intimately and extensively associated, and the wants of the colony for all sorts of works, such as modern civilization necessitates, and the facilities the colony affords for all kinds of remunerative enterprises, ought quickly to absorb the idle millions clio banks have on hand, with the certain prospect of an increasingly profitable return. Layt The satisfactory way in which the meat sent home by the Orient turned out seems to show that all the mechanical difficulties have pour been entirely overcome, and that the very last fraction of insecurity has yielded to patient study and experiment. The importance of this is that it turns a punishable tyro into a practically imperishable one, and makes the risk of sending fresh meat as safe for insurance at the risk of the ship itself in fact safer. There is still room for experi- ment and discovery as to best kind of freezing machines, and the best process of thawing, and as to the amount of dryness that is necessary and beyond which it is not expedient to go. But the great difficulties noYV remaining to be overcome are not mechanical or chemical, but commercial. We want the cheapest arrangements for freight, and then the real value of the meat on arrival. Our correspondent tells us that it is now recognised that cold storage is essential to the trade, but recourse to it may often he rendered unnecessary by the mere knowledge the fact that it is available. When the seller cannot be cornered, there is no use in trying to corner him. We are told also that the mutton is too small, and that we must go in for larger sheep. But, except to a moderate extent, NVC cannot do this "We breed principally for wool, and, as a general rule, the liner the wool the smaller the sheep. Many attempts have been made to combine fine NVOOI and large carcases, but as yet with very poor success. Of the two things the fleece and the mesh the former is with us by far the most important. We reap the former harvest several times, the latter only once. It would not, therefore, pay the colony to sacrifice fineness in the wool to get size in the joints. Perhaps in course of time the prejudice against small Australian mutton will give way, and people will think more of the SNvcot -CSS, tenderness, succulence, and cheapness of the joint than its mere size. This last consideration is doubtless the most important of all. If the merino is to light his way to the English table in competition with the South- down, it must be by an appeal to the pocket as well as to the stomach of the cater. Paterfamilias will see virtues in meat which is undeniably Nvholesomo, if it is also undeniably cheap. It has been seen that the consumer has gained the full advantage of the low price at which several of the consignments have been quitted. If, as is surmised in some quarters, the butchers have intercepted this proof, that is a manoeuvre that cannot be kept up as a permanency. Competition may be trusted to bring profits down to the normal level, and the consumer will ultimately get the benefit intended for him. It is satisfactory to find that the Imperial Government is seriously considering what ought to be done with a view to the protection of the white population scattered throughout the South Sea Islands. 1 But it may be doubted whether the matter is one that requires anything so formal as a Convention of the rowers interested in the South Seas. A recent telegram furnishes us with some reason for believing that the Home authorities are contemplating come such European concert for the South Seas as the one that has been dealing with the affairs of the East. So far as the Powers are concerned, however, the circumstances of Polynesia are widely different from those of South-Eastern Europe. The two European Powers that have committed themselves to the work of colonization in the South Seas are England and France. Ger niunyluiin large interest in the islands, but has- a trading interest chiefly, if not entirely. i]y a treaty with lung (rumor, of TONGA, (Germany has secured a coaling station at the Friendly Islands, but that is about all the territory the German Government lays claim to in the South Seas, and even in regard to this that Government is the occupier rather than the Owner. A year or so ago there was a movement in Germany in the direction of the annexation of Samoa, but though the idea was said to be favoured by Prince BISMARCK, it was not accepted by the Reichstag. Still, although Germany has no territory in the South Seas, HUMP is a large number of Germans there, and it is to England and Germany especially that the trader-, of those seas will look for protection. France has her settlements at New Caledonia and Tahiti, nor does she show any disposition to confine her attention to these parts. Put in the South Seas especially the French have a habit of thinking for themselves, and when occasion demands they are back to strike out a line of their own, irrespective of what either England or Ger- many may do. The proposal to establish a Convention in which France and Germany may play a principal part, will probably be regarded as somewhat Quixotic. These Powers no not agree at home, and they are hardly likely to do so abroad. Nor is it at all clear that the difficulties that have arisen in the South Seas are of I! the kind that necessitate a Convention of the Powers. for the sake of the natives, as well as for that of the Powers themselves, it "J desirable that some vigorous action should be taken, and that what is done by one of the Powers interested should be done by another. But the Powers could move on the same lines without the formality of a Convention. The mischief that occasionally attends conventions is that while they secure unity of action they destroy freedom of action. Where there are agreements, there is the possibility of quarrels, The Powers that establish- formalities of friendship are liable to fall out. Unless the organs of English opinion are astray, the Convention between France and England in regard to Egypt is more likely to end in a rupture of between the Powers than in the good conduct of the subjects of the KHEDIVE. Even the European concert par excellence has not been an unmixed good. The chief Power in the South Seas is England, and up to the present no responsibilities haY'O fallen to her lot which she has not been able to bear single-handed. The difficulty which has arisen hitherto has been the result chiefly of the policy of laissez faire to which recent English Governments have been urged, and which the present Government especially seems inclined to adopt. Organs of opinion in the United Kingdom have been in the habit of treating the atrocities perpetrated by natives in the South Seas as matters of little or no moment. It has been taken for granted in many quarters that white men have got no more from natives than they have well deserved, that the laY. in Polynesia id an eye for an eye and a tooth for a tooth, and that if natives have taken the lives of white men it is because white men have been in the habit of showing them a bad example. Englishmen have stoutly objected to the liking of her Majesty's ships of Year for police purposes, and it has been maintained that if British subjects persist in going to out-of-the way places they must bear the consequences. Doctrines of this description have received the countenance of the High Commissioner and his supporters, and one of the results is seen in the stories of massacre which of late have been so frequent. Where German subjects have been attacked the German authorities have acted promptly ; but when Britons) have been stricken down British authorities have doubted as to whether it, has been their duty to act at all. That is really the explanation of the difficulty which has arisen. Great Britain has had no task in the South Seas which she could not have easily accomplished, and she has now no trouble there which she could not meet alone. We fail to see what necessity there is for the circumlocution and delay which would be consequent upon the calling of a Convention of the Powers. There are many reasons for our not wishing to have European questions cropping up in the South Seas. According to the information brought by the last mail, the new lighthouse fast approaching completion at the outer South Head is to be supplied with the Invest electric li ht in the world This sounds magnificent, and ought to satisfy the ambition of the most passionate admirer of Port Jackson met the most enthusiastic below or in the supremacy of its commerce V light like that, with a radius of forty mile;., ought to be above ill d vulgar of being mistaken for anything else It will be i Y enable beacon in the Pacific, and the night must be Very dark and foggy at lou h Ythieli some rays of system the gi cut 1 men will not penetrate for the guidance of storm tunes seamen's whether there YX is my need for such gigantic illumination may be matter of opinion , but seeing a new light 1 is to be provided, it was just as well to look a little bee in aid provide for the wants of our commerce upon its piOobeciyt, as well is its present proportions Some port must have the b ghost hunt in the world and YI BY not S y duty as YX ell as any other ? Letter 12/7 vessels entered the Heads, with a relieving ci 827,7 38 tons, and carrying 40,970 kennon, with deep natures to correspond The total number of lives entrusted to our shipping IVY side and out side last year, pis songs and - "ws all told, was larger WlmtoYOi tin len hd a sea voyage free from risk , therefore, is a matter of direct comes in to "a farmhouse number of travellers out e ground of personal a Etty, and indirectly it affects very enter dix the whole but he good. lighthouses a port of entry is at the but moment, and when the new mach ory gets into open tion at South Head, the port of Sydney may claim to be second to none in her provision for this element of safety 