EPITOME OF NEWS. C«0m,'i1!:thc folloRiag ftaiDDiarj- of Colonial events from the various journals to hand Freedom of thought (says the Brisbake kek) has always been a privilege al lowed to even the most despotically ruled countries in the old world, whatever may e eaid of freedom of speech. Judge liarding, it would appear from the COU RIER, denies this privilege to free-born Uritishers in a British colony. This is what appears iu the Col-bier's report of a recent criminal trial in the Supreme before Mr. Justice Harding:— Mr. lower, in his cross-examination of tiarry i< ursden, made a remark that he thought a certain portion of witness's evidence was material, when he was in tormed by his Honor that he (Mr. Power) was not to think whether it was material or not, as he (his Honor) was the only one who had to think in that court." « hero are the Nihilists ? wajjymf>ie mininB is going ahead Over 200 protests have been lodged against the awards made at the Melbourne Exhibition. It has been decided by the Victorian Government that after the 1st April two ntudeiita from the University will be yearly admitted to the office of Mines for the purpose of studying mining and en gineering. A number of boj-s(says theTeleorarh) are now infesting the streets of Mel bourne, obtaining money by false pre tences. Their modus operandi is to watch a lady or gentlemen coming down the street, and tffeset up a " blubber," aud upon being^pfestumeA they tell a pitiful tale about having lost a shilling, or a purse with 3s. or 4s. iu it, without ■I! i -M ey ^are "o!: home, 44 or mother will kill me." So successful have some of the youngsters been that the trade is getting overdone somewhat, and the ranks are enlarging. The New Zealand Herald gives the particulars of a very strange suicide which occurred on the thh March, in Wynyard street, Auckland. A great sensation was created iu that comparatively quiet neigh bourhood, chiefly on account of the anna rent want of motive for the deed, and'the fact that the unfortunate person was a quiet, respectable lady, Miss Emily Bar Jiett about 33 years of age, without rela tives in the city, who arrived in New ■^mdand, by the ship Adamant, and was fellow-passenger with Mrs. Alexander, mother of Dr. Alexander, with whom she lodged at the time of her death. Prior to this she had been engaged as nursery go verness in the family of Mr. Barton Ire land. She appeared for some time to be of a melancholy and desponding disposi tion ; but as she made few acquaintances aud no confidants, so far as we can learn, the cause of her despondency is not known. There was nothing in her man lier or conversation to lead to the impres sion that she contemplated suicide, and the fatal act, therefore, took Mrs. Alex ander and Dr. Alexander quite by sur prise. Dr. Alexander had only arrived about a week ago from the South, on a visit to Ins mother. At 1 o'clock on the day named, while walking in tile garden, he had his attention arrested by Mrs'. Alexander, the usual remedies and eme tics were applied, but the poison had done its work, and in a few minutes after wards Miss Barnett expired, without be ing able to give any explanation of her extraordinary conduct. An inquest was held, at which evidence was given show ing that deceased had at times been pe culiar in her conduct, but nothing further was elicited. A rather singular, but very painful, accident happened yesterday in Philip street (says the Toowoomba Chronicle), to an aged person named Charlotte Page. It appears that while walking she stepped on to a sloping part of the footway, pro bably to avoid the mud, when her foot slipped, and, doubling under her, she fell with her weight upon it, thereby causing the fracture of a bone of one of the legs just above the ancle. She was at once removed to the hospital, where the bone was act almost immediately after. William Rowe, formerly a very wealthy man and a member of the House of Re presentatives, New Zealand, was lately sent to gaol for two days for stealing two shillings from the till of an hotel. \Vi,en (««)•« " -^gles") his Grace the Duke of Manchester travelled in North ern Queensland he sensibly adapted him self to circumstances, and did not wear ermine and strawberry leaves, nor even Ins best clothes. So that when he ap proached the home station of Mr. , after a long and dusty stage, he did not by any means present the gorgeous ap pearance he does when he emerges from the Peers' Robing-Roora. Riding up to the building he asked for Mr. W., the sta tion manager, who speedily made his ap pearance. " May I enquire," said he " who you are V 441 am>» said tfce vigi.' tor, "the Duke of M-." You are, are you ? \ ou look like it, I must Bay. Gome^ come, old man, that's rather too thin It was only on his Grace's attend ant riding up with impedimenta that the incredulous manager became convinced that he was not being imposed upon. A woman named Beverage recently died at Adelaide from injuries inflicted by her husband striking her with a broom handle across the back. Mr. Woods, ex-Minis ter for Rail ways in Melbourne, who signed a contract for £30,000, and spent money freely without consulting Parliament, has expressed his virtuous indignation at the present Min ister spending a mere trifle of unauthor ised money. Mr. James Haley (saye the Quean iievan" Aoe) brought to our office on Wednesday an uncommon and remarkable bird which he caught in the bush about two miles from Queanbeyan, near the Gundaroo road, on the previous day. It is evidently a sea fowl, in some re spects resembling at first sight a gull, but whioh upon closer examination is seen to possess few, if any, of the features identi cal with that wide spread family of birds, or of those allowed to terns or divers. It is about the size of a common cockatoo, and itB plumage is of equal snowy white- ] ness, with the merest tinge of grey on the i tips of the flight feathers of the wings, ' and black streaks around the eyes. Its beak, unlike that of the gull, which is ! hooked, is straight, like a tern's, and of a I bright red colour ; its feet are webbed, with a fourth toe (small) included in the web, while the gull has but three webbed toes, and some of the varieties a small toe behind the foot. Its legs are much shorter than those of the gull, but set in the same position. It measures fill inches from tip : to tip of its wings, and 30 incheB from the point of the beak to the tip of the tail— the most remarkable feature of the bird. This graceful appanage consists of two long slender feathers, extending beyond the tail proper, which is short like a duck's, to a length of 18 inches. This rare ornithological specimen, whicti died soon after he was caught, has been sent to the Museum in Sydney. A man found drunk near Sandhurst, on Thursday night week, was found to have £339 in his pocket when he was taken to the lock-up. A Manero family waiting in town for dairying employment were (says the Bega Standard) the victims of a stupid prank for some nights past. It seems that to wards midnight they have been aroused by the rattle of stones on the house they occupy, and in the day time been regaled with stories of murdered Chinameu and the possibility of "celestial" ghosts. By a lucky chance the perpetrator was clean bowled out, and will make his how before the P.M. on Tuesday. What made the matter more aunoying was the fact that there was sickness in the house that was operated on, a circumstauce well known to the silly ghost raiser. The Aramao Maid, Qd., records a death which occurred in the town on Wednes day under rather peculiar circumstances. Deceased, a man about thirty-four years of age, by name John Phillips, had en gaged on Monday evening with Mr. Cul len, who is bringing up sheep to Vindex, and was camped at Grey rock. On Tues day he was out all day with the sheep. On coming in to camp in the evening he couiplaiped of being unwell, and during the night he became so much worse that in the morning Mr. Cullen sent him on to the hospital in a spring cart. As the cart was passing through the town be suddenly expired. A post-mortem examination showed that the cause of death was in flammation of the brain. The Peak Downs Telegram says:— Opal Finding : A gentleman arrived in town on Friday with a piece of stone about the size of a walnut, containing small, but brilliant specimens of opal. It was found eight miles from Clermont, at some distance from the road on the Western side of the Drummond Range. The tinder was about catching his horse, and getting out of patience picked up the stone to throw at him. Tim horse mov ing on, the stone was kept in band while following the horse, when a chance glance revealed the unusual character of the mis sile. That stone was not thrown ; and it is not improbable that the locality where it was found will be re- visited for the pur pose of exploration. A strange fact in natural history has been communicated to the Hamilton Spectator by Mr. Robertson, of Skene, who states that the station cat the other day came running into the house with a leveret in her mouth, which she was care fully carrying hy the nape of the neck as if it were a kitten. Mr. Robertson looked on to see what would happen next, and was amused to find that the cat, instead of making a meal of the leveret, forthwith began to suckle it as if the young bare had been her owu offspring. The foster mother and her adopted young one are both doing well. A correspondent to the Forbes Times wants to know " what becomes of all the insolvent cases ?" and he further wishes to be informed why " if a person once guts behind the dour of the Insolvent Court, you can so seldom get hold of either debtor or dividend 1" The ques tions are full of interest to a good many people, but unfortunately we cannot throw much light upon them. It is un doubtly true that there is a great deal that is bad either in the insolvent law or its administration. You can run a man | pretty close, and with Borne chance of j success until he turns into 'King-street,' and then in nine caseB out of ten, it is the cheapest way to give up the chase. Insolvency meetings are held, and insol- J vent estates are realised upon, without j much loss of time after the declaration of j insolvency. It is another thing however to get a dividend, almost as difficult as ! getting one from the South Lead G. M. | Co., and people generally feel inclined , to pocket the loss rather than trust too much to the law's delay. There are plenty of such estates where the liabilities and the assets do not Bhow such great discrepancies, and yet in the end the cre ditors get little or nothing. Months, and even years elapse, and there is nothing further to realise upon, and still the ac counts are not made up, and finally closed, whereas such a procedure would be a be nefit to all parties concerned. Another matter, and to our minds a very unjust one, has been overlooked by our corre spondent. We refer to the meetings held by the Insolvency Commissioner, and of which no notice is given to the creditors except through the columns of the Go vernment Gazette. At present, it is quite possible for a person to be a creditor in an insolvent estate for a considerable ainouut, and for a meeting for proof of debts and other business to take place, and yet for him to know nothing about it until it is all over. *' Zigzag" of the Echo writes:—The census enumerators are in trouble. Their instructions are not to admit the designa tion " Protestant" or "Catholic" or even "Christian" in the religious column of their papers, but to obtain something more definite. Frequently they find it impossible to get anything more definite, and many conscientious people avail themselves of their right to use the word "object" rather that profess alle giance to a denomination to which they do not belong. In many cases it is said the enumerators help doubtful consciences by suggesting a designation, and that the ".Church of Eneland" and the "Roman ■ Catholic" columns will gain largely by this ] process. Such enumerators are the most successful of missionaries, for they make J proselytes by hundreds with a single hint or dash of the pen, and they do not compass sea and land" to do* it. But what are the proselytes worth when made 1 Should there be an attempt next year, to upBet the Education Act, it will be seen, but—at the ballot-box and uot from these religious census papers. The Echo says :—The Duke of Man chester, the Hon. R. Marsliam, Lady ] Aun Marsham, and Lady Mary Marsham I were passengers by the Wakatipn (s.), | which left Sydney on the Oth inst., for ; Wellington, and other New Zealand ports. A curiosity in the shape of a white 1 mouse with pink eyes was (says the Gcn ; daoai Times) captured by Mr. Boyton of | Nangus last week and given to Dr. Mar i shall; hut while exhibiting it tc some of ! the townsfolk it managed to escape, and after scampering about his surgery, it ! made for a hole iu the floor, and has not I since been seen. Mr. Berry said in the Victorian Assem bly recently that he was getting very tired and weary of the leadership of the Liberal party. The Toqwoomba Chronicle says:— Mr. Angus Mackay : This gentleman, for j merly of the Queenslasder, has been appointed sub-editor of the Town and Counery Journal at Sydney. We con-" gratulate our Sydney contemporary on having secured Mr. Mack ay's services. He iB a most plodding and industrious journalist, a thorough friend of the agri culturist, and just the man for such a journal as the Town and Country. We wish Mr. Mackay every success in bis new sphere of duties. The Melbourne Leader says Ca- j nine Intelligence and Gentleness : E. Till, Hill House, Hudderstield, tells the fol lowing story :—** A friend of mine had a | pet canary, while her brother was the owner of a retriever that vras also much petted. One day the canary escaped from the house, and was dying about the grounds for a few days, and when it perched it was generally 011 high elm trees. At last it vanished from view, and this dear little pet was mourned for as lost or dead. But after the interval of another day or so, the retriever came in with the canary in his mouth, carrying ' it most delicately, and went to the owner of the bird, delivering it into her hands without even the feathers being injured. Surely nothing could illustrate more fully faithful love and gentleness in a dog than this." At Chrutchurch, New Zealand, re cently, a large mob prevented the Mor mons from holding their usual service in the Cathedral square. The Mormons were hustled about considerably, and had to be taken to the police depot for safety till tile mob dispersed. Mrs. Hampton, the evangelist preacher, is causing great excitement on the Thames, New Zealand. Many persons, especially women, at each service were calling out excitedly, and also throwing themselves at the feet of the speaker. In the Supreme Court, Brisbane, Mr. j Justice Harding recently held that a i solicitor cannot act for another who may ; be.absent. Solicitor Hest, who was also clerk to the absent solicitor, was refused a hearing, which caused some consternation in the profession. j The total cost of gas-works at Wagga up to the present time has been upwards of £5000. It is a face (says the Times) that some of the Guudagai folks sent remittances to the Rodanow Watch Manufacturing Com pany 111 America for their advertised watches, which, of course, they will ; never get. Wo recommend those who have suffered by the rascality of this American swindler, to make application, through the colonial secretary, to the American police authorities, for a restora tion of the money sent, as most certainly some of the money was sent since the mau Rodanow was arrested, and must now be in the hands of the police. The Auckland correspondent of the South Australian Register writes:— " Madame Lottie Wilinot is with us in the North Island, lecturing «n Sundays as well as week nights. Her subjects are the Devil; forbidden fruit; spiritism or spiritualism, or whatever the proper word may be ; life after death ; communica tions from spiritland ; woman's sphere ; free marriages, which, as I take it, means no marriages whatever, but a free, in tellectual, indiscriminate blending of the sexes. These are themes, which this lady discourses on to large, and I regret to say, approving and applauding au diences. But newspaper writers dare not controvert her opinions, as it was only two nights ago she thrashed with a horse whip one Mr. Price, the editor of the Napier Telegraph, because lie wrote that her discourse about the Devil tended not to edification. Mr. Price, a gentle man of ability, and much respected in the journalistic world, took the horsewhip ping, but, I daresay, will appeal to the law. It is seldom (says Monday's Melbourne Age) that a sluggish, peaceful-looking ani mal like the donkey is charged with at tacking a man without provocation, in the most vicious manner. An iustance of this, however, occurred yesterday afternoon at the Royal Park. An old man named David Reid, while passing a grazing pad dock near the Flemington-road, was chased by a donkey inside it. At first he tried to keep it off, but the donkey attacked him in a fierce manner. It knocked the i old man down with its fore feet and then j commenced biting liim everywhere. It | first bit him in the face and nearly tore | the unfortunate man's jaiv off. It then commenced biting the lower parts of his ! body, and had it not been that some per i sons going past noticed the occurrence, I and drove the animal away, the poor old man would have been killed, lteid was admitted to the hospital, where he lies in a precarious condition. I It is said that £300,000 worth of gold I has been raised to the surface since Te | mora was discovered. On Monday night (says the Newcastle j Herald), a child of Mr. Clewe's, at New ! Lambton, was taken suddenly and seri | ously ill, and continued so until the next | day, when it began to show signs of con | valescence. It appears the child had on Monday eaten a quantity of castor oil 1 berries, which are of a poisonous nature, and hence the eause of the sudden illness. Laycoek's public reception caused great ! excitement. He was escorted from Shark I Island by a large procession of boats, steam launches, Ac., and received at Cir j cular Quay by a large coucourse. A pro cession was then formed, and proceeded to the Town Hall. The street was lined with spectators, who were more enthu siastic in tlieir greetings. The Mayor de livered an address of congratulation and welcome to Laycock, who was received with much applause aud cheering. Lay cock made a suitable reply, alluding in { high terms to Trickett and Hanlan, after which his health was drunk, and the pro ceedings terminated. The citizens' address to Layeock, pre sented to him on Friday afternoon, is a richly gilt frame, and illuminated on vel lum. Surrounding it are numerous charm ing coloured vignettes of Sydney harbour, with Shark Island in the fore ground ; the starting point off the Star and Garter, Putney ; the arms of England and Aus tralia ; an allegorical figure of father Thames ; and the portrait of the recipient himself, surrounded with laurels bearing the names of those with whom he has competed. Sculls and other equatic em blems form the remainder of the design. The Victorian Governor's health is im proving ; he is now able to leave his bed. The Victorian Parliament is likely to j be prorogued on Thursday, the 14th in | stant. I The Mercury says :—The Census I Papers : We have no anecdotes to tell, | like some of our contemporaries, about \ the census papers. It does not appear, j | from anything we have heard, that any ' ' houses were omitted by the Maitland c»l- | I lectors. But if there have been any such 1 j omissions, we trust the persons concerned j will take the trouble to apply to the enu j nierator in their several districts for a cen j bus paper. The accurate numbering of the j people is a matter of public moment, a I j matter of public interest, and the spirit in | j which people should regard it is the spirit j of warm co-operation. The Government ] is inquisitive for a good, not an evil I | purpose, and everyone should strive indi ' vidually to make the returns as perfect as possible. i Daniel Bradford, the son of the man j murdered near Murrumburra, was dis j charged by the coroner's jury, and a ver | diet of wilful murder returned agaiuBt ' persons unknown. Commenting on the sentence passed by the Police Court on a ruffian who nearly murdered his wife, the Warrn-ambool •Standard says:—"Three months' im prisonment for hanging a wife by the neck seems a very inadequate punishment. But then the victim did not die ; on the contrary, she appeared in court looking not much the worse for her suspension. The hangman was John Kerr, a horse breaker, who habitually ill-treats his wife and appears to be the possessor of an tin- , governable temper. For the reason that she did not push an empty waggonette in ! the manner and direction he required, he ! i kicked her into the house, made a noose in j a stout inanilla rope, and placing it round i his wife's neck triced her up to the rafters. I The woman became unconscious, and bit ; her tongueneavly through in several places. | How or why she was liberated from her j position she could not tell. She passed : through the horrors of unexpected death, having been considerately told by her in- I j tended executioner to prepare for it. | Why he did not carry out his murderous [ intentions is known only to himself. | When his victim recorered conscious ness she was lying on the floor with the rope round her neck and her savage hus- j band standing over, threatening to con tinue the work of hanging, but was in duced to desist by her supplications." j The MeuCurv says :—Strange Death 1 °f a Valuable Horse : A few days since a j rather valuable draught horse, the pro- ! perty of Mr. Walter Cracknell, West ! Maitland, met with his death in a singti- I lar manner. The horse, it is supposed, i strayed out of the yard" through the gate j being left open, aud began to feed near I the Eastern end of the long bridge, when ! he slipped under the narrow portion of j the structure, and became impounded, as ! it were. The horse in its efforts to get I out apparently hit his head against the j flooring of the bridge, and became frantic, j for on a search being made the horse was ! found dead under the structure, and there ' were marks of blood aud hair under- I neath the flooring, where the horse was j discovered, and Mr. Cracknell thinks that I the horse in his frantic efforts to release himself must have struck his head several j times against the wood work of the bridge, j ! The Hob art Merourv of March 31 j ■ states that a young girl named Emily Hil- I | ton, a resident of Sandy Bay, was pass- j | ing along Elizabeth-street the previous i | evening, about 0 o'clock, when suddenly 1 | she felt some hot liquid on her arm, and ' I exclaimed to her companion that some ! | one had been throwing hot water on her. j | Pain led her, however, soon to think that j I something more serious had occurred, and j j on examination it was found that her arm I was very much burnt and inflamed, and ! | her dress burnt on the back and sleeve. ; j She was taken to Mr. A. P. Miller's die- i j mist's shop, where Mr. Ttiruhull, who at- j j tended to and dressed her wounds, pro- j ] nounced them to have been caused by oil j of vitriol, which had, from the marks on ! j the dress, been thrown on to her from be | hind. No clue has been obtained to the j origin of this dastardly act. | A Melbourne correspondent writes :— Superintendent Hare is a man whom tile police would have followed, every man of them, to the death, if need be. More is the pity that he had not supreme command as soon as it was found necessary to seek for the Kelly gang. It is clear he would have captured them all alive. His testi mony relative to the mistaken administra tion of the department is most damning to the late head of it. From his evidence it is to be gathered that the wrong men were invariably selected to do the right things, and that, therefore, although they were ever so well-meaning, they were al ways wrongdoing. It is clear that an ac tive, untrammelled company of half-a score determined young fellows would have hunted down the Kellys in a week. Red tape strangled the whole enterprise. We have learnt a good deal of wisdom by this experience, but it has cost us a great deal of money. The Colonial Reojster, commenting upon a summary of Mr. Watson's finan cial statement, says The fiscal policy of South Wales in recent years certainly justifies the belief that any changes thus made will be in the right direction and tend to a more equitable distribution of public burdens. We may also note that it is stated that no new loan will be placed on the London market for several months, money still being so plentiful in the co lony that should it be considered expe dient to raise a Joan in the local market to the amount of half a million or more, it could be easily done. Evidently New South Wales finds the free trade policy a paying one. The Melbourne Ace special corre spondent, under date of Wilcannia, April 2, telegraphs :—" The diggings are a com plete failure at Mount Poole. There are not five men out of about nine hundred ! at Milperinka and Mount Brown who are J making wages, and the find of gold has ! been much exaggerated. The road from i Wilcannia is sufficient in itself to deter i people from travelling there, and there is j great scarcity of water and feed on the road, while the accommodation at the dif ferent stages is so bad that persons risk ing the trip should by all means bring provisions with them, and prepare to camp out on the road. On the 27th and 28th instant, 120 points of rain fell on the field, but this has not benefitted the diggings to any appreciable extent. The main town snip is at Alilperiuka, 1U niiJestroiu Alount Brown, and all the dirt has to be earthed or carried on horseback there for washing. The rainy season seems to be over here, and without a prospect of rain. It would be the height of madness to risk coming when the smallncss of the yield of gold is taken into consideration. From the best j information obtainable here, I can safely j say that not inore than 2G0oz. of gold have j been sent from the diggings. One, Nolan, I who was reported to have obtained G4nz. I of gold from his claim at the Four File, j only obtained 20oz. ; and so little does he | think of it that anyone can buy it for nest : to nothing. j The Queensland revenue returns show : an increase of £38,000 for the quarter. I I The half-year's grace with regard to the operation (says the same journal) of the | ' compulsory clause of the Education Act j has now expired, and the provisions of j I the clause will at once be put in operation ' I in districts Noa. I, 2, 3, and 4. There I | are two sorts of defaulters—those who I ' employ their children match selling, and t so do not send them to school at all, and ■ those who enrol their children hut do not < send them the 70 days in the half-year re- i quired by law. The latter class will be 1 I proceeded against at once. ' ! The fancy dress ball at the Garden ' I Palace, Sydney, last Thursday evening, | was attended by about two thousand J | persons. It appears to have been a tame affair. An omnibuB trying to pass iu front of the tramcar, was run into and smashed last Friday, at the intersection of Park and Elizabeth-streets, Sydney. Two ladies were inside the 'bus, aud a gen tleman outside, all of whom escaped, but not without a severe shaking. The BATirrusr Free Press says .-—In- I humanity: A striking case of want of I affection in a son was brought under our ] notice last week. An old man, who was j living at Wallerawang, was seized with ' that weakness which generally results j from a long course of drink and debauch ery, and was seeking to keep body and soul together by passing from one public ' house to another, doing "odd jobs," for j which he received payment after the usual ! fashion. Latterly, however, he attained ; that stage when work was an almost im- ' possible thing for hint to engage in, and ! the end caine when he was seeking to put [ forth a little strength in rolling"* cask J a dray. With a feeble complaint ' Oh, I can't do it," he fell forward upon I the cask, and on being lifted up by the i kindly hand of an onlooker, he was found i to be dead. Those with whom he had as- i sociated knew that he had a son living j in a township not far removed, and a te- 1 legraphic message was despatched to him. An inquest was held and the son attended 1 —dressed as a well-to-do mechanic. He j looked upon liis father's corpse and shed a tear. The verdict returned was " death from heart disease," and then the compa rative strangers among whom the old man had lived so miserably and died looked upon the son to see what steps he would take to bury the remains out of sight. " Bury him !" said he, " Not I. I can t pay the funeral expenses, and L TV ,.?ay them." The Coroner "talked like a father" to him, and though moisture gathered in his eyes lie would not unbend, and took bis depar tewing others, who were under less obligation to act humanely, to coffin the remains and inter them. Acting Judge Dawliug, in sentencing S\t for t,le '""fder of the late Mr. Norton, of Dubbo, addressed her as follows Catherine Warren, you have been tried for murder, but the jury have taken a merciful view of the case, and found you guilty of manslaughter. I do not hesitate to say that under the circumstances of the case, I agree in that verdict. Indeed I think the jury would not have been justified in finding a verdict accusing you of the higher crime I he jury having done their duty 1 have now to do my duty. I know no more painful thing for a Judge to j do. for- hour*»vnr lin met. l.: I for, however he may act, he is sure not to give universal satisfaction. There is nothing more difficult than to find out and mete out the punishment which crimes deserve, and I must say that during the night I have given your case much consi deration and it has given meuuich anxiety. I have, however, satisfied my mind that what I am about to do is right, and with out further aggravating your feelings I sentence you, Catherine Warren, to be imprisoned and kept to hard labour at Barhnghurst for a period of three years and six months. This, I think, will meet your case. Ion have already been six months in gaol, and if yon are not bereft of feeling—if you have the feelings of a ; woman—these six months must have been very painful to you. You have been anxi i ousiy watching for your trial and your j sentence. In sentencing you I have i taken into consideration the favourable | evidence given by Mr. Grainger. The prisoner (who is a fine looking woman), was then removed, and she seemed to feel : her position very keenly. She walked through the passage from (he Court to the gaol with a weak uncertain step and ! staggered once or twice The Adeloug correspondent of the Tu j M',T Times writes " A. profound sen ,. — * jiioniuiiu oeU I sation was created here toy the intelligence j that a diabolically malignant plot for the I destruction of human life was attempted by some one living in our midst. A bnlky letter was dropped into the post office receiver, probably on Wednesday night last, March 30, for ioeai delivery ad ■ dressed to one T. G. Williams. On Tluirs ! dayevenmgit waB duly handed to the yonn.» | man whose address it bore, and on the : letter being opened it was found to con tain a destructive charge of dynamite I a cei!tr*liy adjusted detonating cap! i The cap was also found to have inserted I I therein a sharp pointed tack, the point 1 | directed to reach the fulminate, with a I view that, should an abrupt opening of | the paper wrappers be made, the desired i frictional scratch would be produced and j the explosive fired. Williams is said to I ; have very carefully slit the sides of the j j deadly missive with his pocket knife, as ' he laboured under something more than j a presentiment of evil, in consequence of ! . an anonymous letter sent to him the week | previous, giving him to understand that I ere long ho would be a dead man. The j frustration of this murderous device is ; mainly doe to the fact that, from a fear of i possible self-destruction, the projector used a taek a little too short, the point ! therefore, could not produce its desired . i net ion, unless under greater handling and pressure than that resorted to in the making up. The life of the postmaster was placed in more eminent peril than that of the intended victim, as the blow of a stamp would hare been the most ell'ec ; tnal means of discharging the contents of i "le ,u,8S1Tve- The goddess Love, and the j demon, Jealousy, are supposed to share , largely in the incident, fortunately shorn I of its tragical denouement. The matter is now in the hands of the police." Intoxication caused 186 violent deaths m bydney alone during 1880. There is said to be a great gathering of blacks in the Belyando country for the last six weeks. The Aeamao Mail is j told they have been coming in from the t East and from the West, dressed in their ; war paint, and are fully armed. Tile cause j of this commotion is very simple, and yet , it is one that has operated powerfully in | the disagreement 0f all ages and all people. There is a woman at the bottom of it. A stalwart young king, becoming ; enamoured of a young Western princess, emulated the deedsof the ancient knights, stormed the gnnyah of the lovod one's father, and triumphantly bore her off to the lovely glades of the gidyea-shaded Belyando country. Smarting under the insult, the outraged father is now gathering up his clans about hiiu, and . has dug up the war hatchet. The war riors to the Eastward of the Belyando support the despoiler, who is said to he considerably over seven feet in height and possessed of agon. The Sustentatiou Committee of the Presbyterian Church of New South Wales have just held their last meeting fur the tirst quarter to consider the state of the fund, and have found themselves in the position to declare an equal dividend at the rate of £301) per annum. This very satisfactory result is the more remarkable that it took the Free Church of Scotland 1 over a century in its far famed Snstenta tion Fund operations to reach its equal | dividend of £150, and it took the Preshy ! terian Church in England four years to reach its dividend of .£2000. Caution is still needed (says the E. News) with regard to the way in which water is used. The supply is by no means what it should he. The population of New Zealand, in De cember last, was 484,800. According to Mort and Co. 's monthly ' circular, 191),TOG bales of wool have been exported from Sydney since the com mencement of the season on 1st Oct. last. The Yass Courier says :—No Credit to Yass; The consummate scoundrel referred to in the following clipping from the Tumut Times is, we believe, a native of Yass :—The character of the notorious John Martin, who gave evidence against Hector Gillies in the Layard inurder case beard at the Wagga Circuit Court, and was assured by the then presiding judge that he should be in the dock instead of the accused, is tolerably well known here ; and his recent performance of tak ing a young girl to Adelong under pre tence of marrying her, spending the money her too confiding father had given him, and even proceeding to dispose of his deluded companion's horse, saddle, and bridle, must be fresh in the recollec tion of onr readers. For his latest per formance in this district—that of stealing a valuable draught horse belonging to Thomas Hope, on Feb. 21st, and on the following day disposing of it to a grazier near Tumbarumba—this scoundrel was brought before his Honor the Chief Jus tice, at the Wagga Circuit Court, on Friday last. He pleaded guilty, and, in deed, the evidence taken at the prelimin ary hearing at the court house here was so dead against him that he could not well do otherwise, and was sentenced to three years' imprisonment, with hard la bour, in Darlinghurst gaol. On Tuesday last Mr. P. Snape, P.M., coroner for the Gulgong district, held an inqueBt at the New Zealand Arms, Gul gong, 011 the body of a man named Edwin j William Southcumbe, whose corpse had i been discovered that morning in a water- j hole at Reedy Creek. James Iverwiti, a neighbour of deceased, deposed that i Southcombe was a sober and inoffensive man, apd that on Saturday he heard hiin at midnight screaming like a man that , was either out of his uiind or suffering in tense pain. William Reid, another neigh bour, had known deceased for 40 years as a member of a very respectable English family7. Southconibe himself had been in good circumstances until lately, since when liis poverty appeared to prey greatly on his mind. In Soutlicombe's hut was found a letter indicating a determination on deceased's part to destroy himself. At the top of the document was written the following inventory of deceased's pro perty :—" 70 fowls, 23 ducks, gun, sad dle, pots and pans. Bury mc in the garden." The verdict returned was that deceased drowned himself while suffering great bodily and mental pain. Commenting on this case, the Mudgee Independent says :—*" He appears to ] have coolly and deliberately set his house ! in order before bringing his painful con- j dition to a climax. Every item of his j property he jots down with minute accu- j racy, and apportions his ducks and fowls with as much perspicuity as if he were bequeathing a vast estate. The debts due to hitn amount to .£40, but he con siderately forgives all except a man who owes hi in half-a- sovereign, to whom, as a farewell reproach, he applies the epithet ' mean dog.' For his own debts, he sets tliem down at 20s., and demises unto his principal creditor a pair of fat ducks into the bargain. Then comes the most per plexing portion of the epistle. After dis criminating with a nicety between friend and foe, he lavishes praises upon some fa milies and execrations upon another. He accuses one man of keeping a shanty, and dubs his wife a name which is only ap plied to the very vilest of women. The key to the whole epistle is hypochondria, ! and after having performed these acts, rational enough in a certain sense, but I tinged with physical agony and the bleak ! est of melancholy, the uufortnnate man went out—and drowned himself." It will be remembered (says the Fiji Times) that some months ago we noticed the case of the Louisiana schooner, which was sold, by the firm of A. Bosch and 1 Co., to the chiefs of the island of Niufou. The purchasers undertook to navigate the vessel to Niufou ami lost themselves at sea. After many weary weeks and a va riety of mishaps, they found themselves in the viciuity of New Zealand, and then, by reversing their course, eventually made the small island of Fulaga, to the extreme East of the group, where they arrived in an exhausted and starving conditiou. From thence they proceeded to Loma Loma, and were detained, pending the arrival of a magistrate, to answer a charge of a breach of the quarantine regulations. The case has lately been heard before the Stipendiary Magistrate for the district, and the captain has been fined X50, with alternative of six mouths' imprisonment. We understand that upon application to his Excellency the fine has since been re mitted. On Monday last (says the Wagga Wagga Express) a large eagleliawk was shot at Mr. Lockett's farm, Albury Road, under exceptional circumstances. A eon of Mr. Lockett was out in the paddock with a sheep-dog, w hich the bird, with re markable boldness, attacked, encircling round it, to tlie manifest alarm of the animal. The hostile demonstrations of the eaglehawk became so marked that the dog sat down, and, assuming a defen sive attitude, snapped at the bird as it flew round him. When the youth he came aware of tlie state of affairs, which was becoming decidedly unpleasant for the I dog, he went to its assistance, and after j beating the bird off returned to the house for a rifle, with which he made short i work of it at a range of about 125 yards, | the bullet penetrating its neck, t A fire too place at Rockhampton, the origin of which can only be accounted for in the following curious way ;—" We I (Rockhampton Bulletin) are informed j that Mr. Newth, who had closed his shop, j was in the act of sealing a bottle at a gas j jet in the shop, when he was seized with j a fit, and fell with the light in his hand. ; Some of the burning sealing wax fell on I inflammable chemicals, which instantane J ously ignited. Happily Mr. Stewart's ! employees noticed the fire before it lmd j extended far, and Mr. Hannigan broke through the door and dragged Mr. Xeivth, I who was in an unconscious state into the | yard, otherwise ho would most probably have been burned to death.'' j The Echo, of April 8, says : —Although j in the city for some time past the weather has been most, unseasonably hot and ! sultry, and almost indicative of change in respect to the weather generally chx ' racteristic of Easter, front the country re ports speak of very pleasant and agricul turally valuable weather. Rain in many 1 districts has fallen plentifully, and there is little evidence of any lack of water. Pasture seems iu good and improving ' condition, and the absence of any disease iu stock continues to be a subject for j most favourable report. A weatherboard d welling-house in Foveaux-street, Surry Hills, was (says the same Echo) destroyed by lire, between 1 and So'clock this morning. The bouse was occupied by John Wilson, a wood and fuel merchant. He appears to have left a lighted caudle in the first floor bedroom, and to have gene into the lower partof the house, when the bedroom curtains be came ignited. As the building was com posed of inflammable material, the flames spread rapidly, resulting in the total de struction of the house and its contents. The fire was eventually extinguished by the manuel engines of the Insurance Bri gade and the Volunteer Company. The property was insured in the London and Lancashire Company for .£200. The Tamwomh News saysine Railway Works : Messrs. Amos Brothers are rapidly pushing ahead the erection of the iron portion of the viaduct which spans the Peel River. Two or three weeks ago, they coiniuencfid to suik tlie two large cylinders on the Northern bank of the river; and they are now filling them in with concrete, having taken them down a considerable depth. kesterday afternoon a very painful mishap occurred to a little girl aged seven years, daughter of Mr. D. Goodwin, baker, of Peel-street. It appears that she was sitting on a stool, nursing a baby, who suddenly sprang for ward, and while endeavouring to prevent herself and the child from falling, she caught her foot in the leg of a cliair, which caused her to fall violently to the ground, resulting in a compound fracture of the thigh, about an inch-and-a-half above the knee. Dr. Frean was at once sent for, and he set the fractured limb. The little Bufferer is now progressing as well aa pan. be, expected under his treat nient.^KT EobAt Gair was placed on uis trial for arson, at the Dubbo Circuit, oil the Dth April. The jury, after deliberation of two hours, brought in a verdict of guilty. The usual proclamation having been made, prisoner was asked if he had anything to ssy why sentence of death should not be passed upon him, and lie replied " no thing, your HoDor." His Honor then said ho had been found guilty of the hein ous offence of setting fire to the dwelling house of Rebecca Plumb, and^ he quite agreed with the verdict of the jury. Ho put everything in prisoner's favour be fore the jury, and he had also to put everything advanced against him. Ha then passed sentence of death, and the prisoner was removed. " Will Honeycomb," of the Dubbo Despatch, writes :—His Honor, Judge Bowling, though he has had 110 years co lonial experience, and knows a little of colonial slang, was uon-plussed the other day. A witness deposed that the pri soner said he effected a particular insur ance "on tho slope." Now, hiB Honor I had heard of the Pacific Slope—he had heard of people "sloping" with other ; people's wives, but an " insurance on the j slope" was one of these things he liad never heard of. And his Honor then shook his head, rather mournfully, and said, " The additions that are being made to our slang vocabulary can hardly be kept pace with." And I agree with the Judge. Slang is corrupting gradually but surely the well of pure English unde filed. We find it in the newspapers, in Parliament, in the Pulpit, and, I regret to say, barristers themselves are not above using it. Words which a few years ago were considered slangy and vulgar, are now part and parcel of tlie language, and even are to be found on tho dainty lips of ladies fair. I know no remedy for the evil. When men who sit in the highest places, faro on the richest, and dress in purple and fine linen, patronise slsng, what can be expected from those existing in the lower strata of Society—they will " insure on the slope,'' " go for" the in surance companies, *1 collar the mopusses and sing in a wild itaec&anallan; " You can do without a wile, You cau do without a drink, But you cannot do without the chink, ciimk, clunk \ Mr. Combes had to pause during bis speech on the South Sea difficulties on j Tuesday evening (says the E. News), be cause some one called theSpenker's atten ! tion to the fact that there was not a | quorum present. As soon as the required | score was visible, Mr. Combes referred to | the large number who remained to dis | cuss the Fisheries Bill as compared with those who showed any interest ill the pro tection of tlieir fellow subjects. He very aptly gave a couplet from Hood, slightly altered— oil, that fish should be so dear, Aud flesh and blood so cheap. " Ou her trip home," says the Sydney telegram of a Melbourne daily paper, " the steamer Orient will carry her meat ready killed and preserved by the re frigerating process. The quantity re quired is 50,000 tons, and it is all to be of the primest quality." Why trouble ourselves (says -Egles in tbe At.stkaa asiax) in seeking a market for meat in London when the passengers of en Orient liner can consume in a six weeks voyage 50,000 tons of Australian meat I Some incredulous idiots say that a 5000-ton steamer couldn't carry 50,000. But there were always sceptics. The Australian Mutual Provident So ciety has now (says the E. News) made provisions by which persons who borrow money to be repaid with interest in in stalments may combine with their pay ments a further sum by way of life insur ance. Mr. Black, the society's actuary, has prepared tables containing particulars of the proposed scheme, and which show the advantages to be derived from it. Merriwa, Saturday.—Arthur Nicholls, of Mudgee, was thrown from his horse on Monday last. The horse he was riding reared up and fell backwards, throwing Nicholls heavily on to the road. The horse was killed upon the spot, and Ni chols had his spine and brain hurt so se verely as to cause convulsive fits, which he had at intervals until yesterday, when he expired. An inquest touching his death was held to-day by Mr. S. U. Baily, J.P., when a verdict of accidental death was re corded. The Bordeu Post says:—A fatal ac cident of a melancholy nature occurred on Saturday morning last in the vicinity of the Two-mile crossing of the railway, where a number of employees on the line were encamped. It appears that the wife of a man named Bernard Dogherty left her residence (composed of calico and bark) with her two children, to speak to a neighbour living close by, at about 10 o'clock. The eldest child, a girl of about live years of age, however, returned to the dwelling immediately, and shortly afterwards the place was observed to be on fire, and, upon the arrival of assist ance the poor little girl was struggling with the flames in a state of suffocation, and in the last agonies of death. No thing was saved of the contents of the building, and the spectacle upon the ar rival of the bereaved parents was such as to soften the hardest heart and bring tears to every eyo. It is impossible to account forihe occurrence, but the moat reasonable theory is that the fireplace, which was composed of bark, became ignited, and was not observed by the child until after the ignition of the tent, and too late for es cape in the poor little creature's puzzled condition. The number of electors on the Rolls of the Colony is 192,103, being an increase of 3754 ou last year's returns. 