Igitarftttt* A GRAPE FROM A THORN. BY JAMES PAYNE. (Author afloat Sir Mtuinahtri'\ ffnblishtd by special arrangement with the Author' All rights reserved.] ChaptfbXLT. — A Pabti of Four. To Ella the reticence of Aunt Esther -with respect to Mi. Heyton's character was almost as significant as her revelations ; it was a subject she evidently avoided as being a very distasteful one, and yet when pressed she spoke her mind upon it. She had left him at first to make his own way with her niece, and so long as he had failed in it, would have been well content to keep silence ; but no sooner had he gained her ear and appeared to be gaming her giod opinion, than Aunt Esther had stepped in with her note of warning. Ella did not dispute her relative's wisdom in this, and far less her good intentions; but upon the whole, social lite at the castle, with toer only two companions at daggers drawn, did not promise to be very cheerful, and she almost regretted having -volunteered to come out of*btr jetirement before there was need for it. fcbe looked forward to this daily dinner paity of three, with their services of silver gilt, 'with anything but pleasure, and would have p;ef erred a dinner of herbs on wooden jilat!ers with a little friendly feeling. Her apprehensions on this score, as happens to us in so many cases (which is meant no doubt to be set on the per contra side of our many disappointments), proved to be groundless; for on the -very next day, when she -was about to prepare for dinner, Misa Birt burst in upon her in a state of breathless excite ment with the news that there would not be three that day at dinner, since His High ness himself would join the party. 'Such a thing, my dear, has not oc curred,' she panted, *' since I have been at the cattle.' 44 1 am glad to hear he is coming,' said Ella. ' Now lam so glad to hear you're glad,' continued the old lady. ' I was so afraid tbat it might make you nervous. There is really, however, nothing to be afraid of ; 'you have only to be like yourself,' as he says, ' and you're sure to please.' ' ' Who saye ?' enquired Ella, laying down her pencil (which was now almost always in her fingers when she was not deep in perspective), and staring at her aunt in un f eicned surprise. a Oh, well, perhaps I shouldn't have men tioned it ; but His Highness was talking about you and your singing, and so on, and praising the naturalness of it.' 'It certainly is not artificial,' said Ella, smiling, ' for 1 have had too little teaching ; he must be very easily pleased.' ' By some people, perhaps, my dear, but not generally ; even Mr. Heyton, though he certainly does hie very best, does not always succeed in tbat.' ' I should like to see him at it,' said Ella, smiling. 'At what, my dear?' ' Trying to please His Highness. Mr. Heyton on his best behavior must be an interesting spectacle.' 'He does not interest me,' said Aunt Esther, drily. ' Ko ; that is because you are used to b:m. Dear papa used to say that every body was interesting for five minutes. I am not so clever, and therefore I don't find out people so quickly.' ' It will take you a very long time to find out Mr. Heyton, my dear,' said Aunt Esther, gravely. 'Then the pleasure will last me all the longer,' returned Ella, smiling. ' What a strange girl you are,' said the old lady, musing. 'But 1 am delighted to see you so cheerful.' ' 'S es ; with my father but a week dead,' ?said Ella, bitterly, ' 1 must seem a strange girl indeed to most people — one without a heart, for one thing. There, don't mind me, Aunt Esther ; 1 know what you would say. It is better thus than to let nature take her way; besides, poor folks, as yoa yourself admitted, cannot indulge in the luxury of grief.' ' You have forgotten the best reason of all, Ella; we agreed, you know, that to show a brave face to the world would be the best way. to please those who hive left you alene in it.' ' Thank you, dear Aunt Esther, you are as wise as you are bind. It is indeed well to remember what you have just said. Only, -when you see me talking and laughing you -will recollect that for all that I have not forgotten ? ' ' Ella, Ella, pray do not give wiy,' cried Aunt E6ther, earnestly. '? I don't call you * my dhrling ' for fear it should make you woise, but I feel for you. Oh, yee, for I Jisow whBt it ie.' 'life is very, very hard,' sjbled the feirl. ' Yef, at times it teems too hard. Yet it is not only in heaven that Gjd_jwipos away our tears.' 'It wae only for a moment, Aunt Esther; I am belter now. Has the firat gonggone ?' 'Yee, deary. Let me put some eau de cologne upon your sponge. There, now nobody will know — at least nobody of any consequence.' 'That is a very medeet speech,' said Ella, with a grateful smile. ** Oh, I did not mean myself, my dear; thongh it is quite true I am a person of no consequence. I meant that yoa would not deceive Mr. Bey ton. He has the eyes of a lynx Now, I wouldn't have His Highness know that you had been crying for a good deal.' .«? Why not?' ' Weil, because it would make him so eorry; it ia bis particular wish that you should, be happy at Barton.' 'That is very kind of hint,' said Ella; but she could 'not help thinking that his good wishes were not of the same sort she had been used to at Wallington. Perhaps it was bitterness of spirit that made her refuse to believe in the good feelings of great folks of all kinds, but it seemed to her that she was wanted to be happy for another's sake, and net her own ; that she might make herself more agreeable to him, or be in better voice for singing. Depen dence was new to her, but in time, no doubt, the reflected, ' I shall come to understand things, and to see that sorrow or illness are out of place in one of my position, and put people of real consequence to inconvenience.'* Or, on the other hand, would she never learn this distasteful lesson, but yearn all her life for sympathy and friendship upon equal terms ? There are two ways by which tbe human character may be moulded — one by the gradual means of time and use, and another by a sudden plunge into the fur nace of adversity. In this latter, however, there is some danger (of heart-break) in tbe cooling process. The dinner-table at Barton, always ample for its gueate, had an addition that evening of a peculiar character. At one end there was a piece of elevated table-land, laid for a single person, which placed the others, as it were, below the salt. Here Hi* Highness took his seat with a sort of curved bow to the rest of the company, as though he was just making their acquaintance, though, as a matter of fact, he had seen two-thirds of them a dozen times in the day. Eila, as it happened, he had not seen, and ht at once addressed to ber an enquiry after her health. He spoke in a low voice, as though the matter were a secret between them, S3 that her reply, which was somewhat in her usual tone, had almost the air of a breach of confidence. Whether from that imita tion which is said to be the sincereet form of flattery, or from a notion of reverence, it was the fashion at Barton to speak in hushed tones in His Highness's presence, which gave to the remarks indulged in a certain importance that they would other wise, perhaps, have somewhat lacked. Shut out as they were from the external world, the tenants of the castle had, as a rule, no everyday topics to discourse upon, while phi losophy and literature were not encouraged. It was this absence of general conversation perhaps which gave Ella the opportunity of noting certain little facts which other wise might have escaped her observation. One was that their host was helped first, like a prince of the blood, and her aunt and herself afterwards ; another was that though he paid her but little colloquial attention his eyes were as difficult to avoid as Mr. Heyton's had been on the previous day. Their glance was not so intelligent as the secretary's, but it was gentle and kindly, and the eyes were very line eyes. On remarking subsequently on this to Aunt Esther, that lady replied, ' My dear, you may well say that ; such eyes were never seen in man or bird but the eagle and. Prince Charlie.' An observation so un characteristic of the speaker that Ella at once set it down as Ilia Highness s own, though it was so only by adoption; the historical or natural - historical parallel having originally been suggested to Mm by Mr. Bey ton. If His Higbnees's eyes took those eagle flights in her direction the secretary kept bis lynx eyes upon His Highness. Not a look, not a word, not a movement of his august master escaped him. And when the solemn silence became too oppressive even for his mafcter's.mood, Mr. Heyton's musical voice was lifted* up as though a fountain (of oil) had been suddenly set flowing. ' There has been a curious discovery, sir, at Wallington to-day, where some workmen have been excavating.' Bis Highness lifted his brows perhaps a hair's-breadth. If the Secretary had said ' The weather is fine at Wallington,' he could not hare evinced a more profound indifference. ' it was at the Ultramarine, where Miss JoEceiine has been staying.' ' Indeed V observed His Highness, in a tone that seemed to eav. ' Whv did vou not say that at first, blockhead ?' ' Yes ; in a part of the building which I believe is called the Prior's House, is it not r' And the Secretary appealed to Ella with so swift a side glance that his eyes hardly left his patron's face. 'Indeed I have reason to know it,' she replied ; ' It was there a dear littie child in whom I was interested had a serious illrn ss.' ' Miss Josceline has omitted to add, sir, tbat she nursed him through it,' observed the Secretary. 'He must have been a happy boy,' observed His Highness. 'Oh, woman— what are the line?, Heyton ?' The speaker in his turn, though addressing the Secretary, kepi his eyes fixed on his fair neighbor. JUr. Heyton supplied the lines as in duty bound ; he was not only, as his master ad mitted, his right hand, but also his library of reference. ' Well, sir, under the Prior's house has been discovered a skeleton with a long Spsuish cloak, which, however, moulded awey on being exposed to the air.' ' A. Spanish cloak 1' ejaculated Ella with excitement; 'that is most curious. The poor child was terrified by some apparition of that nature ; and indeed I saw it, or thought I saw it, myself.' ' Happy apparition !' ejaculated His Highness. 'Xiiat is to say,' he added with gravity, ' if the vision was reciprocal. Do you really mean that you 6a w a ghost, Mite Josceline ?' ' Indeed, sir, I thought I saw something,' eaid Ella, with difficulty restraining her emotion, tbcugh she felt it so ill- timed. ' But of course one does not believe in ghosts.' ' Well I would not say that,' returned His Highness, ' only at the Ultramarine one would scarcely have supposed any one of euflicient importance, thojgh to be sure them have been Priors of noble lineage. You see it is only the oldest families who have ghosts.' The positiveneBS and gravity with which he enunciated this amazing theory would under any other circumstances have tickled Ella's sense of humor ; but as it was, she only bowed her head, which, though she did not know it, was the wisest thing she could have done. Respectful submission was a thing His Highness greatly preferred to argument, or even conviction. 'It has always struck me as remark ble.' pursued tbe Secretary, with a solem nity that would have excited suspicion in any breast save that of his patron, '? that in the House of Stuart there is no well authenticated record of a spiritual visita tion. One would have thought that, with Euch a history, and distinguished by such melancholy events — Mary Queen of Sjots and Charles I., for example — (for an instant his eyes met Ella's with such an expression of drollery that if he had added ' both with their heads under their arms,' it would only have seemed what might have been ex pected)— there would have been ghosts.' His Highness shook his head as if in doubt upon this point. Upon the whole he seemed to feel it might be a distinction in the case of the very highest family not to be haunted. ' It is curious,' continued the Secretary, 'and adds a great weight of testimony to the incident, that Miss Joceline's little companion should have seen the figure in question. Children always have a greater insight into the spiritual world than grown people.' ??Or rather,' put in Miss Birt, irritated as usual by the Secretary's veiled ridicule of their common patron, and especially at the annoyance, or even alarm, which the topic was evidently causing her niece, 'should we not simply say that children are more easily frightened than grown persona.' ''That scarcely goes to the root of the matter, madam,' returned the secretary; ' or, indeed, if it means anything, would suggest that there were no euch things as ghosts at all, which is contrary to the views His Highness has been so good as to express to us. 1 have myself known an instance of a child, cot indeed a ghost-seer, but who wit's the undoubted instrument of spiritual ag'txey.' His glance, like a casting-net, took in both Ella and his patron as it en quired whether he should proceed. His H?ghneE8 nodded, carelessly enough; but Ella, interested because of Davey'a strauze espeiience, and eager for light upon it, mar mured, ?' Pray tell us.' ' A lady of my acquaintance had three children, the youngest of whom was a srirl of eix. She was of a melancholy, though by no means of a morose disposition, and very thoughtful for her years. Her air and manner also were what we call in a child ' old-fashioned,' but otherwise there was nothing to distinguish her from other chil dren. One morning, while sitting by hex mother's side with her doll in her arms, she suddenly observed, ' Mamma, I should like to put my doll in mourning.' ''3 hat is a strange idea, Kitty, but I will ask Jane to get you some black .calico at the shop.' And she did so. Kitty was her mother's favorite child, either because fhe was the youngest and must delicate, or btcause her reticence and quiet ways did not recommei d her to other people, who preferred ber sisters Georgie and Nellie. She generally got what she asked for. A few days after this poor Georjrie got a sore throat, wLich turned out to be diphtheria, and wa6 dead in a few days. Her parents weie inconsolable, and their loss made them doubly anxious for those that remained to them, especially Kitty, who showed pre monitory symptoms of consumption, and for whose take the family removed to the eefiside, where, however, she gathered little strength. Six months afterwards she re marked in her quiet way that Daily's dress wes getting eadly ihe worse for wear, and that the must have a new suit of mourning. ?'Mourning ? Why mourning, my dear,' replii d her mother. ? How is it you are so fond of dressing it in black ?' ' ' Oh, it must be black,' said Kitty ; 4 mine is not a gay doll, and dislikes going into society.' ' On the first day that Dolly had her new dress tried on a dreadful accident happened. Nellie, running too near the edge of the cliff, fell over i% and was picked up mortally hurt. She never spoke again, and ! died in a few hours. Then all the affection of her parents centred in Kitty. For a time she seemed to mend a little, as if responsive to their lender care ; but after a f e w months she grew worse than ever. As her mother hung over her little bed one morning, she perceived that her doll, from which she seldom parted, and never when she slept, was dressed in a new suit of black. Tke I recollection of the child's last two requests, followed by such sad fatalities, recurred to her with painful force, and Kitty seemed to read it in her eyes. '♦I am very sorry, mamma.' she whispered, ' but I was obliged to do it. I ?was afraid that you wouldn't let Dolly have her new mourLicg, so I got Jane to buy it for her.' ' The next morning Kitty was found lying dead with her dumb favorite clasped in her arms.' '1 really think, Mr. Heyton, that you need not tell us such distressing stories,' observed Miss Birt, with irritation. ' You have quite frightened Miss Josceline.' ' No, indeed,' said Ella, ' It was very foolish of me if I looked frightened.' ' I am sure MLss Josceline is much too sensible,' observed His Highness confi dently, ' to be frightened about a rag doll.' ' Just so — an Aunt Sally, if I may be excused the vulgarism,' put in the secre tary. 'Aunt who?' enquired His Highness sharply. It had suddenly struck him (for gettisg that Mr. Hey tin knew, or should know, nothing about it) that the secretary was making some contemptuous reference to tbe relationship between Ella and Miss Birt. 'Aunt Sally is the amusement of the lower classes on the racecourse, sir,'1 ex plained the secretary. ''Then the lower classes ought to be ashamed of themselves,' was the unex pected rejoinder. 'Her sex aud age should be a protection to her. In the sense that everv soldier is said to be a gentleman. every woman is a lady, and should be treated as euch.' And with another sweep ing iiicliiiation of his head to the company His Highness rose, whereat the company stood up (just as gentlemen rise when ladies leave the room), and remained stand ing till the door of his private apartments had closed behind him. Chapter XLII. — The Commission, It was curious, considering what we know of our heroine, to find her the cham pion of a personage like Mr. Heyton, but so vehement was Miss Birt against the tecretary -when the two ladies were alone toeether that evening, that Ella folt com pelled to say a word or two in his favor, which unfortunately only added fuel to the flame. 41 It was my duty, my dear,' 6aid Mis3 Bin, ' to have told you from the first that Mr. Hejton was a very dangerous man, and 1 neglected it.' 11 But indeed, Aunt Esther,' smiled Ella, 'you have made up for that omission sirce.' ' Wtll, I only hope that it is not too late, my dear — that's all.' And the good lady sighed and shook her head, like a medical man called into a rival's case. 41 Too late ! Wbat do you mean, Aunt Esther ? Mr. Heyton is certainly more interesting than I expected, but that is not caying very much.' ' 1 must say you seemed very much ab sorbed by his conversation, my dear.' To this Ella scarcely knew what to say ; the fact is, she had felt the secretary's con versation to be a considerable relief to the dulness of the dinner party ; bis doll story especially had, perforce, struck her. The supernatural (if well handled; is attractive to all who are not philosophers or very com monplace people ; indeed the narrative in question had excited even Aunt Esther to the extent of curdling her blood, only her dislike of the raconteur was such that she would not have owned to having expe rienced a ray of interest in anything he said for millions. To Ella, however, tbe pre vision of tbe unlucky Kitty seemed to have some association with little Davey. She did not exactly accede to Mr. Heyton's theory, that the young were endowed with spiritual insight ; but what had been found in the excavations at the Prior's house, coupled with the child's experience (and indeed with her own), staggered her not a little. Nay, though she knew euch an idea must originate in her own nervcus and abnormal mental condition, she had a sort of apprehension that in Davey's case, as in Kitty's, the incident might fore shsdow his early death. In that case how detolate would the old man be without his child ! Her pity would have been greater or mere complete had not the thought of him reminded her of her father's misplaced hope. Thence her thoughts wandered once mere to forbidden ground — to the friends she would never sec again (and one of them, alas, so dear, so dear), from which she had to recall them, as it were with a dead lift. It was injudicious, she bitterly reflected, in Aunt tether, had she but known, to attempt to stifle in her any interest, no matter whom or what, which might help to lead her from the contemplation of the past. At tbe same time she was conscious that it was only love and tenderness which sug gested such a course of action. 41 My dear Aunt Esther,' she said, calling up a smile, 'I do assure you Mr. Heyton's conversation does not absorb me. But I do not feel (perhaps as you say, because I do not know him as well as yoa do) an aver* eion to him as a fellow-guest To my mind he shows better in company than in tetea tete. I told you I wanted to see him onhia best behavior.' 'And pretty behavior it was,' put in Aunt Esther. 'Did you not see, not once not twice, but all through his t»Je, how even when pretending to be most humble, he strove to make His Highness ridiculous? How he played upon his weaknesses, and exaggerated them by comment feigned to be sympathetic? How in every way, in short, he strove to represent him in your eyes in an unfavorable light ? ' * ' There was certainly some satire in his speech occasionally,' admitted Ella, ' which considering their mutual positions was un becoming. But it must be allowed that His Highness's ideas are a temptation to persons given to cynicism.' ' There you see,' cried her companion, bitteily, ' he has effected hid object. You are already beginning to regard. His High ness through Mr. Heyton'fi spectacles.' ?'Which are certainly not rose-colored,' added Ella, laughing. ' No, th«y are not. I could tell you what c- lor toey are if it weie worth while.' Here the stopped, trembling and greatly agitated. ' My dear aunt,' said Ella gravely, 'pray believe that nothing Mr. Heyt«n may say will ever make me ungrateful to the master of this house.' ' That is spoken like yourself, dear, and the longer you live here tbe more reason jou wiil have to epeak aud think w-s!i of him ; that is, I think so — 1 believe so,' she added hastily. ' Even now ? but ns matter. 1 do not wish to be his partisan ; you will judge for yourself.' Aunt Esther's doubts were even a greater puzzle to Ella than her convictions. That she disliked the Sacratary very heartily W8S to be accounted for by his ovn conduct to her, 8S well as his feelings towards their common patron ; but her ' I think so — I believe to,' when speaking of His Highness, ?was the first sign of confidence she had given in that quarter. She seamed to per ceive the impression she had thus given, for she continued, with great earnestness, ' My dear, you are very joung, and I am not the wiieti of adviser* ; it is possible you may know more of the world than I, who have lived so little in it. Let us say no more about it, but leave matters in higher hands.' And with that she wished her niece I ' Good night,'' and left her to her books a3 usual. That night, however, she read but little ; her mind beirg f uif of meditations. Why was it that her aunt was so solicitous for her eske tither about Mr. Heyton or his mas ter, and what were the hopes ot fears she evidently entertained concerning her Y In tbe morning came a letter which dis pelled for the time all her speculations, and rilled her young heart with unutterable joy — an expression, it must be acknowledged, generally reserved for satisfaction derived from the tender passion, but which is nevertheless applicable to certain excep tional cases of another kind. The commu nication was of a very prosaic character, but it thrilled her being with ecstasy, for it convinced her for the tirst time that she possessed ambition. The ' dream that comes through the multitude of business' had here its converse, for out of thia one business epistle there grew a hundred dreams : — 'Dear Madam. — We beg to acknowledge your favor of jcsieidsy. We arc glad yoa are willing to foiniab ub with illostratioua for the Keepsake In tbe meantime, however, perDhpa you would cot object to occupy your peDcil upon a. mote private matter. We are aoout to publish an nonj moos book of ballads from English history (by a Mr. Fcrtesone), and i; strikes ui tbat yoa might like to illustrate it. The pictures woald botwi lve in nnoibex aud about tbe same size as tbat with whioh jou bare already favored us, and we are prepared to pay the eacne prioe for them (two guineas each;. If drawn upon the wood, we oon'd make yoa a better offer, bat without instruction it is improbable yoa coald tuccetd in tbis. We have communicated, bo v - ever, with Mr. Bardmore, and ce bag forwarded a few blocks aa requested. As the publication of tbe ballads is pressing, we would request you to confine yonrtelf for the present to that matter. We have sent tbe proof -sheets by tbis pott.— We have the honor to remain, dear madam, voots faitbf ally, Patke add Son.' Here was wealth, if not beyond the dreams of avarice, far beyond Ella's most modest aspirations. Twenty- live pounds for twelve little drawings, and even still greater payment if ehe should overcome the difficulties of drawing on wood. Let rich men smile, whose money breeds while he sleeps or idles ; or the popular lawyer, who for one glance of his eye on a client's brief (or for the mere promise unfulfilled of it) makes twice the sum that seemed to Ella a rich guerdon. She could bear tuair contempt with a light heart, and was happier than either in her ignorant sim plicity. Work and wage, the two great blesuugs of life under its modern condi tions, were now assured to her. She opened the proof-sheets with eager hands, yet with enforced deliberation; she felt that impatience would be unbecoming in the commencement of a work so important, aud the exhibition of it a proof of her incapacity, tihe was curious, of course, to read the poems which it was her task to illustrate, but there must be no undue haste. Moreover she had made up her mind not to be disappointed it they wure dencient in merit ; the more prosaic they were the less they would suggest, and the harder they would consequently be to embody ; but that was the worst of it. Their very deficien cies might in the end turn out to her ad vantage, since they would teach her to rely on her own resources. If Messrs. Pater and Son could have got an insight into their young client's mind, they would have seen leason to congratulate themselves. No commission from Royalty itself ever gave to artist a more keen resolve to do her best than filled Ella's being. The idea of 'scamping' her work — which grows, alas, -with our success in so many of us, &Ld; in all departments of human labor, even the highest — had no existence for her : she would as soon have thought of scamp ing her prayers. Success she hoped for, but of deserving success, so far as pains and diligence might deserve it, she felt sure. Happy, happy Ella ! The ballads were twelve in number, and took for their subjects the stock events, which are also the most picturesque, of English history. Alfred and the JJanes ; the proxy wooing of Ethel wold : Elfrida'e stirrup-cup ; and eo on, down to the field of Chalgrave. The poems, though falling short of genius, struck her aa being strong and vigorous. If the theme did not abso lutely inspire, its stateliness never oppressed the author, so as to reduce him to platitude and the common-place. The metre was for the most part monotonous, as is usual with ballads ; but in some cases it waa broken by tbe introduction of a eoug or two far superior to the general strain. The chief diiliculty in Ella's way, aud one which would have dismayed a less enthusiastic ?worker, was the necessity of portraying her characters in tbe dress of their period ; but in her case, since it involvedstudv. this onlv iu ad e the tat-k more welcome. 3he had noticed some works on mediaeval costume in the bookcase that would give her the re quired data, which was a more fortunate circumstance than perhaps she imagined; for diligence and correctness, though very well in their way, do not command every thing, aud among other matters with which they fail to supply their possessor ib, for example, an accurate idea of the headgear worn by Guthrum. At midday came the wood blocks, very neat and even, and as simple to look at as a child's puzzle. But by that time poor Eila was already in difficulties ; her self-denial had not been strong enough to prevent her trying a sketch of the minstrel king ia the Danish camp, and it reminded her of nothing so much as Mrs. Jarley's waxworks. Guthrum's disposition was, as we all know, a resolute one, and anything more charac teristic in the way of stiffness she confessed to herself it was impossible to imagine than her representation of him. She had an impression, too, notwithstanding her studies in perspective, that considering he was not in the foreground, he was about four feet toohigh. Alfred'eharp, too, though intended to be an imposing instrument, was, she felt, one of too great size and weight for a musician to carry about with him without the assistance of a wheeled conveyance. Ella's spirit, however, was indomitable. 'After all, she reflected, there were the wood ?blocks in which any mistake in th« paper drawing might be rectified ; nor could «he resist the temptation of transferring her picture to one of them ' with alterations and improvements,' in order to try the effect. Then she sat down and began to cry. Some people say that as soon as you begin to tackle a diiliculty it disappears, but their genius must be great or their experience exceptionally limited. For the moment it seemed to poor Ella that after all ehe had mistaken her profession, and had better 6tick to tennet-making, for which, ss we know, she had a very pretty turn. What disheartened her most was the comparison between her own work and the pictures in the book of costumes, whiiA, theugh necessarily of a formal kind, as it happened were admirably executed. It is always thus, even to those of us who suc ceed, when we are young. Oar verses arc so halting, our pictures are so feeble, our stories are 60 pointless, beside those of acknowledged merit. Then, as we grow in power and reach the same elevation, the light that we saw about them from afar has somehow failed ; we stand on the very spot where they stood, or even higher, but the glow has departed which it was our ambi tion to share with them. Our ears once so greedy of praise are dull of hearing, and we discover — though, alas! without sur prise, for we have long expected it — that success is less sweet than endeavor. ' WelL my dear-, all I can eay is,' said Aunt Esther, who looked in at this crisis, ' tbat I call your Alfred beautiful. I used to play on the harp myself, and must be al lowed to know something about it ; only mine bad treadles.' ' And this yeu would say is moie like a Jew's harp,' said Ella bitterly. ' Not at all, my dear. A Jew's harp is quite different, and can never be mistaken for it, being played with the teeth. Believe me, all you want is good teaching.' ' Dear Aunt Esther,' answered Ella de spairingly, 'you might just as well say, ' All you want is a million of money.'' ' ISay, my dear, you should not talk like that,' said the old lady gently. 'Some- times things drop from the skies — which means from heaven — when one least expects it.' ' Do they r' said Ella wearily. 'It'es, quite as often as they come the other way — that is, I mean misfortunes,' explained Aunt Esther with precipitation. '? Now, you would 4not think there was the ?very person of all others whom you most wished to see at this very moment under this roof.' The very person she most wished to see ! The color' rushed to Ella's face, and her eyes stared enquiringly at her companion. Was it possible that Mr. Vernon was at Barton Castle, and, if bo, on what errand ? ' Yes, the million of money has come — that is, a tutor.' Ella's countenance fell. For our satis faction at events is not a fixed q uantity, but varies with our expectations. ' But who can have sent for a tutor for nef' 'The kindest of men — His Highness himself. Nay, do not look as if you could never accept such a weight of obligation, lie foreeaw your scruples, if I am not mistaken, and has provided against them. The gentleman comes nominally to ? That's his knock at the door. There, I thought you would be pleased.' Ella had started up with a little cry of joy, and was holding out both her hands in'welcome to the new comer. It was Mr. Felspar. {To be continued.) 