A man will work all the harder becane ho hopi~s to matry. Marriage .does not to hin 'mean giving up work. But, iinle'sin peculiar circumstances, aR woman cannot really set herself to work (in the sensj'ii which any one would use:the'irord wvhen'spehkirinof man) til.that anticipation is laid aside. 'It would ,,e like a man studying medicine till he could nake, up his mind whether heowould devote his life, to painting. :To set oneself to one kind of work with energetic resolution,'ex. ecting in a year ortwo to be drawn off to som!ethiig' quite different, for which itis a ' pIeparition only so far as hard' work.is a pre parttioni for aniy pursuit :' that is not "im possible, perhaps, buht very few persons have the self.control, whether they 'am men or women.-Spectator. : '; ?" " " IVATCHMAKIXG rIo A.r\RIC. -The watch trade is another mar'el of rapid devielopment, dating* back for a few years only'since its commencement. It .was but in .1850. when t~o', Boston artisans, Allan. Denison and Edwaid, Howard by. name, first opened a. ?malF 'workshop for watching??a , !o,?ury p ihut, finding the place not sffifintljdgsieb for' their wishes, they ciarei'd,th'lei 'ldlity to Waltham, a little fowFli tioubt'ledve?i? iles from' Boston, and here theyestablish'ed them selves on the banks of the Charles'River. 'Al though they demonstrated !the 'feasbility of mnaking watches by machinery, theyfailed is a pecuniary sense, not having?atarted cwith suificient capital, and the concernthen passed into', the hands of Mr.;Robbins, who founded ii .183S, t.he now celebr?iteil American aYitch Cobmpany.- Considerably?meoirdthan a miilllon 'bf a .tcbes have is?ued fr6ic atids fadctoryf iom then till iibow and altlhough tlihey sv?'"e? .i nally'ihntended ,and expected to " tply: the home trade only, their cheapna;ssn 'excel lence have cansed 'a denitiva;for thuii in foreign, countries, -Englitartýnot exceplted. Over Sr"t operatives a;e. employed by -this comp. .y, working elOren hours per day (ex. cep .Satunlays, who'. I the limit is nine hours), tilibmen earning udailyfrod m 7s. Ld. to 11e., and the women. rom i8 to 6s. SLoan .ElesmrE's Gost' Stoeiy-It is wsell knoirn that Lord Erskiniei hid experi enceed what he'considered its a ghostly visita tion. The circumstances, as related b lim self, will be found in'Lady MIorgan's "Book of-the Boudoir.' :-" When I was a -eory young man, IT had been for some time absent from Scotland. On the morning of my ar rival in- Edinb?rgh;:uasI'was-descending the steps of a close, or coming out from a book sellers -shop,. I met'-ur old .family butler. He iobked grettly changed, pale, wan, and shadowy as a ghost. ' r Eh, old'boy;"-I said, w dvhat brings yeaou: here ?"' He replied; ' To meet yourchonor, and. to:solicityour.inter. fereicew with my lord, to recover a- sum due tdino: whichbthe'steward; at the last settle eAt day, didh't'pay4 Struck by, hlis looks and-manner, I "o.dehim followr. t?d0"the. lwokmdllers, into whoseshdp'f stepped b?ick p but when I tuirned to speak to hiih hehad: vanished. I remembered thathis wife carried. on somelittle trade in the Old I'oT n.- I re membered even the house and fiat she'occu pied.. which I had- often visited in:my boy hood. I Having made it out, I found the old woinanin widow's mourning. Her.husband had been dead for some months, and had told her on his death bed thai my father's steward had wronged him of: some money, but. that wheh!Miister Tom?rethrnid he would seE her righted 't'his Iprainisdd to do, and shortly after I fulfilled my promise. The inpredssion was indelible." Lord' Erskine, son of the Scottish Earl of Blchan. was born in 1750, and entered the navy as- midshipman at the age of fourteen. At eighteen he transferred his services to the army, and at twenty.seven settled in the study of the law--the profes. sion in. which he acquired such eminence He became Lord Chancellor in the Whig- , Minist?y. Be died in 1823. A falliand - most interesting account of him will befunnd' in Lord Campbell's "Lives of the 'ha lore." c " 