. APMdAbHitfa, tMba ! SALESi in n ^ Wednesday) lltli January,-^ 10 country lots, comity Wentwot-th, on Taped West run. Wagga Wagga, Wednesday, 11th January j —6 country lots, counties Bourke, WynyardJ Clarendon, and Mitchell, on Murrulobale, Aliuio'sa YVest. O'Brien's O rni'lc .1 iim r-o nml Berry Jerry iuns. Narrandera , Wednesday, 11th January — 100 acres, lapsed conditional purchase of Fruncis Geo. Gforml e.y. Hay, Wednesday, 11th January — lSconn- try lots, counties Townsend and Boyd, on Dry Plains and Singorambah runs. A man named Alexander died at Boleroo South Australia from English cholera on Saturday. The he has been a change for tho worse in the condition of Mr Kermot, M.L.A., and his medical advisers aro rather anxious, owing to the dangerous symptoms which havo boon manifested. A Pakis manufacturer claims to have dis covered a process for substituting tho leaves of the eucalyptus tree, which in burning emit a delicious perfume, for tobacco loaves in making cigars. A woman named Rose Clinch got out of a train while in motion on Friday night, ut Burwnod, and sho loll and had her leg almost, cut off by the train. Sho died on Saturday morning. Tfik Rev. S. Rol'inson, A.B., intimated on Sunday last, at Wentworth that lie intended to present himself for admission to tho office' of priost at tho forthcoming ordination of tho Bishop of Goulburn. A certain man, a stranger (says the Portland Guardian) arrived in Hotspur the other day, and wont out snipe shooting. Ho cumo home with a bag full of laughing jack asses, and not only the object of lidicnle, but general execration on the part of residents of that venerable township. A chuEL practical joke is reported to have been played upon a youth who recently visi ted some friends at Wagga Wagga. He was taken out opossum shooting by some of his young friends, who had previously arranged that one of their number should climb a Jtree, and personate a ghost by covering himself with a sheet. Suddenly tho alarm was given, and the conspirators decamped, in feigned- alarm, but, soon re covering their courage, they persuaded their young guest to fire at the ghost, having pre viously taken the precaution tj Bee that his gun was only loaded with powder.- The ghost dccending from the tree approached the patty, and 60 terrified tho lad that he became insensible, and it was fully six weeks before ho regained his usual health. An Antidote to Snake Poison.— From a note to the Paris Academy, it appears that M. de Laeerda has discovered a fact of con siderable scientific and practical importance ? viz, that permanganate of potash countaiacts very effectively the poison of serpents. In a firstseries of experiments a water solution of the poison was injected into tho cellular tissuo of dogs, under the legs; and its usual effects were large swellings, with abscesses, loss of. substance, and destruction of tissues. But when an equal quantity of filtered (1 per cent) solution of permanganate of potash was injected one or two minutes after tho poison, those local iujuries were qnite ob viated; there was merely a slight swelling whore syringe had entered. Next introduc tion into tho veins was tried, and tho perma ganate again succeeded admirably . In only j two cases out of more than 30 was there failure, and this was attributed to the animals being very young and weak and badly fed ; I also to the antidote being givon at too long an | interval after the poison, when the heart was already tending to stop. In one serins of cases the permanganate solution was intro duced ihalf a minute after a solution of venom, and the animal showed no derange ment beyond a very transient agitation aiid acceleration of the heart for a . few minutes. In another series tho characteristic troubles caused by the poison was allowed to mauifost themselves (dilation of the pupil, quick breathing and heart action, contractions, &c;) before the; antidote was given. In two or three minutes, sometimes five, tho trouble Hi*. appeared; a slight general prostration followed for fifteen to twenty-five minutes, after which the animal would walk, and even run about and resume its normal aspect. Other dogs poisoned similarly, but not receiving the an tidote died more or less quickly. The surroundings of the Pyrmont land resumption compensation claims are unplea santly suggestive (says the Yass Courier) of tho dodgery, connivance, and fraud which were the factors of Tammany ring transac tians. Moreover, coming as they do so closely after the Milburn Creek scandal, these claims help to , fix the belief which that scandal de veloped in men's minds, that there is a rotten element in the composition of the Adminis tration. It is ridiculous. to. expect men of tho world to suppose for a minute that there was no connivance between tho Works De partment and the two ex-Cabinet Ministers, Lucas and Garrett, Mr G-arrett's explana ? tion of his share in this portentous 'trouble' iB extremely unsatisfactory There is about it, as it were, an air of complacent bdastfulness at not having committed a fraud inrougn sailing as closo as possible to tho line which separates right from wrong. It takes its stand upon the bare letter of the law, quite careless of either equity or that high-toned morality whicli should be the guiding principle of a politician who a.ms to boa statesman. That which may simply bo' defined as selfish smartness in a private indi vidual deserves to bo branded as 'iscariot- ism' when perpetrated Dy an ' honourable member of a representative assembly. ' Is oariotism' has boon described as ' a pretended zeal for the welfare nf nt.lmro ti,„ pose of basely promoting one's own' ; and (as has been well said) 'its* prevalence is a reflection upon the constitution or administra tion of any Government, because it cannot exist but whero there is weakness and cor ruption.,, Its real, character is gross selfish ness ; itsi assumed disinterested zeal, its means of succeeding falsehood and impudence.' As to the impudenoe of the Pyrmont claims, there can be no doubt. As to thoir falsehood — well, we must await further evidence ere pronouncing a definite opinion. Mr Wisdom did not mince matters when bo denounced them 08 exorbitant, as ' swindling olaims,' which would hot be recognised before a court, of law. Mr Alexander Stuart, a shrewd business man with a high reputation for in tegrity, .endorsed tho views of the Attornoy ? General in these words (we quote tho S. M Herald'.—. ( ' °lf 'li', he. vfas glad to hear the ei ceodingly, strong terms in.wbiok they , wore oharao tpruied by the Attqrnoy'General, No language in fatktyHtMtai iioltld ItJd. slwiljj. J)W tl nlildl Mil,-, b ycurp loasd of land ttt ijlld oyoul', Without uny 'btiildl ing or otHer improvement Upon tlio land, tho sUm ol .1107,000 was claimed. Suuli a claim must either havo been a monstrous swindle, or tho man who let I lie land for LllO n year urns!, linvo boon a mons trous IojI, and tho latter supposition coulil hardly lie supported. £7ti,0UI), if invested in Government debenture*,, would £3'-UO n vear— not for ninetv nine years only, bill, lor ever. Tim thing was almost Inimitable. T'iiim'i! another L-asi' f.r ulovu , years, witii t,\d .ve-u's aliv.til / npi, a n-iit.i] of Ujijo a year being. [(aid un.L-i- l.iiai, l,-,nu. No doubt there li'id been an adraneo in tlie value of property j bui taking iliat advance ut. il.s uxt.remost linul, itollun^r UKu iliisuilvnuccineia i.-uiilil be found. .1 nine yours? Ie.i90 in. £200 u year wa, valued ut £.15,000. One would think (hat the wuole tiling was a farce, and not uii attempt to advanee a bona fide claim. Ac cording to that claimant, the valno of that nine years lease at. £200 a year would be an income of J31500 a ycur in perpetuity. It w.s paving tlie ground with gold.' 