It is more than a quarter of a century since a revision of tho authorised version of tho Old and New Testament scrip tures first began to bo seriously dis cussed, namely, in February, 1850. Tho subiect was then alluded to both in con- vocation and in Parliament, but nothing was really done until May, 1870, when two executive committees were formed to enter on the task, one to talco charge of tho Old Testament, and the other of tho New. The New Testamont committee hold its first meeting in Westminster on tho 22ud of Juno, 1870, under the pre sidency of the Bishop of Gloucester and Worcester ; and the revised version of the Now Testament was issued frmn the presses of the two great English universities of Oxford and Cambridge on the 17th of May, 1881. Some months will probably olapso before tho revised version of the Old Testament is issued, and tho rovised version of the Now Testamont is therefore, all that is in tho hands of the,: ' 'ic at present, with the report of tho Bis.iop of Gloucester and Worcester, the president of tho com mittee, to the convocation of Canterbury upon it. Yet there are strong symptoms of tho lattor being subjected to much advorso criticism, without wait- in" for the oppcaranco of the former. Many ablo nild jearnedmcn n were first' instanco, that no revision of the authorised version of either the Old or New Tostament scriptures was needed, and are probably still of the same opinion. Such was not tho case, however, with a large body of the greatest biblical scholars of the age, who saw many inaccuracies in the authorised version of both Testaments which they wished to see corrected ; and they had large numbers of tho clergy and" laity of the different religious de nominations at their back. Nor can any one who first reads the Bishop of Glou cester and Worcester's report on the re vised version of tho New Testament, with the preface to it by the com mittee, and next tho revised version itself carefully, fail to see that the Now Tostament revision committee havo made out a strong case for what tliey have done, or refuso to acknowledge that they liavo executed their task with rare ability, nnd with great credit to themselves. Tliey set out with great clearness in their preface to tho revised version of the New Testament the rule3 tliey laid down for their guidance upon entering on this great undertaking, and when ever they found themselves under tho necessity of departing from any of these rules, even in the slightest degree, the most satisfactory reasons for this are given. In the first and second of these rules they undertook : — " 1. To intro- " duce as few alterations as possible in "the text of the ' authorised version "consistently with faithfulness;" and "2. To limit, as far as possible, the ex- "pression of such alterations to the " language of the authorised and earlier "English versions." On looking closely at theso rules some may be inclined to think that tho revision committee have stretched the first rule to its utmost bounds by intro ducing so many alterations and changes in the text of tho authorised version, amounting, according to the Bishop of Gloucester and Worcester's report, to "between eight and nine in every "five verses in the gospels, somc- " where about one and a half or threo " in every ten verses being for critical " changes, and about fifteen for every five " versos in tho epistles, one and a half " as before being due to critical changes." Others, again, may be inclined to think that tho revision committee havo de parted from the second of their rules, in not having limited themselves more in tho alterations they have made, " to the " language of the authorised and earlier " English versions," but in having, on the contrary, adopted a less flowing and rhythmical stylo than is to be found in any of those versions. But both these objections, should they be raised, havo been answered, in tho preface to tho ro vised version, by anticipation — tho first by tho committee having shown that not a single alteration has been made which tliey could have avoided " con- " sistently with faithfulness to tho ori- " ginal f and the second, by pleading that they have removed no words from the authorised or earlier English ver sions except where the mode of expres sion led to some misconception of the true sense of the passago ; and that whenever they have had tosubstituteotlierwords for those formerly used, they have always sought to assimilate the new to the old by choosing words from standard writers of tlie-samo date. Their primary duty, they maintain, irrespective of any general rules they laid down for their guidance in the first instance, was to give in good plain Eugjish the sense of every word tliey fpund in the jjriginal Greek, whethor they found that to bo tho care in tho authorised and earlier English versions or not ; and whenever they found that not to bo tho caso, thoy took the responsibility of tho alteration on themselves. In no other way could they, in fact, havo oxecutod tlieir task with satisfaction to themselves or others. . Nothing can bo clearer, wo think, to , any ono who takes up tho rovised ver- j sion and reads it parefully, than tho sense of responsibility under which the - revision committee must haver folt them selves placed when making such altera tions as those. They have removed the familiar interpretation in 1 John, v., i-o, relating to tho heavenly and earthly witnesses, so long known to bo spurious. That they havo done without saying n word in reference to it. They have placed tho story of the woman taken in adultery, recorded in John's Gospel, vii., 511, and viii., 1-11, in square brackets. That tliey have done with an intimation in the margin that most of tho ancient authorities omit it, and that those in which it is retained vary .much from each other. Tliey have omitted tho doxology to the T.ord's Prayer, as given in tho 6th of Matthow, and tho word "our" beforo "Father" in this prayer, as given in the lltli of Luko, and havo substituted in both, " bring us not into temptation " for " lead us not into temptation," nnd " deliver us f com the Evil Ono," for " deliver i " from evil," not to mention ono or two minor alterations. That they must havo done with a full knowledgo that they were raising a question as to the personality of the "Evil Ono," which is now very much disputed, and that this alteration in the form in which the prayers of Englishmen hnvo been pre sented for so many generations would bo sure to croate an unploasant feeling in the minds of many. They have also mado many other alterations in familiar passages, which show the deep senso of responsibility undor which tliey labored, and how greatly alivo they must havo been to it as thoy proceeded with their labors. These alterations aro more frequent in tho epistles than in the gospels, and in the lattor they touch in many cases on disputed doctrinal points, such as the substitution of " roconcilia- " tion'" for " atonement" in Romans, and " predestined " for " predestinated " in Romans and Ephesians, with some others of a like nature. Many persons, not much, if at all, versed in biblical literature will, no doubt, content themselvos still with the authorised version of the Now Testa ment, and may even look upon the revisod version with doubt and suspicion. Some may even ask, as has, indeed, already been asked, what was the use of altering " Ghost " into " spirit," " Hell " lire " into the " Hell of fire or " Lord, is it I," into " Is it I, Lord," in the gospels ; or of altering " Bo ye, " therefore, followers of God," into " bo " ye, therefore, imitators of God," ond " through tho obedience of one shall " many bo made righteous," into " through 'tho obodionco of tho one " shall the many be made righteous," in the epistles 1 No doubt the ready an swer to all such questions as these is that, apart from the scholarly uses to which theso alterations may be put, it is of very great importance for all who road the Now Testamont as an inspired book to be assured, on tho authorityof thebestscholarshipof tlieage, that what they read is a correct trans cript of the original Greek iivtho ling- can be made so. But a more satisfac tory answer, perhaps, is — 1, that, in connection with theso minor alterations it is an advantage to know that such readings in the authorised version as were known to be false are not inserted in tho revised version ; and 2, that whenever two readings were considered to bo of nearly equal authority, that which was thought to have the strongest proofs of its genuineness and authenticity is placed in tho text of tho revised version, and tho other in the margin, with or without a r.oto upon it. Yet it will be a sourco of satisfaction to many to learn that no attempt is to be made to force the revised version on tho churches until it is seen whethor they approve of the alterations or not, and if they do, until steps can be taken to give authority for its qmblic use. If this wise precaution, which was intimated by the Bishop of London in convocation, had not been taken, a spirit of hostility might havo been evoked against it, and that "pro-eminence" of place for it amongst all other English versions, which the Bishop of Gloucester and Worcester desired for it, might be long delayed. With much kindness nf manner, when addressing tho convoca tion on tho 17th of May, the Bishop of London suggested " that a great deal of " patient study should precede any nt- " tempt at criticism of the proposed " alterations ; and that young clergy- " men especially, who had little know- " ledge of tho original, should bo caro- " ful not too readily to express an " opinion as to the superiority of the " one version over the other." That is good advice, and it admits of a wider application than tho Bishop of London then gave to it. Too hasty an opinion on this subject might do harm, and can do no good. 