TURF GOBBIP. By Augob. I beg to call the attention of all thoke intending to be present at the meeting of the GeeloDg Racing Club, to he held on Friday and Saturday neit. to an advertisement in another column, Bhowing the railway arrangements made for their convenience. Two trains are to leave Mel bourne each day at 9.35 a.m. and 10.45 a.m., at excursion faree, leaving the conrae at 5.30 p.m., return tickets being available np till the following Monday night. His Excel lency the Governor has accepted the invita tion of the stewards to be present, and the Marchioness of Normanby, with the Earl and Countess of Ellesinere, will accompany His Excellency. Our autumn Beason will this year be more lively than ever, for, in addition to the splendid programme put forth b? the V.R.C., we will nave the four dayB' meeting of the A.J.C., the best of all race gatherings held during the fall of the year; and previous to this our HawkeBbnry friends will have a couple of days' sport on the pretty little coarse of the H.R.C. The chief item in the bill of fare will be the Hawkesbury Autumn Handicap, of 10 sovs. each, with 300sovs. added, 75 per cent, to go to the winner, 15 to the second, and 10 per cent, to the third. The distance iB one. mile and a half, and nominations close at Mr. Bagot's office, Mel bourne, or Mr. Guest's office, Richmond, at 4 E.m, on Tuesday, the 1st of February. 1 ope to see a number of Victorian owners entering the liBte. The Maiden Plate closes on the general entry day, and Victorians will bear in mind tbat horses that have not won can now be entered. By the bye, I notice that the intercolonial eight-oared race is fixed for Saturday, the 9tb, which is the second day of the H.R.C. meeting. As Friday intervenes between the first and second days of the H.R.C. meeting, the rowing authorities might alter it to that date, so that the numerous Victorians that will be present at Sydney may have an opportunity of witnessing the aquatic contest. While on the above subject, it may not be out of place to mention that the Sydney Cup closes on Tuesday, the 1st of February. As usual, it iB a two miles race, and the club contributes 500 sovs., a sum which will no doubt attract a large number of Victorian entries. South Australia seems determined that she shall not be behindhand, for the Adelaide Racing Clnb will give " a monkey" to the winner of the Birthday Cup, and the South Australian Jockey Club contributes 300 sovs. to the Adelaide Cup, and Sir Thomas Elder will again present a gold trophy value 100 sovs. The Goodwood Handicap of a mile is likely to prove a prominent feature in the programme, and as the added money is 150 sovs., I expect to see a big entry for thiB par ticular event. Nominations close on Monday, the 7th February,and for the Queen's Birthday Cup on the following day. Entries for the Victoria Amateur Tarf Clnb Meeting close at Mr. Fenner's office, Bonrke street, at 4 p.m. on Monday next. Now that the two-year-old race has been altered to a handicap, the programme is a very present able one, the first item being a Handicap Hurdle Race of 50 sovs. .followed by theNursery Handicap of 50 sovs. Then follows the Steeplec lase of 75 sovs. The Midsummer Handicap of 125 sovb,, one mile and a half, ought to attract a good entry, and the Selling Stakes of 50 sovs. will probably attract some attention from owners of moderate animala " A Colonial," in last week's Australasian, writes as if he were satisfied that Sussex is as brilliant a horse as Robert the Devil or Prince Charlie. I am not surprised at Anthony Trollope pronouncing us a nation of "blowers." Sussex was undoubtedly the njost brilliant hurdleracer we ever had—a great horse in his particular line, but to be placed in the same category as such horses as First King, Grand Flaneur, Robert the Devil, and Prince Charlie is juBt drawing the bow too strongly. As a flat • racer he is not in the Bame street, though at his own game he has no equal in Australia, and might prove hard to beat in England. A first glance at the weights for the Hobart Cup would lead one to think that most of the Victorian horses engaged were handicapped rather heavily, but the Tasmanian horses are so far below mediocrity that it was impossible to bring them together unless a high scale was adopted with the Victorian horses en gaged. Wellington, at lOst. 71b. in such com pany, is much better in than at 9st, 71b. in the Geelong Cup, where he will have to meet horses of his own class more leniently handi capped than he is, while a large majority of the Tasmanian horses are bo moderate that no reasonable weight would bring them together. In handicapping great performers like Sava naka and Avernus Mr. Barnard has shown a disposition to reduce their weights. Why the former should receive Buch a concession I am at a loss to understand, but Boaworth, who has been on the shelf for a couple of years—with the exception . of two appear ances, when he was badly beaten—receives no consideration. Now I contend that Mr. Jellettis just as much entitled to some Might reduction in the weight of Boswotfh as Mr. W. Long, the owner of Savanaka (whoever he may be), and others have been when their horses have been defeated.' I'm quite aw&re; that certain parties pronounced Bos worth the beet horse that was at St Albans; but this was not done until he was sold to Jellett, and the result was that Savanaka was thrown into the Australian Cup in a most haphazard manner, and Boaworth was given the same weight, so that the three year old had not the ghost of a show with the leniently-treated grey, whose easy victory in the Sydney Cup stamped him as almost, if not quite, the equal of Chester; but Mr. : Barnard evidently (foes not think so, other-I wise be would never place Wellington j above him in the Geelong Cup. This by the wan and now to return to the Hobart Cup. Woodlands, at 9st 91b., and Odd Trick, at 9st. 71b., do not read well upon paper, but an analysis of the handicap will: show that both are fairly well in compared with the moderate Tasmanians. So it is with Monarqne, Camballo, Richmond, Waxy, Hopeful, ana F.G. West Coast is anite the champion of the island division, and, Judged by his recent performances, he is well in at 7ak 121b., that is when'compared with the respective weights attached to the names of the other local hortes,-but I remembw peeing him perform very moderately last year, when Quilp, who waS no wonder, beat him very easily. Since then, however, I believe he has improved, and has won nine races in suc cession. Notwithstanding these victories he is much more leniently treated comparatively than any of those he defeated, for Over thhr distance he has more than cnoe proved a couple of stone better than Customs, while now there, is only Mb, between them, so that tine owner of the cheenut has good grounds fot complaint, Mr. Lloyd's two, .Night mare and The Marchioness, are fairly well handicapped, and the better of this ftwo ought to be very near winning. I doubt if Pyrrhue can win at 7st. 81b., but Kiltnany may have an ontelde show at 7et. 6lb., and u Kanaka were himself he might also have a look-in. I think Cynic is well in at 7at.— . much better than if the top weight were Ost. 71b. and he were at 6at., because every pound above 9st. 71b. tells much more than it does below that weight. Of tire local horses below him, perhaps Elsinore and Nicholas are the best Both are by Horatio, and, if 1 miatolro not the latter is a gelding that 1 saw at Mr. 8\. Blackwell'B, and in the veteran's hands he is likely to be well trained, which, unfortu nately, is not the caBe with many of the Tas manian horses. At the weights, I should take Wellington,- Camballo, Richmond (Jellett's), Nightmare, Marchioness, Cynic, West Coast, Kilmany, and Nicholas to be the best, and I fancy either Nightmare or MarchionesB will win. Greystanes heads the list for the Steeplechase, and if his legs stand a good preparation he ought to win, but as there is some doubt about it, Victor, Verdi, and Mariner may fill the places. Those who have horses engaged in the Hobart Cup and Steeplechase are reminded that the acceptances are due on Monday next, at 4 p.m., and Victorian nominators can pay up at Mr. Bagot's office. In estimating their chances of success, owners should not judge by the actual weight allotted to their own horses, but by the weight given to the others. New South Wales will be very strongly re presented at the V. R. C. Autumn Meeting, and we shall again have to look to our laurels. Mr. William Long will have a very strong string, as, in addition to Grand Flaneur, Avernus, Gipsy Cooper, Rupert, Ac., he will probably have the services of Geralaiue, who. is doing nice work under Tom Brown's foster ing care, so that in the event of the great gun going amiBS he will have a capital Becond string to fall back upon. Mr. Fennelly will send down a good string, which will include Monmouth,Sapphire, The Pontiff, andMartin dale. Mr. Ivory, no doubt, will visit us again with Sweetmeat Mr. Lamond may send down Spinningdale,andMessrs.ForresterandDargin will probably be represented at the meeting. As Mr. De Mestre has not nominated any thing for the Australian Cup I doubt if he will pay us a visit, but George Donnelly has taken boxes at the Racecourse Hotel, and he may come over with Falmouth and Bob Sawyer. The former, it will be remembered, ran second for the A.J.C. Derby, and the latter was one of the three that ran a dead heat for second place in the Newmarket Handicap, won by Diomed. Mr. Mayo, too, is expected to put in an appearance with Hesperian. The absence of Darriwell from the ranks of the competitors for the Geelong Cup will de prive the chief event of the G.R.C. of some of its interest, for he was undoubtedly one of the most dangerous horses engaged. I be lieve the horse iB Buffering from a severe cold, caught after he had been treated to a dose of phyBic. Mr. W. Dakiu'B ill-luck has Btuck to him most pertinaciously during the present season. It is to be hoped the turn ing point will come soon, because no trainer works harder or more conscientiously to bring hiB hones to the past. Mr. Dallas's colt Marmora, who ran so well at the Wagga and late Sydney meetings, has changed hands, I believe, and has gone into Mr. T. Lamond's stable. This colt is a rarely-bred youngster, as he is by the im ported horse Hawthornden from the imported mare Spoilt Child, by Wild Dayrell. 1 am told that the price paid for him was 900 guineas, a big figure, considering that he is engaged in but few of the good things of the A. J.C.; yet he is a most promising animal, and in Lamond's hands will receive full justice. Flemington presented a very dry ap pearance until the rain set in, the con tinued dry weather having parched up the grass and hardened the ground, though the outer track was in very fair order. I paid an early visit to the training ground on Tuesday morning, but had to wait nearly an hour before there were any signs of life. Mahon was one of the first to appear, and he sent Sea Serpent and Heron singly for useful work. Mr. Robert Sevior has commenced operations again, but his Btring at present is a weak one. He gave Silverfox and a brown fast work, and then Mr. F. Dakin exercised his team, Billilla cantering, and Darebin and a chesnut striding along at a nice pace for about six furlongs. Mulatto, who looks light, cantered. Mr. Crooke gave Chatterer and Declamation a canter, ana then a short gallop. Both seem to be improving, and, all going well, Mr. Whittingham's string should pick up more crumbs during the autumn. Tom Brown, who has been on a trip to Sydney, was down with Mr. Long's lot, bnt Grand Flaneur was not among them, the crack being in physic. Avernus was sent two miles at a Btxong pace on the tan, and judging from the work he has been doing, I fancy ne is meant for the Geelong Cup or Handicap. The Wandering Jew, who is be ginning to pick up and look well, did steady work on the outer track, where Gladys and Rupert worked singly, the latter having a Bpnrt home. I believe the filly beat mm comfortably a few mornings ago. Geraldine was treated to useful work on the outer track, and Gipsy Cooper galloped about a mile and a halt on the tan. Mr. Jellett sent Bosworth and Richmond for a canter on the tan. Both are looking well. President and Vice-President did good work together. Trevallyn, who is being prepared for the autumn meeting, exercised on the tan. Adventurer did steady work on the track in side the course proper, and Hopeful and another got through some useful work on the tan. Mr. W. Dakin treated some of Sir Thomas Elder's horses to serviceable exercise, but Darriwell was not down. Prattle did alow work, and so did Lucent, who is in training again. W. Higmbotham. gave Chuckster a light sweat on the tan, Go verness accompanying Use. Coriolanns, Josephine, ana Gonxago's brother gaiinned about six furlongs, the two year old going laaly as usuaL Intrepid, with Yeena up, got through usefal wow, and Wellington did a nloe striding gallop ot two miles on the tan. where Spite and others of Morrison's did slow exercise. A.B.C. and Semiramide galloped a mile, and Wixard, who has im proved very muoh of late, did moderate work. Latrobe and galloped a m'ie and a half, and Messrs. Selman, Lang, Grippe, SuUivap, Oallanan, and Chifney gave tueir respective strings some good work. I cannot agree with An Owner of Raoe horses, who, in last week's Australasian, goee in .for a wholesale redaction of the dis tances of the moee heldanaer the auspices of the Victoria Amateur Turf Club. As a rule, the institution referred to has kept a majority of the fiat races at a mile or under, and pkk bablyhaa acted wisely ip attempting to do adpptwiija even instanpa H ths wnfc £*Klyt6pruvide raceswifififinAt " of >the noMtayinn wretohee that more than w nutt.lt t toibe>o^ttfidetedJaii for thdpurpoat ofTptoii couraging tbe breed of thoroughbred horses, for it is no sport to the public to go to Caul field and Bee four or fire ehOrt scrambles, nor would it be an inducemont to owners to breed hones of the Grand Flaneur, Progress, First King, and Wellington Btamp. A large majority of tbe flat races are over courses of a mile or less, and consequently I think that the owners of hones should be well satisfied. No doubt it was a great mistake not to make tbe two-year-old race a handicap, but directly attention was called to it the committee altered the conditions, so that it is now a Nursery Handicap. Darriwell was scratched for the Geelong Cup and Handicap at 29 minutes past 10 a.m. on Saturday, the 15 th inat., and Ravens wood was struck out of the Stewards' Pune and Grand Stand Stakes at 20 minutes past 9 a.m. on the Same day. Mr. H. B. Donaldson has kindly expressed his willingness to present a hundred- guinea cup to the Victoria Amateur Turf Club, to be run for at the July meeting. As the Warrnambool meeting will clash with the South Australion Jockey Club Meet ing, I believe it is proposed to alter the W.R.C. dateB, and bring them forwatd about a week. The following horses have been nominated' for the Ti'.mut Sires' Produce Stakes Mr. €. Guy's colt, by Angler, and Young Bylong, by Bylong ; Messrs. Riley and Son's Night cloud, by Snowden ; Messrs. F. and J. M'Evoy's Royalty, by Tim Whiffler; Mr. Grain's Speculation, by Snowden; Mr. Budd's Rylstone, by Barbarian ; Mr. P. Burns's Gam betta, by Tarragon ; Mr. Yeoman's Mercury, by Snowden. The entries for the Ararat meeting are suf ficiently numerous to provide good sport. For the Ararat Cup there are 19 entries ; Grand Stand Stakes, 17; Hurdle Race, 14; Welter Handicap, 17 ; and Amateur Flat Race, 11. The meeting takes place on the 10th and 11th February, and I have been re quested to state that a race for polo ponies has been added to the programme for the second day. The prize will be a silver cup, V&lUG; 15 8QVB. Messrs. Ogilvie and Robinson announce that they will hold the sale of Mr. James Wilson's yearlings at St. Albans on Thurs day, the 27th January. There are only five lots, the first being a very nice colt by King of the Ring from Idalia, full sister to the Derby and Cup winner Briseia. Next comes a sister to Royal Maid, her sire being King of the Ring, and her dam Maid of All Work, by King Alfred from Mischief, the dam of First King and Petrea. Coming from so distinguished a family, thiB filly should be worthy the attention of racing men; so should a sister to South Hamilton. There is nothing better bred than the filly by King of the Ring from Repartee, who runs back to Lucifer, the sire of the celebrated Don Juan. The filly by King of the Ring from Eleanor is the last of 1 a very select lot of yearlings. 1 believe the Commissioner of Railways has been asked to allow tickets to be issued to Geelong at the same fares as will be changed on the race days, and Mr. Patterson will in all probability consent to this, so that there is likely to be a goodly number of Melbourne visitors, many of whom will no doubt remain until Satur day.' The secretary of the Geelong Racing Club has requested metoata'ethat owners of horses requiring loose-boxes near the course had better make their arrangements at once, as most of them have been let On referring to the list of the Geelong Sires* Produce Stakes 1 find that, in nomina ting Bethnal Green's foals, Mr. Finlay omitted Colleen Bawn's, consequently Welcome Jack is not engaged therein. Mr. William C. Yuille reports having sold two colts, 2 yrs old, by King of ClnbB from ; Celery and Frolic, to Messrs. Baldock; on account of Mr. F. Leng, the horse Kilmany, to leave the colony; and, on account of Mr. D. Sullivan, Snpple Jack, to go to Riverina. The Pleasant Creek Racing Club will hold a two-days meeting in March. The pro gramme will include a handicap of 50 sovs., one mile and a half; a hurdle race of 40 j bo vs., two miles; ana five other handicaps, from three-qnarters of a mile to a mile ana a ; quarter. This programme is put forward as an experiment, and if the racing men respond in a liberal manner, the club will in all pro bability have an annual autumn meeting. The-course is only half a mile from the mil way, and therefore can be reached without difficulty. At the Glen Innes meeting Barber, by The Barb, won the New Year's Gift and the Glen j Innes Cup. Terrara, who had his shoulder severely injured at Rand wick, was (says the Sydney Sportsman) removed to Braid wood, but his i owner, Mr. W. E. Royd, found the horse so seriously hart that he had him destroyed to pnt him out of misery. Messrs. H. Gamble and Lome Pereira, pro moters of racing sweeps, were summoned to the City Court on Thursday, for selling lottery : sweeps. A penalty < of £20, with six guineas costs, was,inflicted in each case. I believe Beverel other:' " promoters " are to be dealt j with. ■ Tbe Maimsbury meeting passed off very i pleasantly on Wednesday; -Corrigan wmt np 1 to ride Pemberly in the Hurdle Race, bat he i came to grief, atid Union Suck., won. Mr.. Glasscock floored a couple of victories with Blue Ribbon, ■ who easily appropriated; the two handicaps. . This colt is a remarkably well- bred horse, as he is by Derby from Dene- < lict, by Tom King from Norma; > ' ' . The sweep promoterthat levanted from New Zealand was1 a barber named < George. North; Implicit confidence was placed -in him ty'tHe public, ah be had tuftnaged -pw -viouk'ette6pS ''in aaatiefaOtory manner.: "Ifr'i •appears that he had £4,500 of'tbe public ] moaft.'JMjOOO/oftMh . rati being . paM Into « 7 leviathita sweep pn'^tie Wellington Cop, tint' jgSOOon a Canterbury event ; T i 1 <'> '•! :-'i NoFpdaya we seldbjn sol sfcbibfcflf of W horses for a steeplephMh, bpt l trottbelhat forfheGreat Northern^e^lichiwLt&bb; ran uuBoutJi AnstiftluL np Jns thraSl ^ been nominated. (This number includes 'the' VictaHau W»«sSne|ex,; ' aept.Undifwearerer j« ajcoMie'of I&ese; We ought tobh^ft'Wetit': winfflSg.-fat the G^eat$prtbem Htindi&W; 2Q iSclki. W.*.A -luttn nnmindi^ colony it tfo: was b; I9t ? , nu flpne OMW m ftwmiv *V» wm l is now offeredon the field. Progress igith^tir favourite than anything else, mua has been nibbled at, 8 to 1 being tbe price. Wellington and P.O. have also been supported at about the same figures. There has been a moderate amount of double-event wagering, though no BenBational commissions have been effected. It has been reported that in consequence of the death of a near relative of Mr. Long's, Gipsy Cooper and Avernus would not run at Geelong, but it is quite probable that both horses will go to the poBt, though it is doubt ful if Mr. Long will be present to see them run. It is reported that before daylight on Wed nesday morning P.G. was tried with Cam ballo, and the nurdleracer acquitted himself remarkably welL V.A.T.C. Entries.—Owners of horses are reminded that the entries for the V.A.T.C. meeting close at Mr. Fenner's office, Bourke etreet, at 4 p.m. on Monday next, the 24th inst. Geelong Acceptances.—Those who have horseB engaged at Geelong will bear in mind Handicap and the sweepstakes for the other events will have to be lodged with Mr. Robin son by 4 p.m. on Monday next. Tasmanian Acceptances.—The acceptances for the Hobart Cup are due on Monday next, at 4 p.m. 