MELBOURNE GOSSIP. (MOMODB.MELBOURNE , COKRESPONDENT MrE. C. 'Martin jB a- 'bold, man, for .he ha8 ventured to write a drama on the Kelly, business,: which JS to be produced t the, Princess':-Theatre' next-:Saturday. night by .the commonwealth of actors who play at that place of amusement - The piece is called '.'Ostracised/' and Mr Martin%states;tliatrhe lias not written it to pander to the morbid tastes of the public,, but rather- to .show tjiatvvice ever meets its_ reward.: There is .good deal ,of curiosity about the piece and its reception. The ICelly outbreak wasanade the isubject. of a drama that .held the - boards <for some time at an East End theatre in London. - Who has not heard of the Iiish song about.Pharoah% daughterand-the . '.'.dissolute isle " An M P who was travelling in his (hstricttthifl:iweek- up..St.,Arnaud way, was privileged to hear a .similar •lapsus,lingua:. Aconstituentcameup lum, and after, hearnig a .discussion.on-the. pohtical- situation, chnched' ihe-matter-iyi saying dogmatically, " Look, it am't any use; to settle, tlungs you must liave either a colli ion or a desolation ' A select party of inetallicians went the other night to hear Professor Denton's lecture, having heen>mformed-tliathe.was gomg to piove that the progenitor, of the hoise, the luppauon, was webfooted, in : fact that the hippie family had started from an animal like a fiog Aftei the lecture was over, they weie asked their opiwon of it "Blowme, ' nas the reply of the leading man, "if I don't thmk lie's about right, and they must have liad gland hat races hi them -days " " Yes,"] said one ofthepublicifhostoodby, "and it's because horses are descended from frogs, everything about Jliem. .nowadays as so Herr Wilheimj fws had enthusiastic audiences, but jiot sufficiently numfeious to be at all adequate to the attraction One of the features of his peiformance is i the extraordinary- power ^nd quahty .of the sound he cieates fiom the Q strnig It in effect becomes a ,newiand>;. marvellous,: instrument; powerful almost as the iorgan;-, but far more pure -and musical iSome would say he makes the strings speak I think it is better than speech . It moves the heart more than the grandest of bass voices Herr: Wilhehnj should descend a little to draw; i if he were to play a few Xnsh jigs or Scotch reels on the instrument he would: have ciowds to hear him At present he attracts those -who really -.understand and appreciate therdivme -art, and those who: think it is fashionable to go to such concerts and to applaud when they see others domg so, but who would be puzzled for an answer if asked'whether - the -player was performing on the .G string or,oii::the belly of the fiddle M Vognch, who is -his pianist, is an artist whose quahty Is only overshadowed iy ,the great maestro.*; He depends jnandy on tone andsostenuto. He confines himself a gieat ileal to the. middle portion of the piano, instead of gyrating, among the notes high up in the scale, as BO many, players. do,: as if their prmcipal business -was ,to pierce : the; listeners', ears.,; The . dehciouB.full :sound, M. Vognch produces from the piano would rather surprise those, who think racing from C in :ihe lower-to G m llio higlior octaves to be the whole duty of the pianist *; Mr Wilham Black has chosen a queer, name for his new novel " The Beautiful Wretch; a Brighton story, ing in England and America, and tlie illustrations are very beautiful. The Americans are a very- utilitarian people. The Mammoth Cave in Kentucky having failed as an attraction .and- health resort, the trustees Jiave now- leased a part of it to an enteiprismg.Prenchinan tq grow -mushrooms for : the New York market. . . •: Those who pretend to know, state that ere the Government will be defeated Sir Bryan will be made judge aaddMCr Grant Agent- General. . -. -Mr Shiels, who everybody thought was; going to leave Parliament and the world-, reappeared on Tuesday, apparently all right, at which everybody -was glad, for he is a. clever young fellow, and should rise in the world. Mr Berry . still visits the Age, but it is said by the best authorities that that journal has settled upon this deposition/. There is great cunoslly,to "know what Mr Syme will do when he returns from Scot land. We all remember how. his return from home influenced tlie fate of-Mr Charles Gavan Duffy. Up to JMEr Syme's return the ji^e had been very gentle, but. the moment he .. stepped into the office all was changed. .. By-the-bye. some of the B?ish pohticians talk of ". Boycotting" the" Age .over that .^'priestismi", and "landlordism" article Spiritualism is lifting its head again in tins city, and a good deal, of ^interest JS manifested m someof the seances that are_ being held. A subcommittee of -the Vic torian Spintualiats' Association is now carrying .on .experiments on -a medium, called .by the poetical name of Spnggs^ They.have now taken to.weighing spirits,, to ascertain the reality of the spirit forms.; One named.. .Peter seemed very bash? ful, for ,:on getting into; the .scales he . turned them : at 1001bsJ but got so frightened that he fell to 801bs • m no time.... A-"form":, called .Geordie. proved himself . weighty,^registering 129ilbs, but m three minutes he went down to llTlbs.; Geordie walked about freely, handing, a large stoneto-the visitorsj and: distributing oranges-^-a. generous ghost. The height of the spirits was also obtained. All these forms are-supposed to be those of departed persons " temporally, rehabiti ated in matter" through -the agency, -of the medium. :Oner was vthat .of a Mack' man, so you see we don't change colour -in the 