ADVENT : A MEDITATION. There can be no question that St. Paul believed with all his heart in the nearness of Christ's coming, and taught His disciples to look from every watch-tower and window for the first rays of the coming brightness and the first streak of the approaching dawn. How, then, can we reconcile such confident expectation of what did not come to pass with the inspiration of apostles or of Scripture 1 We cannot admit the explanation that tells us that St. Paul was mistaken — that his intense hope made him realise as near and present what was still in the remote future ; but that this ? is no detraction from his inspiration, since we are warned that on this subject apostles had no more authority to speak than others, and that the times and the seasons are kept in the hands of the Father. That would have been an excellent reason why St. Paul should have kept silence ; it would have perfectly explained his not knowing, and not professing to know, when the Coming should be. But it cannot explain St. Paul's writing by the inspiration of the Holy Ghost, and speaking positively to the time, even saying with authoritative urgency, ' The Day is at hand.' What are we to think, then? We have the choice of two alternatives. Shall we make St. Paul a teacher of things not revealed? or shall we believe it possible that the day was actually at hand when he wrote, as near and urgent as he described it, and yet passed by and did not come ? There was a time very early in the wandering of the elder people of God when they stood upon the borders of Palestine, when the promise was so near that they had only to put out their hands and take it ; only in faith and courage to go up and possess that good land which God had given to their fathers. Had Moses at that time spoken in their ears words like these — Ct Now it is high time to be up and doing, for now is our inheritance nearer than when we came out of Egypt. The night of affliction is far spent ; the day of reward is at hand' — would not his words have been sobriety and truth ? Yet near as these good things had been brought, we know they let them slip. The pleasant country was in sight ; the leaders were ready ; God was ready ; but the people were not ready. They would not go up; they would neither believe nor obey, until the offer which they would not take was withdrawn. The day which had been so near was removed far out of their sight. Back tread for weary years the wilderness, never, till a new genera tion had taken the place of those faithless ones, to stand a second time on the same ground of vantage, or to have the promise and the hope brought near again. Has there been no drawing back after the same example of unbelief on the part of the Christian Church ? The day of the Lord, the coming of the Son of Man — the theme of all prophecy, the desire and longing of every faithful heart — was at hand to those saints at Rome and Thessalonica to whom St. Paul wrote, if the Spirit of God, speaking by the mouth of the apostles, speaks words of truth. Alas ! what darkness came upon them that they should not see the light ? What weakness of faith, what failure of hope, what coldness of love, that they to whom these words were said could not be per suaded of the promise, not far off now, but near — that the people of God turned back a second time from the boundaries of Canaan to wander in a wilderness, out of which they have yet to be delivered ? For us, too, the lesson remains from both these stories — ' they entered not in because of unbelief.' For us, too, at this Advent season, who cannot but be sensible of the great stir and expectation in the whole Church of Christ of the many voices that are saying to men's hearts and ears that now, once more, is our salvation nearer than when we believed. The day is at hand. Not by the occurrence of one or two signs, not by the mouths of one or two witnesses, not by the sanguine expectations of this or that part of Christendom alone, is the truth that we are they on whom the ends of the world are come, making its way among the churches. The signs of these last days are being so manifestly fulfilled in the sight of this generation, that those who a few years ago treated the hope of an immediate Parousia as fanciful are now among the first to point them out. Yes, it is at hand even now — the day that prophets, and kings, and martyrs, and saints have desired to see, and have - not seen. And shall our want of faith — our slowness to under stand that things are not to go on for ever as they have done, that God is still God, and that, though His promises have tarried, His mercies are sure — again forbid that day to arise and shine ; again remove from our eyes the kingdom and the glory, and send us back to our long journeying in the desert and the night? Or shall it come, as we hope and pray that it will come, to us and our children, and any of us to whom the gospel of the kingdom has been preached, as well as unto the Church of the first century, be found to have fallen short of it ? Rather shall we not pray to God, and more earnestly at this season, in which the holy Church throughout all the world is making mention of the Lord's coming again in His glorious majesty, for the return of the King and the outpouring of the Holy Ghost, and so, listening for the Bridegroom's feet, with our vessels filled with oil and our lamps burning, and, even in our slumber, ready to start up at the cry, hold fast the confession of our hope without wavering, knowing that He ig faithful who promised? 