Nothiito in the advocacy of the pro posed transcontinental railway on the liberal land grant system is nore signi ficant than the manner in which the whole question is begged, by assuming certain premises to oe, proved Deyona the necessity for further argument, when, in point of fact, they hare never been proved, do not admit of proof, but are merely speculative opinions founded on'- insufficient data. We have called attention to this noticeable feature on several pre?ious occasions, and feel no hesitation in- doing so again, in order to prevent, aB far as we can, any miscon ception on the part of the general public of .the gravity of the question, at issue, aniithe danger of their accepting falla cious conclusians- founded on such specious arguments. More asser tion, frequently repeated and left un contradicted, is- apt to be accepted as truth by many persons, and on a subject so momentous as-fcbie-it is of the utmost importance that there should be as little misconception ns- possible. If this scheme of the Premier's be carried into effect, and a serious blunder be made, it will be absolutely- irretrievable for all time to come, and the wholefuture of the colony will be affected thereby. There is the more need for- a note of warning because the advocates- of this scheme are so enthusiastic in their approval as to seem to lose all proper concep tion of its tremendous importance. Only the other day,, for instance, the Carrier spoke jauntily o£ giving away twenty millions of acres of the best land in the colony to. a company who will make a railway of their own through it — as though twenty millions of acres were a mere bagatelle-,, and that it mat tered very little indeed who owneiit, so- long as there- was- a railway through it -which the public were permitted to use on the same conditions as on those already oonst-ucted. This is the tone adopted' from the -first by all the advocates of tbe scheme. The Crown lands of the interior are assumed to1 be worth nothing, and never can be made to be worth anything so long as they remain Crowa. lands : therefore it is desirable to. get rid of them on almost any terms, so long.' as a railway is made to the head of the Oulf of Carpeutaria. It is natural enough that the persons who want to get possession of these lands should strenuously advocate this view, but it is not desirable that the general public should accept it as the: correct one. The first assumption insisted upoii by_ the advocateB-of the transcontinental railway scheme ioy that a large majority of the people of the colony are strongly in favour of it.. This has been, repeated ad nauseam during, the :last two yesrs, yet it is as purely gratuitous an assump tion as it is. , possible^ r , to conc*iv,e. There is not a vestige of evidence to support -it.- ? u:ne;; question. ^uasT. never been submitted to the psople of the colony as '~a~ political one. &.t the last general election' it was ''not mentioned, and: at every .election 'in a populous constituency which has taken place during the time it ha3 been a prominent question, the candidates wiio succeeded in' getting returned,, eit'aer openly expressed their opposition to the Bcheme, or said, nothing -about it. Mr. De Satoe was elected fo? the Mitchell for the express purpose of opposing this scheme ; Mr. PERansoN,. as we know on good authority, would riot have stood a ghost of a shanco of being .elected for Eockhampton if he had not clearly and explicitly pledged himself to oppose this schemo; Mr. &X;&18, tb« intimate personal friond of ths membass of the Ministry, never ventured-, to hint to the electors of the Darling Dswns during his candidature -that he was in favour of this scaame. Xhis doio. sot indicate that a lisrge ' majprity o£ the people of the cslony are- in, faaoar of tbe transcontinental railway oa the liberal land grant syat&in.; Aft fer as it proves anything on the-sabifeot^it proves the opposite. Yet, stiEely thiSf taxpayers pf the colony ought to- hav& the oppor tunity of oipressirig and recording their .opinion thereon before they are irretrievably comjjiitted to it. The Courier may tbin'x it a matter of very little moment- whether a few large 'capitalists get twenty or thirty millions of aores of the grazing lands of the in terior, providing they make for th»m , selves a railway through the centre of it to the GulE of -Carpentaria,. but w& cen-. ture to say- that very few of the electors in the populous districts o£ the colony regard the matter in the samo light. Another assumption, taken as in controvertible is that when this company has obtained their twenty millions of ncres, or such larger quantity as they may demand, or the Govern ment may give, for constructing their single line of narrow-gauge railway through the centre of it to Point Parker — their only care will be to encourage vast numbers of people to come aud live upon the laud. This, if anything, is more extravagant and indefensible than the assumption previously noticed. Why should they do anything of the kind ? Suppose, for instance, that the company obtained an acre of land for every half-crown they coul'd Bhovv they had spent upon their railway — which we BuppoBe the Courier would consider an extortionate price for those western grazing lands — why Bhould they be anxious for crowds of people to come aud eettle on them when, bo fnr as can be ascertained at present, much of the country is unsuitable for clpge settle ment, arid a single line of uarrow-gauge railway would not .supply the traffic requirements of a large population in the interior of the colony, if close set tlement were practicable? At present, on the railways belonging to the State, and which are worked at the cheapest possible rate,- we see that no further inland than Korna, the cost of freight to the nearest port is prohibitory of all produce except that from ^the: stations ; the line is only earning a* trifle more than working expenses ; bullock teams are able to compete with it successfully for long' distances ; and' we are assured by tho Minister for Works and the Commissioner for Ksil^ ways — the two gentlemen iu the colony who ought to know best— that to carry at lower rates than are now charged would sweep away the- small margin of profit the line now earns. Wkafr ground' is there for assuming that two or three hundred miles further inland than Eoma the land could and would be closely settled upon by people who could pay the freights on the Government lines and the extra ones charged on the coin-' panyro- extension and still earn a' living by cultivating the land? The Premier does not tnnke any such rash assertion aB this. He explained at Blackall clearly enough the other day that what he means by close settlement on those lands is substituting sheep for cattle, and intro ducing asufficient amount of labour to make the necessary improvements- con sequent on the change. And with -re- gard to the company who make the railway, when once they have obtained the title- deeds for the land through which it passes, they will not be com palled to work the line at a loss. That responsibility can be thrown uponithe1 Government at any time, and seeing that pastoral lessees no further from the coast than the Darling Downs-have found it worth their while to give from £1 to 30*.. per acre for land abut ting on the railway in ordc*.- to prevent it being settled aponj surely this-- company who mako- the Transcontinental railway can afford ?? to give 2s. 6dv. per acre for land said io bo infinitely superior for pastoral pur^ poses — and; keep it for pastoral occupa tion Bolely- leaving the Governica-nt to work the railway if it prove too expen sive. A port at Point Parker would.. save nearljr'two thousand miles of the distance between here and Lond.ni, and obviate the- necessity of going tSjough Torres Straits and traversing th»' coast of Queensland even so far as Tovmsville, to: say nothing of Eockhampion or Brisbane, .with the produce of 3&e; inte rior. TRndes- these circuinstace®3,-and. so far. as -caa be judged at present, .the transcontinental railway, coautructeel on the, terms proposed, wouldi'Ae. about, the most -sffieetua! mode whicls eould.be devised.tfos- preventing any settlement' in the interior, except that of pastoral farmings oa a gigantic scafe, .with., a? foseign company as landlords* . 