Wednesday, 29th June. The debate on the want of confidence motion was 'adjourned on Tuesday evening, on tho . motion of Air. Langridge, who, as a matter of right, resumed the discussion on Wednes day. He made an elaborate and exhaustive speech,, in which he defended tho adminis tration of the several departments under the Government. Air. James followed the Minister of Public Works, and reminded the House that the Opposition last evening, as soon as they found they .had a majority, put on tho iron hand and tried to gag members of that House who had not spoken. The debate on the" want of con fidence iti Mr. Duffy's Government lasted eleven days. With regard to the Corner party, Mr. James pointed out that they were playing into the hands of the Conservatives, for they must be very credulous if they thought they were going to get tho support af the -Opposition any longer than it suited them. Mr. Laurens, with other mem bers, repudiated the charge levelled again&t; the Government of having wrig gled in dealing with the Reform Bill. The wriggling had been done by the Council. Tho plea for peace put forward by tho Conserva tives when urging that the Government should make concessions w. .» a sham. They did not want peace ; th-.y only wanted to get the Reform Bill out of the way, that they might rush the Treasury benches. The bill had not been passed twenty-four hours when the Opposition turned round and moved this factitious motion. If it were earned it would be disastrous to the country, which was now in i peaceful mood and a prosperous condi tion. Mr. Hall made an amusing speech, some points in which were very telling. He described tho motion as the mountain in labor that had brought forth the ghost of a mouse. Mr. Officer, in a candid yet strongly anti-Minis terial speech, made some statements that had a very disquieting effect on his own party. lie said that he intended to vote for the motion— he could not help doing . so, but he was sorry it had not been moved by the lender of the Opposition, for lie had almost as little confi dence in tho gentleman who had moved tho . resolution as he had in the head of the present Government, and he would not support tho bon. member for West Bourke until ho knew what his policy, was. He had heard n rumor to the effect that tho Opposition proper had given the mover of the motion a written guarantee that the Government formed bv him should be supported by them for twelve months. Ror his part he did not believe such a compact had been entered into, and if it had been he would not be bound by it. Sir Bryan O'Loghlen said the statement made by Mr. Officer was not true. Air. Berry, drew atten tion to the fact that it was not denied on the front Opposition benches. Air. Officer went on to enumerate a number of instances in which the Government, in his opinion, had offended. Air. Nimmo, in a conciliatory spirit,' pointed out that the motion they had to discuss was ill- timed, injudicious and unjust. It was se verely condemned as meau and unjust by all the lending journals— Conservative and Libe ral — throughout the country. Even the Arr/ns only gave the movement a lukewarm support. If they read between the lines of that journal they would see there was no hearty approval of the present motion. Mr. Dow expressed the ' hope that the Government would use every means in their power to get a dissolution, so as to prevent the creation of an intriguing Parliament. . Among other allusions to the motives of those who were engaged in tho conspiracy against the Government, ho referred to the part that Mr. M'Reau was taking in the matter. That gcntlerajin, he Baid, had no political difference with Mr. Berry, but would eject him from office in order that he might get himself re stored to tho list of Executive councillors, from which ho was removed at tho sug gestion of Sir Jame3 M'Culloch. That is to say, said Air. Dow, the country is to be thrown into confusion because Mr. M'Kcan has a private grievance to redress, and for no other reason whatever. This Air. M'Kcan denied. Air. Bowman,muchto tho surpriseof tho House, announced his "intention of voting for the Government. Heexplaincdthathedidsobccause tho hon. member for West Bourke had no chanco whatever of forming a Liberal Govern ment Having made this statement, he went on to find fault with the various members of the Government, excepting Air. Berry, for their want of courtesy to hon. members. He also urged that tho Government had egrc- giously failed in carrying the Reform. Bill promised to the country. . The bill carried was tho Council's bill. It did not belong to the Government or the Liberals. On tho motion of Air M'Coli tho debate was adjourned at a quarter post eleven. , 