;; * GRAVEYARD SUPERSTITIONS. It is seldom that one hears now-a-days of the observance of the quaint funeral oustoms whioh formerly exiBted in many an English , country village, ..the old-world, notions which gave rise to' them having died out, owing, perhaps, to tho iutroduc-. tion of railwayo aud school boards. Thus, in the north of England it was customary, only a few years ago, to carry ' tho dead i with the sun' to the grave— a praotice corresponding with tho Highland usago of making ' the deazil,' or walking three times round a person according to tho course of the sun. On ono occasion, in the village of Stranton, near WeBt Hartlepool, the vicar was standing at tbe ohurohyard gate, awaiting the arrival of the f unoral . procession, when, much to his surprise, the entire group, who had oome within a few yards of him, suddenly turned back, and marched round tho ohurchyard wall, thus traversing its west, north, and eant boun daries. On inquiring tho reason of this ex truoidinary procedure, one of the mournors quickly replied, ' Why, ye wad no hae them carry the dead again the sun ; the dead maun ay go wi' the sun.' This is not unlike a Welsh custom mentioned by Pennant, who tells us that, when a corpse wa3 conveyed to tho churchyard from any part of tbe town, great oare was, always taken that it should be carried the whole distance on the right-hand : side of tho road. From time immemorial there has been a strong ieoling of repugnanae among the inhabitants ol rural parishes to burial ' without tho Banotnary.' This does not mean in uncon'seorated gronnd, but on the north side of the ohuroh, or in a remote oorner of the charohyard. The origin of this prtjadico is said to have been tbe notion that the northern part was that whioh waB appropriated to tho interment of nnbaptiaed iatante, oxcommunioated persons, or snoh as had laid violent hands upon themsolves. Hence it was popularly known as ' the wrong side of tho ohurch.' Iu many parishes, therefore, this spot remained un occupied, while the remaining portion of the ohurohyard was orowded. White, in his 'History.of Selborno,' alluding to this super stition, cays that aB most people wished to be buried on the south Bidu of tho church yard, it became snoh a mass of mortality that no person could be interred ' without disturbing or diBplaoing the bones of hiB \- ancestors.' Great attention has generally been paid, also, to the position of the grave, tho -popular ono being from east to west,; while tbat from north to sonth haa been ? considered not only dishonourable, but un lucky. A curious surviving cuBtom at Welsh' funerals is termed the 'parson's penny.' After reading the burial service in the church, the clergyman stands behind a table while a psalm is being sung. In the meantime each of tbe monrners places a piece of monoy on the table for his ac ceptance. This ceremony is regarded as a token of respect to the deceased, a'.thougb it was, no doubt, originally intended to compensate the clergyman for praying for the soul ot' tho departed. In some Welsh parishes, also, a similar custom, called 'spade-money,' is kept up. After the corpse has been committed to its resting place, the grave-digger presents his Bpade as a receptacle for donations, these offer ings, which often amount to a goodly sum, being regarded as hi3 perquisite. In York shire, at the funerals of the rich in former j dayB, it was customary to band ' burnt wine' to the company in a silver flagon, out o! which everyone drank. This bever age seemB to have been a heated prepara tion of port wine, with sugar and spice, and should any remain, it was sent round in the flagon to the houses of friends for distribu tion. This, of course, was a species of funeral feast, called, in the north of England, an ' arval'' — a lingering survival of the offer ings tbat originally were made to the ghost of the deceased. Among the superstitions tbat still oling to the ctiurchyard may be mentioned one that has existed frjm the most remote period, and which haB invested it with an atmosphore oE dread — it having been generally supposed that they are haunted by speotrea and apparitions. Indeed, it has been truly pointed out by Mr. 'Tyldr that through alt the change^ of religious thought, trom first to last, it} the course of human history, the hovering ghost's of the dead mako the midnight burial- ground a place where men's flesh creepB with terror.: — Harper's Weekly. 