INTERCOLONIAL TELEGRAMS. , [From the Melbourne papers,] NEW SOUTH WALES. alive' i s i 'i . SVDMSY, September 26. A telegram received from the quarantine station this morning states that Mr. Frank Southcote, who was removed from Glebe Point to North Head on the 19th inst., suffering from small-pox, is in an extremely critical condition. All the other patients are doing well. The house and shop occupied by Mr. John Pope, commission agent, at the corner of York-street and Broughton-lane, from which Mrs. Pope escaped on Friday last, was fumigated and disinfected this morning, and having been visited by a member of the medical staff, was released from quarantine, The English, Continental, and American buyers are mustering in Sydney in view of the forthcoming wool season. Favourable news continues to be received respect- ing the Nana Creek reefs. A shaft has been sunk on the Lady Matilda claim, and the reef struck at a depth of 25ft. It shows very good stone, which is estimated to yield 10oz to the ton. There are about 100 people on the ground. The result of several adjourned meetings of the miners at Newcastle, who are discontented with the present hewing prices of coal, is that the men continue to work as at present, without any fresh 1 agreement, at 4s. 3d. hewing rate, fourteen days' 'notice to terminate the contract on either side. These were the best terms procurable, and were accepted. George Cooper, the man who blow up his house with dynamite, is still in a critical condition at the Infirmary. It is stated that while he was in the act of moving the explosive compound be was smoking his pipe, and probably dropped a spark which ignited the keg.' I A strange discovery was made yesterday by a gentleman whilst visiting his wife's grave at the Rockwood Cemetery. He found open an empty coffin, bearing the marks of having been recently disinterred. The lid was gone, evidently by having been violently wrenched open, and the heads of the screws were broken. The matter has been placed in the hands of the police. An extraordinary charge was preferred at the Police Court by a woman named Annie Delsobn, against her husband, whom she accused of attempt- ing to murder her. She stated that he presented a loaded revolver at her head, and used a threat that he would shoot her dead. The complainant, who is an attractive young woman, deposed that she had been only a fortnight married. Her husband compelled her against her will to marry him by presenting a revolver at her head, and threatening to shoot her unless she complied. She was afraid of her life owing to his violence. The case was remanded after the defendant had been bound over to keep the peace towards a lad named Murray, whom he had also threatened to shoot. During the recent voyage of the immigrant ship Nineveh a practical joke was perpetrated which since led to unhappy consequences. One of the young female immigrants dressed herself in a sheet, pretending to be a ghost. At dead of night she stalked through the sleeping girls, whom she aroused. In one instance the shock was so severe that a girl lost her reason, and became hopelessly insane. She was examined on the arrival of the ship by medical not, on whose certificate she has been sent to the asylum. The matter will be investigated by the Immigration Board. September 27, _ The Mayor of Sydney this morning continued his examination of tenements in the city which were reported to be unfit for human habitation He directed that a large number of tenements should he demolished, unless the appeals of the owners to the Improvement Board against his decree were sustained. Considerable improvements are about to be commenced at the It Ludwick racecourse, the chief object being to provide a course one chain and a half wide, and yet to preserve the original length of the course namely, a mile and a quarter. It is also proposed to do away with the objectionable turn at the Derby corner. The arrangements are completed for pulling; down the Queen's Theatre, with a view to the erection of a larger theatre in the modern style. Mr. J. R. Greville, of the Theatre Royal, Melbourne, has secured the lease. Michael Rush, the sculler, has announced his intention of retiring from aquatic sports. The annual meeting of the New South Wales Cricket Association was held at Tattersalls Hotel to-day. The report expressed regret at the defeat the colony had sustained at the hands of the Victorian players, which was attributed to the lens of the Domain ground for practice, and to the action of the Australian Eleven. A now grand stand, costing £8,000, is promised to be shortly erected. The mystery respecting the finding of an empty coffin at the Rookwood Cemetery has been explained, the police stating that the body of a Chinaman was removed by his countrymen and sent to China. September 28. The annual conversazione of the Royal Society was held at the great hall of the University to-night, and passed off very successfully. A large and distinguished company was present, including His Excellency the Governor. Captain Allen, the Harbourmaster at Newcastle, received a telegram to-day from the master of the Government steamer Ajax, reporting his arrival at Seal Rocks Bay this afternoon, after searching in vain for the disabled barque which the steamer Governor Blackall reported as being seen 70 miles off the Seal Rocks on Sunday last. The Ajax found all the crew but one of the barque Prince Victor at Cape Hawke. They had abandoned their ship at sea, as she was water- logged. The barque was bound for Melbourne from northern ports. The miners working for the Newcastle Coal Co. have decided, almost unanimously, to demand 61, extra per ton for hewing coal. The erection of a Sailors' Home at Newcastle, towards which the Rev. James Coutts recently gave the handsome donation of £1,000, is to be commenced at once, Many abandoned claims in the vicinity of the Hidden Treasure Co., at Temora, have been again taken up, owing to the rich yield obtained from the Hidden Treasure claim last week. A rumour which is apparently well authenticated has reached Bourke that the manager of a station in Queensland, on the Paroo River, has been arrested and taken to Cunnamulla on a charge of shooting a black gin. , September 29, The Marine Board this morning decided that the collision which occurred on August 29, in Port Jackson, between the Union Co.'s steamer Hero and the steam collier Herga, was caused by the default of the master of each vessel, who cautioned them as to their future conduct. Maria Evans, a child of six years of age, who was attacked with small-pox on the 12th inst., died this morning. This makes the nineteenth death from the disease. At the annual meeting of the Sydney Coffee Tavern, the report submitted showed a loss of £1,100 on the year's trade, but it was stated that business had steadily improved during the put six months. The members of the Insurance Companies' Fire Brigade entertained Superintendent Bown, who has been connected with the brigade for the last 25 years, at dinner to-night, and presented him with an address and a handsome gold emblem as a mark of esteem. The floor market is firm at late quotations, Wheat at auction brought from 5s. 9d. to 5s. 10d. for best samples Maize was sold at 3s. a bushel. A private, cable message advises an advance of 10s. a ton in bar iron and fencing wire. The Government steamer Ajax arrived at Newcastle this evening, bringing on from Cape Hawke Captain Brown, of the barque Prince Victor, and the material is of the order of that vessel. iCsp taisBrows.reporUthst by Uft sUryborossh. wits > <JSJ&<>|.efdar logs for Melbourne as SsffeSBb« 10, and that on Friday last, the 23rd inst., his ship I was thrown on her beam ends during a heavy gale, and became water-logged. On the Sunday following, when they had been four days without water, all hands except James Collins, the cook, left the ship, and arrived in safety at Cape Hawke, from whence they were taken by the steamer Ajax to Newcastle. Captain Brown asserts that the steamer Governor Blackall passed two miles from the barque on Saturday morning, and was again near her in the evening, but without rendering assistance. He also says that the steamer Keilawarra passed quite close to the crew when they were in a boat off Cape Hawke, but took no notice of their signals. The wants of the crew were attended to by the harbour authorities at Newcastle, who furnished the men with a new rig-out. Captain Brown believes that, unless assistance has reached the barque before this, the cook must have perished from want of water. 