^SSallatDu Cimes, WALLAROO* WEDNESDAY, MAT 18, 188L It will be remembered that we dealt at some length with the progress report of the Public Works Commission, when it was laid before the House of Assembly, referring particularly to the folly of ordering no less than twelve Consolida tion Engines from the Baldwin Company. At that time, however, tbe supporters of the Engineer-in-Chief made the excuse that the action was justifiable, consider ing the superiority of the Engines, com pared with the English pattern, as proved by their working on lines with heavy grades where they had been tried. But now that they have arrived and undergone a trial ' it has been proved without a doubt, that not only are they less useful on the lines for which they were intended than the ordinary engine now in use, but they burn considerably more coal, are more cumbersome; and from the formation of the smoke-escape, the passenger car riages are rendered filthy with smoke and coal dust. At the trial made at Snow town last We.dnesday, the new engine by its great weight was enabled to start a 'heavier load, yet it took very much longer to reach its destination. The load was, we are told, 130 tons, which occupied 45 minutes in transit to the summit of the Barunga range. The engine in use on the line at the ^present time, drew 115 tons, and was only 30 minutes in reaching the Gap. So that without taking into consideration the greater waste of fuel, or the immense weight of the 'list importation, which' means a greater amount of wear and tear to the lines, the old engines are vastly uperior. If this was an ordinary. ques tion, where, say, the cost of . only one engine was involved, it would be an easy matter to rectify-the machine could be cast on one side. But the colony has been saddled with no less than twelve of them, at a cost of from £30,000 to £4,0,000, and who is to blame for it ? simply the Engineer-in-Chief and no one else, uuless it may be a weak minded Ministry that allowed a public servant to lead them by the nose in such a manner. Tor we repeat, without fear of contradic tion that the Engineer-in-Chief was not justified in giving such a large order for engines, considering the limited nature of the information in his possession on the subject-and even what he had was unfavourable to these engines. In sup port of this we quote the following from the draft report prepared by the chairman of the Public Works Commission for presentation, but which in con nection with this particular, was cur tailed by the majority of the members in such a way as to make it perfectly nonsensical. The first report read as follows : The evidence famished to the Commision with regard to these engines is of a conflicting character. Th« Locomotive Engineer does not speak approvingly of them, and it appears he was not consulted on the matter prior to the order being sent to America for the purchase of twelve engines of this type from the Baldwin Company. Nor does it appear that the Engineer-in Chiefs department had sufficient reliable information with regard to all those particulars connected with their workiug to warrant so large an order being, in the first instance, given. 22\. For example, the Assistant Engineer, Mr Patterson, was examined by us on the 24th Novem ber. 1879, to the following effect: 971- Is shere one type both for the broad and narrow guage lines ?-They are very much alike; there is no speciality of construction- For the working of the Adelaide and Nairne line we are importing some Americaji locomotives from the Baldwin Company of special construction, called the American consolidation pattern, having a j large number of coupled wheels, great flexibility, and large heating surface. 972\. Why for that line only ?-That line has exceptionally heavy gradients-1 in 45. The Baldwin Company have made engines for similar gradients in America. 975\. You wonld recommend, I suppose, the same type of engine to be used OR all our lines P -On all lines of steep gradients. I thiuk it would be well worth while having them on the [ Port Augusta line, over the Pschiriehi Pa6s. They are capable of drawing very heavy loads at moderate cost. I 976. The American consolidation engines ? ? Yes. 977\. Do you recommend them from personal experience ?-No ; from reports of their working in America and New South Wales on the Zigzag line, where they have answered the purpose for which they were imported very well. 23\. When in Sydney, a few weeks afterwards, he was instructed to examine and report upon the American consolidation engines employed to work the goods traffic upon the Great Western railway {the Zigzag), New South WaleB, and on the 18th February, 1880, he submitted a report, in which he states that" the Locomotive Engi neer of New South Wales, Mr Burnett, con demns both the design and weight of these engines even for 1 in 30 gradients, and considers the lighter engines now in use far preferable for con ducting the goods traffic on the Zigzag railway. The whole tenor of this report is condemnatory of these engines. l 24. The Engineer-in-Chief defends the posi tion by stating that these engines have not hr>en condemned in America or Canada, where they are largely in use; and is of opinion that no such opportunity has yet been afforded of comparing the working of English and American engines on the same line and under the same conditions of working as would justify the assertions made ogainet the. capabilities of the latter class. When the consideration of this report came on, Mr Furner moved to strike out all the words after " character" down to the word " given," which was carried, only Mr Glyde dissenting. Mr Hawker also moved that paragraphs 22,23, and 24 be ' struck out which was carried, Messrs [ Glyde aud Furner objecting- Conse quently the report as placed before the House reads. " The evidence furnished by the Commission with regard to these engines is of a conflecting character,;And we therefore, recommend that the present order be regarded as an experimental one, until full trial is made of the engines now in course of construction." It will thus be seen that the Commissioner of Public Works deliberately took steps to erase everything from the report which could possibly put the true state of affairs before the House andi the country. A ? dear experiment it j has turned out. The fact of the Govern ment locomotive yard being already too full of different patterns of engines has ^been-a .cause, of complaint; yet twelve ! others of a more complicated description must be introduced. Will not some mbmber who has the country's good at heart speak out on this subject-sift it to its bottom, and make those who have him to blame, suffer for such a reckless expen diture. In the past a great deal has been said by a few private individuals about the high rates charged for shipping and landing goods at the Wallaroo Jetty. But these agitations unfortunate ly in many cases were made for the purpose of yenting private spleen, and have generally been directed against the local authorities instead of being adopted as measures for removing an evil, for which the said authorities are not responsible. The result of past complaints made in the objec tionable way referred to, have been the .means of preventing the general public from; moving, in the matter, and as a consequence the present high charges, as compared with other Government jetties, have been adhered to. The question tiow however^ has become too serious to be trifled' with any-longer, and if we intend tbis port to; -take its place amongst the leading outports of the colony it will be necessary vto adopt measures for inducing the Government to assimilate the cbarges'with those in force' at other-places. The whole of tbe'fcvils existing arise, from the fact of the. Government ad hering jaJ a "great measure to the rates of Wharfage and the customs adopted by the old Kadina and Wallaroo Bail and Pier Company. Tbe wharf too has been retained under the control of the railway department, and the result is that there ia a continual chafing, persons who are used to tbe score moderate rates at other jetties naturally objecting to pay any " fancy charges*' at Wallaroo. Whilst on the subject of the Wallaroo jetty usages we would also direct attention to tbe undesirable custom pursued by the railway department in continuing to contract for the loading and discbarge of ships, thus interfering with private enter prise. We feel convinced that the matter only requires to be represented to tbe Government to ensure a speedy remedy, and the~ sooner-it is done the better ; for, how ever economically a public department is worked it must be owned that private enter prise excels it. And there is little doubt if the work of loading and discharging vessels were left in the hands of those who are at present employed by the Government, they would earn better wages, tbe general publie would be better served, whilst there could not possibly be any falling off in tbe public revenue. We call attention to this matter in the hope that it may be taken up by those interested. THOSE who have in the past regarded the Hon. J. Pickering as the personification of all that ib *. meek and mild," a weak but .' well meaning" legislator, would have received a great shock had they been present when he addressed the farmers assembled at Crystal Brook on Wednesday last. From what the hon. gentleman said it is doubtful whether we should have had a Land Act at all had he not been a member of the Assembly in years past. "When he entered the Par liament, tbe House was fall of 'Land Sharks,' and it seems he was the only one who was bold enough to 'beard the lion in his den.' He it was who * upset the tables,' and sent those farmers' terrors to the right about. Tbe ghosts of Strangways, Torrens, Hanson, and a score of other reformers rose before us-but only for a moment, to be eclipsed by this superior light. Considering what he had done, Mr Pickering said he was not quite sure as to whether he should thank them or they him for occupying his piesent position. Tbe hou. gentleman's effort was only eclipsed by the gush indulged in by the Hon, R. A. Tarlton, , who conveyed the intelligence to the ! meeting that be was the father of twelve children. This might have been gratifying ' to many who would never have suspected ! anything of the kind, were their calculations based solely upon a survey of the individual, but we scarcely see what it had to do with the Farmers';Association or Amended Land Laws. His remarks in this way, however, were harmless. It is to his unlimited flattery of those he had never seen before that we object. He assured them that he had " spotted" Mr Daw on the street that day, although he had not seen bim previously, " knowing by bis countenence that he was a diamond of the first water." J3ow, Mr Daw is a gentleman who has worked hard and effec tually in furthering the interests of the Farmers' Association. He is further univer sally respected, but to say that he has a coun tenance that would mark bim as a " diumond of the first water" to a stranger, is to bring a charge against him that would not be pre ferred by his nearest and dearest relative. Therefore, such clap-trap only annoys the person referred to, and lowers the 'speaker in the estimation of the publie. If sijch men as Mr Tarlton, who at times appear to be " carried away," would only exercise Common honesty in their utterances they would be thought more of, and would avoid.Wany of the inconsistencies of which they are guilty. This we think was scarcely observed on Mr Tarlton^part at the meeting referred to, when he was in pathetic terms bemoan - ing the hardships which the " tillers of the soil" are enduring through being handicapped by taxes which go to keep up *' shoemakers and tailors." It must be well known to a great many that the hon. gentleman has, or has bad, a very large interest in both of those industries consequently in his case the old Scotch pro verb will be most applicable -" It's a puir bird that files it ain nest." Mr John J. Christmas in onr next. We would cill attention to the alteration in the time of Messrs Liston, Shakes & Co's sale, as announced in our advertising columns. A race, 150 yards, for a small stake, took place on Saturday last, between Messrs A. Darke and T. McKee. After a very close contest it was won by the former by about half a yard. Many of the farmers to the south of Crystal Brook haye succeeded in getting their crops sown early this year. In passing through a few days ago we noticed several two inches high and look ing well. The residents of Port Broughton have decided, at a meeting held last Wednesday, to hold their annual regatta and sports on the Queen's birth day, Tuesday, May 24. Mr JR. W, Bawden is busily engaged in getting up a programme, and it is expected that a large number of visitors will be do«m from the countiy and that a good day's sport will be the result. Our attention has been called to the dangerous practise of riding en velocipedes after dark with out a light. On Tuesday evening two horsemen on the Kadina road narrowly escaped being thrown, through their horses shying at one of the affairs alluded to. In Adelaide all velocipedes have to be provided with a light, and if the same rule was enforced here it would afford travellers an opportunity of preparing for the danger that was approaching. The Mayor of Wallaroo has received the fol lowing reply from the Minister of Education, relative to a request made by Cr Heath and him self, on behalf of the residents of Tickera regard ing a change in the mail service:-Sir-.' In reply to jour request for an alteration in the days ofdis patching the mails from Kadina to Tiokere, I am ! directed by the Hon. the Minister of Education, to inform you that arrangements have been made for the mails to leave on Wednesdays and Saturdays. Aifeed HEATH-Secretary." . We have received a number of Once a. Week late Saturday Night) published by Mr Cargeeg. The number contains some excellent stories besides a vast amount ofinformation, and it will be the means of sflording hours of : pleasure to many, an one during the long winter evenings As its name indicates it is issued " Once a ?Weet" at the low price of. 3d. In next VreekV number commences Frank H;: StaufFer's latest and best stoiy "Barbara Kromer," or. " All .because ehe was poor/' . We Are glad toiearnthat the Iras tees of the Kadina Wesley&n; Church have secured the ser vices for Sunday next of the Rev: Dr Kelynaok of Sydney. The rev. gentleman has gained the re putation of being one of the greatest orators of Aus tralia. He has during the last few dayB lectured on several occasions in the city to immense audi t uces, and the .reports of tbe Press indicate that for gracefulness and dignity of language, for' aptness of illustration, and*condensation of matter the rev. Doctor fairly «tands foremost amongst Australian speakers. The lecture announced for Monday is-" The old home '? and what I saw there," and we have no donbt but that there will be a very large attendance. We would call the special attention of the public of Eadina and Wallaroo Mines to tbe eutertainment which iB to be given in the Odd* fellow's Hall, Kadina, this evening by the members of the Eadina Dramatic Club, assisted by their Orchestra. The proceeds are to be devoted to the relief of Mr Peuno, who was unfortnuale enough to be disabled some time ago through an | accident, losing one stra and his eyesight. It is to be hoped the club will be well supported in their praiseworthy object. As will be observed i the entertainment is under the patronage of His Worshid the Mayor of Kadina (Mr J. J." Christ mas) H. R. Hancock, Esq, J.P., and T. Anthony, Esq, J. P. Mr Bush, the champion scullar of the Clarence Hirer, may notjbe the best eculier in the world, but in point of sound, honest action to further aquatic sport he stands second to no man. In 1874 he was the champion of Australia ; but the sliding seat, introduced by Trickett, bothered him, and he has suffered several defeats since then. Still he keeps pegging away, and knows mere now than he did in 1874. No soouor was the arrival of Laycock announced than down came the Clarence champion and, without rigmarole, offered to make a match ior a level £200. "Pew knew what an amount of trouble ho had, although it was said Lay cock's friends were thick as daisies, before even a verbal agreement was entered into to pull before the date of the Whisky Trophy ' contest. Plainly there is a lot of what may be termed humbug surrounding these aquatic men, too many public- house meetings, and too much hurrahing. Bush came with his money, lost a fortnight of his valuable time, and returned with what may be considered only a semi-satisfactory arrangement after all.-Meddler, Last Tuesday week's Begister, 10th May, afforded a striking instance of the thoughtlessness of some country correspondents in forwarding press telegrams. Un the date above mentioned a telegram from Laura stated that" William Henry Berbeck and Ernest Brentzell, of Laura, fruiterers were arrested this afternoou-the fornier on a charge of horse-stealing, and the latter for receiving the horse, knowing it to have been stolen. They will be brought before the Magristate tomorrow." The news was received with considerable regret and concern by Mr Berbeck's numerous friends in Wallaroo. It turns out that Mr Berbeck was acting in the capacity of assistant bailiff, and as such seized a horse, under what the owner thought illegal conditions, and on these grounds he brought an action against Mr Berbeck for horse stealing. The case against Mr Berbeck was dismissed although tbe horse was returned to its previous owner. In travelling through the Northern Areas, there are few Hundreds which attract the eye more quickly than that of Mundoora. The soil is a rich brown loan easily worked, and in any thing like a good season produces very heavy crops. La*t-yeaT, however, the district in ques tion suffered with others, but the farmers nothing daunted, are hard at work again, large tracks are ploughed, and in all directions the work of seed ing is being pursued. Messrs Bart & Co. are now sending a large parcel of wheat away by rail from the terminus of the Barunga Range railway for shipment at Port Broughton. Adelaide Once a Week says-" At a public dinner, held in this city not long ago, the follow ing amusing incident occurred. The patriotic toasts had been responded to, and the wine was circulating rather freely, when Mr-, a well known medico noted for his fluency of speech, rose to propose a complimentry toast. He had spoken for a few minutes only, when he was annoyed by a wealthy young puppy, with more impudence than intellect, saying :-' Sit down man, you're tight. Sit down man,you're drunk.' Mr ignored these insulting interjections for a time, but at length, losing all patience, addressed the chairman as follows : ' In the hope of avoiding further interruptions, I will admit that I am drunk! yes, gentleman, I repeat, drunk. I hope nevertheless to get over that, by to-morrow morning, but tbe unfortunate gentleman from whom I have experienced so much annoyance is suffering from softening of the brain, and my pro fessional experience teaches me he will never get over that' A good story is going the rounds of the Areas at the present t;me concerning the gallant skip per of a steamer that trades to Port Pirie. On the day of the opening of the Petersburg railway the "shellback" with others was travelling with the Ministerial party m order to be present at the banquet at Crystal Brook in the evening. But although all shared alike as far as the riding was concerned, it was found that when the time for replenishing the inner-man arrived things were far different. A luncheon had been ordered for tbe Government portion of the party at Peters burg, and as the accommodation afforded was not without limit, the others were placed in the un fortunate position of the eleventh pig, whose mother had only ten teats-namely, had to Bit and look on. A Wag of the party, however, within the hearing of the landlord, expressed his surprise that all the other members of the Ministry should be thus entertained while the Commissioner of Public Works (our seafaring friend) was left out. Boniface at once looked the picture of guilt and remoiee,and in his, then, state of mind it was little wonder that he mistook the portly form of the noble captain for Mr Hawker,and at once, apologised and proceeded to i repair the injury by. insisting upon the Com missioner's going into the banqueting room.'; When once' inside, the result quite bore oat Mr Playfoid's statement: at Crystal Brook, that " e irh change added fresh strength to the Minis try," for the combined effort of those preseat was not sufficient to remove the newly made Commis sioned of PabHc Works. A narrow/ escape from drowning in a fanfr occurred at Kadina, on'Monday, May 16. On the afternoon of that day Kichard Gay, who had been watering his faorees at a tank in a vacant allotment nearly opposite his house, left the backet standing full of water. Mrs Guy was in the act of lifting it, when her little daughter, Mary Martha, aged 4 years and 4 months, in her endeavours to catch the handle of the bucket to assist her mother, stopped on the month of the tank, overbalanced herself and fell into it, striking hpr head on its edge in her fall. Mrs Guy caught hold of the sleere of her dress, bnfc not being able to keep her up, she at once raised the alarm, her cries being heard far and near. A number of men'were thus attracted to the spot, several of whom ran here and there for a ladder One was brought, but on being placed' into the tank (which was ten feet deep, with six feet of water in it), it was found to be too short. Fortunately Mr Christmas (Major of Kadina), who had also heard the cries, and reached the* spot just as those present had discovered that the ! ladder was too short, at once pushed it aside, and jumped in as he Btood, without taking off boots, coat, or even hat, »nd caught hold of the little thing just as she was sinking for the third time. A few *nore seconds and the child would have been past all human aid, -as it would have been a difficult matter to have picked her up from tbe debris lying in the bottom of the tank. So soon as the child was handed out of tbe tank she was conveyed home where Dr Robinson and his assistant (Dr Schmidt) at once applied the usual remedies ia such cases, and brought her to consciousness. Grert credit is due to Mr Christ mas for his promptitute in jumping into the tank m the manner described, as but for his action the child must have perished. On Monday evening, May 16, in the Kadina Hall, Messrs Anson and Mann, assisted by Messrs Haddy andMitcbell.gaveaninteresting'ind instruc tive entertainment to the scholars attending Mr R Wiltshire's school, Wallaroo Mines. Proceeds to go towards tbe Kadina Institute Fund. There was | a very good attendance of juveniles, but the j adult portion of the audience was limited. Mr Anson, before commencing the exhibition, stated that it had been the intention of Mr Mann and him seifto have given this entertainment immediately after that given to the scholars attending the | Kadina school, but circumstances prevented thi3. | He then announced that those who intended competing for the Essay on that eyening's enter* | tamment were to hand the same into the Secre tary of the Institute, signed with a motto ; and to enclose name and motto ia a separate envelope | to Mr R. Willshirej when the essays would be gone over and fairly judged. The stage was tastefully got up by the gentlemen named, Mr Williams kindly lending curtains for the purpose. The views exhibited were varied in character consisting of astronomical, botanical, and zoologi cal, besides photographic views of Bcenes in and around Paris, concluding with several very droll and amusing pictures, which delighted the younger portion of the audience. Mr Anson described each picture as it was shewn in a brief and intelligent manner. Both the young and | old of his audience could profit by his remarks, which in every instance were most appropriate, shewing that he had bestowed great pains in j getting up the descriptive part of the entertain ment- The last picture thrown oa the screen was the photo of Mr R. Willshire, taken by Mr Mitchell, and the children at once called out the name of their schoolmaster. The youngsters, whb were in their seats exactly one hour before the entertainment commenced, conducted them selves in a most orderly manner during tbe j evening. We understand the entertainment will bejrepeated for the benefit .of the scholars atten ding the Kadina School, and their parents at an early date. "Meddler"in the Sydney Mail)%vy%\\-If we want to divert the stream of emigration now setting in towards Canada and the States, we should do away with the old farce of Jectares and agents i we should employ those glowing writers who con tribute to the penny prints, and let them paint highly coloured pictures of the colonies. What would not euch a sketch as the following do: "Belinda the Beautiful; or the Squatters Bride. It was a balmy evening in the picturesque capital of the colony of ISTew South Wales, and three charming girls might have been seen leaning gracefully oyer the side of an immigrant shipj that towered alongside the Circular Quay . V Their merry laughter and innocent .{giggles proclaimed them new arrivals, and their beauty riveted the gaze of all beholders. All was fresh to these ardent young creatures; beings who, under the hard conditions of life in tbe old country had been rated as careless for breaking valuable glass and china and slovenly for neglecting to sweep the carpets of their" proud employer. But now a change had come,, and even as they gazed three dashing horsemen .pame galloping down the quay, and as if strnck by magic, halted and looked spell-bound at the lovely trio. The riders were Adolphus Ktzmallowton, Aubrey de Hocheimer, and Plantagenet Mountmorris j all rich, handsome, and of good family. They had ridden down to town from their distant stations, hearing that a ship had arrived.; each one anxious to secure a bride to bear back to his home. And now they sat entranced oh their .horses, motionless and awe-struck j and the girls too, they blushed, and said, ' O' Hemma, do look, ' Don't pinch, Belinda 1 ' . Lord, Susan, how you giggles 2' And then-as if moved by a sudden impulse, made a simultaneous rush for the cook's galley. * I first,*-shouted Plantage net Mountmorris, as, leaving his thorough-bred horse to look after itself, he rushed up to the gangway, and the next moment was kneeling at the feet of Belinda the beautiful . . . There were three marriages in the cathedral,,aid although the largest sized wedding rings' ^ad' to . be procured, all envied the proud and happy groomb. Twelve months afterwards, to see Belinda, clad in costly silk sweeping through bee elegant town house, no one could have believed that this vas Belinda, who swept carpets and ? washed plates; and who now entertained as kmd of humble companion her former miBtresB. But such are the changes that, a few months in" the colonies bring about J!" There, I am sore that would fetch them in swarms ! The following sad particulars in connection 1 with the Kennedys is from the Register's London correspondent's letter:-*. I beheve'that Australia like,every other part of the world where Scotch men congregate, has been visited by these Scotch m nsirels. You will be prepared, therefore, : to sympathise with Mr Kennedy in tbe tumble ! calamity he has suffered through the burning of the Opera HouBeatNice. He has lost three children-two daughters and a son-in the fire, and the sliockhas been BO hard npon him (hat he announces he will sot sing again in Scotland fiv eighteen months. Jiast year the family had a Very successfultour in South Africa, and they gave a few concerts in Edinburgh and Glasgow to bring out two of the younger daughters. Kate and Alice had not much more than left school, hut they were promising singers. The two sons, Robert and James, who has travelled most with their father, wished to study for the opera, and it was arranged that the girls should | accompany them to Italy. They began at the Conservatory in Milan, and after spending some time there, the younger son, James, and the two girls proceeded to Nice to place themselves under a master there. All three of them were in the Opera House when it burst into flames, and, being ill-acquainted with the intricate pas sages, they were caught in the crush of the panic-striken crowd, and all perished. Robert was telegraphed for to Milan, "arid went down. I Ere be arrived the bodies had been recovered, and he could recognize them beyond doubt. I They had been suffocated, and were not much I burned. The TCnglish residents at Nice followed them to the grave in the English cemetery I outside, the town,and Robert has returned to I Scotland with all the relics of them he could I save. - I A telegram in yesterday's Advertiser gives thef J following fearful account of a policeman's struggles I with a prisoner:-A dastardly and murderous I asBult was committed near Kingston early this J morning. Trooper Pearce arrested a man named { Robert Johnston on a charge of supplying liquor ] to the blacks. The man proceeded quietly for I about two miles, when he got off his horse and I refused to proceed any further. Trooper Pearce ) dismounted and threatened to put the handcuffs 1 on him, on which the man consented to go quietly. I While Mr Pearce was in the act of remounting 1 Johnston attacked him with a large knife, stabbing 1 him in the back, and while he was in the act of defending himself, the Trooper's hands were hacked so fearfully that he was unable to use bis I revolver. He, however, grappled with the [ miscreant, who then stabbed him in the [abdomen, so that the bowels protruded, in the 1 left breast, the head, arm, and thigh. Pearce fell exhausted, and the man having turned the ] trooper's horse loose and emptied his revolver, I left him to die. Information of the aEsualfcgwas I received here about 11 o'clock, and Pearce was found lying near the road. Sergeant Morris with 1 some residents proceeded to the spot and brought I tbe wounded man to Kingston. Morris, with a black tracker and Peter .Anderson, followed on tbe ) tracks of Johnston, who was riding one and leading I two horses, and they succeeded in capturing him j when he was about fifteen miles on his way, ! proceeding at the t?me towards Millicent through I the scrub. Pearce's deposition was taken this J morning and read over to the prisoner to-night. I Tlie prisoner said nothing. Owing to the I absence of a doc tor at Robe and Kingston some J delay arose in obtaining medical aidj but Dr 1 Gunning, of Narracoorte, arrived by train at 3.30. I It is feared Pearce is dying. Great praise is due J to Sergeant Morris for his promptitude in making I the arrest, his knowledge of the country proving most valu»ble. i A grand entertainment was given in the Wal laroo Institute Hall, on Saturday evening, May 14, by tbe members of the Wallaroo Mines Glee Club and Christy, Minstrels. The affair proved an unqualified success, the Ball being well filled. The proceed ingsopened with an Overture (Zampa played by Messrs Trimnel and GiasBonin good etvle. The Glee Club followed with the well known glee Chough and Crow which was exceed ingly well received, Mr SamL Thomas waB en cored for his rendering of Queen of the Night. Tho Club then sang a Song and Chorus, Don't forget mfe, little darling, Mr T. Rickard's sustain ing the solo. Mr Tj Price also took immensely with " Oh, what a beauty," and had to submit to an encore. Mr Trimnel then played a brilliant Overture (piano) " Iiurline." The Glee Club following with " Hail to. tbe Chief," to which grand glee" they did full justice. Mr Daniel Dunn's splendid bass voice was heard to advant age in " Rocked in the Cradle of the Deep" for the rendering of which he was deservedly ap \- plauded. Mr Pricehfid to submit to another encore after singing the "Awkward Squad." Mr S. Thomas followed with " Moon above me beam, ing." At this juncture the Mayor (Mr Bews) at the request of the Club returned thanks for the liberal support accordedthem by the public of Wallaroo, and stated:. that they had offered to give an entertainment at any time in aid of any charitable or other laudable object. The first part of the programme was brcught to a close by the singing of the ever , welcome glee, " Hail* Smiling Morn," in which they exotPed, if pos sible, their previous efforts. The second part consisted of a. Christy Minstrel entertainment by the same gentlemen, Mr Piper, being Inter locutor ; Mr Parnell, jun., Bones; and Mr Price, JTamho. Although die club has only bew formed for a' short time they have made great progress; and only require a little more strength in the "direction of soloists to bo . first class company. Some of the localhits and jokes we:* very good. The solos which seemed to take best were, "Toll the Bell,""Keep inde middle of the Road," "Come where my Jove lies^ dreaming," and the " Old Kentucky Home.'*1 The whole of the choruses were splendidly ren dered, Messsrs J. Mitchell, (violineello), T. Sic kard, (cornet). Kitnber- and Stocker, (violins), and Trimnel and Glasson, (piano), forming an ex cellent band. Mr R. Casely danced the j'/ jSolden ' Shoe" in character, and was recalled. Thewhole wound apwith a side-splitting go. aheodsmash-up raiiway cxplosion, which fairly brought the house down, and the fumes which escaped from the bomb, used in thfiexplosion* had the effect of clearing the Hall mote speedily than we remetnber to haveheenthe case on any previous occasion. . ? ?' -.* ? - . \ TffB EEfiaaNas 6FrATAis^|^Toadle8kinii is a very sm&Ilman; iwfee^^tithe add be neverminded it at all until his three boys grefeL^j^to and ,id yppt;4own"tijeir to fft-'fami- And thea fce?«a1d lie did get mad. t . . '7 * A SSN always knows the roan who robs hef I ne8tt for she is always laying for him. 