T?E STG?Y-TflLLEB . Gilt and Gold. , CHAPTERV. EN ROUTE FOR TI'H -tUSICAL UNION. ANOTHER bond of union, early dis covered, and as strong as any, was especially between Ivy and their ten ant-a mutual passionate love of -music, and high culture in the divine art. Archie was very fond of music, but had neither thle musical gift nor the same temperament which they had. "A pair of mad enthusiasts," he said, merrily. "I believe you haunt all the classical concerts, Lorraine; and Ivy, I know, does, whenever she can. She is quite independent, I as-' sure you; and if I cannot accompany her, which is seldom, she takes her self off alone." " Quite right,2' answered Dr. Lor raine, smiling, as he met Ivy's glance, for they had met him as he came into the hall, hat in hand; and Archie added "Are you offto.some terribly severe concert now ?" It was a Tuesday, somewhere-about two o'clock. "I think your. sister can guess. I am e:. route for the Musical Union, to which I am an old subscriber, though I have been abroad so much more than here. Are you disengaged this after noon, Miss Delamere ?" " Yes, " she answered at once. '" Why ? .Is there anything I can de for you ?" lie smiled, and said, :in his simple, sweetly-grave way "' Will you coinme with me ?" "With you-to the-oh, Dr. Lor raino, how good you are!" And the beautiful face flushed with pleasure, and the bright eyes sparkled pke diamonds. ," But you are starting. I-" " My dear child, I was-only going to walk over the park first; but a hansom from here -wil~ £o:usl down in no time... Dries at lguir6, there is no hurry .whatev.er,. i'nd the plea. sure is thine." '"I don't think-so," saidDolamere, as his? aister sprang upstairs. :" She has not been much to the Musical Union the last three years, and your kindness is doubly welcome. She won't be ten minutes. I must be offl so good-bye.' Vernon Lorraine turned back into his own drawing-room, and, opening the piano-that dear friend that never fails to respond to the loving, tender touch-his slender fingers strayed in to one of Chopin's most'pathetic, most m'elancholy Nocturnes, until a soft little hand touched his shoulder light ly, and in a low voice said, tremulous ly, at his side- "I wish I could play as'equisitely as you do." He dropped his hands and looked up; then rose. S" Thank you; but I can never satisfy myself. How quick you have .-been !" '~' Have I? I am never long chlang ing my dressi; and I should have been so sorry to deprive'-you of your in tended walk across the park. Why do you smile so oddly, Dr. Lorraine?" "Do I ?"" The sweet, half- amused, benignant smile deepened. . "I was thinking that the walk might be fifty timeabthe pleasure with your young, bright companionship, instead of my own thoughts.", In her quick sympathy, and innocent surprise and pleasure, she put her hand impulsively on his. "Will it, really ! I am so glad -that I ean ever give you any pleas Ure!" ' Through that touch hervoice thrilled e?very chord of his being. ehe never ilreamed how the picture of her, stand ing in the bow window, with the ray of seulight on her golden lhead, and earnest, shining eyes upliftod to his, was stamped on his memory. She never imagined what held him so Lilont and grave till they had enterod the park, from which Wayland Ter. race was not very far ; and then, as they turned.to cross towards the Gros venor (iate, lie said, quietly " Your brother says you do not often go to the Musical Union ?" "No; I used to subscribe to that and the Philharmonic and Crystal Palace Conceits, you know, before and after we came from travelling-Archie and I. Then he-married, and I went to finish studying at Leipzig, until," she hesitated, "we lost poor Rose four years ago." ?' Where was that? In England ?" asked Dr. Lorraine, quietly. "Yes; they lived at home-father's, I mean; and I came back when she was taken ill. Archie took No. 9, after her death, of Mr. Carleton. We don't know who our actual landlord is. You see, Dr. Lorraine, we never dreamed that father had been invest ing his money in some horrible mine, until he died three years ago." " And then ?" " There was not much left for Archie. So you see, Dr. Lorraine," she added, in her sweet, bright tone, " that it was lucky he had started in some definite line." " He was wise. And since then, you drpped your subscriptions ?" " Oh, of course. I could trot off to thil ' gods,' you know, instead of the stalls, and be just as happy, and hear botter, perhaps. Shillings are easier than half-guineas now," she added, laughingly. *' You are a good child," said Lor ruine, gravely; " and I think your brother appreciates you." " Oh, please don't," said Ivy, col ouring; "and you must not believe all he says of me." " I don't; I believe my own obser vations," was the quiet answer. " I suppose you knew a great many people when you were wealthy ? " " What, Dr. Lorraine, you cynical !" said sancy Ivy, laughing. He looked down on the winsome face and smiled. " I hope not, my dear; but we live in this world, and know, that if prosperity makes friends, soi-disant adversity not only tries but scatters the same." '*I kpow; and so it did," she answered; "though, personally, Archie and Idid not know many people in London, because, like yourself, we had been so much abroad; and thus his favourite pursuits, when he did settle down, did not run in a society direction. Of course you know Paris well ?" " I studied medicine there when I was quite young;" and she noticed a slight shadow cross the handsome face.; "and I was there again, at the time I was summoned to my elder brother's death-bed-from a death bed. A strange and painful one," added the physician, after a slight pause. "I was young in my profes sion then; but looking back, by the light of later experience, I think still more that it was a very odd case. I remimber remarking to the mAitre d'h8tel, and in England there would have been a post-mortem examina tion." " Was it a- sudden death, then ?" asked Ivy Delamore. "Well, M. de Melrode-that was the name-was only ill a few days," Dr. Lorraine answered. " He was blind, and was shortly to have under gone an operation, when I happened to locate myself for a short while at the same hotel. His wife I never saw, for she had gone to Calais the day before I arrived. He had a friend with him, a M. Camille Du ponter, whom, en passant, I never liked, though I only saw very little of him, and that never in the full blaze of light, which poor Melrode's eyes could not bear, so that, perhaps, it was an unreasoniable prejudice, such as young people are sometimes apt to take." "Still," xemarked Ivy,." your high sense of justico, and your, I believe, unerring instinct-fine, I am sure, as a: woman's-are at war." "'Proecisely so, Miss Delamere; and at times I recall that case-the first I ever had of h death-with regret that I was forced to leave Parie so imme diately." "You were called in, then ?" "Yes, by the hite, for M. de Mel rode was taken ill in the night with one of those terrible palpitations and swoons which belong to one of the many forms of heart- disease-to all, more or less, indeed." " It was heart disease, then ?" " Well, the man had led a dissi pated lifoe; the merest tyro could see that; he had undermined his consti tution, and to that owed both the blindness and weakness--porhaps in sidious disease 'of the heart. That t~at existed I had not then, or now, tho least doubt, and 1 gave a certifi cate to that purport at the time. Dupontet told me that his friend had been awaiting the operation with the most aibsorbing anxiety anld appre hension, working himself almoat into a fever of hope and despair, which would certainly be dangerously likely to accelerate the disease to a fatal point." "'You thought so, then, Dr. Lor raine ?" "I did, I am sorry that my want of experience did not enable nme to see deeper. Neither did he appear to be in danger until the very night he died, so that my suggestion to call in other aid was negatived by both himself and Dupontet; and the wife, apprised by Dupontet of the matter, telegraphed to him that sheo was ill herself, but would return directly she could." "An odd wife," said Ivy, drily. " So I thought, but it was not my business. M. de Melrodo had been better all the YWednesday, and I had left him for the night, asleep, Dutjon tot promising to sit up. I was to leave by the first morning train for Calais. At one o'clock Dupontot summoned me in the greatest alarm, and, at my absolute order, sent off for another medical man, who eame at or ce; but all our oefforts wore fruitless. M?trode never spoke intelligibly, and died be fore throe o'clock, As my remark im plied, the rapid march and fatal end of the disease struck me even then young as I was to the profession; but the knowledge of later years and study has, in recalling various symptoms and trifles, which then seemed all eon sistont, made me think the case a strange one." "You mean more than your sense of justice will put into words ?" said Ivy. "Perhaps, my dear child; a word spoken cannot be recalled, however mistaken and mischievous it may be; but our thoughts are our own. If mine wrong either the dead or the living, God forgive me." "Was it very long ago?" Ivy asked, after a pause. " Fifteen years." As he answered that, they reached the Grosvenor Gate, and Vernon Lor raine lifted his hand to a passing han som, gave the order "to 8. James's Hall," and they wero off. In a few minutes they alighted at the aall, and the delighted cabby received a two-shilling piece instead of one. "Thank ye, sir; want a cab home, sir, when thle concert's hover ?" "Certainly, my friend, if you are here at five. I see your number.'" "I'll be here. sir; I shall know you and the young lady agin." As they turned to cross the pave ment, a lady came past so close, and looking towards the shops, that Lor raine had to give back a step, with a courteous "A thousand pardons, madam," though he was not in fault. At the sound of his voice the lady turned sharply with a violent start, and looked up in the fine face over; which, in that moment, there passed an expression Ivy had never yet seen there-cold, stern, haughty; then he drew her aside, and passed across into the building; remarking, quietly, that they were just in the right time, five minutes before the quarter past three. But the lady stood on the pavement for a few minutes as if stunned, till after the two forms had disappeared, and then with a fierce muttered "Diable! what is she to him?" she turned and addressed the policeman quickly-with a decided French ac cent. " What is going on in there ?" " A concert, ma'am; the Musical Union." "Is that where those people have gone ?" " Yos, ma'am." Bobby pointed like a machine towards the door at the head of the steps into the lobby. " Straight up-pay at the table by the barrier." She never asked the price of admis sion, but went up ; the boy at the top opened the door, with the invariable "Lady's room to the right;" but she crossed to the table placed, as usual for these matindes, by the barrier at the foot of the grand staircase. " A ticket, please, for the concert. What is to pay ?" she said. " Visitors' tickets, ma'am, are seven-and-sixpence; but visitors can only be taken in by a member-a sub scriber. You can obtain a ticket lthrough a member." " But," she flushed with anger, "do you mean that I cannot pay here like at any other place ?" " Yes, madam. The Musical Union is a private society--'" A sudden thought struck her. " Then you have a list of the mem bers, and their addresses ?" " Certainly we have, madam." " Voyez-vous ! did you see that tall gentleman who passed in just now, with a young lady all in black velvet, and a white plumed hat ?" "Oh yes, madam,"-the man could hardly repress a sadile; " that gentleman is a very old member, and always comes when he is in ntgland." " He is an old friend of m.ine," said the lady, " and I am most anxiousto findout his address-Dr. Vernon Lorraine-can you give it me ?" "I have not got any list here, madam; but," politely handing her one of the programmes, "' if you will address your inquiry to Pro fessor Ella, enclosing a stamped on velope, you will receive, no doubt, the information you require." " Thank you; then you will not let me pass? I would pay a guinea willingly." "I could not, madam, if you paid toen guineas," answered the attendant, with an air of respectful boredom. The lady turned away, and passed slowly out. A gentleman, a woll known artist, who was coming in with a friend) looked after her, and said, " Did you notice that lady ? I have seen, especially in the East, people who move like a serpent, but I never before saw a woman whose move ments so remind me of a panthor, or tiger-eat, stealing on its prey." 80 it struck even a passing stranger, this woman with the panther move. monte and panther natehro. CHAPTER VI. AN INVITATION Neither during the nmatine nor the drive home did Vernon Lorraine make the least allusion to the stranger, and of course Ivy Delamore dlid not. \Whatever or whoever she was, or in whatever manner he had know her, the girl felt that it was inno way a pleasant reminisconco. Indeod, plainly to her keeoon symlvathy, some very bitter and painful ghost of the past. If his whole soul turned to helr yet the more, in the most intense re lief in the contrast she was to all that ghost of memory revived so vividly, Ivy knew nothing of that. She only felt so grieved that he was pained by anything beyond her power to soften, as she thought, and how little sheshould like to be the cause of calling such a look as she had seen into those hazrl eyes and noble face. " How fast tile time flies," said Dr. Lorraine, as they reached Way. land Terrace ; " this season will soon draw to a close. Next Tuesday is the Grand Maltinde, the last of the Musical Union. You must not miss the noble Septets, Miss Delamero. If you will once more kindly repeat the inconceivable pleasure you have given me to-day-" " Oh, Dr. Lorraine, how can you ? You quite reverse the obligation !" exclaimed Ivy. "It is too kind to trouble yourself with me once." Oh, Ivy, Ivy !-wise as the serpent, but harmless as the dover; guileless as Nathaniel to thine own beauty and power- surely, if thine eyes had but seen the look in those deep hazel orbs, so instantly veiled beneath the long lashes, thy very womanhood must have read the truth of his words, spoken so quietly, so gravely. " If," he said, with that deep, yet half-amused smile, which had such beauty in it, "I did not care for one note of music, it would give me keenest pleasure just to sit by and see your enjoyment." He handed her out, dismissed the cab, and, as he opened the door with his latch.key, added " So, my dear, I shall constder you engaged to me for next Tuesday." "Only, then, on one condition," said Ivy, laying a detaining, half sauncy little hand on his arm; " you must dine with us to-day, and we can have some music." " Mly child, you tempt me sorely, but-" T'here are some few men by whom a thoroughly true-hearted woman feels, by subtle instinct-not in any written lexicon in words-that frank ness and innocent freedom will never be misinterpreted; and Vernon Lor raine was eminently'one of these. Ivy's finger was on the softly-mous tached lips in a moment. "Arrdtez.vous Id, monsieur ! Hold the words unspoken. You have an hour's grace nearly, and then, if you do not appear in my drawing-room, I shall have to fetch you." And she ran off to the study at tihe end of the hall, catching her studious brother in a brown studJ. "What are you pondering so deep ly, Archie boy ?" said the girl bending to kiss him. "I was thinking, I hardly know why, of young Cyril Wentworth, our Rose's cousin. You remember him ?" " Of course; a jolly lad, about my age. HTo was up last year, and went to travel." "I met his aunt to-day. He is com ing home soon, so I suppose he'll turn up hero, if we're not gone " "Whore did you think of going, dear Archie ?" " Well, what do you say to Toign mouth ?" "Oh, that will be a beautiful place; and we have never been there to stop yet.'" "Thnou, we'll decide on Teignmouth, dear.'" Ivy stood tapping her foot on the carpet a minute, and then said " I've actually made our enigma promise to dine with us to-day, Archio; but, I'm afraid, an incorrigible enigma ho'll remain to the end of the chapter -unsolved. He spoils the children, and is very much attracted by you; but coaxed out anywhere he won't be; but i'11 do him yet, 1 should lilke to get him into the very heart of a ball room." " You won't do that, ma'amoiselle, impudent as yea are to him." "AmI? lie is so good he doesn't mind. I wonder what he is going to do with himself this Autumn--not mope in town, surely, Archie ?" " Well," said Archie, perfectly well knowing what was coming. " Wouldn't you ask him to go with us, Archie? I am sure he would be quite an acquisition for all of us; and 1 do fool so for his lonoliness, poorsoli- i tary man ! I'm sure his life has never booeen happy." "Oh, Ivy, Ivy, you true woman ! Well, darling, I will ask him after dinner when you retire to the draw ing-room to make the tea; or rather -you are the mistress-ask him your self, bonnibol." " So I will," exclaimed Ivy, danc ing off to dress for dinner; " the battle is won." Dr. Lorraine himself gave her the opening unconsciously during the evening, by asking when they would got away from town, as he thought Delamero looked fagged. "Inthe beginuing of August," answered Ivy, promptly ; " while his pupils are away. And we think of Toignmouth-it is pretty, isn't it ? for five or six weooeks." " I believe it is. I have never booeen in Toignmouth, but I should think your choice good." "I am glad you think so "-how wickedly demure she looked,--'" be cause you are coming with us, Dr. Lorraine. You will only go away by yourself, to be unsociable, in an out-of-the-way place," " I-go with you all !" The true look of utter surprise- almost incre dulity-pained her intensely. " You cannot-you are too kind, Miss Dela mereo; but I should be one too rany. I am better by myself, child." " Pazzio I" said she, laying her soft hand lightly on his for a second ; " you may be other people's physi cian, but you must leot me be yours this time. 'People are not borne to live alone, and we want you. I will take no refusal unless you can pluead another engagoenent." " I-how should I? No one ever carod-" H-I paused, and bit hIis lip under his moustache. " No, I have no engagemneut, but-" " But, but,-I hate ' but's' and Sif's,' " said Ivy, imperiously, The physician turned suddenly. " Child, do you and your brother there really wish me to join you ? 1s it possible that you really care for my comppany--mflile ." " Yours, Lorraine, more than that of any living man I ever know," said Archio, for Ivy was too deeply touch ed and pained to at once'answer a question which so sorrowfully betray ed the sad, great want of this man's life. " I wish you would let us see more of you here at home." " And as to the case in point," added Ivy, with that winning smile and manner which few people-cor tainly few men-could have resisted ; "I consider that as a settled matter. ." You are too kind to take such pity on a friendless, lonely man, who will only be in the way, and destroy your privacy." "No, you won't; besides, we have been too much abroad-if we even cared-to have much of that extreme hominess of the English. And when we find you in the way, we'll give you your congd. Iris all settled. You know you cannot refuse me." 1 cannot, indeed," said Vernon Lorraine, smiling down on the beaUti ful face; and it seemed to him again as if the sunbeam was falling on it, as he had first seen it-an ineffaceable almemory. And July passed into the first of August, but Ivy saw no more of the woman with the still unfaded gipsy beauty and panther-like movements; knew nothing of the letter which came to Vernon Lorraine, only signed by initials, dated from a post office, and by him simply returned, with the stern endorsement-" Your hand cast the die eighteen years ago; all is pasnt for ever." The third of August they left town. A week later a lay called, and asked for Dr. Lorraine. He was away with Profescor Delemere. " Where, please ?" The cook gave the address at Teign mouth, and the lady went away. (To be continued.) 