Itnlli ISilllelins. (By Bullillian.J The Progress' Committee has got info' harness, and appears to work woll. No signs of sore shoulders. Mr. Seato'n' has arrived amongst lis again, apparently in tip-top condition. Road authorities have commenced rrieddling with our main thoroughfare here. I s'poso metal ling will follow the meddling. M'Phee's sale turned out a grand success. There cotild not have b'eeii less than something under 1000 persons nit 1 ii'nClieon'-tinie.- 'Marty happy returns of tho day.' It is not true that tlie' iiiin'ers Here are going in' for a Wednesday half-holiday system. They think it is ' not for Charley.' On Sunday night, a fiionster irt tlie shape of a turtle was Seert navigating Flanagan's Creek, and the inhabitants tfere greatly scared iii c'o'tispquence'. Butchers out our way say that c'attlo are going rip', bitt that does not mean in weight. Great talk hero about the blackfellow who' tfent to' see tlie Princes. People hope he won't come homo without his blanket. No coal land has been selected here within the last few days, bitt it is expected that business will be brisker in that line' Alien the pufling billy comes along. , . . A bottle of Queen of NatioWs brandy was picked lip on the beach a few days ago by myself, but it was spoiled with salt water. What a dell — to mo 1 If it is true that we aro to have a ne\» boot and shoe establishment liere, it will bo nothing but a tight fit and how's your poor feet? How mistakes Will be made. We always tliotight that School Lane was iii North Illawarra. Now it appears that the real school Lane is in Wollongong. Undertakers here Srn talking about soiling off. Business in their line is dull, and they don't care about advertising or sending oiit crttifa83ing agents. People here are beginning to think ought to have a road to Coal-Cliff before the making of 0(13 on tho other side. I think so too. . Sevofal land- sharks havo been noticed about our shores lately,- but they don't appear to take the bait freely. Our new C. jj. minister has arrived, and I Hope he will prove the right mart in tho right place. . Can it be possible, an reported, that all the iron for the Illawarra railway is to bo supplied by tho now iron works at Motint Pleasant ? Considering that last Saturday niglit tvaa pay night with 11s, it passed off respectably. Hoard of only one good man going wrong by mistaking his neighbour's house for his own; but it wouldn't wash. Whaling hasn't paid this winter at Bulli. Strenuous efforts were mode here the other night' to sing ' The anchor is weighed.' A ball which took place here on Saturday night passed off without a hitch, although the ran,,, '' thickly populated for a time. Th, „ ' 'il? dancing were all that could be desired. 1 Although Iho peoplo of this city are vcrvnrw; 1 they Object, to lie looked upon as B°Cm1' Ijcllambi I unit 13 considered hero ll)f, l,0,, „i for a quarantine stadou, should suinl|.p„x ' P ™ call. 1 here would be some chance 1 lime of n refresher floating m from the Queen of N„ij,ltl, _ J ho Soldiers J.,j i« i]ie. most fosb i. .nahlri drink here, now that the weather is ,2 wanner. owning Monti tain Mick is going about again, sin-ii,^, usual, I am afloat.' ' ' 0 5 Ghost or no gli„st.. something of that rfoicription was seen about 12 o'clock o,i Satnnh.y ,K emerging from one of the culverts on slsu-k PI , ' Hill 'i1 l'1''!'' al,T'ilC,'e'1' !t fw Hi ? ? Hill but dropped a paper full of mi„ce 'y Which was picked up by a following do... ' There ia a long time since a watches tiirido hero (in a crowd). uo A large mob ofcattlo passed through PSiilli n faw days ago, evidently f„- the gallows, as tliey were followed by their executioners. As wo are thankful for small met-cins, we would be very glad if i„ jnstid: t„ „a ,|)0 Ajj ? , of Justice would give us a Small Del.ta Court. Our City Health Officer's latest reports are verv satisfactory. ' Thu Northerners aro lookirig out for their rail: way, aiid so aro the Southerners; hut don't U them take away onr railway snn'eyofo' as tliev have done of lato. Let na grumble 1 ,,No wonder tho Princes woiildn't go fo Sm Zealand when they saw the programme premred for their reception. First part, qniirantiiieisecoinl part; vaccination. A. man was so tipsy here on Friday ttyit. {fires' iiiore chap's got giddy looking at him. They must havo been abstainers. The man who picked lip tlio half-sovoreiVti 6if tlio Bulli Mountain shouldn't have reported the discovery of gold at tho Lodden. There is plenty room here now for a tailor, !,!){ ho must be able to gfinraiitee good tits, as the Qneon of Nations garnieiits have shrunk verv much and lost all shape. A Highland gathering in' Costume is to talse p'lnce 011 tho Bulli Mountain wheti the weather gets a little warmer. It is iiot tnie that our vilfag'o blacksmith has boon speaking to tlio Minister for Works about the contract for locomotives tor the illriwat ra Uail wa.y, hut lie is to keep an eye on the tendering. It's wrong to' think that all men coiiueMed with a coal mine are . black. Tho very iios's at one of tlie pits here is White ; and its said that tho JIuunt Keira boss is Greoii. 