THE CONNECTING AILW'AY. UNDER this heading the .lfaitland Mer cury of Saturday last deals. with the statistics quoted by the Mayor of New castle during his interview with Mr. LACKEY, in favour of the junction of the railway to Sydney being at Waratah. The article commences with the introducteon of the somewhat musty platitude that statistics can be made to prove anything, and that M?r. CREER, as a manipulator of figures, has proved the correctness of the previous deputation instead of that of his own. After a careful examination of the statistics used by both deputations, we are clearly of opinion that Mr. CREEK's figures unmistakeably shew that the junction should be at Waratab, The first thing complained of by the writer in the Mercury is that Mr. CREEK has unjustly credited Mr. DRUN.KER with increasing the " distance between the North and Sydney." Mr. BvuNsKER says the extra distance via Waratah is nineteen miles, but Mr. OIEEIR states that it is only eleven. We have before us the Parliamentary documents termed "Railway Proposals," which were laid upon the table of the Assembly at the time M'r. LACKEY pro posed the Railway Loan Estimates. From these we find that the actual distance of line to be constructed from Homebush to Waratah, to be 941 miles, and from Homebush to East Maitland 97. miles. The printed rail way time-table states the distance from Waratah to East Maitland to be 14 miles. Thus the distance from Waratah to Homebush being three miles shorter than that from East Maitland to Homeba-h, and fourteen miles being the distance from East Maitland to Wraratah, if we substract three from fourteen we have eleven, the exact distance quoted by Mr. COEER. The Mierczry has evidently overlooked the column containing these figures, and has quoted from the column containing the through dis tauces from Singleton to Homebush. Surely the best and most simple mode of arriving at the corruct distance is to deal with the two points at issue, namely, Waratah and East Maitland, as both terminate at Homebush. Fingleton is out of the running alto getlher, and this is proved by the alacrity with which so many of the Northern members joined in the East Maitland deputation, fooling, as they must have done, that Singleton had not the ghost of a chance. Of course it was only right for Mr. LAcKEY to refer in his report to the distances from Singleton and other places on the line, feom the fact that certain surveys had been made in accordance with the wishes of sundry deputations, but as Singleton was not oeven mentioned as a junction in the proposition made by the Ministry, surely it is best to deal with the actual points at which the junction is likely to be constructed, than with others that are ignored. These are stubborn facts no doubt, and possibly unplea sant, but there is very little of the "little cattle" element about them, as they are perfectly manageable if carefullyscrutinised. The next complaint is the compari son made by Mr. CREER of the value of the produce of the. Newcastle dis trict, compared with that of the dis trict extending from East Maitland to Armidale. Surely it was quite as justifiable for Mr. CuE?R to use the products, coal and copper shipped only from this district, as it was for Mir. J3RUNmtEL to quote on the otherhand, the produce of the whole ofthe Northern and part of Queensland districts. It is not likely that the whole of the produce referred to in either case will pass over the line, hut it is more than probable, that a greater proportion will go from Newcastle to the metropolis than will go from beyond Maitlaind, particularly as we know that the Waratah-Home bush line passes over a bed of coal for nearly the whole of the distance, thus causing eventnall?' immense quantities of our staple to be sent to market. With regard to population, although the comparison (or contrast as our con t?omporaiy is pleased to term it, com parisons being always "ojus") may not be pleasant in the eyes of the good people northward, yet it is an estab lished fact, that the increase of New castle and district during the last ten years, has been greater than that of any other district in the colony. Judging then of the future by the past, we think no better argument could be found for the propriety of the junction being at Waratah. If the two Mait lands, or any other area of a similar extent with Northumberland could put forth a similar claim as to population, it would have equal right to consideration. We must dispute the assertion that "the population above Maitland are those which chiefly throng the steamers to Sydney." If the writer were a resident of Newcastle he wnuld know by experience and observation that throughout the year the Newcastle district supplies four passengers to every one that is brought by the Northern Line. The allusion to the mileage earnings of the railway above and below New castle,.is.. considered by thea.writer as not pertinent to the issue. We think, however, that the Government cannot shut their eyes to the fact that the earnings below Maitland are £5812 per mile, while those above it, from Maitland northwards, are but £807; nor can it be denied that this fact should have great weight with them in determining the points of junction. With regard to the query, "who made Mr. CREER a ruler and judge over the action of the M.L.A.'s who accom panied Mr. BRUNKER on the Forlorn Hope deputation?" it may only be necessary to state that not Mr. CREER or the citizens of Northumberland only are the judges in such a case, but the elec tors at large, who alone have an un doubted right "to exercise an opinion." Does not the remarks of our con temporary, " the unusualness of such a congregation give it special weight," favour the view taken by Messrs. CHEER and WALLACE, viz., that it savoured of intimidation? We agree with the Newcastle deputation that the Minister's room was not the proper place for members of Parlia ment to let the Ministry know " that the Government scheme was not the best and wisest, and that if it stood alone, they would be impelled to oppose it." 