SHUFFLING OFF. Thb Forrest Amateur Dramatio Associa tion, of Philadelphia, was playing 'Venloe Preserved.' J. Z. Littlo and a young man named, I think, White, assumed tbe parts of Pierre arid Jaffler. In the laat scone, where both the oonBpirators die, Little had to' Rive up the ghost firat, whlon ne am 10 the great satisfaction of the groundlings, staggering all over the plaoe, and giving convulsive gasps, eto., taking oare, however, to givo his last kiok in the exact oentre of the stago. Tho other tragedian then oommenoed hia go-aa-you-pleaee walk around preparatory to shuffling off. It seems that ho alBO bad made calculations to die on tbia deBirable spot, and, finding himBelt baulked in this, he determined to fall as near the oantre as poBsiblo. Aa the ^ oircle of White's staggering beoame smaller. i - Little beoame visibly nneBBy. Ho bore it W / manfully, however, nntil White began to totter as if ready to drop. Then his courage left bim, and, casting aBide every regard for appearances, he oleptrified the audienoo by Bitting p suddenly and orawnng nearer «j the wing', when he again laid himself out. Tho other inoident ooourred at M'Vioker'a Theatre, Chicago, in those good old days when stook oompaniea flourished, and the bill was ohangod weekly. This necessitated a great deal of studying and hastilygotten up oostumes. I don't remembor muoh about the plot of the play, except tbat a vonng girl, in love with tho horo, disguised herself as a page, in order to ioiiow mm in o m;'», where she is slain. On the first night Manager M'Vioker, who waa and ia very particular about matter' of dress, discovered that the young woman who took the part of the page had slippers on. 'Don't you know any better than to wear slippers on a fiold of battle ?' ho demanded. She timidly replied that ' she had had neither time nor money to get boots on Buch short notioe.' 'Well, said M'Vioker, 'yon muat borrow a pair, or do something, for I certainly shall not allow you to go on in those slippers.' The poor girl was in despair, until the good-natured leading - man, seeing her distress, tendend her the loan of a pair of top-bcots, an offer which she gladly accepted, in lieu o£ nothing bettor. They were rather large, to be sure, but ehe managed to navigate in them pretty well, and tb'ingB went on smoothly until the scene ol her death. While she is lying dead on the battle-field the hero and his servant meander in, and, discovering who she is, the former delivers a touching eulogy over her remains, and then orders his servant to take her off, whilo he in dulges in an effective soliloquy a la tho melancholy Dane. Ab the man dragged her off by tho arm-pits, the .poor page found that in spite of hor frantia efforts to keep them on, sho was slowly and surely being pulled ont of her boots. The man kept on pulling, however, until he had ber in the wings, end the big boots were left on the stage with the dis consolate hero. Imagino his fealings! especially wben a email voice from tho gallery piped out, ' She left them for re membrances.'! While I have been writing this 'ower true tale,' an amusing story, related to me by an old retired actor, ocours to me. Though it didn't take plaoe '.fath- Hioeno exaotly, still it was very f /, fc y'sung utility man was oast fot. '-V . of a Boman soldier, who rushes.in iriridunao th»t ' all ia lost, the oitader hits' -been ' taken,' etc., eto. Thinking his youth and smooth faoe did not look soldierly enough, he determined to wear a heavy moustache atod' wig. Acoordlngly when the night came Johnny stood L. U. E,, ' readyjo spring on atihisoue, in brave array. A fierce blaok mouBtache shading hia upper lip, hiB wig surmounted by one of those .fluted tin helmets, and in his gallant right ' hand he held a spear. At laat his one A' was given, and he rushed on. Ho came on with such a' bounoe, however, that his wig and helmet slipped back, exposing his light short hair underneath. He hastily clapped .bis band to his head, and held on his cake ,pan helmet, while he began his announce ment. Horror! One side of his mous tache, which, fastened with springs in' the nostrils, had become loosened, and fell across , his mouth. ; he pushed it up and again essayed to speak, and again it fell aorqss hia mouth. In the desperation of des- ? pair, he frantically . pulled the thing off and threw it' in. the wingB, and, after giving his lines, .made his ignominious exit, still clutching ^hia helmet, in an agony of mor tification.— Veto York, Nym Crinkle's Paper. ' I 