INTERCOLONIAL NEW SOUTH WALES. ("From onr own Correspondent.] Sydney, December 14. The business of both Houses of Parliament proceed* space. In the Assembly Monday has been taken as ah extra day with a view to harry through certain menurea, the consideration of which has ooeupled a large amount of time. The quiet paoe of the Oonn'oil has also been very perceptibly qntokened, and oar venerable senators, under the press are pnt upon them, have laid aside the old oftzm earn d'gnitate mood for one that is brisker and more energetic. This re*nit has been brought about partly by a desire to close the aeasien this year, bat mainly with the view of eleetiog the coarse for the Premier to get awsy by the next Ban Francisco boat on a six months' to or. That Sir Henry has well earned a brief repose will not be denied even by bis bitterest opponents. The labour of carrying through snoh a measure as the Licensing Bill has been no small matter, and in dealing with thoee who antagonized the mess ore- some from a regard to vested interests, others who carped and quibbled over it from sheer vexations opposi tion, and yet others who wanted it to embody the advanced views of the advanced guard of Template and teetotallers—the pilot of the measure has needed all' his wit and all his resolution. In addition to the debating power which this required in the Heme there was the administrative work o! the Colonial Secretary's Department to be got through, and both com bined have helped to bring down the strength of the Premier, and to make it an absolute necessity that he ehonld. have rest. The irri tating tactics of some members of the Opposi tion are very pitiable, tending as they do, by prolonging the session, to jeopardize some meat important measures, and to pat in peril the Premier's holiday. I do not think, how ever, they will be enceesafnl, for on eome points the Government havedefied the stonewslliog that has been resorted to, and have kept the House sitting until 4 o'clock in the morning and gained their points. A pnblie meeting of the oitizens was held a few days sinoe to deliberate as to what steps ebonld be taken to reocgniae with , becoming grace the Premier's departure. One thing has been definitely decided upon.atd that is to give him a handsome testimonial in the shape of money as an ezpreaaion of the public eetimate of the value of his services as a pnblio man. The amonnt whloh is intended to be raised is £3,000. There has teen some talk about a banquet in connection with the presen tation, bat whether this ides will be carried out, or whether the testimonial will be handed to Sir Henry at a great meeting of the citizens by the Mayor as chief citizen is not yet quite clear. Some of the members of the committee ebarged with the business are among oar most energetic business men, who have a prodigiout estimate of the ability and services of Sir Henry, and a great power of communicating to others the in fection of their own feelings, so that the project is likely to go off with great iclat. , In the disonssion of the Estimates there have been come lively times over certain items. The Immigration vote is one of those stock anbjeots which generally evokes a large amount of talk from sundry gentlemen who regard themselves bb holding a brief in the interests of labour. This year the old, stale, threadbare platitudes were trotted ont with as mnoh vigour as if they were brand-new. To listen to some of these honourable gentlemen yon might well imagine that all the requirements of the colony in the shape of population were met for the present, and that there was a very satisfac tory adjustment between the elaims for labour on the one band and the anpply on the other. How, there is something very ludiorous in the senselessness of this, and something slightly contemptible in the selfishness of this. Here we ere as a community in a state of chronic domeatio disoomfort from the great scarcity of female helps. Almost every other housewife is going about breathing her lamentations and ottering her woe, because the tribe of Bridgets is so scarce that ahe can't get the ghost of one, or because when she gets held of a real lire Bridget she finds that because of the present necessity the mistress hss to help the maid and pay a good round snm for the privi lege. Again, parties requiring skilled labour in tbe various trades are often at their wits' end to know what to do; while the same holds good with referenoe to tbe agricultural and pastoral dirtriots of the interior. And yet, forsooth, oer tain gentlemen in the Assembly will continue to chatter like magpies against being inundated by labour, when the real point of their conten tion is that those who are ont here enjoying their cake shall continue to feast and fatten, while the poor needy ones in the northern country may fight their battle as beet they can, for that evidently is matter of little concern to ■neb. Tnrnifiv from tho theories of interested parties to tbe evidence ot experience oa this point, one thing is very clear: that tbe accessions to our population that have come from this source have greatly improved their own position and have correspondingly bene fited tbe colony. No one to foolish enough to advocate enoh a scale of immigration aa would derange all trades and give such a surplus of labour as the community could not conveniently assiimilate But it the matter be judiciously regulated, the proposed additions to our numbers would be a general gain. Another consideration that makes their opposition to the immigration vote appear the more unreasonable is that we are alienating abont two millions of acres of land per annnm, which represents an enormons sum of money, so tbst tbe appropriation of £75,000 this year for the purpose of inereaslng the population hss abont it the appearanoe of something very modest and becoming. That to one aide of tbe eeconnt. The other aide to that the State to spending considerably more than two millions a year as an employer of labour. Combine both these view* as an argument for the vote, and it will seem eminently reasonable. I suppose it was some enoh an aspeet of the matter as this that raised the ire of Sir Henry against Mr. Ninian Melville, who persisted in resisting the vote after it was clear that a large majority of tbe members were in favour of it. The barking of the hon. mem ber against the matter was so persistent and so irritating that it resembled the petulant and obtrusive bow-wow-wow of some little ear in the face of a great and somewhat long-suffering mastiff. At length, however, the mastiff got np and shook the little cur, whereupon the little our retreated, and tbe business went on. Tbe Licensing Bill hss been before the, Council, and has suffered very little alteration bom the shape in which it left the Assembly. The'licensed victuallers through their friends in the Assembly did their very beat to dismember the measure of some Of its best provisions, pro visions which woe intended to meet some of the crying evils of tbe traffie. Failing to make any appreciable alteration in the Bill in the Lower House, they gave their best efforts to carry their point by an appeal to the Council; but they miscalculated. In the Upper House little was uttered in regard to tbe Bill but terms ■ of congratulation, Sir Alfred Btepben, whose long experience, first ss a Judge and then for so many years as Chief Justice, brought him into painful contact with the abominations of the drink traffic, designating it as one of the most import*tit legislative measure* which had come before Parliament. A* an Illustration of bow things work on this aide the continent in relation to drink, and what grievous oon nqnences flow therefrom, It was stated by one member of tbe Assembly, who is in a position to know ibe tenth of that which be asserts, that be knew one party who had 800 ' booses under bis control, another who had 850, and a third 180, whilst others had smaller numbers. The mode In which the business is managed is this—the brewers secure the lease: of tbe bonees, start the parties occupying them with' their stock-in-trade, and are then masters of the sltnstion. Sir Henry, who aeemed to have an inkling of some little game of the sort, hot who appeared to have no conception of the extent to whiob it obtained, rightly said that he could hardly oonoeive anything more destruc tive to the Interests of society, or more infa mously wrong in itself. The BUI of the Govern ment now appears cafe to become law this session, which is a consummation that wiU be hailed with satisfaction not alone by every fervid temperanoe reformer, but also by every one who vainea theosuse of pubUo moraUty and good coder. Tbe Government had a tough fight a few nights ago over the vote of £4,800, which is the amount they propose to pay to six Stipendiary Magistrates for the metropolitan distriote, or at the rate of £800 a year each. The fight bad gone forward some time before on the principle of the arrangement. When the Metropolitan Magistracy Bill was before the Assembly many of the members chose to regard the introduction of this measure, as an insult to tbe onpaid magistrates. Others, and among them the more reputable members who also exercised magis terial functions, gave expression to their perfeot satisfaction with the measure. The effect of their sentiments was, " Let the gaUed jade go wince, our withers are unwrung." The troth of the matter is this: we have magistrates, and magistrates. Some would do honour to any Beneh in tbe world; others should never have been trusted with tbe honour or respouslbUity of the position. Political haoks, time-servers, popularity- hunters, whose ambition is very great, but whose capacity and character are very small —they have euoeeeded only too well in de monstrating their ntter unfitness for magisterial duty. ' The Dimood licensing case was tbe last of a long series which seemed to gather up into one shocking example the many evils that had received legal sanction by the utterly lax and unprincipled doings of many of our magisterial dignitaries. Borne of these, who ought to havo been suspended loDg ago for their outrageous diiregard of tbe decencies and proprieties of their position, are naturally irate now to find how their wings hare been clipped, and how they have been left, comparatively speaking, hot tbe shadow of a mighty name. Poor fellows! they deserve little commiseration, and they get little. The oonsoious weakness and humiliation of their lot brought them again to the front when the salaries of these Stipendiary Magistrates was before the House. The prin ciple of the question was again gone into, and they threshed sway st it until it became bnt as chaff, which, blown aboot by every wind of vituperation, waa slightly annoying. However, tbe Ministry atuok to their purpose. Com promise was tried end cajolerjr. The candid friend of the Government gave judgment, and the enemy perspired and threatened, but the motto of tbe moment was, no anrrender. The opposing parly tried an attaok in front, a flank movement, and many another dodge, bat all their courage and ail their strategy were in vain, for tbe Miniatry and their friends rowed their iotention to fight the matter out to the bitter end, and so their firmness gained tbe day and carried the vote. A very animated discussion has taken plaoe in both Houses anent tbe Darling Harbour land, ateut which I wrote in my last.' Mr. Reid, a comparatively new member, who has had a somewhat long experience in the law offices of the Grown as to how the business of the Government is managed, and. whose moderation and judgment in dealing with publle grievances add to the effectiveness of his oritioism, made a strong speech regarding the colossal cluraoter of the claims made npon the Government. Taking Mr. Garrett's case first, he alleged that out of the twenty-three lota claimed by this gentleman- embracing a total area of 8 roods 7 perches, and for which he asked the modest sum of £20,108—six were purchased some time after the land had been rested in Her Majesty by proclamation of Hit Excellency the Governor. The claim of John Lucas, M.L.O , was next referred to. This was for a 89 years' lease of 1 acre 1 rood on the western side of Darling Harbour, npon which there was not a tingle nnilding—only the beginning of a foun dation—and for this the modest sum has been asked of £76,045, whieh laid ont at interest for 98 years wonld amouot to the insiguifioant total of £0 COOjOOO sterling. Another claim wai presented by the tenant in fee-simple who issued the lease, of £55,COO ; and j et another from a sub-lessee of the ssme land, of £10,000; the three claims aggregating to £141,000. It via contended by several that the land had been reaumed under the wrong Act, that it waa required primarily for the extenaion of the railway, and therefore ahonld have been reaumed noder that Aot. One great advantage of eo reaoaiiog it would be that onder that Act hooka and plana of -references wonld be laid before Parliament, and the House would have another opportunity before the oountry waa committed to the undertaking. The land waa, however, reaumed under the Public Property Acquisition Act, One marked provision of this Aot is that the land has to be assessed by a Government valuator, and then if the claimants are dissatisfied they can sue Hie Government. Bnt the issneto be put be fore the Jury is thus stated:—The issue to be tried in any anch action shall be whether the claimant is entitled to a larger sum by way of compensation than the amount of valuation so made by the Minister, and notified to the claimant as aforesaid, and if so to what aum." In this ease the assessment of the Government valuator is frightfully large, and though during the diseusslon it has been affirmed very emphatically by the Government that he la a man of honour, it has also been stated that the said gentleman has land over in that part himself, so that with out impeaching the gentleman's honour ws may take the more charitable view and attribute the exeearive value to an unconscious bias arising out of the before-mentioned land. One result of the debate haa been that the Attorney General has in trod used a Bill to amend the Lands for Pnblie Pnrpoees Acquisition Aot, wbibh Is intended . to protect the Government more thoroughly than they are protected at pretest irom the eleven)en or cupidity of smart men whose views of value are greatly expanded when Government lays its finger upon property.. This is admittedly a very neeaaeiry step. Neoessuy as it may be, however, for the purposes of the future, it will be very important in the interests of pnblio honour to guard it from any retrospective action. The transactions have been began and completed tinder an exist ing Act, and if the provisions of that Aot are faulty the Government must aoeept the oouse quenoes. Individual interests that obtain under past legislation are not to be cur.d by any ex peil facto measure without generating a tense of injustloe. Should it be that the exorbitant demands in question will have to be met, we shall have to growl and pay, and do what sifeny anotherdoea on a smaller scale— learn wisdom from the past and do better in the coming time. The ohy reoeived quite a shock « few days ego through the sodden death of the Hon. M. Fltspatriek, MLA. Bat a still greater shook was given when amid "the grief and Indignation of those who stood around his: grave ne was committed to his last resting-place without the rites of Christian brnial. This was denied him - by the authorities of the Soman Oatboiio Ohnrob, of which he was a member, because, so far ss can be seen, of the independent part he took in the pnblio schools question, the sub ject has been the talk of -the past day or two. The deceased was a prominent politician—one who had been a Cabinet Minister, a high-principled man, a warm friend, and awarding to the testimony of flir P. Jtnnicgs, a co-religionist, one who posnesed all Christian virtues. Bub, for all (hat the Church bsa stamped Mm with this Indignity and out rage. In the Assembly last night them titer was referred to In terms of strong, reprobation. Two Boman Catholio members expressed their deep regret at the occurrence, while pleading that the Boose bad nothing to do with it Mr. Dillon. bowevsr, himself a Boman Catholio and a Fellow of Bt. John's College, launched out in a strain of the strongest condemnation of this ontragionsbusiness. Thepnbliomind is shocked by the outrage, and It must open people's eyes to the dangers that attend the working of our political institutions when a member of Parlia ment, for being true to hit own^xmest convic tions, is thus brought under the curse of Mother Church. 