The Rock - .- ? ? What rar. ly hippeus Us now --v cuiioii : ,Tom Ji«-wii isji^cii'-l. f i have got n, letter fi-nn|nv t-roth-r J.ihn, nii'l I tmv« not m-h «r imtr from him since I woij the ailvi-i modal from Willie Mflregor nnd Sandy Gordon At the J-o&t; curlinp .match on the Doc. II It w^s a sur priso to got a letter, thaubject mat ter was still inoio s* prising. It seems lior Majesty, wlij was present on the occaMiou, \vos N.iiiie&sud; with my skill tliat h m v.J-eil Iiir\', .1' fitting opportunity hIuwouI.1 invest 1110 with tho Order f tho Garter. On the death of. Lon; Boaconsfteld, tlio R,oy«! Princeii wo at tlio C-no; no nIio bholtght that (J 1 opportunity had at last coino. TJ -y at oiica got uiilcr.4 to pi'ocood t - .ustralia, and ,'th« U.iechniitu was to toifc at Albany tor tho mail «t*∋«i?which was to carry 'tho cros«ran-l iwignin of tho order, and then firoteed and invest rnc with it. Now v6u can boo that I am nrotty busy: unking propara (ions for my viiitqiiv I have about 2000 decoratorA.jfU&holstci-ers;, &c.;, from Sydney and. Melbourne, and I trust to bo able W do ju«ti-w to tny Royal guests.- If intend cetobrating tho event with a grand ball, and tho Governors of 'Now South Wales, Victoria, Qiifpiis- lanil, Tasmania, and South Australia have promised to attend, I altto -purpose asking the Mayor of Cooma-tubo pruaant to as sist me in entertaining themivorthily. I further intend :sh6 wing them all the Irons of the district. Won't tliny bo pleased at our system of road making t I only hope tho Hugun ilra ghost will not scuk fr«sh fioldn till nfmr their departure. On THE Wing. — That the weather is abominably cold ; two heavy falls of snow already. — That il wo have winter hero, Suramur isl nl.iU at Ivydra. — J hat it is a sign of warm wulcoine. ivjion a teamster untr.in an hotel .for the landlord to holt the door and knack the visitor down with a lefthander under the car. — That some ladieH (?) know Imw to use brass candlesticks. — That the Bulletin in now on tiie war traii. — That selector aro becoming amateur land valuer* in expectation of being made J.P.'s. — Tbat Nimitybullc cm beat any town in tho colony with muddy streets. — That on the visit of the ttoyal I'rincos to Oooma, the Mayor will bo knightod, and Home liia; orators made C.M.G.'s. — That the roofs at Kydra look very promising, — That a certain J.P. always makes his man work on Sunday, of courxu to keep him out of 'mischief. — Tlmt iimong the lato iiiKolvcncios was n por«on whose occupation is given an ' gentleman,' and whoso liabilitiu* were £3151 Id. 10d; find bis assets' n:l ; h»w nico it is to be a gcntlo inan. — 'I'lmt Cooma ought to bo thankful to Mr. Gannon and lake his advice. — That Milton did ino an injury by writing ' Paradise Lost,' for if he had not ilono so I might ; mid according to Gomun ahiermen he Htolo a march on mo, — That passing an examination to become a C.E. is very foolish, and all that jb necessary at present is to got olecluu an nldor nian of Cooma, — That Churl'm Head has invented a sot of Htilts for hin coach to run on, othcrwixu he could not travei to Bombala this wintnr. — iThat tho Government Hhould «tm! that some shelter is affordi-cl to chil dren attending country schools dur ing tho winter montliH, many of the schools not having even a verandah. ?— That ulsters and caps aro becom ing very fashionable. — That Mick Daloney is going to be made a J.P. — That among the new magistrates there should bo at least one of merit, — That many are complaining of the little (lour their wheat yields; ap parently thopraln must have had no sound body. — That the Government would be benefiting tho country il it prevented, all ringbarking on Crown Jands, — That gates on a pub lic road arc anuisancoand should be abolished.— That .til wads flbotiM bo thrown open, — That flour is ' ris.' — ? That shoemaker* aro-pottfna; plenti ful in Cooma,— That tlio Hugundra ghost dropped from the tnii of ihe comet ana lias gone duck to its old quarters. — That a Manaro teacher is rather fond of,.ki»ses.'1-Tjiat.4iittin(f. 'by the fire is a favourite amusement with t; ' * jToi^BROWK. 