IA WI2RTEtR WEDDING .PrART IN. THE WILDS. Concluded from our leat. "It's George !".snid she, and blushed a little, from which 1 guessed George must. he the bride groom-George Standish, whose name and descrip tion Sophy had given me before we came ; and given very accurately.: Ife .was tall, but. not so tall as the cousins, and broad-shouldered, but hle woild never ctrry anything like their weight. Then he 1 had blue-black hair, beard, and brows, and a clever looking face; very broad and a white as to the forehead, and very brown as to all below it. I had heard him praised as a most kind and skilful country surgeon, and the best rider 'cross country in that or any ten parishes bf the Wolds, and he. looked as if both eneoniums must be true. It was quite a love- match, everybody said. Mary might thain married more money, but she preferred George, like a wise woman. Two of her ancient aspiranuts were present, and pointed out to me by Sophy : old Mr .JeTson, of l1arghill fnrm, who was rich enough to have kept her a carriage if- she would have taken him for that.; and young Phillip Mnirgatroyd, a man with a lierce face, who might have been a melodnnamtic villain, but was not-only a young fanruer with inuovating ideas. Tile unsppressed noise did not cease for a moment, and 1 saw thle wide-mouthed datnsel at the door thrice announce tea as ready before shie made herself heard by her mistress; but once heard, ii simultaneous hungry movement took place, and Cousin David came and roared at me, "Now, little 3iss Poppy, iwe will go in together, and you shall sit by ume." So I rose up, proposing to stifen imiv back and lay my hand lightly on the young giant's arm, as we had been laboriously taught to do at dancing school, when I felt that powertul masculine member encireling me behind, and I anw the biggest boots that had ever met my eyes break into all un couth step to which I was perforce compelled to keep a measure with my own toes in the air; they only alighted oie, andt that was on one of the boots aforesaid, which they would have delighted to ernsh into mum:ny if they had been able. Finally I was landed breathless and shaken, like a kitten that a terrier has had in its mouth for frolic rather than mischief, in ia chair very broad in the beams, which I was expected to share in part iwith my big cavalier, for, long as was thetable, each individual of the company took up so much room that hardly was there found aceomumodation for all. inut at last everybody was shaken into place, and the business of the hour began. And a most weighty business it nas. fMy eyes have never since beheld such. a te; a cold sirloin of beef, lhni boiled and ham frizzled, game pie and gauie roast, and every kind of tart and cake that the ingenuity of cook nwii unlimited nmateria:l couldl decise. Cousin David swiftly supplied me with provisions for a week, and tihen Cousin Joseph, who happened l to be on the other side of ale, hospitably wished tl' add more, on which Cousin David leant aeross andl said, " No poaching oiln ily manor, lMaster ,oseph ; attend you to your leot-haud neighbour. Tow, Miss Poppy, I m ugoing to give you a spretty little I wing of thlis partridge,"-which ihe did, and then took the rest of the hird to his own share. It vanished quirkly, as did an extensive miscel laneous colleetio:i of the other good things, and not- I withistandi,?g continuous.reltays from the kitchen, t the table presently showed signs of devastation. i The bride and bridegroom, Anne, and Sophty, were out of my sight, but directly opposite, with Cousin 1 Kate dividing them, were two young mien, one fair, t florid, and with curly p::te, alled ])iek, the other I dark, with long, straight, black. thair, and a most Islguhricus countenance, called Bob Linlk. Yetlif I that lt:uttbris coiountenanre had not much signs of i mirth in itself, it was the cause of mirth "in others, for the never opened his lips but all those withint he::ring of him laughed. Bob Link was a ntedical student with 31r Standish, and, as Cousin David ] eiilaioed, a reeular war. Tea was a prolonged ecremony, and was only ended by.the shrill sound of the violin, when some body cried, "Come!" and again Cousin David ex ecutcd his pt de terrier, with me in his Iand, down the broad stone passage until we canme to the Gnmage kitchen, which was ia vast place with an openi raftered roof, n:ow hidden under garlan'h of Christ mias green, and a .while flagged floor which was cleared for a dance. It looked so bright and gay! Such a mightr'fire of logs roared in the chiniaey, wide as an ordinary room, witl cushioned settles in: its arched recess; the great dresser glittered with metal trenchers and tankards, glinting back sparkles of light from the little .oil lamps which had been ingeniously mixed amongst the evergreens where they shone like glowworms. My young toes tingled to begin, and. when the fiddles and othler instruments of music tcuned up in a frolicsome country dlance, the swains began to pick out favourite Iatrtner.: Thie bride and bride gsoom stood top couple, and I don't know who came next, for while I was hoping and fearing whether anybody would ask me, Cousin D)avid arrived and spun me' up to the end of a long rank of girls. Tile fiddles started, and Sophy shrieked ou frantically, "MNow, Pooppy, 'oppy, be ready! It's hanlds icrdsI and back again, down the .middle and up :eain-Counin 3 ary and David, and you nnd George Standishl!" 'and then gqay we went! We shall never dance a coaugtr?" dance like that again ! Cousin David emulated his.royal Ifebrew namesake, and I should have thought him a delightful partner" if he would not quite so often have made me do my steps on nothing. That was glorious exercise for a frosty. winter's evenling, and made all.our cheeks rosy and all our eyes bright. When that set was finished, curly M3r Dick came and asked me to 'dance the next with him, which I did, and then to the tune of " Merrily danced the Quaker's wife, and merrily. danced the Quaker," Bob Link was my partner. That medical youth.had maissed his vocation in not going as clown to a circus, for the grotesquerie of his actions, aind the inimitable solemnity of his visage, kept everybody in roars of laughter all through his performance, andcwe never had to meet and take hold of hands that ho did not address me with some absurd speecl. that made me peal out jhst like the rest. I never sat out once. It was great fun. We had the "Lancers," in which everybody was perfecl, and common quadrilles, and surbanades, nl?d onai or two tried a. waltz, but counlry dances were, the- favorites,, and. there the elders joraid in. Uncle and -Aunt Preston danced, and old Mr J'ewson, iwho chose. me for his partner, and took enacf at intervals, through the set, and inodded his wig at me, but never ipoke. Just before s upper somebody called. out f?y a game of forfeits, and " ir Lady's Toilet was Aixed upon. Do you know how to pla)y" Lady's Toilet ?" It is an old-fashioned game that all our revered grandmothers played at, tliough exploded in polite society now, but I darenay it. still survives at wold weddince. And this is the wa of it. Each person in' the company chooses tihe nriamie of some article of a lady's dress, and all soit roend the room in order except one, wldo sticid- inc the cniddle? with 'd trencher which lie hegins to spin ion the floor, siig: out monotonously "3My lady wentl to her toilet, In her ehiumber'so pretty and neat, And said to her dacisel Oyelet,. 'riing m m'lmyb racelet, set ?"e' And then thIe person called Bracelet must dash in and catch thp trenheer before it cesceks.to spin, and the pecculty of a forfeit, w ich may, bat glove, hanid kerchief or whalt not. All ?lbe forfeits ere kept until the close of the game, a?ind thee )h? penalties are exacted. This part of the game is generally considered the most amusing 'for the penalties, as at Rookwood: Grange, aire generally. :the,, most whimsical , and ridic?lotih that can be devised. Bob Link was elected to thlIe ofic of sentencer: on this.occasion, acd when I saw wlat he inflicted, I began to.quake. for,myself, as I remembered the, one white.glove of mine tht 'lay in .the confiticated heap before him. HIe took up a silkhandkerelief Land began-- I..:ere is a thing, and it very pretty, thing, whoso;ilet me kico, is this; pretty thing ?." Curly, Mr.fDick aceknowledged it, whereupon .he was. ordered o. lie flat on the floor and repeat the following :absurd "Here lies the length of a long, lanzy lubber,. And here. must hd lie,.? i Till the lass he loves best comnes and kissesohim."'.. lThere seelmed every, lhaicce. of hlis. continuing to, decorate the floor all night, forin spite of his touch ing arid 'laughable ppeals, of course no one went near him; so, at last, tip hIe sprang, and catching Couslin Kate, he kissed her; Kate not testifying,uny. reliable signs of irrath, but only knitting hlr.brolras, while her eyes and lips Liughed. The liany Cousin •Joseph was ordered to" bow to thi wittie.t; kneel E to the prettiest, and kiss the lass he loved best," all of which ceremonies he performed before one and the same person-namely,' Cousin Solhv, who was unfeincdly indigIant thereat; Cousin Jo.seph ailarsy testified for her a loutish but most sincere and hlimible adminrtion. Ancther'young man had to sinsg a song, which he did in the dolefullest manner, ending each verse with an unsupported chorus of "lf Swe fall, we'll get up again, we nalways dlid yet!' I which was every word of the ditty that I could dis I tinguish. Then I saw my own poor little glove e drawn out,; and Mr Bob Link repented his incantu tion-"IIere is athing, and a very pretty thing, e whose; let me - know, is this pretty thing ?" and I when I quivered out that'it was mine, he said, " Oil ! I little Miss Poppy, it is yours, is it ? Well, then, you must stand in the middle of the kitchen, under l. that green bush you see, hanging down, and spell opportunity with Mr David -" I thought I 'could do that, being well up in dictation-class at school, so when Cousin David laughing took me off to the public station; where the penalty was to be performed,':I began breathlessly-" O-p op, p-o-r por; " when he cried, " No, no, that's wrong; I must teach you," and bending down his face, lie wIas actually proposing.to kiss me between eachi syllable, when I Ilung up one of my little paws and' cluched his hair, ducked my own' hend down, linishled the word, broke'loose, and sourriedbnaek to miny. place in much less time than it has taken me to, record the.feat, while Cousin David, in the midst of a shout of laughter, cried out: " You little vixen !" while I riseverated vehemently, " I spelt.it, I spelt it, I spelt it! " in unswer.to an outcry, tlhat it would not do, and I must go back again. I would not- do that, however, and' Cousin David came. and sat down by me feeling his nose reproachfully, and say ing, " She scratches! " and .1 had.scratched him, and I was glad of it ; but Curly Dick said' it was all for love, and -le haid seen mee hide the handful of hair I had torn off David's pate, that I might carry. it off home to have it made into a locket. ]Before the forfeits were well poid,'supper was ready, and in spite of my. ill-usage, Cousin David would be' tir eavalier again; he was a good-hu moured young giant, very like his sister Mary, and I began to feel a little triumphant over him, in spite of his size, after my' recentexploit, and when lie talked, I talked ugain inl my little way, except when I' was listening to the healths being drunk, and thanks returned, after the country fashion at mar riage festivities. Cousin Mary was in her place, with George Standish beside her, and I saw her give a little start and- blush' when " 3Mr and Mrs George Standish," were coupled together, but of all the,ftun to me old ilr Jewson was now the greatest. ' lie never raised his glass to his lips, whieh lie did pretty frequently, without giving utterance to e sentient : Ilay tlthe ian never grow fat who wears two faces undter one ilat!" or something of a similar charac ter, and oil the namue of all indivirdual, who was not popular iti the district, being nientioned, lie drank again, prefacing it with, " IEre's ai pu?rsinpeue saddle, and a high trotting horse to that fellow"' to wlhich several respondled. wit gruff " Atensi!" Supper did not last as long. as tea, iand when it was over, some e ue said Cousin Mary and George; Standish were going home. and when most of us re-' turned to the kitchen :nod parlor, they disappeared ; Mary. going upstairs with her mother, sister, and cousins: to make ready. .lut we watched the start from one of the winidows, where we ihad drawn the ncrtains back. ' The moon was up, and the wind lhid broken and scattered tile clouds. so we s:aw them mounts their horses, for they' had three miles to ride, and David and Joseph were to see them part of the way. In. the midst of a chorus of " good byes ," and " God bless you, Marys," they rode away, Mary never looking up; that 1 could see, fromn the moment her husband had lifted her into into the saddle ; but I don't think she was crying. l1er mother, cried, though, but 'not.long ; the duties of hostess soon dried herl tears, and site was baus trying to set us all dancing again, whlile Curly Dick esarched up and down the room, trolling out a luve-oneg in the mellowest voice I ever reluember to have heard. There were more dances and more games, and then the cousins returned frosty-faced and livelier than ever to join us, and so we went on and on, the hours slipping by uncounted, until it message came from Long Tom that our time was :up, and he was w'anting to take Itis horses home. So there was the re-swathinlg against the cold to be done, and then our grand team came creaking to the gate, and the dark figures poured out into the snowtagain ; our lhands-were shaken, and the cousins kissed in a cousinly.way, as good-nights were said. Ti.hen Cousin Joseph lifted Sophy into the wagon, and somebody else, who had, been very constant all night it Anne's elbow, did the same kindness for her, and Cousin David, before I was aware, had iold of me. " Now, Miss Poppy, you're going to give amen kiss, I know," said he persuasively, to whieh I responded, " No, I was not." "Then I sIhan't let you go with out; " and immediately he took unfair advantage of his strength to. the extortion of ihalf-a-dezen, and then foreman looked to see that all was right, Long Tom cracked his whip, and away went through the dark and frosty inorning. Three struck by Rook wood church clock just as we ipassed it. ' After ia little gossip over the events of the evening, we began to be drowsy, and dropt off; one by one, into the sound sleep of, youtliId .health, waking no 'more until Mr Preston's jolly voice greeted us from lhi bedroom windowr, with "All safe and sound, lasses ?" Then we were bundled in-doors, and set down to hot coffee, :lid nit' early breakfast by the kitchen: fire,. after which we pronounced ourselve as fresh as daoisies ; hald a good. ducking, re-reessed, and were ready to help in finishiing off the great snown man, "wheii the boys' came down. Ah 1 we can't dance six hburs on end now, take tI nap inl a wagon, and imake a snow man after it with unwearied zest! That trio "under. the tilt, that merry trio, waill.never in this ,world meet. again., Lively Sophy is under the iod, arid quiet Annie awith father and mother, brothers, and husband, is far away over the seas, leading a new life iii a newe country ; and, as for. Miss Poppy, in recalling the merry days when sihe was young, she. seCe 5s manyy. shadows amongest the living ligures, that if the winter wveding in the wolds could come agnili, half the dancers, on the floor woild be only dim and doleful ghosts,--Tis a dtozen 'ean? ago! 