THE SKETCHER. AUSTRALIAN EXPERIENCES. By Os. Hew I Plated the Ghost, and Added Myself to tbb Population of Victouia. I am afraid I am always destined to be what I have always been—a roving, thriftless vaga bond. At least, everybody who knows me says so. Still, I am but a eiogle member of a large army of sncb, and therefore do not see why everybody should take such a special interest in my individual doings. And it is because I prefer giving my own version of some of my ex periences to allowing others—mere prejudiced persons, I assure yon—to do so, that I write now. Passing over my " bunking"—a local J term at the school near London, at whioh I was a boarder—from the old " governor's" terrible discipline, my joining a Dutch billy boy brig, bound for Hamburgh, in the elevated capacity of cabinboy; my returning in the same round tub to London, and becoming owner of a fourth-rate crossing " fake," whose late proprietor had retired on his " fortin," and taken to the costering line; my subsequent inveiglement by a wheedling philan thropist into a Refuge for Destitute and Home less Boys; my escape from that terrible thrall; my setting np as a periwinkle merchant and consequent insolvency,- and my reentry into the seafaring world as a " bosun's boy"—I say, leaving the relation of all these preliminary matters out, I shall bring the reader with me to my first entrance into Australian waters iu the year eighteen hundred and something some. (It might not be discreet on my part to be too particular as to dateB.) It was on a bright warm morning in April in the year above mentioned that our vessel—that is to say, the vessel of which I was " bosun's boy," or as it was entered on the ship's books, "fokes'l boy"—entered Hobson's Bay, and. in due course of time, which iu this case meant three days afterwards, swung) alongside the Sandridge Pier. Rxcited dreams of wealth untold filled my imagination as I looked upon the new golden land upon the shore end of which I was now about to tread, but my fidelity to my skipper wat, I knew, too strong to tempt me to bolt, as many young shellbacks do, except, of course, under extraordinary pressure ! And it is only for the purpose of showing that my accidental (and at the time illegal) presence in tbe colony was really caused through the extraordinary pressure of " circumstances over which I bad no control"—as the whitewashing lawyers say—that I am about to relate the incident which answers to the heading this sketch. In port, I had little or nothing to do, being always easily able to devise excuse of work iu the " bosun's" cabin. It used to take me all day to clean bis and tbe carpenter's boots, wash up their platters, make their bunks, trim lamps, end sweep out; au 8 x 4 cabin, and thus I got out of being " told off" with the other ship'j boys. These poor beggars had bard times of it; they . bad to scrape off old paint, scrape and grease masts, holystone decks (man-o'-war fashion, no slummocking, bat " knuckledown and take your prayerbook") and, in fact, were run like niggers all the time that the officer in charge could devote to them. But even their dutieB were relaxed at last. Tbe captain bad left the ship, only reappearing on board at rare intervals; first mate had gone also for bis spell ashore of a week or two; second mate soon followed; the middies (that is, those of them who had pocket money) never did stay on board; and at last, there were only left, of quarterdeok officers, the third mate and senior midshipman—both young, high spirited, fun-loving fellows. What larks we used to have daring those few brief happy days! There were Jack Oonley, ordinary seaman—Liverpool Jack, he was dubbed, and Tolson and Bindec, alias Bill and Dick, " fobeB'l boys," and myself. Oh, yes; I found time to join tbem in tbeBe matters; for I will confide to the reader that I bad discovered since tbe advent of these glorious times—I BuppoBe practice had made me perfect in my duties—that I could do all my cabin work in less than an hour in the morning, and in a few minutes after the midday and evening meals. Tbe third mate UBed to encourage Liverpool Jack in his pranks, and many were the admir ing knots of land lubbers who watched some of our devilries. For convenience, I will dub the third mate, Nautilus. Well, Nautilus would offer rewards of grog, cigars, tobacco, or half crowns, in order to set us daring each other in all sorts of feats, and risky and breakneck some of them were, too. Up and down backstays, squatting on royal trucks, diviDg from davits, and many others. Well, one day there was an unusual amount of animal spirits to spare amongst ns, and as if specially arranged for the lettiDg loose of animal spirits, there were three or four stagings BwiDging over tbe starboard side, they Laving been fixed in ordor that the men might commence painting opera tions. Tbe vessel lay port side to the pier, ber bead pointing to the sea end. Each staging was simply the usual single plauk hung over the side by ropes secured to each eud. There was a distance of four or five feet between each plunk, the sterumoBt one being light on the vessel's quarter, or a little alt of it. To see the mad chevy-chase we played along these planks, which swung up and down on end as we dashed afrit each other, and the fearful Je-ips from one to the other which we successively and successfully made, was enough to have set the most frigid blood on fire, aud it may he easily understood that the excitement ■ uid not grow less with what it fed on. At the tail eud of a wild plank scamper ana scramble on deck, I being last, the third mate let go the rope which held up one end pf the last plank. X was light in the centre of it, and went down into the green water with a splish and an impetus that was as powerful as it was sudden, So powerful was it, and so deep was I carried down, that when, with the- natural impulse of a swimmer, I sought the surface, I found that I hud been taken underneath the rudder, and bad come up on the port quarter. However, I simply thought of sharks, swam to and scrambled upon tbe lower cross beam of the piles of tbe pier, and lost no time in gaining my berth to change my clothes. I saw no one on my road thither. Having put ou dry togs, I returntd on deck. W hen there I was surprised to find it deserted for the poop. All the forms on the poop, ti o, were leaning over the star board after aud stern rails, watching something going ou below with evident anxiety and interest. On running to the starboard side I saw two or three excited swimmers iu the water, while a boat, manned by strained and anxious mi n, paddled about in a purposeless taBkion. Without a moment's hesitation, I made for tbe ccal-bunkcrs, down near tbe fore hatch, and hid myoelf. I had an idea I would be a ghost. I had read of ghosts—ghastly white sheet things, surmounted with a scooped-out turnip, grimly lighted with a candle. But I would be a rea^ live, flesh-and-blood ghost, would out ghost all other ghosts. I lay in concealment, and thought it out with a keen appetite. Fortune seemed to favour my intentions, for by-and-bye Liverpool Jack descended the steep and narrow hold with a coal bucket in order to get the fuel needed for the afternoon's service. Of course, Jack would help me. "Jack," I whispered. ■ "Who, in the name of St. Patrick is there?" be replied. "It's me, Os," I rejoined, as I emerged from my greater into his lesser obscurity. " Oh, the devil! Oh, holy Mary!" he ejaculated in somewhat Btrange combination of personalities, " is it a ghost you are. The Lord save us!" "No, Jack," I said, " it's really me. I'm not drowned. I was only larking. Jack. I'm all right. I'm hiding here, and I'm going to give Nautilus a fright to-night. By golly, won't it be fun. I want you to help me; 1 know you will, Jack." But I was reckoning without my host, and the result proved that I knew too much. Jack was not such a reckless scoundrel as I had con sidered him to be. Imagine my astonishment when, instead of entering into my project, Jack, with one blow of his fist that made me see stars, and with a hissed-out, "Take that," sent me spinning. Then he caught hold of me end on, and literally passed me up the steep bunker-hatch, landed me on deck, and pro ceeded to give me the warmest rope's-ending I ever got in my life. He was a Herculean-built tellow, of 5 feet 11 incnes or so, just 20, and in the very pink of strength and courage. So you can guess that I duly relished the enter tainment he provided for my benefit. Bis forcible commentaries, both in speech and in deed, upon me, bronght all hands to the scene, bat I was well pummelled before he threw me off, and gaspingly exclaimed to the mystified crowd—"The young rascal went and hid and wanted to play the .ghost; the whole ship's company after him for two hours, and here are the police and the third mate with the drags." I had never counted upon my supposed drowning causing such a fuss; nor bad I thought to turn popular indignation against me in this manner. It appeared that the third mate had gone nearly frantic over my supposed death, which he attributed to his own thoughtless act. From his hands I received a second rope's-end ing, and the cuffs from the " bosun" that even ing were not "fewand far between." It was with aching bones I retired to a spare cabin on the deckhouse—where there were some old ropes and other lumber—after my evening duties were performed. I dared not go into the " fokes'l" until the men had gone, most of them having eveuing leave on shore. I reviewed mypoBition. When quiet reigned "forrud"! slunk to my berth, and grabbed hurriedly my best suit of clothes and a shore hat—technically called a cheeBecutter—of which I was in no bieb11 degree proud. Getting back again to the spare cabin, I donned my best togs over the clothes I had on, and stealthily leaped from the port fore-chains on to the pier, I had Australia before me now without a copper in my pocket. I walked quickly out of the lighted streets of Sandridge into unknown darkness, and soon discovered that I was follow ing the line of the beach. Steadily oh through a plantation, which I now know to have been Albert Park, away past St. Hilda, not daring to stop. I found myself at about two or three o'clock in the morning in what appeared to be the country, and turned towards a farmhouse, on whose premises I could make out the exis tence of a haystack. I was lucky enough to find that a great wedge had been cnt out of one staok, that a ladder stood up against it, and that a tarpaulin covered the unthatcbed out portion. Creeping under this covering, I soon forgot all my woes and my ghostly ambitions. On the next day I got a feed from the kindly farmer's wife, and found that I was a abort distance trom a place styled Brighton-on-the-Beach. I never told the good dame where I had slept though. That was my first night on Australian soil. 