The Hugundra Ghost. CoNsrr.KNATiON lias si'izod tlio mindH of suporstiliuiia puoplo liy tlio yarn sprrail ooiicorniiiK tho iiiyntuHoiifi Dippings lo bo heard ill tho chvolling- pltici: of a gr.-x7.iur by iHuiin of Mr, Clmrlus Koljiimoii, whn ru sidai nt Ilugiimha, nuur GogciUnricli. Application liaa bcun inndu In it roaiilu.it tn nlLiy tlio Bjiirit, ulioso fiuiks ii.'ivo boon sranliicallv doscribnil bi' nn iiiitnilnivu dis ciple of Eaciilapius. At lungth, Imlfa duisen adventurous— npirits, wo wore gnini to Buy — souls ninJo up tlioir minds tn visit tho inuutud humasload. Mr, Uoliinsuii allowed llossrs. David Jlaiuing, Jjaumol , Wondcroft, nnd two young fonmloa, nn aldonuan's uudfatlior, lilld other pursnnn to slay tugothor in fi room, in one corner of wlueli was n aafo, the npartiiiout being dnrkonod. Singular to rulato, us ouu of Uio men wnxed bold and outoi'ei] tliea]Mit mont, the cock (a real barndoor bird) crc'w tlirico, find iijnin tliesafe tljarumwcountad a lap. Ono of tlio fuinalus stood nn.ir tlio unfo, mill wliilst slio wiut tlidrc n Konlluiiian close by counted fifly-two raps as if they wore given with n saildlor's liniiiinur luiidly on a hollow case. This was n rnp for each wc.uk in tho yoar. A boltlu full of water wa* uiii)od lit tlio nitfe, but nulhini; cainoof It. Now, if a guiitlemall who lyan tl|i)l:u liud aimed a ooilf fi'dm a wull-oliiir^od luui'iiiade Ijottla in the direction of tlio safe, tlio perturboil spirit snifrlit Lava boon laid gently to sloop— porliaps to rest for over. Gr.ively it if sbttad to w that if one of the y.mug lailius is placed in any portion of tho room, mi awful row in Hint Bafo bumns. All, however, takes j.loco in tlio dai-k. It umat l-u a guilty spirit tliat fojim the light, plays its pranks in tho njiglil. Of cuiirie, thoro aro nimoura tiint n. ghost has appoiuvd tu ono of Mr. ]{nbiu snn's family, but that iiingt bo the trick of some brutal practical joltor, Liko many Mnnaro y,hn»i stories, tlio origin of tlio llugiindr.i one will bo traced yut to tho Imuutsof native cats or opiissuins. In this onlightonud ago, it is nonsense to believi) in tiio cxtstonce of ghosts, which nro ns mythical m tho witches of the olden times. Str.uige, what a hoM 'tin siipaniatiiral,' ns it is tcrmol, \\\m upmi the superstitions people who swuil tliu l-.uika of both Ood fu iring iiiiiii iinJ ntlicists. 'As it li.-n hoon with thii ntigj npiriliiilistB nnd tlmir (lurk ao.incjs, so will it be with the JJiignndra foljf. lfy some shi|;ilo means, we will n« ravel the iqystory, nsccrUiu wl|o or what (.03108 rapping nt U|0 door, and loan) lciiv tittorly foulUU tho lialiuvora In ghosts liavo been. May bo, as tho native cat, 'opnsMim, or performer of thu noctnrai knoska uliuf flss off its mortal or utlior cuils, m- if warnod of detection —sumo snporAtitioiis nunsonso will bo indulged in, and tho fully be clung to by another fjimuhdiuii of simple minded folk. It U the duty of cdiK-aUjil goud men to Uugh to ncom sucli nnn9snso as' ghosts.' As -i roller ot our j.iurnal forcibly roinarks, *' Tliore ia si:ne 'doggory' «t the bottom ?-( it tu work upon the superstition, to rim Mr. Robinson out of llis pUcc, or to carry out some discreditable design.' ' Either that or native cits is tlio origin of the scare. Who docs not remem ber the ghost of Middlo Flat, and how Tom Scott, after incessant watching, dis covered the spirit ripper to be a native cat knowing and dmggingn bone? 'Spiritua- lists ' have a Uiodry that Mr. Robinson's daughter (tho ono about 14 years of *%a) is a medium. It -s estimated that Mr. 0. Robinson, of Hugundra, hosm'tally entertains about thirty visitors daily. We hear thoro wcro eighty potions at his jjlaco on Saturday night. Mr. Win. Smith Bays ho sat on a bod at Hugundra, acd that die bed tilted him up. He called to n companion to strike a light, and whilst the latter was getting a ?natch ready ho was struck rather violently on tie nose. ? Oar readers will remember the excite ment about the ghost' at Hlapnp, and the sad consequences that happened tn one married lady. Slio bad a child born to her. The little one is bereft of reason, and continually mores its head from aide to ajdo 04 if in dread, of lomethjng, The tender -rf J. Rodda_n for ad? ditions to DangelQng Public Sohoo] has been flcoeptedj ' 