fgiimte* BROKEN ON THE A WHEEL; Ob, THE STORY OF A WIFE; A. NEW NOVBL. BY WSL C. HONEYMAN, (Author of 'For Fame,' '-Z3&, th* Lint white? ' Base Coin' Sfc. [Published by special arrangement with tbe Author. All Eights Reserved.] Chaspteb XXI. — Doubling on the Scent. Before Stanford had finished the last line of the song be had been startled by the hand of Snowdrop eagerly clasping at his arm. From the opposite Bide of the street she had seen and heard much of the commotion in the drawing-room above, while Stanford, busy with the song and accompaniment, and probably deep in memories of tbe past, had noticed but little unusual, and now started at the abrupt grip as if he had been awakened from a dream. ?' Didn't you hear that awful squeal ?' cried Snowdrop, -with suppressed excite ment, and her distended eyes fixed at the deserted window. There's something ?wrong inside. See, they've all left the ?window like a snot.' ' 1 did hear a cry of some kind,' wearily responded the harper. ' Perhaps some lady's skirts have blown too near the fire, or a mouse has run across the room, or a spider dropped on her bare shoulders, very little makes a lady scream, Snowdrop, and you know people generally leave the -windows when 1 finish my song. It's only human nature, for they always fear I may \~ want more money.' ' But are you sure — are you sure it isn't her ?' hoarsely persisted Snowdrop. Stanford paused in covering up his in strument, and gazed wistfully and eagerly up at the window, which some one within had now closed and darkened with blinds and curtains. ' Surely not? surely not ?' he tremulous ly responded. 'Oh, no! I cannot believe that. If it had been, she could not havj remained in the houBe — she would hav been out acd into my arms before my song was well begun. My wife has a hear . Snowdrop — remember, my wife has a. .heart.' Snowdrop remained silent. Young a she was bhe had formed the opinion tha tho woman who could coolly leave such a kind and gentle being as Stanford could not have a very good heart, but an instinc tive delicacy forebade her to pain him by saying so. Stanford quietly elung his harp ever his shoulder and moved away, fcHt Snowdrop liBgered, looking back at the house, and evidently only half convinced. ' It might be her, and she might come out yet,' ebe persisted. ' Can we not wait a little while and see ?' ' Oh, Snowdrop, you little know what love is, and I almost pray that you never may know,' said Stanford, pityingly laying ^,. a gentle hand oa her head. ' There is no ' -waiting where there is love. She would bare been out with the first sound of my -voice. No, she may be hundreds of miles from here. Let us go home, for I am sick at heart. Snowdrop obeyed so far as to utter no farther objections, but she had scarcely gone through a couple of cross streets when a new thought came to her. 'I'm not a bit tired or sick at h«art. Won't you let me go back and wait at the door- a little?' she pleaded, with each bright eagerness in her eyes that the harper, after gazing into her animated face in a kind of fascinated maze, as he sometimes did, bowed ins head, and gave a husky assent. Snowdrop -waited not a moment after the -word was given, but ran back through the dark streets, and quietly perched herself on a doerstep nearly opposite the house in which she had become so deeply interested Not many minutes after she had thus taken up her position her heart gave a thrilling bound as she saw the outer door opened from -within, only to sink to deeper despon dency as she saw a gentleman, muffled and gloTed, step forth, closing the door behind him, and walk off at a smart pace. ' If it had been a lady, I'd have followed and spoken to her,' was Snowdrop's com ment, 'but pr'aps she's to come yet.' For nearly an hour did the sturdy and resolute little match girl sit huddled in at the door step, with her sharp eyes eagerly' fixed on the opposite heuse, but then, as she beard the piano-playing, dancing, and singing resumed, she began to fear that she ? had been mistaken, and had jumped too hastily at a conclusion. At length the door did opes, but this time it showed only a very stout and portly mamma and her two young daughters, who, . with a tenable regard for their health and comfort, were leaving the party at an early hour. A quick thought struck Snowdrop as the door closed and they moved away along the dark and silent street ; and she acted on it in a moment, by hurrying after the ladies and breathlessly addressing the haughty mamma — 'Ji you please, ma'am — don't be frightened ma'am. I'm a nuisance, I know, but nothiEg wicked, iiyou please— didn't a lady cry out, eudde^fcnd awful, in the partyjostnow. I mean a good while ago?' 'She must mean Mrs. Halliday,' sug- gested one of tie young ladies, while the eldest only stared and frowned. 'Do you mean Mrs. Halliday, girl?' haughtily inquired the plethoric mamma. ' She squealed out, and then all the .people ran to help her, I think,' said Snow drop, reservedly. ' It is Mrs Halliday she means,' said one of the daughters, looking dovrn on the match girl with great curiosity and disgust. ' Can this creature be one of her distin guished, friends ?' ' No, indeed _; I never spoke to her or saw her in my life. Is ehe better ? Was she much hurt ?' eagerly pursued Snow drop, heedless of the palpable sneer of the young lady and the spiteful giggles of her conipsnioBe. ' That is more than I know, or care to know,' loftily answered the walking moun tain of flesh, with' a disdainful flounce of her sealskin and silks. ' Are you sure that was her name ?' continued Snowdrop, following desperately as they moved on. The stout mamma brindled up at once at the bare assumption that bet otatemente should be doubted or questioned, and, fixing the match girl with an angry flash of her eyes, ehe moved off with Her daughters in haughty silefiee, leaving poor Snowdrop convinced more than ever that Stanford was right in thinking Bhe was on the wrong track. Tet she did not give up without a regret the theory she had formed and adopted. The wild cry which yet rang in her ears was exactly the sound which she had looked forward to hearing some day in the middle of the song. Sue had pic tured the whole scene in a vivid way pecu liar to her when left to her own thoughts — the cry of the startled wife, the penitent tears and reconciliation, the restoration of the harper to his home and happiness, and the probable end of her own connection with him, by being set up in an apple stall, with a barrow of her own and a few shillings of capital, or a small harp that she might sing to, like Stanford, in the 'streets. The cry had come, but nothing ebe, and Snowdrop was. so angry at her picture not being filled up and finished that she went home fretting every inch of the way. To Stanford she readily admitted that she had disunered nothing, and that she feared she had been mistaken, but when she lay down in her own little closet her mind was so disturbed with a dozen differentsuggestiona and plans that she slept none. It was toss, toss — turn, turn — flounce, flounce, with her the whole night long, but at last, when it was near morning, and she was in that half wakeful condition bordering on the land of dreams, a thought came to her so simple, so natural and feasible, tha; she started bolt upright in bed at the moment, and rated herself heartily for never thinking of it ba fore. ' Whatfs to hinder me from finding out where Mrs. Halliday lives, and then going to see her ?' was her joyous thought. ' 1 can do it all alone, and before he is up. If it's Jter 111 know her, and -speak to her in sueh a way that she'll be sorry for what she's made him suffer.' Long before it was light, therefore, Snowdrop had astonished the landlady by appearing before her clean and spruce and fully dressed, and calmly requesting to be let out, as she had some business to look after before Mr. Stanford got up. And then ahe got out into the coll streets and away over to Newington while the sleepy lamplighters went their rounds extinguishing the street lights in anticipa tion of the coining day. At the house it self she hesitated long and timorously, till a servant appeared from within to polish' up the bell-handles and doorplates, and this girl sbe surprised by asking quietly and collectedly for the address of Mrs. Halli day, who had been at the party the night before. It happened that this young girl had de livered the invitations, including that to Mis. Halliday, and in a moment or two Snowdrop had learned all she wished to know, and was swiftly trudging off towards Kankeillor-street, leaving the servant girl not a little chagrined at finding her eager little questioner not nearly so communica tive as she had expected. The result of her visit to Mrs. Halliday 'e lodgings has already been seen. Mrs. Hal liday was 'gone to England, or London, or some of them places,' and beyond the fact that she had gone in a cab the slavey could give no definite information as to her route. She might have gone in a balloon for aught she knew; and the slavey giggled not a little at the idea of Mrs. Halliday being likely to communicate any of her intentions to her, or indeed to any one. ' She's a close one, I can tell you — she wouldn't leave a letter or a scrap of paper that size' — the said size being indicated by the stumpy point of the slavey's sooty finger— 'lying about to let any one know anything about her; and once she near took my head off for looking at the post mark on her letters before 1 took them in. Uh, she can look after number one I tell you; and if she's left owing you anything, I'm thinking you may whistle for all you'll ever 6ee of it.' 'She's not owing me nothing,' said Snowdrop very shortly. ??'What is it, then, you want her for?' eagerly continued the slavey, bnt there her visitor cut her short by a series of minute enquiries as to the personal appearance of the lady who had thus suddenly and unac countably left the lodging and the city, at tbe close of which, with Borne excitement, she said she would have to go, but would perhaps come back again after she had con sulted ; and away she went accordingly as quick as eager 'anxiety and her sturdy limbs could carry her. Snowdrop thought ehe had never run so fast in her life, and most onlookers would . have though so too; and scarcely a quarter of an hour after getting the news she burst into Stanford's room in Hose-street, pant ing and breathless, yet so eager to speak that the gasps would force themselves out. ' I think— I think I've found her, but she's gone,' was her first curious statement. 'I mean — gone. from Edinburgh — away, far away.' ''Who, ehild? My wife?' said Stan ford, drawing her to him, and taking her hand. 'Take time now to get your breath, and.teJ1 me all about it.' ' I think Mis. Halliday is your wife — at least the girl at the house where ehe stayed would know if you showed her the por trait,' and then in very disjointed frag ments Snowdrop proceeded to give a full account of all her thoughts and actions since the sight before, and ended by showing that the description of Mrs. Halliday by both the servant girls whom she had mentioned tallied very closely with Stanford's description of his lost wife. And when she saw the shadowed face become white, and excited, and scared like her own she saw that her news was valuable— that it had struck home. and thrilled him to the heart — and experienced the sweet pleasure of having done something for the man who had lifted her out of the mire. Stanford sat like one stunned for a moment or two, and then Snewdrop seized him joyously by both hands, and shook him violently, 6aying— 'I told you I'd be of some use to vou some day, though I am only a nuisance,and I'll do more yet, for Til grow bigger, and. stioDger, and cleverer, and more able to protect yon and look after you every day. But don't take on so, sir, and look so white and weak; just come over with me to Rankeillor-street and show the girl the portrait, and try to find out ?where Mrs. Halliday'e gone. ' P'r'aps you'll have her before night to speak to, and keep and look after as long as you live. Oh, that'll be jolly 1' and Snowdrop danced and clapped her hands till the tears stood thick in her evee. ' Stanford said not a word but dressed hastily, and sent at once for a cab, in which ' they rattled swiftly over to the south side, where both the landlady and the slavey being Gbovm the portrait, which Stanford always carried, pronounced it to be Mrs. Halliday's very image. ' To be sure,' said the landlady, 'Mrs. Halliday was a mair stoot- built woman than that, and no quite so baby-faced, but if it's no her it maun be her sister, unless that portrait was ta'en when ehe was a bantle younger.' This last remark, like many of the., answers, was thrown out in an enquiring tone, as if the woman thought there should be confidence for confidence ; but Stanford had neither time nor inclination to gratify her curiosity. He merely jotted downthe exact hour when Mrs. Halliday had left, after making enquiry as to the manner in which she had been accustomed to spendlier time and the visitors she was wont to re ceive, and then getting the address of the coach- hirer who had supplied the cab, abruptly left the house and the street. The coach office and cab stand' were quite at hand, and thither they at once made their way, and by one or two enquiries they found the identical driver who had been called out of bed before six in the morning to take Mrs. Halliday and her luggage to the railway station. ? The man seemed somewhat sulky at the recollection, but brightened visibly when a broad silver coin -from the purse of the . eager enquirer touched his palm. ' You were called to drive her to a rail way station — did you really do so !' -said' Stanford, suspicious that the cab might only have been a ruse. ' I did, and I had to drive like blazes, for she was long o* coming down the stair, and hw luggage was awfu' heavy, six.' ' Which station was it you drove to?' 'Galedonian, West-End. She said she must catch the ten minutes past seven train.' 'Whereto?' The question was put with breathless eagerness, but Snowdrop, whose eyes had never left tha cabman's face, felt her heart stand still within her as she saw a shadow of doubt cross the man's features. . « I never thoucht o' asking, air, bat it : was a big train, for I waited till it was dwa', expecting I micht pick up a return tare frae the incoming train. But you could easily find oot at the station,- sir,' he ? added, with fresh interest. 'Ask at the booking office what -train gaed oot at ten past seven. 'Deed, they micht mind the iady's face, and be able to tell 'ye where she look a ticket for.' . 'And you are quite sure ehe vent off by that train ?' ; 'Saw her gang into it wi' my ain een, sir — a third-class carriage.' Stanford drew a long breath of relief. It was quite evident to bun that they were at least full on the track of Mrs. Halliday, but to make another and more important point certain he drew forth the portrait of his wife and showed it to the man he had been questioning. 'Is that anything like the face of the lady, allowing for eleven years of difference in her age ?' ' That's awfu' like her, sir, only I tbink the lady I drove was bonnier than that — bigger and stoeter, ye ken, and' more majeetic like.' Much of this last was spoken merely with a cunning desire to please his questioner, but Stanford saw none of the subtle flattery. He merely brightened and said with a sigh that ' no portrait could ever do justice to her face,' a statement, bow ever blinded he might be by fond devotions which contained a deal of truth. Stanford thanked the man with much warmth for his information and hints,' and there and then drove straight to the Caledonian Station at the West End. A prominent board, bearing the -words ' Carlisle, Manchester, Liverpool, and London,' in monster capitals was the first to attract his attention, and in the front of this he managed to buttonhole a flying railway porter with the query — ' What train was it started this morning at ten past seven ?' ' Liverpool and the south, sir,' and the man was gone. '? I expected that,' said Stanford with a face ashy white with excitement. 'Oh, Snowdrop, I think I shall find her now.' HeknockedBharplyatthe enquiry window of the booking- office, and was fortunate enough to be answered by the booking clerk who had that momtng given out the tickets for the Eouth. Again the portrait was brought oat and shown, and then Stanford 6aid — 'Do you lememter serving a lady like that with a ticket for the ten put seven train?' ' Fair hair — veiy good-loaking — English accentP' 'Yes.' ' I remember it perfectly. She seemed rather excited— scarcely knew her own mind, I thought; for ehe asked first for a ticket without saying -where to. Then, when I paid, 'Where to?' ehe said, 'Liverpool,' but, just as I was stamping the ticket, she changed her mind and Bald, ' Oh. I beg your pardon ; I think IT1 take one for Windermere instead.' ' ' An d Ehe booked for Windermere, then ?' said Stanford, his voice tremulous with joy and his eyes glistening with tears. 'Yes, though she was near changing her mind again, I thought ; but I couldn't stand any more nonsense, and said so. I was very busy, and it was close on train time ; eo she thanked me and took the ticket for Windermere.' 'Gone to the Lakes !' cried Stanford, clasping his hands joyously. ' I know all her favorite haunts there, and shall easily find her. Oh, Snowdrop, if ever you see me gloomy or despairing remind me of the time when I stood on this platform clasping my hands in thankfulness and gratitude to God for His goedness and great mercy to me!' Snowdrop fairly leaped with delight to to see her benefactor so happy ; but had he been less absorbed in his own joy he would have seen even in her young face an ex pression of pity. In her simplicity she could not help asking herself what good could there be in finding a woman who was continually evading the man who ap peared to worship the very air she breathed. Secretly Snowdrop had begun to hate Mrs. Halliday, and the cause lay solely in the treatment of her loving hus band, Snowdrop's kind friend in need. 'And will you have to go away to that far-away place to find her ?'she rather dolefully asked as Stanford turned from the booking-office to the nearest time-bill, to look for the first train for the south. 'The other end of the world wouldn't seem far to me if I knew I should find her, and clasp her in my arms at the end of the way,' said Stanford with unabated enthu siasm. 'Now, Snowdrop, we have just time to drive back to Rose-street and settle our bill, pack up, and get back here in time for the next train.' ? ' Then I'm to go with you? I'm not to leave you ?' said Snowdrop, with her heart again bounding at the thought. .' Leave me ?' he echoed in pained sur prise. ' No, never, I hope, in this world, for if I find her it will be you I have to bless for it.' All this was double -joy to the little match girl — to be with Stanford and to continually roam about free and unfettered were to her the summit of happiness. It was therefore with a feeling of ecstatic ? delight that she went back to the lodging at Rose-street and helped the harper to pack up his light luggage, not forgetting her own well-worn blacking-box — which, though no longer in ose,- had become so endeared to her from certain memories and associations attached to it that ehe resolutely refused to throw it away. 'Little Corky used to hold it, and carry it for me,' she said, when reasoned with on the point, ' and he thought it beautiful — especially after I pasted the pictures on the inside of the lid — and I never look at it but I mind of him laughing and crowing. , If I put away my box, I might forget dear . little Corky.' ' So Snowdrop had her blacking-box packed up in Stanford's iron-bound trunk, and then they were driven back to the sta tion,, where a half-ticket for Windermere ?was put into her hand, which she Kssei Teverently in the dark tunnels where no one could see, because it was to take her to see the wonderful Lake country which ? Stanford had so often spoken of and de- - cribed. And all the while — that is while Stan ford and his little companion were whirling away deep into the north of England — Mis. Halliday was resting at a little village n?t five miles from Edinburgh, and still less from the . village of Brae foot. With the first stoppage of the train ' at Mid-Colder the imperious lady in the third-class carriage got out in a great fluster, and said ehe. must go back as she had for gotUn something, and then caused much trouble to the guard by having her lug fige fished out, and placed on the platform. ? hen she took a ticket for Edinburgh, after a critical study of the railway map and time table, but the return train -was a elow one, ' stopping at every station, and five miles from the metropolis Mrs. Halliday tired of it, and got out, and had her luggage left at the station till ehe went and secured a quiet and genteel lodging in the village close by,' where she at Jast threw herself on a sofa with a deep sigh of satisfaction. 'There, I think I have doubled and turned till I am safe from every search,' she exclaimed. 'No one will look for me here, and. I am only a mile or two from Braef oot. I think a change of air— a quiet country residence for a time — will do me good.' Chaptf-b. XXI I. — 'A Message fuom; her Bead Fatheb.'. Dan Lester's illness puzzled the doctor sect by Tbornley to attend him more than any such simple case was wont to do. In termittent fever did not often hang so per sistently about a great, strong, bifl-boned fellow like the groom, nor was it usually accompanied by such wasting and delirious fancies as at times possessed his brain. For example, one day Jennr Bright, who helped little Joey to nurse ^m, was brush ing up the stone floor of his room, and bad stopped short in simple curissity to examine one of the flagstones marked rudely with a cross, when she was startled by finding that Dan, far from being asleep at she had imagined, had raised himself with a wild cry in bed, and was struggling to scramble out, uttering at the same moment a string of passionate imprecations against herself, which nearly stunned her with the force of their fury. 'Dearie me,' she indignantly retorted. ' I wbb only looking at this cross on the stone, which some one has cut with a chisel, and saying that I thought it was a little loose. I should like to know what harm there is in that Folks will be afraid to *ay their nose is their own by-and-by before you.' ' I won't have -womenfolks prying about my room,' faintly gasped Danj pausing on the edge of the bed in sheer weakness and inability to move further. ' You mustn't poke about the floor either — looking for things you'll never find. And don't be touching the stones— they're cold — cold, and there's blood on them — red blood.' ? ?? Cracked ! you're cracked as an old tea kettle,' said Jenny Bright, coolly con tinuing her sweeping. . ' 7ousaid the same about a pie dish a -while ago, with a beef steak in it, that melted like a bit of fresh butter in the month. I'm fhinTriTig, Dan Lester, if you go on like this you'll soon be in & lunatic asylum.' ' Don't aggravate me, or Til turn nasty and punish you all,' he furiously growled. 'You're all in league agen me, but if I like I can pay you back sweetly, and Mr. Thornley worse nor any of you.' ' Tou pay me back, you bag o' bones I' cried Jenny, with sovereign contempt and a light laugh. 'It'll be long or you're able to do that, considering all I've done for you, coming over here and neglecting my own work to 'see you comfortable and clean. But that's all the thanks one gets. Men would lie up to the eyes in dirt and say they never were eo comfortable ; though I must say that Jim is not like that, and always thanks me for what I do.' ' Jim be ? ,' Dan was groaning out as he dropped back in bed, when Jenny stopped him with & warning jerk of the sweeping bxush. 'Say a word against him, you ungrateful sinner, and I'll throw the brush at your head, and leave you in all your dirt,' ehe said, and so flushed and resolute did she appear that San was compelled to fhange his tone, and craved her pardon in tones so abject, ending in a flood of tears induced by sheer, weakness, that Jenny became more than ever convinced that his reason was affected. ' When a brute like Dan begins to cry like a baby its time to get tie straight waistcoat ready,' -was her mental comment, and her reflection was onlyconfirmed when she found next morning that Dan's bed bad been moved, so that one of the heavy wooden posts rested exactly above the flag Stone marked with the cross. 'He said he couldn't sleep till his bed was put there,' said Jim, in a subdued whisper just outside the room, when Jenny asked for an explanation. 'He said he always eaw a face looking out of the floor at him — reproachful like — a face like the old doctor's. What qeeer fancies he takes.' ' I tell you he's mad. He'll want his bed on top of the chimney next, to be cool and airy, said Jenny, emphatically. ' There must be something bad on his mind that he's so restless, and see if I don't tell the doctor that when he comes. What* s the good of him writing out prescriptions and mixtures for him. when all the time the trouble's in his mind.' Joey thinks eo too,' whispered Jim, whose opinion of Jenny's shrewdness amounted to little short of worship, 'and I never knew you both to be wrong at once. So tbe next time the doctor came be was neatly intercepted by the dauntless Jenny, and well primed with all her opinions and suspicions, and when he entered Dan's' room and found the bed stuck all awry in the middle of the room, and Dan- looking' more weak and wasted and nerveless than - ever, he ventured to say gently — 'You don't seem to gather strength, Dan, though the fever has pretty well spent itself. What's the reason of that, think you? A great, strong fellow like you ought to throw bfE -trouble more easily.' . '._?:. ' I don't know,' sulkily answered &b; patient. ' I'm not here to learn you your business, am I f ' ' 'Certainly not, but are you sure ybui mind is quite at ease ? Are you not fret ting about something — some debt, or some' sweetheart, or something ?' 'Don't speak about sweethearts, or Til show you I'm stronger than you think,' cried Dan in sudden fury — 'strong enough to brain you! Thornley's set you on to nag me about that, cutse him 1 I know he has, but I'll pay him back, yet — sweetly.' You're wrong there, Dan, for the minister has never once mentioned your name to me,' quietly answered the doctor, who was ? quite accustomed to ' Dan's capricious \- temper. ' He has more pleasant things to think about, seeing he is to be married in a few days to Miss Hilda— happy man !' ? . 'Happy, is he?' said Dan, with some curiosity. 'Are you sure of that? If I thought it I'd soon spoil his happiness.' .. . ''Tuts, that's spiteful, man/' lightly re turned the doctor. 'You can : neither be .happy, yourself nor let others be happy. I'm afraid vour mind's not quite at ease. 'Well, if it isn't,, what's that to youP' snarled Dan, rising wrathf ully on his elbow, and chaining both the doctor and Jenny with his fierce eyes.' 'Can't I have an uneasy mind if I like ? Nobody's got any . right to interfere so long's I'm pleased, have they?' The argument was unanswerable, and both attendants looked very stupid at the sharp rejoinder. Bnt there came no chance' to renew the query, for Dan resolutely tb fused to see the doctor again. A new no tion had got into his head— that the doctor was in league with Thomley to poison him —to reduce him by slow degrees to a state of weakness, and then, when suspicion was not likely to be excited, quietly extinguish the life lingering in his frame. 'Jim will get me the herbs I want, and Joey can watch them infusing, and 111 very soon cure myself,' he said, with more energy than he had yet displayed. ' I may need all the strength I can get in a day or two if the fit comes on me.' /*? *X? £,. f \^X 1 i Vt''.i_ The next day, while Ban lay tiiinWn^ with hie eyes closed, and while Joeyana Jenny -were speaking in whispers, and moving shout as noiseleetly as possible, under the impression that he was peace* fully sleeping, he was startled by the rattla of wheels stopping in front of the cottage, and Jenny's joyful exclamation, ' Ob, Joey, it's Miss Hilda ! bless her kind heart and sweet face ! She's come all thet ?way from Edinburgh to see us, and maybe look how the old place is get ting on. Ill go out and tell her not 'to come in fer fear of waking Dan. \ He'a generally as cross as two sticks when he' -wakes, and she's not so able to manage finn' as me. All his big looka don't frighterrtue. I'm the boy to tame him when he's in lia' ; tantrums!' ? ?? . .: .:-tv7J ; Dan, lying with his face to;the walljjbofii' tinned to breathe heavily with his eyes closed, but bis thoughts assumed tfie rbrnlj of a growling imprecation at the tmuatt&fc1; ing speaker. ? - '?&'^T 'What in the name of blazes waB Vti&Bn; invented for but to torment us. : I wish IJ could pitch 'em all into the sea.' ?' ' ?'!'-'} In a moment or two he trasconsciwaslof a new .presence in the room, in the person , of Hilda, who was bending over his wasted and sunken face in hushed interest, while Jenny gave her a whispered account of hiB illness, the severity of the symptoms, and ' the odd fancies of the patient. : ' Poor, poor fellow ! if I had known he ' was eo ill I should have come out of tenet to see,' he heard Hilda say, in a voice tremulous with emotion and pity. ' How thin he ie — what a shock his system haa got ; and he fancied he saw papa looking at him out of the floor. I believe, with att.',' his apparent roughness, he loved poor papa. ? He looks as weak and helpless vm a child,1' ' and as the last words fell in' a subdued vrtisper on his ear, Dan felt-one soft, warm . tear drop on his big-boned hand as it lay i outside the coverlet. The tear seemed toT' burn into the skin and flesh, and Dan had great difficulty in keeping up the appear- ' ance of Blumber and steady breathing owing : i to a choking feeling- which suddenfyswellea V out in his throat. ''. 'Well, I'm blessed!' he thought, ualng''' a favorite adjective. 'Crying for merr I never knew but one that would drop a tear for me, and she's dead. I wish, she'd , go away quick. I don't feet quite com- . fertable. Hang it!, did I ask her to come here and cry over meP Can't people let ? me alone? Pd rather croak and ha' done ' ?wi'it ? .'! But Hida teemed in so harry to go. She/ looked round on the miserable den and :- contrasted it with the luxurious rooms at the manse which she was so soon to ,- occupy, and felt a pang of Belf-reproaca; . She -was sure that Dan's blankets were neither big enough nor warm enough, and arranged there and then with Jenny for a full supply from one of the best beds in Sunny Bank. And then the stone floor , caught hex eye, and a -warm carpet and cocoa matting were ordered from the same ,.-- place, with a great, roomy chintz-covered' - - easy-chair, which had been Dr. Malcolm's ,.,} favorite study chair for reading or think* - ; isg. Fowls, too, weie to be sacrificed inth* . 1 out stint till Dan .showed something, like. I his former strength; asd, after a dozen | more such directions and orders, Hilda at . i last tripped softly out of the room and was ; a driven off to Edinburgh, leaving Dan, - more uncomfortable than he had ever felt : ; in his life. . , . : '. '1 don't want people to be kind to me— :. and sympathising — and to drop tears onmyr hand,' he groaningly thought, '.especially ' her. If it had been anybody else but her. ,? I with ehe was married, an' it was all over, , for Tm blow'd if I don't feel inclined to let it all out, and save her, after alL' And when the. blankets were brought in, - a' great woolly, bundle from the big house, ? and. the matting, and carpet, and easy-chair ; ? ?? followed, Dan, to the amazement of Jenny,'.-: who had ' primhesied the most .rigorous' opposition on tis part, sat thoughtful and' -- EUent in bed while they arranged every--- - thing enugly and comfortably. He even ?? - allowed them to move back Ins bed to its. ??? old place, heedless of the stone with the»ij; cross being left unguarded.- Hilda's kind- -I ness was, nothing— in Dan's ignorance, of ' refined society he thought that that was -- merely a lesson: taught her.Bt schoal— but^ : tbe single tear-dropped on his hand -seemed : i to have sunk and sunk till it reached his ? heart, where it . burned and . glowed cease*, i leeely. Jenny 'was astounded, for she had; notjonce got an opportunity for calling him .? ??' ' a surly brute ' from the visit of ier youngv ? a mistress, and she even whispered -to Joey ; ?- that she thought the last sleep had done-1 ?' him good, and that he was really ?: { mendmg — in - temper — after all. And' that sight— when the curtain brought . from Sunny Bank was drawn across- i the window to keep out the draught,. .'? and the carpet laid, and a big fire roaring- '. in the grate, and Dan propped in the easy j chair by. the fire while his bed was being' ' ? made — to the astonishment of Joey, when ' be asked if lie would read him something, ' - Dan said 'Yes,' and proposed the Bible as the book to be read. Jim Jenkins,* who - : was making the bed in Jenny's absence, ' stopped in the spreading «f a blanket with; !ij ' something -like a thrill of joy at his heart'- 1 ' At last'' he thought, '«? Dan is beginning '?? - ? to think a bit. .The illness las done him' good, and he's jgoingto be a better man.' . ' '^ . But all this fond hope was rudely dis-- '' pelled when Dan added, with great zeat-^ . \~' ' Bead me something horrible and spiteful, ?' .' Joey, lad — something out of the old. Bible ;J about 'an eye for an eye, or a tooth for a'''''.'^ . tooth,' or ' wb oso sheddeth a man's -blood,'* ' .*; . and eo on; or about Agag being- hewea in .- ? - pieces before the Lord. Them's the sort of ;' ; ~ passages for me ! None o' your sentiment ; ^ ' ' and softness about them— good solid Scrip- ' ' ' . ture, which nobody can fight, about tfie ','.'''. meaning of,' and Dan rubbed his7 thin 'hands'' : .' ;; gloatingly, as if eagerly anticipating a treat : ' : . of no ordinary nature. ? : But Joey only -looked up in pained suiy' ' ; prise, and laid simply— i)ir ?' ' ° 'I don't care for them passages, Dan — ?. -j ' nobody does now but the Jews, 'and yoa. ' ~ 'know everybody .bates the Jews.'1 'You- ., ' wouldn't lie everybody to hate you, would, you ?' 'Shouldn't care a— a bit,' said Dan, coolly, very nearly saying something else* . , 'Don't want anybody to like me — except . ; you, Joey — oh, yes, except yon,' he added , with real feeling in bis tone. ' .'. .' ' But I can't like you if you like horrible : .;. things,' very gravely returned Joey. ' And jeu know you don't like them in reality — you only make believe, to frighten folk. Oh, I know you, Dan !' and Joey laughed over tig own acuteness and penetration, till & reflection of the smile was forced out on ?even Dana face. *' Now, look here — -HI read vyou a -far nicer 'thing',' and without ?gi?ing Dap time to object ofidictete,. Joey tamed up the fifth chapter of' Matthew, -and began to read the Ssrmon on the Mount. Dap listened in silence, while Jim JenkinB thudded huskily and tearfully behind the bankets over Joey's -easy victory ; but after a. little. Dan stopped the slew render, with ?lite words— ,. ' ; - ? ^V|*liead that bit over again, Joey,' and joey went back with his finger and read — '. 'Blessed are the merciful, for they shall ?obtain mercy.' 'Tell me what that means, Joey, for I don't rightly know,' aiiid Dan,' with his -eyesrialf dosed, and bis head. leaning inonghtfully on bis band. - '''It means not to be too hard on. them When you've the chance,' said Joey — u not to lit them on the head or grind them down too much.' ''Just bo, Joey, but what does it say about when you're merciful to one, and so feting a great curse on another? That's What I wan't to know.' , Joey looked over the whole chapter, but could find no light on the point, though he found and read with great emphasis the following words: — . 'Ye have heard that it hath been said. 4 an eye for an eye, and a tooth for a tooth, But 1 Bay unto you . . whosoever shall smite thee on the right cheek turn to him the' other also. Love your enemies, blesa them that curse yen, do good to them that : hate, and pray for them that despitef ully use- and persecute you, that ye may be the children of your Father which is in heaven.'1 . *No use reading any more, of that, Joey,' 8aid Dan resolutely. 'It ain't for meT It's too good. Vm not going to do any such things with my enemies, I can teU you, and them that persecuted me had better look out, that's all. But Tva a good mind to be merciful to them that didn't persecute me — them that I've no ill-will sgen, and that felt for me in my troubles — I'+e a good mind— I've a good mind — ' and the Test was lost to Dan's hearers, for he -seemed to relapse into deep thought, though thata great straggle was going on in His mind was quite evident from the bright pink of hifi cheeks and the trembling of his wasted hands. Ban spoke little more that night, and the gardener, believing that some good influ \- ence was at work in his breast, telegraphed to 'Joey with a look not to bother him with too much talt. At last Dan staggere'd and tottered back to bed and appeared to go to sleep, and Jim carried out his boy sad locked the door, putting the key in at Hie window in case of accidents, or Dan want ing something before morning. Then, when the sounds in the nest room, told him that they were housed for the night, Dan started up in bed with, hia eyes stall preternaturaUy bright, and his cheeks a fevered red. ''I've a good mind,' he muttered—* I've a good mind,' arid after a long look at 'the corner ;of the carpet covering his hide in the floor lie islowly and painfully crawled out of bed and made for the spot, his knees shaking under him, and his bandB clinging forfcripport to chairs, or table, or bedposts as they came in his way. Dropping on his knees' -with a long mason's chisel in his haBlsj-he -turned up the carpet and eyed theq&tbtote; long and earnestly, Btill furiously muttering his watchword, 'I've a good xnina ! She's a good girl, and I ought to save7 -her. She dropped a tear for poor Dan, who hasn't a friend except little Joey in the whole world. I've a dashed good mind- to do it!' la a minute or two he was prising desperately at the flagstone, and, though it was still loose, the exertion in his weak state brought a thick perspiration to his temples. At last, with many a panting rest, he got out the tin canister, replaced the. stone and carpet, and carried his treasure back to bed with him, where he hngged it close and tight in his arms, as one might hug a ^ftT^i^g child. 'I might make up my mind ell of a sudden like/' he thought, as he concealed the -canister at the back of the mattress, and composed himself to sleep. ' Then I would have it ready without letting any one see me take it out. Til sleep on it — oh, I wish I could sleep now — Bleep for ever.' Sleep would not come now — his excite ment had increased to a species of delirium, and he tossed and tumbled in pain. At length, far on in the moraine, he Blum bered heavily. Jim Jinkins brought him ia a hot cup of coffee, but found him so sound asleep that he did not disturb him, but left it to cool on the table by his bed side, while he went off in the grey light to see after some flowers and decorations that had been, uppermost in bis thoughts for days past. At last a great clanging and jangling awoke Hm to find Joey watching by his bedside, and the clear morning sunshine streaming into the room. The low level rays told him that the sun was not long above the horizon, but the clanging sound continued and puzzled him not a little. ' 'Why, Joey hid, what's that ?' he cried, bending bis head to listen. ' It can't be that I've slept two or three days, and that it's Sunday morning P' 'No, indeed, Dan; but its something far better. It's the bells ringing for Miss Hilda's -wedding. They're to be at it off and on all forenoon.' '? 'Hilda's wedding! Why, is this Christmas Eve, as they call it, al ready?' cried Dan with a powerful start, and feeling haetilv for the tin canister &t; the back of the bed. 'I was dreaming about Miss Hilda last night — and the old man — the doctor. He was pulling my sleeve, and looking into my face so pitiful like, Joey. My God ! I can't stand this any longer. I must go and see Misa Hilda, at the house now.' ' 'Oh, Dan! you're not able to go to the bouse, and, besides, Miss Hilda's not there. She's, staying in Edinburgh with her friends, and is to be married in the church there^— -the church 'you used to drive them to — 'with bridesmaids, and flowers, and everything grand,' and Joey looked round towards. the do» at last, as if fairly frightened at Dan, and convince! that he -was staring road. 'Then I must go in and stop it!' shouted' Dan, beginning to struggle from the bed and stagger -towards his long un used moleskins and heavy boots. ' You couldn't! you'd kill yourself out right,' cried Joey, laying a pleading hand on Dan's arm. ' Oh, Dan ! you love me, I know— won't you believe me? You're Tery ill indeed ; and wiil drop before you're out of the lane.' 'I won't I I'n^rHe jn!6_nj4ejj.bhy.^.j strajght^to thgllchiMch/Lfciamly, letaiTjiPid., lie. gaunt shadow, struggling- into hij3 looae clothes, with determination on every Brie of bis ?face. \ 'Don't'; be frightened. 'Joey, dear^imiot somad as I look; rmaensible and strofig-^thatis.pretty strong^-npt; over etrongi either, but' strong enough to go into Edinburgh and speak. to Miss 'Hilda before she marries vthat man.: I've a 'message to her— a'.message from her dead father.' _ Joey wrung his hands and burst into tears. - It was too clear to him that Dan was fairly insane, and he fully expected every moment to see him drop down on the ground in a heap, and die before his eyes, writhing horribly. But no such thing hap pened. Dan smoothed him with almost a woman's tenderness, and calmly refused to wait till Jim Jenkins returned, and then raised the hitch and went out into the cold air and' clear sunlight, walking with that preternatural stiffness and steadiness which some drunken men show when wishing to be thought sober. Out into the opea lane and then .into the next door he moved, and then Joey crawled across the floor to see him quietly though feebly fastening a saddle and bridle on the pony, which was whinnying joyfully to him as to an old friend. . 'Steady, Mary, hiss — I'm not so strong as I was, and you'll need to stumble none, or down m go like a log,' Dan was saying, .as He crawled about the pony like a wau ghost, with his clothes flapping loosely on his wasted frame. 'Now, then, steady, till I see if I've the message all right,' and he leant heavily on the Ipony while he felt his pocket for a moment and produced a common-looking tin canister, while Joey prayed madly all the while that God would send his father that way to save poor, mad Dan Lester. 'All right; now I'll get up,' said the feeble, sickly shadow, and then with some glow and desperate struggling he struggled on to the pony's back, where his long, lank limbs hung down nearly touching the ground, and his attenuated body swayed so iangerously .that he bad to cling with both hands to the saddle pommel to steady him self. . *' No, go, lass ! go ! but slow at first, or down I tumble,' he said, and the pony obeyed at once, as sensibly as if she had understood every word. Then, through the village from end to end went a shock of surprise, when Dan's well known figure, grown long and thin with sickness, was eeen riding smartly through to the Edinburgh road, looking more like a corpse than a breathing man. But no one -stopped him, and their surprised looks dis turbed him little, though they followed him every inch of the way. Carters looked up in astonishment akiu to horror at the ghastly face and ewaying figure; tramps stared vacantly, and in at Edinburgh scarcely a passenger looked at him without the same irritating and prolonged stare of wonder. The houses and big churches, and even the sky, were hazy and jumbled to his -vision, but the faces were clear enough to call many an imprecation to his lips. : ' Curse them all !' he groaned out from time to time as he neared his destination. 'Can't I look horrible, and white, and thin, if I like ? What have people got to do with, mv looks? Can't they let me alone?' (2b be continued.) 