Amusements. Thb IIklbottswb Pbize Caktata.— 'Victoria, the prise cantata performed at the opening of the Melbourne Exhibition, was produced again on Saturday afternoon in the Garden Palace, under the anspiaas of the Saered Choral Association of this «ty, and in the presence of a large, bnt aoi; over crowded audienae. The principals were — Jules Annis Voatague «s «oprano. Miss Eva Davenport as Bazzeioprano, Mr. Charles Turner as tenor, and Me. Farley aa basso. There was a Aae chorus, and a targe orahastra, and the wo^k waa con dooted by the composer of the music, M lieon Caron. The largo movement at the coaimenee saent of the eantata represents Victoria slumbering amidst primeval solitade, and from her slnmbensha is awakened by the Bound of voioea singin« the chorus, 'In siamben deep,' a etirrine pieoe of muBio whieh iauioely harmonised and finely iastru meated. Jndeei, the instramantation of the wort BAnavalhr umTM 4ha nnnnoor to be a master Of orohastral devices. The melodies are sweet, perfect ia form, and foi the most part harmonieed in the ?strict styla of composition, consequently the trans lation of them into sound is rarely offensive to the ear of even the most pedantic purist. Tte solos by the pnsoipali wera finely sung, indeed we neve* heard the ladies and gentlemen coscerned sing better. Mr. Turner's solo in the first part of tae oantata was especially beautiful; his clear fine voice rang through the building- without a single fanlfc being discernible ia its timbre, or in the einger'fi sense of time. ladeed a true sense of time was more perceptible in the singing «f the principals thaa ia that of the choruses, lar some of tbe choruses were hurried, or at least ap peared to us to bo hurried, and we think the orchestra had to hurry a little oc-*fc» sionally to keep up with the eingers. UeqneBtion ably, when the orchestra had to perform a prelnde or closing symphony to any of tho choruses, the time ; was much better kept than when the chouneeB were being enng. At least it seemed eo to us ; but then onr pereeptioBS of tte deficiency may possibly have arisen from out imperfect sense ot time. Mr. Farlay'B Boli were finely snug, and the words had the merit of beinir verr distinctly articulated. On ths whole the rendition of the piece was very creditable to all eojioernad. The music of the oantata is very pretty, and the harmonies which it comprises and the general instrumentation thereof are very emooth and effective. The pastoral mueio at the commencement of the second part might either have teem distinguished by greater variety, or hate been abbreviated with advantage ; but, nevertheless, on the whole the work is very creditable to the genius of its composer, and shows him to be a creative as well aa an executive musi cian. Qtjbk-n'b Thbatm.— Miss Georgie Smitbeoa. made her first appearance in Sydney at this house on Saturday evening last. ' Jo,' an adaptation, according to the bills, by the lady herself, from Diokens's '?' Bleak House,' served to introduce her to the audience. The part of the poor London street ar»b was sustained by Hiss Smithsca with very great&omty;, Jier maze-up was purfciuui&riy; buuui and very strikingly realised tho description of Joe familiar to readers of the famous noveL With pale, dejected and hanger-pinched face, with matted unkempt hair, with, ragged cloth ing and shoeless feet, her Joe at onee recalled the picture of 'tke wretohed waif as he is presented in Brown's (Quiz) well known illustrations of Bleak House. Joe, it will be remembered, plays only a com paratively subordinate part in the story — though the subject of some of its most touching episodes. In the dramatio version in question he assumes greater promineaee. The last act concludes with his death, and iu this, as ia many of the pre ceding aoenes, the actiag-. of Miss _ Smiths on is characterised by considerable feeling. Sho quite enlisted the sympathies of the spectators in the sufferings cf tbe unfortunate crossing sweepar, and was frequency ereetea with hearty applause. In the matter ot accent Miss SmithBon was i&ther; defective. It was scarcely that of a boy brought up in tho back slams of the pr«at city. That, indeed, is not a very serious fanlt when weighed Egaiast the seneral merits of her performance of the part Mica Smithson was tolerably well supported by the members of the company. Ia.th.is, as in, most adaptations of Diekens'e -works, a bare outline of the original plot and the actorB in it is represented, and not maoh. of the humour has been preserved. The funny scene, however, in which. Chalbland preaohes at Jo, and apostrophises him as as '' a searing human boy,' was given, and provoked muoh laughter. The series of character Batches whioh followed 'Jo,' exhibited the versatility of Mias Sznithson's talents to great advantage. She imper sonated, a la Maccabe, an English country girl, the Duchess of Devonshire, a B^ell of tbe period, an apere dancer, &c;, and was very hapoy in each — perhaps that of the opera dancer was the best. Is short, ifiea Smitheos is a remarkably clever lady ; she has an attractive face and figure; she siass agreeably; efce dances with spirit and grace, and, judging by her reception on Saturday night, her engagement is likely to prove a BucoesB. The Tiotorfa Football Club held their first annual picnic at Tennyaen «n Saturday last. The weather was all that could be wished, and about 300 persons ofbotheexesjtheleidiesprepeaderating.wereconveyed to the piaaio arounds in the steamer Defiance. There wera ample sports provided, iu the shape of dancing, football, cricket, racing, -fce. Tha excursionists arrived safely in towa at about 7 o'clook. The affair was a great success, both financially and otherwise, and great praise is due to the hon. secretary and treasurer asd ihe members of the club in gescr&L; Thsatbb Eotai.. — 'Eurek&V; last nic-fcte are announced, and also the fact that its successor is to be ' Struck Oil,' which will be produced on Satur day, There was a fair attendance on Saturday evening, aad the leading actors were well received. Gaiett Thkatbs — 'It is Never too Late to Mtad' was produced by l£r. Damoser asd company fox ike first time on Saturday, aad the result must be considered as eminently successful. Mr. Dam pier, in Tom Bobinsoa, has a part which enables him to brine into play all his versatility, and he leaves little to ba desired ia his itcpersoiiation. His imper sonation of the hero of Head's famous novel is worthy of a plaoe beside his Belphegor, and evinces tha same artistic skill and conscientious study. The remainder of the parts are well eaBt, and the pieoe very well mounted. We shall notice it aore fully shortly, OrBSA Houbb,— The ffltoatague-Tataer Company s-ppearea for the last time on Saturday, when ' II Trovatore ' was produced to an excellent hones. The talented couple who head the company were is excellent voiee, and the hearty applause which rewarded their efforts showed that they are sare of -? wainnMA w^imti tiiav ywt.ll I1 n 4?n Rtincr. Popolab Conceets. — Mr. F. J. Hallewell. the popular baaeo, has arranged for a series of eonuerts to be given in the Opera House during the present weak. Some of the best amatears ia the eoloay will take part, and the company as a whole will be in every way capable of rendering programmes that will 1)a thoronghly suited to the popular taste. Tha names of Mia* Madge Graham, Mrs Eiley nee bong, Sipwn* Fabria, Mr. Bixtohoy, Mr. RaJieweLi, aad Miee Hlavaraaak arc amouir those of the musi ?iaas who have eoBasstad to appear. Mr. W. J. Biker, of Highlands. Woodvffle-road. Gmnville, gave oa Saturday last an entertainment ot a not el character, aad oae that was suooaeaf ul ia achieving Ac objeot desired, viz., the enjoyment of about 40 oaildMU. He invited about that number of email folk to faia place, where they arrived, carrying huge floral tributes early ia tha afternoon. After some hours spent iu games and pastimes, the young pleunra-SMkor* were «aeorted to a buildiag be deeked with fMtoona, blossom, aad greenery, and regaled with all «orts of good thiairs, the result of Mrs. Baker's efforts fox some days previous. After lihowiag how tke sport* had empowered their appe- tite,*tha youngsters sang tha National Anthem, and gave three hoartv ohaaxs as a teimixiatioa to their ?ports. In a abort time Mr. Baker intends inviting the older boys to a oriokat matoh, or Bomething of the kind. Wilsoh's Circcs.— This celabratad oiroos was aa&oanoed; to opea to-monow eight, but it is now found tkat all eaanct ba got ready ia time, therefore tha opaalaff nurst will be Wedneadar iaitoaa of Tuesday. All tae compaay and parapharuaiia have arrived ia Syd&qy;, aa« no far&ar; daUy seed ba aBtieip«ted.Y YloiosiA KaXaw— D*Ar«xBaia*a ghosts walked, ot vat*** ecj[*mablea, for tb» Ub* tia» oa 8*tuto«^, bat he aananacec for Saturday next an entirely new catortainHest from Paris, eotiUed L'agtew-»a, whieh iaaajd to ba o.aitouopaxalialajl im Us ?paetaoa- jar ?hanwter. 