"AS A TALE THAT IS TOLDV" Br Kahuna. Chapter XX. I do not want to bo a wet blanket on thocn joyincnt of the others, nor do I wish to be ex cluded in tbc simply efficient manner su«gestcd by Frank, therefore I rally my spirits again and by the time|I can conscientiously gojaway to dress I am as contented as I was in the morn in- I crusb back the sigh that riBea as I stund in' my room with a confusion of flowers before me and tno sight ot them recalling that other night when I was lastdrossod for a party and twined flowers together for my hair, I put the roses aside with a hasty movement and choose flowers M different as they may well be. I gaze quietly into tho glass when I have fastened in tho last flower and think a little more calmly over that other night that seems years ago. 1 think of my reflection that night, my red roses and my shining silk, and the passionate eyes tbat looked out into mine. It is a very different picture in the mirror tonight-- a quiet figure in white lace and pure white flowers and the eyes that meet mine to-night arc only filled with a quiet sorrow, all the passion gone from them. I gaze into them almost unconsciously, and wondering dimly how long it will be before they will lose their sadness and be filled with peace again. Looking buck to that day— the day that faded so peacefully into the night that was so full of pain and! darkness to me— I can scarcely realise how it could be so. " How could I have been so happy ?" I say wondcringly. " Was there nothing to show me- how near the night was ?" And I fall to think ing pitifully of the Claud of that day who went singing through the garden with such light feet, and with no warning of. the- night that was meeting the sunlit day. " Oh why was I to be hnrt so cruelly !" I cry in my deep pain. " Why was I sent forth from my Eden — my Paradise— so soon?" I breathe a long weary sigh as I turn to leave my room. It was aucli a little while ago. The wound has not even Legun to heal yet. I begin to long recklessly for nnytliing to divert my thoughts and scare away my memory's ghosts from m». I go from one room to another with an indefinite wish to havo someone to speak.to me, but they are all too busy. In the hall my step- mother rustles by with her hands full of tilings to be handed over to Barbara, and she is too busy to look at me. I go on to Dolly's room, and find ber nervously hurrying to finish bar dressing. "Oh dear," she cries, "are you ready? Do come and fasten this for me— and- -will these do ?" She turns aside and displays tho flowers innrtistically arranged in her linir.. "Oh, Dolly," I say, promptly unfastening them and shaking them apart, ' 1 tliey are as loose as they can be ; thoy would be out before tho first dance was over." I put them together agaia- quickly, and tie them firmly, and Doily flurries on with her toilet. "Yes, I was afraid about them," she Bays, turn ing hastily towards mo when thoy are ready again. " Arthur rnado them for me and he made them too loose, you know." I twine them all together and replace them in her hair. " Happy little Dolly I" I sigh to myself, " '.Arthur mado it for roe !' " "There, will I do?" she asks anxiously when all is finished. " Oh yes, you look vory nico," I answer'; "come along now with me and let us have a loot at tlio decorations by candle light." In tho hall we join Arthur, who bgstovzs aglanoo of quiet admiration upon Dolly's little childish figure, and asks where we are going, " We are going to havo another look at the de corations," I tell him, and lie turns to come with us, quietly drawing Dolly's hand through his arm as wo go along tho hall. We discover Prank in the ballroom, lounging in solitary meditation, and looking supremely contented and handsome as he- regards the day's work with thoughtful eyes. "Doesn't Frank look nice?" I hear Dolly say as we enter the opposite door. "Healwaysdoes, "replies her companion ; " hat ho does look well to night though ; evening dress suits him." I look ncross at Frank ns they speak, nc docs look well, certainly, though his attitude is of the easiest and his expression a vacuum just now. " Frank !" I say, abruptly, and longing to hear any nonsenso from him that may break in through my own thoughts and kocp mo from noticing tho happy pair beaido me, " what arc yon doing idling about here like this?" My words are liko a ohalienge to his warlike spirit, and wo full to skirmishing in the old way. I am absolutely glad to talk, it is so much easier than thinking. Tho door opens ligain hurriedly, and my step-mother puts hor head in. "Come along to dinner," she says : "we hare not much time new." There is a prompt movomont, and we all hurry off to the dining-room, glad of anything like pro gress. It is a delightfully hurrisil meal, and overy one seems in the highest good-humor , while Frank scatters his pleasantries abroad with \- even more than his accustomed liberality, and I retort his thrusts and laugh as gaily as in my old light-hcartcil days. Dolly sits by tho side of Dr. Forrest, and looks vory happy and sweet-looking. . Amongst the earliest arrivals is Mr. Lcyden, and I feel almost nervous when I see him, and make another resolve lobe very careful of my manner to-night now that my eyes are n littlo opened. I cannot Help seeing the greeting in his eyes as lie eomcs towards mo. " Oh, dear," I say to my self, sorrowfully, "I do wish lie could see." Ho asks me at once for the first dance, nnd I have no choice but to give it to liiin. tliough . 1 would mi much rather have givon it to anyone else. I would rather have had my first dance with the Link even to-niglit. I nm glad that the arrival of others keeps 1110 busied until 1 am really obliged to return to tho ball-room, nnd I contrive to gather others round me until the first dunce, for I have nn almost un reasonable dread of a tctcai-tetc. When it is over I am surrounded again and feci relieved for it. . All the time I am talking and laughing to those about me I am going over it in my own mind, and thinking of what a very little cause there seems for all my uneasiness. Mr. Lcyden has scarcely said a single word that could lead mo to believe he was drifting out of friendship into love, nnd yet I am so certain of it. I think of tho days when I tormonted myself so in my wondering . ' whetherMr. Lanccfortli gave mo a second thought. He had said I was a kindred spirit, nnd told me that listening to me singing charmed away his . troubles like the water spirit's song. He turned . to me when I spoke and talked to mc as no one bad ever talked before, and yet I was full- of doubt and could not dare to bcliovc he cared for me any more than for Clare or Dolly, and now, though Air. hoyden lias scarcely spouon a word, i know as well as if I could see bis thoughts that he docs not look on inc in the same light as Dolly or Clare. They say a woman always knows when she is loved. I had laughed at that old saying a month or so ago, saying that no ono know, that a woman might hope and deceive 'horcsclf into believing it, but sho could never ho certain. But how I seem to undcrstaud the meaning of it. Truly it is ail from my own ' perception that I have seen already what I sup pose ho docs not dream he has betrayed. " Ah, it is so much easier to believe what one does not wish for !" I say forlornly. " If I had not cared, Tshoiildhavc bolicvcdhedidcarcformo, long before that day nt the Green Hills. It is so hard to believe in one's happiness I nm rcliovcd to observe, as tbe evening goes -on, that Mr. Lcyden has apparently accepted the meaning of my manner, and that lie has quite dropped back into the old friendly manner that be has always treated me with before. My spirits rcvivo under this reliof, and I say to myself that ho has seen what I meant he should see in my manner and has tacitly accepted it, and I am very glad of it. It makes me less con strained in my manner, too, nnd less careful of everything I say, and I am quite grateful to him as well, for his good sense as we sit talking in the most matter of fact fashion after one of the dances. The people near tis move a little farther away, but I do not mind in the least, I am so much at my caHcnow, and I listen placidly while lie talks to mo of his pcnplo at home and of his sister, of whom lie oftens talks to me, "When did you last hear from home?" I ask presently. " I had a letter from Nellie last week," I10 says, nnd thon, as if suddenly remembering -something, " You remember that Lancoforth ? Ho used to boat Kanarva ?" " Yes, I remember him." " You remember be went home to bo married to a cousin of his. I told you about her one time sot on tho river?" "Oh, yes, I remember j they lnd been eugaged -a long time, hadn't they?" I speak quietly enough, but my heart beats quickly. " You told me she was pretty nnil fair ?" "Yes." There is a movement near us, and Hamilton Whyte coinos to remind me of his dance. I feel as though I cannot leavo anything about ray fair-hnircd rival unheard, nnd I say, hastily, that I am tired — too tired to dance just now, but he can have tho next instead. I nover think of what I nm saying, nor remember that my next is engaged. All I want is to bo loft to hear what it . is my companion has to tell me. Hamilton Whyte looks profoundly dopressed, and goes off to find consolation somewhere else. " What wore you going to tell mo about yonr . sister:'" I ask, quickly, tho moment we are alone again, " It's not about Nellie altogether," he answers. " It's what she tells me in lier lottcr about May Wnldon. Sho and Ncllio are great friends, you know." Thcntliereisnnotlierinlcrrnption. I chafe under its delay nnd cry petulantly as the intruder moves away — ' I shall nover hear your sister's story !" " Not here, I'm afraid," ho answers at once, " shall wo go out on tho verandah ?" A moment ago I would liavo shrunk front the ( suggestion, but new I liavo forgotten everything hut my eagerness to hear anything of May Wnldcn. The name of my false love has thrust aside all other thoughts, I forget all my caution of this ovoning and I riso nt once and lay my hand on his arm. I am avon impatient of the tinip it tnKes us to pass along trie room ana out upon tho verandah, nnd when nt last we are out there I drop into the chair he places for mo and say, laughing nervously in my excitement, " Now please go on with this story — is Miss Wnldeh married yet ?" " No, she is not married yet, but sho will bo in a fortnight." ' I clasp my hands together in tho gloom and wait hi ailcneo for his next words. ".Yes," I say at last, as ho pauses. "They're to bd married in a fortnight?" " Stay Waldon is," bo returns, "hut not to Lanccforth though," A strange sensation comes ever mo at his care- \- less worJs, and tho hot color sweeps up to my choeks. I do not speak, but olosp my hand closor in my lap nndll almost hold my breath whilo I listen. " She's going to marry a young officer, Lorri- mcr 1 think his name is " Ho pauses again as if to he sure of tlio name. " Yes, that's it I'm sure— Fred I.onimcr. I knew it was something beginning with an L, Lorraine or 1 cirri dan or .something." I stir restlessly in my chair in my impatience of all this. " Why can't ho go on about May Wnldcn and never mind thenaino : I thmkides- pairingly. "Yes," I say again. "And tho old engage ment is broken off ?" ' Yes, the engagement between her anil Lanc:- forth's off." ' H v was it ?" I ask slowly, sneaking cnrc- full., lest I shall betray ray excitement. " Well, 1 don't know exactly. Xollio doesn't seem quite to know herself. She saysthnt Lancc forth was quite taken by surprise though ; lie laid no idea of n rival it seems, and when he got hack from his Australian trip lie wanted to arrange for tho marriage to take place at once. Of course ho was altogether in the dark about this young Lorrimor, for Miss .Wnldcn only met liim while Lanccforth was out here. She might have had the courtesy to ho off witli the old love before sho was on with the new. " And how did he take it ?" I ask quietly. " Lanccforth ? Oh Nellie says lie doesn't seem broken-hearted — but thch.'Laiiecforlh's such a strange sort of u fellow, you never know what lie means." . I think of my own mistake, hut say nothing. " To tell you tho truth," he goes on, " I don't fancy -May Wuldcn'slbcsoi'l ofgirlamanlikoLancc- fdrlli ivonbl break his heart over. 1 always thought the love was mostly on her side, though for that matter it doesn't seem that her love was very enduring either, but when I was at homo I know she was awfully in love with Lanccforth, nnd used to show it too. She's ono of those childish kind of girls who don't seem to mind let ting people sco their feelings— impulsive as ever she could be too, nnd rather shallow I used to think. Not at all the sort of girl I should lmve chosen, or that I should have expected him to choose cither. I suppose she got tired of his peculiar fashion of wooing— perhaps she didn't fed flattered by .his coming out here—and her fancy cooled a little, and I daresay Lorrimor paid lior more compliments. Nellie say she's not at all surprised, for .May is particularly fond of ad miration, and Laiiccforth's just the sort of man who would pay the fewest compliments." " But," I cry at last, longing to hear of him, "If he cared for her" — I pnuso there, scarcely knowing how to go on. " Oh I suppose he did," my companion. says, "lie may have hail a fancy for the wax doll order of hoauty ; I snpposo ho had or he wouldn't have been engaged to her." His words striko a suddenly discordant string in the confusion of my mind, and a pang goes through me as I sco now that I was right, for I have no doubt that her money must have been the attraction of May Waldcn in his eyes. My heart hardens again at the thought and I cry con temptuously. " Oh surely you don't really believe that en gagements arc necessarily love affairs? Miss Waldcn has money, didn't yon tell me?" "She had, but I forgot to tell you she lost every penny of it quite lately." " All I" I exclaim, witli a little hard laugh. " That explains his fortitude under the bereave ment of his love I" " Oil no !" cries Mr. Loydcn quickly, "I don't think that hud anything to do with it. 1 don't believe Laiiccforth's in tbe least degree mercen ary." now they all speak in his favor— all but me. " Why, he didn't break it off," Mr. Leyden goes oil. " It was Miss Waldcn herself who threw him over. He would have gone on with tile en gagement, I'm sure." "Oh yes, I daresay he would, it would have boon rather too much to want to break it off for no other reason than that. But I have na doubt Miss Waldon could see if he had such a thought, and of course she'd throw him over if she fancied he woMcd her for her money— I should, I know I" " You have a low opinion of mankind, I'm afraid, Miss Prescott, but really I think you're a little too hard on Lanccfortli. I feel certain he's not a fellow of that sort, and besides that," ho goes on, with tlio air of ono who finds ail un answerable argument and scores a point, "he's got plenty money himself, why should he want to marry for more ?" I do not answer liim, but wish he would go nn again, for my heart rebels against my own words, and I long to hear tins disinter ested championship of him whom I liavo tried so hard to forget or to think of with contempt. With tho remembrance of his earnest, low voice and his oyos fall of sincerity, I yield to their old 1 power and believe them still in my heart instead of shrinking with horror from their perfect hy pocrisy. It is so much harder to lose one's faith than anything else. If lie had gone away sooner, and before I hail found how false lie was, I would have loss pain to bear, I would liavo wept perhaps, would have shed tears that would liavo hotped to heal my sorrow— they and time: but I would have none of my passionate regret over my lost faith, and the tears that fall over a lost love arc not bitter liko the tears that fall hoplessly nnd despairingly over a broken idol. All I should havo lost would he ray lovo ; now I havo lost my love and my trust too, Toars and time soften the hallowed memory of lost love, hut they can never wear the bitterness from lost bolief nnd trust. I could boar it hotter perhaps if I could be- liuva UU «un uuu ov I»WV, nun vuuiu tuiun his lovo has nil that I havo ;lost— but I do not know, thinking of it is such pain that I do not know what can soften it 1 My companion speaks again and my thoughts como back to him. " Yoil know Lanccfortli— do you think he seoms a likely Riibjcct to marry a girl just for her money ?" ho usks.% "What olso, unless ho lovod her, and if so then do yon think ho would take it so qniotly ?" 1 speak almost oagoriy— making accusations and longing to hoar them refitted. "Well, perhaps be'didcaro and didn't like to lot all tho world know he was cut up over it." ho suggests. " Ho might, of course," I assent a littlo gladly —glad to hair anything suggested that scorns to clear him of my charge of merconnriness, and for getting for the moment that if ho loved May Waldon then .his falseness to inc was not more than his disloyalty to her. "If ho did," I say, almost to myself, "then how c)" M she have been unlruo to liim whilo lie was away?" " I can't think why she prefers this Lorrimor," answers Mr. Loydon. " Nell says he's nothing to compare with Lanccfortli, but she thinks M190 Waldon objected to Laiiccforth's undemonstra tive lovo making and liked the other one's stylo better — Noll says sho considers Lorrimer's man ner inclined to bo a little fast, but that May Wnlden thinks him perfect. I daresay Lauce- forth's worth a dozen of liim, only she's not got tho sense to soc it."- Ho goes on for a minute or two liko this, but 1 can bear it no longer, I would give anything to be away from sound ami light— away by tlio river or by tlio sombre pines where I might think about it nil and not have to speak and mind that my voice did not shake. I start up feverishly, anil puss my linnd over my eyes. " Hoiv hot it is !" I cry impatiently, " it is worso sitting still ?" Mr. Lcyden rises and offers me his hand quietly. . „ 'Como into tlio air for a moment," lie says, aud i takohis arm and walk beside kiin along tlio path while I havo a vnguo desire to slip awny suddenly from him nnd lose myself down among tho trees where no one would find me. We walk along for a- little whilo quite silently, ami my thoughts run on; through that distant day when I rode to Kanarva with Miss Miller, to the last scenes of my love story, through scones that aro such pain and pleasure to remember. I do not think of the present or of my companion, all iny thoughts arc away. "What arc you thinking of ?" ho asks sudden ly, and I start slightly nt his voice nnd answer hurricJIy — I— I was thinking of tho last party at Ka narva; do you remember?" " Remember ! yes I remember, that was the first time I ever saw you— I am not likely to for get it." I hoar every word He says, but I do not hood them. My thoughts arc all of the ageny of that night. I do not heed him until lie speaks again, after n pause. " Do you remember it ?" A little shiver flies over mc at his words. I am not likely ever to forget that night. " Why, you are shivering !" lie exclaims, " you aro not cold, are yoil ?" "No," I answer listlessly," I am not cold — but I suppose it's time for the dunce I promised Mr. Whyte, wc had better go in " " Its not time yet," he answers ; " but if you want to go in " " Oh no," I answer, careless now of what I say nnd glad to he even as quiet as I am, " I would rather stay out here a little longer— I would rather stay out hero whilo thoy have tho next dance too," I add recklessly. "You wouldn't mind losing Hamilton Whytc's society then ?" "No, not at all," I answer, careless of my words, and then I remember that he may possibly pre fer to go in, and tbat lie can scarcely go nnd leave mc, nnd I add, " but I don't want to spoil year evoning, though, I am very thoughtless— I had forgotton the' others." "So had I," lie answers quickly, "but I don't want to remember them, if you aro content to stay it is all I want." " You arc very kind. Let us go in, I did not mean to detain you," I say vaguely and hurriedly, and I make a movement towards the house. He stops in the pathway nnd detains me and I feci an indefinite disquiet at his manner. " Miss Prescott !" he says, in a lower voice, and ho bends over mo as I stand dismayed and shrinking beside him, "don'i, misunderstand mo ' Surely you know I would rather bo here with you — than unywiierc else in the world " Tho hot blood flics up to my check at his words, and I sliriuk back involuntarily, dismayed at his earnestness — when ray heart is aching witli tho memory of my own love ! I make a quick move ment to withdraw my hand from his arm, but he lays his hand oyer it and keeps it prisoner, and my heart sinks and my courago fails me, I am so sorry— so sincerely sorrow for it all. Why should I havo to reject the love 1 might havo whilo my heart is so empty I I try to answer liim quietly, but I do not know how to say what I mean. If he could only see ! Surely I have never given him any reason to believe that ho was anything but a friend to mo, but how can he know ? I feel this, even while I cry out against his blindness, and my heart falls lower as I stand helplessly listen ing whilo ho tells me I am more than all tho worM to him, "Oh, Mr. Lcyden!" I cry sorrowfully, "you havo misunderstood mo, I am so sorry !" Yet I do not know how to toil him how sorry I nm nor how utterly useless it is to ask mo to wait and to think about it. If I could only tell him all tho truth he would know at once it was usoless, but I cannot, and I have to search des perately witli words to answer him with. I have a great fear, now, that ho may think I have been encouraging liim to- night— how should ho know thoro was anything in his story to interest mc so that I should bo cagor to leave the dancing and to stay out hero with liim? I think of it with angry self-reproach. I was so careful before, nnd nt tho first words about May Waldon I lost all m yf caution. Only for that, this would nover have iiapponoUt' I'WhB coniusvi nuu uism.»juu ma eager wooing, hut my heart is more full of paia at tho quick, subdued regret in his voice when, at last, I have told him it is no uso asking mo to think of it again — I cannot change my answer, and. I beg him to promise to forget it all nnd let us be friends as before. " I cannot promiso to forget," he says, " but I will promiso to lot you forget." " Oh, Mr. Loydcn !" I cry reproachfully, "you' do not know how much in earnest I am ! Surely you don't think I nm so heartless that I shall for get all about it? If you know how sorry I am andhowmuoh I wish you to be just my friend oh you were before, you would not speak liko tbat !" "I amsnreyou are in earnest," lie answers mo gently, " and I did not mean to hurt you. Porlinps some day I shall begin to understand our being friends ns we were before. Don't bo angry witli me if I cannot say I understand il just now, will yon ?" Then wo talk a littlo longer and ho tells mc not to mind, for that I never deceived him his own licnvt deceived liim. And thon I remember how long we had been out,, and glance over to tho house, half expecting to see some ono looking for us. "Mr. Whyte will ho waiting for you," he says quietly. "Shall we go back ?" " Oh, I cannot dance .'" I cry hastily ; "I can't, go in yet !" " Don't danco this time," ho says kindy. " Go away to tlio quietest part ot the house, and I will tnl! liim vnn nrn ntnrai»i.1 t'nnn . ..U..1I l?" . = I am so grateful to him for his Ihoughtfulnoss, that I put out iny hand with a sudden impulse of thanks as 1 turn away. ' Thank you," I say softly. Ho takes my hand in both his and looks down nt mo with grave sorrowful oyos, " Don't thank mo/' he says, "it is my pleasure to try nnd please yon." His kind words touch my lonely heart, and the tears rush to my oyos. "You aro very good to mo," I murmur, trying to steady my shaking voice, and I draw my hand from his clasp and slip away to my own room. With blinded eyes and sorrowful heart I sink down on my knees in a helpless, desolate way, and lay my face forlornly on the bed, with a vague feeling that hero like this I nm nearer to tho only friend who'can eomfort ns. I can hear my heart beating heavily as I ktieel there in tlio silence. I wish 1 could keep iny thoughts from flying on so fust. I cannot think of anything. All I have hoard about Ivan Lanccfortli goes through my brain until my head lurous iikc my ncart, alia wncn i tliitiB ot .Mr. Leyden's words to rao, of the sadness of His voice and face as I lost saw him, 1 can scarcely bear tho pain thoy give me. " Oh, how cdn I go back among thorn itli nguin now !" I say wearily, "Why can't I stay here in the dark !'! lint I know thoy will soon be looking for mo, and I remember I must ho hack for tho next dance. The thought of dancing and listening to Hamilton Whytc's com- plimcnts is almost unbearable, and I draw a long sigh ns I stand a moment irresolutely with my hand on thcr door handlo. Down the hall I hear voices and hurry along with a desperate effort to look composed. As 1 turn the angle of tho pass- ago the drawingroom door opon9 anil Frank comes out. " Claud I" he calls, "wherecver have you been ? I've been looking everywhere for you — Whytc's been wniling for his dance." "Is ho? I'll be there in a minute," and hurry on not looking at him. " Why, what's tho matter?" ho exclaims sud- denly, as l pass close to niui and lie catches sight of ray face, "you're as white ns a ghost ! Don't you foci well?" . Frank's voice is changed from His first careless tone, and bo looks at me anxiously.- "Don't go in, Cliunl, if you're tired," ho be- ginB. But I break in, knowing it will look very strange if I stay away longer, " ob I- shall he right again in a minute, I felt a littlo tired, and went to my room for a little while. I'll go back now though." And wc go back to tho ballroom together. " .Miss Prescott !" murmurs Hamilton Whyte, pathetically, " you're awfully unkind. I've been roaming about looking every where for you in tho most desolate fashion, you don't soma as though you wanted to give me this dance — have 1 offen ded you ?" " Oh nonsense I answer lightly, " I wasdc- tainod during the last danco— didn't Mr. Loydcn apologise for me ?" "Ob. yes, he said you wore engaged somewhere, but I began to think yon were going to stay away all night." " I'm sorry I spoilt your danco," I say politely, " but I could not help it." I have an impression that this affected solitude of his during the last dance was very likely a grateful little rest, for tho room is hot, and ho has danced a good deal already. I am terribly wearied with his flatter ing speeches, his covert compliments make mo angry, and I drop into unusual quietness, chaf ing at very word. I am glad when the dance is ovor and my haudsome partner leads mo to my place again, but I am ns wearied with all my partners, their common places jar on my car, now when my heart is so A.U» «U9 """'b'"") few rest of the night like one in a dream, ray own voice sonnding unnatural when I talk and the laughter and music around rao boating through my brain like the sound of tho sea. It seems hours and hours before the first of the guests begin to drop out of the rooms, and little groups of radiant, laughing girls appear in the hall with their light wraps alnjut thorn and talking ani matedly while tbey wait for tho buggies coming round. I say good-bye to thom as brightly as I can, nnd stand for a moment looking after them as thoy drive away through tho faint morning, and listening to their voices as they laugh and call from one party to another. How happy they all seem ! A dark figure comes, towards me as I turn to go in again. " Frank," I begin, and stop again, seeing I am mistaken, " Oh, Mr. Leyden," I faltor ner vously, "aro you going?" " Yos, I have como to say good-bye before you go in. I nm going to town for a littlo while — I shall not eeo you again before I go." I hold out my hand silently as he pauses. " wooa-nye, no says gemiy, i am vory sorry . I liavo distressed you— don't be vexed with mo for it ?" " Good-bye," I say lowly, and ho says again gravely and gently. "Good-bye— God bless you !" iBtnndquite still when ho leaves me, and I lean my head against the pillar of the verandah, ns I watch him pass away into the darkness or the trees as so ninny other things seem to liavo passed out of uh life before. " Good-bye !" I murmur passionately, " good bye to my lovo and now good-bye to my friend ?" 