THE STORY-TELLER THE KEY OF THE IRON SAFE. Chapter I. The firm of Netherston and Milbourne, solicitors, tenanted chambers in one of those vast buildings, Aladdin's Palaces, devoted to business purposes, which have, of late years, sprung up in our capital. It was a huge rabbit- warren of offices, piled up Jtugh, floor upon floor, aid filled with lawyers, brokers, mer chants, agents, and by the many who, escaping distinct classifications, are only known vaguely to all their friends and acquaintances as < something in the city.' Within the imposing entrance the long list of the names of the in habitants inscribed upon the walls were as pages after pages of the Commercial Directory printed in capital letters. From the hall a" , grand staircase ascended to amazing heights, and interminable corridors branched off in all directions. Indeed," 'from the roofs above, where prodigious families of pigeons congre gated, to the cellar below — a labyrinthine kingdom, possessed by a famous firm of wine merchants— the house— Great Grasshopper House Chamber, Gracechurch street, was the proper address— was quite densely populated. All day long there resounded through its numerous passages the humming as of many hives of bees. There were echoes and re-echoes of" distant voices and footsteps ; . curious re verberations and whisperings seemed to lurk in all the nooks and corners of the edifice ; while the closing or slamming of remote doors produces sounds now of a rumbling thunderous sort, and now of the sharply-explosive cha racter of pistol shots. ' It was a most busy place. This, of course, was in the day time. At night Great Grasshopper House was as- a temple of the dead. Its tenants all had fled from it. A strange hush fell upon it ; all was solemnity and silence. Life seemed wholly extinct in it save that at intervals a watchman or caretaker, carrying a lanthorn and wearing a sort of human-glow- worm look, crept quietly about the halls, pas sages, and staircases, to secure the building and its contents against injury irom tmeves or fire. A 'tell tale clock' enabled his em ployers to ascertain whether this functionary had or had not performed his nocturnal duties regularly and punctually. Chapter H. Mr. Netherston, the head of the firm, was not in a position to stir himself much about its transactions. He was of advanced age, and his state of health was precarious ; he had not absolutely retired from business, but he only visited London occasionally, residing for the' most part in his picturesque and comfort able villa at Torquay. He placed implicit confidence in his junior partner, David Mil- bourne and by him was kept constantly ad vised concerning the proceedings at the office. The partners were friends of long standing ; Mr Milbourne even had been articled to Mr. Netherston. They had prospered greatly, en- iovine the confidence of numerous clients of wealth and distinction in the city. They were concerned for many public compames and in stitutions of importance. Altogether, they were to be viewed as solicitors of enviable repute and good fortune. - Mr. Milbourne was now of middle age and looked perhaps older than he really was. The flight of the years found record in the dines «tpon his forehead and the deep wrinkles about his eyes ; in- the iron-grey of his hair and a certain dimness of &ght; which com pelled him to resort, to spectacles very fre quently. He was less upright of figure than he had been ; of late years his shoulders had become rounded somewhat, the result, per haps, of his habitual bending over his desk In the attitude of writing. He had never married ', a love affair in early life, resulting jn bitter disappointment, was alleged to be the explanation' of his celibate state. But no Imp snoke on the subject now; Whom, in deed could it concern ? The early love \- Affairs of mature gentlemen of fifty are but as that kind of 'ancient history which is unoer- ? An be very uninteresting to everybody. Milbourne occupied handsome apart- to Clarges street, Piccwttly. He had been for many years the tenant of Mrs. Bellamy's drawing-rooms in that street. He did not pfctend to be a man of fashion, but he admired find enjoyed the West End of London. He usua ly dined at his club, the Mausoleum in Pall Mall. After dinner he repaired to the card-room of that establish ment ; nothing pleased him so much as a game of whist. Indeed, whist may be described as his special hobby and form of recreation. Whist has been known to keep him up very late at night, and away from his bed in Clarges street. But as Mrs. Bellamy was wont to observe, ' he gave no trouble.' He let himself in with his latch key, lighted his candle and crept up stairs quiet as a mouse. And Mrs. Bellamy had known gentlemen that were uncommonly noisy, to be sure, when they came home at nights. But Mr. Mil-, bourne was that steady and considerate, he was quite beyond praise; while for punc tuality in the payment of Ms debts to her, clockwork was nothing to him. So Mrs. Bellamy maintained. \- Chapter IH. One morning between eleven and twelve, a sprightly, sharp featured young man knocked at the door in Charges street. Mrs. Bellamy promptly appeared. She usually deputed the duty of opening the door to one of her ser vants ; she employed two, she was wont to state with some pride, and there was no need, therefore, for her to perform menial duties. But, as she afterwards observed, it was a morning of some confusion, and she was -never above being useful ; happening to b(T in the hall when the knock came at the door she had straightway opened it. The young man smiled and nodded in a manner that might be thought affable by some ; and impudent by others. Mrs. Bellamy not being quite clear which it was, preserved a stately calm, and a certain rigidity of port as she turned questioning looks upon the visitor. ' You remember me ?' he said, quickly. ' I'm Mr. Callow, from the office.' ' Oh, I see, Mr. Milbourne's articled young gentleman,' she answered, with a change of aspect. Then, after a pause, she asked. ' Do you bring any message from him ?' ' From him ? No. I wanted to see him.' ' He is not in at present.'. When do you expect him in ?' I can't say. I don't know Vhen to expect Mm.' ' At what time did he start for the city ?' Mrs Bellamy seemed troubled how to reply. Presently she said with some hesitation, ' I really don't know anything of Mr. Milbourne's movements.' ' The fact is,' said the young man, ' we can't get on without the key of the iron safe. As Mr. Milbourne did not turn up at his usual hour, I've been sent here to ask about him, and get bis key. We thought he must be ill, or something or other had happened to de tain him. Mr. Kimber — our chief clerk, you know — told me to come here as quickly as I could and make inquiries.' ' Mr. Milbourne's not at the office then ?' said Mrs. Bellamy. 4 Of course he isn't, or I shouldn't have come here to ask about him.' ' It's odd. I thought perhaps he'd gone on straight to the office, I have not seen him tMs morning ; now I think of it, I haven't seen him since yesterday morning.' Well, if he isn't here and isn't at the office,' observed the articled clerk, ' the question is, where in the deuce is he ?' 'One can't help feeling a little anxious,' said Mrs. Bellamy, nervously — the colour had faded from her cheeks, which were not pallid ordinarily, and her voice trembled somewhat. One does hear of such dreadful things hap pening. I suppose it's no use beating about the bush. It's best to tell the truth.' The truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth — that's your sort,' said Mr. Callow, laughing. I don't know that there's much to laugh at,' Mrs. Bellamy returned, with an air of re proof. 'But I must tell you that Mr. Milbourne did not come home last night.' ' Not at ah? Stayed out all night !' In his surprise the articled clerk whistled noisily. ' If such a thing had happened to me people would have said all manner of things.' ' But Mr. Milbourne's so particular steady and respectable.' ' I dare say the steady and respectable have their larks occasionally, you know,' said Mr. Callow. < T3«i4- Tiie» nl lifn Wilt? quite old.' ' I don't know whether some of those old boys don't have more fun than the young ones,'' the articled clerk remarked, sagely. One thing, the old boys have usually more money to fiing about them. And fun costs money ; that's my experience. All the same, I never saw many symptoms of fun about Milbourne. What's become of him, I wonder? We shall have to advertise for him, I suppose ; " Lost, stolen, or strayed, an elderly gent,- : answers to the name of Milbourne, Christian name Daniel. Round shouldered, hook-nosed, gray haired, uses spectacles, takes snuff, car ries an umbrella, etc., etc., etc." Depend upon it, it's a case for the. police.' ' It's no laughing matter, Mr. Callow. That's my opinion of it.' Mrs. Bellamy was quite right. It was not a laughing matter. Chapter IV. Mr. Callow spent many hours riding in a hansom cab to and from Clarges street and Great Grasshopper House, mating inquiries concerning Mr. Milbourne. It was taken fgr granted that he would present Mm- ; self in the. course of the day either at the office or at his residence. But time passed, be did not appear, and no tidings of him were forthcoming. It was evidently inconvenient, to say the least of it. Mr. Kimber, the head clerk, was much perplexed. He tried to persuade himself that Mr. Milbourne had been, sud denly sent for or accidentally detained somewhere. So many things might have happened. He might have been summoned soin£ distance to take instructions for a will, s:iy a client in extremis, who could not be left for a moment, who had many instructions to - give, and was only intermittently competent to give them or to advise with his solicitor ; or suppose that Mr. Miibourne himself, or that Some one of his next relations, had heen seized with illnessi as that so improvable . Throughout the day Mr. Kimber continued to watch. the office door and to listen .for the -v. sound of approaching footsteps. If Mr. Mil bourne himself did not appear— and it was always likely that he would— it was only reasonable that a messenger, a friend, a post man, a telegraph boy, would bring news of Mm. Still no news came. _ . As the hours went by, Mr. Kimber grew more and more uneasy. He could scarcely conceal now that he was anxious and alarmed. Something must have happened,' he said to himself, over and over again; and soon he was persuading himself that the something in question was something serious—something very serious indeed. He did not wish it to be thought, however, that he had taken alarm too readily. He might undergo reproach if ; he acted too energetically or treated as a grave > mystery a matter wMch might really be sus- 1 centible of a. verv si mole explanation. It would be too absurd if he were to raise a great ; hue and cry or set the police about a man. j who might be distant only a stone's throw, or coming round the corner safe and sound even at the very moment of a great search for him : being set on foot. For these reasons Mr. Kimber was loth to quit his attitude of wait ing and watching, the while he reflected that soon he must do something — he knew not what — but something — if Mr. Milbourne did not presently appear. ' So unlike Mr. Mil- , bourne,' he frequently repeated. 'So very ; unlike Mr. Milbourne. He never did such a i thing before. To tMnk that we should be all day long without the key of the safe !' i It is to be explained, however, that Mr. Mil- ! bourne was not in the habit of taking away this key with him, for it was an instrument of substantial size and weight, by no means j suited for deposit in a gentleman's pocket. \ He was usually content to place the key in his writing desk, which was secured by a j patent lock. Arriving at his office, it bad j been his wont to unlock his desk and release J the key of the safe, which was not, it will be ! understood, a mere strong box, but an iron- j cased chamber of some size, containing all i the more important books, papers, and j writings of the firm. 1 Mr. Kimber was surprised to find that Mr. j Milbourne's desk had been left unlocked ; the '' key of the safe was not within it, however. Access to the safe was very necessary for the carrying on of the business of the firm. Cer tain of the clerks found some difficulty in sufficiently occupying themselves in the absence of the key and of Mr. Milbourne. A duplicate key, as Mr. Kimber knew, was in the hands of Mr. Netherston, at Torquay. It might become necessary to apprise Mr. Netherston of Mr. Milbourne's non-appear ance, and apply for the duplicate key. But this was not a step to be taken without de liberation. It was very desirable that in his state of health Mr. Netherston should not be troubled. But, of course, he would have to be troubled in the event of Mr. Milbourne's absence continuing. The day passed. To Air. Kimber's great distress nothing was seen or heard of Air. Milbourne. Air. Kimber resolved that he would defer action in the matter till the fol lowing morning. It was probable, the early post would bring news of the absent solicitor. Mr. Kimber, however, passed a very restless night. Chapter Y. The morning came, still Air. Alilbourne did not appear, nor did any letter, message, or telegram from him arrive at the office- Air. Kimber resolved that there now was no help for it ; the police must be communicated with, although no public alarm was yet to be given. Air. Callow was dispatched by express train to Torquay, the bearer of a letter to Mr. Netherston, informing Mm of the position of affairs, and applying for his duplicate key. The police- constable, consulted as to the disappearance of Air. Alilbourne, inquired when he was last seen. Inspector Ferraby, an officer of repute for his sagacity and energy, took charge of the case. The Inspector's questions, and the answers he obtained, both in the City and the West End, informed him of Air. Milbourne's habits and ways of life. In the matter of work, it seemed he was 'not accustomed to spare himself ; he was never in a hurry to quit his desk. Occasionally, but not often, he had remained in his office after the de parture of his clerks. Had he remained in his office on the night of -Ms disappearance? It really seemed that he had. He bad dis missed the clerks, telling them that there was no occasion for them to remain. He was always a considerate gentleman, they said ; but he had some writing to do, he stated, and he could best accomplish ' it in the quiet of Great Grasshopper House, after office hours. Air. Kimber had left Air. Milbourne seated at i bis desk in his private room, which opened into the clerks' office. Air. Kimber had turned down the gas, but had not turned it off, knowing that Mr. Alilbourne would re quire some light to find bis way to the Guter passage. Half anTiour after the closing of the offices it was usual for the housekeeper, who lived on the premises, or her servants, to enter with brooms and brushes, to sweep up any dust or litter, rate out the grates, and generally tidy and cleanse the rooms. Inspector Ferraby examined the house keeper. She had entered the offices at her usual time. It might have been half-past seven or a quarter to eight. Mr. Milbourne was not there then. The offices were quite empty. She had not seen or heard Mr. Mil bourne go. In so large a building it was quite a chance if she ever heard or saw the going or the coming of any person in par ticular. She knew that he had gone how ever, because she did not see his hat or Ms umbrella. He always carried an umbrella. Supposing, then, that Mr. Milbourne had left his office at seven o'clock, say, whither had he gone? Not to Glarges street ? Mrs. Bellamy was positive as to that. Nor to his club? The Inspector had carefully inquired at the Mausoleum. Air. Milbourne had not dined there upon the night in question. Nor had he been there since. It came to this, then : Air. Alilbourne had been last seen alone by Mr. Kimber at about half-past six. The solicitor was sitting at his desk ; he said simply that he should not be long, but that he wanted nothing more, and no one need wait; for him ; and in a friendly way he bade his chief clerk good night. An hour later and his room was empty. He had gone forth, and nofcliing more was known of Mm. No one had seen him. _ To be precise, it was on the night of Tues day, the lith March, that Mr. Alilbourne dis- appeared. It was on the Morning ofthe 15th that Mr. Callow called in Clarges street ; on the 16th he was sent down to Mr. Netherston, at Torquay, who forthwith telegraphed that he would himself arrive in London on the 17th, bringing with him his duplicate key ot InspectoFarraby confessed to himself that 1 1.3 ttm nnf. rn eon- ne was puzziea. xx« — — — T fess as much to anybody else, however. Jm- deed, he did not hesitate to maintain that he possessed a clue to the mystery, the while e assumed an aspect of shrewd reserve an calm vigilance. He had fairly taken up his abode in Great Grasshopper House. Chapter YI. With the presence of Mr. Netherston upon Ain dAana nn/1 fVlO TVrr»f1 II pf.l Oil Of hlB dllPllCate lllic DUOUOj QUU _ VUW f m «a> key, the mystery of the disappearance of Mr- Alilbourne was solved, but in the most painful and even appalling manner. The strong room having been opened, the body of the missing solicitor was discovered in a huddled attitude upon the iron floor. Apparently the poor man had been thrust into the room with some vio lence. There was a wound upon his scalp where his bead had struck against one of the iron shelves of the safe. He had, perhaps, already taken up Ms hat and umbrella when the murderous assault was made upon him ; at any rate, these rested beside his body. It was possible, of course, that they had been flung into i>he safe after him. ' Alurder,' observed Mr. Ferraby, in a low tone, ' if there ever was a murder.' Mr. Netherston was deeply affected. He staggered back in a fainting state, and but for the support of Mr. Kimber would have fallen heavily. Presently he recovered Mmself , how ever, and said with great solemnity and force : ' My poor partner ! I have lost the best and truest friend man ever had. One more true, hearted and right-minded, more just and honourable in his dealings, more kind and tender and amiable in all the relations of life than my poor partner, Daniel Milbournat never trod the earth. But our duty is clear. A foul and crnel murder has been committed. Justice must be vindicated. God will help us ' to discover the criminal and avenge the crime. Inspector, you will understand that no ex- 1 pense will be spared. There will be an inqtfest,, ; of course. No doubt the Government will offer I a reward for the discovery of the murderer. I i shall myself offer a like reward or a larger. I will spare no pains or money in dragging to j justice the murderer of Daniel Milbourne.' | A doctor was sent for, but rather as a i matter of form than for any other reason. He pronounced, what all knew beforehand, that Air. Milbourne had been dead some days ; that he had died from suffocation. Excepting the wound upon his head his body showed no marks of violence. His dress was not torn or disordered in any way. There was no evi dence of his having been engaged in any con flict with his murderer. A forcible push into the strong room, and then the quick turning of the key upon him, and the murder of Daniel Milbourne seemed to have been accom plished. 'A word with you, Inspector,' said Mr. Netherston. They conversed in low tones apart from the others. Who has done this ?' ' That's rather more than I can tell yon at -present, sir,' answered Inspector Ferraby. ' Do you suspect any one ?' ' In cases of this kind I make it a rule to suspect all parties until I find evidence point ing to one party in particular. We begin m the dark, of course ; that's nature, that is. But we grope our way to the light by degrees, or the light dawns upon us.' ' But what is your first step usually in a case of this kind ?' ' We look about us, sir. We watch and wait. Sometimes the other side, I mean the criminal, does something to help us-i— tries to throw us off the scent and so puts ns on. Criminals must always be doing something ; they can't keep quiet. That's the nature of criminals, and then we asked ourselves who had any thing to gain by the murder ? and who was last with the murdered ? That helps us, you know.' ' Kimber was last seen with Mr. Milbourne.' 1 Most respectable man, Mr. Kimber, I've no doubt,' observed the Inspector. Valuable and confidential clerk, I understand ; been in the service of this firm a number of years. Man of excellent character, who could produce, I'll undertake to say, any number of first-class tes timonials. Might I ask if you ever contem- plated giving him his articles — that's the cor rect expression, I believe, and taking Mm into the firm ? Or — to put it plainer— had Air. Kimber anything to gain by the death of either of the partners ? Would his own in terests be advanced in any way by the re moval of Mr. Milbourne ?' 4 Good heavens, man,' cried Mr. Netherson, ' you don't suspect Kimber of the murder ? You might with as mucbrjeas'on suspect me?' Pardon me, Air. Netherston,' said the In spector, 1 you could prove a clear alibis you know. You were at Torquay. Now Air. Kimber was on the spot, and more than that, he was the last person who saw Air. Mil bourne alone. The murder -was committed between 6 and 8 o'clock we'll say. Kimber admits that he was on the premises until 6. That brings him rather near the crime, to say: the least of it. You see, he had abundance of opportunity. Ie knew all about the safe. It was very easy for him, so respected and valued as a confidential clerk, to approach quite close to his employer and give Mm a push. It was the work of a moment, no doubt. Mind, I don't say that Kimber did it ; that's to be proved. But we must suspect: someone, why not Kimber ? After all, what' do you know of Kimber really? - What do employers ever know of the private lives, the doings and goings on, of their clerks ? For all yon know, Kimber might have speculated deeply and lost — not on the turf, that is not likely — but on the Stock Exchange; or he may have robbed you, embezzled money and falsified accounts ; such things are done every day. Of course you have never suspected him, and have not found him out. But sup pose Air. Milbourne made certain discoveries, and remained late at the office to have a pri vate talk with Mr. Kimber, out of hearing of the other clerks; it might — I don't go, fur ther than that— I say it might be worth Kim ber's while to push his employer into the strong .room, and make an end of him. Sudden provocation, what the doctors call homicidal -impulse , and the thing's done.' ' If you suspect Kimber you may as well snsoec any ahaerotfbody etae. The other clerks. the housekeeper, her servants, fire watchmen, the people in the rfjoming cham bers, the other tenants ot offices in Great Grasshopper House, the commissionaire : at the entrance, the policeman outside, the Q aggers- by in the streets. , ' I ma/happen to suspect a good many t finii the rinht one to suspect, said the Inspector quietly.. - B I must begin with someone, so I begin with Kimber There will be no end to it. We -shall get into such a state of suspicion that we shall Sink everything, the most tnflmg arhde about us suspicious and possible evidcem &e; case. As Mr. Netherston spoke he glanced round the room, seeking, as it feLied, a means of illustrating his reprks. ' Those gloves for instance.' He pointed to a pair of light tan, coloured gloves resting npon Mr. Mflbourne's writing tableland about half-Mdden by the inkstand. ' Whose gloves are they, by the way ? They're not mine. Nor mine,' said the Inspector. « No, nor poor Milbourne's. He never wore gloves that colour, and he could i noi LTe squeezed his hands into gloves of that size. Inspector Ferraby promptly took possession of the gloves, and, with an assumption of a careless air, hq sought their owner. He ascertained that they did not belong to Mr. Kimber, to Mr. CaUow, or any of the other clerks in the office. They were a mans gloves, of small size. They had been worn, but were not much soiled. To whom did they belong? Were they, indeed, to be con sidered- as a clue to the discovery of poor Mr. Milbourne's murderer? . The Inspector examined them closely. . Did they present any marks by wMch their owner might be traced? The Inspector smelt them. Was there not a feint odour about them, as of sulphur or turpentine, betraying that they had been cleaned ? Were these signs initials ? This was certainly the name cf the maker or the trader who had vended them ; and the figures denoting the size were plainly visible, ' 7f . A stranger's gloves found in the murdered man's room! The inspector wrapped the v _ .. 4-li Am in Viia gioves in paper auu ucpuoitcu m wo pocket. He made an entry of some length in his note book, and then took to brooding a good deal over the matter of the murder, as though discovery conld be arrived &t; by a sort of incubative process. Chapter VH. The murder made a great stir. The news papers found it an exciting theme. Re porters, descriptive writers, and draughtsmen upon wood for the illustrated journals clustered about Great Grasshopper House day after day providing the public with the latest intelligence of the occurrence, with pictures and portraits of the places and persons most concerned. - The Great Grass hopper House Tragedy, as it came to be called, was speedily a general topic of con versation, and even tock rank, as an eminent writer expressed it, ' among the few domestic eventB which by the depth and expansion of horror attending them rise to the dignity of a national interest.' It was pointed out on all sides that what had been Daniel Milbonrne's fate yesterday might be the fete of any other lawyer, merchant, or man of business, to morrow or even to- day. And people asked each other nervously, ' Who was safe?'— nor was any satisfactory reply forthcoming. There was, of coarse, an inqnest. The coroner's jury viewed the body, the strong room, and. generally the premises occupiedby the firm of Netherston and AElbourne. The facts, of which the reader has already been informed, were dul stated in evidence by Mr. Netherston, Air. Kimber, Air. Callow, and others. There had been a post-mortem examination of the body. Inspector Ferraby was called. In the course of Ms testimony, he produced the gloves found in Air. Mil bourne's room.. He was obliged to confess, however, that he had not succeeded in tracing the gloves to their owner. The case was enveloped in mystery. It was proposed that there should be an open verdict : Wilful murder against some person or persons un known. Suddenly a voice was heard in the court. ' Air. Coroner, I request that my evidence may be heard. Those gloves are mine. I identify them.' Chapter YHI. There was considerable excitement, or what the newspapers call sensation,' in court. A gentlemanly-looking, well-dressed young map stepped into the witness box. He was of fair complexion, but somewhat sunburnt, with light-coloured and curling hair, a small moustache, but no whiskers. He possessed regular features, almost effeminate in their delicacy and refinement. His appearance, altogether, might have been properly described by the reporter as ' prepossessing,' but that term is usually reserved for female witnesses or prisoners. His manner was reasonably calm. It was clear that he was discharging a ffiity that was new and not agreeable to Mm. He was unaccustomed to give evidence in court, and he felt apparently, as others have felt before him, thathe position of a witness before a legal tribunal isoneof embarrass - ment and difficulty. Moreover, the gravity of the case in which he appeared eonia hardly be exaggerated. His name, it appeared, was Charles Delmar. He was not in business. He possessed some means -of his own, and he confessed he made money on the turf. A bill of exchange aooepfoi by him had come into the possession of a client of the' firm of Netherston and Milbourne. Ho had failed to honour his ac ceptance. He had been threatened; there- formed him that a writ would he xbsamI agaumt him on the loth of March. To Moid this, he burned up from Newmarket un thii afternoon of the 14th. He was late inhMlinc at the office of Messrs. Netherston andMil. bourne, for his train had been .considerably ?e brouflht with him money tosatisfy the claim made by the laWyerTon behalf of their client. It was later rtwm o clock when he reached the office otthe firm \- not say how much later Tt might have been half-past 6. Theoterke had left apparently, but the doors were not idorrrd and the gas was burning in the office A gentleman who stated himself to be XT- itfn bourne came from an hm ness had never seen him before— hafne£ i — — — tmm — — mmm before entered Great Grasshopper House. He explained to Mr, Milbourne the object of his visit. His interview scarcely lasted- five minutes. He handed the solicitor bank notes for £80, with one sovereign and some odd silver — he could not state the precise amount — in settlement of the claim fot interest and legal expenses. In return he received the dishonoured bill, which he produced. He did not ask for a formal receipt : he was content to obtain possession of the bill. Why did he pay in bank notes ? He had received bank notes upon Newmarket racecourse, and had naturally applied these to satisfy the demand made upon him. Mr. Milbourne would pro bably have demurred to accepting his cheque in exchange. The interview over, the matter of business concluded, he had left Mr. Mil- bourne at his desk. Could not say whether be had or not, in going out, closed the door of the office behind him. Had noticed the large iron safe ; it was open, and the key stood in the lock, he thought, but he was not sure. Had not observed anyone lurking about the entrance to the office. All was very quiet. Did not remember meeting any one , in the passage. Did not miss his gloves immedi ately ; thought, at first, he must have left them in the cab which conveved him from the station to Great Grasshopper Hduse. Re collected afterwards that he had them on when he entered the lawyer's office i but it was too late then to go back for them. He had left London the following morning. Had not seen the newspaper for ; some days. Directly he heard of the murder he hurried back to the town to give evidence before the coroner. He had only arrived in town that morning. And now told the Court all he knew. In reply to the Coroner's inquiry as to the numbers of the bank notes he had paid to Mr. Milbourne, he replied that he did not know the numbers. Many bank notes passed through his hands, but he never kept account of their numbers. The notes came to him from strangers, for whom he had made bets on commission. The notes had probably been obtained from the local banks about Newmarket. He understood, however, that country banks did not record the numbers of the Bank of England notes they received or paid ont. It was judged that Mr. Delmar had given his evidence very fairly. He had answered promptly every question put to him. An ad journment of the inquiry was proposed, but the Coroner thought that upon the whole they might as well terminate their labours and leave further proceedings to the police. So the jury returned an open verdict. Chapter IX. .Large rewards were offered for the arrest and conviction of the murderer or murderers of Daniel Milbourne, and it was understood the polioe were most active and indefatigable in their endeavours to solve the mystery of the crime and to bring the guilty to justice. No arrests were made, however, and people began to talk lightly of the intelligence of our officers of the law, and to inquire rather contemptuously concerning 4 the theory of the police.' Much was said indeed at this time as to 4 the theory of the police. I he newspapers opened their columns to very diffuse correspondence upon the subject ; amateur detectives from all parts of the country proffered suggestions as to the proper course to be pursued. It was proposed that , arrests should be made now of Mr. Kimber, now of Mr. Netberston, and now of young Mr, Callow, the articled clerk. Some viewed with suspicion the evidence of Mr, Delmar ; others held it to be certain that the house keeper and care-taker at Great Grasshopper House knew more about the murder than they professed to know. In certain quarters a desire prevailed that poor Mrs. Bellamy should be brought before a magistrate. Al together, much advice was forthcoming of an impulsive, ill-digested, and therefore rather worthless sort. The police kept their own counsel ; if they had formed any theory they were careful not to say what it was. They looked as wise as they could, but held their tongues. So far they, at any rate, proved their prudence. General opinion accounted for the murder in this manner : Some evil-disposed person, larking about in the deserted passage of Great Grasshopper House had watched Mr. Delmar enter the solicitor's office, and seen him transfer bank notes to Mr. Milbourne in exchange for the dishonoured bill. Mr. Delmar having taken his departure, it was easy for this evil- disposed person to steal behind Mr. Milbourne, snatch th# notes from him, and suddenly thrust him into his own safe. The bank notes, of course, were missing, without any chance of their being I traced. The key of thS safe was also missing. For some time Mr. Kimber was unpleasantly conscious that he was an object of suspicion. /i LA A AA «T fn >iai en X urn Wllltll Wttj Do iUlgUt) UC OOi v ui that he saw, the eye of a policeman fixed upon him in a scrutinising and distrustful manner. It was hard ; for few men regretted the decease of his employer more sincerely than did Mr. Kimber. He could only rely upon the excellence of his character, his well-known respectability, and hope that in time he might live down the misgivings on his account, even of the police. It was different with Mr. Delmar. He, too, was under surveillance. The tall, thin figure of Inspector Ferraby followed him like his shadow. But he had not Mr. Kimber s consolation. Mr. Delmar had no resove of reputation to fall back upon. He turned upon the officer one day. . 4 Look here, I have had about enough of this ! When are you going to let me alone . When is there to be an end of this _. 4 When the murderer of Daniel Milbourne is discoviered,' said the inspector. , .. 4 Give a dog a bad name and him. You want to hang me, I suppose l _ . , 4 1 want to hang the murderer of Daniel M''0know I'm a bad character- tha'-v kind of life isnt eonBidered respeefeW Peonle think because a man bets he neeas must be a rogue — that all are black sheep who go on thefurf. But, like some one dg we are not so black as we are painted. Im a man of good family, I'd have you My father was a 4 clergyman. I received a university education. I ve lived kke ag " man, though I do attend races; aml now and then, I admit it, am terribly down on my 4 X know all this about you, and more, Mr. | Delmar,' said the Inspector. 1 'You persist, then, in dogging my foot- 1 steps — in haunting me like a ghost?' 1 4I must do my duty, Mr. Delmar.' I \- 4 The reward tempts you, I suppose? Old 1 Netberston, I hear, is very liberal with his j money. , He'd pay any amount, they tell me, -I to discover the party who was really guilty of J the murder.' 1 4 Mr. Netherston does what he thinks his j duty, and I do what I think mine.' I 4 Then I'm to see you whichever way I go, am I ? You're to follow me whether I go east, west, north, or south, are you? Well, I warn you ; it's enough to madden a man. You may try my patience .too far. And some day, when I look round and find you follow ing my footsteps, I shall be tempted to — ' 4 Not to" murder me, Mr. Delmar ?' As the inspector spoke, he seized the young man by the arm. 4 No,' said Mr. Delmar, with a strange laugh. 4Not to murder you, $Ir. Inspector ; only to give you in charge. As I said before, I warn you.' Mr. Delmar turned on his heel and departed. There was a cruel and wrathful expression on his face. He was of a deacllv nailor. and his blue eves flashed angrily. The Inspector mused : 4 A violent man, of 1 vicious habits of life, liable to fits of passion, I unscrupulous, vindictive, pitiless. He' is capable of any crime. He carries a revolver. J He would have shot me then if he had dared, or the chance had seemed favourable. I know I the man now. He did it.' J The Inspector walked on slowly, meditating as he went, in the direction Mr. Delmar had taken. 4 It was a bold step, his coming forward to claim his gloves and give evidence, and he did it very well. But he received little money at, Newmarket that day, and brought no bank notes to London. He went to the office to beg for time probably. The temptation to snatch the dishonoured bill was too much for him. He yielded. The murder resulted. A little more evidence, and the warrant might issue.' Chapter XL From time to time the Inspector entered in his pocket-book notes regarding Mr. Delmar j and his movements. He was now at Chester, j now at Croydon, at Stockbridge, Bath, York, i Epsom, and other places. He was rarely absent from any race meetings of any import- j ance. He had many acquaintances, but few i friends, no" intimates. By his family he had .been altogether discarded. The Inspector noted that he had been a large winner, then a heavy loser. But upon the whole it seemed that his losings considerably exceeded his winnings. Curious particulars of his expen diture were here and there entered in the Inspector's note-book ; his tradesmen's, tavern, and other bills. 4 He smokes too much. Drinks too much. He sleeps badly. His health seems giving way. He had a" fit at Salisbury. He grows poorer and poorer. He has been again and again to the pawnbroker's.' There were many entries of that kind in the inspector's dook. j In London it appeared that he usually stayed | at certain hotels of the second class at the West End. But it was noted that he occa sionally occupied a room in a humble lodging- j house in the Bloomsbury quarter, adjacent to Bed Lion square. Chapter XU. Some months went by. It was now Christmas time — a very cold Christmas, with the snow heavy upon roadways and roof — nature's face all white with the cold — and the wind whistling and rowing round the street corners with a sort of frantic eagerness. Inspector Ferraby was still active, though he looked blue and pinched enough, for all the close buttoning-up of his hea overcoat and the thick muffiing of his neck and chin. Had the time for action really come at last ? After a close conference with old Mr. Nether ston, Inspector Ferraby had sought the autho rities at Bond street. A warrant was issued for the immediate apprehension of Charles 1 Delmar, charged with the murder of Daniel Milbourne, j There was great excitement in the little street in Bloomsbury ; not only becanse of the appearance upon the scene of Inspector Fer raby in a cab, accompanied by two policemen, but a cry of alarm had arisen from one of the houses in the street — a' lodging-house. With one accord all the windows in the neighbour hood seem to be flung open, regardless of the bitterly bleak weather, and clusters of heads, young and old, tidy and untidy, forthwith protruded. 4 What's the matter ?' people asked, their teeth chattering in the cold. Some one an swered: 4 Well, they do say as one of Mrs. Grimston's lodgers, the gentleman in the back attic, has gone and shot himself.' 4 Am I too late? murmured inspector Jeer- j raby, as he mounted the stairs. j It was a low-eeilinged, meanly-furnished J room, with tattered walls and an uneven, J creaking floor. The light entered through the J snow-pattered windbw, fell upon the bed, and j upon the body of Charles Delmar stretched j across it. A pistol had fallen on the floor I beside a pool of blood. The face was scarcely j disfigured, but there was a small, dark wound, through which the bullet had passed, in' the centre of the forehead. Death, it was plain, had been instantaneous. ' He was half un dressed ; his cheeks were hollow, and there were deep lines about his white lips, but he looked very handsome still. His face had even gained in refinement of expression. 4 Such a nice gentleman as he was,' sobbed Mrs. Grimston ; 4 so pleasant-spoken always, and so liberal with his money so long as fie had any.' j 4 Don't cry,' said the Inspector. 1 shall never get such another lodger, ! though I must say that if he was obligated to kill hisself, I wish as he'd done it anywhere else. It's so unsettling in a lodging-house, and so hard upon a landlady — at Christmas time, too, of all others. But what's Christmas' time to him now, poor gentleman ? For the matter of that, what's Christmas time to a good many others, thaf are almost as poor arid . pale and cold and dead as he is, poor dear?' ! And she burst into tears. The Inspector was eyeing the floor inquisi- 1 tively. Presently he stooped, and with the ' help of a large clasp-knife succeeded in raising a portion of one of the boards. He found beneath it a rusty ring. He examined it care- fully, and observed, as he thrust it into his pocket, 4 Beyond a doubt, the key of that iron safe.1 