ODD NOTES. BT A BOHEMIAN. Xxb air. is full of rnmourB of ministerial ohanges and sew combinations which are im pending. For myself, I have grown exceed ingly sceptical abont snch gossip, for although it may be true that " where there is so much •moke there must be fire," still, a tolerably long experience baa taught me that during a parlia mentary .'tombs in this colony there is often a tremendous smoke of political rumour kicked Bp from.the very tiniest spark of faoi. The latest sweet morsel among the quidnuncs (capi tal word, that) is the burning question—Is the hoa^" J.' P. Bell going to England at the end of next' session,; or before, for a long stay*; and if so, who is to take his place, as President of the Legislative Council, and ▲oting. Governor in the absence from the colonyof his Excellency? The amount of ■pMolation which has been indulged in on thia subject is surprising to the uninitiated. Some of the wisest among the gossip-mongers, those who can see much further into a millstone than their neighbours, have aettled the whole matter to their entire satisfaction. They affirm, in the most positive manner, that Bell is going home for a sojourn of some duration, and that, it is fullyjarranged for tho hon. A. H. Palmer to take his plaoo in the Council. I give this for Just what it may be considered to be worth by lovers of the marvellous, and just as I received it, without vouching for its correctness in any particular. Above all things, I wish it to be clearly1 understood that I have not received the .information on "authority." As a simple .matter of .fact, I am. so little in the confidence of tho present Min istry that I am probably about tbe last person in Brisbane that any ouo of them would think of'entrusting with a Ministerial secret. of this kind, if thoro wero one to en trust. On the.vprinciplo that "it is only the improbable which reully happens," tho rumour may be true, otherwise I should be inolined to think that the one spark of fire in this smoke Is the possibility of our popular President of the Legislative Council taking a trip to Lon don. , He oocupies a high position in the colony, and has hold the very highest of all; be is big enough, old enough, aud rich onough to have a prefix to bis naino. " bir Jo«hua'Boir' looks'nice in print and sounds well; and our Joshua Peter is muoh more entitled to write wfiir " before his name than some I could name who have attained it. Perhaps the same view might be taken by Eail Kimbtrley if he had the opportunity uf a little conversation with our late Acting Governor. This is my theory. Beyond that 1 do not care to specu. late. As a more matter of opinion, I have no doubt Palmer would innko a very excellent President of the Legislative Council, if he folt inclined to retire from the Atstmbly, aud the other post were vacant—and nobody has more right to tho appointment to fur OB that goes/ There is a. good deal of latont jealousy among the various religious denominations hers respeotibg the proper order of preoodonce, nomenclature, and what not, which should be 91 id or employed in reference to theia. So far as I can discovor, seeing that tboro is no State ohuroh, and consequently no;I)i88entoi^ and that one church is as good as anothor—if . not a great deal better, indeed—X cannot .perceive that there is any order of precedence, except what is accorded by.courtesy. But then I am not ah authority on such matters, and •thereforo my opinion is not. worth, much. Still I can have a quiet grin over the thing once • and away. It is a eubjeot of deep and .serious moment with ecclesiastics, fox instance* I whether the seotion of Christian worshippers I to which they severally belong should of right | be called a "church," a "body," a "denomi nation," or a" sect." Like the terms ;11 ortho. doxy"- and "heterodoxy," they . seem con-' vertibls according to the: relative positions of .the persons'!whd( use them. ' Orthodoxy Is my ^:doxy,7 f and heterodoxy is the " doxy" Of ;those who differ from toe-in opinion—is about jthe -rnle. Soj- with regard« to r the ; term" i "'church," eaoh minister, official porson, or'! member of: a congregation calls his own a church, and the others a " body," a " denomi nation," or a "sect," in accordance with bis foelings of respect, or the contrary for the dootrine -taught or maintained, sect being the lowest and denomination the noxt highest to chnrch. But this leads toa considerable amount of irritation at times.: It is very desirable that the proper use and meaning of the terms should be authorita tively decided once for all. But there is no hope | of anything of the kind boing done. On the con. trary, there is great danger of new troubles and J complications, and new causes for jealousy aud i irritation in tbe Bame direction. The trouble I has indeed already commenced. The hon. I John Douglas, with that fatal facility he has of "putting his foot in it " if there is any. "hot water" within roach, has, I .understand , given eerionB offence to some of the Roman Catholies by prosuming, tho other evening, to call their chnrch a " sister church " of the Episcopalian Church -of this Colony I These Boman Catholics affirm that it is like the hon. John's impudenco, to say the least of it, to pre sume upon any such equality on no better ground than because the pastor and congregation of All Saints strive to imitate tho Roman Catholic ritual—and miserably fail. They try at All Saints to be as much like the genuine article aB possible, but their attempts only make the counterfeit the more apparent. This is what the Boman Catholicsaffirm, and they strongly object to have their Ohurch called the " Bister Church " of any such make- believe hybrid sort of affair. Sister Church 1 quotha! Tho honourable John will get" lemons " over that yet, if he doeB hot watoh it. Mentioning the Boman Catholics reminds me that they are only, a firmly united body against - outsiders of all olaBses and creeds. Among themselves they have thoir little tiffs; juBt like Protestants. I heard of an instance tho other day in which one true sou of tho Church " took it out of" another, with as keen a relish as ho could have displayed if.he had been operating npon a heretic. It was at a festive gathering of a literary society, or something of that kind. Tbe rev. president was in the chair, and, during a lull iu the proceedings, a rathor fussy officious momber wished to duly impress the presidont and the audience assembled with a proper sense of his importance, and win distinction, honour, and glory for hia efforts on behalf of the society. He. therofore proposed that . the whole of the books in the library be placed on tbe platform, in order that the general public assembled might judge for themselves of tlje great progress which had been made. He expended a good deal of very beautiful languuge in expressing the above sentiments, and sat down with pardonable prido at having so distinguished himself, i But his exultation was exceedingly brief. lie | had not sat dowu more thau a minute when a cruel, cold-bloodod villain of a member who generally takes the "other side" in the society's debates, rose to propoee: an hmeud raent. Willi a grave and solemn air bo inored that tbe books be placed on tho platform in three heaps, at equal distances from each other, nod that tho rev. president take his seat 1 on tho centre heap, tho secretary sitting cn the ' heap to hia loft, and tho mover of the proposi tiou on the heap to the right. Ho wont on to argue, with tho samo solemn earnestness, what a highly imposing display would bo made, aud an improsfivo effect, produced if his suggested amendment wero adopted. Ho would have gone on and ouforced his nrgumeut at much greater 1 length if he could have gained a hearing, but that was impossible. Tho tot. presidont, and orery one in the room except tho spoakor, were roaring with laughter and writhing in tho ugonios of excessive and uncontrollable uachiu nation—all suvo the mover of the proposition. He did not Hugh. Ho sat deeply ponder iug in his mind tho way to assassinate tho mover of that amendment, so as to make him suffer the i meat protract* d aud exquisite torture possible. I He is still thirsting for that villain's blood— | * although they belong to tho same chnrch. When I first came to tho colony,- and for | I loveral yoars afterwards, there was a warm aearted, smooth-tongued, indefatigable, and I perfectly irresistible thief of tho night named. Burke, who was secretary and collector for tho Brisbane Hospital. . How .well do I remember tho old chdp 'and his old grey horse I '• Burko always Bcemed to bo in tho very last stage of. consumption, as thin as a ghost, and as weak a8 a two-year-old baby—but he had the energy of half-a-dozen ordinary men, and tho dogged persoveranco of a north American Indian on the war path. It was no use telling Burke that yon could not or would not subscribe to tho hospital—ho compelled you to do it. If you made an excuso that yon had loft your cheqno book at home, ho was prepared with a blank cheque on auy bauk you choose to name. He would *' call again*' two or three times a day, if necessary, ontil you sholled out, and when all other means failed, ho would betaken with Bach a horrible and violent fit ofconsumptive'con jh ing that you were glad to give him,the guinea demanded, and get * him oil the • premises before he died on your bands and put you to .the expense of burying' him-j-or, at least, h&Ting; to give ovidence before a coroner's jury, touching the mannor of his death. Qo did not die on these occasions—not for & very longtime—I forget bow many years, but a good many. No, the presentation of the guinea would case bis horrible cough at once, and he would propose an adjournment, to oil George M'Adam'a to celebrate the donation over a nobbier of such brandy as is not to be had now for love or money, ' Nobody ever heard of " three star * in those days, but the liquor was genuine. At length, just when all his friends began to think he would live to be a very old man—and every, body in and around Brisbane seomod to bo a personal friend of Burke—the old chap died, and we buried him with much hearty and earnest sorrow, freely forgiving him for the many raids he had made on onr pockets on behalf of the hospital, and having little'doubt that he bad gone to a brighter and better world, for he was a man one could not help but love and respect. But be ruined that hospital collecting business; he did so! . .Nobody who has under, taken the work since then has ever had the slightest chance of bringing the cash in as he did. They conld not be reasonably expected to do ■o, seeing that they had not the same natural advantages. But tho question arises whether tho Hospital Committee might not make an effort fco seoure some other consumptive Irishman, as near Burke's pattern as possible, to do the collecting ? That is the most effective mod©, of " fetching" subscribers which I oan think of. 