QUEENSLAND. [Frcm oar own Correspondent.! Brisbane. Novemhur 0 *«*^ iwu ? BriiBuiouwry teaaers, tne rremter (Mr.ii'II«iaHh),aLdthelea!erottheOppoiition (Mr. Guffitr), i ave beeu stirring in the provinces, and both with mccess. Mr. Griffith was ban qnettel aud cvatjonel at Maryborough »nd Gympie, to which sclden towns he had gone in tia legal cupacity to conduct an important mining ;case. Hi« speech at the; banquet wjs chitflr renmksble for its ex trem-j moderation fio unexpectedly mode rite was it, itdeetf, tbat a Ministerial member, who explained tbat be was ooly prefect at tbe fta-t to to honour to Mr. GritBth aa a citizen— that is tot as a politician — declared tbat he thought much better of him than ever be did before, so struck was he by tbe mildness of the bunourible gentle man, tbe leader of the Opposition. The fact is Mr. Griffith said nothing that anybody coald ley hold of. He indulged in the safest of generalities, except tbat he hoped the voice of tbe country would be heard against tbe aliena tion of the Western country to moneyed sqoatt«s or large syndicates, and that it would affirm the principle of ' Australia for the wbito man,' which was of ctnrse a dig at the Ministerial coolie scheme. He also hoped some ?Jay to be Premier, but he waa in no harry. Bat if Mr. Griffith did not speak oat very strongly the Premier did. Aud here I ehoald relate that the Premier and Mr. Griffith travelled as far as Maryborough in the same steamer, and this gave scope frr all tne literary jokers to indnlge their wit. I need hardly say, after the charges broctgbt last session by Griffith against McIlwrMth, that tbe two men regard each otber with tbe reverie of feelings of affection. So it wiu prophesied that before reaching tbeir destination theirs would be the fate of tbe Kilkenny cats, unless they occupied different ends of the boat, and so on. You can imagiDO what could be made o' so snggeative a snbjtct. However, thiy both reached their journey's end whole, but the dotails of the trip have never been made known to a carious and expectant public. While Air. Griffith received the adulations of tbe Gympieitrs and the people of Maryborough, Bundaberg and Kockhampton showered favours on the Premier ; and I need not cay that he was well depatitiouized wherever he appeared. In this respect Mr. Griffith had tbo best of him. The deputation? put tome test propositions to the Premier, which be either assented to (with qualifications) or bluntly pooh-poohed ; but It was at the banquet which tho Bundabergiaus and the Kockbamp tonites gave him tbat be spoke out. He took advantage of the occasion to put the past and fntnre policy of tbe Government before the public in a manner which could not be afforded by any occasion in Parliament, and I most con fess he scored a number of points, though, of course, there are those who insist that he was guilty of boasting and bombast. Any way I consider he has improved his position and that of his fellow Ministers by his post-prandial utterances. He is now working up towards the central western districts, where he will be quite at home. It was a great advantage to him at Bcckbampton that his host the Mayor wss the newly elected Ministerial memoir fo.- tbe metropolis o! central Queensland. By this mean* he got led np to, and his coarse was made straightforward and easy. Now that Parliament has adjonrned there is nothing political to write of, except that we Lave had some teats vacated voluntarily or wiUy-oilly. Mr. Kate*, the great Darling Downs miller, and one of tbe members for that district, bas resigned on the high morality ticket, acd has thereby somewhat agitated the raLks of the Liberals. Finding that tbe route he advocated for a railway in his electorate did not n.eet the views of all his constituents, he considered it his duty to resign his seat. For this he has received much blitne from the organs of his party (the Liberal), which urgo that tbe present ia not the time for stanch Liberals to bo patting themselves oat of Parliament just for a bit of squaamishness. In tbe other case a s«at— a so-oallod Liberal one —bas become vacant through the insolvency of the member. Great preparation* were at onco made for filling up tbe vacancy, when it was discovered that the »e&t; could not become vacant nntil the meeting of Parliament, as it required that some member should got up in his place and move tbat the seat be declared vacant. Then it was imagined that the insol vent member conld cnt tbis Gordian knot by Bending in bis resignation ; but here again was a difficulty— tbe gentleman could not resign what be did not possess— a seat. Consequently the electors of Rosewood will hive to restrain their longings until the reas sembling of Parliament some monthi hence. Tbe intblvency of the member iu question, Mr. Meston, presents some peculiar features. Some time back Mr. Mctton entered an action against the proprietors of a German aowpaper here for damages arising from a libel, the stid libel being a statement tbat he had told his vote over tbe steel rails question to the Government. The proprietors in question were creditors of Meston for money lent, or something of tbe kind, and they have no doubt considered it a ^ood 'tit-for-tat' to drop down upon the plaintiff by making him insolvent. A good deal of interesting matter is expected to bs found in the newspapers in connection with the two events- the libel jastion and the insolvency — and we dearly love a little bit of scandal. Oar new mail service is becoming well appreciated. Tbe last steamer brought tbe fiist batch of immigrants by this route, knd, on the whole, the experiment has proved a success. All sorts of dreadful things vjere predicted in connection with tbe passage of tbe Bed Sea, bat I cannot learn that this dresdfnl portion of the route was responsible for the sickness (typhoid fever) which affected a few of the passengers, and canted one or two deaths. The people arrived in very good case, and were soon snapped up in tbe northern ports at which they were Unded. Immigrants by this rente are not intended for the southern ports of the colony. These will be supplied by Bailing ahips as heretofore. We have bad a good arrival ot immigrants here qnite recently, and they went off with great rapidity, each a demand it there for all sorts of labour. We heve our tuual loafers, who are always looking oat for work all the same, and I have no doubt this class of ' working men' is not an krown in your parts. Tbe supply ot labour frr all branches of the building trade is tu below the- demand. Never since I have known Brisbane has there been such entensive building going on as cow, and the same may be said of most of the other towns in tbe colony. Here in the metropolis buildings— many of them hand some and extensive ones— are going up by tbe hundred, and bnildiog land it being disposed of at wonderfully high prices. All this must be ace* pted as a proof that we are once more entered neon a prosperous era. If only we could get feme more rain and get rid of the wretched drought we should be quite bappy. We did not by any me-ans do the right thing with regard to tbe late President of the United States. While the other Australian Colonies were fending addresses of condolence to Mrs. Garfield, etd of sympathy with the people of the United States, we were treating tha matter jnst as though we bad not beard tbe Dews of the murdered President's death. Tbe Press men tioned the matter, bat tbe Government made no sign, aad at last tbe Opposition took the matter np, but not to much purpose. Just before Par liament adjoarned— a day or two tbat is— Mr. Dickfton, one of the leading members of the 'Left,' and an ex-Treasurer, moved, after notice had been duly given, ' tbat Mr. Speaker t-e requested to convey to Mrs. Garfield tbe pro found sympathy and sorrow ot tbe Assembly of Queensland at the untimely death of her illnitrioos husband. Bat he was ' choked off,' if I may be allowed the expression in the cir cumstances. He waa told by the Premier that it waa from co insensibility on the part of hitn seli and colleagues that an address had not been proposed, but the fact was bis colleague* hid agreed with him tbat the fittest way of ex pressing the fieJicg of the colony was not by meat* of a message of the kind proposed. More over it waa tbe end of tbe session, and there wasn't time to prepare and pass an address. This *m amuaibg considering tbe time Ministers had bad to move an address bad they been so minded. Mr. Dixson had to content himself with an assurance that be would call the atten tion of his colleagues to the subject at the aext meeting of the Cabinet— preramably with the intention of carrying oat tbe wishes of the leaders of the Opposition on tbe subject, bnt nothing has been heard of tne matter since. Th« Cabinet may have considered tbe question of an address, and they may have tent one to the widow Garfield, bat if they btve tobody knows of it cutside the Cabinet. The Corporation, after letting the subject jet cold, suddenly itatted into life and agreed to a very proper address. And we are supposed to be anxious to cotton to the great American nation in the matter of trade. But we are an inean sittent lot anyway. The Lizard Iilaod outrage, of which you will have received some particulars by telegraph, hu canted a profound sensation in this colony, and especially at Oooktown, where the tragedy hu in several ways been brought immediately under the cotice of the people. It is almoit a relief to be told now tbat Mrs. Watson died a sharp death at tbe hands of her savage captors, for it was awfol to think of the fate to which she might have been condemned. The newt joat received is to the effect that the blacks admit having killed Mrs. Watson and her child with spears, after earring her captive into a canoe. A party of police have gone to the Turtle Islands, where it is alleged she is batted, and we are all hoping tbey will verify tne blacks' story. The people of Oosk town had worked themselves np almost to a state of frenzy on tbis horrible business, and there wa* a talk of organizing a large party to make war on the blacks aud tike a bloody revenge on the wretches. It woald have been very much to be regretted had hot counsels been allowed to have say in this matter. Tbe prlice have already done all that isnesessiry by way of teaching tbe murderous blacks a lesson The tribes engaged in the outrage have been ' dispersed,' and most of my readers will gness what that meant. This w*s not the only outrage committed by tbe bltcks. Anotber station on the cout was attacked and a kanaka gnatdian killed. The remaining two kanakia appear to have fought well for tbeir mastet's property, and their walk through almott trackless scrub to Cook to wo was somstbing qnite sensational. Thcsa atti;ks on ln'che de mtr atatiouu, coming so closely on one another, would appear as tbaugh there wire combination, aud people are asking whether tbe beche de mtr people have given the aboriginal* any caaw of offrnce— anything to awake feel ings of revei ge. These events took plaoe up the coast cot ro very far from Oooktoirn, yet tbe Cooktown police have been very successful in obtaining tbe goodwill of tbe blacks on tbe further shore of tbe river. But of course in tbe neighbourhood cf a well-frequented port it is easier to deal with tho savages than it it in tbeir own wilds, far removed Irom luge bodies of the white men. Amongst tbo miny accidents, gr'at and small, which have happened recently, one is worthy of particular notice on account A tbe action of tbe authorities in making railway servtuU fully understand that any carlcaiLess on tbeir part tending to the danger of the tiBViUk'g public will not be tolerated. Tbe accident to which I refer happened on the Soutbiru and Western Kail way a short time bark. As a pttaenger triiu was geiug along at a fair pa- c (wu have no ' Flying Scotchman' or ' Wild Irishman.' hero in the way of trains), the ougint-drit er saw ahead a gang of platela-ers, and from tbeir evident agitation be:ame aware that something was wrong, and he shut off steam and applied tbe brakes, but not in time, as tbe train ran over a spice where there wss actually no line). Fortunately oily tbe guard's van was thrown off the libe and nobody was hurt bat tbe driver, wbo ? ith the fireman jnmped off, both being sus pended thetefor. An investigation took place without delay, and then it was proved tbat the gutrd waa not in bis van at the time of the acrid, ct, thereby preventing the train being pulled np in time. But, wirae still, the plate layers bad taken up a length of rail without previously ascertaining whether the rail to replace it was of the right length. It was not, and the men were engaged in cuUing it, when tbe train came up with tbe res unrelated. To com plicate matters and make an accident certain the ganger had omitted to put up a red flag sonic distance along the line. Although no one wes hurt except the engine-driver, and he not seriously, the Minister for Railways very properly decided to prostcn'.e tbo offenders. This was done, and tbe guard wis fined £10, while tbe ganger of the platelayers received two tentcLres of three months' hard labour each, and tliB public felt reassured. An accident some vthat similar to that at Melbourne, but happily without any serious results, happened on the Southern and Western lice the other day. As tie tmin was coming down tbe range tho pas tctgira in one of the carriages felt a dreadfal joltag. The driver was made aware that some thing wss wrong and tbe train palled up, when it was found tbat a tire of one of the wheels was off. Tbis, with the Melbourne catastropbo fresh in their minds, mido the puiengcrs nnke very wry faces, no doubt, while thanking Provi dence it was no worse. A good deal ef discussion has reoently taken place in tbe Btitbane Press relative to oar lsrrikinf, who are daily developing into the complete specimens to be met with in Sydney and Melbourne. It ia now a question whether they thall be brought to see tbe errors of their wajs by kicks or kindness. It ia the first time in my recollection that the latter process has been luggeited, and really I do not see why it should net Mioceed ; that is if the remedy can be apnlied. It is tbe old story of the wiy to catch birds by patting salt on their tail* — you must first have your bird in band. How ean an} body be kind to a chss of beings who aro a world unto themselves, and woald treat a philatitLtopiat wlo should approach them with tbe eanre scorn and detuion us tbey do tbe Salvation Army. I suppose this jjst-named band of martyrs aim ptrticularly at reforming the larrikins, for they never have any other congregation. But tbe movomont in a rcftrmatory tense ia a decided failure. I don't kcow what tbe young roughs ot this city wonld do without its Balvation Army. They seem to regard it as an entertainment got npfor their especial delectation, with ths tight of criticising the performers, sometimes in a very practical manner. Only the other day some of the unwashed youth of the town were brought up at tbe Police Court charged with throwing stones and otherwise maltreating the Army. Tbe culprits were fined, but tbe punishment was not generally regarded as a great moral Ietson. The fact is, tbe Army showed more animus than was consistent with tbeir character of martyrs. So if kindness is to do the trick we nrait find some other means of applying the remedy. Preaching alone won't do it, bat, as I said before, how aro these members of the dan gerous classes to be got at? Moir. while, I suppese, we shall continue to apply the old remedial maasures whenever we btve the clnnce, which is not often. We have had plenty of public amuioment* lately, and cf a very varied kind We hive had almost everything, from a 'Go-as-you-plwua' tournament to the Mendelssohn Quintette Club, which is a decided leap-up from tbe ridiculous to the sublime. Wilson's Circus came and took nearly all oar pocket-money away, which left next to nothing for tbe legitimate drama as opposed to the hippie. The consequence is that the company at the Theatre Royal, with Mr. Dewhont at its head, has nightly for some time pest hid to face 'a beggarly array of empty boxes,' not to mention tbe stalls and pit. As Mr. Dewharst politely pat it — Sawdust requires no brains, but Bbtkspeare does. Anyway saw dust carded the day, and now tbe company are going to give tie management a benefit at a recognition of the very liberal way in which tbey have carried on the theatre during a very ruinous period. This meant that the managers have, much to tbe astonishment of the company, been paying full itluiet oat oi nothing, while (hey might with a good show of fairness bare asked tbeir people to take half. This is a virtue to be highly com mended, especially by professionals, who know from bitter experience tbst many manigers are not slow to take the first appearance of bad business as a signal for redaciog aUariet. Tbe ghost has walked nnder very exceptional cir cumstances at our theatre, and tbe fi:t it worth recording. The evergreen Lynob Bell ricgera are here. Thtv turn up at stated intervals with the regularity of comets, only at shorter intervals. They give a capital entertainment. I mentioned the Mendelssohn Quintette Club juit now. Well, I can only ssy that never has Brisbtne enjoyed such music— but I remember I am advertising all these people lor nothing, which is not business. Tbe Saturday evening closing movement has cropped up again after lying dormant for a time. The shopkeepers, or rather tbeir assistants, have a theory that by constantly appealing to the public not to shop after a certiin boor oa the Saturday tbey will eventually succeed in obtain ing tbeir wish. But tbe public is not that sort cf animal. Yon may appeal to the public success fully on any matter which does not toneb his own pleasure or inconvenience; otherwise ycu will waste your time. Now, tha public Let only have no objection to shjp on the Saturday evening, but they enjoy looking into the lighted shop windows, whether or no tbey have any shopping to do. Tbe shops on the Saturday night are one of the free shows in which the Brisbane citizen delights, so those interested in doting early may appeal to him nntil they are black in tbe face. ? The remedy is as simple as powibie, supposing the tradesmen are as anxious to dote early at they say tbey are. They have only to combine to shut up their shops, and the public are nowhere. They combined before and most of tbe shops closed early, cat some remained open, which com pelled tbe rest to do the like. Some shop keepers have remained stanch to the original agreement to keep doted on tbe Saturday oi gbt and they astute everybody that they have gained rather than lost by doing so ; but this I can hardly understand, seeing that tbe majority of the shopping public will not, as I have said, reward principle lor principle's sake. 