?I)t ®EaUaroo Cams. IVALiLAEOO, SATUBDAY. JANUARY 22,1881. SEEING the r.apld usioatbat is taking place in a^rieu'tyre in our district, it it* p>l$iuly evident that the ultimate pro sperity of Wallaroo depends very mate rially upon the success «f the farming community. Seeing that such is the case it becomes our duty to point but, and if possible remove auy difficulties that may be in the way of the important interest referred to, There is a question that { presses itself upon us and demands an answer, viz.-" Why should there be such wheat at Fort Adelaide and Port .Wal laroo ?" ThiB feU^ect does not -concern Wnllaroo alone-' Wis ohe inwhich Ports Augusta and Firie; and infacfc-all the " outporis where it - i» possible to load wheat direct-for JEngland haye an equal interest.. The difference in the prices range from 3d tp 5d per bushel in favor of Port Adelaide. J We are bound to asfc, w by al 1 thin margin should exi»t l)etween the qudtadpnsr:^;|j&, mentioned. closely concerns the general Community it claims atteution. -It iB wepjinown that the nij»j »rity of ^riculturalisl^in Ir sew j. districtlifce this kre siot irajWjJosition to i| jbold tluw * rasjjbjisee ; '-r; if ..;.'- '**.'-'/ > - -* ;? f.'i i'-?. K-. '.r^f ;? IS*V .*-- v ." -ii*. £ 1 for the result of his toil, albeit circum stances may have forced the t>aid neigh bor to sell at a considerable reduction. It is, however, plainly evident that the price is not always governed by the quan tity forthcoming, but is at times materially affected by the circumstances of the seller. But, to sift the question further we are bound to recognise the fact that similar causes produce similar results elsewhere, and now that the outports are doing so large a shipping trade, quite independ ently of Port Adelaide, one naturally feels some surprise to find that ? Port Adelaide can still offer higher value for wheat than is .offered at I this and other outports possessing greater facilities than Port Adelaide. | In proving this the following comparison j of the port charges on a vessel of 800 tons register (similar in size to the An tares and Madeira which loaded here last year) will be interesting, and useful in illustrating what we have stated. POET Adelaide WAHABOO Light dues, £13 6 8 Light dues, £10 8 4 Pilotage, ... 13 15 0 Pilotage, 6 10 0 Wharfage, 10 0 0 Wharfage, 5 0 0 Towage, ... 32 0 0 Total, £69 1 8 £21 18 41 The difference in favor of Wallaroo, so far as the vessel is concerned, being £47 3s 4d. This, on a cargo of 1,200 tons, amounts to over ninepence (9d) per ton, or a little more than one farthing per bushel. Add to this the lowest amount stated by us as being the difference between the quotations at Wallaroo and Port Adelaide,-namely, 3d per bushel, and it will be seen that the total saving on a cargo of wheat, 1200 j tons, shipped here is £602 3s 4d. If in the past the wheat merchants have been paying higher rates of freight from Wal laroo than from Port Adelaide, it is high time they took the above figures into consideration. This would allow the i farmers to benefit to the extent of the 3 Jd per bushel instead of its being need lessly paid away in freight or pocketed by the wheat buyers; for it must be borne ia mind that the wheat bought at Wallaroo at 3d per bushel under Port Adelaide prices commands the same price in tlie home in^rhtt iiirthat shipped from the latter place. In this way the Peninsula farmers will reap the benefit which it is only natural to suppose should accrue from tarras that are ptr close proximity to a good market; but we fear this has proved of little real benefit as matters havj been conducted in the past. Better far, if the wheat merchants here say they cannot give prices equal to those offered at Port Adelaide, for the farmers to send their Wheat to the latter place by steamer from Wallaroo. It will be seen that the difference of 3£d per bushel amounts to 10s per ton which would pay the necessary expenditure' incurred in adopting this course, aud leave a hand some margin. We have thus as briefly as possible dealt with a subject of pressing import a ce. The figures quoted are obtained fro n reliable sources, and we hope these remarks will have the effect of causing those immediately concerned to look more closely into the subject aud adopt means whereby transactions in connection with the wheat trade may be placed on a more satisfactory foot ing. These is little douot that objectionable practices are indulged iu by souie of the exhibitors at our annual Shows. The parties concerned may nut intend to be dishouest, in {.be general acceptation of the terra. But. actually, if a person by importing plants for tbe purpose of exhibiting against those grown in tbe district, by this means gels a better article thau it possible to raise iu tbe neighourhood, and so secures a prize, he is just as .culpable as If be bad taken the amount of the prize in cash from tbe unsuccessful exhibitor. This may be a severe view to take of the matter, but nevertheless it is correct, and we Regret to *ay tbe . practice has been indulged in-and not in plants alone. In Adelaide a short time since, au exhibitor in fruit resorted to die-same plan .tor oUtanmg the prize; ami, insbort. it is to be beared that their are but few shorts where the same, dishonest practice is not indulged in to some extent. We take thia opportunity of referring to the matter a# our «nnual shows are now past.ai>d therefore, pone of .those woo,, may qive-iteeo offenders will take pur remarks a«referring to ihem personally, but will aeojlpt them^n tbe spirit iu which they are thade. it maythus be the means of pcventiiig in the future the. repetition of an offence, lliat may haie been committed by. eprne tu it>uorance of the fact that they were acting unfairly; thinking, ias a Mr Ore*ilie iu Sydney lately put it, timt if they *tougbi certain exhibits tbey were. theirs, and tbey were at liberty to do'what tliey pleased with them. There are tiuies when the hu<n oiiroois; element is introduced into the discurtnonBrjm this BUi'jrtt and such, a cording to tfcpAustralasian, has been the #-a*e lately in New Soyth Wajes *a pro -f »unil question «f horticultural ethic# b$s ' caused a grtat com«u«tion, or, as the papeis ' have called it,' a carnation row' iu the tow,n. . pf Bat hurst, in; New South Wale?. Tliei question Has what period must' the ex'ii bitor of plants bare gr-nirri them to entitle him.jo exhibit them as his'^owp * point.. whentbusttatedinanabstract form'.doeatiDt appear tpt^»n^ai.b*a»y ic&ry-;^cjtinigelement#, i ?Mit wberf ' clothed in'circuiUBtances* on the ! ^efkiim^reTerred to/i<b'eisme rery pretty I quarrel indeed.tjie debates on winch were | * t ported iothe JopaV |i>gro#l in ail the full ness of a Par^ment^y ,dihite W -'UaP^J'-rd ; fin ibis v^ftnp" tbey had both obtained their exhibits of car* nations from Sydney within the limit of two months. One of them, Mr W. C. GreyiHe, settled the matter, according to one fitness, by saying, " If I buy and pay for anything is u not my own?" The same witness admit ted or boasted, we do not exactly know which, tuat be had seen a case sem from a isyduey uutseryman addressed to Mr Greville, and had peeped into it, and saw some coleuses similar to some exhibited by that centienien a day or two afterwards. He also, wheo'io Mr Greville's yard, * took a good look through the palings and peeped into his j greenhouse.' This witness and Mr Greville j bad an excited altercation, and employed j some very bitter epithets. One called the ottier a Wesieyau, a title which be repudiated and pointedly added, tbey hanged Ned Kelly, but left a worse man unhung, meaning, as we gather, the exhibitor of the surreptit iously purchased carnations. According to Mr Greville's own statements, bis views about the qualifications of a bona fide grower were rather loose, as he admitted that he bad bought his coleuses at Sydney, and left tiicni to be re-potied and kept at the nursery till wanted for prize-taking at Bathurst. Iliat all this caused great excitcment in the horti tural community of Bathurst may easily he imagined, and the moral seems to be that horticultural societies ought to make it quite clear to intending exhibitors,'and that exhibi tors should make it quite clear to themselves, uuder what couuil tuns they are permitted to compete for prizes." AT the last meeting of the Clinton Branch of the South Australian Fanners' Mutual Association, a long discussion took place in connection with a letter received fiotn the Treasurer (Hon. C. MUCH) relative to the construction of a Jetty at Wells Creek, midway between Clinton and Ardrossan. Mr Bat ton (late Chairman of the Clinton District Council) was tbc principal speaker; but those present seem to have been laboring uuder a mistake in connection with this affair. The idea seems to have prevailed that the work had been sanctioned uy Parliament and was afterwards, during the debate on the estimates, struck off. We have no recollection of the Government having agreed to carry out the work. Mr Furner, M.P., introduced a deputation from Yoike's Peninsula, on Tuesday, April 6, to the Treasurer (Hon. C, Mann), with the view . of urging the erection of the Jetty referred to. The views of the deputation were biiefiy j contained in a memorial; signed by 91 per- j sons, holding amongst tbem 52,133 acres of ' land. Tbe memorial set forth that the eelec- ! tors and farmers of Clinton. Cunn ngham, and Tipara had long laboured' under ditficul- j ties iu tiie ajb-enee of good means fo^con- i veying their produce to market: that a trade ! in,timber could be established if shipping ? facilities were provided; that the present i Clinton Jetty was unsuitable, being only ac j cessible through about 1 one and a half miles of sand, and that m consequence all the pro duce shipped at Clintou was snipped from tbe ] beach ; and that if a short road were made from the high ground to tbe bank of Wells Creek, produce couid be shipped and goods i landed with safety and dispatch. Tbe OK*- j .norialists prayed that the Treasurer would send a competent person to examine and re port upon Wells Creek, and trusted that tbe ] necessary steps would be taken lor the ert-c tion of a wharf and the making of a road. Sererai members of the deputa'ion spoke to tne memorial, setting forth the advantages tbat would he conferred upon the neighbour hood, and urging that the 3u,OO0 acres of land which the proposed port would affect would export, say next year, nearly 80,000 bushels of wbeat alone, while a considerable wood trade would soon be developed. It was estimated by the deputation that tbe total cost of tbe work would not exceed £1,500 The Treasurer, iu reply, said that tie would have reports made as io the suit ability o£ the proposed locality as a shipping port, end estimates prepared as to the cost of constructing tbe jetty and forming the ap proaches thereto, adding tbat if the state ments and estimates, of the deputation were even Only fcpproxunately correct, be thought be could promise them that the work would he proceeded with. According to the letter from the Treasurer to the Clinton Farmers' Association, he had a teport from the Sur veyor General which was unfavourable, and in consequence nt thing further was dono. It is, therefore, scarcely fair to our members to place tbe matter before the public a* if the work had been sanctioned, by the House and thenabandoned without an effortbeiug made by our membersto get the worn carried out Apart from this, however, there can be no doubt as to the necessity of carrying out the work. The farmers living in the of district referred to by tbe deputation of April 6. have no kind of accommodation whatever. The majority i of the raads are in bad order and the ! approaches to the old harbour at Ciinton impassible. The land around is largely taken up as proved by tbe memorial, and, as stated at Saturday'* meeting, all the la"d around finds purchasers readily. We can, therefore, fully sympathise with Mr Barton in expressing wonder at the conduct of the Surveyor General in reporting unfavourably on the erection of a Jetty at Wells Creek. There can he no doubt that cheap Jetties along the coast prove alike a convenience to settlers and saving to the Government. * As regards the first, these shipping places pre vent the necessity of carrying wheat long distances to other ports; while as far as the the Government are concerned, they do not require to make such a large number of roads as are necessarily required where these coast conveniences cannot be availed of. It i doe» got peppwpp great surprise to find the Surveyor General -thwarting ^measures thai would benefit the agriculturalists; but it is> a matter for regret that the Government should have decided to take fid steps in such a neceafary work, merely because Mr Goyder thought it unnecessary. It is time that steps were taken to protest against it, hut it scarcely seems tbe duty of the Farmers' Association to move in the matter. It is a work that concerns every person in the dis trict aftc) $s such should be the taken up by the District Council, Mr A. D.' McDonald, of Wallaroo, is the successful tenderer for the three contracts on the Wallaroo, and Peela Weela road under the ifgrtlj Midland Boad Board. " It will he seen by adveetiseujeat, that owing to the, patrOuage received by tbe *' Stray leaves" Ciiinpany ou Wednesday at Kadnia, tbey «11 return to that townCon Tuesday evening next to ] give a second performance before leaving ,the PeRinapl^; ^ ... ; ^ John Xfcomas.icn of "Mr O ven ThflWBj.of j Wallaroo, incidentally broke his leg yesterday. He mas cbfecking wheat for Messrs DutBeid & Co, . ip th?«Utiqnjyiir<l and was inlheact of stepping ] fpor^th^tt^j^b l^ie ^roufnd when h is foot ehpped, He fell, bis leg doubling under thus causing ~tlie | set the limb, which was broken just above the ankle. For mouths past the people of .Wallaroo,i&ave;^ teen prying "ut for a Paesenger Station and platform at Wallaroo, but inviain.. The latest answer was that there werono funds available Slow, however, that Coie'a circus and Menagerie are coming a large platform is being erected for the purpose of Jandiiig.the .Elephants.1" If such invidious conduct on the part of the Cbrerament does not raise the'" British Liion," thenitought to. Mr Brownlow's well known _ pony Scud parted company with his rider on Wednesday, in the Hurry Skurry at Green's Plains. He was a long way bebinl the foremost horse at tl e time, but, contrary to expectations, instead of bolting away tbe plucky little iiorse kept' to the course and passed the winning post a good second. Directly he passed the post he stopped and turned into an adjoining paddock This with a horse on a strange course is certainly unusual. On Saturday next Cole's Great Circus and Menagerie will arrive at Wallaroo, but as yet nothing has been heard of the arrangements tha are to be made for conveying people from Moonta and Kadina to WaHaroo As this is the most : wonderful show that ever visited the colony it would be wall for the storekeepers in the above towns to arrange for keeping open on Friday evening and close on Saturday If this was done, there is little doubt the numbers who would come down would warrant thejputting on of a larSe number of carriages on both the Kadina and Moonta line j The following are the recomend»tions made by the Committee at the Wesleyan conference, for I the Yorkes Peninsula and Northern Districts. Yorke's Peniusuia-Moonta, Robert M. Hunter; Kadina and Wallaroo, Charles T. Nawman ; Port Wakefield, John Oillingham ; Yorketown, William Heed ; Minlaton, Candidate; Ala it land, John Watts. Northern district-Melrose, William T. Carter; One requested. Port Pirie, Charles Imne; Crystal Brook and Red Hill, Benjamin G. Edwards; Koolunga, Joseph Blight; Jamestown, Joseph Nicholson; Lura, David S. ! Wylie; Tarcowie, William A.. Langsford : Port, ; Augusta, B.. W. Foster; Quorn, Candidate; Oiladdie and Walloway, Candidate ; G-umbuwie, I Candidate. The Rev J. B. Stephenson is recom mended for Pirie Street, aiul the Bev Jas Haslam fir Kupunda. We would again call attention to the serions danger and inconvenieuce caused through tbe Government having only the one short siding tor : shunting purposes. A t present every time the j train shunts, which is very often, it obstructs the j only railway crossing that is available for tbe : use of the town, and as a rule the train occupies the said crossing from live to ten minutes every day after the shunting has been completed and before leaving. In addition to this, the ap proaches to the station jaid are in eucb a shame ful condition that it is almost impossible to ap proach the line from that point with a heavy load : it is, therefore, not unusual to see trucks stopped on the crossing for the purpose ol having freight taken from or put on to them. Surely a temporary goods platform with a decent approach could be constructed iu the station yard. It seems like parting with the " pound of flesh" on the part of the authorities to grant any thing for Wallaroo, whose railway arrangements are about 50 years behind any other place that we know of. Professor, Pepper opened at Kadina on Thursday evening to a good house. His Ghost illusion proving highly entertaining to all present, On Friday afternoon the Professor gave a Matinee to the school children in which the Ghost played a prominent part, Before commencing proceedings, however, Professor Pepper explained to the young folks present that there were no such Ibitgs as Ghosts, He then related numerous anacdotes both of a humourous and instructiue nature, which proved most interesting to the joung folks present, Tonight the Professor appears for the last time in Kadina in his grand intellectional treat on the wonders of science, '. The fire.Worshippers." " the fire handlers," and the "fire Eaters," The Professor puts his hand In boiling water, and is not scalded ; in red-hot lead, but is not scorched or burnt j. and other marVelloUB demonstrations of the productions and arrest of the force called heat or fire, finishing up with his world renowned and awe inspiring lecture on the end of the World with spleuded illustrations of tbe Sun, Moon, and Comets, On Tuesday and Wednesday he performs in the Carpenter's shop, at the Moonta Mines, for the benefit of the Moonta Mines reading room, From the list of acceptances in another col nmn, there is likely to be a good'meeting at Snowto**n on Wednesday next. We learn the Secretary has applied for a special vruck from Wallaroo but has not yet received any answer, but he is almost assured that it will be granted. It is to be pegretted upt oply for the $uccf§s of the racp meeting but also for the sake of the railway and the public that arrangements have not been made, aa euggested by us some time since, so that the traiu could start from Wallaroo, and that a special le^ve S^ocmta, s^y at <7.3Q Bitn.,' -in ~pjrier-to~ TJa*ptr ttie train at Wallaroo. We hope that something may yet be done to bring about this.much desired object. The Secretary informs further that several improvements have been effected on the Course The sharp > turn.. that occurred imm iiately alter the Mart from the grand st-md h u been d»t;o awa^, with. The third hurdle has been shifted feaisk three chains, and the straight has been made 3^0 yards in; length. The stony patch complained of at the last meeting . is to be scarified and the stones raked ofE With those improvements the course will prove an excellent one. 4fcout an hoq? §gQ a haggard, hijlf nakef? mau, with wild eyps and 4»she$elted T\air |«to dashed a looked and sealed tin case on my^taSle, capsized ink, beery'-and all and th n told methat £l»e had unearthed an unknown monster. " Where is tbe monster?'' I a*ked, locking sorrowfully at xny spilt Toothej*t *' Yy< ffl ill at bo^," howled 'he terrifie'.', bundlf of i£gs, . ; Said bundle then gavef me ia mixed ^degcfijjTtioh 'o{ thfr" «ajged' terror^ and acting upon advice, I -engaged ;riie :6erviceB of half-f-dozen arined policemen* *®d. uadernowr .of their rifles proceeded to bt-eakopen Jtbe icsisff.i This I 4id with ft ionghaodled. ritovel,'' ^u|& the results were an Irish shriek and the appearance of a mantis. I have, of course, recommended its gallant captor to the head of thc^Victorian police.-Meddler . .? Meddler in the ^.Sydney Mail" saysj-If you wish to study the philosophy -of lying, pickup# genuine old hand ; there are a few left, knocking about the country, like the dene and hovels that still charnei vie and misery in the city. Catch jour old hand, I Bay, and have a regard to hie species, for be must be talkative, and in no case morose. Then proceed to handle him in this wise. Sell him a little lie, he will follow with one of respectable proportion. Tell him a bigger one, he will Ipllow'-with something large and full, fell him the biggest you know, and if he does wot straiglit tell you the biggest you have e.ver heard, then, literatimet verbatim, call me another. I started once with aphides; they were destroy ing the roses, ani toy old hand helped me .with tobacco smoke to destroy them. Of course he blew the biggestcloud-if he couldn't he would have " busted"-and when we had.blown'enough tobacco, he began to blow about aphides. He had seen in the eld time a plague of aphides to which the flys of Pharaoh were a circumstance, and a small one. It was in Grovernor Macquarie's time. They came down from the heavens and began upon the cabbages and corn. That sort of provender didn't last long, and in a week or two the grass and the gum trees were assailed. All the plains gray, and all the gum trees stripped by winter. "And then?" " Then they went for the manes and tails of the horses, and by spring every horse in the settlement had a neck like a cow and a tail like a kangaroo." " And then ?" " Why, what would you think then ?" T said that I could not think, the depth con founded me. He did not require to think, but replied without hesitation : " Why, Q-orernor Macquarie called a prayer-day, and gave all hands a holid-iy, and fire came down and killed every aphis, and rain in the tail of it, and by the fall the grass was green, ana the trees had leaves, and the horses tails and manes longer than ever. You see them nowadays, that's certain " Miss Ella Carrington's " Stray Leaves" Com pany appeared at Wallaroo on Thursday and Friday evenings in their favourite plays. On the first evening " Stray leaves" was played, and the company certainly sustained the high reputation which they have earned at the many towns >n which they have performed. Miss Carringtoa is a finished artiste and she was frequently encored, as were also Messrs Taylor and Forde. The leaf which seemed to be most appreciated on Thurs day evening, was " the pathetic." The acting of Noiah (Miss Carrington) and the drunken fatber, (Mr Tayior), in the scene where the daughter meets him in the ' street, singing " Willie's dead." was perfection. The father al though drunk remembers that the boy was ill wUeu he left in the morning, and when he hears that the little fellow isgone his sorrow has no bounds. The daughter Norah, improves the occasion by reminding him that it is not yet too lute to reform, and that 'ittle Willie, who was then amongst the angels, would look down on him ; No rah and her father then rang " Street Bye and Bye." Mr Forde's rendering of the .' Controlling influence of Dhrink" fairly brought tlie hou-e town. Oa Friday evening the same company gave their novelty entertainment entitled " Appointment" which is quite equal to ?' Stray leaves." Mr Forde's rendering of the '< uailants of England" and Mr Taylor and Miss Carrington's duet " Nellie McCreo" being worth the money. Mr Bertie Willison late agent for Thomas' Diorama American Surprise party, is the business agent of the Company. 