“ VENGEANCE IS MINE.” By Paul Asii. CHAPTER IX. Doom ! Arthur, wo said, was impatient]}' await ing the appearance of Mi*. lhmvini in one of the gambling saloons in Mr. M.’s. But lie did not watch more anxiously for the arrival of the planter than did two other worthies keep their eyes “ skinned” for his own departure. After a little the young man—-and to his credit bo it stated—although no gamester himself became interested in the varying chances going- on before him. lie soon found, himself, attracted towards the roulette table around which were congregated some score of persons of all ages of both, sexes, and all deeply intent on the whirligig of fortune,, which has in innumerable cases spxm the in fatuated gambling fool out of wealth, honour, health, peace of mind, domestic happiness, and finally out of life itself into a sad grave. If that were tlic final ill the tears are, per haps, in an onion that should water the memory of such vile lives ; but, alas-! It is a precious conclave. There the set brow and calculating brain that with card and pin, coolly reckon every fickle move of the game, are seen beside the flushed, hot face and trembling young hand, which dashes down the last, per haps, of the little savings of a life-time, only to behold it, with wild eye and sickening spirit, swept away by the remorseless rake of the croupier, whose sing-song tones are heard with the regularity of a pendulum. Well may drive the victim of passion and the greed of gain to rush out into darkness and despair to seek in the bosom of the nearest deep waters the realization of what he vainly tries to tell himself is “ peace.” Bor even in that dread ful hour the warning linger of fear appears,, pointing to the awful Hereafter, frowning before him. Arthur was sympathetically caught by the evident, although suppressed, excitement around him ; and soon grew to he as interested in the fortunes ot‘ the players, and to watch the changing chances of the game as eagerly as those whose money was at stake. His frank nature and warm imagination might easily liave beguiled him into the vortex, particu larly if exposed to the cunning suggestions of some cautious friend. And this is com monly the secret of the lirst step on the road to ruin. Eleven o’clock struck, to the young man’s surprise. Could lie have beam waiting two hours? Ho aroused himself, like a man who has been tossing about; in an exciting,, but by no means painful dream, and having made a last: fruitless enquiry for Mr. I.»on viui he felt reluctantly compelled to postpone his intended interview until the morning,, lie accordingly wrapped himself carefully in his cloak and took his departure, vowing to himself that his reckoning would lose nothing through having to stand over. Two others followed in his footsteps—a tall man with a huge moustache and a shade over his eye ; and a short, square gentleman with large red whiskers and eyebrows, lint there was nothing remarkable in this, as several others bled out about the same time, and not a few entered ; for in those days the two liv ing currents were continually passing each other in that human Straits of Gibraltar—the over open doorway. As the young soldier went out into the night lie found the street almost deserted. Snow was falling very thickly, lie pro ceeded «in his way for souk- minutes, and kept looking' about for a. conveyance. 1 >ut none were visible except a, few engaged ones that whirled rapidly, and almost as silently as great shadows past him. lie would probably have to walk to his hotel. This, although not pleasant, did not. disturb our young cam paigner much, lie gathered his cloak close)}' about him and strode firmly and swiftly on. It might he about one o’clock in the morn ing when a policeman stumbled over a bundle, of something in .'bird Street, lie quickly turned on his hull’s eye to examine the im pediment. Having removed the snow in which it was hidden he found it to b« the motionless form of a young man—an ollieer— wrapped in a military cloak. lie immedi ately signalled for assistance, and was soon joined by .another policeman, and by his sergeant also—Air. I Lavkeyc—who was going It is rounds at the time. A more thorough ex animation of the body wan now made. It was found to be stiff and cold. A rent in the overcoat behind showed where the assassin’s blade driven home, forwards, between the shoulders, by a strong hand had searched out the fresh young heart that had been beating so warm and high a few little hours before. No resistance seems to have been made. The revolver of the fallen was untouched and loaded ; his sabre was in its sheath. Nature would seem to have favoured the silent approach of the stealthy step of the destroyer by having outspread its treacherous carpet of snow. A small empt}r black hag, cut open, was found near. The pockets of the victim were inside out. The intelligence was quickly, hut swiftly spread amongst the guardians of the night, and the vicinity dili gently searched in vain. The body was curried to the station of the precinct, in 11th Street, to await examination by the police sur geon. It would then, no doubt, be found necessary to have it removed to the morgue in Central Park for the purpose of ind on till cation. Some letters found in an inside pocket of the tunic were found to suffice for this—afterwards. Yes, about the solemn hour when the angelic chorus embalmed the star-lit air around and above the cradle of Immortal Love in the im mortal music of that grand old poean of ■“ Peace and Good-will,” making consecrated Bethlehem a shining memory for ever, the red hand of midnight Murder was silently upreared and struck down the brave, gener ous life, as the lightning strikes, leaving no trace behind except its awful evidence of— Death. There could he little doubt that the poor young fellow had shot his last shot and cried his last battle-cry. No trumpet, save that of Doom, would ever awaken him more. It is nearly eleven o clock on Christmas morning. There are mysterious looks and awful mutterings in the planter’s house on Third Avenue ; but they are confined to the domestics as yet. Mutterings which mingle harshly with the joyous peals of those Christ max-bells, that sing so sweetly in the clear frosty air, of Divine Dove, and of Peace and Dooii-will on earth. Is this an hour for man’s warm, noble heart to find a red grave ; and for the assassin to go rejoicing on his way ? In that house eyes peer into other eyes as the awful word “ murdered” is trembled out. A sergeant of police was there some hours ago and awakened a nervous sense of some thing. Tony had been forth and returned with a face of gloom, which has been imparted to his fellows by a few whispered words, which finished with : “They are bringing it here.” But none would dare to tell his aunt or cousin. The ladies still remained in the warm breakfast-room impatiently waiting for the voice they would bear no more. The fact of Mr. llonvini’s absence all night only increased the anxiety they felt. Had they met? Had anything happened ? And Flora is conscious of" a dull, sick feeling in her breast as she thinks of the snake in the grass, her frank, hasty cousin has to deal with. She is con tinually going to the drawing-room window which looks out upon the Avenue, or to the stair head to listen, in order to catch the "first signal of intelligence the moment it arrives. Their restless ness increases as the time snails on, until the old clock in the hall announces eleven ; and neither husband nor cousin appears, i Suddenly the ladies; hoar a knock—not a ring —at the front door. They listen 'intently. It is opened. There is a shuffling as of many feet, and a, murmuring as of many voices in the-hall. What may it mean? So many— and strangers, no doubt. The ladies experi ence an apprehensive thrill. Flora remem bers her mean attire, and shame is stronger than curiosity just yet. The sounds below cease. All is silent. A few minutes pass, and the young lady takes a. sudden resolution —information at any cost. There is some thing unusual going on. It may concern them. It may relate to Arthur. She leaves the break fast-room quickly, and passes swiftly and silently downstairs. The murmur of voices roaches her car again. It comes from the dining-room ; the door is somewhat ajar. A peep decides her. AYith j a strange, nervous dread she pushes the door wide open, and sees indistinctly a. number of men—mostly policemen—standing round the large table, at the end of which appears Mr. Bonvini. All are uncovered and look very sad. But that table, with its long black cloak, concealing a shapeless heap of some thing—so like a pall. With lips which have parted for a cry that will not come she walks swiftly forward. The men make way in respectful silence. With a shudder born of ;i great dread that turns into an ague, and with an outstretched arm, like, an aspen branch, she draws aside the dark omen and beholds-. The seal of eternity Is indelibly engraved on that broad, fair brow. Those eyes, that held all her earthly light, are closed for ever more! With clasped hands and stony gaze that seemed fixed upon a ghost it grew in such speechless horror to that pale noble face, she stood for some moments in marble. Then, with a wail that a child might utter when frightened in the night by some awful, unintelligible, overpowering nightmare, she cast herself upon the body in the very paralysis of grief. She was surrounded by human statues. “My brave, beautiful Arthur,” she moaned forth after a little time as she kissed the white face and brow, and smoothed hack the dank raven hair, “ dead and cold—dead and cold. Oh, it is my fault—my wicked fault. Why did I send for you, my brave kind cousin, to he foully murdered? For me-— murdered. Yes!” she suddenly exclaimed in a voice that rang like a bell, and fixing her eyes of flame upon the planter, who stood at that “'dreamless head.” “And there the murderer stands” pointing to the very uneasy form of Bonvini. “ His blood is red on your cursed hands, yon grin ning slave of hell. Your tiger heart has murdered him because you knew he came to do us justice—my kind, generous Arthur murdered—and for me. Stand from him, . monster! Don’t let him escape, gentlemen, I He would murder even the dead.. My generous, loving cousin—out of my sight, I you fiend of hell. Oh, was Providence i asleep? Is there no thunder-bolt in heaven that the murdered lies here, and the murderer stands living there? Oh, you red-handed plague ! You are too vile to curse. But if God is Justice we will haunt every hour of your wicked life, and fill your happiest mo ments with scorpions, and turn your thoughts I to flame and make your very dreams a hell. Oh, my love, my murdered love! never more, never—Oh !” And with a sigh—a wail—that seemed to burst from a riven heart she fell insensible upon the corpse. She was gently—tenderly removed and restored to consciousness—of body, but not of mind. The fine resonant nerve of reason that arms the how of iotel lect for the battle of thought was over strained. It was snapped in twain, leaving the noblest of weapons a useless, aimless thing. After a short resilience, like a night mare, in a private asylum she went fitfully to her earthly rest. A poor broken life to be made whole and perfect, when'1 the imperfect is no more, and the wicked cease from troubling. The sight, of her dead nephew laid the hand of palsy upon the already enfeebled Madame Bonvini. dhe entered at. once upon a merciful second childhood, which was not permitted to last long. But it was upon Bonvini himself that his own thunder-bolt fell ; hut did not destroy. At the unfortunate Flora’s last threat lw^ ap peared as still and cold as the dead. Alien she spoke of his “ rod hands, conscience, in j spite of his strong will, raised tlmm up and plucked his eyes towards them to sec if there ^ was rCAilhj blood upon them. But it was when the'darling object of Ids vengeance and his hope (we will not profane the word by i calling it love), the poor maniac was seen to have been removed utterly beyond his Satanic j reach by a Hand Whose mercy works in strange wavs, that the j Jotter felt crushed into dust. A hen the noble heart striving with noble means tor a, noble end sinks by the wav, the consciousness of duty done will uphold and cheer to the last. But where the coveted prize vilely sought—grasped at with hands as red as Cain s—is placed hopelessly bcvotnl his power, what is there to console the schemer in his loss (which ought to he rightly considered a gain), but the crimes which he has used at stepping stones in rein ? Ilis victims were now beyond the, reach of tyranny or steel. Conscious suflering could reach even the living no more. And the dead-The planter found that poor Flora’s threat did not fall upon stony ground. But what of the fair, gentle one, so sweet and true—poor Arthur's dear little Ada /os, alas! who is singing and dreaming of the spring she will never see, of the bridal wreath .she will never wear ; ami of the May flowers that will bloom indeed—but upon her grave. All, miscreant.! could yon have guessed that your red steel would have reached that tender, faithful heart—musical as a nightingale’s and charitable as an apos tles-—two hundred leagues away, would not j-our fell hand of murder have been armed with mercy? The Avays of Providence seem strange, indeed, to the merely human gaze. But when Faith and Hope beam in upon the soul the scales of darkness fall from the weeping eyes, and we can murmur, although in tears, yet in a spirit of undying trust : “Behind the Veil, behind the Veil.” The trials of innocence were stretched out to— had reached their hitter end. The punish ment of guilt was about to begin. 