IT'IEE COM1ET' AND TUIE 'fORN ING' SKY. A correspondent bf the Argus drilws the attention of all persons, particularly, the young,, to the magnificent sight now presented to our view every clear morning from soon after 5 a.m. in the eastern heavens, one which, he believes, will not be witnessed'again for a long time. About 5 o'clock (he says) the first faint glow of light begins to illu mine the sky, as " twilight steals with ghost-like 'tread" further and further upwards. Looking towards the'east one instantly recognises the beautiful planet Venus- the queen of, the night -as she shines with extreme brilliancy. On the 9th of this month she will be seen at her best, and is now a splendid object in the heavens. Close to her, apparently, is the planet Saturn, to quote Proctor, " chosen by the' alchemists as .tlhe representative of the heavy and. lustreless metal lead." The contrast between the two planets is most strik ing, and now they are, apparently, so close together that a full moon would cover both. Below the pair is another planet, the.stately Jupiter, inferior in' brilliancy to the queen of night, but still a splendid object in the telescope. Far above the three, but still visible .by merely raising the eyes, is ruddy Mars, gradually getting brighter and brighter, or, I should say, ruddier' and ruddier, every day as he approaches our earth. By slightly turning the position to the right, the attention of the spectator is instantly arrested by the apparition of the mysterious visitor from the interstellar depths-tho comet. On Saturday morning I, obtained a capital view of it, and watched it for some time. To me it seems brighter, alld its tail better defined, than when I first saw it. Thus at one and the same time, it is now possible to see the four planets, Jupiter, Venus, Mars, and Saturn, and a 'comet into the bargain, and on a clear morning the spectacle is indeed grand in the extreme. Yet I wonder how many there are who will turn out of their warm beds to witness the sight. 