THE STILLWATEB TBAGEDT. (From tht Atlantio Monthly.) It ia oloso npon daybroak. The great wall of pines ond hemlocks that keep off the east wind from Stillwater stretohes blaak and indeterminate ngnihpt tho eky. At inteivala a dull, motallio sound, like the gnttoral twang of a violin string, rises from theftog-inleoted awump EBiriiDg me uignway. ouuueniy me birds stir in their nests over there in the woodland, and break into that wild jargonlng ohoraB with which they herald the advent of a now day. In the apple-orohards and among the plnm-troeaof tha few gardens in Still wator, tho wrena and the robins and the bluo-jnye oatob up the orystal oreBoendo, and what a melodious r&oket; they make ol it with their fifes and flutes and flageolets. The village lies .in a tranoe like death. Possibly not a soul hears this mueio, unless it is. tho wotohors at tho ' bedside of Mr. Luonard Tapt-leton, the riohest man in town, who has lain dying those three . days, and oannot last till sunrise. Oi perhaps some mother, drowsily hushing her wakeful baby, pauses a moment and listens vaoantly to the birds singing. Bat who else f Tho hnbbub suddenly bea»6B— oeaset) as suddenly &b; it began— and all ia still again In, tho woodland. Bat it is not bo dark as before. A faint glow of while light is dle oornible behind the ragged line of the tree, tops. The delngo ol darkness is reooding from the faoe ol the eattb, 'aa the mighty waters teoedod of old. ,., , The roofs and tall laoJory ohimneys of Slillwakor are. alowly taking shape in the gloom. Is that a oemetery coming into view vonder, with -its ghostly arobiiteotnre of obelisks and broken oolamnB and 'huddled head-atoneof No, that is only Slooum's Marble Yard, with the finished and nnflniahed work henped up liko snowdrifts— a oemetery in embryo. Here and thflro In an outlying farm a lantern glimmers in the barn-yard; the oattle are having their /odder betimes. Soatlet-oapped ohantioleer .gets himself on the nearest xail.fcnoa and lifts np his ran corous voioB like aomo irate old oardinal launching the oorse of Bomo. Something orawls, swiftly along thegiey of the serpentine tnrnpiko,— a dog-cart, with the driver lashing a jaded horse. A quiok wind goes shivering by, and is loat in tue forest. Now a narrow strip of two-ooloarod gold Btrotohos along tho horiaon. . . . ? Stillwater is gtadaally'aoming to its sonsos. Tho son has begun to twinkle on the gilt oroBB ol tho Oathollo ohapel and to make Itself knonn to tho doves in the stone belfry ol the South Ghnroh. The patohes. ol oob wab that- hare and there cling tremulously to the ooarao gra«s ol the' inundated meadows have, turned into silver nets, and the mill pond— it will be steel-blue lator— ia as xmooth and. white as il it had boon paved with one vaBt unbroken slab out ol Slooum's Marble Yard. Through a row 61 button-woods on tho northern skirt of the village is Been a square, lap-strenked building, painted a dis agreeable brown, and' surrounded on three aides by a platform— one ol seven or eight similar stations strung ~ like Indian beads on a branoli thread ol the Great Sagamore Railway. Listen ! That is tho jingle of the bells on tho baker's oarfc as it begins its rounds. From innumerable chimneys the ourdled s'rnoke gives evidonoaN thab the thrifty houBowife— or, wtfat is raror in Stillwater, tho hired girl— has ? lighted the kitohon flro. The ohimney-staok of ono houae at tho end of a email court — tho last houso on tho easterly edge of tho village, and stand ing quite alone— sends up tho smoke. Tot tho carefully trained ivy over tho porch, and tho lemon verbona in a tub at the foot of the stops, intimato that tho plaoo is not unoccupied. . Moreover, tho littlo square-rigged schooner whioh aota ns weather-cook on one of the gables, nnd is now heading duo west, has two new sky saila. It is a storoy-and-a-half cottago, with a large expanse of roof, whioh, covered with porous, unpainted shingles, eeems to repel the sunshine that now strlkeB full upon it. Tho upper and lower blinds on the main building, as well ns those on the extensions, aro tightly closed. The sun appears to beat in vain at tho ouao ments of thiav- silent' house, whioh has a ouriously buUou and ' defiant air, ns if it had desperately and auooessf ally barricaded itself against the approaoh oi morning ; yet it ono were standing in the room that loads from the bed- ohainber on tho ground floor — tho room with the lattioed window ? one would see a ray of light thruat through a ohink of the shutters, und pointing like lyhiirnan fingor at an object wbioh lies by tho hearth. , ' ?' ?This finger, gloaming, motionless', 'and. awf.ul in its precision, points to tho body of old Mr. Lemuel Shaokt'ord, who lies there doad in his night-dress with a gash aorpss his forehead.' ' . . ' In the darknqas.of that. summer night a deed, darker than the night Itself had boon donp in Stillwa'tor. ' ' ' ' '.- !s«-; ..,,.'..? ?- ..; ?:' .????. ?'? v ? . .;' .', Thai morning, when MiohablHi'inhoBBov'o girl Mary— a girl Bixteon yoara old— oarriod the oan of milk to the rear door o£ the silent. houoB, 011a v?»b nearly a qaatlei of an boat later than OBnal, ana lookoaJorwaia to being aonndly rated. ,' ??;?? ....,,;; i '' ' He's np ana boon waiting lor »/! Bhe 'saia to bedfell, observing1 »he Boullerv door Bjar. 'Won't I ketoh HI I*'« him lor, grdwllng'nnd snapping at a body, and U'a me lor always being bsiore, or behind time, baa look to me. Theio'B no plaalng him.' Mary pnahea baok the door, and pushoa throngh tbobltohenY nerving herself all the while to meet the objarg»lions whioh flhe eqp.; posed were ljing in wait for hor. ^The Bun-; shine wbb blinding without, bBt Bitted through thegreen jalomleB, niafle it a grey, oropusoular light within. As the girl; apM proRohed the table; on which ' a plate with knife ana fork :had heenlftld lor breaklaBti she notioed, Bomewhat indietinatly at first, a thin red line running obliquely norosa the floor Irom the direction of the sitting-room and ending near the stove, where it had formed a small pool. Mary stopped short, Boaroely oonaolona why, and peered instlnotiv'ely into tho adjoining apartment. Then, with ' a Smothered ory, sho let fall the milk.oan, and a doEon white rivnlets, in strange oontrast to that one dark red line whioh first startled her, wont meandering ovor tho kitohen floor. With her eyes riveted upon some cbjeat in the next room, the girl rotreatod baoUward; slowly and heavily drawing one loot alter the other, nntil she reaoaed the soallery door, then she turned swiftly pnd plangod into tho stroot. / Twenty minutes later every man, woman, and child in Btillwate/ know that old Mr. Shaoklord had been rmrdered in hia bed, Mary Hennessey hM to tell hor story a hundred times darlpi the morning, for eaoh minute bjonght to Michael's tenement a froBbJistonor hangzy lor the details at first hand. ' How was it, Kolly ? Tell a body; dear I' 11 Don't be asking me !' oried Molly, prea sing hor fTu'tnib to hor eyes aa il toshut out the Bight, but taking all tho while a seorot ereepy eatiBfaotion in living the' scene over again. ' It was binder dark in the other room, and there ho was, laying in his night gown d, with bis laoe turned towards me, so ? looking mighty severe-like, jost, aa il be waa agoing to sny ' It's late with the milk ye are, -ye hnfley 1'— a way he had oi spatting.*' ? 'Bufhedidn'tepake, Molly, darlin1?' ' Niver a word.- He was atorio dead, don't yon see. It was that atlll yon.oonld hear me heart beat, saving there wasn't a drop of a beat in it. I lot go the can, flure, ana then I-baokcd.ont, with mo. eye on 'iin all the while, aleared to death that he wonld np and spake them words.'. . ' The pore ohild 1, for the liken ol her to be wakln' np a mnrtherod ?man in tho mornin' I' Thore was' little or no work done tbatday in Stillwater outside the mills, and they were not tanning fall handod. A number' ol men Irom the Miantowona Iron Works and Slooam's yard— Sloonm employed some uoventy or eighty hands— lounged about the BtreotB in their blouses or Btood in k^'ota in front of the tayein, smoking short day pipes. Not an urohiri pat in an appearance at the Bmall red briok building on tho tnrnpiko. Mr. Pinkham, the Bohoolma'ster, waited an honr lor the reonaantB, then tamed the boy in the look and went home; Dragglod-looking women, with dish-oloth or dust-pan in hand, stood in door-ways or leaned from windows, ' talking in eabdaed voloos with neighbours on the onrb-stono. In a hundred far-away oitiea the newa ol the suburban tragedy had already been read ana forgotten ; bnt here the horror stayed. There was a constantly oh' Angina 'crowd gathered in front of the house in Weloh's Oonrt. An inqneat was being held in the room adjoining the. kitohen. The oonrt, .whioh bnded at the gate of the cottage, was fringed for several yards on each Bide by rowa of eqnolid, wondering children, who under stood it that Coroner Whidden waa literally to Bit on tho dead body, — Mr. Whidden, a limp, inoffensive little man, who wonld not havo dared to Bit down on a fly. He had passed, pallid and perspiring, to the scene of his porfnnotory duties. Tile rosult ol the investigation was awaited with feverish impatience by the people out side. ' Mr. Shaobloird had not been * popular man; he. had been a hard, avarioloas, pas sionate, man, holding his own way remorae leaBly. Ho had been the roverso of popnlar, but he bad long 'been a prominent obaraater in Stillw'Bter, beoaaBe ol his wealth, bia ond Iobb loiwsnlts, and hia eooentrioity, an illus tration ot whioh was bia peraiatonoe in living entirely alone in the isolated and^ dreary old house, that waa henceforth to.be inhabited by his shadow. Not hia shadow a'one, how ever, for it was now remembered that the premises woro already held in fee by another phantasmal tenant. At a period long anterior to this, one Lydia Sloper, a widow, had died an nnesplalnod death nnder that same roof. The oolnoldenoo strnok deeply into tho imaginative portion of Stillwater. ' The widow Sloper and Sbaokford have made a mutoh ol it,' remarked a looal humourist, in a grimmer vein than oastomary, Two ghosts bad now set np housekeeping, as it were, in the Btrioken mansion, and what might not be looked for in the way ol spootral progeny t It appeared to the orowd in the lane that tho jnry were unconscionably long in arriving at a decision, and when a decision wbb at length xeaohed, it gave bnt moderate satis laotion. Alter a spendthrift waato ol jadlolal time the jury had deoided that 11 tho death ol Lemuel Shaoklord was oaused ' by a blow on the left temple, infliotod with somo instrument not discoverable, in the hands of somo person or persons unknown.' ' Wo knew that beloro,' grumblod a voioe in the crowd, when, to relievo pnblio sua pense, Lawyer Perkins— a long, lank man, with stringy '.blaok huir— annonnoed the verdict from the doorstep. The theory ol snioido haa obtained momen tary oredonoe early in the morning, and ono or two Btill olnng to it with the tenaoity that oharaoterises persons who entertain few idoas. To aooept this thoory it was neoDssary to believe that Mr. Shaoklord had ingenioaaly hidden the weapon alter striking , himBoll dead with a Binglo blow. No, It was not Buioido. So tar from intending to take his . own life, Mr. Shaaklord, it appeared, had made rather oarefal preparations to live that day. The -breakfast table had been laid over night, tho ooalB left roady for kindling in tlio Frnnklin stove, and a kettlo, fiUea with wat6r tobeheated for his ton or cofloo, stood on tho hearth. . . . Two f aota had sharply demonstrated them solves— first,. that- Mr. Shaoklord had been mnrdored ; and, Beoona, that tho spar to the orlme haa boon 'the poBsesslon ot a Bam ol money whioh tho doooasea was supposed to koep in a strong-box in his bedroom. The padlook had been 'wronohod open, ana the less valnablo pontenta ol the ohoBt, ohiefly papers, eoattored over tho carpet. A memo-' random among tbo papers Boomoi tp specify tho ? respective snms in notoa and gold tbat hnd been dopoBUed in tho bos. .' A dooamont ol some kind had been ' torn into minnte ploaes, and thrown into the waste baaliot. On oloao Borutiny a word or two hero and there revealed the faot that the doonment waa of a legal ohttraoter. The fragments woro put into an envelope, ond given in ohargo of Mr. Sbaoklord's lawyer, who plabed Seals on that and on the drawcrJ of an ceorltolro whioli stood 'in tho corner, and contained other manuBorlptB. ' - ? .Tho instrument with' which tho fatal blow had boon dottlt—forthoautbpayBhowoa that thoro had been but -one blow — waB nob only not-dieoovorablo, but tho fashion of it defied conjecture. The shape of. the '''' ';'?.'' '' ?' ' '?' \ ' ''? ???' '?'','? ??..' ;-' wound, did not indioatfl the use of :ahy implement known, to tho juror*, Boveral of whom wero skilled maohinista. The wbnn'd was an inoh and three- quartors in longthy and very deop at , tho oxtremi tioa ; in the middlo v it soarooly pqnotratod to tho' oronium. .So poouliar a out could nob have been produced, with the claw part of a. hammer, bepauso the olaw is always burvb'd, and the inoiBion.was straight. A. flit claw, suoh aiia used in. opening packing paees, wasBuggested. A collection of tho sevoral sices munufaoturod was prboured, but none pprreaponded ' with the ypnrxi ; they were' either too wide or too narrb%; Moreover, tho out waa ag thin aa tho bla'do of a oaso knifo.'.v '?/,;;?. '\' r ' :- :'/ 'That.- was nover done 'by any tooKin these, parts,' declared Stoyona, the foreman of the flniahing shop at Siboum'a. - . The assassin or aesasBinB had entered by tbo Boullery door, the simple fastening of whioh, a hook and staple,' had been broken^ There wero footprints in tbo soft olay path leading from the side' ,gate' to . the' fetono step j but MaryiHonneflBey had so confused and obliterated the outlines that now it was impossiblo acouratoly to measure them. ' A half-burned matoh. was found under; the sink — evidently thrown KJ;here by the burglars. . It was of a kind known as the eafoty matoh, whioh ban be ignited only by Motion; on n, Btrip of ohemicallypre pared paper glued to. the box. As no box of this deaoription was disooverod, and, as all tho other matohos in, tho house wore of a different mako, the charred splinter was preserved. \ Tho moat minute examination failed' to show moro than ' this. The last t;mo Mr. Shaokford had been soon- alive was at six o'olook the previous evening. , Who had done the deed P ' Tramps 1' answered Stillwater, with oile voico, though Stillwator lay somewhat out of the natural highway, and the tramp —that bitter blossom of civilisation 'whose seed wan blown to us.' from over eoas— was hot then ao common by the New ' England; roadsides., as . be became five or eix years later. ' But it was intolerable not to have a' theory; it was that or none, for oonjooturo turned to no ono in the village. To be suro, Mr. Sbaokford had boon in litigation with several of the corporations, and had hod legal quarrels with more than one of. his neighbours] but Mr. Shookford' had never been victorious in any. of thoBO con toats, and tho incentive o£ revenge was wanting to explain the orimo. Besides, it waa bo ole&rly; robbery/ Though the gathering around the Shnok ford houso bad reduced, itsolt to half a dozen Idlers, and the less frequented streets had resumed their normal aspect of dullness, thoro was a strange olootrio, quality in' the atmospherb. The obm munity was in that state of suppressed agitation and suspicion whioh no word adequately doaoribea- Tho alightoat oir cumstanco would have swayed it . to the belief in any man's ' guilt ; and indeed there were mon in Stillwator quite oapable of disposing of a f ollow-orea' ure for a muoh smaller roward 'than. Mr. Shaokford ' had held out.1 In spite of the tramp thoory, a harmless tin- pedlar, who had not passed through the plaoe for weeks, was dragged from his glittering cart that afternoon, as he drove smilingly into town, and would havo beon roughly handled iC Mr. Eiohard Shaokford, a cousin of the deceased, ' had not interfered. ' : As tho day wore on, the excitement deepened in intensity, though tho ex pression of it became nearly reticent. It was noticed that the lamps 1 hrou^hout tho village were lighted nearly an hour earlier than usual. A sense of insoourity settled upon Stillwator with the falling twilight — fhat nameless apprehension whioh ii pos sibly moro trying to the nerves' than tangible danger. When a man is smitten inexplicably, aa if , by a bodilesB hand stretched out of a cloud — whon the rod slay or vanishes like & mist and leavea no faintest traoe ol his identity — the mystery shrouding the deed presently beoomoa more appalling than the dned itself . There is something paralyting in tho thought of an invisible hand aomowhere ready to strike at your, pr at soma life dearer, than y oar own. Whoa* hand, and where la it I Perhtpi it passes yon your coffee .at '''breakfast ; perhapa you havs hired it to shovel the, nnow off your sidewalk; perhaps it hai brushed against you In the orowd ; or may be yon have dropped a coin into tho fearful palm at a street oorner. Ah, the terrible unieen hand that stabs your Imagination — this Immortal part of you which ia a hundred times more sensitive than vour poor petltlublo body ! , In the mldit of situations the most solemn and tragic, thore often falls a light purely f aroioal In . Its incongruity. Suoh a gleam was unoon^oiouily projeoted npon the present oriels by Mr. Bodge, bettor known in the village kb Father Badge. Mr. Bodge was atono deal, naturally atupld, and hud been nearly moribund for thirty years with asthma. Juat befora nightfill he. had orawled in hia bewil dered wheezy fashion down to tho tavern, where he found a sombre orowd in tho bar room. Mr. Bodge ordered his mug of beer, and sat pipping it, glanoing meditatively from timo to time ovor the powtor rim. at the ruubo assembly. Suddenly he broke out, ' S'poso you've heeicd that pld Shaok ford's beon murdered.', So the snn went down on Stillwater. Again the great wall of, pines and hemlooks made a gloom against the sky. Tho moon rose from behind the tree-tops, frosting their ragged edges, and then sweeping np to tho zsnlth hung serenely abovo the world, as if there wore nover a orlme, or a terns or a henrt-break in it all. On tho afternoon of tho following day Mr. Shaaklord was duly buried. Tho funeral, under the direction of Mr. Biotiard Shaokford, who acted aa chiol monrnor, and waa solo mourner by right ol kinship, took plaoe in profound silenoa. The carpenters, who had lost a day on .Bishop's new stables, inter milted tbeir sawing and hammering while the servioaa were in progress j the steam was shut off in the iron-mills, and no clink ing of the phisc! waa heard in the marble yard for an honr, during whioh many ot the Bhops had their shutters np. Then, when all was over, the Imprisoned fiend in tho boilers gave a plowing shriek, the leather bands Blippoa on the revolving drams, the spindles leaped into lllo again, and the old order ol things was reinstated— outwardly, bat not in effect. Good Adviob to a JuDa».--Jim Webster was brought up yesterday beforo an Austin justioo of the peaoo. It was tho same old charge that used to bother him so muoh in Galvoston. Aftor tho ovidonoe waB all in, thn judge, with a! perplexed look, said:— 'Bub I do nob oomprehond, Webster, how it _ was poasiblo for you to steal thoBO ohiokens wh«n they woro roosting right under tho ownor'a window, and thoro were two. vioious dogs in. tho yard.' ''Hit wouldn't do yor a bit of good, jodgo, for mo to eplain how I cotohod dom chiokons, for yor oouldn't do it yoreelf'if yo tried it forty timus, and yer might get yer hide full of buckshot) do berry funt timo yor put yer leg qber do. fence. ? De Lou way for yor ter do judges furyortorbuyyerohiokeng in do market.'— Tata Btflityt. ?? 