THE MEßCüßY. PUBLISHED DAILY. -« SATURDAY MORNING, AUGUST 20,1881. In the Legislative Council yesterday, A petition was presented from Captain W. H. Smith, of the S.T. Rifles, praying for production of the copy report of the Commission of Enquiry, with the evidence taken. ' ! Mr. Chapman tabled a notice that he would bring the report under consideration of the Council at tho next Bitting. The House stands adjourned till Friday next. In the House of Assembly. Mr. Cox presented a petition from 48 inhabitants of Morven, praying for the abolition of the carriage tax. Dr. Crowther brought up a progress report of the Select Committee on the "West Coast resources and requirements. The report, which advocated the con- struction of several works, will be taken into considera" tion on Thursday next. The consideration of the Roads and Bridges Main- tenance Bill was then resumed in committee. After several hours' discussion, during which three clauses were postponed, the rest of the clauses were agreed to. Progress was then reported, and leave given to sit on Tuesday. Tho House then went into Committee of Supply, when resolutions for appropriating £15,000 for erecting public schools throughout the colony, and £1,000 for additions to the Government printing office, were agreed to. i The Colonial Tbeasoree stated that it was tho in- tention of the Government to proceed with the public works scheme and the estimates during next week. The House adjourned at 11*15, till 4 o'clock on Tues doy. ' ' The vaccination meeting last evening was repre- sentative in more ways than one, and brought out a local power of amusement which few knew Hobart possessed. A meeting auch as that of last night if arranged to be held once a week, would be a pleasing relief to the dull monotony of'Parliament ; but for the treat en- joyed we have not to thank tim committee under whose auspices last night's meeting was held. The Secretary incautiously blurted out that they had arranged that the very men best able to speak on the subject should bo tabooed, and that laymen alone should give vent to their opinions, probably on the principle that some men canspeak best on subjects of which they aro profoundly ignorant. Wo may bo mistaken, but it looked very much as if tho after explanation of Mr. Clare was an afterthought, and a not very well clothed-over attempt to explain away a great blunder. At any rate the prompt acceptance by Dr. Crowther of the Secretary's challenge, and the true British response which was given to his appeal against refusing any man the right of expressing his opinions, left no doubt as to the meaning of the meeting what- ever there may have been as to that of tho committee. And what would have been the worth of the meeting had not Dr. Crowther brought to the front the pugnacity of Dr. Benjafield whoso action said more than his words! The interest of the meeting was centred in tho matter and manner of Dr. Benjafield, though his lustro was somewhat dimmed by tho family revelations of Mr. Millhouse, and the chirurgie and therapeutic questions of Mr. Pratt, who, as ho left the platform, showed himself nervously anxious to ascertain whether, to use his own words, he had made a fool of himself. The discussion, in so far as opinions were expressed by the medical gentle- men who spoke, confirmed the adage that doctors differ. No two of the four were in unison. Yet all stood on the common platform that vaccination is a safeguard against small- pox, a doctrino which wo were astonished to find by remarks proceeding from different parts of the room, did not meet acceptance from a con- siderable number of those present, and though somewhat outside the purpose of the meeting, we may therefore be excused if we direct atten- tion to what tho high medical authority, the Lancet, in which Dr. Benjafield expressed Buch unbounded confidence, says :-Writing on 18th Junelast ona published memorandum by Dr. BüoHANAK on the estimated relative incidence of the present epidemic of small-pox upon the vacci- i nated and unvaccinatcd in the London popula- ] tion, tho Zancet says :-" Supposing that tho small class which is opposed to vaccination woro open to conviction through tho medium of arguments based upon statistics, wo might fairly expect that the publication of ' this memo- randum would havo somo effect upon this oppo-f Bition." And for this reason :-*' When Mr Buchanan shows that during tho past year tho death rate per million from Bmall-pox in London haB been only 00 among tho vaccinated against 3,350 among tho unvaccinatcd, it is impossiblo to deny that the figures, after full allowanco for possible errors of estimate, afford overwhelming testimony in favour of vaccination. Similar statistics, based upon similar calculations show that under five years of ago the proportional mor- tality from small-pox in tho past year was A0\ per million among the vaccinated, and 5,050 among the un vaccinated." After analysing the statistics, tho Lancet continues : " These foots, after full allowance for oil errors in the estimates used for the calculations, afford grounds for the strongest special pleading in favour of vaccina- tion. We doubt, however, the expediency of any such special pleading. Vi is leyonddispute that efficient infant laccination, followed hy efficient rc-vaccination at adolescence, practically confer immunity from fatal ¡mall-pox. It is wiser, we think, for the department having the control of vaccination simply to take its stand upon this ground, and to accept the recent small-pox epidemic in London, so far as regards the deaths of children, as evidence of a failure of tho vaccination system as at present carried out. Vacci- nation requires no defence or apology at the hands of its administrators, and this memorandum suggests an admission that the President of the Local Government Board considered vaccination itself to be on its trial, instead of the system ¡^hd efficiency of vaccination administration.'' ' < It was against >' tho ? system1 nn4 efficiency of vaccination administration," as now the law and practice in Tasmania, and not against vacoina tion itself that the meeting of last evening, was a protest,' and from this, standpoint we have nothing of what we havo previously written to extenuate or ' explain away, The Legislature and public opinion had, under the influenco of the small-pox scare, lost their equilibrium till the counter action of those responsible for last night's meeting toned down tho excitement arising out of the terror of small-pox, as tho meeting itsolf very much toned down tho nlarm which 'Dr. Benjafield had raised as to the dangerous quality of the lymph used. The out- come was that the Qovernraent, qs more than one speaker last evening said, had taken the ground from under the foet of those who took a prominent part in getting up the meeting, inas- much as parents wjjl bo afforded the opportunity of'choosing lymph from the arm, or from the animal, and the Act will remain in abeyance till tho means' 'of selection are supplied. As thoro is little doubt Government were influenced in arriving at i so wiso a determination by the publication of the requisition, wo hare an illustration of tho healthy power of publia opinion, and an eneouragement to q}l who can ovoko an expression of such opinion, The influential names signing the requisition to the Mayor were a sufficient guarantee of the depth and oxtont of the public interest. It was gratifying to notice this awakening. The right of public meeting and petition on local and general affairs is of the first importance, and it was astounding that there should havo been a moment's delay in acceding to a wish so gene- rally expressed. But for tho denoueir).ei),t whiph Government brought about, tho meeting would no doubt havo evoked an expression of opinion on tho Egyptian bondage undep wlficl) j;ho pooplo would have been placed under the new Act, the 8th section of which runs thus : "Every person not successfully vaccinated before the commencement of this Act shall submit himself for vaccination within two months after the commencement hereof, unless such person shall satisfy the vacci nator of tho district in which such person resides; that such person is insusceptible of the vaccine disease, or that such person has had tho small-pox ; and if such person shall rcfuso or neglect to comply with the provisions heroin contained, he shall for such offence forfeit and pay a penalty not exceeding five pounds." Other clauses of the Act are equally mandatory and tyrannical. Though apreBentconcession has been nidáo colonists would do well to ponder the words of these precious enactments. Hence- forth personal liberty is a farce. The vaccinating highwaymonareauthorisedtotaketotheroad,and to<*.ommand peaceable and careful people to siand and deliver themBolvos and their children to the merciless clutches of the powers that be. To enable citizens to judge of the conflicting theories and statements which may bo advanced on this subject of vaccination it may be well though wo do not commit ourselves to the writer's opinion of the profession or of vaccina' tion-to quote from an article on the medical profession and its morality, which appears in the Modem Review for April of this year. It states in very plain terms that members of the medical profession aro now banded together as a trade union, and that any hope of reaching any conclusion as to the truth or error of any favourite policy from anything they may ad vanco, or any statistics they may publish, is utterly futile. The Review remarks : " The vaccination controversy a one on which it would be idle here to enter ; but if the reader bear in mind the foot that between 1841 and 1871 the dostors received £1,047,000 out of the rate» for vaccination, independently of private practice, the zealotry and cruelty wherewith this ' rite' is upheld, will scarcely escape the(suspiciou of the before-named ' unconscious bias produced by pecuniary interest.' Baptism was never urged by thoBe who believed that it could Bave souls from perdition with such relentlessness as vac- cination te insisted upon by men who assume that it can sayo bodies from small-pox. ' , In a foot note illustrative of the writer's opinion, the case is placed in a still more striking light. It is there stated : "The trades unionism, which commands at once the doctors who register deaths, the doctors who profit by compulsory vaccination, and the coroners who direct the juries in cases of alleged death from vaccination, is amusingly'illustrated by such facts as the following, quoted by Mr. Peter Taylor, in Parlia- ment. Mr. Henry Hay, Health Officer to the Anton Union, Birmingham, writes :-' A death from the first cause (erysipelas after vaccination) occurred not long ago in my practice, and although I had not vaccinated the child, yet, in my desire to preserve vaccination from reproach, I omitted all mention of it in my certificate of death.' Again, the value of a medical coroner was exemplified at Leeds, where an inquest was held on a child 'who had died of the results of vaccination. The coroner declined to accept that statement as a verdict, and told the jury'there was no such thing known to the law as death from vaccinations, and they must bring in ' died by the visitation of God.* Vaccina- tion may be good or may he bad ; the present writer offers no opinion on the matter ; but if it be the worst thing possible we shall never get at the truth in the face of the interests which support it In the three years epidemic of small-pox-1870 71-72, 44,000 died of the disease in England in spite of compulsory vaccination. But whenever any vaccinated patients died, the doctors had two doors of escape from the arguments thus furnished against their beloved practice. The wretched patient had cither not been efficiently vaccinated, or had not been sufficiently re- vaccinated. In short, by the hypothesis, it must have been one or the other, for if he had been efficiently or sufficiently vaccinated and re-vaccinated, then, as the whole profession proclaims, ' he could not have died.' It is truly insolent of laymen to question the validity of reasoning of this kind, or to notice that they are bidden to believe one dictum at one time and an opposite dictum ten years later, all by the same authority, and with the same imperious demand for implicit confidence ! Ten years ago the most eminent medical men pledged themselves that another most dreadful disease could not be communicated by vac- cination. Now, they nearly all agree with Sir Thomas Watson, whoBpeaks of the 'ghastly risk,'" Privilege.-Wn have a privilcgo case in con- nection with Mr. Dooley's complaint to the House on Thursday afternoon, about which we have been seriously contemplating asking him to lecnre na the protection of the House. Having expressed regret that instead of ponring his sorrows into the ears of the Assembly, he did not ask a correction from the reporters,' we are mado to say :-" In this way he would havo saved his purpose equally well, and would havo served himself from tho uso of such un- warranted and ungentlemanly remarks as called forth the reproof of the Speaker." Tho words " saved" and "served" somohow got transposed. In our leading columns the printer also managed to clotho our desiro to keep tho member for_ East Devon out of Colney Hatch in language which is unintelligible to oven our ourselves. Bat wo have no sympathetic Parliament to protect us. Compulsory Vaccination.-A very largely attended public meeting was held yesterday even- ing in tho Town Hall, to consider the question of compulsory vaccination, and the desirability of taking steps to secure a snfficient and reliable supply of lymph. There was an attendancoof about a thousand persons, tho chair being occupied by His Worship tho Mayor. The proceedings, which aro fully reported elsewhere, wero of a moro than ordinarily interesting nature. At an early stage in the meeting a letter was read from the Colonial Secretary, stating that it was not the intention to enforce the use of humanised lymph by the bill lately passed, but it was left to the vaccinator to use that which ho might prefer. The Government were in communication^ with the other colonies with a view to ascertain if .calf lymph was procurable. Tho recoipt of this com- munication somewhat anticipated tho objects for which the meeting had been called. Considerable animation, however, was lent to the business of the meeting by a passage at arm?, to use an oft quoted metaphor, between Drs. W. L. Crowther and Benjafield. Formal resolutions wero carried ap- proving of the objcot of tho meeting, and appoint- ing a deputation to wait on the Government, asking to have tho views of the meeting carried out, and to reaucst tha{¡ the Act should not be enforced until thor/.' > Death of Bisuob O'Quink, of Brisbane.-We learn that His Lordship the Bishop of Hobart has received a telegram from Brisbane, announcing the death of the illustrious Bishop of that sec, the Most Rev. James O'Qulnn, which sad ovent took place at his reeidenco, Brisbane, at 2 o'clock last Thurs- day morning. Dr. f J. O'Quinn was a benefactor of the R. 0. Church in Tasmania, having given per- mission to the Bishop of Hobart to send one of the Tasmanian clergy to collect in Queensland for the rebuilding of St Mary's Cathedral. The deceased S relate ' wa« a personal friend ' of the flight lev. D,r. Murphy, and took n rjeep interest in the progress of ecclesiastical affairs in Tasmanii, He once visited this oolony in company with his brothers, the Bishops of Sandhurst and Maitland, some 10 years ago, and was en route to Hobart a second time, on the occasion of the re-opening of St Mary's Cathedral in Jauuary last, when he was taken ill in Sydney, and obliged to return to Brisbane. On Tuesday last Bmhop Murphy re, ceived a telegram, informing him that hjs fripnd was dangerously ill, and that littlo hopes were entertained of his recovery. He was, therefqro, not unprepared for the news of the fatal termina- tion on Thursday. The deceased gentleman was, wa learn from Australian Men qf the Time, bora at Athy, county Kildare, in 1820. He was educated in Ireland, and went to Rome to pursue his theo- logical studies, waa ordained a priest in 1S43, and took charge of an academical institution in Dublin. On 2pth June, JS59, he was cpnBgcrqted first Roman Cath'olio Bishop of Brisbane, wiicr<) ho arrived in 1861\. By h>s tact and tolerant spirit he on two occasions-at Charters Towera iu 1872, and at Ipswich in 1874-turned aside the angry passions of the Orangemen and Roman Catholics, and pre- vented thepe bpdies from coming into collision, Georqe Eliot's Mother.-A correspqndpnt enquires-" Can any of our readers of T'he Mercury inform mo whether the statement I have read in several colonial papers, purporting to be copied from sn English paper, that George Eliot's mother is still alive and residing in Tasmania be true or not? Tile great interest naturally felt in all that is con neotpd wjth the nreat authoresg, whose wqrfcs are destined £ob.ecome classfps, woujd bp gratifiée] it the truth of this assertion were set at reBt.'' Sunday Services.-At the WeBleyan Church, Melville-street, to-morrow, the Rev. F..E. Stephen- son will preach in the morning at II, and the Rev. S. T, WitUington }n the evening at G.30. There will be service as usual in the Mariners' Church at 3 p.m. Mission services will be oommenoed in St. Joseph's Church to-morrow, and will oonclude on Sunday, the 28th inst. Sermons will he prcaohed each evening at 7 o'clook. The Rev. J. 0. Whait, Warden of Christ's College, will preach at St. George's Church, Battery Point, on Sunday morn- ing. The offertory at the service will be in aid of the Clergy Widpws and QrphanB Fund. City' Police CouBX-^Mr. Tarleton, Police Ma- gistrate, disposed of the charge- sheet at the Police Court yesterday morning. A male, for being drunk and incapable,' was fined oí., with the alternativo of sevan days ia gaol. William Miller, who was complained against hy his wife, Mary Miller, that he did, on the 15th inst,, unlawfully threaten to do bodily harm to her, was bound over in his own reooguisanoe of f 10 to keep the peace for six months. Tasmanian Hall.-Professor Rice gave an enter, tainment in the Tasmanian Hall yesterday evening, before a well-filled house. The programme on this occasion was varied in many particulars from that presented previously, and met with the well deserved favour of the audience. The Professor again puzzled those who tested his power of mind reading b3' tho accuracy with which he discovered the object on which they had gonoentrated their mental powers, telling in every case sub. nutted to him the article- thought of. The handkerchief trick was explained, and a number of clever Bleight-of-hand tricks performed. The cabinet delusion, whioh croated so much conjecture as to the means by whioh the wonderful feats performed through its agenoy were carried out when the Davenport Bros, introduced it in England, was exhibited, and caused no little mystification, the appearance of the ghost, and the other accom- paniments of the trick being excellently well managed. Two gentlemen from the audience were stationed on cither side of the cabinet, bo that no outside agency could help the Pro- fessor in carrying out the illusion. He then went into a clairvoyant state and manifested how it was possible to read words which unseen by him bad been written, inserted in envelopes, and scaled therein. What is known among spiritualists as a rapping seance was then, given, tables being also made to rise in the' air, and other apparently wonderful tricks being performed. This evening a special performance will be given, at which any one desirous of so doing will bo allowed tú ask questiens. ' Mohawk Club.-An entertainment was given last evening, in aid of the New Towu Football Qlub funds, at the Templars' Hall, bv the members of the Mohawk Minstrel Club. There was a very large attendance. The programme was an unusually good one, and some of the itoms in it were rendered very creditably. The club, since its inauguration, has made rapid progress, evidently showing that the members spare neither time nor trouble in the preparation of their entertainments. There is a marked improvement in the choruses ; the glee, "Let the hills resound," being an excep- tionally good ¡tem. Mr. A. Edwards'song,'" Take mo again to your heart," was undoubtedly tho gem of the evening. Mr. H. Cato Bhnwed to advantage as a sentimental singer, and rendered " Tho golden stair" very nicely. Messrs. Fryer and Hudspeth, as corner men, kept tho audience in good humour, their comic singing being greatly applauded. Messrs. F. Ralfe, C. Pitfield, F. P. Bowden, and E. Hannaford deserve mention for their solos. Mr. F. Bowden, as interlocutor, discharged his duty with care. Mr. T. Haywood presided at the piano, and rendered the accompaniments with his usual ability. Ancient Oreejj py Druids.-Twelve months bave not yet passed since the Lodge of the United Ancient Order of Druids, No. 114, was established at Hobart uuder very auspicious circumstances. When tho Lodge was opened, a good many members were enrolled, but since then tho list of members has considerably increased, the society being now in a very flourishing condition. To celebrate the anniversary of the formation of the Lodge, the com- mittee have been actively engaged for some time past in arranging for a grand torchlight procession, with a social entertainuieut at the Working Men's Club rooms. As regards the procession, etc, we have received the following description of the probable arrangements :-The procession will leave the Lodge-room, Working Men's Club, and march through all tho principal streets. The members of the Lodge will bo attired in full regalia, and marshalled in tho proper order. At the head of them vi ill be n baud, and next a triumphal car, in which will bo seated tho prinoipal officers of the lodge, dressed in full regalia, and sur- rounded with all the emblems appcrtaiuing to the Ancient of Order Druidioal priests. The procession will haltat the Working Men's Club-room, where the officers and other brothers of the Lodge will give a Bocial entertainment, to which the friends of the membors will bo invited. The torchlight procession will be novel in its nature, and being a sight straugo to the streets of our city, will uo doubt consequently attract a crowd of sightseers and help to draw a large attendance to the entertainment. Stag Hunt, Melton Mowbray.-According to advertisement a goodly number met, amongst whom were several ladies, also two gentlemen from the North, to once more do honour to our old friend, "Misty Morn," who had to be trapped and carted to a suitable locality on two previous occasions, and this was intended to be done for the third time; but no, not for Joseph, as he thought he had the best right to choose a fair hunting couutry, which he did in grand style, clearing the park gate, which is 7ft. high, taking through the blacksmith's paddock, giving us a big post aud rail fence into the new racecourse, sailing straight for the big hill on the Kelvin Grove estate, and giving us posts and rails and lime fences (regular bullfinches). The day being clear the music echoed through the valley of the Grove, which, no doubt, made our antlered flyer think their notes a discord. He then doubled round towards Kelvin Grove, and made straight for the Melton paddocks, reaching his park once more unhurt, the field being well up, all but the Whip, H. Ball, who had a nasty fall from Nicholas, and broke his collar bone. The run was very fast, and although not a long one, rather severe for those not well mounted, who were few, there being as select a lot of straight-goers as we have seen for many a day. Amongst the nags I noticed Edward, Nicholas, Merven, May Day, Flirt, Minnie, Dutchman, Lurline, Royal Oak, a grey, and a great many whose names I do not know. The run not being a long one, only warmed us up to concert pitch, so we had another spin, after what I could not find out, but the hounds rushed away at full cry, giving us quite enough to do to get up to them, over about fourteen fences. This ended a very jolly day, trusting we may have as good sport at Richmond on Saturday.-Communicated. ~ Latrobe v. Formby.-On Saturday the first football match that lias over been played on the North-West Coast, came off between tho above mentioned clubs ni Latrobe, the game resulting in a comparatively easy victory for the Latrobe team. II. Braddon, the Latrobe captain, won the toss, and selected to kick with the wind, acîrcumstinco that C. Roberts, who worked well nil through, wns not slow in taking advantage of, as he placed the ball over the Formby goal almost immediately after tho kick off. Before half-time was called Roberts succeeded in kicking nnothcr goal, and Henry, who wns playing well, also managed to put the ball over the liar. The Formby team played a plucky «phill (though slightly erratic) game nil through, rushing tho ball repeatedly to the Latrobe goal, but here they generally found themselves "ntHoa." Hawkin«, tho Formby captain, and Thomas nearly succeeded in punt- ing n goal for Formby, and Urquhart, with n good Kick ngainst the wind, nearly scored a fourth goal for Latrobe. When time was called the Latrobe had scored three goals and 22 bchinds ngainst their opponents'15 bollinda. For Formby Hawkins, Thomas, and Buck played well ; while Roberts, Latham, Stevens, and Hcnrydistinguishcd themselves for the locals. After the game the players adjourned to Barber's Hotel for dinner, at /which the usual toasts woro given and responded tq. -The return match comes uti' in three weeks. ' BpuqY Accident.-^A horso and buggy the pro-, perly of Mr. Waterhouse, Sandy Bay, bolted from the Railway Station at about 10 o'olook yeBterday morning, The horse galloped up Liverpool-street at a furious rate, and ran tuto a verandah post in front of the shop of Mr. Hood, Btationer. Fortu- nately there was no one in the vchiole, which, together with the horse, was considerably damaged. Bicycle Collision.-Bioyole travelling is not without its attendant dangers, a fact whioh was fully exemplified yesterday afternqoo, when Messrs. E Watchorn and, Y{. R. Harvey met with a Bovero shaking ' by íbe"ír respective bicyoles coming into collision, The two gentlemen in question wero turning the corner of Elizabeth-street into Liver- pool-street, when, probably epurrod to the feat of emulation by the ? sight of some fair spectators gazing at him, the latter-named gentleman put on a spurt, but instead of creating the desired effect, ran into his companion's bicycle, and the two oame to grief, falling heavily to tho ground, both seoeiving a serious shaking;_ An extraordinary meeting of shareholders in the Bank of Van Diemen'« Land (Limited) will be held at the Bankhw House, Macquirle-street, on the after- noon of Monday, 5th September, at 3 o'clock, to obtain the sanotlon of the shareholders to the purchase of the premises known as the Ship Hotel, at tho corner of Elizabeth and Collins Btreets. A meeting to form a branch of the Church of Eng- land Temperance Society will be held on, Monday evening next at 7'20, in tho BeJItrive instituto. Tjio Rev«, G. Shoobridge and H. H. Finnis, and Mr. Solly will be the speaker«, and the proceedings will be diversified with'rausic and readings, < All persons interested in the Brighton Ploughing 1 Match are requested to meet at the Epsom Hotel on the 24th inst, nt 0-30 p.m. 