BREVfTiES ggutS-pox IB still spreading. The Admiral is improving. The jfcoyal Princes are on duty. ? Garfietjo hs« suffered a relapse. Jjfiitt -Juries r*ftiM$ to convict Izu/b sjritators. The'?ove$io'B: tMA&f; ias returned inconstant. E.M.S: Em*rt3d bas returned to Sydney. Jote A. Dowie 6sd the Adelaide police aathoritib. £&va; ith.6. a dispute. A .dinner to the ptttr officers, seamen, and marine* Of tne fitfoadroa 16 sugeescea. H.M;S. Bacchante is ordered to leave M«lbottrne Fee Sy&aey; with »U despatch. The seamen of thft fleet are re- laying swivel moorings. TSe Friseo mafl ete»ra«r has arrived at Ancldand and is &n6; here on j?rfday. i The eqna-dron will probably remain in port ail thi| we?fc. Tke Atttamft Sittings of tne Scpreme Court cem« meneedto-day. Another fresh ease of supposed small pox it repotted thS« m«rnia^; . ^ There are some fiats who believe tiiat Oxferc-street is to be flattened. The ' emaU-por 'bng' has been efcafidoiied in lavo*r of & mote commodious ambulance. A mcta named Hughes, locked up on & chare* of druateiaeas, in Park street on tbe 22 instant, died while fcb£er remand for nwdioal tieatinest. Tk.6 libel ieiiohby Dr. Chisholm egainet Dr. Goodo was (fettled to^dAy by arrangement fit the Supreme Ge-fff.fc - .m&.. fe«e1tefiBy Sir Arthur K^nnedr, C.B., K.^.]fiL-G., with bis daughter, Mies Kennedy, lc-fl B/fgb&se; t-J-dk- for Sydney. Tile M&?tib Forde Comic Opera Compp-Try oTceed ti«j« seas«n at Stswell last Monday, Business fair. Qone to H^rshfltn. Dr- Sins presoheil a liberal and l&rga- tearted; sertsos on the story of the ' woman who waa a sinner ' in St. Andrew's Cathedral y-^i«:dey. Itia intended to lav with woeden blocks, similar to those in King and Pitt street, that part of George street becwefen Masket acd Park etteete. The ttsnfel picnw; parties down tie harbour in con sequence of the tinging of St. Phillip's bells weze, this morning, numerically successful. Pitt--Btr£6t roadway is how finished, and this morn* ing the o&rta; were reraevme' tbe refuse and debris. The road looks Wei and sound. Ai tke STewfeown Police Court, .this mornisff, Patrick W*lfth was fizssd 403 for aasaultidv ConstaWe Walker whilst ia the execution of his duty. Dr- Ellis aaeerted, at the GaihacraJ, l*fffe night, fhatoae of the purest womsa ia. Linden is a1 ballet dsBoer. Th« Princes remained on board this morniugr, »n3 it ie not likely Sycney will eee much more of them till their rei nlar guardian — Lord Suotfc — arrives. Tho balls of St. Phil)i»'s chureh rang ont a merry psai to-fisj in Commemoration of th* birfehdp.y of the Hon. Joba Catapbeli, who presented tlie bel's. Tha wo^k of erecting a, new arcade from Gaorga street, opposite tho tnartcets, to Pitt-etreet, near the north side of the School of Arts, ia to . bo started shortly. The ambtilar.ee waggon for the cotiveyfiEoe oC gmell-pos patipEto was Bsed for the fl'Bt time tbia morning in lh« t&sas; 6i email-pox off Sussex street. A correEp»*(Seirt writes t — VLsmy thaaiVs bra dme to you for jo's? able, outspoken ottiele of Monday, 18th instant, re ' University Conimemorrttion and Absent Geveraov,' from tbe community. ? ? ' A man Eanjrd jKii:ea HHgi.eB, who tvbk rcmandfct on a charge of drnukennGBS, died s& Dariicg-linrEt gaol oa Sata.-day, a few raieubea after his arrival there. Owing to some delay ia the landinp of tha Malwa's mails bA Melbourne tiiis mcriaicg we tmdnrafcfind £ha.t there is no pvobahility of their reaching Sydney to-morrow morning. We axe pleased to notice that as influential oora niittao for carryiEg out the return ball to the mayor baa bees formed. A meeting is cs.iled for to-morrow (Tueadry), when, doubtless, there will be a largo attendance. The committee of tbe ParraniaUs, Bowing Cint- have pnrthaeei a moo tub-gig item the Merc&ntiia; EowinR Club. It w^s rowed up to Paramatta, by tht» captais oi^ the Fttrsmatta Club and three other member?, in two fccBrs, on Sataiday aft«fE.oon. Sir H^nry Paries e«ys that the Govctnmeat intend to pnttii on the ChiseRe Bill first, then the Licencing1 Bill, asd allow nothing after these to take precedence of the Local Government Bill. Any mu nicipal bodies having tuggfEiioua to make should send them in in ivritingr. Commodore tVilsos submitted a very valuable! paper to theDefenoe Contmiseion, eivicg his ideas on the deteaoe of the Australian coloaice. He beliovea in a Naval Bapade, but tbink« tbs membera ought to nave faoiiities for dieplajing their abilities, us a, naval force, on tke water. 'I he children who attend a large school is Bot&ny-; Rtrect, Sfflrry Hills, require a goog. deal of vigiianee on the part, of their teachers. Pha eloBfi proxnaity i-f the tram line readers it very dartgerccs for thepe 7oun?st«rB to pl&y; about tuo scad, a practice whiofa. is of dnily ocourenoe. A Melbourne eorieRpocdcnt seys that 'Judge Molosworth is to have two years leave of absenoe, and Sir Bryan abandoninir kia r.olitieal career, will take tU« Supreme Court jadg-eEhip temporarily. This means of course tV.at be vdli encoesd to the ermine/' They manage these thinga better iu France. ' Melbourne PnCoh' is pu' iishiTip a Burial etory on th« lines of tVe niftory of thn TJohborne claimant. The hero ia Princo JSdward, who rncs away from t)-e Squadron whilo at Sj-aney, and apprentioee himself to & bntoher at Wagfi». Ife is nnder*t-iod rhat ha ?vill tura up ss the ri^htf nl heir in 30 or 40 ysars time. The amateur sculling raca for a vAiflable watch, - presented by Mt. A. Finlayaon, was won by Mr. W. G. Brett, of the Meroa-utile Eowicg Clus, com fort-abty, on Saturday afternoon, against C. Me-o£)f, of the B&ine; clul», and MesfirB. Gaden,Ttiomp»oat&sd; Aaatow, of tha Sydney Bowing Club. . Eumour excol^ed itself in rerereinfe to Esrl C'an william last night. Not only wss it reported tba-1 ho ««,e dead but aiAo thai- his digeaKe was1 small-pox, and that the fact w&s; feeing btu jicusly ooncealed It is unnecessary to e&y; that one rumour is as false aa the ot'&er.; We ha.ve to soknowleclge receipt of the folforin? additional donntionp towards the relief of tV«- uxfo* toi-ato Bout famil? f-ffiaiployrtrs of Mr» P. 'Waiki-r (Temple Comt), .£6 10s ; W. Baldry. 6cu-bui&- stroot, £1 Is; Ch&s.; li. WJgSell, Oxford-sirttit, ^lls. Mr. Wilitera Henry Sobberde, solieitoi, of Uo.73 Caatlcreagh-stTeet, bydnev, ho.a been appoiatfd or the Sapremo Coutt of the colati.v ot tbe C»pe-of Gaci Hope e. o:-ni'-tdssior:e- for tJio lakini ofaffi-i&vite;, jm:.! for fixaofii-iarioa of witnossus, &o.;, to be used ttii-hia. the juiisdietion of tbsvt Court, Oa ibe Wfollobr* t'raDeh of tb« tramway Jii-e a small tole JRpunoiiedra the ticket (the farebptug Ir.), to sigEify it:i bfiving beex usttd once. Bome tconfmu oai, or rather mpaa. individuals, htrs of late tra vfllod; fram Sydney, and vice vftrsa,, by handine' a perfo- a«d tietettothe gna-d in payment of a 2d fere, Ueii *f oarefal to keep their thumb on the bolo, au« »??- prevent a detection. At night time, aad with no Jij:l:ta in the carriages, -which hss now become a nE-uitl thiBg, it isinipsasi^Je to notifte the fraud, and consi dering the unfortunate guard ie obliged to con];.' pcod such d;-fi-3'i-ueies, it is too bad that peeyie will rt-eort' to po sliabuy a tricfe. A droli interruption took p\Mtt in ?- Melbourne theatre one nitflttdBriDgraperformaBee of ' Hamlet'1 by the lato Walter Montgcnwry. In the cloeefe scene, juet when the ghost had appeared, and th« audience ia broathleas eiIbdoo were lietonirp to Hamlet's adjexation to the Boyal shade of Den mark — Save me and berer o'er me ?mlih yonr ?wine*, You beitenly enti-'de ( What w*uld you, grictoue flpnts^ A Jew Buddcn'y jtttnpfcd op in the nit, and, lookirg ia the direction of the enllory, exolftimed in loed and; indignant toiies — *' I should ver moosh like to know who that waeh that ehpat in toy ore.' 