. KlJJts fljaycocK, (tie Sculler Tho following intorosting letter, under the ?siyimture of 'Charon,' appears in Tuesday flinrning'a 'Herald :' — Sir,- -It may be remembered that upon the ?'neiva of the projected match between Laycock and Il.inlan beciimiiiij known in Sydney a meeting was at once ca'lert, and the sum of £350 subscribed ?and telegraphed homo to be applied in part pay iiiiint ofXaycnok's stakes. The amount was duly reooived, and Laycock now desires to express his gratitude to those of Ids Sydney friends who came to his rescuo. But for it tho race would probably have fallen through, and he adds that the kind ness was far greater than he ever ventured to 'expect. Writing of Trickett's race with Ross, he ?s:iys :—' Poor old Ned has had more bad luck, lie reived and beat Ross as fair as over man did in this world. Just after passing Hammersmith Bvidyo Rosa eased up, and both fouled. Ned stepped, and let him go on, so that Rosa got by ?fur llio bast of it. Ned then went in chase, ami ?pnssed him, coming in first ; but Mr. Ireland the litiinire (who, it appears, did not see the foul), 'ordered the race to be rowed over again. As soon ?as he uttered tho words I almost gave up the ?ghost, for Ned looked droadfnlly bad, and 1 fancied ho would get worse, which ho did-; that was on the Monday, and the raco was to be rowed 'off on the following Saturday. Ned and I went 'dnwn to Eastbonrno, to see if the seaside would rovivo him ; but it was no use, he got mirso, and ??was very bad indeed on- Tuesday night. We stopped there until Friday, but without any improvement ; he revived a little on Saturday, W was anything but fit to row a hard race. You iuinv the result. Ho is getting better now, but does not fool inclinod to row again in England. li'iss is so elated at beating him that ho has chal lenged mo in to-day's ' Sportsman' to row in 'eight weeks for £200 a-sido. I havo answored that I will row in four or tivo weeks for £200. Before I meet Hanlan I should like to have ?.mother go at him. Wo bad very cold weather a ?short time back ; hnt tho last fortnight has been beautiful, quite warm enough for anything1; but id I round here looks quite desolate, and the leaf less trees give everything a dreary aspect. I have had a lonij spell, bnt must go in for hard work again. After losing so much, it is hard to tackle it again and have to go over the same ground, pur trip to Eastbourne was a pleasant change from old fogey Thames. To-morrow I am oil' to tho Tyue again, to get another boat built, and will fepond a few days among tho Goordies, who are 'clean gimo on boat-racing.' Of his prospects in the coming Vace with Hanlan he is silent ; but his incidest desiro io moot Ross ' ono week before the ?great event' convoys its own meaning, ancl one hardly knows whether to be astonished or amused at tho profound indill'erenco with which he treats 'such matters. Though he intends sticking to tho tjlwnpion until ho has successfully or unsuccess fully moasured blades with him, yet he is most anxious to return home again. And now, I yoiild ask, is it not time that stops should bo taken in a practical maunor to recognise our 'cwintrymaii's prowess and unflinching determina tion j It is needless to repeat tho circumstances of his voyage homo, his troubles upon his arrival in Ens-land, and his subsequent races there; bnt I who can read his victory in the Hop Bittevs raco. tritely described as tho finest ancl most celebrated of contests that havo ever boon witnessed on the now historic course of old Thames, and not feel a felon- of enthusiasm and pride that tho winner was nred and born in this remote corner of our Aus tralia? Though the once -neglected Shark Islander im found it necessary to travel 10,000 miles to nght his way to tho hearts of his fellew country w«n ho is at last properly understood, mid it wiiu d bo well to show him that wo are grateful l»r his services. Apart from tho wanderings of oont-rneiiitj enthusiastn, such as myself, we may pcrhnns |,,,,]: ,lt Lnyuock demonstrating, at tho very homo of tho race from wheuco ho sprang tliiit its suns still retain these rave qualities which Have made their sires so famous. -I would concliulo with tho f.-llowirig extract from I110 Y'11!'.'11 ' Sportsman' of 20th November, 1880. in a ICiUling article cominonliui- upon the pr.-jecud »aca .between Laycock and Hnnkn ?:-'' I am «ell acids Laycoek in his hi nil1 hearty fashion ? urn I wn«h I am not sncli a fmt puller as ?n, ii .i 't,'10 slll)(v tIilnli'» ft''l tho British Public that the Australians ean pull well onotii-h I m-T^Sr'',',111' pl'-vin' Vvilh tlllim »» their 3 'i icy. Pn,,ll.mim,H,R fri- omU havo urged him i j) a toiniit a mutch ayainst such a red-nbtnblb w mi an us I,,.,!,,,,, p.,illtinu out that it wi 1 ln- 2, : V ? e with tllu cl'U(lit 'f f»»f snecewivo r»v r r'i n$ ii wii'iin-'-»i- mo*. n«t th« cle '? ' ' hU:nk LhnAw is mllwiblo. H0 ' lu ull(! 'IO1U 'iit-in for Auatraliii, and that he U propari!U-u6'miiJ:ovif only the; nligl -n. nli'ordod. Ah wa irave alretuly said,' hit ..r and valour are admirable' in tho oxtiome, n must command tho widest' respect and app m- Wo-o the match to take placo, and Laycuc1 i fitstain dof«at, wo fool posilively coiti n tin1 i would be heartily greolod right from Aim till i Putney on tho journey homo, just btoiust I ' demonstrated such loyalty to a deft itcd mm u ( and such nl)i-!ing jeal 'iisy for tho honour ul la country. What wnul I happen were ho to pr i I victdrioua it would ho diflicult to sutss ' But still we must iiot fnri-et altogether our fortuuato but faithful Ned Trickott. 