The Argus is very angry. Not only have we dared to differ from it, but we have had the temerity to unearth from its own columns a statement showing that the Branxholme and Cas terton line, which it now supports, was denounced by it in Februaiy, 1879, as being a "political railway" having its origin in "a most unchristianlike grudge " entertained by Mr. Woods against the people of Dundas. The motives of the ex-Minister of Railways were so categorically put, that there was no resisting the original conclu sions arrived at by the Argtis — this constituency, it stated, " had been guilty for many years of the unpardonable sin of returning as its representative Mr. Macpherson, whom the Commis sioner did not regard with unbounded admiration — the failure of Mr. Woods to stop the construction of the Ararat and Hamilton line had embittered a naturally amiable disposition — Air. Woods whilst in power had never missed an opportunity of exhibiting his displeasure." It is no doubt awkward for any journal to have the ghosts -<of former leading articles rising up in judgment against it in this unpleasant way, but the annoyance felt by our contemporary supplies no justification for the savage personal attack it has thought fit to make upon ourselves and upon the Secretary of the Hamilton Railway League. Elsewhere we re print our contemporary's article entire, & courtesy which was not extended to us; and we also republish the now celebrated letter of the Secretary of the League which the Argus sup pressed, but which found a resting place in the pages of the Herald. It will be seen that the Argus apparently acts upon the instructions sometimes given to learned counsel, " we have no ease — abuse the opposite party." Such phrases as " bad manners," " pitiful irritation," " vulgar impertinence," " disgrace to journalism," ".dirty little local job," "grossly insulting effusion," "a gentleman intemperate of speech and overbearing in manner," "dis creditable remarks," hx, hx, meander up and down through nearly two whole columns of large type, and if Daniel O'Connell's friend, Biddy Moriarty, were still in the flesh, we should have imagined she had been en gaged on the staff of our con temporary. The letter of the Secre tary of the League does not contain a single vituperative, epithet, and we may fairly leave the public to judge which of the two lucubrations exhibits the more respect for the ethics of journalism. It will be remembered that the Argus in estimating the cost of the two competing railways, committed an arithmetical blunder amounting to £9000 in its own favour, and when we pointed out this trifling misuse of the multiplication table, our contemporary " passed over the insult in silence," and waited (unfortunately in vain) for a "frank apology" from us. What- magnanimity to be sure ! Considera tions for his own dignify prevented the Argus editor correcting his mistake for the information of the public — the same considerations in feet, which pre cluded his conceding the right of reply to an individual he had attacked. The Argus next says the Spectator lias fallen foul of Sir Charles Sladen, which is certainly an exaggeration. We only stated that the conduct of the lion, member in speaking on one ride of the question and voting on the other was a puzzle to us, and that we should leave him to explain it himself, as we could not. The vindication of the senior member for the Western Province at tempted to be set up by our contem porary is an ingenious one, but it does not agree with the Argus report of the j parliamentary proceedings ; for Sir Charles Sladen is therein made to say i that " the arguments were all in favour of the Hamilton, route," whilst in the division list he is reported to have voted against that route. Rut the Argus is the only paper that is privileged to " fell foul " of Sir Charles Sladen. When our contemporary' thought the hon. member intended to vote on the Hamilton ride, it took him to task by regretting that a gentleman of big standing in the House should have set such a bad example as to treat one of the Branxholme witnesses rather roughly, and the paper laid down the law that as witnesses before the bar were utterly defenceless, no member should make remarks which could not be resented. Here again the Argus was wrong -in its facts, or else the parliamen tary report in that journal is defective, for although Sir Charles SladenV conduct was commented upon in a leading . article, not .one word implying the leari> roumess in the handling of a witness appears to have reached the reporters. We may say also that Sir Charles Sladen's manner to all the witnesses was uni formly courteous, and that none of them had any reason to complain. The Argus goes on tosay, "As to the charge against Mr. Service of log-rolling, all who know that gentleman will admit that he is the very last man in the world to lend himself to anything of the sort." By the way, if the Argus had done us the justice to print what we did say, it would have found otfr words to be as follows : — " There was no log-rolling — of course not It was merely that the exigencies of the occas ion required that the leader of the Op- , position and the forces under his com mand should avoid coming into collision with the Government on this Railway BilL" And now let us see what the Argus itself has:had to say on log-roll ing. When the Bill was before the Assembly ourcontemporaiycommented;; on the " wonderful unanimity " which existed amongst the members, and observed : — It is certain tint there secraod to be a VCT7 thrrrourfi awwwijvat ban XDembOTS— HO thorOUfa Indeed, that a stranger unacquainted with the >« chmriw borne by oar Lower 'Chamber, . might have been almost lankroed tax suspecting the SxSteideGf » practice xrolch. In connection with less exalted bodies. Is known by the name of "log rolling.' There cannot be adonbtthal the list contains rail ways which are jxxrely political lines, and we can only attribute the kindness with which thee wire treated to the existence of some compact- gome treaty pro- YidlDgformafeulaSdandgaocoar. The " purely political lines " our con temporary in another article, defined to be the one to the Ballarat racecourse, the branch to Scarsdale. and the line tpsMr. Service's constituency at Mai- don, sill of which it declared 'should be struck out, in order to substitute lines " more in accordance with .a national railway policy.": Respecting" the -line to Maldon (known in the lobbies as " the sop ") the Argus wrote : — We cannot help thinking too, that the )iafdon nul- w&y; should be placed in the same category. Haldol! lies within easy distance of bating linsa, and . it cannot be said to be a place of such importance . as to be en titled to additional facilities while other places are without Any. . HtfunHyjKabOHldJikfi Service's constituents accommodated, as some acknow ledgement of the good work which the hon. member has done for the public ; but we are bound to confess that the construction of a railway to Maldon under, existing circumstances would be a wrong done to" hundreds of selectors who must speedily be brought into communication with the seaboard or suffer ruin. And after i-his the Argus holds up its hands in pious horror at the comparatively mild statements of that "vulgar, impertinent, dis grace to journalism " the Hamilton Spectator! Will our contemporary1 be. kind enough to tell us who are the con tracting parties it refers to as being concerned in the " compact " or " treaty for mutual aid'and succour," and what is the meaning intended to be conveyed by its association of Mr. Service and his line to Maldon with Major Smith and the Ballarat " political lines 1 " The next thing which. ahocks the leading journal is -the notion that a constituency electing a member of Par liament has the right to expect that its member will get the support of his'1 party. We say distinctly that so long as Government by ' party -is the rule in this colony no constituency will ever be prevailed upon to return a. second time, any member, who has once been; treated as a political Pariah and "de serted by the leader, who recommended him for the support of his party. We have the authority of the Argus- for stating that the Branxholme and Casterton railway was the outcome of a feeling of revenge entertained by a former Commissioner of Railways against Hamilton, and we maintain that those who resist a wrong of this character should -be com plimented upon their pluck, rather than abused for trying to cany out that self-preservation which is the first law of nature ! The diverting of the inter colonial railway from Hamilton is only one of a long series of punishments visited upon the place -for its political opinions, and we have already men tioned the knocking off of the trains, the disarrangement of our mails, and many other inflictions peculiar to this constituency. We say -a community has a right to be protected against such injustice, for these are the veiy weapons that Berryism wields with the greatest effect, and no paper has been more severe in condemning the use of such influences than the Argus — when it has suited its book to do so. At this stage it is too late for the leading journal to try and make ont that the intercolonial route via Hamilton is a " dirty little local job," for that paper has been too profuse in its expressions of regret that the line should be taken from Hamilton, to permit the supposition that it ever really believed anything of the sort. It may be a " shameful doc trine" in the estimation of our con temporary to suppose that a consti tuency, if not entitled to expect some benefit from Parliamentary representa tion, should at least not be made to suffer for its political opinions; but the ; difficulty is to get the electors to appreciate the sesthetical beauties of tbe virtue of self-denial in such a case. If there had been any pretence of settling this railway question on its merits, it would be a different thing, but the Argus itself bears testimony to the fact that in the Assembly the whole business was pre-arranged, the jury in fact coming into court with their minds made up before hearing the case; whilst in the Council the arguments and the voting went dif ferent ways. Respecting our charge of unfairness against the Argus, our contemporary virtually admits it Want of space is a verv convenient excuse with some newspapers, and next to tho " out raged dignity " dodge, it is the most effectual means for silencing opponents. A journal with the resources of the Argus, however, should scarcely plead want of space as a reason for entirely excluding the public from a contro versy deemed sufficiently interesting to form the text of so many of its lead ing articles As for the elaborate eflorts of our contemporary to wriggle out. df the former position it took up in condemn ing Mr. Woods and his Branxholme route, these efforts only plunge our: critic more . deeply into the mire If at that time the Airgus knew little or nothing about . the question, and in tended not to commit itself, why; then it had obviously no right to denounce, Mr Woods for perpetrating apolitical job and paying off an old grudge. The 1 Argus, in feet, according -to, ite present showing, had. no meo"- of knowing that the scheme was a job ,at alL -Nevertheless, its -statement denouncing Mr Woods was definite, was not quali fied in any way, and was- made entirely ion its own responribility, "froin: its own knowledge of. Mr. Woods. . There fore our contemporary may . .choose which horn of the dilemma it will be impaled on. Either it grossly wronged Mr. Woods in February 1879, .or else it has been doing a grievous injustice to Hamilton in 1880. Which is it ? Just a few words in conclusion as to the refusal of the Argus to insert the reply of the Secretary of the League to one of . its numerous articles, in which his name was very freely mentioned. The letter was left at the newspaper office under certain condi tions. The writer stipulated that it should either be published next dgy or that his copy if refusedshould beforth- with returned to him for insertion in some other paper. He was told to call again in the evening when the editor's decision should be made known to him. He -did Call again, and was ---ihfdrtned that the editor had read the fetter, had ordered it to be put in type, and'that, barring accident, it would duly appear next morning Quite satisfied, the writer : went awayyand sihe following day instead of seeing the letter pub lished, be received' an irisnlting note refusing to insert it. The secretary afterwards wished to get back his manuscript as he had no duplicate, and was informed that he might alter the proof, but that strict orders were given that it shonld not go. out qf - jthfe office. The proof was handed to him,'und as there was no accom modation for sitting, down, he naturally put the paper in his pocket sad walked away, intimating that if he wanted it published in, an altered ,A>rm, he wtijdd brirajtit back On residing «i£ over; the secrf&ary; ^dis covered', nothing that according to his twenty-five years' experience as a feuiv nalistSbould be regareed as'personnUy offensive or objectionable in any way, and he took the " proof " to the editor of the Herald who agrped wijh that view of the case, and ' pab- lished the letter. Probably the great' Panjandrum of the Aryitt was vexed at seeing the thing published elsewhere, and had calculated upon his " sub "- being able jto enforec the im- pounding. of-theobnoxious communica-. tion, W the writer was too old a bird to be caught in that trap. - So much for the " indulgence " which the Argus says was " unscrupulously abused " by forwarding the "proof" to another jour nal. Most people would cbaracterisethe transaction by another name than in dulgence, and would wonder where the unscrupulority comes in. - Really it is laughable to note the airs some people give themselves ! 