QUEENSLAND ITEMS, ? A man nnmed John Mortimor was accidcn tally drownoi at Beirut a short time back. A comio journal haa been ntarted in Bock hajipton under the title of ' The Laughing JaokaBB.' ., _ . Tho vinos and fruit trees nb'ufc Roma aro looking well. A large number of the latter have boon planted this season. Tho Municipal Connoil at Roma hayo ap proved a draft contract for boring an urt'Sian well for water to a depth of 1,000 feet if neoes Rary. ,'.'.'..' . Since 'Wardon Hill's' raid on tho Chinoso miners at Kavenswood who hud not tnkon out miners' rightB; over eighty-two of the^o docu ments havo beon applied for by exiles from the flowery land. The whoat about Warwick ia reported to bo looking woll in somo parts, and should rust keep off, a fair crop is expeotoJ. The weather is altogether favourable for wheat, though rain is wanted for grass and greon orops. Favourable aooounts are rocoived of the state of the timber trade in the Gympio district. £253 was received for lioonoes during tho past quarter. Thu receipts for tho throo qunrtora ended September 30, wero £780, or £227 more than was' taken during tho whole of last year. The Maekay Standard says : — ' Apropes to the suooessful oanvassing visit made by Bishop Stanton, of N.Q., to England— result, £5,000 — it may b9 mentioned that at homo they call the oolonial bishops who visit the ' tight littlo islands,' «nd seek donations for thoir dioceass, ' returned empties.' ' The corporation labourers at Toowoomba have been taken away from other work, and set to sink another well, the exiating one having given out. The Gazette considers the work an absurdity, and a disgraceful waste of the ratepayers' money, as the now well is not likely to prove a greater success than the other. The annual picnic of the railway employes at Toowoomba came off on Ootobar 13. and proved a most enjoyable affair. The weather was all that could be. desired, and the spot chosen — on Western Creek, near Helidon— a charming one. All sorts of games and sports were indulged in with immonse zeBt by young and old alike. Some days back a little child named Murray disappeared from St. Helen's station, Mackay, and it was surmised that the poor little thing had fallen a victim to native dogs or alligators. It is now thought that the ohild may be alive — carried off by the blaoks. or by a strollirig Japanese company. The latter we should think' very, -unlikely. Searoh is still being made. ; . The 1.20 p.m. up train for Roma nearly come to grief on Thursday beyond Oakey Creek, in consequence of a length of rail having been taken up fcr repairs. The train ran aorosn the vacancy, and most of it took tho line again, but the guard's van failed to do' so, and was thrown off the line with a great shock. Nobody wbb injured sxoept the engine driver, who was rather badly hurt about the log, and who had to be sent baok to Toowoomba. Thb line was straight for a long diatance at the place where the accident occurred. A fire broke out on Ootobor 8 at Roma in a store belonging to Mr. Johnston in M'Dowall street. In the store was a quantity of kerosine, gunpowder, and ether dangerous goods. Dense smoke was seen issuing from the roof, and then an explosion, probably of gnnpowder, took plaoe, and the building was at once entirely wrapped in flames. There was next to no water available, and it was found impossible to Bavo the premises. AH efforts were, consequently, turned to saving tho adjoining buildings oocupied by Oobb and Co. and Arnold's saddlery shop, and these proved successful. The loss is not expected to exoeed £150. The origin of the fire is unknown. Amongst the miscellaneous cargo to be con veyed to Briahane by train to-morrow (says Friday's Border Test) aro the remains of the deaeaaed Chinamen, known in life as Ah Ton, AhKin.AhGhi.Poe Hang, and Ah Tat, and who, since they, shuffled off this mortal coil, have occupied graves Hob. 66, 115, 120, 150, and 228, respectively, in the Stanthorpe ceme- ' tery. Now they aro called home to trm.hnnnv land ot ConfuciuB, and the work of exhuma tion, soraping, and cleaning the bones has been Roing on duriug tbo past two dsys. Mr. Robertson, oarpeuter, hno provided a nubnian tifll family coffin, or ' strong b.,x,' in which ths remains, parcelled and labolled separately, are to be consigned to their respootivo friends or relations' in the Flowery Land. A somewhat interesting soeno (says the BordtrPost of October 14), occurred at the local railway station on Wednesday morning last, when Mr. Williams, the offioor appointed to collect 'the capitation fee under tho Chinese Immigration Regulation Aot, and his assistant, Mr. Nbrtop, rolled' upon three sons of the Celestial Empire and demanded of them their tickets of the equivalent, juBt as they had snugly onsconsed themselves, in ono of the pas senger carriages. O£ course the wily Mon golians were indignant, and lied to furthor orders. One was it resident of the dietriot, the other Had hia pnse (but couldn't show it), and the other didn't ' savoy' no how. But the offioer, having pood grounds for suspicion, sent for constable King and gavo the trio in custody on tho chargo of attempting to evade the Act. They were marched off to the lockup, but obviated f arthor unpleasant pro ceedings by handing over the required amount of £30, and were accordingly set ut liberty. It appears that Mr. Williams received information on the previous day to the offeot that they wore en route from Tenterfield in a Bpring cart, but when Mr. Norton went out to meet them he found they had left the oart, and its Mongolian driver, on the New South Walea Bide, and pro Ofieded on foot into Queensland, in consequence of whioh they were waited upon at the train as stated. As they after warda confessed, they in tended to evade tho poll tax, having left Vege table Oreek en route to Brisbane on the pre vious Thursday, with' the intention, they say, of proceeding thence to China.. Babcoo1 Pobtry. — An anoient minstrel dropped in upon us [Western Champion) this week, and after ooming to an anchor upon an inverted brandy ousB vhich does duty for our visitor's chair, opened negotiations for tho pub lioation of about two owt. ol poetry. Upon expressing an opinion that we Bhould like to sample some of the pootry prior to completing arrangements,' our' visitor informed us that his manuscripts had been dospatohod by wool teams to a publishing firm in Brisbane ; but that he retained oopieaofthe originals in his memory. Our viaitor then turnod up hia oyea, and let loose upon the oSioo tho full torrent of his pent up minstrolsy, aud deluged tho editor's room with a flood of poetry, against whioh the energetio damB raisod were but a feeblo obstacle. When tho rush of oloquonce oeaaod, we hurriedly udjurod our visitor to depart iu peace with the promiso that if ho sent us hiB manuscript we would find a corner for publioa. tion of a portion of the pootry. The munu script, written on two sidoB of u crnBhed piece of paper, we found upon our'tablo a day or two afterwards and here are some literal transcripts of an ode, entitled Thb Karia Days ok Spmnobuiie. WUen first I went to Spriiigsiu'o town It wa3 a places of (rireat renown The latter end of 63 Business mou io high gleo ..'? ' AudiuJunoK . ? ? Sin-insure thon was nil lilive . , ' For they got somo gooM Races up' ' And run one race for a Silver Cup WUcu ltttls Jinny, was bent by J a boil : SUo was rods Uy tbo juinpor now that in dead. Tho poem goes on to explain how the jumper rode 11 lbs. overweight, and couldn't 'oollar' Olaucus on the post,, the. consequence being that he lost a great deal iu money, and came in ' as pale us a ghost.'' Tho wind up is a eulogy of SpringHUrb as a' habitation of rest, providing tho funds suit, or aa our poet puts it — WlHi plonty of casli you lmvo plenty of ease And work or play just as yon jilcusi). It is not always a bad thing to fall under the strong arm of tho law. Frederick Doblo must be of that opinion now. Ho ran away from his hired sorvico, leaving behind him two weeks and threo days' wages, amounting to £1 17s. 6d. His employer had him arrestod, and the court fined him ono week's wages— 15s.— and ordered the master to pay Doblo tho balance. — ' Town Talk' in The Week. 