THE LOUNGER i NEWCASTLE., BY BOHEMIAN.] Tie mnsic, and tlhe banquet, alnd the wine Tlohe garinlds, tile roso-olours, end tile lowera Tlheo spnrkllug eoyes, andl Ilshin eruelnliont- 'lrc white enes and tlhe ravon lhair-tle. bratds A nd brtcelets, swan-like bosome, and tile neucklnco, An Indi la Itself, yet dnzzllng not The eye Ill:k what it circled; the thin robes iFloating like tllhlt clouds 'twixt our gaze nnd heaven; The maniy-twinklilg feot Ho small and sylph.liko Suggeistlng the more secret symmatry Of the failr forms which termlnuat so well- All tile delusion of tihe dizzy ceuo, Its falae and truo ouchallments-Art and Naturo. 'TWAB thus BYRON wrote of the allure. ments of the ball. But not--not a FANoCY D)nESS BALL, sueh as was given during the past week. BaONx, las sl was not there oven in the spirit. Not a soul of all the brilliant intelloots in this second oily impersonated the great mind who gave us DON JUAN. BOHEMIAN'S ghost was pre sent, but don't be alarmed, fair readers,. I am not going to tell tales "out of school," neither am I going to let the genuine sweethearts know of the manner in whioh some of you flirted with out' siders, when your real intendeds backs were turned. I will leave these, and many other little trifles, slide. ; .To those who' are not aware of the fact, however, I must tell that this ball came off in Mrs. Jones' Assombly Rooms, Darby-street, on Wed. nesday ovening last. There was a goodly muster, some lorty couples having joined in the grand procession when M.O. Edwin JONES gave the signal that all was ready; and the ball generally must be reckoned an unqualified suacess. I regret that I cannot say as much for the cos* tumes worn. The feminine charao. tors, for the most part, wore a combination of gaudy, flaming colours,- red predominating, and appearing in almost every dress. I can scaroely say who should get the palm for the display of the worst taste, and heaven help the poor fellow who lias to soloot a mate for. lfe from their midst. As regards the masouline tastes, the same remarks apply, with equal force. There was just a mixture of soldiers, sailors, and niggers, The most noticeable of the ladies' costumes were o:- The Village Maid," impersonated by a young ladyresidin3 in Counoil.stroot; P."'od Rose," a Blane. street lady; ."Little Butteroup" and Maritana," King.street ladies; "Ballet Girl," Blanc-streot; lady in evening dross from Maitland; " A Reaper," Porhin. street; " Dashing Spanish Brunette," by the donor of the ball, and a "Parisian Waitress" by a Hunterestreet lady. The gentlemen oannot be aooroditod with speoulative or ingonious tastes, as the ohiof dress of the evening must be alotted to that of a Court gentleman, who was represented by the dapper little Hunter' street sporting ohoemist. Those who in any way approached this were " Oaptain Georgo" (Mr. H. W. Harris), "A Cadet" (Mr. J. Small), and the " King's Jester" (Mr T. Simon). The costumes of "Tim Flahorty," "Captain Kelly,"'and the Clown weore very fair, and attracted notice. A number of the " boys about town " wereo present, including the Parlf, Pickles, Paits,2amit, Jose, the would.bo Count of Cooma, Jack, the hero of tho ornosr,eso, &o.; They, of course, partiolpated in very daance, but; chiofly dietinguisherd thomselves in couples " aitor the ball wans o'or." As regards the bolle,' the honor was left an open question, but Ifancy " Villago Maid," or the fine figuro who re. presented "A Roapero,"-although ed Roso, iuttorup, Maritana, and some others would have pushed them elocely had an adjudication taken placeo. Slr DurtAt?n OClAnmoc, in the very questionable droass of a Pirate King (bad tasto for the great farl of Dunbarton), paid his ompli. monte to those present from the porch entrance, and gracefully retired, after uinforming the gueats; that he put in an a.poperaneoo, as a matter of form, to con. vmnoc them that he waI n not too proud to be seeoon in their company alter re.o oeolving his now andl distinguished honors. Tho Awkward Squadi wore not sufll. ot?ently drilled to he in tiny way offootive, although the manlto.oup of Captainill KoIlly was quiteo in eooping with the dignity of thelo position he suttained. F'or thononce, enough. WVhen Mrs. JoNtse-to whom overy oerdit is dui for her hippy fore. thougIt inu organisilng thistl ball-gets up nother, I hopo I will nIoel her anH Roln foa .IAatmra oii, wllon Spattils andl Scotoh oivilitios can ei reooiprltoited and onlioyed. Mr. luny's oexcellent baud. fuinished the noceasnary mnlsio, and gave thlorough ?atisfaollon to all who ' ' Trlci t t rana ortily,-.. Ott the light fantantio too," : 