ENTERTAINMENTS, DRAMATIC, &e.; " Give us a ghost and we will ge and see it" is still the (mattered popalsr sentiment, jn'est to a good, well-planned murder, with plenty of agony piled up, the Saturday night audiences like a ghost. In Hamlet the shadow of the old King who was murdered in so original and scien tific a manDer by the ingenious uncle of the melancholy Prince, seems to secure more sym pathy for the time being than Hamlet himself, although oertainly the latter afterwards redeems his reputation in the eyes of the gallery by taking part in a good wholesale household slaughter. The refined subtleties of Hamlet are disregarded by tbe crowd so long as the san guinary items of the bill are fully developed. There used to be a time when the tragical drama of the " Corsican Brothers" drew good all-round houses* here — perhaps not so much for itB intrinsic merits as a play, hut because of the " wierd and the wonderful" in it. How most people have seen Pepper's patent ghost, and we snap onr fingers at tbe idea of feeling even the smallest thrill when the grisly ghost walks the stage. The lesser [educated of theatre-goers nevertheless still hanker after the haunted castle business, end when the bill is savoured strongly with the supernatural, they do not fail to muster. The "Corsican Brothers" consequently drew a largo honse on Saturday night as far as the gallery, stalls, and pit were concerned, but the dress circle was cold and cheerless iu aspect, hardly a dozen persons being present in it. The drama is too old an acquaintance to need a description of its plot—it is sensational, super natural, and somewhat sentimental in turns. The subtle sympathy existing between the twin brothers Franfihi. even when far distant from each other, is the maioBpring of the plot, and tbedevotlon of one to the other famishes mate rial for seDsational development. A ghost play with a duel in it is just the thing for a Satnrday night andience, and the performance was there fore a success when "The Oorsictn Brothers" lived their two or three hoars on the stage on Jane 25. The super natural visitation took immensely, and was, as a matter of fact, very well done. So was the famous sword-fight between Ohatean Benard and Bonis del Franchi in the Fontaine blean Forest. There was mnch of the rnels dramatic about] the- whole thing, bat taking it altogether the play was enjoyable, and Mr. W. H. Leake as " both the brothers" did his best. The Ohatean Benard of Mr. Vincent was a respectable personation. Miss Kemble was fairly effective as Emile de Lesparre, and the subordinate characters were supported more or less satisfactorily. A moderate amount of fan was manufactured ont of the vendetta existing between the Oolonna and Orlando. When a drama with the suggestively sensa tional title of "The Galley Slave" is promised ns it is apt to conjure np in onr minds visions of Victor SugarsLee Miserables," and the horrors of the galleys, bnt Mr. Bartley Campbell, who has given ns the dramatic creation to which this notice refers, has been kind enoogh not go pile np the agony to each an extent as to prove repnlsive. He does not let ns have more than a glimpse of the galley slaves in their chains, and we do not get any thing equal to the oonviot horrors Marcos Olarke has told ns of in "His Natural Lite" even. We are, as it ware, let down easily, and have, so to speak, a " parlour edition" of the " Galley Slave." We thought Mr. Leake would have revelled In horrors when he came ont as the Galley Slave, on Monday evening, bnt he did not—he pimply acted with very considerable judgment, some rorce, ana not a little etteot, although heavily handicapped by looking too much like a retired Italian organman. There are some T useful characters in the "Galley Slave" with scope for powerful aoting. but there are alio two or three characters from whom the drama may he said to " have no visible means of support." Cicely Blaine, a .wealthy young lady, is in love with Sidney North oatt, a seedy artist, and is in turn beloved by Baron de Bois, who in early days was himself a painter, aud married his model, an Italian" maiden, named Francesca BeminL Now comes the tragical business. The Baron de Bois vows to gain the hand of Cicely by fair means or foul, the trifling circumstance that he has living a wife and child weighing as nothing in the baronial bosom. Fran ceses, who has searched for her reoaloitrant husband, tracks 1dm to the Yenetian palazza, wherein the first act is laid, and, seeing him talking to Cicely, conceives the idea that he is her accepted lover, whereas Cicely has just ban teringly rejected his overtures. Franceses appeals to Cicely, and the latter falls into the error of believing that Fraocesca's story of being married to and deserted by a paiBter applies to Northoott. On this presumption she makes a melodramatic display of herself, and determines to marry the Baron. On the even ing of the wedding Northoott interviews and npbraids Cicely, now the Baroness de Bois, mutual explanations take place an exciting scene ensues, the Baron and his guests rush in; Northoott, to save the lady's reputation, snatches np a jewelled necklace and allows himself to be arrested as a thief. He is Bent to the galleys (or seven yean, thus nobly ■aerificlng himself to save the honour of the woman he loves. In the prison he meeti with Fran oesca, who has been incarcerated for stealing a loaf to save her child from starving. Sne recognises him as her benefactor. Jailers como in, and there ensues a painful scene, in which the child is torn from tho frantic mother, who in her frenzy attacks the officers and incurs a painful punishment, averted, however, by the manly appeal of Northcott. Oioely, haviog recovered from a delirnm, visits North cott in the gaol, and is intruded upon by the enraged Baron, who accuses her of dishonour. Franceses, at a distance, reoogoises the Baron's voice, and rushing in claims him as her husband. One wonld naturally suppose that the villain would be foiled here, and the drama have the usual happy termination, but it is not so. The Baron is discomfited, but subsequently turns np and threatens to claim Oicely as his wife. There is another act, in which the Baron again appears, but is finally demolished by Francesca, who proves her marriage by means of a witness named Wellesley Napier—a sort of third-rate swell—and the Baron de Bois gets off a charge of bigamy cheaply by promis ing to molest Cisely no farther and to give half his property to Francesca, his wife, who very prudently refused to live with sush a scoundrel. So far so good. The situations are strong, but in the plot are mixed up several characters of small weight. There is a rather silly medical student, named Franklin Fitts, who is desper ately enamoured of Psyche Gay (Miss MortyneJ, a friend of Oicely's. There is also a somewhat weak-minded widow Gay, mother of Psyche, who entangles in a ludicrous fashion a queer old Scotchman, named Oliver Oliphant (Mr. Wbyte), whose part is that of a charitable medi ator. Mr. Leake, as Sidney Northcott, played hie part with discretion, but was unsuited to it as far as | personal appearance went, far he hardly conveyed the impression of a romantic young artist, although he managed to get up a due amount of enthusiasm. He was effective in the act where he sacrifices himself to save Cicely, but in the prison scene he hardly answered expectations. Miss Myra Kemble had rather a trying part to play as Cicely, but sustained it creditably. Mr. Douglas made up well, and played the "bad Baron" better than ordinarily. Miss Ellis made a very pretty Franceses, and was suitably dressed. She acted with spirit. The remaining charaotors about up to the average. At Garner's Theatre the Zulu War and pre sents of pianes divide the honours. Wivell's Art Gallery keeps up its reputation, and a new picture of considerable merit has been added to it. The National Gallery has its ten hhudred or so of visitors a day. 