THE ROWING CHAMPIONSHIP HANLAM AWD LAYCOGK FOR £1000. [SI'OUTSMAS, 15TII FEIinUAUY.] Having been tho vietitns of a series of vexa tious delays and disappointments, and compelled to struggle on with their training operations in tho face of terrible weather, the aquatic rivals, Edward Iranian, of Toronto, and Klins C. Lay cool;, of Sydney, New South Wales, wore at length enabled to set at rest the vexed iiucstion ? o£ supremacy yesterday afternoon. So long ago j as tho 30th Xovembor last, the day on which the articles of agreement woro signed, tho pair were anxious to enter into contention— the one to avenge a severe defeat sustained by a comrade, the other to defend the title which public opinion had declared to have been fairly and honestly won, but to need up holding once more cro its possessor left this country. So it was settled that tho mo mentous issue should be fought out on 17th Janu ary, and the oarsmen speedily set about tho work of preparation for the conflict. Wo have re marked that Ilaulan was, as it were, forced into making a match with Lnycock considerably against his will, as ho wished to got back homo at the earliest available, moment. Those who urged him, however, to meet the Australian were in earnest, or they would scarcely have cotiie for- j ward so readily to assist tho Sydney man in making up his stake money. Wo need scarcely remind our readers that Hanlan at first declined to row for a less stake than £1000 aside. There can be no doubt that even that large sum -would have been forthcoming had it been absolutely needed by Lnycock, for ([uito £70(1 was pro mised from Sydney, Melbourne, and Adelaide and nearly £300 was subscribed in England. Eventually Hanlan consented to row for £500 aside, and more than that amount was contri buted in a day or two. Indeed some had to bo returned to tho subscribers, and then there was ample remaining to make up the ex-liushman's stake without his needing to contribute a singio farthing of his own r.ionoy. It will hardly he necessary to trace the careers of the rivals since that period. They both got into excellent condi tion by the day fixe I Cor the match, and then came the trials and tribulations which have so worried and hampered the pair. Rowing was absolutely impossible on 17th January, for tho Thames was literally teeming with huso blocks of ico and snow, so a postponement until tho fol lowing Saturday was rendered nccessnry. On the day named the state 'of affairs was oven worse, and it became compulsory for the princi pals to gravely discuss the question and resolve upon a lengthy adjournment. Finally it was de cided that an attempt should be made upon lJth Kebruary, and tho oarsmen took the earliest opportunity of turning their backs upon Putney, which more resembled a district in Greenland than a suburb of London. Hanlon hied away to Soutliampton, where he was enabled to »et some practice, and Lnycock, accompanied by Tri^kott, journeyed to Southwick, Sussex-, where a stretch of clear water was available It should he observed that for tho engagement of yestorday Lnycock was trained by his fellow-colonist, the ex-champion, whilst Han lan had tho benefit of the services of Wallace Itoss and the veteran Qeorgo Drcwitt. Even during tho last week or two tho scullers suffered much from tho vagaries of the weather. A heavy snowstorm ono day upset all their calculations, and this wns followed by a drenching fall of rain and a aeries of bitter gales, which rendered rowing both difficult and dangerous. Still, tho pair con tinued in capital health, and never relaxed their efforts for a moment. Dcspito all they had un dergone they turned up atthopost yestorday in en viable trim, Hanlan scalinglOst. lO.Ub., and Lay cock 12st.Silb. asthcy shipped info their boats. It was anuounced that tho men wouldbo in their boats and at their respective stations shortly be foro two o'clock, as it was desired that they should take advantage of what little tide would bo available. It wns comforting to notice that as the hour indicated approached the 'flood' was making pretty briskly, despite the vast quantities of land wator still coming from the upper reaches of the river. Two o'clock passed, and there wore no signs of tho men. Five minutes more saw Hanlan's cutter, with George Drewitt in tho bow, making in the direction of the Aqueduct. The celobrated Toronto sculler soon followed, in his Warin-built boat Canada, and using a pair of Ayling's sculls, on account of his Canadian sweeps havingauirered damage, Hearing a white jersey over his customary bluo racing costume. Hanlan sculled gently down to tho umpire's boat, in tho bow of which Mr. John Ireland some time previously had taken his place, and then turning had a few sharp bursts up .river. Still Laycock lingered and the spectators grew most impatient at the delay. Eventually Hie Sydney man came along, accom panied by his cutter, in which Trickott, his pilot, occupied a place. Laycock was seated in a new Jowitt, by namo Tho Australian. Matters now looked business-like, but still more delay had to bo endured. The Shark Islander, who, by tho way, wore that broad-brimmed wido-awnko hat for which ho lias becomo so famous, paddled in very leisurely fashion up to tho Aqueduct, and then meandered about lor some timo as though ho had all tho afternoon in which to enjoy him self. At last ho pulled strongly over to the Surrey shore, and there commenced tho process of .'polling,' Hanlan immediately following suit. Tho Antipodean olected to row in a light pink iersoy, and remarkably well ho look as ho at length drew away from his cutter and enmo out into mid-river. Hanlan presented a no less 'taking' appearance, for his fnco was ruddy witli health, and his muscles stood out promi nently. By this time tho toss for choice of sta tions had taken place, and tho Canadian, with his usual good fortune, wns successful. Thcro really, however, was but little to gain by bavins the pick of positions, for tho winil was not at all boisterous, and was dead aft, whilst the water was in capital condition. Hanlan, who had fitted a windsail to his boat, chose tho Middlesex berth, and quickly rangod up to his stake-boat. Theso wero moored rather higher np tbo river than is customarily the caso, being spposito tho top of tho Star and Garter. Laycock was speedily at his station, but ho preferred to havo n short spin on his own account ore commencing hostilities. At length ho carao back steadily, and nil was then ready for tho raco. On tho umpire's boiit, on leavin' London bridgo, 3 to 1 wns laid on Hanlan to £-10. Then tho odds roso to 7 to 2 on, and on renehing Put ney i to 1 was laid to about £100. JuBt boforo tho men made their appearance 6 to 1 wns laid, and finally I to 1 was taken freely, most of tho money being invested at this price. At twenty. I one minutes pxst two precisely, and at the first ' attempt, tho rivals went away for tho raco. The pair started very evenly, Layeock going off with .1 stroke of 39 to the minute, and Hanlan sculling at 38. Tho Toronto oarsman pulling with re mnrkablo vigor soon secured a slight lead, which ho increased as they passed Duke's Head to about half a length. At tho top of the boathouscs, going very strongly. Hnnlan had left tho I Australian fully a length behind ns they passed tho Crook— time, 1 min. 18 soo.— and us he notv relaxed his oxortions'a littlo ho did not gain j much upon his opponent until half-way nlon' tho Concreto Wall, when, so far as could be iiulged from tbo Press boat, which liad 'dropped some what into tho roar, ho was leading by about two lengths. Ho was at this timo going easily and looking round at the spectators in a thoroughly unconcerned mannor. At this point ho suddenly slowed down, and seemed very nervous about his courso, and by tho time the top of the Wall ! was reached ho was rowing but KO to tlio minute. Layeock in tho meantime find been exerting him self to the utmost, and j'pparcntly punishing himself terribly. His stroke wns very short, and he did not seem to dip his sculls well into thn water at the commencement, or to pull them well through. At this point Uanlan pniled out from the shore into mid- river, and rowed nearly right ahead of Laycock, treating him to his wash. The pair now both began making tbo shoot for the Surrey shore, Hanlan taking a splendidly-judged courso across, whilo Tnckett also steered Laycock most judi ciously. At tho Gras3 Wharf Laycock was doing all ho know to got his boat through tho water, dashing in his sculls with a short, jerky stroko of 37\. Hanlan, in tho meanwhile, was taking matters as easily as possible, and maintained his lead with no apparent effort. Whenever the An tipodean mado a spurt Hanlan shot in six or seven tolling strokes, and gained any lost ground again, immediately slowing down once more to his long steady stroko. They passed the mile point in the following times :— Hanlan, 1 min. 48 soc; Laycock, I min. 59 sec. At this point of the journey tho continuous exertions mado by the Australian seemed to begin to toll upon him, and he stillstruck short and ' jerk}1,' and showed no improvement in his form. On the other hand, tho Canadian sculler was looking about him, at tho people on the banks, and sculling leisurely along at fully three lengths nnd n half ahead. Is'either of the oarsmen seemed to care to get far over to the Surrey side, Hanlan espe cially, apparently preferring mid-stream, whilo Laycock did not got moro than seven yards Surrey wards from tho line out out by the Cliun pion. As they approached tho Crab Tree the Canadian still maintained tho same lead, and looked about him as coolly as ever, while Lay cock, in 'recorerin'',' caught the water once or twico witl( his blades, which considerably retarded bis progress. At tho Crab Treo (time Hanlan 0 min. 12 sec, Lnycock 6 min. 20. sec), the Toronto man had a good three lengths' laid in his favor. At this part of tho river the banks were simply lined with spectators, every prominent point being literally alive with people who had come together to Ret a view of the struggle at o critical stage. Tho visitors cheered tie men lustily. Thisseemedtogiveaspur to Laycock, who dashed in hw sculls freely and mado a bold effort to recover )ljs lost ^rmi?uj. TTnnJnn )i/M!'-tMi. ««*? to bo taken unawares, responded immediately, and 'lying down' to his work for some dozen strokes he shot ahead again at once, and held his opponent until the Australian's spurt had died away. In response to a cheer from tho crowd assembled on the Soap Works-bridfe Hanlan. ducked his head and laughed, but Laycock was apparently too intent upon the business in hand to take any notice. The Soap Works wore passed by the leader in 7 min. 39 sec, nnd by his op ponent in 7 min. 48 sec. After passing tho Soap Works, Laycock steered rather too closely into tho Surrey side, which necessitated his making a rather wide detour to go through 'the centre arch of Hammersmitb-bridge, as specified in the articles. Tho bridgo itself presented a somewhat curious spectacle, as it had been entirely cleared of people, this being tho first occasion such a stop has been taken except on tho anniversary of the Oxford nnd Cambridge University Match. Tho sides of the structure, however, and the towing-path for somo distanco wero literally packed with sightseers, who kept up a con stant round of cheering. At this stago of tho race it was quite apparent that Lay:ock was rapidly tiring, and when somo 150 yarn's below Hammersmith-bridge Hanlan must bare led by fully four lengths. As the pair neared the bridge the enthusiastic and hearty cheorin; of the people once again seemed to put new lit; into the Australian, who spurted with terrific vigor, and by this means managed to shorten his opponent's lead to two lengths and a half, but the effort soon died away again, and it was but too patent that tbo champion .could do pretty veil as he liked. Tho time to Hammorsmith- bricgo was— Hanlan, 9 min. 19 see.; Laycock, 9 min. 2Ssec. Off the Doves Hanlan stopped rowing altogether, looked round, and wont on again, il'life was tho nearest approach to the antics ho performed on a former occasion observable throughout the race. Ho ;did ;not stop to mop his boat out, or to lie down in bis craft, but simply contented himself with row:ng away as soon ns Laycock endeavored to get. on to- us with him, and then slovinndown to an ea- y s cing. Tlio plucky Australian, though ho natuinll.- ilagged now and again, kept pegging away with surprising energy, and never onco failed to respond to the signals of his pilot in the cutter. About tho top of Corney Reath it could bp seen that tho ti le was exceptionally slug gish, and here tho labors of tho Australian Her cules began to tell considerably upon him. The banks of tho stream at tho Point were thickly crowded with sjwetators, and tho riva- with small craft. Tho greatest excitement prsvailod, and thoro wero many cheers and oncouriging shouts raised for the Antipodean sculler. At this stage of tho raco tho result appaired such -t certainty that an offer of 100 to 2 agiinst Laycock was mado upon ono of tho stcaners without finding an acceptor. Just off tkfr well-known timber pile, tho scene of tlio lilaekman and Itiloy collapse, Laycock had contrived to draw up very considerably, but it wns cloariy evident that it was insufficient to do him any good, as Hanlan onco again dashing in his sculls placed a couple of lengths of clear water botweou tho boats, and was then again busy with his pleasant task of acknowledging the cheers and salutes of tho onlookers. In this order the rajo progressed. At Cliiswick Church — time, Hanlan, 14 min. 54 sec. ; Laycock, 15 min. 4 see.— the Toronto scullor led by thrco lengths, and was going easily, while the Australian was keeping up his old slogging paco.of 30. Just off Thoracycroft's Works Hanlan gave what was pnrbaiis tbo best example of his stylo of rowing that ho had given at any period throughout the raco. Ho wns only striking about 30 to the minute, but bo was using his slide to the fullest oxtont, and it was ex ceedingly pretty to seo how neatly ho bandied his seulls and dragged them through tho water, and the amount of speed ho got on his boat with apparently little offort. Off tho Waterworks tho wind, which wns blowing nearly, ahead of tho men, caught Hanlan's wind sail and slowed, him out into tlio rivor. Howovor, ho koptonquito undaunted, whilo Trickott certainly mndo ami* tako in keoping Laycock bugging tho shore so long. From this point it wns patent that no further spurt was to bo looked for at tho hands of tho Sydney scullor. Ho had boon rowing a won derfully gatno raco, but it was evident' that ho was no possible match for Hunlnn's great speed, and ns the ' procession ' wended its way through Uarnes the Toronto man got moro and more to tho fore, eventually landing a winner by four lengths. Tho time to Jiitrnes-bridgo was— Hnn- lan, 21 min. 13 boc. ; Laycock, 21 min. 24 see. ; and for tho full courso— Hnnlan, 25 min. 41 see.; Layccck, 25 min. 50A sec. Both men wero vociferously cliccrc.1 nt'tlio ond of tho race. Pcoplo who havo been keenly watching tho courso of events in the acquatic world for years past must havo boon very considerably puzzlod by tho extremely curious' turn matters have taken from timo to timo with regard to tho raco of yesterday. At ono period it seemed to bo almost universally supposed that Laycock would mako a bold fight with his Canadian rival, and thoro wero not wanting partisans to assert that tho acknowledged ' staying ' powers of the An tipodean woro likely to enable him to wear down tlio Torontonian, who has boon supposed to re nuiro a rest at some part of tho journey. Since the adjournment resolved upon on 22nd January, however, on which occasion, it will bo remem bered, nil wngors were 'off' on account of tho postponementoxtendingovera Sunday, there havo been found fow willing to support the Sydney scullerfor any amount of money. Indeed, somo of, his most ardent supporters woro the most clamorous in demanding ruinous odds, nnd they asked for prices which led persons to observe that they must feel their man possessed scarcely tho ghost of a chance. Still, all the whilo it was declared that Laycock was in the best of health, and wns rowing oven better than ho did when ho dofeated lilaekman, Hosmorand Kiley. Thero can bo no question about tho fact that- the ex l|ushman showed up in his best style yesterday. When ho got to tho post ho seemed to bo trained to the minute, and he started leisurely, it is true, as is always his wont, but with a power and de termination which seemed to indicate that ho in tended stubbornly contesting tho battle to tho bitter ond. For a mile, or perhaps rather more, he mado excellent time, und that on a lido which could not be described ns of the best. He was smart at his work, but there was an enormous difference between his execution and that of his rival. Laycock does not catch' tbo water so readily as Mb lato anta gonist, his scull blades appoared to drop into the water when almost level with his rowlocks, and thereby it is patont ho must lose much. Again ho seemed to hang rather boforo recovering. Ho must be awarded tho highest credit for the dash and vigor with which ho rushes his scuHs through tho water, and for the rapidity with which, when ho has onco started, lie settles down to work again. In short, speaking generally, lie rowed a most plucky and determined race yesterday, and his courage was as much to be admired as was the patriotic feeling which prompted him to make an effort under discouraging circumstances to avenge tho defeat of a comrade, and to uphold the honor and renown of tho colony whence lie hails. So far as Hanlan is concerned wo do not desire to say much. His praises havo been sounded in tho Sportsman times and oft. and wo can add no moro than that our opinion is un altered, viz., that ho is the most accomplished sculler the present ago has seen. Ho began rather awkwardly yesterday, for the simple reason that ho broko his best sculls on Friday and had to row with a pair which scarcely suited him. When lie onco settled down quietly to work, however, thero was observable all that splendid finish and skill for which ho has becomo so deservedly famous, and which en abled him to snatch an easy victory from a determined and, up to that time, exceedingly fortunate antagonist. The race was a gallant ono from beginning to end, and fittingly wound up an aquatic season the like of which has not boon known in England for many years, and which may not bo equalled for a long timo to come. 