Forms with Ghostly Faces. TALKING WITH MYSTERIOUS APPARITIONS. ' (FSOM THU "NEW YOEE TBIBTJNB" JTTNE 29.) IN tho parlour of a pleasant house in ono of the Bab urban towns on Long Island assembled one even- ing recently a small party invited to witness certain mysterious" phenomena, called spirit manifesta \- tiona by those who believe in the close connection of tho present and the futuro life. The host was a prosperous New York business man, whose household consists, besidos himself, of only his wife and two servants. The visitors were an ex colonel from tho West, a New England manu- facturer, and a newspaper man, all solid-looking persona of more than average avoirdupois and -with no appearance of being liable lo fall victims to delusion. Tho " medium" was a middle-aged woman from Boston, tall, slender, and delicate, having a highly sensitive nervous temperament, and Jow vital powers. Her husband, an elderly man, was also present, the couple being guests . and friends of the family. Among th« spiritual- ists the " manifestations" of this " medium" aro ranked as the most perfeot of tho kind known. A good deal has been published about them -in the journals of the sect, but the family in whose house the ruediutn< is new a guest, naturally ob- ject to newBpaperaiotoriety, and their name and residence are therefore not given hero. . . The house is a spacious villa, standing in the midst of handsome well-kept grounds. On the xnàin floor there aro two parlours, separated from the library and dining-room by a wide hall. All the rooms Averè lighted during the seance except the front parlour], which was separated from the hack parlour by heavy curtains. Tho door leading \- from this darkened room into tho lighted hall was locked and the shutters of the windows were secured. At 8 o'clock the medium came down from her room and lay upon a lounge in the dark parlour. Several Bhawls were placed upon her by tho lady of tho house although the evening was warm. The six spectators took seats in a semi-circle about 12 feet from the curtained door. First, the Lord'» prayer was said by thé hostess and a hymn was sung. Then a large music-box was wound and set agoin g. After about 10 minu tea the curtains wero drawn aside and there walked out a beautiful girl dressed in white with a long lace veil thrown around her head and over her bare arms. She was greeted iv the mst affection ate language by the host and his wife aa their daughter Lizzie who died about three years ago. Tho face had a curious indistinctness, and the eyes could hardly be seen at all, but the hands figure advanced with a firm step, its little white shod feet peeping, out now and then from under the. long white robe. Nothing more beautiful and charming than the appearance of tho girl as she glided across Hhe room cou d bo imagined. Her drapery diffused a delightful perfume, her long veil waa managed with perfect grace, now thrown half across tho face, now stretched out across the shoulders and over the arms, and now held aloft with one hand. The figure first stooped to notice some flowers on the console table, then stepped around one side of the semi-circle of sitters and pointed to a painting of herself which stood upon an easel and returned behind the curtain. Emerging again she came forward and threw her Veil over her father's head, then passed around "the rear of tho chairs and touched each of the visitors on the head. . Her hand was warm and of a velvety softness. As she stood! under the chan- delier, where a singlo shaded "Tight burned, tho reporter stared hard at her face, but it still had a ghostly, indistinct appearance. The apparition went out into the hall, entered the dining-room, returned and again disappeared bohind the our toins. Twice she held one curtain far asido BO that the company could plainly see the medium lying on tho lounge enveloped in her multi- tudinous wrappings. A third time the girl appeared. She beckoned her mother to come to the curtain. A whispered conversation was carried on between the two which the others could not hear. To the host and wife this waa evidently as much their daughter as though she, were still alive. She came at all the sittings they Baid. Their affectionate delight at seeing her could not have been feigned. In the course of the next hour and a half eight other figures came out of the curtained door. Two were recog- nised by the Western colonel, one by the New England gentleman, and two by the reporter. The remaining three were strangers to all the company. All were women but one. The figures varied considerably in height, size, gait, and manner; and the garments, though invariably white, wore of different form and Btyle. AU the faces, tbough plain enough for recognition, had a curious, impalpable, ghostly look, and in most cases tho eyes were closed. One of the most definite countenances was that of a relative of the reporter, a woman of Btrong features and strong character, who died at the ago of 70. She came out to whore he sat, took him by the hand, fceokoned him to come to the curtain, whispered two words in his ear in a strange, gasping voice, gave him her cheek to kiss as she used to do in lifo, and lowered the curtain. The male apaarition appeared to be a young Philadelphia journalist who died a year ago. He showed groat dolight at seeing his old friend, tho reporter, grasped his hand, and patted him on tho cheek, but after a vain effort to Bp oak at tho opening of tho curtain, disappeared. A des- cription of the ghostly visitants of tho other members of the circle might be monotonous. They were all white-robed women, some young, some middle-aged. They nodded, waved their arms, olasped their hands as if in prayer, and extended thom as in a benediction. The colonel lcnolt at the feet of an apparition whom ho called Katie, and Bho put her hands on his head and when ho rose kissed his forehead. Tho Now England man was groatly moved by one of Lia ghostly friends ; he, too, knelt. Afterwards, ho followed her to tho curtain, and holding it a little aside whisporod for a littlo while to tho form -within. Nearly every ono of tho apparitions wero ^aroful in coming out or in, returning to hold th« futoina so ns to chow the recumbent form of tho substantial enough, and the mediara on tho lounge. The reporter, though greatly interested in the whole performance, was naturally most closely observant of the forms which claimed his acquaintance. Ono of them, and perhaps the most distinct and beautiful of all the apparitions, was a girl with light brown hair und a singularly sweet and dignified face. The skirt of her white dress was ornamented with golden bara and discs. In her hand she held a lace veil, apparently no longer than a pocket handkerchief. She stood before the curtain and began to manipulate the veil. See, ßhe is weaving lace," exclaimed the lady of the house. The veil grow longer and longer until it was about five feet square. A silver band ornamented the bor- der. The girl came forward into the room and beckoned the reporter to advance and kneel be- fore her. He dropped on one knee, looked long and steadily at her face, but could not recognize it. She put both hands upon his head. " Who are you?" he asked, but got no reply. " Have I ever seen you before ?" A shake of the hoad gave a negative answer. Taking the veil from her arm the apparition threw it over the questioner's head -so that it entirely enveloped him. Then Bhe clasped her hands aa if in prayer, and again placed them on his head. She removed tho veil, and he roso and took her hand,-a small, soft, white hand. Her bare arms were very white and beautifully formed. Her face, although tho fea- tures were definite, did not have a life-like ex- pression, and tho large eyes were too nearly closed for their colour to ba distinguished. Her, garments were of a wonderfully fine texture and gave out an exquisite perfume. As she retired to the curtain the reporter followed her, begging her to tell her name. She stood for about a .minute, holding the curtain one side and partly concealed by it and aliowing one hand to rest in i his grasp. Then she whispered " Your guardian," I and, after an.affectionate salutation^ withdrew her hand and vanished. The last figure which appearod, also that of a young woman, did not como outside the curtain. Someone said " The power is almost exhausted." The circle waited 10 minutes, but nothing more came. A moaning sound summoned the lady to tho assistance of tho medium, who was found under her wrappings on the lounge. It was, perhaps, a quarter of an hour beforo ehe fully came out of her trance. Meanwhile, the visitors went into the dining-room and talked over the phenomena to satisfy themseelves they hnd all witnessed the same things, so tha.t no one might think he had been the victim of a delusion not shared by the others. Two of the. visitors re- turned to the city, the other remained, over night. As he sat in his room, lulled by the lapping of the waves against the seawall that bordered the lawn and the sighing of the night wind in tho trees, tho whole experience seemed like a s ti ango and beau- tiful phantasmagoria of perfumed robes, white arms, waving veils, and graceful gliding forms. Recalling by an effort all the detaiisof the strange performance, he said to himself, " This can be accounted for in ono of three ways only.: first, it may have been a gross deception-a masquerade pf living people dressed up to represont ghosts. This explanation is hardly tenable, though. The character and respectability of the family are against it. Then, where could they employ nine persons to represent spirits and how did they all get into the darkened room ? Besides, there was something unsubstantial about all the forms. They did not look like so many living people decked out in gowns and white voils. A second explanation is that tho spectators wero in some way mesmerized and thought they saw what they did not see. The history of mesmerism, delusions, unconscious cerebration, trance, and similar phe- nomena does not, however, furnish any example of three healthy, robust men sitting for two hours in the apparent full possession of their senses and fancying they Bee and speak with a series of ghostly forms, whereas in fact they seo nothing. The third explanation ia that the forms were what they professed to bo-the apparitions of men and women whose spirits have lef ¿the earth." Tho Meat, Storage, and Agency Corporation is announced, with a capital of ¿6500,000, in 100,000 shares of £5 each, to form an alliance ot farmers and consumers, and to establish, a system ot transport, storage, refrigeration, distribution, sale of meat, &c.; Persistent rumours have been lately current that the Pope, m consequence of the outrageous conduct of the radical mob on the 13th July last, on the occasion of tho removal of the remains of Pina IX. to San Lorenzo, and the recent radical meeting held in Rome, protesting against tho (Papal Lair of Guarantees, contemplates leaving Rome and taking up his residence in some other plfi.ee in Europe. These reports are unconfirmed, although there is no doubt that increasing tension exists between the Vatican and the Italian Government. A couple of wooka ago Cornelius do Boer, a Vol enflata fisherman, was fishing for anchovies in tho Ziiyder Zoe. On drawing innis nets he found in them a largo stony mass covered with musgals. Had it been night-time ho would have certainly thrown it overboard again. On inspection ho found the mass was mainly an aggregate of little heaps of coins, which examination proved to bo mostly silver pieces, 450 in number. Ï hoy were chiefly ducatoons ; there wero also a few Spanish and other gold pieces. They were all dated between 1GG0 and 1680. There were also in the petrified mass soma small plates, some of them whole, aomo broken. 