$o\>0’ Column. MAX BANDER’S WILD TIGEB. BY MATTHEW WHITE, .TUN. I didn't like that little French village. Thnd and X were at our wit's end to find some way to amuse ourselves. Tlicro wasn’t nny river to row on, nor nny hills to climb, and not a singlo person we could tnlk to out of the family. Then you sort of felt ns if you were a lunatic in nn asylum; for instead of fences, every house had a high stono wall around it; that is, every house except the ono where we boarded, which was surrounded by nn iron railing,, with the bars just far enough npnrt to mnko it look like a cnge in a menngerie. At loast this is what Thnd snid it reminded him of, and sometimes I used to see him tenring up and down behind it, playing ho was nn African lion. _ I didn’t tell him it was silly, becauso once in a while I turned pantliet my self. It was an awfully poky town. About three times every day Thnd and I used to beg father to go somewhere else, but he always snid, 11 Have patience, boys.” I wonder if anybody ever counted the number of times fathers and mothers say, “ Havo patience?” If it’s as tiresome to sny as it is to listen to, I feel sorry for them. Well, one morning when they both were out driving, and the landlady had gone to market, and there was nobody at home but the French cook nnd us boys, I was that sorry for Thnd, not'ttf mention how awfully dull I was myself, that I felt I must do something. So I called Thnd down-stairs, nnd told him I’d invent a now play for him. We can use ttio fenca just the same for a cage, ” I explained, “ and you're to bo a tiger n keeper’s trying to tame. I'll bo the keeper, nnd at first you must snap at mo through the bars; but I’ll look you straight in the eye all the time (that’s the way. keepers do), and then nil of a sudden I'll open the door, rush into the cnge, nnd you’ll bo tamed.” Thad said that would bo fun, nnd then I got father’s cane, nnd wo both went out into the front yard. Hardly anybody ever walked on the street, so I wasn’t afraid of being in terrupted. I went outside, shutting the gate behind me, nnd Thad having curled himself up close to the railing, pretending to be asleep, I began operations by poking him with my stick. At first ho only gave a low growl. (I wasn’t sure whether tigers growled or howled, but I told him a growl would do) ; but when the cane slipped and tickled him under the arm, he jumped up, nnd neither growled nor howled, but screamed, until I was obliged to remind him that he wasn’t a wikhcat. “ But tickling’s not fnir,” ho cried, still squirming a little. " All right,” I answered, begining my ta ming operations, and keeping my eye on him in n way that I think really began to frighten Then ho started racing up and down in side the fence, I after him on the outside, un til we were both quito out of breath, nnd then he stood still, nnd snapped at mo between the Wo wero right by tlio gate, and while ho had his head out, pretending to gnaw my stick, I suddenly let go of it, nnd slipping through the gateway, rushed up behind him before you could sny "Jackltobinson.” " Now 'you must turn around, nnd we’ll look at each other for a minute, and then you'll give in," I cried, making believo crowd into n corner of the cage. “ But I can’t turn round,” exclaimed Thnd. " I can’t get my head out,” “ Why, liqw did you get it in, then ?” I replied, stepping up to oxamino into matters. " Twist it the other way." Thnd thereupon obediently gave a fresh tug, but all in vain ; his head remained stuck between the bars like a cow’s in the patent stalls.-. I was Beared then, and never thinking about tigers, took him by the nock, and tried my best to get him free; but I couldn’t. Then ho set up a vory unbeastliko yell, which brought the French cook out of the house, with a bunch of garlio in her hand. When she Baw what had happened,- she screamed louder thnn Thad. The noise they both made together wos something frightful, while I ran first one side of the fence, then the other, wondering dismally if we’d have to live in that town always bccauso Thnd couldn't get his head out. ■ If we’d had any neighbors except a deaf old man, a woman who never left her bed, nnd two young men who went to work three miles away, I suppose we'd soon have had a crowd around us, but as it was, nobody appeared but a little girl with a hunk of bread, the sight of which caused Thad to stop hollowing, and declare that we must bring him something to When I had opened and shut my mouth soveral times, pointing my finger down it and then at Thad, the cook comprehended. what was wanted, nnd rushing outsido of the fonce, put that bunch of garlic right under my brother’s nose. ” Pah 1” ho exclaimed, and wrenched his head back so suddenly that I half expected to see both his cars diop off. “ Oh, dear," I groaned, “ if ho can’t free himself with bucIi a jerk as that wo can never got him out at all.” Then recollecting that Thad hated tho smell of garlio aq .much as I did, nnd scoihg that the cook was still trying to feed him with it, I motioned sternly towards tho house, and ordered her to ” dopartoz," which wasn’t hard to say, ns you just take an English word and put a little French end to it. She understood me at once, and seemed to feol quite insulted, for bIio walkod straight back to tlio kitchen, slamming tho gato after The noxt minute somebody slapped mo on tho shoulder, and turning, I jumped as if I had soon a ghost, for it was Thad, and I was at least fivo feet from tho fenco. You seo, whon tho gato was open the spaco between tlioso tw'o particular bars was a littlo smaller than wlion it was shut. • Thad and I might have remained in that pioklo for any length of timo, ho soroaming at tho top of his voico, and I dancing around him in agony. Who knows how long it would havo taken us to find out tlint all wo had to do was to shut tho gate, if that woman hadn’t got mad nnd given it suoh an awful Blam ?—Harper's Young People. 