NEW UNCOMMERCIAL SAMPLES. By Charles Dickens. A LITTLE DINNER Of-AN HOUR. It fell out on a day'in this last autumn tbat I bad to go down from London to a plec? - of sea-side resort, on xn boar's 'bkteiness, accompanied by my esteemed friend Bullfinch. Let the place of seaside resort for the nonce be called Namelesston. I had been loitering about Paris in very bot weather, pleasantly breakfasting in the open air in the.garden of the Palais Royal or the 'Tiiiiicries, pleasantlj* dining in f the " open air in the Elysian Fields, pleasantly taking iny cigar and lemonade in the. s open air on the Italian Boulevard iowarfe the small hours, after midnight. Hull*inch—an excellent inan of business— had summoned me back across the channel, to transact this sad hour's business at Namelesston, and thus it fell out that Bullfinch an4 I were in a railway carriage together on our way to Namelesston, each with hie return ticket in his waistcoat : pocket. Says Bullfinch, " I have a proposal to make. Let us dine at the Temeraire." I asked Bullfinch did he recommend the Tenieraire ? Inasmuch as I had not been rated on the books of the Temeraire for many years. • Bullfinch declined to accept the responsibility of recommending the Temeraire, but on the whole was rather sanguine about it. He " seemed to remember," Bullfinch said,that he had dined well there. A plain dinner, but good. Certainly not like a "Parisian dinner (here Bullfinch obviously became the prey of waDt of confidence), but of its kind very fair. I appealed to Bullfinch's intimate knowledge of ray wants and ways, to decide whether I was usually ready to be pleased •with any dinner, or—for the matter of {hat—with anything, that was fair of its kind, and realty what it claimed to be. Bullfinch doing me the honor to respond in, the affirmative, I agreed to ship myself ad an Able Trencherman on board the Temeraire. "No,our plan shall be this, 1 ' says Bullfinch, with his forefinger at his nose. '' As soon as we get to Namelesston, we'll drive straight to the Temeraire, and order a little dinner in an hour. And as we shall not have more than enough time in which to dispose "of it comfortably, what do you say to giving (the house the best opportunities'of ^serving it hot and quickly, by dining in the coffee-room ?" What I had to say was, Certainly. Bullfinch .(who is by nature of a hopeful con stifution) then ; began to babble of green geese. But 1 checked him in that Fatetaffian vein, urging considerations of time and cookery. In due sequence of events, we drove up to the Temeraire and alighted. A youth in livery received us on the doorstep. " Looks well," said Bullfinch,confidentially. And then aloud, " Coffee-room !" The youth in livery (now perceived to be mouldy) conducted us to the desired haven, and was enjoined by Bullfinch to send the waiter at once, as we wished to order a little dinner in an hour. Then Bullfinch and I waited for the waiter until, the waiter continuing to wait in some unknown and invisible sphere of action, vre rang for the waiter, which ring produced the waiter, who announced himself as not the waiter who ought to wait upon us, and who didn't wait a moment longer. So Bullfinch approached the coffeeroom door, and melodiously pitching liis voice into a bar where two young ladies were keeping the books of the Temeraire, apologetically explained that we wished to order a little dinner in an hour, and that we were debarred from the execution of our inoffensive purpose by consignment to solitude. Hereupon one of the young ladies rang a bell, which reproduced—at the bar this time—the waiter who was not the waiter who ought to wait upon us; that extraordinary man whose life seemed consumed in waiting upon people to say that he wouldn't wait upon them, ; repeated his former protest with great' indignation, and retired. Bullfinch, with a fallen countenance, was about to say to me," this won't do," when the waiter who ought to wait upon us, left off keeping us waiting at last. " Waiter," said Bullfinch, piteously, " we have been a long time waiting." The waiter whooughf to wait upon us laid the blame upon the waiter who ought not to wait upon us, and said it was all that waiter's fault. " We. •yisb," . said Bullfinch, much depressed, to order a little dinner in an houiv -'What c&n; we hatfe?'' What would you like to have, gentlemen ? " Bullfinch, with extreme moumfulness of speech and action, and with a forlorn old flyblown bill of fare in his hand which the waiter had given him, and which was a sort of general manuscript Index to any Cookery Book you please, moved the previous question. We could have mock-turtle soup, a sole, curry, and roast duek. Agreed. At this table by this window. Punctually in an hour. I had been feigning to look out of the window; but I had been taking note o the crumbs on all the tables, the dirty tablecloths, the stuffy, soupy, airless atmosphere, the stale leavings everywhere 1 about, the deep gloom of the waiter who ought to, wait upon us, and the stomach-ache with which a lonely, traveller at a distant table in a corner was too evidently afflicted. I now pointed . out to Bullfinch the alarming ciicuuistance that this traveller had dined- We huiriedly debated whether, without infringement of good breeding, we could ask him to disclose if he had partaken of mock-turtle, sole, curry, or roast duck ? We decided that the thing could not be politely done, and they must stand the hazard of the die. I hold phrenology, within certain limits, to be true ; I am much of the same mind as to the subtler expressions of the hand ; I hold physiognomy to be infallible; though all these sciences demand rare qualifies in the student. But I also hold that there is no more certain index to personaL character than, the condition, of, a- set bf. Rasters ^ is to the. character of anv| hotel. • Knowing and having often' testedtbis theory of mine, Bullfinch resigned himself to the worst, when, laying aside any remaining veil of disguise, I held up before him in succession, the cloudy oil and furry vinegar, the clogged cayenne, the dirty salt, the obscene dregs of soy, andlhto anchovy eauce in a flannel waistcqafedf d^comjoration. r We went out to transact our business. So inspiriting was the relief, of passing into the clean and windy streets ot Namelesston from'the heavy and vapid closeness of the coffee-room of the Temeraire, that hope began to revive within uk Webeganto consider that perhaps the lonely traveller had taken physic, or done something injudicious to bring his complaint on. Bullfinch remarked that, bertjiqugbt the waiter who ought to "have' waited upon "Us had brightened a little when suggesting curry; and although I knew him to have been' at that moment the express image of despair, I allowed myself to become elevated in spirits. As we walked by the softly Japping sea, airtlie notabilities of Namelesston, who are for ever going up and down with the chaugelessness of the tides, passed to and fro in procession. Pretty gills on horseback, and with detested riding-masters; pretty girls on foot; mature ladies in hats—spectacled, strong minded, and glaring ai the «pporito or weaker sex. The Stock Exchange was strongly represented, Jerusalem was strongly represented, the bores of the prosier London clubs were strongly represented. Fortune hunters of all denominations were there, from hirsute insolvency fin a curricle, to closely bultoned-up swindlery in -doubtful' boots, on tbe sharp lookout for any likely youug gentleman, disposed to play -a game at billiards round "the corner. Masters of languages, their lessons finished for tiie day, were going to their homes out of sight of the sea ; mistresses of accomplishments, carrying small portfolios, likewise tripping homeward ; pairs of scholastic pupils, two and two, went languidly along the lieach, surveying Ihe face of the waters, as if waiting for some ark to take them off. Spectres of the George the Fourth days' flitted unsteadily among: the 'crowd, hearing the outward semblance? pf ancient dandies, of".every one of whom it might be said, not that lie had one leg in the grave, or both legs, but that he was steepei in graty to the summit of his high shiit-coiiar, and had nothing real about him but his hones. Alone stationary in the mid^t of all the movement, the Namelesston boatman leaned against the railings and yawned, and looked out to sea, or looked at the moored fishing-boats and at nothing. tSurh is the unchanging manner of life with this nursery of our hardy seamen, and very dry nurses they are, and always wanting something to drink. The only two nautical personages detached from the railing were the two fortunate possessors of the celebrated monstrous unknown- burking fish, just caught (frequently ]ust caught off. Namelesston), who earned him about in a hamper, and pressed the scientific to iook in at the lid. The sands of the hour had all run out when we got back to the Temeraire. Says Bullfinch then to the youth in livery, with boldness: " Lavatory!" When we arrived at the family fault with a skylight, which the youth in livery presented as the institution sought, we had already whisked off our cravats and coats; but finding ourselves in the presence of an evil smell, and no linen but two crumpled towels newly damp from the countenances of two somebody elses, we put on our cravats and coats again, and tied unwashed to the coffee-room. There, the waiter who ought to wait upon us had set forth our knives and forks and glasses on the cloth, whose dirty acquaintance wo had already bad tbe pleasure of making, and whom we were pleased to recognize by the familiar expression of its stains. And now there occurred the truly surprising phenomenon that the waiter who ought not to wail upon us, swooped down upon us, clutched our loaf of bread, and vanished with the same. Bullfinch, with distracted eyes, was following this unaccountable figure " out at the portal," like the Ghost in Hamletj when the waiter who ought to wait upon UB, jostled against it, carrying a tureen. " Waiter ?" said a severe diner, lately finished, perusing his bill fiercely through his eye-glass. The waiter put down our tureen on a remote side table, and went to see what was amiss in this new direction. "This is not right, you know, waiter. Look here. Here's yesterday's sherry, one and eiglitpence, and here we are again, two shillings. And what does sixpence mean?" So far from knowing what sixpence meant, the waiter protested that lie didn't know what anything meant. He wiped the perspiration from hi6 clammy brow, and said it was impossible to do it—not particularising what—and the kitchen was so far off. " Take the bill to the bar, and get it altered," said Mr. Indignation Cocker—so to call him. The waiter took it, looked intensely at it, didn't seem to like the idea of taking it to the bar, and submitted a6 a new light upon the case, tli&t; perhaps sixpence meant sixpence. " I tell you again," said Mr. Indignation Cocker, " here's yesterday's sherry— can't you see it?—one and eightpeuce, and here we are again, two shillings. What do you make of one and eiglitpence and two shillings?" Totally unable to make anything of one and eightpence and two shillings, the waiter went out to try if anybody else could ; merely casting a helpless backward glance at Bullfinch, in acknowledgment of his pathetic entreaties for our soup tureen. After a pause, during which Mr. Indignation Cocker read a newspaper, and coughed defiant coughs, Bullfinch roso to get the tureen, when the waiter reappeared and brought it, dropping Mr. Indignation Cocker's altered bill on Mr. Indignation Cocker's table as he came along. 4 1 It's quite impossible to do it, gentlemen," murmured the waiter ; and the kitchen is so far off." " Well. You don't keep the house ; it's not your fault, we suppose. Iking .some sherry." " Waiter!" from Mr. Indignation Cocker, with a new and burning sense of injury upon him The waiter, arrested on his way to our sherry, stopped short, and came back to see -what was wrong now. " Will you look here ? This is worse than before. Do you understand ? Here's yesterday's sherry one and eightpence, and bore we are again two shillings. And what the devil docs niuepence mean ?" This new portent utterly confounded the waiter. He wrung his napkin, and mutely appealed to the ceiling. " Waiter,-fetch that sherry," says Bullfinch iti open wrath and revolt. " I want to know," persisted Mr. Indignation Cocker," the meaning of Ninepence. I want to know the meaning of sherry one and eightpence. and here we are again, two shillings. Send somebody." The distracted waiter got out of the room, under pretext of sending somebody, and by that means got our wine. But the instant he appeared with our decanter, Mr. Indignation Cocker descended on him again. " Waiter!" " You will now have the goodness to attend to our dinner, waiter," says Bullfinch, sternly. " I am very sorry, but its quite impossible to do it, gentlemen," pleaded the waiter; " and the kitchen " " Waiter I" said Mr. Indignation Cocker. —" Is," resumed the waiter, " so far off that " " Waiter'." persisted Indignation Cocker, " send somebody." We were not without bur fears that the waiter rushed out- to hang himself, aud we were much relieved by his fetching somebody—in gracefully flowing skirts and a waist—who very soon settled Mr. Indignation Cocker's business. "Oh!" said Mr. Cocker, with his fire surprisingly quenched by this apparation. " J wished to ask about this bill of mine, because it appears to me that there's a littlc'fnistiake here. Let jri6 show you. Here's yesterday's sherry Is 8d., and here we are again. 2s. And how do yon explain the 9d. However, it was explained, in tones too soft to be overheard. Mr. Cocker was heard to say nothing more than " Ah-h-h! Indeed,.^ Thank you.' Yep," and shortly af ter^ards-went out,-a njtlder man. ' The lonely traveller with the stomachache had aU this time suffered severely; drawing up a leg now and then, and sipping hot brandy and water, with grated ginger in it When we tasted our (very) mock turtle soup, and were instantly seized with symptoms of eome disorder simulating apoplexy, and occasioned by the surcharge of the nose and brain with lukewarm dish-water holding in solution of sour flour, poisonoos condiments, apd (say) 75 per cent, of miscellaneous kitchen stuff rolled into balls, we were inclined to trace his disorder to that source. On .the other hand, there was a silent anguish on him too strongly resembling the results established within ourselves by the sherry to be discarded from alarmed considera tion. Again, we observed him, with terror, to be much overcoul'e by o,ur soles being aired in a temporary retreat close to him, while the waiter went out (as we conceived) to see bis friends.' And when the curry made its appearanco he suddenly retired in great disorder. In fine, for the uneatable part of this little dinner (as contradistinguished from the undriukalile) we paid only seven shillings and sixpence each- And Bullfinch and I agreed unanimously that no such ill -served, ill-appointed, ill-cooked, nasty little dinner could be got for the money anywhere el si- under the sun. With that comfort to our backs, we turned them on the dear old Temernin-, the charging Temeraire, and resolved, in the Scottish dialect, to gang nae mair to the flabby Temeraire. 