LADIES' COLUMN. ENGLISH NEWS AND F'ASHIONS. Mr Isaac Holdon, M.i\ for tho North-Wet Riding, has recently built a houao worth L100,000. At a rocont birthday dinner, the same gentleman presented all of his daughters with a cboquo each for L50.000. Mr Holdon is seventy years of ago, anu un boon returned as succosaor to the lato Lord F. Cavoniliifh. He bolongs to tho Congregational denomina tion. A mooting of bioyclil, numbering 3500, was hold at Hampton Court iu the cud of Alay. At tbo rccont horse show at Islington an unusually small black pony was on viow. It was brought from tho railway Htation to the hull inau ordinary cab, "Lady Jumbo" is only 30 inches in height. A discovery is announced that " the tele phone can be used without having any con necting wiroB." A fete is to bo hold in July at tho Crystal Palace, organised by the Church of England Tern porancc Society. A hundred-weight of Roman coins, bearing dateBA.D. 81, bavo boon recently fouud at Alontuctito, Sumor.Hct, Tho death i announcod at Cnmpsoy- Ash, Suffolk, of Air Shophoard, foreman of tho jury in tho famous Ticbboruo trial, Permission Iiiik been asked of tho Rov C, Spurgoon to allow somo of his sormons to bo translated into the dialect of North Russia. Eveuing by Evening is already being roudcrcd into the Tnniol language. Tho lato Lord Mxiyor of London, Alderman M'Arthur, AI.P,, has boen presented by a representative body of colonial mer chant with an extremely haudomo tes timonial, in CRpecial remembrauco of his vory gracious reception of residents of tho various Britih Colonies, as- well n to mark thoir sense of hi high character and abilities. It consist of a long silver plateau, with an oval-shaped contro-pioce. Figures and em blems representing tho City of London and Australia aro nt orvch end, nnd at the nidca four glass tarns for flowers up held by City Dragons, In tho contra stands another tnzza, surmounted 1 by tho Australian lyrebird. Four figures of boys hold different products of the colony, and bas-relief views are seen in tho panels of the base representing tho Thames and city, tbo Alan&iou; House, Sydney harbor nnd Mel bourne, Tlio recipient's arm aud crost are on amullod upon tiie coutro-pieco, and on bath side of thu plateau may be road tho inscription to Ah M'Arthur. Natural flower are again much worn on ovoning drossos. At a ball given lately by the officers of tho Royal Engineers the custom was very general, ono dress being entirely trim med with largo Marshal Neil roseB, sur rounded by trouds of maideu-hair fern. A now urchdoacoury' hu boon created in tho diocese of Durham, and is to comprise the deancriea of StaDhope, Darlington, Stockton, and Auckland. It will bu known by tlio latter immo. Archdeacon Watkins ha been ap pointed to the cliargo of it. Two thousand pound hi boon offered for any info'ination that will lead to the ap- pruhouaion of tho murderer of Air Homy Smyth, of County Woatmonth. Great anxiety i folt by tho mcdicaladvissrs of the Rev, S. E. Gladstone, the son of tho Premier, and rector of Hnwarden, who on Easter Tuesday burst a blood vessel, aud has ovor sinco been in ill-health. Amongst the newest stylos of capo3 aro thoso having tabs ofsatin ribbon on each shoulder ; cnslimoro of torm-cotta hue, with bronze- colored trimming, in vory popular for cos tumes, o is also a rich red shade of tho last- named tint ; both colors, however, aro slightly unbecoming to tho complexion. Grey in ull shades is in voguo, the newest boing ono called Telegraph or Electric, of a dark bluo grey ; this latter huo is always trimmed with moiro or satin to matcu. tho paler shades taking steel pnssmentorio anil Irill of liculfe lace. The bouuet worn with those costumes are of ficello lace ovor a steel- beaded crown, or white or grey chip with aigrette of tho lattor tint and lace string. Black volvot is much employed for the lattor, especially with gold or steal boaded bonnets. In hatu tho favorite shape is around Mata dor, trimmed with soft feathery rosottea of somo delicate color ; a binding of black vclvot is now soon on most shapes, some of whose crowns aro boaded, whilst other havo stool or jot lnco arrangod over the velvet, Both white and black straw are popular, nnd that in gold color is often eeen trimmed with cither .ruby or myrtlc-grecn plush, with featlior to match. Bonded not, put on very full, is placod on tho edgo of boDnot-atrings, Palo pink, bluo, and violet uigreltos are much employed on tho left side of jotted bonnets, the first named color boing tbo most in voguo. Amongst the latest stylos of evening boad dresses nro marabout? powdered with eeed pearls, worn on one ride of the head, and satin bows drawn togethor at tho end with pearl tassels, a small flowor or spray of whito lilac being placed in thoir coutro. Bright uo'orod square neckorcbiefs are likely to be much in vogue this season. Spanish Ince is still largoly used on mantle? and bonnets. Gold or poarl-hoadcd pins are seon on hats, bonnotsnnd drcsseB. Linen cuffs are worn with lace frills to match the jabot, Black vclvot over any pale color is a vory favorite combination; waistband of the same material are also likod. The frcodom of the City of Dunfennlinoba been presented to Sir Noel Patou in recogni tion of bis groat abilities, A memorial window is about to be placed in Hughcndun Alanor by Sir Samuol Wilson, in grateful romombranco of II, M.'s recent escape from assassination. A ball is to bo given shortly by tho Lord Alayor of London which is to cast L2500. The colossal statuo of tlio late Earl of Beaconsfiold is finished, and is to be placed in Parliament Square, facing tho Abbey, and opposite to that of Sir Robert Roel. Air lteggi lias boon very succeRnful in hi work, Tbo figure, wbich isjien feet high, stands upon a pedestal of Peterhead marblo of about the name height. A club ha been started in London by tho title of tho Lancashire, tbo members of which lielong wholly to tho artistic, legal, and scien tific professions. A largo wolf, ha? been given to tho Botanical Gardens nta Du?soldorf by Prince Bismarck; the animal is porfcctly tame. The introduction by tbo Government of Jnmnicn of tbo Cinchona tree has boen fol lowed by vory goon result, and it is hopod will considerably lessen tho price of quiuiao. ,AIr W, Anderson Ogg, Sheriff of London andALddlosex, is about to receive tho honor ofa Knighthood, in commomoration of Hi Highnesn'w Into visit to Epping Forest. Mr W. Ogg went to Sydnoy in 1843, and wns ono of tho founder of the firm of Australian \- merchants, in which ho is still a partner. Ho returnod to England iu 1854, settiiug in Lon- : don nnd taking an nctivo part in tlie voiuntcor movement iu tho city; ho was also ono of tho . London commissioners for tho Sydnoy Exhibi tion. Tho presonlation of tho eleven young ladies who woro to receive tho dogroo awordod to them took placo at the London University Collcge tbo last weok in May. A pair of richly-chased silver boakors, sixi toon inches in height, have been presented by the Wiltshire lroomasons to Priuco Leopold on tho occasion of hi wodding. It is rumored that Prince Christian liaa beon succeeded by tho Duko of Teck a 41 Roporter Extraordinary and Special Correspondent " to the Queen, rJ he memorial-screen lately orectod in tho Gollcgo Chape), Eton, in romombranco of thoso officers who fell in tho South African and Afghan Cnnq.aigus, and who once bolongod tn that school, was to bo unveiled by tho Princo and Princess of Wales during thoir visit there in Juuo. A proposal baa been mado to placo a bust of Bums in Westminster /\bboy. Great interest is felt In musical clrclos in London concerning tbo young Italian boy, Gollcotto, wlio, at 0 year of ago, is manifesting such wonderful power of improvising. At a party, at which tho Priuco of Wale? was proeent, tho child, nt tho request of treated tbo Ghost melody, in tho Corsicnn Brothers, moat successfully as march, fugue nnd waltz. Tho death is announced of the Rev. Dr William Hanna, tho much-cateomoc! Scotch minister, at tho advanced ago of sovonty-four. Vitalize your ctifooblcd ayBtom, nml live.— Tiioro s health, fctrcmjtli, ami cliccrfulneaafn ovcry hottlo of WOLFE'S SCHNAPPS. Would you nhvaysilo that which la right, Go to the Mnilcct Fair on Saturday night. Tiioro look about and sco your friends Tlio eights nml what to buy, Enloy yoursolf an hour or so without a single sigh, Noxt mako your way to Colo's Arcade, 'Jo buy a hook for Sunday, 'Twill mako you happy on that day, And wiser ou (ho Mouday. 