LIVING OR DEAD. By "Atha." BOOK I.— THE WINGATES. Chapter YI. — My Native Land, Good Night ! Maythorpe was for sale ! 1 The sturdy old house, that had cradled Within its walls so many comely maidens and hardy sons, was abont to pass, with all its associations and hoary belongings, to other n&nds; ; and from henceforth it would know the Wingates nomore. What haunting memories in those silent, ; yet eloquent roohust Solemnly, amidst the gathering gloom, the ghosts of the departed race seemed to -glide in and out among the quaint nooks and cornareof the place as if in protest at. the irreverence of the act. Look at the frowning defiance depicted on the face of that picture on the oak-lined par lour wall — the corporeal form of Jasper Win- gate, paused away from «&rto; three hundred years, ago. Yet hem the painted likenesp glows as if with life and motion, and by the nnoertain light appears to jabber at the unfortunate smith, who is pacing slowly to and fro beneath. O ihe weary hours and 'the long, sleepless nights for the sorrowing father — thinking of his poor prodigal ! in that father's heart rose the unholy with that the frost and the snow might be merciful to the wanderer, and end his wretched life,rather than that he should fall into the hands of those who were on the watch lor him day and night. O the weary honrs of suspense ! An escaped felon, to be. ch&8ed and hunted like a wild dog, and per chance to die a dog's death, Skulking and dodging around the old homeBtead." the agents of police were ever on the alert to secure their prey. How could the honest smith meet his fellow men 'with the sword of Damocles hanging daily and honrly over him? Nay, better to resign his civic honours, and leave the old place for ever. A purchaser was soon found for Maythorpe, and John Wingate roused his latent energies to leave England and seek a home in the colonies. The poor smith wondered to hear the cor poral laugh, and indulge in snatches of gay song, while he was so troubled and discon solate. Was it not sufficient that they were quitting the old land for evermore — to tbem at least— and that in the decline of life they would have to begin anew? But Corporal Ball had wisely kept his secret to himself. He felt confident that Claude Wingate, under his assumed name, would be safe in the army, and, come what might, there was honour in a soldier's grave. Therefore was the old veteran comforted. While John Wingate walked up and down blfoib the frowning picture of his ancestor, Corporal Ball stole quietly up the broad stairway toward a small room overlooking the garden. The old hussar paused before the door of this chamber for several minutes. Bud stroked his grey moustache reflectively. Opening it noiselessly; he looked in. By the light of a small lamp he beheld Lena Graham upon her knees, her head buried in the-snow- whifce covering of her couch. Scattered around lay a heap of old letters, some of them faded and yellow with age, others bearing marks of violets and roses, with hS| andtberearibbon, tained andecaygfl, by: which they had been tied. . There was a world of sorrow In the girl's posture. The listless arms restingwpott the bed ; the long, glossy hair displaced, and lying about the slender figure I&e; a rich mantle ; the small shapely head Thalf buried — -all spoke snore eloquently than words a mournful, restless grief that could not be gauged by rule and compass. One of her small hands held a photograph, the pioture of a fair, handsome boy — of Claude Wingate when he firetcarae home from school to spend the holidays. The proprietors of "The Weekly Times" -have purchased the right of publishing this story "in .Vic toria. ' ' ' . Holding by the door, the oorporal took in the whole scene at a glance. It was amazing to note how quickly the hard, rugged face of the man changed to a look of soft womanly tenderness as he gazed ; to notice the mist which slowly but surely gathered in those keen, courageous eyes, and dimmed them so that he could soarcely see — eyes that had not quailed when the Russian legions gathered round him and his devoted eomrades on that toRgy November morning at Inkerman — eyes which had looked unwinkingly upon the terrible Um of guns at Balaclava, whose scathing whirlwind of shot and shell he had fronted gallantly; a face that had grown stern and resolute in the hour of imminent peril ; yet the dogged features and flashing eyes had been unlocked and melted at the sight of a motherless babe ! Blessings on thee, Harry Ball 1 My heart grows warmer to my kind when 1 think of thee, man cker. , World-weary, and tired of the false mockeries, the hollow shams around me, the' memory of thee and of thy kind, gentle heart buds and blooms in my remem brance like an oasis in the desert ! Gently the veteran moved forward, and, stpoping down, imprinted a kiss upon her shining tresses. But the girl did not move. It was only when he had lifted the slight form in his arms, and folded her close to his heart, that Lena gave sign of motion. An uncontrollable flt of tears, which shook her like the winds and the waves play with a storm-bound ship, found vent. The old man let the tempest have play — let her sob out the pent- up sorrow upon his bosom without uttering a word. He stroked her beautiful head, caressed it ; and what sympathy was there in that touch ! Yea, it had more influence upon the passionate outburst than all he could have said to her ; for there seemed a great magnetism in that band. The invisible and electric harmony of two sools knit together was felt by one of them at least, felt and silently acknowledged, as though the healing wings of the guardian spirit hovered near. Lena ! my dear child, yon love thiB unfor tunate boy, Claude ?' .No need of the question, corporal. The shy, blushing face that would hide itself within thy parental bosom in maidenly coy ness is enough to satisfy thee. He still toys with her glossy hair, but a grave look comes into his face. ' My darling 1 yon must try and forget that Claude Wingate ever lived.' 'Ah, yes! I will try, dear father,' she answers, after a pause. 'But yet the trial is very hitter — bitter. He was my companion and playfellow, my little champion at school and abroad, who entered the lists against all comers on my behalf ; my hero and beau ideal of all that is generous and manly in his young manhood, until— until .temptation toll upon him. And even now, my love for him is the stronger because of -his fejl, for I would watch over him, win him back again to honour, even at the sacrifice of my poor life.' How eloquent the words — homely though they were! What a wealth of love in the truthful eyes that looked up at him through her blushes. ' God has been very good to me, my child, in giving me such a treasure as thou art,' said the old soldier, in a husky toue. If I speak unkindly it is because I would eave you from vain longings and toopes which may never be realised. Listen ! Two young men — school fellows, friends, both born and reared in this township of Cranbourne — unhappily fell in love i with the self-same maiden. One of the twain was a tall, awkward youth, who had little to reoommend him in the eyes of such a proud, handsome girl as Luey Fanshawe, but he lovedher with the whole force of astrong and passionate nature. His rival, on the contrary, had such qualities of disposition and person as won the lady's love, also her hand. The less fortunate friend kept his secret well, and betook himself and his mi spry out of Cranbourne. He entered the army, went abroad, became a morbid, lonely, and disagreeable man, until one day in India a little foundling nestled its tiny arms about his neck, and thereby opened the floodgates of that affection which was .consuming him. Again I say, God has been kind to give me yon.' Lena drew down the weather-beaten face oloBe, to her own and kisBed it fervently. 'Dearest father ! who can gauge your love like the poor foundling ? That friend of your youth and favoured rival in love was John Win- goto!' ' Hush ! In all these years thai have gone he baB never even suspected that 1, his friend, had ever felt the tender passion -for anyone, much mbre for his dead wife. Death is the great Measure-house of love. There lies buried the real wealth of passion and of youth. .Take the lesson, Lena, my child.' She clung closer to him now. The secret behad imparted in his rough, upright way ball revealed more fully the diamond beneath tHB.rude crust. 'They went down the broad stairway- to- gether arm in-arm, and onward to the oak- lined chamber, where the smith walked to and fro with his head sunk upon his breast. 'Jack Wingate! Halt! Lift up your head, man ! I have news of the prodigal.' The friends face each other, with Lena between them. ' News ! good news, Jack, my dear old friend 1' cont&t;$0 the Vgtereb. Your eon- nay, our son — sailed from Bristol yesterday, with the livery of Her Majesty upon his back, and a weapon by his side to fight old England's foes. Look ! read for yourself. Hurrah ! We need no orders from Horse Guards. From this hour we hold ourselves in readiness to march out of Cranbourne .with drums beating and colours flying at one day's notice. Kiss me, Lena ! Damme ! I'm a boy again !' ; And so we leave them. When we lift the curtain it will be upon a new land — that Greater Britain at the Antipodes. BOOK H.— NEW ZEALAND. "Chapter I. — Maori Jack, Five years have passed, away I Five long years — with their ups and downs, their turmoil and strife. Leave we the Old 'World, gentle reader, for that new and unexplored region at the Antipodes. Mount -with me upon the back of my flying steed ! Hie, Presto ! away we go. Iio ! here we stand safe upon the lofty summit of Maunga-Wao, New Zealand, i Before us Bangitoto rears its crest above the clouds ; and out yonder the city, of Auckland, ringed with villas and gardens, gleams in the . morning sunlight, while at his feet lies the noble Waitimati Bay, with a fleet of ships upon its glossy bosom. Eastward towers the Barrier Bock, like a huge giant guarding the ocean paBS. . What a grand, rugged landscape! Bold and sturdy in aspect as the native race it hath craAed upon its cliffs and mountains — a race whose nature, partaking something of the rugged surroundings, could exhibit grand and lofely qualities beneath a serene and sanny sky, yet fierce and terrible under the influence of storm. Five years ago the Maori chieftain, Te Apora, fired the rebellion at Taranaki, but the local /Government crushed it out ere the aid which had been despatched from England arrived. The Imperial regi ments only reached as far as the Cape of Good Hope when the order was counter manded, and they were sent to different stations in India. But rebellion had raised its hydra head once more, and had spread over the whole North Island. The Imperial soldiers came to the rescue, under the com mand of General Cameron, and amongst them the 6 — th Light Infantry. The general, by a series of skilful and daring encounters, completely routed the king's warriors, mid finally drove them put of the Waikato. It would be out of place in these pages to ' consider the cause of quarrel between Maori and Pakeha. Suffice it for the interest of this story to say that twenty thousand natives — descendants of warriors fighting for a country they loved dearer than their exist ence—were in arms, and commanded by a brave, but cunning and cruel renegade, sup posed to be an escaped prisoner from the Stookyard at Pentridge, and who was known by the riom de plume of ' Tupo the Pakeha.' A terrible devil this Tupo, if report spoke truly. Not a white man who ever fell into his clutches camp back tp toll what he thought of the rebel leader. Daring as he was oruel, and with considerable ability in the stratagems of attack and retreat, he be came a thorn in the side of the commander of the force, who tnade every effort to capture him, but in vain. On a hright morning in the month of June there was a general muster of stragglers on the large barrack square at Auckland. About forty rank and file, comprising Im perial soldiers and volunteers, were being formed up, previous to embarkation for Taurango, on the coast.. These gentry con sisted of absentees and defaulters generally, who had failed to be present when toe corps to which -they belonged . had sailed a few days previously for the above township, where it was known Tupo was carrying on his operations. A youug officer belonging to the 6— th Light Infantry had been left in charge, with orders to follow the general as soon as the absconders were gathered together. It was amusing to note this awkward squad, as the ranks were opened for inspection. They reeled to and fro like a tottering wall, the whole parade being tipsy to a man. .One .tall grenadier wanted , to know what the sentry- box meant by waltzing around bim, while another hero gave it ae his sober conviction that earthquakes were qot yet extinct in the land, inasmuch as he felt the solid earth heaving under him. There was one little deformed man on the right of the front rank who seemed to . enjoy toe fun immensely. This individual stood about five feet two inches Mgh; his arms were tremendously long and muscular, with large hands and feet, his thick, stunted legs bowing outwards, and with a backward curve. On his head, which was very large, and half buried between his high shoulders, he had thrust jauntily an old shako, mtich too small for him, and minus the ball ' in front, which had the appearance of an old-fashioned chimney-pot stuck on a Christmas pudding. ' Who are you, sir ?' inquired the officer, surveying this personage from bead to toe. ' Phil M'Blatherigan, divil a less !' answered toe gorilla, readily, at the same time giving his shako a rakish shove over to port. The officer felt an inclination to laugh at the comical figure before bim, but the presence of the men forbade the luxury. ' You are not a soldier, are you ?' ' No feix, ma bouckal. There's ne'e? & coat in the service toat'ud fit me — eh, boys ?' ' You are a volunteer, I presume?' ' 1 preshume I am not, aehora !' rejoined the dwarf, grinning, and displaying a terrible row of ugly teeth. ' If you are neither soldier dot volunteer, what do you want here, sir ?' ' Arrah ! only listen to the Captain- Gineral of Indgia, min,' said the gorilla, taking off his hat, and stepping to the front. '. He wants to know what Jack Donavan wants here. Maybe yees'll tell him that I want to go to Tauranga and show Gineral Cameron where he'll find Bewi an' his min. Faix, you're a rale jew'l if you don't know Maori -Tack, the guide. Isn't that tbrue for me, boys?' 'Are you the man who warned Captain Trent of the Maori ambush on toe Waikato ?' asked the officer, gazing at the guide in some astonishment. ' Troth, I'm that -same gintleman. An', look here, me boy, I'm that same gossoon that leapt into a Maori rifle pit at Wangatii, where a bould boy — a sargeant of the 6— th — wor fighting like a very divil agin terrible odds. Troth, that same sargeant would a niver got out o' that, an' been an officer this day, but for ould Maori Jack.' It would be impossible to describe toe look and the frightful laugh that followed the words of the guide. The officer stepped forth and held out his hand. ' It was to yon, then, I owed my life on that terrible day ?' said he, in a low voice full of emotion. ' I made many inquiries after I recovered from my wounds for toe man who so gallantly came to my assistance, but no one new anything about you, or your whereabouts. I am glad I have met you, if only to ' Whist, whist! man alive! Shure these gaping spalpeens are dhrinking in every word yer saying, an' they'll repate it, you may depind.' The voice of the guide had a kinder ring in its tones. ' It's a modest man I am, if I'm not a party one — faix, there wasn't a great dale o' beauty flying about when I wor born. But tell me, agra, you're an officer now'?' ' Yes ; my services at Wangatii gained me a commission, and since thenThave advanced another grade, through a trifling service rendered to our colonel,' answered FanBhawe, modestly, but with a proud look on his hand some face. ' More power to ye, a vie ! It's meseif would like to be an officer, to wear a sword, an' have goold lace on my coat, an' eat off ohiney plates, an' dhrink whiskey tilTI wor black in toe face ; but, Shore, it isn't for . the likes oV an ugly man's son like me to be thinking ov toe like.' He looked up at the officer quickly, and said, in a lower tone, ( Order me into the ranks at onst, an' let us be off to the boat, or these gintlemen forenenst us 'ill not be able to walk to toe jetty.' A strange animal, this guide, rough-hewn and untutored in his manner as a Cossack, yet brave and daring to recklessness — a man of extremely strong passions, with no control over them. With him love or gratitude meant faithfulness and sacrifice of self to every thing else, and, according to the same creed, hate meant war to the death. . There Vas not a man in the whole of New Zealand who knew toe country so well as Maori Jack. From the mountainous regions of Pukehini to Onehunga he was as familiar as the Maoris themselves, and, as guide to the forces, rendered great service to General Cameron and to the country at large. Jack hated the Maoris, and followed up their tracks with the unerring tenacity of a bloodhound. .They had wronged him, and in his half- developed soul he felt a keen zest in retalia tion. Time had been when Pat Donavan held one of toe finest farms in the Patea valley, but toe Maoris came and murdered the Irish settler and his wife, and divided his horses and cattle, and took his poor deformed son (then a boy) with them into the Hunna Ranges. Had Jack Donavan not been de formed, his captors would have killed him without scruple ; but his very deformity saved him, and for a time he became their play thing and their slave. Lieutenant Fanshawe marched his men out of the barracks, and down Shortland Crescent toward toe pier. At nearly every publichouse they passed toe tipsy detachment halted with one accord, and demanded per mission to have another liquor; but the officer was- firm in his refusal, and by sundry threats of reporting their conduct at head quarters, he managed to get them to the steamer Sandfly, which was to convey them to Tauranga. But here a difficulty presented itself. The jetty extended some distance out into the stream. The little steamer was lying broadside oft, to use & nautical phrase, and the tide being at low ebb, the ship was some twenty feet below the level of the pier. Now, how to convey toe detachment safely aboard, fully accoutred in heavy marching order, without half of them rolling overboard into the bay, seemed a puzzle to toe young officer. . ' The master, Captain Squall, was on deck, and to him the young officer appealed in his perplexity. ' Get them on board ! Nothing easier, my lad. Here's a ladder, make it fast to the stanchions of toe pier, and let tbem come down hand- over hand.' ' I'm .afraid the ladder will be uselees, captain, in this case.' 'SoW'Htoat-?' My men are one and all tipsy, I am sorry to say,' added Claude in a mortified tone. ' Eh! tipsy ! Why, damme ! so they are, sir. That's a bad job., I'd advise you to try toe ladder. The lubbers will hs much better -at the bottom of the harbour than on board my boat — the swine !' ' Arrab, captain jew'l ! is there niver a itikdte shoot about?' exclaimed Maori Jack, from toe top of the pier. 'A wheat shoot? What for, you ape V ( To slide these iflegant gintlemen on board! wid, ye lobs ter-facecTapalpean, 'cried Jack. ' Goodl capital Idea,' answered toe good- humoured skipper, laughing. Here, my lads, bear d hand with that long shoot oat of toe fare hatch ; look alive, men.' Half a dozen sailors opened the lore-hold, and hauled oat a long shoot, used for loading ships with grain ; one end was fixed firmly to the jetty, toe other on the deck of the steamer. Send down yonr cargo !' roared toe cap tain, his eyes twinkling. ' This is a most disgraceful scene,' said the young officer, angrily. ' Share it is then, sir,' answered the guide, in a respectful tone. ' Jist look at . the villains,' said he, pointing to where the band of warriors were sitting and sprawling about the pier, and surrounded by a swarm o£ idlers and loafers. 'Faix, I'm shamed o" them intirely; hot don't fret yerself, yer honour, I'll go bail I'll soon aboard wid 'em, I say, there below !' 'Well!' 1 Let yez place an ould tarpaulin at the bottom o' the shoot there, or, begorra, some o' the boys here, 'ill not be able to walk for a day or two.' Will a couple of bags of sawdust do?' 'Exactly! Now, me boy, come along out o' that,' cried Jack, seizing the nearest soldier hy the heels, and dragging him forward to the shoot. Below there— let yez look out. Here's No. 1 !' and the intoxicated soldier, with his knapsack strapped to his back, and his shako leaning rakishly on one side of his head, slid swiftly down toe smooth plane, more like a sack of flour than a human being stamped with the likeness and image of toe Creator, The dwarf, in high glee, grasped another man — a tall, powerful fellow, who struggled hard to free himself ; bat his strength was as that of a baby in toe powerful arms of Jack, who lifted him clear off his legs and sent him sprawling down toe shoot, like a huge cray- " fish. ' ' Hurrah, boys ! Be me soul, this is rare fun,' cried he in ecstacy. ' Now, gintlemen, who's next? Faix, this is the divil's cargo, an' no mistake. Come on, ould grate head, it's your turn. Wirroo ! me bould hare- There ye go, an your shako in- toe wather.' Stretching forth his long arms, the guide sent the men one ' after another along the shoot in rapid succession, so that in . a short time the wholp -refractory detachment were safely stowed away under hatches. In tbe coulee of an hour the Sandfly got under way, and steamed full speeddown the lovely bay and one 'into thetorbnlent waters of the coast. /Captain Squall sent an invitation to the young military officer to join him at luncheon, which was gladly accepted. Daring the meal the conversation turned upon the all- absorbing topic— the war. « 'I presume you have never been in Tara naki?' said Captain Squall. ' No ; our regiment has been on the Waikato River fof some time. Tm glad of a change.' ' No doubfcl I suppose you have had some severe fighting in that quarter, Lieutenant Fanshawe ?' 'Bather! the scourge Tupo and his warriors were not dislodged from Te Bapu and Rangahti without a -struggle.' ' Is this Tupo a Maori?' 'Oh dear, no! he claims kindred with ourselves, captain.' ' What ! is toe scoundrel an Englishman?' asked the skipper, in surprire. ' So it is reported. This renegade, upo9 with a dozen of aliasestis the same tnah who was tried for murder at Wellington toree years ago,' answered Fanshawe. Indeed ! I heard he w$s r u half-blood or a Spaniard, or something of toe spit? : 4 ' Possibly ; his do mplexion is dark enough for either.' / ' You have been in qontont witohhn On toe Waikato?' ' Once, %t the storming of toe plan's Reboubt. I was. near nfofor several SecOnds J but toe tide of battle asparafadtiB, nn T mm only say that, whatever may Ibe Ins crimefe, he is a brave and daring villain.' 'So I have heard,' rejoined the caplain, sipping his wine. Yet I cannot understand why toe Maoris follow him so blindly in preference to their own chieftains' . . The Maori ie a strange animal,' replied Claude, 'and, as a rule, he does not trouble himself much reshecting those who , are brought in contact with him. providing they help him to fight his enemies. Tape's life is forfeited, and he knows it, and will, there fore fight sturdily for his friqnds the rebels for in their friendship lies his safety Agiass of wine, captain?' 1 With pleasure, sir.' General Gamer on has zecrivinfeB&fdioh; that The Scourge has reiapvea hm bsre of r - /'ilk operations to the Patea Valltyy at Tauranga,' contmubd thec&icer;, / and has gone thither with the 6— thand the Forest Ranges in the hope of meeting him.' I hope you may capture the scoundrel.' 4 1 sincerely hope so, captain ; hut Tupo is a knowing rogue, and sudden an&erratic; in his movements.' To-day you may hear of his being within rifle shot, and to-moreqpr he is burning and slaying the settlers fifty miles away.' They sat over their wine -for some con- sideeable time, when Captain Squall pro posed they, should adjourn to the poop and smokQacigto. tyo fix coNxnroao.) 