EPITOME OF NEWS. The following Summary of Colonial events we carefully compile from the various Australian Journals to hand:— Messrs. D. and R. Bradford will not be allowed to tender for corporation work for two years. Parkea (says the E. News) was driving near Glebe tramway, when the hone be came frightened and backed against the oar. The vehicle was overturned, and Parkes (who is a lad engaged in the wood trade, and not yet Premier) escaped. The close season commenced on the firnt. ■ The body of a girl named Annie Fyldes was found in the Yarra last week. The Statistical Register shows that the area of land in S. Australia under cultiva tion during the season 1881-2 amounted to 2,613,903 acres, againBt 2,574,489 in the previous season. The increase arises from the additional wheat production, ; barley and oats and nearly all other crops showing a decrease. The acreage under vines was 4202, compared with 4337 in the previous year. The production on cane decreased from 501,000 to 313,000 gallons. Certain members of the Melbourne police have been in the habit of borrowing money from publicans. The first count out of the session took plaoeon Tuesday, the 29th. On returning after the presentation of theaddresBin re ply at Government House a little formal business was transacted, but just as the no quorum present. It bW been decided to adopt s Friday balf-holiday at Maitland, and 56 business houses have consented to close. The ob servance of the holiday commences on the sixth of October, and an effort will he made by the asaociation to get the store keepers of East Maitland and Morpeth to join in the movement. One of the attractions of the Singleton Show waB a child without arms and two uneven legs. It is. not stated in what class it was entered^ - The Warwick EXAMINER says:—Shear- ing will be in full swing on the stations in this district in the course of a few days. At Glengallan, Talgai, and other places, work will begin either next week or week after; and Canning Downs, Toolburra, Goomburra, and others will shortly follow suit. We are informed that there is a scarcity of hands in the district. Frank Gardiner, an Australian bush ranger, is reported to have died in a hos pital in America. A Rockhampton paper points ont an anomalty that requires a good deal of thinking out. Meat, requiring most ela borate and expensive treatment, is sent to London from the Southern colonies, and eold at from five pence half-penny to six pence a pound.; while local consumers iu Sydney and Melbourne have to pay seven pence a pound for their meat. A telegram to the Echo from Melbourne on Wednesday states that William M. Msundry, an accomplished forger, who is stated to have obtained his living, when not in gaol, daring the past 16 years, by passing valueless cheques, was arrested thia morning on a charge of forging and uttering a number of cheques, purporting to be signed by five leading tradespeople of Castlemaine. The prisoner took the cheques a day or two ago to the English, Scottish, and Australian Chartered Bank at Melbourne and paid them in, stating that he. wished to open an account. One of the cheques was for £200, the remainder tor waoutiUi uudac ;£V0- Ths SlffD atures appeared to be bo good that the bank ac cepted them without hesitation, but for tunately found out that one of thechequeB was bad. Inquiries then instituted led to the disoovery that all of them were for geries. Msundry called at the bank this morning forjthe purpose of withdrawing some money, and was itomediatelyarreated by a detective. The prisoner was only lately released from gaol, after nerving a sentence for fotgexy.. We (E. News) understand that the system of boarding out State children has been extended to the Church of England and Roman Catholic Orphan Schools at Parr'amatta. Already 20 children have been taken from the former and 13 from the latter and placed-in suitable homes. A number of applications have yet to be dealt with. . Tuesday's Echo saysThe Marine Board held a meeting this morning, when tho adjourned case of the Woonona and SaXonia collision was disposed of. Cap tain Hixson remarked npon the conflict ing nature of the evidence on the dif ferent sides, and said that the board, after carefully considering all the circum stances of the case, found that the col lision was caused by the Saxonia porting , ber helm to attempt to cross the bows of the Woonona when the green and mast head lights only of the latter vessel could have been in sight. Taking into con sideration the difficulty the Saxonia had to contend with in getting away from a big steamer in a small cove, the board considered that a caution to the master of that vessel wonld be sufficient punish- ; "©n,Monday evening (says the Echo) a fire, under eomewhat unusual tircum A tonnes, occurred on the premises situated in Clarence-street, owned by Mr. John Baptist, end occupied by a fruiterer named George Gill. It is stated that Mr. Gill is addicted to the habit of smoking io bedvand on the evening in question fell asleep with his pipe still alight, and set ting fire to the bedding, other articlesin the roomi were ignited; Fortunately the careless smoker was aroused before he re ceived any serious injury from the flames. The .toom and its contains were saved from total destruction by the efforts of neighbours, who quenched the flames with buckets of water. The insurance and city fire brigades were present, but the services of their members were not re^he Berwota Argus saysThe old story was repeated again last week on Gnomery Run. when a fencer going to his work «an» across a swag, and shortly afterwards, near to a fence, found the re mains of an apparently old man who seemed to have been dead for several months. There were no papers or other proof of identity discovered, and on in formation being , given to the Goodooga police the remains were buried, and •■found dead in the bosh,' forms the sequel to another cad life story. A number of persons were fined at the Sydney Police Court on Tuwday for geti ting on end off trams whilst the latter in motion* , . The running of Mr. Bouses home Sting is causing much comment He started on Thursday for the County Purse at the Hawkeshury, and was last SlSiV- H..u,«d-»S.tutd.,for the big handicap and won easily to the fastest time yet achieved in the colonies. Froeh gold discoveries are reported from the Yudanamutena, in South Aus tralia. The Mayorof Sydney baa promised a; liberal, subscription to tbe Knurl nil Fund. 5648 mothers and daughters have peti tioned against any further authorised en croachment on the Sabbath. They want ' the railways and tramways stopped, and no farther facilities offered for pleasure seekers. Says the Echo :—To an outsider, a man full of the "rashness of ignorance," the carriage of a letter along a conple of miles of railway does not seem fraught with mu'chdifficulty, especially when the trains ruo at intervals of at the most 20 minutes during the greater part of the day ; but the official mind appreciates the situation better. Say that a man wished to send a letter from Petersham to Ash-1 field, and posted it on Saturday morning, i expecting it to reach its destination some time during the day, he would be disap pointed : his letter would be delivered on Monday morning. If at the same time that he posted his Ashfield letter he posted one addressed to the capital of a neigh bouring colony (Brisbane), it would pro bably be delivered about the same time. Now, this is a wonderful and a precious thing. That it should take as long for a letter to go two miles as to go 600 seems strange—but only to the rash outsider aforesaid. The members of the great Of ficial Lodge know that tbe public muBt be ; impressed with a sense of the difficulty of | the position. The Macleay Herald reports the sud- j den death of the Rev. Father Bisset on the 20th August. He was subject to a; flow of blood -to the head. , +By >the advice j Pbr£]Ui^uane1 for change of air, but he succumbed on] the above date. The deceased gentleman belonged to the order of Jesuits, and was one of the first who was forcibly exiled 1 from France. He was an experienced missionary priest, having been located in the States of America and Canada. He was also professor at the College of Bor deaux, and was a cultured scholar. Tbe Ballarat correspondent of the Mel bourne Abgtts Btates that a curious case came before the City Police Court on Fri day lost, in which a young man named Lovitt summoned a woman, who gave her name as Mia. Lovitt, for assaulting his wife. The defendant, it seemed, claimed the complainant as her hnsband, saying that she had been married to him nine teen years ago, bnt as he was only seven years old at the time, the statement was ridiculous. She then claimed Lovitt'a uncle as her husband, but that was just as absurd. The woman, however, ■ per sistently went to plaintiff's house, insulted Mrs. Lovitt, senior, and her daughters, and went so far as to assault one of them. Sub Inspector Kennedy told the Bench that he had known the defendant for some eight or nine years in Melbourne to be a very bad character, and to be in the habit of claiming varions men sb her hus band. The Bench sentenced her to two months' imprisonment. Sparrows are being largely destroyed in New Zealand by means of poisoned grain. At the Dubbo Quarter Sessions a new species of country crime was disclosed. An East Indian was found gnilty of kill ing cattle, with the intention of stealing their hidfes. It used to be the practice of prisoner to follow weak cattle in tbe pad docks, run them into the river, and ham string them. Then be skinned them. For J a long time his littlo game was carried on without any suspicion being excited. Cat tle were found dead in the river, and it was thought poverty was the cause, and that some poor wretch had taken off the hide. Prisoner was sentenced to' three years4 hard labour. He indignantly pro tested, saying that it would be impossible for him "16 go Tfito society stter wjiug herded for three years with gaol birds. A Melbourne telegram in Saturday's Echo states that the trial of Wm. liowe, publican, and Michael M'Namarra, on a charge of stealing jewellery from the shop of Joseph Avinsky, ended in an extraor dinary and unexpected manner at the Ge neral Sessions this morning. At the pre vious sitting the jnry were unable to agree, and the prisoners were remanded. The case was principally based upon the statement of a man named. Alfred Ro berts, who alleged that prisoners, after melting down some jewellery, employed him to sell the gold at the mint. At the laBt sittings Roberts gave evidence against the prisoners, and himself pleaded guilty to receiving the stolen goods. For this offence he was sentenced to five years by Judge M'Farland. On being brought into court to-day he refused to be sworn, giving as a reason that the Judge had characterised hiB statement as a tissue of falsehoods. He did not object to the sen tence, but objected to the Judge abusing him and calling him a liar when be spoke the truth. The court was taken by sur prise, and a discussion ensued as to the proper course to adopt. The witness was resolute in his determination, and the court recognised that it wonld be useless .to threaten a man already sentenced to five years with extra imprisonment. The jury were eventually discharged. The prisoners were remanded to next sittings, the Judge stating that he would consider what steps he wonld have to take for the punishment of the obstinate witness. The Customs receipts at Melbourne for Augast amounted to £193,000, or £24,000 in excess of the corresponding month of i last year. The Customs. revenue for J uly and August, the first two months of the financial year,' exceeds the TreaBnrer's es- ■ timate by £6000. Daring a. ga}e .at Wanganni, N.Z., in which the gale blew with hurricane force,1 the Gas Company's gasometer was blown completely ovar. A blackfellow haa been shot dead by a man named Wyndham, near Rockhamp- ■ ton. Wyndham gave himself up to the police, stating that he shot tbe blackfel low, because he wanted to take his gun. Mr. W. F. Brown, a well-known squat ter (says the Mudgee Independent), whose lot in life was beatified by the pos session of wealth and youth, put a violent end to his mortal career oo Thursday af ternoon last. The tragical occurrence took place near Coonabarabran, on the Tundebnrine station, of which Mr. Brown was the proprietor. On the day named he seems to have been very despondent during the afternoon, and after dinner he returned to one of the rooms of thehome stead. He then leaned his head on the muzzle of a rifle, and with hiB finger he pulled the trigger. When the explosion was heard the servants of the house imme diately rushed in and fonnd that the dis charge had shattered hiB head into small pieces, scattering the fragments of his skull over the room. £he sides of the wall were splashed with blood. Dr. Sooter and a magistrate were sent for, and a ma gisterial enquiry held, which resulted in a verdict being recorded of " Death through a gunshot wound inflicted by himself while under temporary insanity caused by drink." It is said that Mr. Brown lately took to drinking heavily through disap pointment in a love affair, and it. is be lieved that this disappointment, fed by ; alcoholic poison, preyed on hie mind Mid weakened his nerves. 1 The following notice was given in the .Legislative. Assembly on Wednesday night by Mr. M'Elhone:—(L) Was a euoi of public money paid to John Davies, Esq,, M.L.A., to provide food, buns, &c.;, to the children of the public and other schools, Randwick Asylum, and other in stitutions, on the occasion of the laying of the foundation of the Queen's statue ; if so, what amount of money was handed to Mr, John Davies, M.L.A., to provide for above children 1 (2.) Has Mr. J. Davies rendered any account of the money re ceived and paid away ? If so, will the Government cause the accounts to be printed and laid upon the table of this House at an early date, with receipted accounts of the money paid to the differ ent persons who provided food, buns, or other refreshments to the above children 1 The following is the enacting portion of Mr. Buchanan's bill to amend the law in reference to the right of challenge of jurors in cases of felony and misdemeanour :— " On and after the passing of this Act it shall be lawful for any persons charged with any felony or misdemeanour, with the exception of capital felony, to pe remptorily challenge at the trial 12 jnrors. In cases of capital felony it shall be lawful for any person so charged to challenge peremptorily 20 jurors. Ho thing contained in thiB Act shall be held to limit thB right of persons charged with either felony or misdemeanour to chal lenge as many jurors as they think proper for. cause shown.'" A telegram from Melbourne, in Satur US ' Kswa anm * A^Fawanll lias Ixaan la-'] sizes oh the 15th instant for his attempt to murder Archbishop Goold. Applica tion was made in the Term Court to-day on behalf of Dean O'Hea, for an order directing O'Farrell to file an affidavit in answer to one previonBly made by the Dean, charging the former with having some years ago misappropriated .£300 en-, trusted to him for investment. The mat ter was adjourned, pending the disposal of the charge of attempted mnrder. Melbourne, Saturday. —The views of the American syndicate represented here by Dr. John Weir have been made pub lic. The proposal is to construct cable tramways similar to those of San Fran cisco. The syndicate has a capital of 3,000,000 dollars, and will lay down a ; cable tramway of three or four miles in any street agreed upon, open and work it for 12 months, and then sell it to the Go vernment or local bodies, or else work it for a number of years and then hand it! over. The syndicate do not require to i raise any capital in Victoria, but will bring money with them, and find mate- j rial here. They claim that cable tram ways worked by stationary engines are so completely successful in San Francisco that they will be largely adopted in the States, including Chicago, Cincinnati, and St. Louis. The engines can work cables for continuous lengths of four to six miles. The cost of constructing cable tramways ■ is greater than that of others, but the i working expenses are fonnd in San Fran cisco to be from 35 to 45 per cent. less. A serious, but singular accident (says the Pastoral Totes), happened on Mon day to Mr. T. O'Connor, of the Denili quin Telegraph Office. Mr. O'Connor was enjoying a walk towards the cemetery, and on coming to the Common's fence, instead of going through the gate, be j placed his hands on the top rail and ' vaulted lightly over. On reaching the ground he felt a severe pain in his leg, I and was unable to rise for Borne minutes. On doing so he fonnd that he could walk with difficulty, bnt succeeded in reaching the town. Hot thinking he was seriously -tnjnreQ 1i» y« r,on.ni ampWuj meat, wbeu the pain became so great that ; the services of Dr. Hoyes were secured. On examination it was fonnd that the small bone of the leg was broken, and after the usual remedies were applied, the patient was ordered perfect rest. The accident is the more remarkable when it is considered that Mr. O'Connor walked over a mile with the broken limb without I being aware of the extent of the injuries. Perhaps the roost conclusive evidence as to the prosperous condition of the working clssBes in these Southern lands (says the Echo) is to be found in Hew 1 Zealand. -Work is scarcer, wages lower, ' taxation heavier in that colony than in Australia, and yet the working-man thrives there as he never did in Great Britain. According to Major Atkinson, the Trea surer, the industrial classes of Hew Zea- ; land have deposited nearly two millions iu the Savings banks, and " throughout the colony, in the v&rions; suburbs, every where, they are gradually acquiring small freeholds, gradually acquiring property, and raising themselves up to the position of that despicable class, the property class." In face of facts like these a small-brained section is to be found in every colony protesting against immigra tion. Regarding long sessions of Parliament, tbe Maitland Mercury observes:—"There mnst be a point at which heaping hardens on Parliament must cease, or we shall be forced to dispense with Parliament alto gether. It will be worked to death. Every effort of politicians should therefore be de voted to lighten the work of Parliament. Long sessions are a necessity, but it is an evil necessity. Tbey tend to the dete rioration of. Parliament. In this new country local men have not the time or mesne to spend three quarters of the year in the metropolis. And so representation falls to those who can manage to make attendance in the Legislature fit in with their daily work. It thus falls to pro fessional politicians, or to Sydney men, or to men Who, as soon as they are elected, hasten to make themselves Sydney men. After the last general election, one after another of the new members transported himself and his belongings to the metro polis, and became a mere Mien and so journer in his electorate. Prolongation of aeBBiona thus limits the choice of elect ors ; they cannot choose the best men, but only the men who can afford to sit." A .most peculiar affair (says Tuesday's E. Hews), and one that requires the most searching investigation, occurred yester day in Oxford-street. A woman with a child was walking along, when she was knocked down and run over by a passing cab. The wheel passed over her head, and inflicted what appeared to be seriouB injuries. A gentleman who was near ran to see what had occurred, and sccnsed the man who wsb driving of being drunk. The than said he was not, and stated that he was a policeman, and that the trne driver was inside the cab. Inside he fonnd another policeman in plain clothes and the man who should have been driv ing, both, more or Iosb, under the influ enoe, the latter especially. They will have to answer for their conduct before the magistrates at an early date. A nnmber-of gentlemen connected with the Roman Catholic Church waited on Archbishop Goold and congratulated him on his escape from assassination. The Archbishop hoped that any ihtention of presenting him' . with a formal address would lie abandoned. i A church at Sandhurst, Victoria, was : broken into last week, end the contents of the poor box abstracted. The board appointed to enquire into the claims for compensation for alleged losses arising through the recent outbreak of small-pox at Melbourne have submitted their report. They consider the charge against the authorities of neglecting to afford Miss Southon proper attendance and treatment not supported by evidence. Ab for the claim of Miss Southon for com pensation on the grounds of being unable to obtain employment since her recovery, the board point out that exactly the same thing would have arisen if the Govern met had not interfered, and the claim of Miss Southon's sister they decline to re cognise. To Mr. Ninths, however, whose house was placed in quarantine, and who claimed £1000 for the destruction of stock and furniture and loss of business duriDg such period, they awarded £500. Mrs. 1 Southon, who suffered loss by her board ers leaving when her house was quaran i lined under a misapprehension, claimed £650, and the board awards her £400. Mary Ann O'Connor, a domestic servant in the employ of Nimbs at the time of quarantining, is awarded £10. Melbourne, Thursday.—At the sitting of the Education Commission, to-day, Mr. Brown, secretary to the Department, furnished lists, according to which Major Smith, in 1877, appointed 61 teachers on bis own responsibility. Six of these appoint ments were contrary to the recommenda tions of the officers, and 65 were made without consulting the Department M all., A large number of them were made in the Ball&rat; district, of which the Major is representative. The Victorian Cricketers' Association forwarded a cable message to the Austral ian cricketers, congratulating them on their victory in the match against the All England eleven. Dr. Weir, on behalf of a syndicate of 1 American capitalists, has been commis sioned to apply to the Government for per mission to lay tramways in Melbourne worked by an endless cable. The Dubbo Dispatch, of September 1, reports that on Wednesday night a sad accident occurred to a lad named Cohen, who, in company with two others, was opossum shooting at West Dubbo. The lad had with him an old ride, bent in the barrel, and in every way looking a most dangerous weapon to use. A dispute oc curred between Cohen and his compan ions as to who should fire the first ebot out of the gun, and after much barneying it was decided that Cohen should have the privilege. The first shot was the last, for the gun exploded at the breech, blow ing away the lock, flange, &c.;, and split- ! ting up the butt end as if it were match wood. Cohen at once fell, and his companions ruBhed to him and found him bleeding from wounds in the face and forehead. The lad got up, and with the two others walked into Dubbo. He was brought to Mr. Giver's dispensary, and Dr. Southam was soon in attendance. The extent of the injuries received was ' then discovered. The . right eye wsb found to be completely burst out, the nasal bone and the upper part of the malar bone were fractured, and large pieces of them were extracted by the doctor. The frontal bono was completely smashed in, and the brain exposed. A quantity of bone had to be removed. Over each eye the bones are smashed, and the left eye, it is feared, is also lost. A esse of some importance to ship owners (says Friday's Echo) was heard yesterday afternoon in the Water Police Court. Mr. Isaac Lee, Marine Board Inspector, proceeded against Captain Tr-Jrr- -Rjphacds- -of ar8.,aj charge of having loaded hiB vessel so as to immerse in salt water the centre of the disc indicating the maximum of the load ing line. Dr. Sly appeared on behalf of the prosecutor, and Mr. Vardy on behalf of the defendant. In the course of his evidence Mr. Lee stated that the loading line of all the coaBting - vesselB of a class similar to the Flora Bell indicated the maximum limit of safety, and every inch they were loaded over that point repre sented positive danger to the vessel. Mr. Vardy raised several legal objections, which were overruled, and the defendant then pleading guilty was fined 40s., with the costs of the case. This case was i brought under section 15 of 45 Victoria, No. 6, an Act commonly known as the " Samuel Plimsoll Act." The Hobart Mercury reports that, at a sitting of the Church of England Dio cese and Synod of Tasmania, the follow ing resolution was carried unanimously : —"That his Grace the Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord Bishop of Win chester (Dr. Harold Brown), the Lord Bishop of Durham (Dr. Lightfoot), the Lord Bishop of Rochester (Dr. Thorold), the Lord Bishop of Bedford (Dr. Walsham Howe), and the present Bishop of Tas mania be respectfully requested to elect a successor to tbe Right Rev. Dr. Bromby in the See of Tasmania." Mr. Henry Alfred KingBwell, a London butcher, writing to the New Zealand Times about the Dnnedin's shipment of frozen mutton, says:—"1st. It is the best of any frozen meat ever brought into London, for the following reasons : It iB tbe leaBt stained, there is no super fluity of fat, it is not frozen too hard. 2nd. It has fetched the highest price of j any mutton yet imported. The sheep j have fetched ou an average of 6Jd. per lb. { or slightly over, after making an allow ance for damaged ones. Lambs have fetched 8d. and 9d. per lb. 3rd. Tbe consignees should have someone belong ing to tbe company in the market to keep check on the agents and salemen's clerks, for Hie expenses of the salesmen are heavy, some not less than £60. per week. 4th. This iB tbe sole cause of the Ameri can senders going bankrupt, in my opin ion ; and as they have thoroughly estab lished the frozen meat trade, and have had to bear the brunt of the prejudices of tbe people, which I can assure you was not a little, the New Zealand companies have nothing to do but .to walk into a good payable claim which has been aban doned for the want of plant, and so reap the heaviest dividends a company ever paid in this line of business." From a small table issued by the Regis trar General we (E. Nsws) ascertain that the estimated population of New South Wales, on the 30th June last, was 797,377, an increase of 16,112 on the number at tbe close of 1881, when the population was 781,365. Of the increase 8908 are males, and 7204 females. The increase is made up by the following figures :—Births during first half 1882: Males, 7396; fe males, 7072 ; total, 14,468. Arrivals by sea, same period : Males, 15,181 (includ ing 455 Chinese); females, 6998; total, 22,178; total increase, 36,647. Against this has to be set the decrease by death 4019 males, 2756 females, total 6775. Departures by sea 9650 (including 368 Chinese); females, 4110; total, 13,760; grand total, 20,635. The births, there fore, have more titan doubled the deaths, and the arrivals almost doubled the de partures. ' Mr. Alex. Munro gained first prize for wines in every class at Singleton Show. Tt is probable (says the Echo) that bet > fore.long a new and elegant theatre will: be erected on the site of the old Queen's. The proprietor of the York- street frontage has just purchased the land at the back, extending to Clarence-street. The block measures 80 feet by 200 feet. The work of clearing the ground will be commenced at once, and a handsome premium is to be offered for the best design for the new j building. The Echuca correspondent of the Mel- , bourne Telegraph reports that a case of j considerable interest was brought before the Echnca Bench on Monday, Mr. Ak hurst, P.M., presiding. The action was brought by the sub-collector of cuBtoms at at Echnca to recover the sum of £100 ! from William Turner, marine dealer, for ] attempting to defraud the revenue by purchasing two buggies that had been brought over the Murray without paying ; duty. The defence set up was that de fendant did not know there waa any duly | payable on buggies, snd that he had paid the foil value of the articles had they been of Victorian manufacture. It was also urged that they could not be considered new, as they had been used, and were co vered with mud when brought over. The j magistrate considered the case proved, and inflicted a fine of £50 on defendant, with £5 5s., costs. Notice of appeal waa j given. There has died among us (says the Ca pricornian) a lady—Mrs. Plimsoll, whose namefhjyild not be wllowed to drop out rites. Through all the of British "memories, trying agitation which he carried on for j the benefit of those who go down to the j sea in ships, Samuel Plimsoll was admir ably supported by his loving and devoted wife, who was equally devoted with himself to the great work he had under taken. Constantly by hia side, or near at hand, the many disappointments he [ encountered were lightened by her confi dence and encouragement. And, when success attended hia efforts she was the \ chief sharer of his joy. Mrs. Plimsoll; has recently resided in Toowoomba for the benefit of her health, having visited Australia with her hnsband. Instead of i improving she appears to have grown weaker, and on Friday, in Brisbane, she died. But, though dead, her memory will be ever green in the hearts of Bri tish Bailors, many of whom were by her j efforts and those of her husband rescued from " coffin Bhips." A Sydney contemporary says :—The i ' elephant fund' of the Zoological Society { has already reached £300, which sum will purchase in India one of those huge ani- < mala. It is suggested that when he ar rives in Sydney there should be a grand procession through the streets, with the Mayor and Aldermen riding in their robes on his back. An amusing incident is described by the Wellington correspondent of thej Otago Daily Times as having occurred in the House of Representatives during a debate on the second reading of the Gam ing and Lotteries Act Amendment Bill. Mr. Dick ridiculed Mr. Fish for his poor : attempt to quote a Scotch proverb, when he could not even month the words. On this Mr. Bracken ruse to a point of order and protested against this imputation on : his Dunedin colleague, explaining that it . was a well-known song and not a proverb he was quoting. On thiB there was a lond demand that Mr. Bracken shonld " sing it." Mr. Bracken deprecated this re quest, pleading that he could not sing ; well enough. On this the demand for ; Mr. Bracken's song redoubled, and sud denly, to the utter amazement of. evgry-_j sion, and much dramatic gesticulation, a i stanza of some quaint Scbtch song, the refrain of which was— " Behave yersel' afore folk, Behave yersel' afore folk," and so on ad lib. This astounding and unprecedented performance was greeted with the most tremendous roars of langhter and cheering I ever heard within the House walls, members and Btrangers alike giving way to irrepres sible merriment as Mr. Bracken sat down with all his bhuhing vocal honours thick upon him, and for a time it Beemed impossible to restore gravity. Mr. Dick tried several times to resume, but fal tered and broke down in a chuckle, fol lowed by a sympathetic roar. However, at last, members managed to regain their facial decorum, although now and then a subdued titter was audible. The Brisbane Courier is about to be enlarged to eight pages. The Bathurst Free Press ssys:—A specimen of the genuine servant girl who knows how to take the place of her mis tress, was on view at the Court Houbo on Monday morning. She was a stranger to the town, and had obtained employment | in the house of a resident on the previonB Tuesday. Two days after entering upon the service she was left in charge of the honse while the mistress went out, and she did more than obey instructions. When the lady of the house returned the servant was missing, as was also a gold brooch and an expensive dress. In formation was given to the police, and Senior Constable Morris—who wonld be a prince among detectives—took the mat ter in hand. The girl was quite a stranger to him, bat from the description given of I her he succeeded in patting his band upon her shonlder, just as she was arranging "with a local labour agent for a trip into the country as Servant. She was wearing the brooch at the time, and admitted her j guilt, and was subsequently transferred to the care of Mr. Forbes for one month, as she could not pay the fine of £1 im posed by Hie Bench. Will Honeycomb, in the Dnbbo Dis patch, sayBIn the province of New Barataria, an appanage of the Crown of ! Brentford, there is a police office, the pro ceedings of which are mostly directed by a couple of gentlemen of the bncolic per suasion. These heroes dispense justice, like Isaac Bays in "Queen's Evidence," in lumps, and as tbey are far away " from the madding crowds" of towns, &c.;, they ' do thingB which may be in accordance with their own lights, bat which seem strange to other folkB, accustomed to more form and ceremony. Not long since a prisoner was hauled np before these jnBtices. He had been guilty of some serious infraction of the Decalogue which is recognised as a crime by Statute law. In the coarse of the proceedings, he made some remarks which were very inBnlting to the Bench. He reflected, I believe on their wisdom, or something that way. He was cautioned in the most bland of manners. Still he wonld go on, and even insinuated that one member of the Bench paid more attention at night to toddy hot than his prayers. The Bench j again counselled him to beware—that he was treading on dangerous ground, which wonld open and awallow him np like a j forty-hone-power earthquake. The pri soner, like some men, waa not to be can- j tinned, and rushed like a wilful dander- j head and rash scoundrel on to his fate. He called the chairman a bald-headed son of a gun,-and this was the last straw. Down from Abe Bench, rushed one of their Worships, and for five minutes that courthousssaw as pretty an exhibition of counter and cross-counter as, was. shown in Larry.; Foley's room. The caw against prisoner was remanded, and the delinquent himself was led„bet^fn lT° constables to the nearest [cell. When he answered,the '"roll call* next day his n<»e was abnormally, extended, 8?d,hc neath his eyes were two streaks as W«w as the ace of spades or Hamlet s inky cost. The justices are still on the Bench, and ready to fight anything wider 5 years or over 50, for a copy of Plunkett a Ma gistrate. . . It is stated in Melbourne that two sons of Charles Dickens are about to commence business as station agents in Melbourne. One of them (Alfred Tennyson) iB well known in Victoria. A writer in the Hebaiid points out that " the bridges alone on the proposed coast line of railway would ewallow np the sum of £1,000,000, and that putting tte coat of the line at £8000 per mile (a reasonable estimate, would mean a sum of three mil lions before Casino could be reached, pro bably ten years would be required to con struct such a line!" The agitation for railways grows apace. The Tingha Banker reportsA meeting was held at the Caledonian Hotel on Tues day evening to consider the matter of a railway from Mother of Ducks via Tingha to InvereU, and »f ter some little conver mit same for approval to a meeting to be held on Monday. The district wril then be canvassed for signatures, and when such 8i6 obtuDsd tlx© petition is to M warded to our member for presentation to Parliament. : Bishop Mono (Eoman Catholic) of liew Zealand, recently gave it out publicly aa his opinion, in referring to State schools, that" people who sent their children to godless schools, though they lived within reasonable distance of the Church schools, were living in wilful sin, and would not receive the sacraments of the Church. They were living in s State of damning ! sin. Even though they might receive the g&crament; ©t death, the Church would b© compelled to refuse to them Christian burial." , j A very unusual announcement wasmaoe in the Legislative Council on Monday by the President reporting that the name of Sir William Macanhur had been struck , from the list of members. The President explained that Sic WUliam Macarthur had for two successive sessions-of the Legisla ture failed to give his attendance in the , Legislative Council " without the permis- j aion of her Majesty, or of the Governor, signified by tbe Governor to the Legisla tive Council," and thereby, under tie , 5th section of the Constitution Act, Sir j William had vacated his seat. The Pre sident expressed his regret at having to j make the announcement, as he was sure it was painfnl for every member of the Council to be disassociated from one who rendered, and whose family had rendered, such good service to the colony. j Referring to the probable Government j programme, the Sydney correspondent of the Dubbo Dispatch writesMr. Lackey will, if all I hear be true, astonish the na tives with his railway proposals. We we to have a net-work of fines to tbe North, and to the Sonth, to the East, end to the West. Every constituency-is to partici pate in the benefits, and hence, 1 sup pose, this measure of liberality will pro vent anything like an open revolt against Ministerial authority. Lackey and Sir John are good generate. Tbeyduiowtbore bestTpossiff where. _ The Federal Australian says1 here have been many striking instances of very speedy replies to telegraphic cable mes sages, bat we believe that no case on re cord is more rapid than one that occurred in the late competition for supplying loco motives for the Victorian railways. Of course much always depends upon bow far the line may or may not be clear ; in this case we can only suppose that all circum stances were favourable, for we under stand that the agent of one of the Amen can locomotive making firms cabled to his ! principals at 1 p.m. on one day, receiving a reply at 10 a.m. on the following day. This is, we believe, one of the most re markable telegraphic instances on record. Mr. James Gonwsy, head master of the Fort-street Poblic .School, Sydney, baa successfully passed the toscheris examina tion as required by the Act in Class I, i Section A. He is the only teacher in the j Sydney district who has Buooeeded in pass ing this examination. . j The following official letter appears in the Vegetable Creek Chronicle :-Gen- : tlemen—Referring to the petition ad- i dressed by you and other residents of Vegetable Creek to the Colonial Secre tary, protesting against the name "Emmie ville" being given to the township on ve getable Creek, I am directed by the Secretary for Lands to inform yon that it it is not contemplated'to alter the name of the Creek, but only to give one to the town thereupon, and, therefore, it seems desirable for the future that it be called the " Town of Emmaville," on Vegetable Creek, the name haviug been selected in honour of the distinguished lady who is the wife of the Governor of the colony. I : am to add that it would be a misnomer to coll a town a Creek, and that it would be even more objectionable to call it the , "Townof Vegetable," which appears to I be the only alternative, unless® name be given to the town as such. Sir John Ro bertson desires me also to state that he i feels sure that ail parties interested will be satisfied with this explanation. I have the honour to be, gentlemen, your most obedient servant, Charles Oliver, Under Secretary. To Hngh Gordon, Esq., A. Cadell, Esq., D. M. O'Donuelly, Esq., and other gentlemen signing the petition, care of W. J. Fergnsson, Esq., M.P., 136 Pitt-street. The Cooktown Courier saysA scene, which was paralleled in our history during the European exodus from the Palmer, was witnessed et the wharf a few evenings ago. Abont 130 Chinese, an xiooB to leave for Mackay and the Mnl grave, swarmed on board the Gunge, pil ing every available part of her steerage, decks, &c.t; with their heterogeneous swags; but the Sub Collector of Customs refused to allow more than 80 to proceed in the vessel, and it required a strong staff of Customs officers and men, assisted by the agent and officers, to draft off the fortunate voyageurs. A later issue of the Australasian con tains the following,-—"Dunnolly.—On , the 2nd instant, at the Aboriginal Station, Coranderrk. Lilly, only daughter of Thos. and Jessie Dunnolly (aborigines), aged 4 years." Of course there is no reason why an aboriginal's death should not be pub lished in the columns of a newspaper, but i it is the tint instance that has come under , our notice, and aa a matter of course we give publicity to it. A fresh agitation ha* began for connect ing Twofold Bay with the railway system of the colony—in fact railway leagues are springing into existence all over the co lony. Saturday's Echo aaysEverything is progressing satisfactorily at the Quarantine Station, the luckless passengers of the Gunga making themselves as -comfortable as possible under the circumstances they have been placed in. The authorities have exerted themselves to make the en forced stay of those in quarantine as pleasant and as little irksome as it can be made, and have sent to the station quoits, cricketing material, and quite a library of light literature—indeed from all aooouuts an invitation to spend a few weeks in quarantine is far from being the least pleasant episode that might occur in a lifetime. Balls, concerts, and dramatic entertainments fill op the evening, and so contented do the passengers appear that in answer to a question from tho health officer yesterday, if there was any thing they desired to make them still more comfortable, the only requirement they could think of was " more newspapers." The Gunga with a new crow has left for Levuka. The Assembly was informed by Mr. Lackey on Friday night, that an agree ment had been entered into between the Government and a private company for the erection of a bridge to connect Syd ney with the North Shore, on condition that an Act be introdnoed by the con tractors, and passed by Parliament, giv ing the neoessary powers and approving of the amount to be paid bad tire condi tions under which the work was proposed to be done. Dr. Weir has brought to Melbonrne from America 10 pore-bred Vermont sheep, five rams, and five ewes, chosen from one of the best flocks in the coun try. The Kyneton Guardlan records some of the incidents of a revival mission of the Rev. John M'Noill, B.A. In his message recently Mr. M'Neill said that he was sometimes asked whether it was sinful to attend quadrille assemblies or dancing classes. He was not going to say whether it was wrong or not, but his text told him that they should be " sealed with the Holy Spirit of promise," and have " the earnest of their inheritance" within. He would give a cheque for £50 if they could produce any one who was filled with the Holy Ghost and yet at tended dancing assemblies. If a man bad the earnest of the inheritance within him, and was full up of the Holy Ghost, it would take a very strong rope and a powerful locomotive to drag him into a dancing room, where people went spin ning round and round like so many idiots, and it would be hell to him until he could get out again. The preacher also indulged in parable. He repre sented the Lord as having lost some of His flock, and as saying to the angel Ga briel, "Gabriel, just go down to the world, and see if yon can hunt them up." Gabriel started on his "mission,, and re ported " Lord, I hear the shuffling of feet in here," when the Lord replied, " Oh ! none of my flock conld be found there; that is a ball-room." Rev. Mr. M'Neill concluded this illustration by expressing the hope that the Lord would never send Gabriel to look for him in a ball-room. 