THE litV OF SEVEN ISLANDS. Tho skipper sallod out of thrliorbornioutb, Leaving the npplo-Uoora of the South For the fee of tbo Eastern ems, In bis fishing schooner Breeze. Handsome mid brave ftnd young woa bo, And tlio maidens of Nowbnry sighed to see HU lessening wlille toil fall Uiider tho Boa'e blue wall. ThroiiRlNho Northern Gulf and the misty screen Of tho islea ofMinginandUadoleine, fit. Paul's and Blanc Sablon, The littlo Brcozo sailed on Backward and forward along tho shore Of wild nnd dosolnte Labrador, And found at lost her way To tho sovon Islands Itay. Tho littlo hamlet, nestling below Groat hills while nith lingering snow, With its tin-roofed chapel stood Half bid hi the dwarf spruce wood ; Gram-turfed flower-scnvn,tlie last outpost Of summer upon tho dreary coast, With its gardens small and spare, Bad in tho frosty air. Hard by whero tho skipper's schooner lay, A fishcrmnn'fl cottage looked away Ovcr'i&Io; and buy, ftnd bohind* On mountains dim-dcflnod. And tuorc twin Bisters, fan* and young, Laughed witli their stranger guest, and sung In tlicir nfltivo tongue the lays Of the old Provencal days. Alike wont they1 save tho fnint outlhio Of a scar on Buzctt's forchoad fino ; And both, it so befell, Loved tho horotic stranger well. Both were pleasant to look upon, But tho heart of tho Bkippcr clnvo to ono ; Though loss by liis oyo than hoart . He knew the twain apart. Despite of alien race and creed, Well did his wooing of Mnrgnorilo spood ; And tho mother's wrath was vain As Uio sinter's jealous pain. The slirill-tongucd mistress bor liouso forbade, And Bolemn warning was stonily said By the block-robed priest, whoso word As law tho liamlot heard. But half by voice and half by signs The skimwr Raid, ' A warm sun sliiiies On tho grocn banked Mcrrimnc ; Wait, watch, till I como back. ' And whon you see, from my mast head, Tho signal fly of a kerchief red, My boat oil tho shore shall wait ; Como, when tho night is late.' Ah 1 woidiod with childhood's baunts and friends, And all that tho homo siry overbonds, Did ever young lovo foil To turn Uio trembling scale 1 Under tbo night, an tbo wot sea Bands, Slowly unclasped their plighted hands : One to tho cottage hearth, And ono to his sailor's berth. Wliat was it the pnrting lovers hoard 1 Nor loaf, nor ripple, uor.wing of bird, Bat a listener's stealthy tread On tho rock-moss, crisp and dead, lie weighed his anchor, and fished once more By tho ulack coaBt-lino of Labrador; And by love and* Uio north wind driven, Sailed back to thclBlands Sovon. Ill the sunset's glow the sisters twain Saw tbo BreCEO come sailing in Again ; SaidSnzctte, ' Mothor dear, Tho heretic's soil is bore.' ' Go, Marguerite, to your room and hide ; Your door shall be bolted !' the mother criod : While Suzctte, ill at case, Watched the red sign of tho Breeze. At midnight, down to Uio waiting skiff She Btole in tho shadow of the cluT; And out of tho Bay's mouth ran The Schooner witli maid and man. And all night long, on a rostlcss bed, Her .prayers to the Virgin Marguerite said ; And thought of her lover's pain ' Waiting for her in vain. Did ho pace tho sands P Did he pause to hoar The sound of her light step drawing near ? And, as the slow-hours passed, Would be doubt her faith at last ,? Bnt when ehc'eaw, tlirough the misty pone, Tho morning break on a sea of rain, Could even bor lovo avail To follow his vanished sail ? Mean timo tho Breeze, with favoring wind, ? Loft the rugged Itoieic liiils behind, And heard from au unseen Bhore Tho falls of Manitou roar. On the inonw's;mom, in the thick, gray weather They sat on the reding deck together, Lover nnd counterfeit, Of liaploss Marguerite. With a lover's hand, from her forehead fair He smooihod away bor jol-Ulack hair. What was it Ids fond eyes met? The soar of the falso Eozctto! Fiercely to sliouted : 'Bear away East bynorth for seven Isles Bay I' The maiden wept and prayed. Bnt tho ship her helm obeyed. Onee more tho Bay of tho Ides they found : They Ceud Uio hall of the Chapel sound. And Uio chant ol the dying song In ttio harsh, wild Indian tongue. A fooling of myetery, change, and awo Was In all they hoard and nil they saw :- Spell-bound tho hamlet lay In the hush of its lonely bay And when they came to the cottage door, The mother roso up from bor weeping sore, And iriili angry gestures met ' . The scared look of Snzetta. ' ' Here is your daughter,' the skipper said : ;?' Giro mo Uia onalloTO instead.' ' Bnt Uie woman sternlv spake* ' Go, see if the dead will wake!' He looked Her sweet face still and white And Btrango in the noonday taper light, She lny on her littlo bc4 With the ctoss ether loot ana head. In a passion Bf grief Uio strong man bent Down to tier face, and, kissing it, went Back to the waiting Breeze, ' Back to Uie mournful seas. Never again to the Sfarrimac 1 ^ ? And Kewburj-'e homes Out lurk come book. Whether her fate she met On the shoras bf Cansdnette MIscou, or Tncadie, who cansay f Bnt eves yet at Seven Isles Bay Is told tin ghostly tale . M a weird, unspoken oil. - In thoVle.aulUgMotUUi Northern day SeanbytheUankBtalMonlMiali; : ? Of squaw, in her BmnlTkyack, , : Crossing tiie spectre1* track. : On tho aecVamiidmirrings her binds: Her Ukeness kneels on the giiyboMt sands; \ Ono in her wild despair, ???': - And one in tha tnnce of prayer. She flies before' no earthly Mast. ' : ?With the red -sign fluttering from hertnist, Over tits solemn seas, The ghost of the echooner Breeze. -JokndrccilcqfWhiUitr. 