THE BEXDIGO ADVERTISER I'ROG&B;&UOX;, OUR KIGliTtf, AhO .OUR KEb0tTXE3. SANDHUIIST, WEDXKSDA Y, AUG. iff, JSSi BAILWAY LEAGUES. Two meetings wore held yesterday of jncm 1 bor3 of Railway Leagues in the Town Hall. The first was that of the Sandhurst, Heath coto and Seymour League. The meeting, as a matter of course, expressed its Btrong opposition to the proposed lino from Heatli cote to Wandong, and it was resolved that i the representatives of Sandhurst bo requested to vote Against it. A very warm fouling exists in tlie M'lvor and Kilmore districts 011 the subject, and no pains have been spared to overthrow the proposed extension to Seymour. There can be no doubt that a very influential support has been secured for the Wandong extension, and if it is not carried, it will be no fault of the parties interested. The strongest argument in favor of tho adoption of the other route is that it would connect tho North-eastern line with tho Western and Nortli-western railways in such a way aa to establish a large fraflic between them, which cannot be secured by tho Wandong and Kilmore line. Thus tho oxtensive districts between tho Goulburn and the Upper Murray and those lying to tho westward of the Melbourne and Murray line would be immensely benefitted; whereas the Wandong line would confer advantages on few besides the residents of Hoathcote and tho occu pants of tho country lying between that place and Kilmore. Tho league lays much stress on tho good that would accrue to Sandhurst through tho establishment of direct communication with the Goulburn; and there can bo no question whatever that it would bo productive of very desirable results as regards tho interests of this city and district. It would at the same time have the effect of developing the resources of the district between Heathcote and Seymour, which there can bo no doubt considerably exceed those of tho country between Heath cote and Wandong. Mr. Gibbs, whoso letter on tho subject we published yesterday, is a gentleman who for many years has had an intimate know ledge of all tho surroundings of Heathcote. He is unquestionably sincere, as well as enthusiastic, and may be regarded as a reliable authority. He estimates that tho conveyanceof tirewoodand timber alone would produce a revenue of £03,000 per annum. It is clear that the demand for such material would bo very great as the forests around Bendigo are rapidly disappearing, and tho consumption of fire wood and of timber for mining and othei purposes is yearly increasing. Tho price has risen to such a degree that the cost of quartz crushing is gradually becoming greater, and this is a matter of tho very gravest impor tance on a goldfiold such as ours. Beyond Heathcote, in the direction of Seymour, there exists a forest of great extent which is capable of supplying our mines with the description of timber most required for an incalculable period. The want of a suffi ciout supply of fuel and of wood necessary in mining operations threatens to chcck in a disastrous manner progressive work in the district, and the contention that this public calamity might be averted by tho construc tion of a line to Seymour ought to arrest attention. It must bo admitted oil all hands that any considerable falling off in the yield of gold will be detrimental to the interests of the whole colony, whilst the loss of employment in the mines will throw a number of idle hands on the country, be productive of a large amount of distress, and do much injury to trade Why, from this point of view alone, it might well bo claimed that a line which would have the effect not only of saving an important goldfield like this from falling into a deplorable condition, but really pro mote its advancement, should bo adopted in preference to one which will only serve the interests of small and obscure localities like ; Heathcote and Wandong. But tho Sey mour line would not alone be beneficial in the mannor indicated; it would certainly command a large traffic in goods and produce of one kind and another, and in passengers. If, as Mr. Gibbs says, the Commissioner of Railways will look at the matter by the light of com mercial principles, lie will not insist on the line to Wandong, and Parliament viewing it in the same way will accept the Seymour route. The Kerang and Sivan Hill League also held a meeting yesterday, and deep regret was expressed at tho rejection of the proposed extension from tho former to the latter place. After discussion, it was resolved that every possible effort should be made to get tho sub-section reinstated. Mr. Bent, 110 doubt, would be willing to do so, and, it is stated, that Mr. Williams will endeavor to move the House to agree to such a proposal. Of course he will meet with much opposition, and it is difficult to say what chance he has of success. In tho event of failure, the league has re solved to petition tho Upper House on the subject. Tho struggle over this line has been keenly watched in Sydney, showing that it was considered there one of no Bmall importance. Both the Sydney Morning Herald and the Daily Telegraph of Saturday last have leading artialsp, the burden of which is that the loss of tho lino is a matter for congratulation. It is contended that its adoption would liavo done Victoria littlo or no good; and it i3 really very kind of the Sydney people to endeavor to offer us con solation. The Herald affects surprise that Mr. Bent should have taken it into hid head " that if the pastoral traffic from Hay could not bo coaxed up tho Murray all the way to Echuca, perhaps it might come as far aB Swan Hill if there was only a railway there to meet it, and so I ho proposed to make a lino from 1 Kerang through comparatively easy country j at a cost of L10o,000." Surely, however, this was no stranger a project than that of the Minister of Railways of Now South Wales, who on finding that the pastoral traffic from Hay could not bo coaxed up the Murrumbidgee, conceived tho idea of running a railway down that river. Mr. John Woods gets a heavy sledge hammer ing from tho Llprald for maintaining "that the true Victorian policy was to carry a line to Wentworth." It rejoices greatly in his defeat, and makes no concealment of its satisfaction at the frustration of an attempt to gain for Victoria a portion of the trade, to tlie whole of which New South Wales considers herself entitled. The Teltyraph also considers it fortunate that tho Victorian Assembly rejected the proposal. That journal admits that " by the opening of a line to Swan Hill, Victoria would no doubt secure a portion of the much coveted trade but it holds that " it would be a very small portion, and the question to be decided is whether the game would be worth tho candle." Hower, it is granted by the Telegraph that if such a lino were con structed, New South Wales would bo under the necessity of pushing her line from Hay to the westward "so as to checkmato us. That game, of course, would be worth the candle; but what is sauce for tho goose may not be considered sauce for the gander in Sydney. Anyhow, it can be seen from the tone of its leading papers that, for its own Bake, New South Wales would much rather we did not make any effort to attract traffic from Kiverina. A SuFPLEMiisr js published with this morn ing's issue. Parliament.—Tho Council sat for only a few minutes. A mossage was received from the Assembly, inviting a conference on the " Selectors' Voting Bill." The request was acceded to, and a committee, including the names of Dr. Dobson, Dr. Hearn, and Sir Charles Sladcn, appointed to confer with the one chosen last Thursday by the Assembly, the conference to meet next Tuesday. In tho Assembly, Sir John O'Shanassy askc-d a series of. question relating to the intentions of the Government as regards ) the floating of the new loan of £4,000,000, and for j the redemption of the old loan of f S,000,000 | shortly to fall (V.ie. Sir Bryan O'Loglilen replied that as negotiations were pending with the bank it would be inadvisable to give parti culars, but requested the lion, member to repeat his queries in » fortnight. Five additional petitions were presented in favor of Mr. Monro's local option motion. Mr. Berry, on tho receipt of a message from the Council concerning the conference, took exception to the remoteness of the date fixed, and asked, as ho was about to yisjt Sj-dney, that bis plaoc on the conference might be filled by some other lion, member. Sir Bryan O'Loghlen proposed Mr. Fisher, but Mr. Berry did not think him eligible. Ac cordingly, to comply with the forma of the House, the Premier tabled a motion for to-day "to appoint Mr. Fisher. (At this juncture Sir Henry Parkes entered the House, and by the Speaker's invitation took a seat on the floor). The remainder of the evening was spent in committee on the Railway Construction Bill. The Railway Bill.—Previous to going into committee on the Railway Construction Bill last evening, Mr. Williams, without notice, asked Mr. Bent if he would afford the House another opportunity of considering the Kerang and Swan Hill line, so many members having been absent when it was struck out last week. The Minister considered the matter of such importance that he requested Mr. ^ illiams to give notice of his question, which was done. The lines remaining on the bill were then dismissed, several being passed, amongst them one from East Wcdderburn to Conooer. Over the rival routes for the Heathcote railway there was, however a lengthy discussion, but we regret that though some result was arrived at our correspondent's telegram is scarcely in telligible. However, it seems that the Wandong route was passed conditionally on the with drawal of an amendment 1>3' Mr. R. Clark, that Seymour bo substituted for Wandong, and a second amendment, by Mr. Woods, that the route to Heathcote be from Elmore. Tiie Bombardment.—By the arrival of the Suez Mail at Albany yesterday, we have details (published elsewhere) of the bombardment of Alexandria. Sir Henry Parkes was last evening, at the Melbourne Town Hall, entertained at a banquet, most inllucntially attended. A telegraphic report of the proceedings appears elsewhere. Sir Henry Parkes' speech was an excellent one, but only such as might have been expected from a statesman so ardently believing in confedera tion of the colonies. The Telephone in Sandhurst.—The trades- people of Sandhurst have at last awakened to the advantages to be derived from telephonic communication. Mr. J. H. Abbott, of Pall Mall, is the first to introduce the telephone, between his two places of business, in Sand- hurst. Permission was granted by the Postal Department to Mr. S. H. M'Gowan, agent for the Crossley Telephone Company, to extend a wire from Mr. Abbott's boot shop, Pall Mall, to his leather warehouse in Lyttleton Terrace. The Postal Department supplies the posts to carry the wire and keeps them in repair at a cost of £5 per mile per annum. Mr. Abbott has, therefore, only to procure the two in- struments, Old telegraph posts are used up. The posts are being erected from the Pall Mall shop to the corner of the Bank of Austra- lasia, thence up Williamson-street, and across to the leather warehouse. They are heavy and unsightly for a public street, especially when they have only to carry one wire. The distance is about a quarter of a mile, but, as the cost to Mr. Abbott will be the same for that distance, as for a mile, consequently, he has decided to extend the wire to his private residence near the Convent in Waterloo Place. By this means much loss of time and trouble will be saved at a cost of about two shillings per week. In Melbourne, the principal warehouses are con- nected with telephones, and in all instances the instruments work satisfactorily. Also, at Ballarat, and even in Warniambool the leading business establishments have already brought the telephone into general use. Nearly Smotiieked.—The danger of tunnel ling into sand heaps was exemplified yesterday by a boy named Patrick Brugey, residing in Ironbark, being nearly smothered while engaged in this perilous amusement. At about live o'clock yesterday evening be was with two sisters, and a lad named Pasha, playing at Lansell's sand heap, near the Fortuna Crushing works. They commenced putting in a drive or tunnel in the sand, and although warned by a man who was working near that they would be smothered, they would not desist. However, a few minutes afterwards a large quantity of tho sand fell in, completely burying Patrick Bruggy. The others sueeeding in working their way out. The alarm was given, and the man above mentioned set to work along with others to dig the lad out, and in about ten minutes brought him to light. He appeared little tho worse for his rather risky experience, but bled a little at the nose. It was a very narrow escape, for tho accident might have ended fatally if help had not been at hand. The boys, who are each about fourteen years of age, have been frequently warned of their danger. Caitain' Laxi(iax, of the No. 1 Brigade, met with an accident last evening at tho depot, M'Crac-street. He was assisting some of the members to wind the hose 011 the reel, when the break slipped, and one of the couplings struck him under the eye, in dieting a severe cut. Dr. Baumgartner dressed tho wound. The Austin Hospital for Incurables, Heidelberg, and in which Sandhurst has a special interest owing to the generosity of Mr. George Lansell, was opened on Wednesday. The building, which will accommodate 02 patients, has cost £S,000, exclusive of the furniture, the land having been granted by the Government. Out of that sum, Mrs. E. P. Austin, to whom very great credit is further due for having conceived the idea of founding such an institution, has contributed £7,000. It was announced at tho opening ceremony that she has also promised £1,000 to provide for holding religious services at the hospital, and £2,000 towards a maintenance fund. Two conditions are attached to the latter gift, viz., that the public will subscribe .0,000 to such fund within six months, and that Mrs. Austin shall have a voice in the election of tho matron. The Aryu* says that the hospital is not yet fully furnished, but some of the beds have already been set apart for particular patients, and there is every reason to believe that all the beds will be speedily occupied. Inspection of Mines.—The mines inspected and reported upon by Mr. W. H. Grainger, dur ing the week ending 12th August were as under: —Andrew's and Trewren's Tribute, Eastwood's, Great Southern No. 3, Shamrock, New Chuni Tribute, Londonderry, Carter and Begelhole's Tribute, \ oung Chum, Penglase's Tribute. The Price of Meat.—At the weekly sale of cattle yesterday the price of beef, which had for some time past been inordinately high, de clined to some extent. Prime bullocks brought £16 10s. per head the previous week, but the same class of beef yesterday only realised £14 10s. Medium beef was also not nearly so firm, a decline of 20s. per head taking place. The price of medium to inferior sheep also declined about a shilling per head at the sales on Mon day. The Weather yesterday was cloudy and cold. Notwithstanding thp threatening ap pearance of the sky, ho ram fell during the clay, but about nine o'clock at slight, rain set in, .and continued almost without intermission until morning. The thermometer registered yesterday at Messrs. Joseph and Co.'s, Pall Mall, in the shade:—9 a.m., 44°; 12a.ui., 40°; 3 p.m., 50"; i) p.m.," 4S'; maximum, 52'; minimum, 38°.' Barometer—9 a.m., 2!) GSO; C p.m., 29 520. I he Australian Cricketers.—Tho County of Derbyshire have made a good commencement against the Australians. The county team scored 249 runs, and the Australians had lost one wicket for 11 runs at the close of the first day. It is likely that the date of the match between the Australians and tho Eleven of England, which was fixed for the 2Sth, 29th and 30th of August, will be altered. ' The " Patience Opera Company," now per forming at the Theatre Royal. Melbourne, will not open in Sandhurst.on the date already an nounced, but will postpone their visit till the 9_th September, lull particulars will be adver tised in a few days. . Sandhurst County Court.—The August sittings of the County Court were resumed yesterday, and all the remaining eases, ex cepting one in equity—Lee v. Andrew—wero disposed of.' This case will be called on this morning, and after being heard, the business of tho Insolvency Court will be tqkwi, to be followed by the Court of Mines, Owing to tho settle, mcnt of_ tho Duchess of Edinburgh and South Devonshire disputes several cases connected with "the little lease," to have been heard in the Court of Mines, have been struck out, and the business consequently will be much lighter than usual. Miss Pomeroy as "Hamlet."—The very complete representation of Hamlet, in which Miss Louise Pomeroy sustains the title rok, was given last evening, at tho Royal Princess Theatre, for tho second time to a good house. It must be said that Miss Pomeroy achieved a decided success in her rendering of this exceed ingly difficult character. The slight defects which may have been observable in previous representations perceptibly diminish at each successive performance of this character, and Melbourne playgoers may expect a treat when Miss Pomeroy appears before them at the Theatre Royal on Saturday night. The other characters were also well 'sustained. Miss Alice Deorwyn was very good as Ophelia, and Messrs. W. J. Holloway as the Ghost, A. Elliott as Laertes, and G. P. Carey as the First Gravedigyei', assisted materially in the success of the piece. Her appearance last evening was her last in Sandhurst, for she soon leaves for India. The Totalisator.—It would seem from tho following paragraph from the letter of the Adelaide correspondent of tho A rt/us, that the totalisator, which, it was contended, would annihilate gambling on horse races, has had the very opposite effect : — "In the Legislative Council yesterday, Mr. Sandover succeeded in carrying a motion for the production of a report as to the working of the laws relating to gambling, including tlic^ Totalisator Act. In the course of the discussion which the resolu tion evoked, Mr. Baker, who had brought forward the bill in the Council, confessed that the totalisator had not realised his expectations. He believed it would substitute a far less harm less species of gambling than that which pre viously existed, but he was obliged to admit that tho bookmakers were as strong as before, and that the number of people that bet on horses had largely increased. Before sitting down the lion, gentleman had a qmet slap at the gambling that is encouraged at some bazaars, and added that he always objected to "O to a bazaar because it mixed up two incom patible things—the support of religion with gambling. Mr. Crozier, having uttered the sententious remark that our whole life might be termed a 'gambling concern,' said he regarded the totalisator as the most honesv. piece of gambling in the world. He threw out the warning that nothing would please the bookmakers better than to repeal the Act, and spoke of the delight which such an event would afford ' the obscure Joe Thompson.' there is little doubt that the totalisator has had the effect of educating people in the art of gambling, and that since its advent there has been fat more betting on horseracing and other sports, especially among the lads and young men of the country, than there ever was before. It remains to bo seen what good will be done by the preparation of a report on the subject.' Hospital Visiting Committee. — ^ The Mayor of Sandhurst and the Mayor of Eagle hawk, who, by virtue of their ollices, are mem bers of the Board of Management of ^ the Ben digo Hospital, were, at the last meeting of the board, elected on the visiting committee for the ensuing three months. Yesterday Mr. Alfred Joseph (vice president) and Mr. Karl A an Damme (treasurer) were present, and explained 'to them various matters in connection with the hospital. Being the first visit of Mr. Harkness and Mr. Kneebone they expressed themselves as hii'lily delighted with the management of the institution. Fourteen patients were passed for out-door relief. The question of _ adjusting the ; employes' salaries will bo dealt with at the next meeting of the visiting committee. City Court.—Messrs. Jackson and Gibson, | Js.P., attended yesterday. An old offender, named Mary Alexander, just discharged from ' gaol, was lined 10s. for being drunk and dis orderly, with fourteen days' in default. In a case J. F. Lewis v. J. Wilson, goods, £4 10s., judgment was given for the amount with- 2s. Gil. costs. A boy, named John Kenworthy, in his •20th year, was charged with having misbehaved hiiv self on the 11th inst. while in the employ of Mr. J. G. Edwards. Mr. Wrixon appeared for the prosecution, and Mr. Brown for the defence. Mr. Wrixon stated that if the defendant pro mised to go back to work, apologise, and pay the costs, the prosecution would be withdrawn. ; This was declined. The evidenco showed that Mr. D. Thompson, sub-overseer of the com posing-room at Mr. Edward's establishment, told the defendant not to make so much noise in the room or he would not be allowed to continue day work. The defendant, in reply, said he would come when he liked, but would not "be bossed by a tiling like Thompson." Mr. Brown took an objection that the indentures had expired, having been entered into on the ■20th June, 1S77. Mr. Wrixon replied, that the defendant had been 130 days absent during his apprenticeship, and Mr. Edwards having found out that he was employed in tlio Herald office in Melbourne had him brought back, and then, in consideration of Mr. Edwards withdrawing that complaint, the boy signed a memorandum (not under seal) agreeing to complete the time; ill'. Brown agreed to waive any technical objec tions, and to advise his client to apologise, and return to work and behave himself in the future. The apology was accepted, Mr. Wrixon agreeing to forego the costs. The boy was discharged on those conditions. Australian Natives' Association*. — There was a large attendance at the general meeting on Monday night, and a deal of business transacted. As an incentive to members to obtain candi dates for the association, it was resolved that a prize not to exceed £'2 in value be given to the member who introduces the most new members during the current half-year. Two candidates were elected, and two new members proposed. The chairman referred in most feeling terms to the late Mr. T. P. Devine, who was one of the founders of the Sandhurst Branch, and for many years secretary, and to whose well directed efforts the association is mainly indebted for its present position. Daylight Thieves.—A man of about 70, named John Bland, a rag and bottle gatherer, was yesterday arrested on warrant by Constable Arundel for stealing some old scrap iron, in cluding a wheelbarrow wheel, horse-shoes, etc., and a large number of bottles, from Mary Ann Johannsen, who keeps a butcher's shop on the Crusoe-road. Mrs. Johannsen left her home yesterday morning to attend the cattle sales at the municipal yards. A girl, of about 15, was left in charge of the place. During Mrs. Johaiiiisen's absence the prisoner and another man, with a hand-cart, went to the place and offered to bny the things from thegirl. She refused to sell them, but the old man notwithstanding set to work removing the things and placing them in the hand-cart. The girl was frightened to interfere, hut did not like to leave the place to get assistance from the neighbors. After tilling their cart the old man put '2s. 4d. on the counter. The girl refused to take the money, but the prisoner and his mate went away. Upon Mrs. Johannsen learning what had been done she took out a warrant for the two men. Constable Arundel went with her along High street, and there met the prisoner and his mate coming towards Sandhurst. The other man ran away, but Bland was brought to the lockup. Some time was occupied in taking the stolen property out of the cart and lodging it in the lockup. Mrs. Johannsen complains that she has missed several small things lately, but did not care to take the troublo of prosecuting the thieves. Somo time ago she states she lost a daughter 17 years of age, her death being hastened by receiving a fright from some Chinamen who were robbing the place. She is a widow, struggling to sup port herself and family by keeping the small butchery business, whioh is situated in a some what lonely locality. Eaclehawk Police Court.—Messrs. J. J. Hall and S. Clothier, Js.P., presided yesterday and fined four persons 5s. with '2s. Gd. costs for driving vehicles without having their names painted thereon. For cutting timber of less than eight inches in diameter, Wm. Abernethy, Joseph Vosti, and G. Vosti were fined 10s. each and costs, and Charles Brow and H. Shard 5s. with 2s. Gd. costs. These were the only cases set down for hearing and the court adjourned. Two Tkccks on Fire.—On Monday morning two trucks on the train which left for Mel bourne at seven o'clock caught fire and were completely destroyed. The fire took place while the train was travelling'between Sunbury and Diggers' Rest. It was caused by sparks from the engine, notwithstanding that it was fitted with a spark-catcher, setting fire to some straw in the trucks. They were l^ft at Diggers' Rest, Baptist Ciiurcii.—The lecture by the Rev. Dr. Porter, entitled "Uncle Tom's Cabin," advertised for to-night, is postponed till a future occasion on account of a telegram re ceived yesterday stating that the rev. gentle man's mother was dying and ho could not come to Sandhurst. ; An- Interesting Case was heard yesterday in the Melbourne Supreme Court in equity before His Honor Mr. Justice Molesworth. The case was M'Leod v. M'Phcrson, a suit i'to set aside the transfer of a selector's lease, under the Land Act 1SG9, by plaintiff's wife to the defendant, her brother, and without plaintiff's knowledge. The point is a new one, and of interest, the question being whether land held under lease under the Land Act is real or personal property. If the former the wife could transfer it without her husband's con sent; if the latter then she could not. Mr. Goldsmith and Mr. Topp, instructed b}' Mr. Chas, Cohen, appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr. A'Beekett, instructed by Mr. Laniont, for the defendant. Judgment was reserved. Discharged from Custody.—An application was made to Mr. Justice Williams, in Chambers on Tuesday (reports the Arym) by Mr. Gaimson, for the discharge from custody of .James O'Kelly Nolan, publican, at Sandhurst. The justices in the district court at Melbourne hud made an order against Nolan, at the suit of Mr. H. J. Brown, for imprisonment in default of payment of a debt. The constable who was entrusted with the execution of the warrant, arrested the defendant on Sunday, the 30th July, and it was submitted that according to the Act of 29 Charles II., no arrest on such a process could be made on a Sunday, and therefore that the de fendant was in illegal custody. There waa no appearance against the application," and the detendant was discharged. Electrical Energy.—The Evcninp Mail is responsible for the statement that an enterpris ing Melbourne electric engineer lias ascertained that it will be possible to obtain an inexhaustible power for the generation of electricity in the River Yarra. In Studley Park, at the neck between Yarra Bend and the Johnston-street Bridge, there is a.difference in the level of the river of 27ft., and it is proposed that a tunnel should be bored through the rock between these points. A considerable force would then be available for any purpose requiring water power, and the gentleman who has taken action in the matter i3 of opinion that by that means sufficient electricity will be generated to light the whole Of Melbourne, Ha lias applied to the Minister of Lands for permission to make the tunnel and use the water, but Mr. Madden lias determined to givo the matter full consideration before lie concedes the right. It involves a question of somo importance, and lie is of opinion tliat if such a power as is described is available it should be retained by the Government. The secretary of the Dorcas Society acknow ledges with thanks the following donations :—Col lected by the treasurer (Mrs. Coope)—Mr. Mas singhan, £1; Mr. Coope, £1; Mrs. J. Boyd, 10s., Mr. J. i\ Warren, 10s.; Mr. J. H. Abbott, 10s.'; Mr. D. C. Sterry, 10s.; small donations, 3s. Also 'parcels of clothing from Mrs. Glanville, Mrs. Farmer, and Mrs. Matcliett. The attention of contractors is called to the fact that an additional work has been added to the tenders for the Shire of East Loddon. and that the reception of tenders h»3 been extended to the guth inst, 