THE MERCURY. MONDAY MORN- J NOt MARCH 13, 1882. EARLY in January of this year, according to wholesome custom, the Members for Pit mingham appeared before their constituents to give the annual account of their stewardship. This meeting in the great centre of the Midland Counties of England is always anticipated with considerable interest, the capacity of the Town Hall, which will sent several thousands of persons, being used to the utmost limit. With a population at least trebling the entire community of this Fund, the advanced state of public feeling may be gathered from the fact, that, the Rev. R, V. Bahr, took a conspicuous part in the business of the meeting, and that a letter was read from neither minister of religion", ulm was away on a visit to London-Rev.' ARTHUR MURSBLL--which on cluded with the statement ;-" I am sure I shall not be done in expressions of regret put him enforced absence from, the meeting of Mr. MUNTZ, nor in the hope that time may deal HO gently with him and JOHN BRIGHT as to afford us all many opportunities of cheering both along the path" of liberty aid reform," which for nearly half a century They have pioneered so WQI).''' As an instance of the progress of science, the Mayor of Bjlrnri.njrhanj stated that the winged lightning had been at work, and a telegram received asking that the w||qlg of Mr. Durand a speech, to which the audience had listened, occupying an hour and ten minutes in its delivery, had reached London. Another pleasant feature in the meeting was tim tyn nouncement that. having just honoured Mr. Buiaiir'sscvontletlibirthday, it was proposed next August to celebrate his silver wedding, that being the date of his completion of 25 years' papyrus an Momba!" for the boroughs, Tfc all fairly clear that English people are not anxious for Heaven to close a distinguished career of earthly service just at present. Birmingham returns three Members of the House of (Joniinonii, On the occasion under notice Mr. MUNTZ, one of the three, was, owing to illness, obliged to satisfy himself with a short letter. Muntz's metal, in many pleasant ways, is for better known than MVW5> Beyond the Midland Counties his. joyful forms would not be looked upon as carrying any great political weight, but in Birmingham he is a, tower of strength. The remaining Members Rain and CHAMBERLAIN bulk more largely in public notice, and may be sketched more leisurely. Mr. BRIGHT has passed the proverbial three score years and ten, and is a strongly-built, well - ¿rqflort)opo4 inary. life Cppi Law agitation brought him into public work ; gave him a " o»)!|" as his people would say | and from that time in all the great questions of the day he has been found seeking after a just balance between man and man. In his case, Right Honourable has as true and clear a moaning qs Bight Abomhi able would have in a far larger list of illustrations. Mr. SmaRT makes no pretension to scholarship the Bible and the Foot serve him well for language and quotation- and as a speaker lip stands in the highest class. Eminently consistent as a member of the Society of Friends, it has been noted that the billiard-table is his indoor and the fishing-rod his outdoor amusement. The oppressed never look to him without finding a mind ready to investigate, and a tongue willing and able to plead, the cause of the down-trodden Mr. JOSEPH CHAMBERLAIN is about forty-five years of age, and is spoken of as " the best-bred, iqan mail gained. " forms, and of classical expression, he is the exact reverse of the popular idea of an alderman. His home is in Birmingham, his ample fortune was made there, and for three years he occupied the position of Chief Magistrate. In fact, his knowledge was gained in the Ton in Council, and his experience is worth recording for the benefit of the high and mighty gentlemen who swagger so much and do so little in many Colonial corporations, Finding that the Town Council of Birmingham possessed no revenue beyond the rates, Mr. CHAMBERLAIN arranged for the purchase of the Gas and Coke companies, with the result that, "In three years' time £80,000 have been appropriated in aid of the rates, £50,000 allotted as a reserve fund, £40,000 as a sinking fund ; while the cost of gas to the consumers has been reduced 6d. per 1,000 cubic feet, being equivalent to a saving of £00,000 per annum." The Water- works Company was next purchased, out of which, without seeking to raise revenue, a large reserve fund has been laid aside. Under the provisions of the Artisans Dwellings Improve- ment Act, the Corporation has purchased the vilest habitations in the borough at a cost of £1,500,000, and in obtaining titles to rebuild persons are bound to conditions favourable to health, and to the special convenience of the working class." Mr. CHAMBERLAIN further proposes to purchase the 1,800 public houses in Birmingham, to abolish 1,000, and to supply honest made drinks at the remaining 800, believing by this method to keep a sober community, and to return a handsome revenue to the Corporation. Politically the "caucus" system is a strong point with Mr. CHAMBERLAIN, and has worked well in his fortunate borough. Roughly the scheme may be thus described. The doctors are divided into two great parties. Each of these has its own gathering of thoroughly representative men, chosen from all classes in the community. Out of these councils there are sections. The sections nominate names to council for a coming election, or suggest a certain course of action on any given question If the council agrees, its decision is made known to the party, generally preventing confusion of action, or an undue number of candidates on any given platform. Such a scheme would appear admirably suited for Colonial populations. The National Liberal Federation now numbers over 100 branches. Mr. CHAMBERLAIN finds his pleasures in books, paintings, and flowers. It will be readily admitted that Birmingham has reason to be proud of the character of its representatives. The condition of public affairs formed the staple of Messrs. BRIGHT and CHAMBERLAIN'S speeches, and, not unnaturally, Ireland came in for the lion's share. It is needless to follow the speakers in detail " I am in favour, observed Mr. BRIGHT, " of as much freedom as will give security to freedom ; but I am not in favour of that freedom which would destroy it." A careful consideration of that proposition might save many persons much mischievous work, and their victims a large amount of misery. On the question of representation Mr. BRIGHT demonstrated , the ample justice done to the Irish race. Ireland sends 105 Members' to the Imperial Parliament. To represent Scotland at the same ' rate of population would require fifteen more Members, and England-thirty additional men. ' Looking at the calculations from another point of view, London, instead of twenty two would have eighty representatives ; Yorkshire would have fifty-eight instead of thirty-five and Lan- j cashire sixty-four instead of thirty-five, ' in the , light of these figures it will not be contended that Ireland is not cared for on the score of, representation. Mr. SmaRT concluded And now, notwithstanding troubles, difficulties, and contentious, which might not be immediately subdued, I- may say and I say it with perfect sincerity that I rest now in the belief that these great measures will not fail, and that Ireland will yet become content, and tranquil, and loyal, as are the other portions of the dominions of the QUEEN." Mr. CiiAMDun LAIN dealt mainly with the working of the Land Act. He maintained that the Courts were not reducing roads beyond what English and Scotch landowners were doing of their own free will. On the question of compensation he urged that it would be far more reasonable for grasping landlords to compensate unfortunate beings than to apply to Government for compensation on the ground that they had been compelled to meet their tenants in a thoughtful spirit. The reductions are estimated to amount to £4,000,000 annually, This sum, nttwonty-fivo years' purchase, means £100,000,000, The landlords would do well to think twice before making such an absurd application. If grasping and absentee owners have done so munificently, namely the Land Act did not come too soon, and in the working of his benevolent and benefit cont provisions great hope may be felt touching the final peace and prosperity of the school so in my disorders Paddy dearly IUVIB driving a bargain, and the fear is, lest, his leaving his day he should çp.>p,J> all so loudly of his " thrill of print," It is pleasant to read the record of english statesmen and English electors meeting together for frank and open discussion. It is refreshing to note the heartiness of interest all round. With, persons of this stamp, work for men in work for QQP, and every way sacred. Moan political trickery disappears, and the right man in the right place is the great point kept in view. In the light of the CQffling general elections. are Tasjnanlans sufficiently alive to the welfare, of their Country, not to listen to the voice of any , soothsayer, busy Q «u.m.mon forty and equal, to, the House of Assembly room of discretion, justice, and judgment ? (i I have been," said Mr'. tincture 6 the son of a great Duke-you would say in ordinary lftnguoijo-shut up and put down. The House would hear him no longer. I hear there -are a miner and one a jo^rn.ojjrçyin, utonerrrason-I jaws- they speak in the House, and the whole House listens with the most perfect patience. If a man is an honest man, if he does not too frequently intrude himself, if he understands what he is talking about, if he has really any thing to say that is worth anybody hearing, then you may depend upon it the House is very of Mr and impartial in the freedom of its members. " TOMB AfTPjiPr of 'JE QUEeN Lim-The for- its loan dressings has been received by the Governor from Earl lCiiiiborley In reply to the telegram conveying to Her Majesty the cmigalulatioiis of the people of Tasman on her recent escape Your message laid before the Queen. Her Majesty thanks Tasmania for congratulations. (Signed) KlM" jeRRy Y-" VjCE-RBftAL.-fhp Governor- will receive ladies and gciijdcmpn at Government House on Thursday next, the 16th. 31st., from 3 to 6 pm. MJHISTKUIAL. TRU'.-'TIIO Premier and Colonial Secretary will leave town this morning by express train, on a visit to the north-western part of the colony. The following will be their itinerary: Ministers will reach Latrobe this evening, where they will stay the night, going forward to Kum Wyly the following day, At Emu Bay, over. Giblin will address the qonat¡tt,ont8'. Cln Wednesday, Table Cape will be reached, and Circular Head on the following day. Here Ministers will stay till Saturday, when they will return to '('able Cape. On Monday they will arrive at Mount Bischoff, and Mr. Giblin will address his constituents there in the evening. Here they will stay until Wednesday, when they return to Emu Bay. On Thursday, the Ministers will come back to Latrobe and on Friday they will arrive at Hobart, THE UAWD015H.M.& NELSON This band performed in the Botanical Gardens on Saturday afternoon from 3 to 5, and their admirable playing was a source of great enjoyment to the large number of persons present. The following programme was gone through:-Marah, " Wedding," Mendelssohn 2 Selection, Faust, Gounod ; Waltz, " Blue Alsa piano," Lamothe S Sastri ed As! if Trovatore, Verdi; Polqnaisc, 'Theatre.' Prince of Oldenburgh : Selection, Fra Diavolo, Auber j Wales, " Olivette," D'Albert; The Queen," THE BOYS' HOME Through the kindness and courtesy of Commodore Erskine, of H.M.S. Nelson, the boys of the Boys' Home were invited to visit his ship on Saturday at 3 p.m. Accordingly at that hour the boys, under the care of Mr. W. Reilly, Superintendent of the films, and screen. painted by Mr. J. M. Hammel t, Bursary, em barked in a steam launch kindly sent for them by the Commodore at the Prince's steps, and were taken off to the ship, The boys were shown all over the VWRCI, and a crest rummy things explained to them. It was amusing to see the delight and surprise of the boys at the size of the ship, guns, etc. After an hour's inspection the party re-embarked, greatly pleased with their visit, and the kindness they had received. INTERCOLONIAL FILEs By the P.-. Mangana, which arrived at Launceston on Saturday, from Melbourne, we received the following files of intercolonial papers Victoria, 9th and 10th inst. ; New South Wales, 7th and 8th inst.; and New Zealand, 25th ult. to 2nd instant. CORRECTION. An error occurred in Friday's issue in a paragraph relating to the appointment of Mr. Charles J. Pike as House Surgeon to the University College Hospital, London, It was stated that he obtained a Tasmanian Scholarship in 1875. Mr. Pike failed to win the Scholarship, although he ran such a close race with the successful candidates for it (losing by only one mark that he is generally credited with being a Scholar. PUBLICATION We have received from Messrs. Walch and Sons the AustralasianHhtcher for March 11\. The number is up to the usual standard of general excellence, although the state of rnaUjng a frontispiece of a series of what can only be regarded as amusing caricatures of the kingfish and Australian cricketers, is somewhat questionable. The masterpiece of the issue is the sketch entitled " A Struggle for Mastery," in which the artist has graphically delineated the efforts of a wild buckjumping horse to throw his rider, and those of a powerful resolute squatter to reduce his animal to subjection. No one can doubt which way the struggle will end, for the rider was evidently not born to be thrown on this occasion. On the opposite page is an elaborate representation of a harvest thanksgiving service at South Yarra, In this, as in other of the sketches, the lithographer does inadequate justice to the sketcher, the faces having such a black appearance that the good folk depicted might in general pass for people of colour. The photographs are of Mr. J. B Howe, Bijou Theatre, and Colonel Bruce Hutton, lately appointed to the temporary command of the Victorian Volunteers. There is a page of sketches at the Melbourne Hospital, and another of incidents at the Argus picnic, The other illustrations are "Native Settlement, Rewa River, Fiji ; " " Scene from The Professor, Princess Theatre, Melbourne ; " and " Large Dredge for Dunedin." The letter-press is concise and interesting. ' < EASTER CARDS. Our annual parcel of Eiator cards; which we on Saturday received from Messrs. J. Walch and Sons, reminds us once more that the great festive season of the Christian Church will soon be here, when throughout Christendom all true hearts will be filled with joy. Year by year we know that the custom is becoming more and more general to commemorate this happy time by forwarding to friends those beautiful cards, which, like good words, cost little and are worth much; and whatahallwesayofthoso before us? Better than ever, certainly they are, but they deserve more praise than that, for not only are they the best we have ever seen, but they have artistic beauty of design and execution, which both delight and surprise us. Our first thought was to attempt to describe a few of them, but our second thought, proverbially the best, is to advise all to go to Messrs. Walch's and judge for themselves. A MANUSCRIPT OF THE MEAD-The Message. cCAthtnes is our authority for the following statement, which that paper says-and we can well believe it is causing great excitement among the literary circles of Athens A well-known professor has had the rare good fortune to discover in an Athenian monastery a papyrus, which is nothing less than a M.S of the Iliad written about the year 303 B o. The writer of this treasure is said to be an Athenian named Theophrastus. Andronikus, the nephew of the last Byzantine Emperor. Constantine Paloologus, took it with him to Mount Athos, when he went there to end his days. If all this be true, more details will be impatiently expected. BOAT RACE A skiff race for-it was under- stood £5 a side was contested on Saturday afternoon, between Joseph Watson and R. H. Allomes, Bellerive rowers. The course was marked out in the Kangaroo Bay, and was a mile in length. The competitors turned out in short skiffs, and pulled round the course seemingly on very friendly terms, as if they were simply having practice. At one time Allomes was ahead, and at other times Watson, Especially in the vicinity of the buoys Allomes appeared to make room for his opponent. The rowers finished almost abreast of one another, but Allomes was designated winner, SOUTHERN TASMANIAN AGRICULTURAL AND PASTORAL SOCIETY-On are requested to remind members and others interested in this society that the annual meeting will be held in the Courtroom of the Town Hall tomorrow (Tuesday) evening; the President (hon. N.J. Brown) will take the chair at 8 o'clock. It is to be hoped, besides the town members, that as many country supporters as possibles will endeavour to be present. As a rule there is too little interest taken in the annual meetings, which is a poor compliment to those gentlemen who work throughout the year in the further ance of a good cause, and is not much encourage- ment for others to come in and assist. As several of the leading citizens will assist at the meeting a better attendance than usual is anticipated. Country members and others desirous of making any suggestions for future management of the society should not lose the opportunity of putting forward their views. Yu OLDE ENGLISHE FAYRE -As the public already know Hobart is not to be behind Melbourne and Sydney in the way of English Fayre, but is to have one of Ye Fayre. Merrie England all to herself, and right glad public of this city should he of this, and s., should one and all patronise the Fayre which is to be commenced in the Theatre Royal this evening, and show that they appreciate the enterprise of Mr. Walter Reynolds. The interior of the theatre has been entirely changed, and the habitue of this place of amusement would hardly know it. A street, lined on either side with quaintly- built houses of the olde English style has been formed, and shows and amusements in keeping with such entertainments as they were a couple of centuries ago will be going from the opening to the closing of the Fayre. A Chelsea Ban-shop will form a chief attraction, and will doubtless be well patronised. Fun will be provided for everybody, and mirth and laughter will be the order of the hour. Mr. FRKDHBIO MCCADE. As already announced, Mr. Maccabe will make his first appear-, once in Hobart at the Town Hall this evening. The nature of Mr. Maccabn'a performances, so far as it can be gathered from description, has been referred to in a former years. There is no doubt that the entertainment is outside of the ordinary run of amusements, and that it attracted large crowds in Sydney, and Melbourne. As He haTh people are by no means back yard in their appreciation of fun, Mr. Maccabe may expect equally large houses here. CONCERT AT SuKtsuL.-A concert in aid of the local institute was given at Sorell on Friday. The New Town cricketers, who. had been engaged in a in at on there during the day, assisted in the performance. The affair passed off, very successfully, the' musical efforts of the visitors being highly appreciated. TEMF/ERANGJR MEETING-The blue jackets belonging to the Good Templars' Order gave a very pleasant evening's amusement at the Alliance Rooms, Macquarie- street, on Saturday evening. Recitations, songs, and speeches, with an occasional piano solo, occupied, the two hours' devoted to harmony. Previous to the public being admitted, l a lodge meeting was held. The attendance at the public meeting was good, and the applause very enthusiastic. Mr. H. Denny, J.?., a Victorian magistrate, and a well-known writer under the nomdeplunxi of Silverton,'" gave a short address, and was attentively listened to. Mr. Glenny Bug I rested the advisability of " silting-up " (to use an Americanism) the next meeting read, and believed by this means their hall would be crowded. Votes of thanks were unanimously given to the speakers, Bingera, and lady instrumentalists. [the sailor toototalersdeserve great professor their disinterested efforts in the c,4U.eeroi Good Templary j and it was understood from the hints thrown out by - any influential temperance man present that their visit has resulted in great good to the cause. BALFE MEMORIAL. Messrs. J. Watchorn (chairman), G. Fleming, J. Russell, P, O'Shea, N Gray, R. Bell, R. Holroyd, O. Bradley, members of com- mitteR. Q. Fitgiiinniou8(hftüar'ary6eoretar.v)l and B,. Mulley (contractor), on Saturday evening, paid a visit to the memorial monument erected in Cornelian Bay Cemetery, to the memory of the late J. D. Balfe, The monument is artistic in design an Irish cross cut out of bluestone, having a white marble tablet inserted in the centre, with a raised shamrock on three portions of the cross, a raised I. H. S. in the panel between the roping a pulsed harp underneath it and above the inscription. The grave and monument are unwounded by an enriched iron railing, The design, in its chaste and elaborate workmanship, is the most attractive in the burial ground, and reflects credit upon Mr. Hunter, Mr. Molloy, the contractor, and the Balfe Memorial Committee. The inscription on the monument by the committee is This memorial has been erected by his fellow- colonists, as a mark of respect, to John Donnellan Balfe, Esq., member of Parliament. Born 8th January, 1810. Died 18th December, 1889." By the members of the family of the deceased, the following words were added i-" We have loved him through life, let us not abandon him until we have conducted him by our prayers into the eternal tabernacles," CITY POLICE COURT-The Police Magistrate and Mr. J. T Robertson, J.P., presided at this Court on Saturday, A man for drunkenness in Murray-street was fined 10s. 6d., with the alterna- live of 14 days' imprisonment ; and another for a like offence stew Town, was fined 5s., or, in default of payment, to go to prison for seven days. Charlotte Welsh pleaded guilty to disturbing the peace in Liverpool-street on the previous evening, and was fined 10s. 6d,, or, in default, 14 (days'' imprisonment. George Farnfield, a youth, was charged as an idle and disorderly person, with being on the premises of Mrs, Cawthray, in Wentworth-street, far an unlawful purpose. It appeared from the evidence that Mrs. Cawthray, who is a widow, lives by herself in Wentworth street. During her absence from home, early on the morning of the 23rd ult., the prisoner and a lad, named Mullane, got into an unoccupied cottage where she kept her Stores. They ransacked the cupboards, and helped themselves to a jar or two of jam and some cake. They were discovered by Mrs. Cawtbray's son, who lives in Macquarie-street, MKI happened to be passing his mother's premises. lIuoverheardFaiufic-ld say to Mullane, <' We will put the jars back straight. We have a key by which we cangptjiiat any girls; and we will give the old woman a brusher' (t e. a clean sweep of the good things). The young fellows thou BIW Cawthray observing them, and decamped, but Cawthray caught Mullane, who has been sentenced to three months' imprisonment for his part in the affair. Farnfield getaway, and has been in hiding at New Norfolk, where he was arrested by the police. The prisoner, who said nothing in defence, was sentenced to three months' imprisonment with hard labour, and the Bench made an order that he should be kept apart from the other prisoners. George Fry was charged with assaulting and boating John Evans, on the 29th ult. Mr. Crisp defended accused. The complainant lives on the Cascade road, and on the day in question had a dispute with the woman with whom he lives. They came to blows, and the prisoner and a woman, who were in the house, interfered, A" the parties were under the influence of liquor and in the struggle Evans received a black eye, and a fracture of the jaw. It was depose that the prisoner struck complainant, and kicked him as he lay on the ground. Mr. Crisp pointed out in consistencies in the evidence for the prosecution, and said his instructions were that the injury to the jaw of the complainant was caused by his falling on the hearthstone. Mr. Crisp called Alice Bellinger in support of his statement. The Bench, as the evidence was contradictory and confusing, gave the prisoner the benefit of the doubt, and dismissed the case. LAUNCESTON POLICE COURT-At this Court on Saturday, Mary Hall was charged with being idle and disorderly, lodging in an outhouse, and having no visible means of support, and was sentenced to 14 days' imprisonment. Catherine Flowers, charged with using obscene language, pleaded guilty. Mr. Murray stated that he had frequently to chastise persons of her occupation for this offence, and it was one he meant to put down if possible, he therefore sentenced her to 14 days' imprisonment, telling her not to appear before him any more., Alfred Blades, charged with obtaining 20s. under false pretences, was remanded till Tuesday. John Thompson was charged with stealing two shoe brushes, and remanded till Tuesday. The call cases of the Now Monkland G.M. Co., which were to he heard,' were withdrawn. TAMAR REGATTA The boat race to decide the protest entered by the Calamia against the Tamar in the late regatta on the Tamar, took place on Saturday afternoon, and proved an easy victory for the former boat, which took the lead at the" start and kept it all through the race, gaining rapidly at every turn. PORT ESPERANCE REGATTA The following were the results of those races not given in our report of the Port Esperance finals in Saturday's issue : Four-oared Race I'll Try, 1 ; Shamrock, 2. Race for vessels under 20 tons, used for purposes of trade Annie Ward. 1 ; Eveline, 2. Sailing Race, open to all, for open boats Winnie, 1 ¡ Polly, 2 ; Minx, 3. NEW CALEDONIAN ITEMS The following items come by way of Sydney A man named Odey, the keeper of a wine shop at Noumea, deliberately shot his wife with a revolver in a fit of jealousy, and then blew out his own brains. The parties had only recently arrived from France. A bill attempt at escape was made on the 22nd ult. by six convicts not He Now. They, in broad daylight and in the presence of the guards, seized a boat which, as usual, had arrived in the early morning with rations from Noumea. They dashed into the boat, throw the crew into the water, and tried to make off with the boat. The surveillance fired upon them, killed one, and wounded three of the others, one seriously. This put an end to the insane attempt, for the convicts had not a ghost of a chance of succeeding in their efforts. Both batteries and the band of the Volunteer Artillery Corps will assemble at the drill-yard at 736 this evening. Members of the Tasmanian Permanent Building Society are reminded that payments for March must be made not later than Tuesday. Applications are invited for the position of Assistant House Surgeon and Dispenser to the Hobart General Hospital. A grand concert and ball, under the auspices of the Hibernian Society, will take place in St Peter's Hall on Friday evening. Nominations for the Campbell. Town not, to be i Mid OF Match 20, CJOK to-day, 