sam's sweetheart; BY HELEN B. MATHERS, Author of n Oomik1 Theo' the Bye," "Cheery Ripe," etc. BOOK n. Chapter V. Ye couldna see her lilie feet, Binnorie, O Binnorie ; Her gowden fringes were sae deep, By the bonnie mill dams o' Binnorie. The girl had disappeared like & flash of green light along the water's edge, but once out of sight of the encampment, she went more slowly, and once or twice stamped her foot on the grass and clenched her slender hands, then, looking down at her brown limbs, blushed vividly with the first sensation of Bhame at her half-nakedness that she had ever known. 4 He treats me like a savage,' she thought, and then could have cried for auger, knowing that she was one. Till to-day she had been proud of her birthright of unfettered freedom, and would not have exchanged it for that narrow civilised life of which she had vaguely beard, and unfeignedly pitied the men and women foroed to conform to it. To be clothed all over except the tips of your nose and fingers; to go to bed at morn ing and wake at night ; to eat when you are not hungry; to drink fire-water, and not honour your parents, and live in stifling dwellings that cannot be shifted according to the season of the year — now to the river, now to the forest, and again to the sea-coast, with the ever- shifting variety of food and land scape, without which the true-born savage would pine away and die — how could a do all these things, yet save himself from looking stolid, and contemptible, and ridicu lous—the very opposite, in short, of the man she had seen yesterday ? To be sure he was clothed, yet such clothing had not struck her as disgraceful or unbecoming, and he was able to use his limbs; to run almost as swiftly as herself. He had even accomplished & feat that Djarrah never had, for he had kissed her. She put both hands before her face and sat down suddenly by the river side, missing by merest accident the tail of a death-adder, who made no distinctions between beanty and Ugliness, and would have resented the weight of her charms as promptly as if she had been Monana. The yellow flowers of the aoacia drooped over and almoBt hid her shape, but a slight paddling sound that quickly approached made her look up to see her pets bending the green spikes of the arrow-grass beneath their jxmuuiuiooj auu iiiiAUotiug UUv UJ. olgut vllOSG Australian water-lilies that often reminded the settler of home. Soon there scrambled up the bank and almost into the girl's lap one of those sby and delicate creatures that for years baffled the comprehension of all scientific men and the naturalists, and on acquaintance turned out to be the most gamesome, loving of play fellows, whose antics would mend a sore heart or make a misanthrope laugh against his will. Its small, brilliant eye sought hers with almost a human look of sympathy ; its ears expanded and contracted as though eager to catch her lightest whisper, while its heart palpitated violently as though in fear of a repulse. Its rosy beak and smooth, clean fur, as It leaned to the young girl, did her no discredit ; but soon noticing her distraction it stretched out Its forepaws and, opening its bill, yawned profoundly. To see a duck yawn is apt to tickle one with laughter, and Yuntha was not insensible to the comedy of this interruption to her thoughts, though when she roused herself to turn to her pet, it was only to see him inclining his body to one side and scratching himself in the politest manner imaginable. She burst out laughing; and did not start when a harsher echo reached her and there slipped from behind an adjacent gum tree a blaok man, whom she received with a smile and a look of welcome that reflected itself on his features as he sat down beside her, the water-mole and he making an odd pair of admirers that there was nobody, save the girl and the river, to smile at. The water-mole looked natural, the man incongruous and out of harmony with his surroundings. True, he was as respectably naked, as rigidly innocent of soap and water as the best-bred aborigine ; his hair had the regulation orisp cnrl, and his long sinewy hands spoke to the manner of his existence, but on the other hand he had calves to his legs, his shoulders were square and broad, and instead of the dark brilliant eye of the savage, a small grey one looked out from the surrounding black of bis counte nance with an amount of speculation in it by no means common to the tribe to which he was supposed to belong. 4 Billy,' exclaimed the girl, almost before he had seated himself, 4 what do you think? I've seen a white man !' 4 Have you, indeed?' said the black, looking cautiously round to see if any birds of the air were listening. 4 But speak lower, my dear, for I'm dumb, and you don't know a word of English.' 4 Do all white men try to kiss white girlB the first time they see them ?' said Yuntha, turning her head aside, and stroking the rich fur of her pet. 4 That depends on the woman,' said Billy, looking keenly at her half-averted face ; 4 if she was forward-like — 4 But I went backwards,' cried the girl, looking round. 4 1 led him nearly a mile before ' 4 Too much backwardness is sometimes as provocating as too much invitation,' said Billy, in a voice of rebuke, 4 and for a young maid like you, kissing is not the becomingest occupation in the world.' 4 Does kissing mean love ?' she said, look- ing earnestly at Billy. 4 No— play.' I 4 Then English maidens must always be playing,' said the girl, for he did it quite naturally, just as if he were used to it. 4 P'r'aps 'twas your colour beguiled him,' said Billy, looking at her in a puzzled way : 4 blessed if you don't look browner than ever, to-day.' The girl blushed— Bhe had her womanish secrets even from him — then said : 4 Isn't it beautiful to be brown, Billy V 4 It's the only right, the proper colour,' said Billy, gravely, 4 and there's no denying that you're a most delicious spectacle . . . And did he frighten you very much, my dear?' he added, looking at the girl with a great air of innocence. He met the glance of two indignant eyes, before which his own sank. 4 Billy,' she said, 4 you have deceived me. You said white men were monsters, that they had no red blood in their veins, that their eyes were pink — and this man is beautiful — I saw the colour of hie blood when it was spilt at my feet, and his eyes are blue !' 4 Pink or blue,' said Billy deprecatingly. I was always a little mixed in my colours. And so you think he's beautiful? I never could abide that skin, for all the world aB if he'd seen a ghost once and never got over his fright; 4 Billy; she cried, 4 why do you hate the white people so ? Were they unkind to you when you lived among them?' 4 Hush !' he said, looking round anxiously. 4 We've kept our secret a good many years now, dear— it must be nigh upon fourteen, perhaps, since I found yon playing here with the water-moles, and you the trioksieBt of them all; 4 And when grandmother came and found me asleep in your arms, you put your finger on your lips and pretended to be dumb,' said the girl, laughing. 4 But oh ! Billy, what a lot we have talked since then !' 4 And Pve taught you the language,' said Billy, proudly. You only knew a broken word or two when I took yon in hand, and now you're as elegant as if you'd been to a young ladies' seminary; 4 What's that ?' said Yuntha, adding in the same breath, and with a little anxiety in her voice, 4 Billy, would you be angry if you knew that I'd kept a secret from you for a long time?' it a matter of-sweethearting, my dear?' hesaid, turning quickly to look at her, and thinking that no white woman could ever be ao beautiful as a brown one. 4 No,' said the girl, and blushed. 4 There Ib only Djanrah . . . but you didn't teach me English, Billy — not quite all — for grand mother knows it.' 4 And she ksows tfa&t; I know it; said Billy, recoiling, and putting up his hand to hissoalp as though he already felt it loose. Yuntha burst out laughing, and at the sound of her voice, the watermoles, repulsed by her neglect, once more approached, bat her mind was too fall or other matters, and they frolicked off again like two young puppies m their native element. 'Billy,' she said, slyly, 4 why do you never tfckea bath?' I daren't wash myself, my dear ; they suspect me if I did ; and that black dye does wear off so confoundedly, 'he added, inaudibly, but as the girl's blue eyes met his he oould have sworn that she had heard him. 4 And Monana ?' he said, anxiously, not sure of his soalp yet. v 4 She talks English in her sleep, and she mutters it when awake,' said the girl, 4 and between the two she's told me almost every thing you wouldn't; Billy eat like one transfixed, then, plucking up heart of grace, said : 4 And now that you know all about it, which would you have liked to be, my dear, black or white V If you had asked me that yesterday morning,' said Yuntha, turning her head so that he could not see her face 4 1 would have scorned to be different to Djarrah and his people; but to-day,' and here the oolour leaped to her cheek, 4 1 would not be ashamed to stand up and own myself a white woman.' 4 As a sort of match to the man you've seen to-day, ' said Billy meditatively. 4 And so he's beautiful, and I never saw but one man that in all my days. Has he got yellow hair,' he added, with a keen suspicion, 4 and is be old enough to be — to be your father, mv dear?' 4 His hair is as yellow a3 those flowers,' and she lifted her dusky head toward the blossoms overhead. 4 But do English fathers value their lives at less than a kiss, Billy, even if they do marry .when they are ten years old?' 4 And so it was a kiss that spilt his blood at your feet,' said Billy drily ; 4 and were you willing, my dear, and how did it all happen?' 4 1 was dancing,' she said, 4 and looking in my glass' — she pointed to the river — 4 when somebody seized me — but he didn't more than half kiss me then !' And what did you do ?' said Billy. 4 Boxed his ears.' 4 He must have thought you uncommon civilised for an aborigine,' said Billy ; 4 and naturally he kissed you again, or I suppose he tried?' 4 Of course, he tried; said Yuntha, who was not altogether ignorant of the soft assaults . of love ; 4 but, as I told you, I ran away — backwards!' 4 And what did he do V 4 Ran after me, to be sure 1' 4 And you let him catch you,' said Billy in a tone oi disgust, — 4 a young slipper thing like you, with none of them stays, and boots, and heathenish contrivances for robbing a maid of her wind; 4 He didn't catch me — I stopped; the girl said and sighed ; 4 but, O ! Billy, I never knew before how delightful a thing was running away !' The black looked suspiciously at her, and shook his head. 4 P'r'aps you liked being caught better ?' .he suggested. But her face had changed, and the tears were in her eyes as she pressed her hand to her green bodice and said : 4 It was a wicked bit of fun, Billy, for it nearly cost him his life.' 4 Hot potted from behind a blue gum, I s'pose,' said Billy, airily, — 4 a little accident that commonly happens to whites visiting these parts. And is he dead, my dear V 4 No,' she said, in a tone of such indigna tion that Billy st&red;'&t; her, 4 he is only — only sound asleep.' So you'd like him to be awake, aud dancing after you?' said the black, drily. 4 He is closely guarded in his miam,' said Yuntha, proudly. 4 Bat don't you think, Billy,' she added, coaxingly — 1 don't you think he might have stayed awake on the chance of getting a peep at me?' 4 You're falling in love with him, my dear,' replied Billy, placidly, 4 and that's a mis take.' 4 Don't white men ever fall in love with brown women ?' said Yuntha, a mischievous smile arching her exquisite mouth. « 4 They love and ride away,' said the black, sententiously : and it was curious how in his long service with white people he seemed to have picked up not only their phrases but their songs, so that in Yuntha's opinion he was a very well-read person indeed. 4 Anil fhoTT TJ 1L. . , uvrc uuuio i ceuu tuts girl. ' Not unless they're fetched — and a lover that's called for like a parcel moBtly turns ?u\a. ver Poor article, and not worth the booking fee,' said Billy, with decision. 4 Do you think I should ever call for a lover like that, Billy ? she said, with a proud young glance that rebutted the elderly man's experience, and then she laughed and added, 4 supposing there's nobody to fetch?' . ' 4 If you'd been white,' said Billy, slowly, 4 and you'd been set up in civilised parts, there's lovers that 'ud have come from every part of the world to fetch you , and that popinjay who kissed you yesterday 'ud never dare to insult you so. But being brown ' 4 He did not despise me,' said the girl, hanging her head, 4 and it is not a disgrace to be brown. . . All my life you have taugbt methat white people are monsters, and that white blood was something to be ashamed of, so that till to-day the browner I was the more pride I took in myself and my tribe, and scorned those of others ... but now I know that you have lied to me, Billy, and that it is the whites who are masters, aud we who are theelaves!' Billy looked like a detected thief, and said nothing. 4 Could a black man have faced more perils and dangers to reach our valley,' cried the girl warmly, 4 or be braver and — and more audacious (here she blushed) in following a girl into the ery jaws of a hostile camp ? And perhaps it was very rude of him, Billy (here she blushed the more) ; but would any black man, even Djarrah, be ready to throw his life away just for one little kiss V 4 I'm ashamed of you, miss,' said Billy, regarding her with great severity, 4 it's dis graceful enough for a young maid's lips to be assaulted without her taking a pride in such an unbecoming situation !' 4 1 like a man who won't be beaten,' cried the girl, with a flush in her blue eyes that startled Billy into recollection of a pair that he hated ; 4 if he had run for his life when he saw the spear in Djarrah's hand, I should have despised him with all my soul !' 4 And when do they mean to kill him?' said Billy placidly v 4 Kill him !' she faltered ; 4 Djarrah will not let them do that. . . He is under Djarrah's protection, and even Monana dares not harm him !' 4 Djarrah is a rash man,' said Billy, 4 and will be punished for his trust. The white man will betray him, and the fate of every brown woman who loves the enemy of her race will be yours.' 4 My mother's fate shall never be mine!' cried the girl, proudly, adding in the same breath, 4 was she like me, Billy V I don't know,' said the black, 4 for I never saw her— p'r'aps you took after yourfather; he added cautiously. She turned swiftly and put her slender hand on his arm. 4 Billy,' she cried, 4 did you know it all along — what I was ashamed to tell you — that I thought such a disgrace till yesterday — that my father was white V 4 I've heard whispers of it; said Billy ; 4 but_ the disgrace was not of your own making, my dear, and to be ;sure nobody 'ud ever think of visiting it upon you !' 4 It is no disgrace,' she cried indignantly, then blushed, and looked down at her beautiful bare limbs. 4 Oh, Billy !' she cried, with almost a sob, 4 if only there were some water in the world that would wash them white !' The black man looked at her aghast — so this was the result of all his fulminations against the white race. 4 It's love at first sight, surely,' he said, shaking his curly head ; 4 but you might be more modest over it, my dear, even when talking to an old blackfellow like me!' The girl laughed roguishly, but her laughter only hid a tear as she said : 4 1 wonder if my mother fell in love like that?' 4 Most foolish actions is done on the hop, like,' said Billy, drily : 4 it's our good deeas that we take as long to get ready for as a cold bath at Christmas.' 4 He would not have dared to try and kiss me if I had been white, would he, Billy?' said the girl in an ashamed voice, and with her head tamed away. 4 Women are women,' said Billy judicially,' and whether white, brown, or black, what they want they'll mostly get — even to such a trifle as a kiss.' 4 Is it a trifle?' said Yuntha, not looking round. 4 Kiss and bliss,' said Billy meditatively, 4 that's how those — poets make things rhyme ; but in real life things sorts them selves out differently, and something more than kissing's wanted to furnish out a house and trimmings.' 4 A house 1' said Yuntha, gazing at the river, 4 that means four walls, and no air or sun — a place to stifle and die in — no one would wish love to furnish that !' 4 There's men,' said Billy, deliberately, 4 that sell their souls, consciences, bodies, their very lives, to call themselves owners of four walls, and go through life without a bit of pleasure, without even having time to look at the stars, because they've sold themselves to keep up appearances.' 4 What are appearances ?' said Yuntha. € AtTTH A# OTTAVtrf Ilin/T in 1 ifo fllisf'o TTTAwfTl kjuauuno OTCAJ VUlUg 1U AAAQ ITUOU O VT VAOU having,' said Billy, with vigour ; 4 and that's why I've always thought, my dear, that this was the best sort of life for you, after all, and how you'd sicken and pine away if ever you were taken out of your green forests and your free ways. The smoke in the city would choke you, and you'd run away from it all, and never stop running till you'd got back here to your own people.' 4 Billy,' said the girl, looking at him earnestly, 4 did you ever see my father ?' 4 You were s'posed to be an orphan, and were living with Monana when I settled down on the tail of the camp twelve years ago,' said Billy, meditatively; 4 and that he's never showed the tip of his nose in these parts, I'll swear.' 4 Had he blue eyes like me, I wonder ?' said Yuntha. 4 Who told you your eyes were blue ?' said Billy, sharply. The girl pointed to the river. 4 Well; said Billy, in a grumbling tone, 4 to be sure it's your misfortune and not your fault that a bit of the sky's got into your face, but if Djarrah don't mind overlooking it, it's no coneern of anybody else.' 'Djarrah is not the only man in the w.? 8aid YtHrtha, proudly, but started violently as an English voice at her elbow remarked, 4 No, here's another,' and without turning she knew that the Englishman had escaped from his miam and stood beside her. Chapter VI. Fov wn to theBroomfield Hill, .. xell find your love asleep, With a silver belt aronnd his head, And a broon cow at his feet. The purity of Yuntha's complexion was quite restored in the Englishman's eyes when he awoke. He had dreamed of her, and she had mocked him, and fired his blood anew as she ed him a chase that ended in his seizing her on y that she had changed into another woman who had probably never run away from him or any other man in her life. He woke determined to reverse the disap. pomtment of his dream, and on looking through the boughs discovered a state of things that seemed to lend itself favourably to his resolve, for the whole encampment appeared to be absent or asleep, and while the old witch Monana nodded outside her miam, the old man set as watch over him was sitting bolt upright in a slumber that must have been happy, to judge by the serene smile that illumined his features. \- did not waste much time in hesitation, but with his coat hanging from one shoulder, lifted the mat that formed his doorway and stepped boldly out. For a moment the glare blinded him after the cool shadow of his miam, then bareheaded he crossed to where Monana sat, and without stopping to see whether she only simulated sleep, or really slept, he thrust aside the curtain and looked in. It was empty — that ring of emerald couch- grass. That hideous janitor had fooled him as to her retreat, and no doubt she was laughing at him from the shelter of one of the women's huts, or trysting with Djarrah at some point equidistant from the hunters and the camp. But this green chamber was hers, and his fastidious eye, while embracing its details at a glance, acknowledged that no English maiden could have rivalled it in purity and refinement, and made him the keener in his search for her, though as to what direction that search should take he was uncertain. The old witch had stirred and muttered as he brushed against her, but slept on, and, save the old man, no living soul was within the Englishman's ken as he turned to the river— cool, sparkling, lovely— and thought that a header into it offered more nhrrr even than the pursuit of a brown coquette. Here, too, was his chance of escape perhaps mercifully placed in his way by Djarrah, and winked at by Monana, who only desired his disappearance from the scene. But in this he was only partly right, for while the old aborigine only simulated sleep, and wished the Englishman to get away, Monana, secure in his guardianship of the foe enjoyed in dreams the vengeance she was secretly preparing to wreak upon the young man's head, and was happy. The stranger's keen eye swept the women's quarter in vain — each miam was mute, eyeless, without a sign or sound of any living thing within, and to search them would be folly when moments were golden, and at any moment a spear in his back might pay his debt to nature without any reference to his own personal feelings. Nevertheless there was no particular hurry, he thought, as he turned his face to the river, and stood for a minute beneath the shade of a tree ; he would Btroll a little way, and, if pursued, take to the water, and make up his mind there as to what he wanted. Soon he forgot himself and the smart of his shoulder in admiration of his surround ings. No English river was ever bordered more beautifully than this one with its fragrant yellow blossom, its lofty gum trees and dark swamp oaks that at a little dis tance resembled firs and vividly recalled a home landscape. Here, too, rose tall and stately such rteds as in silent armies guard our village streams, and here clustered in bunches of white fl nWTfiVB 1.1 J uixguu t/iiuiBuu ixruiu iiio nauve raspberry— crude, sour, but by its flavour transporting the Englishman, who plucked and ate, to a certain garden where he had once gathered an improved version of the fruit, and at the same time became pos sessor of a commodity that he did not pari ticularly want. There was not a sound from the camp at his back, nor did there seem any danger ahead as he idled along with his hands behind him, half expecting to hear a light footstep and see the provoking lips and lovely limbs of the first woman who had ever laughed at and defied him. He felt the fleeting touch of those velvet lips yet, and the lissom waiBt that his hands bad spanned had given him a new sensation as to the elasticity of a woman's body. And to find a pride of glance in an aborigine that matched his own, combined with a spirit that beat his, was another of those odd discoveries to which he had more than once found himself committed, hk opinion of woman as game superior to any other kind that earth affords. Involuntarily the hand that he had lifted to strip off his shooting-jacket halted and dropped to his side. The proprietors of 44 The Weekly Tunes" have ictoriaT right of publishing this novel in Safety, honour, ah the traditions of a life that was of some value in this world's mart lay on the other., side of the river, and on . this hither one ho more than the chance of seeing a savage beaten on her own ground and by her own weapons. To punish her — to make her suffer, above all to be recognised as her master — these considerations kept his coat hanging to his shoulder, and sent him farther on his path by the river's edge, 'but all at once he stopped, and was on the point of retracing his steps, when the echo of a girl's voice reached him, and in the wink of an eyelid he had recog nised it for Tuntha's. His pulses leaped as he went forward— the hurry of his steps Btartled and brought him presently to a halt. He was probably rushing to disenchantment, and if the girl once permitted herself to be j caught, he might swim the river (now becom- ' ing deep and broad), and return heart-whole to his kangaroo hunting and his ulterior duties. But these were scarcely in his mind as, after that brief battle between inclination and common sense, he stole softly as any aborigine on the pair seated beneath the acacia, and prepared to overhear their con versation without any particular sensation of eaves-dropping. The girl's back suggested rather less of her shape than an average English -maiden's might at a ball, but that of her companion struok the stranger with a curious sort of recognition, as one who perceives ancient landmarks in a strange city. Their language amazed him, and a sense of unreality, as though he were dreaming in Inroad daylight, seized him as he listened to tueir talk, and realised that they, could feel and think in his own language, while possess ing all the originality and power of their own race. He had approached too late to gather the secret of her birth ; but was now able to understand the slyness of her laughter yester day when he vowed that he would seize her. And at last, and wishing to score his surprise before he might be hindered from pure laok of breath (otherwise potted from the rear) he made the common- place remark that has been above recorded, but 'the effect of which has not been described upon the pair, on whom it exploded with the force of a bombshell. (TO BE CONTINUED.) 