' HOW SHE HOOKED HIM. 'Do you moan it, father V said Tivian Me haffy. ,' Yes, I mean it,' replied the father, Aristides Mehaffy. ' Marry this girl if you choose, but if you do, not a penDy of mine ahall you have.' ? * ?- ? ? * ? Two hours have pasaed. So have seven or sight horse-oars, but. the one for whioh Vivian is waiting finally comes along, and Boon lands him at the door of Pericles O'Bourko's house. Ethelberta is sitting in her boudoir (high-toned word for room). ?I have bad news for you, my darlinjr,' Vivian says, in sad tones, while a don'tbluff oriyou-wul-D6-called look comes over h'iB face. ' My father and I have quarrelled, and he has disinherited me. I have' — and hero his voice quivered slightly — ' been given the b. g. on your acconnt. I am a beggar, Bertie.' Her soft, dusky eyes grow wider and more seriouB. ? ' -. ?, ? Yes,' he continued, ' I am poor. It means that I must give you np, for I cannot ask yon to share life with me on a thousand a year.' She looked at him with a rich, crimaon flush surging into her cheeks. If it had been a fall, Vivian would probably have gone under, but a flush oould never scare him, '?Vivian,' she said, passionately, 'do you think I will let you give me np P I love you tod well for that. A beggar or a prince, you are the same to mo.' Three months later,, on a golden December afternoon, with a blue sky, an in June, there was a grand wedding at the O'Eonrke mansion. As Vivian and Ethelberta were entering the carriage that was to bear them to the depot, she looked at him with, a weirdly preoious smile. ' ' And so you would not desert me, darling,' he said, ' even when you' thought I wbb poor ?' ?No, my preoious one,'' was the reply. 'I learned long ago thnt a suoker once off the hook will never bite again, and your father and I put up the job so as to land you a little quicker.' The Bitbh Bit.— There wag quite a scene in the Galveston court-house the other day. A young lawyer had just finished an impassioned appeal, anddropped,ashe thought into his chair but missed the chair. Ae he struck tho floor there there waa an explosion, as if a young cannon hud boeu fired, creating much excitement- The prevailing opinion was that a pistol had ex ploded in his hip-pocket ;. but upon raising him up, it was found he had flattened out a beautitul silk hat. It seems that an old but rookless member of tho bar was to blame for the explosion. When tho younger lawyer was about to ait down the elder pulled the ohair away, bat he had forgotten thnt hia own silk hat was under that very chair. The elder lawyer laughed boisterously until he identified the multilated hat as his own, and then he smiled such a sickly emilo that, had it beon photographed and cent to the Housten Board of Health, they would have been fully justified in quarantining it at once Ho said thit is no way for a man to try on a hat anyhow. — Texas Sifting*. Amonqst the epidemios oommon to Queens and must be included' Separation.' There is now another outbreak of it in the north, but it is in. a very mild form, and it does not appear likely to prove catohing. The patients, after the commencement of the attack, appear to sink into a state of languor, and the disease then works itself out without leaving any ill effects behind. Townsville and Oooktown have recently Buffered lroin tho epidemic, but both plaoes may now be considered entitled to clean bills of health. The lnst case ocenrred at Oooktown on the 18th inBtant. A public meeting was hold for the purpose of forming a separation leagno, and we are told by telegraph that there was only a small attendance, that only a few of the few present took any part in the proceedings, and that the meeting generally was a fiasco. The fact is the wise ones in the north realise that if separation is a privilege, it is rather an expen sive one— a kind of white elephant, in fact Parliamentary Government is a good thing, but it costs money ; and as it is well known that tho south provides the major part of the money lor it, the northerners see their gsin in allowing themselves to be governed in Briabane, ' Queen- Btrael' notwithstanding. — ' Town Talk' in The Week. How Omenb ake VfeaiFtRD. — Many persons would regard it aa an 3ff ront to be called super stitious, and yet they plaoa implioit confidence ia certain signs and omens. Suoh people oould not be prevailed upon to undertake a journoy on the sixth day of tbe week, they would per emptorily dooline to make the thirteenth guest at a dinner party, and will deolare that some one is lying about them when their loft ear burns. But they ridioulo tha idea of ghosts. Omens are of two kinds — those that are fulfilled, and thoso that are not. The illustrations here with appended have been gathered from authentio sources at tho expense of considerable time and labour. Readers will draw thoir own inf oronoOB. As ynucg Broughao left home one ploasant evening, 'he sow the now moon over hi3 right shoulder.' 'Aha !' he cheerfully observed jingling some coin in his pookots ; ' that's a good sign, I'll not be out of money for a fort night at least.' Two hours later ho was play ing pool at the Casino, and all tho money he had in his pockets when ho returned home at midnight was a penknife and threo I O U tickets. 'Whoever reads epitaphs loses his memory,' Ten years ago a friend lent Ferguson fifteen dollars, which he faithfully promisod to repay pn tho following Saturday night. Tho supposition ia that Ferguson read opitaphs ihe very day after esouring the loan, for hi3 memory, po fur r.s the 'fifteen dollars are ooncernod, is a total wreck. ' To break a look ing glass is a very ominous ocourrenoo.' A youngmorried man named Burhtono, living in New York, acoidently broke a mirror, and iu tho aftarnoou his wife, while repairing the lining of hia overcoat, found a highly perfumed note, in the inside pooket. Singularly enough she read it, and ' ominous ' very faintly ao f oribos the nature of tho ' occurrence' when hen husband returned home. Tho entertainment, without a aiuglo oncore, was worth double, the piiOB of uduiission ' JwuUows building in a chimney bring good luck lo a house.' A oolony of swallows pruampted squire Cobb's ohimney, and two weoka afterwards his house waa struok by lightning, and entirsly destroyed. Illustra Itions might bo multiplied, but sufficient have been giron to convince the most soeptical that shme omens aro verified in a most mystorious manner— or othorwise?— HarpiY'sUantMy* i i 