OUT Ol-~ THE Film.* J!v -lTiiNiiv Kkndm.i,. Hi w.is jottng wbun ho entiled Uml sphuu, Wliuio the nleiisuies of sin aic uUiiiiii.il, And n devil came eloso to Ins em, And wlusueicd, and tcmiitid, .mil gained On thu woild with the c)cs or a child Ho looked It was little bo know , And the bhui Iik who wen' aflei him snnlul With JO) at the iduudoi m view Hj ehnneu ho win, biiddenl) ^liecd Wheiulifuisafovei-.illunio, And pliuisilile raseals iiiikiu iiiuuu To lob him, and bung him to sh imu l'lom gieen uuicl finest lands huilcd Into ell), hu needed ,l guide, Jiut he hadn't a fiiuud in thu woild,j To tlniibt the Mick temntei abide JIo had monc)— a foilunu indeed . ISutmouu) meant nun to him, I'oi hu followed a blood sucking bleed Into deiib of imijuit)-— dim At tables of cauls mid of dice, Ho wasted his mums , mid hu know Bui the gluio mid the glnnioui of Vico In nights full of (jliUeiingdcw. Ah ' often bo lingeicd in tcaus, While morning walked ovei the sea, And thought of thu beautiful jeais, Whou his mates wuio the toiieut mid ticu. But em Aclntophel stood, ?With shining Ahobih between Tho spnits of uvil uud good ; And thu past became Diightness unseen Ono day when tho dunk binothcicd thought, liu met with a bhaipoi named Holt , And, iiiaiulliii mid muddled, ho bought A big, but an ill-looking colt But n btnble lad wlusncud, 'Wonoml ' On in) woid, tbeio is btull m The Scud ; lie will win a gicnt luco m tho end , But Holt duuBii't know ho hns'blodd.' In a inomeut of tioublo sirmemo, When woincd b) crcditoib coaise, Hope llubhed on hm hunt liko n beam — He thought of tho bo) ami the hoiso. And full ol lino nuinoie, bo bind — ' 1 will cast tbo foul devil uvvii), And load tho wluto life th it X led In thu light of tho happy old da) ' Nest morning ho spoke to tbo jouth ; And tbo bo) nibbed his hands m bis glee, And bind— with bib O)cs full of tiuth— 'Just lenvo him, mj uinstui, with mu ! Tho colt must eoniu out at Ins best ; And whou saddle and ndoi mo up, Ho will make tho fast Star of the West, And tbo lost of them, inovo foi 'ibo Cun.1 ' Tbo Cup wus tho incu of tho )enr, And twent) gland boises woio in 'The Scud,' cued thu 'touts' with u sncci, ' Is biuo to be last in tho ' spin.' ' But owuui winked hind with tho lad ; And imlo was tho aulleioi's face . Tho cliauco wiib the last that ho had — Ho bad bn/aidcd all on the nice. Tho day of thu mooting was d,uL Witbbittci wild wind dirt on nun— 'The blur has como lit to thu mink,' Saul tho mob, ' ami he'll win it again !' Tho betting was linsk, when thu hoi so Of thu season enino out of his tltnll, A do/ou weio backed on tho com so, Jiut Tbo Scud wasn't mentioned at nil. Tbo Hag full awny in a loin, And the twenty wont oil in n pack;~ But boon thoio was scon to tho foiu, Tho iiiuio with tho pmple mid black. ., By Baikoi's bho quickened the paco With a fenthoi -weight closu at hoi sulo ; 'In tho ' stiaight, she'll bo out of tbo laco,' ?? A elusloi of knowing onu'b cued. At tho luin of tho tiuck, on tbo gioy , Young .folios took the niniung m hnnd ; '- But ho ' died' at tho Coinoi awn), , And Pjianius led by tho Stand But out by the buck of tbo couiso, 1 Tho blood, umiceiibtomed to yield— Tho Stui — tho invincible hoiso — i!au un mid showed heels to tho ' held.' - : ' Ji ' ' ^ But tho mmo by Olymims, fiom ,Tnuo, Came on with a rush by the Rate ; And tho Scud dashoil along in tho l inn, And wns looked with thu Still m tho Bti night. A Uiuiidm of elieeis fiom ufai, JTot the Ihiuo coming Hiiiotheied with mud— ' Tho lillj— llio Illly— tho Stai ! The cbostnul— tho hll)— tho Si ml 1' With the Stm on Inn guth in the sludge, 'X'bu Scud iiudei whip at the ]iosl, Went Hashing b) Slinid and by Judge, ' With u bo) on him white! than ghost Yea, thoie, amid iluiiioiu ami checi, Tho eolt, full of coinage ami hliengtli, Pulled nil tho gicat luco of tho jcai, I'linii tho ' ciack,' by the lmlf of a length ! And then,, on Unit piomincnt du), Tbonwnui fell bni k at tbo last, And slnveied mid fainted awn) — Ho hud sulluieil su nun h in the Past. The stiam had been licuv) indeed, And the iwn Id foi some moments scorned dun, But nnst wus tho season of need— Tho Si ml had won Ihimmmh foi him ? faiiggcstnl b) a chuntoi m Lim-i Oilih, by tho Into Milieus Claiko 