The Catholic Church in Italy. nt the A . ) . Mail.) Never nt any previous period in her history has t!ii' ("ntitvh been so unit od nr so net ivc. The Pit[hLeo Mil., is universally ,nel<rt,■>%v 1 eilei'<I t<> lin ;i. remark;),i>lr man. I!e is a diplomat, and lias in a very short time nmtliiied the unlucky i'nii sn|Ueitres of some of his predecessor's rash nets and policy. Already Russia and I ’russia are a r runging a inmlux rin n<U with him. Kven M. Rarthelemy do St. Hilaire, who cannot Re sus pected of clericalism, acknowledges that ••the Vatican is still itself a great power, and Km nee must not cease to he oflieially represented at her emirt." Italy is also obliged to confess that the present 1’ope has wisdom and forbearance alike in the manner in which lie frequently avoids creatine unnecessary embarrassments to her go vernment. The Kncyclicals of his Holiness are so moderate that Protestant: ministers can rend them with pleasure, and in all he dotes and says lie displays a genuine abhorrence of exaggeration and bigotry, and has, we are assured, to tight many a battle with the Zelanti, or over-zealous, narrow-minded, and fanatical party which forms the majority of his court. It would bo a grave error to imagine that re ligion is, for all that is said and done against her, losing her hold upon the minds of the Italians. The very excess of the lladioals have served to bring about a reaction. All Christi anity being in a common danger before a com mon enemy, that ancient and undue animosity between Catholics and Protestants seems to have somewhat diminished, ami 1 was somewhat sur prised to hear a Yaldese minister recently speak in terms of reverence of the present Pope. Never have the churches, both in France and Italy, been so well attended as at the present. Fifteen years ago they were comparatively empty. To-day they are. too small, vast as they usually arc, to accommodate the throngs which fleck to divine service, and what 1 say of the < 'atholic.churches applies equally to the Protes tant. The persecution has done good—the clergy are more zealous, the faithful more devout. There are eighty churches in Genoa, of which about twenty are larger than any in New I ork. not excepting even the Cathedral on Fifth avenue. Go into any of them, at any hour of the day, and you are sure to find a crowd de voutly praying before the altars and shrines. On Sunday the congregations are so large that you often have difficulty in entering even such enormous edifices as the Cathedral. The devo tion of the pi'ople is serious, in marked contrast with the flippant: behaviour of ten years ago. It strikes everybody, especially tourists, who in former times did not hesitate to chatter out loud as they inspected the art tieasures the Italian churches contain. Now they are forced to behave with gravity by the reverential attitude of the They have just been celebrating in the Cathe dra! the Novena of the Madonna del Sow.so. For nine days this huge edifice has been thronged by enormous congregai ions three times a day to bear several renowned preachers. I went to see the Hosing benediction. It was a wonderful sight, 'rim upper part of the sacred edifice was profusely hung wit h riebesl crimson silk damask. Thousands of lights blazed in the innumerable chandeliers and upon the altars, and before the silver and golden shrines of St. John the Bap tist and the Madonna. The effect of this illumi nation upon the red bangings and upon the Gothic architecture of the noble old building was indisputably picturesque and grand. The high altar was dim with rising clouds of incense, and before it- stood, in majestic attitudes, a crowd of priests wearing dazzling robes of eloth of gold. A vast multitude' filled .to suffocation not only the church but. the square in front, of it. Pre sently a violin, admirably performed upon, ac companied Bruzzi, the famous new tenor, in his singing of Gounod’s charming sire Mann. When lie had finished, the crowd knelt within and without, and (he throng sang the Taohnn I'jrtjo, making the ancient vaults fairly ring with, the volume of sound. Then followed a silence. You could have heard a pin drop. Kvery knee and head was bent. The aged Archbishop gave the people his blessing in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost:. Scarcely had he finished than the people with one accord cried out enthusiastically, ‘* Long live religion ! I /m Jrsn ('hn.slo ! 'Phis was not. mind, included in the programme of the service, hut simply one of those demonstrations ol reli gions feelings which, like those of the radicals of an opposing nature, .are becoming only too toqueiit. and prove to me that the string is lightning arid trouble brewing. The day is coming when the two parties will bo fare to face. History repeats itself. « On the steps of the church I met one of the greatest, of modern Italian philoso phers. “This has been a wonderful scene,’" said he. “ Very,” said 1. “ Believe me,” he observed gravely, <; they might as well heat their heads against a stone wall as against religion. They can never overthrow it. It is * born in man like; an appetite. He cannot exist without it. Overthrow Christianity and you must replace it. 1 think the sight we have witnessed is pregnant with matter for deep re flection. It is the answer of the people to those who would deprive them of their consoling creeds—-of their belief in God, in Christ, their immotrality. and, above all, of the hope of seeing their dear dead ones again. This multitude kneeling before their time-honoured shrines seemed to me inexpressibly grand. I cannot join in their prayer, for my 'faith withered at the furnace of science long ago, but I reverence with all my power their ancient religion, and I believe it will triumph in the end. You cannot govern the masses without religion, and the sooner the governments understand this fact the better. Moreover, I say, the greatest curse which can ever befall a man is to be deprived of his belief in God and his immortality. Old church.” he continued, taking off his hat re verentially, '■ I salute you. Sixteen hundred years offprayerjhave your august walls witnessed, and to-day, notwithstanding progress, and the press, and' polities, still multitudes kneel before your shrines ami adore (lod/’~ -(_ orrespi indent ». i . rj\:v.nin<j Mad. 