IRovelist G R I T. A Story of the past and present ; of ordinary men and ordinary things, in ordinary language, BY DONALD CAMERON. AUTHOR Ol? " IN Tin; FOl.DS OF THIS SEEPKNT," " SH.VJiilWATlill JiENIl," 1LTC. ; Be sure tliy sin will find thee out." It is a beautiful belief: That ever round our head Are hovering, on angel wings, The spirits of the dead. CHAPTER XLII.—(Continue). " I said, Men of {frit," continued Bunakum witheringly. " I address them, not the puppies" (Cheers). " Once I stood on this spot when there was not a brick put up, and spoke to thousands. Then I began with ' Miners of Grit!' yes; miners, diggers; not a crowd of half rogues, half counter-jumpers. But they are gone—the honest, sturdy men of the past; and I am alone and deserted; yes deserted, even by my own son." " He's rich enough to keep you in brandy," cried someone. " He keeps himself in champagne," cried Bunakum, " and allows me to starve." Here several cried, " (Shame." " Never mind old boy," cried a broker, " have another tumbler. 55 " We drank it out of pannikins in the old times," said Bunakum regretfully as he took a sip. ''But the old times is gone, i.s gone," here his voice became strangely plaintive, •'and them as made their fortune sneer at us old people. You think old White a big man, don't you? I remember the time when he was glad to beg a damper off me. I do, and he holds his head mighty high now, and won't talk to me, his old friend. But do you know why he won't? Because his wife liked me a great deal better than she did him." Jack started. He had often heard dubious stories about Jus father and Mrs. White, and had always been puzzled at the aversion White felt for him. The mystery appeared unravelled. "But my own son cast me off," said Bunakum, bringing all his old pathos to bear; " him as I roared so gentle, as I underwent privation for. Ah! men of (hit, you are slaves to the viper that cuts into my heart, Jack Meldon, my son Jack. I have lost my power, or when I'd raise the. shriek of freedom as in the old days, you'd burst your cliains and become free men. But its all over now. I don't belong to you." He passed his hands over his eyes as if he were trying to clear his vision. " No, 110," lie said fatheringly," I don't know you,and yon don't know me. You're strangers, you're not the men I knew. But tliey're liere; yes, I see them, rising on every side. Old faces crowd around me; there's Joe, there's Long Jim, theses' Harry, yes, yes. Miners of Grit, down with the man who luxuriates in the cam]), the regal tyrant who sits in liis summerhouse while you swelter in the sun. Getaway Janet; don't come for me so soon. I didn't do it, woman. I didn't do it. Go to Hector Macinnis, go to him. Miners of Grit, miners of Grit, save, the old man—the flag of freedom." Here, helpless and dizzy, he tottered, and would have fallen, liad not the crowd been too closely packed. Jack at once pushed forward, and told two men lie knew to carry Bunakum to the Garryowen, and obtain the assistance of two doctors, for he saw that liis father was very ill. The words which Jiad dropped from him, inspired Jack witli an idea that Bunakum knew something of the terrible event that liad taken place years ago. If so, Jack would do all in liis power to worm the secret out. And then liis revenge would come. CHAPTER XLIII. Eleven o'clock liad come, and still the crowd was greater than ever. Flushed and excited, they had deserted the Busy Bee, and were now congregated in tlx; Garryowen, every incli of space being tilled with the maddened crowd. Hesperus Extended continued to rise, and 110 one appeared to know the price they would ultimately command. Obadiah Swoetcomfort moved about amongst the crowd, apparently buying all kinds of stock; but it struck some of the shrewdest men in the assemblage that there was less difficulty in getting any stock they rwjuired than usual. It was remarked, too, that Pennitoe's men had all kinds of shares, and, although they did not offer any, the moment a person asked for stock, he was immediately referred to them. '' l'ennitoe must liave made a pretty penny tliis evening," said Jolliboy to Jack. " He's sold thousands upon thousands of shares, if lie's sold one scrip." " Jack," said William Brown, as they were liaving a quiet glass at one of the tables, for there was 110 approaching the bars, " what do .you say if you begin to soil out all your stock. .Fancy the enormous sum you could realise?" Jack pondered. He Jaiew well that if he were to sell his interests, ho would have a jjjagjjilj.;;;i)t balance at his bank. ''It wouldn't do," lie said thoughtfully. " The market is in sucli a feverish Mate that if they got the slightest idea I was selling out sh ares would fall to nothing. I will do it, however, hut I must be very cautious. Tomorrow we will begin the crusade, and let our stock slide quietly. But if we*show our hand, all will be over. I will not sell Hesperus Extended, liowever, until I have taught Obadiah and his crowd a lesson." " Well," said William, " I will leave everything in your hands, old friend. I must get homo now, so that I'll have a little sleep, for I start for Melbourne to-morrow morning, first thing. 6, Jack, you can't tell the joy I feel at the prospect of meeting the dear girl from whom I parted so many years ago." " Yes I can, William," said Jack, sadly, a moisture coming into his eyes; " yes, I can. Go, William, go, and enjoy all the happiness your hard struggles have earned." " I wish you could be happy, too," said William, whose honest heart sympathised deeply with liis friend. " Don't speak of it, don't speak of it," said Jack, hastily. After shaking his hand, William went away. J;ick walked out of the suffocating crowd, and stood under the verandah. The night had changed. The sky was veiled in clouds out of which the vivid lightning played, and clap ai'tor clap of thunder pealed along tlie heavens. Jack shuddered. It reminded him of the awful night and day when the tragedy of his life Jiad boon enacted. The trees shook, the wind tore madly around the hole!, driving the dealers in scrip inside. As Jack was looking round, his eyes fell upon Obadiah fiweoicomfort. He stood at the principal door as if wailing for someone. Presently a cab drove up, and out of it came Sniggle Knickers. A low conversation followed, and then the two walked inside. What evil are those men hatching y" usUed Jack of himself ; and lie followed tlioin. Sniggle Snickers was immediately surrounded by the crowd, who inquired bow the Hesperus Extended looked; but to their questions he ga ve jio answer. The crowd thought this Strang.;; but stranger still appeared his conduct. Ho made Lis way at we to some of the directors, and, i«?fore many minutes, Obadiah and the other directors loft ill.j room, and jumping into the cab were hurried away into the darkness. " What can In? wrong .-Miked everyone, with blank faces. In a time of such tremendous excitement the slightest eyent gave rise to terror. " The reef lias not broken up?" asked one. Some accident," said another. What can it 1)0 ?" was the general chorus. Just then the gaslight was paled by a flash of extraordinary bribianco, and then followed a peal of thunder that shook the building to its fouuda- CHAPTER XLIV. All selling and buying cased at one.;. The assemblage crowded around Jack, on whom ail now loaned. For a time ho did not answer them. IIis mind was too busy with other thoughts. This scene reminded him of that terrible one when a coroner's jury sat to enquire into his mother's murder. The terror-stricken faces, the ghastly light of gas and electricity combined, the rash and roar of the tempest outside, all brought back the picture so indelibly stamped upon liis brain. " J.t is nothing," be exclaimed at last; "only tjome dodge of the crew" tliey have put in the Hesperus Extended management. They want to buy more shares, and will resort to some manoeuvre for that purpose. If you are afraid, I will take every Hesperus Extended share in this room." A few minutes before they would, in their bewilderment and fear, have sold tiie shares to him at any price almost. Now, the moment tjiey heard him speak in that way, their natural greed returned, and they at once named extravagant prices. There is something wrong," said l'ennitoe, who had now sold out all Oliadiah's stock, and whose pockets were distended with cheques and sale notes. "Some one had better go out and " 1 will go," said Jack. The crowd accompanied him to the door, but the fierce, elemental tempest drove them back quickly. Tlie rain was descending in torrents, the wind was hollowing and roaring, and lightning ;ift<;r lightning illumined the pitchy darkness. '•Don't go," said Jolliboy. "Good God! the night is fearful. !s T o cabman can drive you out." The drivers were congregated wider the verandah. " Is there a man here came enough to drive me to the Hesperus Extended ?" asked Jack, in a voice easily heard above the elemental din. " Five pounds for bun!" " I'll do it," cried a bold looking fellow. Where's your cab?" naked Jack. "Here," was the reply; and in a few miniites the vehicle was being driven up the street. The horse, was a bold and strong animal; but the terrible deluge of rain that the wind boat into his eyes, and the incessant flashes of liquid (ire, almost maddened him. Hut the driver held the reins tightly, and, knowing the road to a stone, be guided the horse without flinching. In sheer terror the animal shot along as if running a race with death. In less than fifteen minutes the driver drew him up, reeking with foam, and quivering close to the machinery of the Hesperus Extended. Jiut for the Jires which gleamed ruddjly into the darkness, no one could have recognised the spot, as the terrific atmospherical combat drowned the clatter of the stampers. in a few minutes .lack -tood at the shaft. Ohitdiah and the directors we-'e also there. " lial Mr. Mt'ldon," said Obadiah with a sneer, "* have you come, too ? Perhaps its as well, for you have as great a loss to bear as any of us." " What do you mean ?" asked Jack, fiercely. " Why, that the reef has broken up," was the cutting reply. Jack- almost gave a cry, but gidping it down, he stared full at the man. Oliadiaii did not quail. "That's a d—d lie," said Jack. " Go and see," retorted Obadiah. Jack stepped into the cage, and was soon beyond the sound of the thunder. The transition from the rusii and roar above to the quiet and stillness below, was strange. 11 seemed like going out of the weary world into the grave. The captain of the shift look him along the drive, and Jack, taking a candle, examined the reef. There could be 110 doubt about it; the lode liad broken olf abruptly, or rather come to a natural torniiiiation. Jack was a thorough miner, and a veiy brief examination sufficed to show him that the,Hesperus Extended had seen its best days so far as this reef was concerned. At the best, Irat about four dividends could be obtained from it- Jack stood still when the awfid fact dawned upon his mind. He saw at once that ruin, irreparable ruin, was liis. The shares would fall to as many pence as they were pounds now. His face grew white, his liands clenched. Tliis was Obadiah's revenge. Standing there with the men grouped around him, the whole of his past life came liacic to Iiim, and lie remembered the strange vision he had seen when imprisoned in that stony fortress. Then lie realised the enonnous fortune that he had lost. His heart almost stopped. Everything was lost—gone! Not yet I Perhaps he could persuade these iron men 011 tlie suif'ace to delay the publication of the news until he could save even a tithe of the fortune he had lost. What if they liad worked the reef so as to lead him astray ? Again he examined it in the hope that it Jiad been tampered with. No! He know too much of reefs to cherish the slightest hope. Then Jack gave way. With a faint cry he sank to the ground. The miners dashed some cold water over his face, and when he had sufficiently recovered, lie was put in the cage and brought to the surface. The sight of Obadiah and his party, who had gathered in the office for shelter, infuriated him. He had gone down a strong, handsome man ; he came up years older, Jus face pinched and ghastly. Obadiah fairly sniggered with delight. "Poor Mr. Meldon," he said in a harsh and mocking tone; " it is too much for you. But we all suffer." "It's a lie; a damned lie," cried Jack, all liis strength coming back to him ; "you don't hold a share in the company. Oh, my God! How I have been deceived." Obadiah smUed demoniacally. It was very nearly his last suiile. Jack sprang at him like a tiger, and dealt him a blow that laid him along the ground as if dead. Nor would there h»\e Jjeen any doubt in tlie matter had not some brawny miners seized Jack and held him. A terrible Hash of lightning revealed the strange tableaux, .lack held back by Uk- miners, his face ahla/.e wiih passion : Obadiah lying while a corpse 011 the floor, while the oth.-r directors stood by with ashen faces. When Obadiah came to himself, he glared at Jack like a wild a-iimal, anil Li.en burst out into mocking laughter. •'Good, Mr. Meldon; this is not the first blow I got from you ; but 1 forgive you all, for I've had my revenge. You've- i.jst your fortune; you've lost Bertha ; you've lost all." The directors, comprehending that all tliis might end in murder, bore Obadiah away, and, putting him into a cab, drove oft'. They were soon followed by Jack, who bad again collapsed ]n vain he tried to think of some scheme to save pari of his fortune. None pi'e-ented itself. Tin- only J tope was that other shares would not depn - to an a burning extent. Jjiit, al.ij, bo knew what a mining panic was 1 ClIAPTHJt XLV. Through the storm and rain the calj drove on until the lights of the city were hjjproached. Then, however, the horse gave one or two wild plunges, and dropped dead with excitement, over work, and terror, .lack sprang out and walked rapidly through the blinding raiu to the Oarry- OWeJI. Obadiali and his party were there before him. As Jack entered, one glance sufficed to tell him that the blow bad been struck. Kvorv lace «;1s while with frenzied apprehension. A rush was made at him. "Will you buy any Hesperus Extended ?" asked ail in chorus. Jack hesitated. •'I'll sell you IOOO for £30 a share," cried one. " I'll sell you 1000 for t:V 10s.said another. " J 'U give you 1000 for £5." was the oiler of a third. Jack turned away diz/y and exhausted. Ho was like the criminal who, after the first few strokes, feel is no more. "Oh! Jack-," said Joe .lollibov, " this won't do. Obadiah and his lot came in and told us the reef bad broken up. Js it true '!" "Too true, too true," said jack, with a groaii, "Tb. ii we're ruined," said Joe. " We've lived like grasshfqipurs, and now the winters come, where are we to fin.) a hive, win-re the bees will be generous enough to give us a drop <jf honey iintil the summer conies again V Slock i^ falling like loaves. What's to be done?" .lack said nothing. He leaned against a pillar, and watched the strange panorama that passed before iiim. Men rushed iiither and thither in frantic baste, ofli-ring shares that no one would buy. The prices first named rapidly came down, until stock that bad be.-!i .,!i.-r.-d at t'5 when he came into the room went begging for ; : 'S. "It's all madness," said Jack. " To-morrow morning they'll recover their senses, and sloek will rise again. Hecause the Hesperus Extended reef has given out, is that any reason other mines are valueless ? They'll bo sober to-morrow." iSurveying the crowd with a look of intense satisfaction, Mr. Obadiali Sweotcomfort quietly smoked a cigar. No one,-.,old tell bow proud and happy be felt as be. reflected that be, of all those, men, was the wisest, jje f.-lt like the man in scripture who bad built hi>. house on the rock, and sitting therein all snug with a blight fire burning on the hearth, watched all his neighbor's houses, which were built on the sand, succuinliin.u to the flood. Now and then Ubabiali wo-.dd t:.l:< the cigar out of his mouth, spit, and enjoy a <iui<-t chuckie. CHAl'TEU Xi-Vl. Amidst the din of voi.. s, the , ,(.o- of the thunder, and the beating of ihe rain, a le/i ibie scream was beard. AH conversation ceased, and ihe crowd saw at the door:< man and a woman, drenched and dishevelled, da. k at once saw that the man was his fatJie.i-. llih eyes .v<-re starting out of bis head, bis; face wan lliisbed, mid there was a iviidness about his aspect lh.it reminded .me of a savage beast. The woman puzzled him for a few moments ; but he woon recognised her a* Hector's wife. His heart b. at with strange satisfaction. It was the only gleam of light thai, had fallen upon him since be bad heard bis doi,m pronounced by liertha. " Hei/.e that woman," cried Obadiah rfv.eetcomforl, wlio was now all attention. " Good heavens !" f-i'.i.l be I" bil.iSelf ; " ibis: is too lilltcll biejv altogether. Perhaps the- l'.,t .s are preparing something evil." but his cogitations weje stopped short. With an eldritch s.-r. ecb the woman disappeared ; and although a policeman, who stood near the door, made a franlie elici t to seize-her, she was soon out of bis rea.-ii i.j lh gloom. jJut Jiini.ikiiiii did not stir. <flaring on the crowd be stood iiiere like a baleful statue. " Demons of <iul," he cried, in a, cracked, yet ierrihie voice, \--'ihe last day of judgement is come. You hear the thunder, you see the lightning, you listen to tho rain; but this is not thunder, it is the . annoii of the, Eternal Arl.illery that i.s overthrowing the world. These are not lightning--lJr-y are: lh - devils that have come in fire fo take, you to judgment. That is :iot rain—it is the brimstone that is to d-.-trov ihi world. You have negl. ct. il the old man ; yo,i ba'"e sneered at him ; and now the day of wrath is at hand ! Jfa ! How the demons laugh and ratiie their chains in mockery. Come!" Although everyone there knew the man, yet bis words inspired tliii most supeislitiou i awe. As if to confirm his wonis a terrible flash of lightning illuminated tlie ball, followed by n tremendous clap of thunder that shook the earth to its foundations. "Grit is fallen," cried the maniac, in unearthly tones ; "Grit, the «ireat, is fallen, and the day of veiigeaiiceis.il band. Tlie demons of Drink and Gold are here to claim their victims, ami take them to everlasting fire!" ] 1 ere be became as it were paralysed. His face blanched, his eyes started from their sockets, and he put forth bis bands as if to avert something. "Away! away! woman," he cried, "I am not your murderer; I never touched you. Away, woman! Janet, ask your son why he has not avenged you. Go to Hector Macinnis; call him to account. O, God! keep her from me. Hide me, hide me, in the deepest shaft of Grit." Uttering an awful scream, ho clipped his bands to bis ears, and rushed out into the pitchy darkness. CHAPTEll XIAll. It was some time before the people' ill the Garryowen recovered themselves ; but the moment they did, they made, a rush for the bar, and drank deeply. This was, it seemed to be, a night of horrors. There were two disappointed men in the crowd, Jack and Obadiah. Jack had thought his father safe, but evidently the delirium had come upon hi in, and he liad escaped. Obadiali knew that Prudence, was lost to him that night; but he hoped to sire lier captured next day. The storm at last abated in some degree, but the excitement was so great that few cured to go to sleep that night. < )badiah, however, full of satisfied revenge, went home to sleep and drear.) of a yet greater success, his bank balance continually standing out in letters of lire in bis dreams. Morning at last dawned, revealing a crowd of b ggared men, standing round the different bars, tlieh - eyes red with want of sleep. A beautiful morning it was too. The sun rose in a bright, cloudless sky—the air cleared by the tempest of the night, was sweet and bracing—the dew shone in diamond drupe upon the grass, and the birds in the woods sang j< iyfully. But for the peopleof Grit there was 110 gladness, and heavy tidings reached all other parts of the land as soon as the telegraph wires began to work;. Never, in the histojy of Victoria, Jiad there been so terrible, a crash. I11 every city, groups were gathered togetlier discussing the terrible event. Faces grew dark", as thoughts of ruined fortunes, lost homes and happiness, flashed through troubled minds. It was a day never to be forgotten—a day fraught with misery to many and many a human heart. Numbers had been so deceived by the excitement, that they had invested their all in the great gambling scrips of Grit. Now tlie earnings of years were scattered to the winds, and they would have to retrace their steps,, and become workers again. Almost all Grit was gathered under the Busy Bee at an early hour. The panic re-commenced, and soon prices fell to nothing. Indeed, 110 one would buy anything; if one oii'ered a sovereign for sale, he, would only get Ills. 'id. for it, so terrible, was the blow. Hundreds sought the Hesperus Extended, but. there even greater distress awaited them. Few failed to remark the strange behaviour of iSniggle Snickers, who smiled a ghastly smile as visitor after visitor inquired anxiously what were the prospects of the mine. But even in such times poor petty human nature asserted itself. When Jack appeared there was a low murmuring. The lesser fry almost forgot their sorrows, in the consoling fact that the great mail of Grit would soon be as poor as themselves. And yet how gr.nerons the young man liad been. But Jack heeded them not. He walked straight 011 to the Obscurial Rank, where he knew his fablay. If Mr. Keenman would support him, all might yet go well. Seeing what Jack had done for him, surely in bis great hour of tribulation he would grant some help. Wlien Jack entered, he noticed that Obadiah had just come out of the manager's loom. This looked ill. Keenman asked Jack to be seated, and said he would be back in a moment, On the table lay the Gritty * Sully 'i'lu- Mpr.t. Jack glanced over it to divert bis mind while preparing for the great battle that was to decide his fate. Looking at the Melbourne telegraphic news, to see if there was anything in it about the panic, his eye caught the following paragraphs:—" It was rumored late tliis afternoon that one of our merchants, once a wealthy quartz miner al Grit, is on the brink of insolvency. The liabilities are stated to be immense." " Tliis evening, considerable consternation was caused at Toorak, by a riimor that the daughter of a wealthy citizen, Mr. While, had disappeared. The detectives are now 011 the search." Jack clasped his bauds. He could not think how all this would end. Had Jicrlha, in despair, committed suicide ? A little more, and his reason would give away. kiieiiin.-ui came in, and taking out a large satchel, began to turn over bills of exchange, now and then glancing furtively at Jack. "It is no use beating about the bush, Mr. Keenman," said Jack, at last, in sheer desperation ; " 1 have come to ask you to carry me through this panic." "Impossible." said Keenman, stiffly; "I am telegraphed instructions to draw 111 all credits at once." And he, showed to Jack a telegram from Melbourne. Jack groaned. " How is my account'/" he asked. " Everything has been drawn out this morning to within a few poiuids," said Keenman. " Here's this scrip," said Jack, taking out a bulky book. " Ni> thank you," said Keenman. Consider what 1 did f»r you, Mr. Keenman. I made your fortune,'' said .lark despairingly. " 1 will consider myself first," was the heartless reply. "Ah, you want me, Jones," he continued, as a clerk came to the door. *' Good morning Mr. Meldon. JSright weather i.isn'tit, after last night's storm 7" Jack looked at the mail na if he could have swallowed liiin there and tln ie Jiut the imperturbable manager relumed hisgls.nce without quailing, and walked out. Jack stood on tlie steps of the Obscurial IJank and looked out into the city, a poorer man than ever he, bad been, with a terrible load of debt upouhiiD. Himself penniless, Jiis father mad—bis darling disappeared, perhaps dead—-liis enemies triumphant, me rich beyond account, the other famous—his mother's wings unavenged. The blow was too heavy. Tlie young man fell to the pavement insensii Je. WJiere was the shining reef V CHAPTER XLVIII. " Vengeance is mine; I will repay." Though clouds and storms, and darkness dim The years that should lie, bright; linfailbig trust, and lean on Him Whose mighty hand brings light. AJKI all the drapery of woe, That veiled our life in gloom, Hhall vanish in hope's heavenly glow ; And sin will meet its doom. O ! blessed fact ; to think that God Keeps record of our tears, And that affliction's heavy rod, Us to Him more endears ; That weary years of grief and pain Are but the portals grand, That lead to future joy and gain, And to the Happy Land. The past, the stern and solemn past, Willi its accusing eyes, Looks out upon regieL mid shame, And Grief that never dies. The cold and cheerier sun of winter was setting, illumining the western skies witli a pale flush, like that which paints the cheek of a consumptive invalid, who feels lie js only a burden to the world, and desires to liide liimself in the grave. The few clouds that struggled about the sky, or hovered aimlessly over the horizon, were tinged will 1 chill, grey, and oirps.-like hues that made one shiver. A. search ng wind was blowing from the south over a .beary expanse of country, deadened by the eternal dingy gums, except wlie.ro, Ihe muddy city of <iritaud its desolate expanse of bare country and uncouth streets formed a sort of blot. It was a landscipe that, would make even a ?.f:ok Tapl-y feel an inclination towards suicide. That great feature which gives so much life to a scene, thai inspires hope and speaks of home and harvest and comfort, agriculture, was absent, and a st.range,r, dropping unprepared upon the spot, would have raised his hands, and wondered how any living soul could live there, and would hurry away as from a land of starvation. Jn f<;il accord with that desolate scene and its surroundings, was the soul of Jack', as he sat 011 tile brow of a hill that commanded a view of Grit mid its surroundings—the, very hill upon which we first made his acijiiaintnnee. The hill was one of those bare sandstone ridges, covered here and there with rubbly ipiart/. l.liat abound in mining centred. Close to Jack was a shaft with the usual concomitant of Jieaps of stone that had been dug or blasted out of the depths, and a small windlass that looked as if it was always expecting something, and was ever disappointed. ]n the gully was a humble hut, formed out of tin, bark, wood, and alt sorts of incongruous materials, and so frail in appearance, that in all probability the next blast would blow it away. It added to the despair that the whole landscape appeared to create. The man wlio could witlisUuid the depressing influences of earth and sky that day would be a hopeful mortal. With his head sank down almost to his knees, Jack was thinking. A panorama, was passing through his mind that shut out the dreary, real scene. He was much altered. His face had become pinched, and obi and careworn, the limbs shrunken, and a thick, uncared-for beard, made him look wild and reckless. There was little in him now to remind us of the boy, or the man of yore. Thinking! Of what V Of the past, Phantom army after phantom army of memories filed before him in orde.rly amy, mocking and accusing, until his heart in very anguish almost ceased to beat. From these spectres we will learn his history since we saw Jiirn last. Huin could not have been more complete than that which liad fallen upon Jack. Fortune had elevated him to an almost dazzling pinnacle of success, only to dash liiin down to the lowest pit of abasement. For a white, indeed, Jack hardly realized his position; he thought the tide woidd surely turn. Hut it did not, and three months after the collapse Jack was without a shilling. Those fewfriends who remained constant., had themselves become impoverished by the general calamity; and those, who had weatheied the storm, and were safe in the anchorage of a good banking account, resolutely closed thou- ears and their purses. These men, indeed, looked ujon everyone who liad fallen, as the victims of their own folly. When they met Jack they would take him patronisingly by the hand, and say, " Well, Jack, you've lost a great chance ; but you know it's your own fault; if you had not beeu so careless, you would be a rich man now." It was vain to give them any other reason for hjs downfall. And when Jack asked them for temporary assistance, they shook their heads and drew in their bonis, metaphorically, saying that it was as miicli as they could do to tide over tlie disaster. Then they would go amongst their acquaintances and pieach about Jack, in reality extolling their own prudence and foresight. There is Pharasaism ni worldly, as well as hi religious life. Grit had suffered a terrible blow, and with it the whole of the colony. Tliere were a few wlio liad money, and still fewer wlio bad credit, who had not dabbled in scrip; consequently when that security became worthless, and calb heavy, insolvencies followed hi quick succession. Men's hearts died within them. They discovered that tiieir gold Jiad become like that in tlie fable which turned to ashes of dried leaves, their valuable claims changed to worthless plots of ground, ever BO many yards away from the line, of reef, and, agriculturally-speaking, not fit to grow a head of cabbage. Tlie yield of gold from Grit decreased with extraordinary suddenness, and 011 every side tliere were propheciesthat the precious metal would soon fail altogether. This set all the political economists going, and one after another, they found out that gold mining was carried on at loss, and that if matters did not change, general insolvency would result, and Grit become a wilderness of trees, and Melbourne a ruined village. Hut the large number of thinking men never wavered in their opinion that gold mining was in its infancy, and that ere Jong the cloud woidd be lifted, and Grit proved to be richer than ever. And, although beggared, and knowing not wJiore to get another meal, Jack was one of these. Ho had studied the past of Grit, and was firmly convinced that in its bosom there was contained a treasure a thousand fold greater than bail ever been extracted. Hut for the present, it was all a farmicide feast to Iiim, It must be confessed when misfortune came thick and fast upon Jack, his mind, to a degree, gave way, ami he became reckless, seeking in a baneful lethe, to forget his troubles—of course he did wrong; but who is to stand in judgment on us when we lose everything that is worth living for? Can there be imagined anything more terrible th an a sudden fall from wealth and happiness to poverty and misery? It is like toppling from tile summit of a high mountain, up wbicli we have climbed by weary and tedious steps, into tlie slimy ditch at its foot. We view the terrible distance, and sigh that we have to labor up to tlie dazzling eminence anew. The fable of Sisyphus, ordered to everlastingly roll up the mountain a stone which tumbled to tiie foot the moment it ne.ired the top, must liave been suggested to the poet by such a fate. And when Jack, soberly and calmly looked into the future, it seemed impossible for him to ever regain what he had lost. He had no money, 110 friends, and he knew only one way of getting living, by returning to his old occupation as miner, to do which, be was somewhat incapacitated by the luxurious and irregular life he had led. But there was a deeper sorrow than this, llow could lie retrieve what he liad lost—the love of that pure and beautiful girl, who was to bun more than life itself? Khe had faded from his vision forever. The papers told him the story that Mr. White had gone insolvent for a very large amount; but 110 one knew what had liecome of lu'111 or lierlha; indeed, the latter Jiad never been heard of by the peopleof Grit, since the paragraph had appeared, slating that she had deserted in-i father's home at Toorak. How could be, without a farthing, find her out 7 The same desolating wave that bad borne Jackdown to the dust had been quite as hard 011 William ; and perhaps in many regards, liis was a worse case. He had sent for the love of his early youth, Emily; and the very day of the crash she liad arrived in Hobson's Hay. Her lover, who had written to her that iie was Wealthy, met her when the great crisis had made him a poor man. Hut Emily was a noble girl; she had waited for him for many Jong years, although willing to many, even on the means he then possessed, and sb< would not now turn back. ,So they were married, and William brought his bride home to find that he bad not as many pence as once he possessed pounds. Hut the, presence of liis noble and beautiful wife strengthened him. When h married her his fortunes were wrecked. He at once took a situation as mining manager, at a somewhat small salary, and, cheered by his devoted wifo, he went to work to build up a competency for her sake. After all a man never loses by marrying, if his partner is a good woman ; for she nerves Iiim up to tasks of which a bachelor would not dream, for he bus not the same, incentive. Emily never complained of the difference between what she was led to expect and the reality. fShe took the world as it came, and bravely resolved to light at her husband's side to tin; death. JSueb is the true woman. Would we bad more of them! William knew very well Jack's position ; but the proud young fellow would not for some time be persuaded to go and stay with bis only true friend— the sole friend who remained as constant when the night bail fallen and the storm had risen as when the sun was shining and the sky was unclouded. Jack was reduced to the extremity of sleeping out in the park, along which a few months before h. had driven in his handsome carriage. Had he beeu less honest, less proud, this would not have happened, for lie could have saved something from the wreck—enough, at least, to enable him to make a start somewhere else. But Jack was lionest, sternly honest, and paid his creditors to the last shilling he had. Hut that didn't satisfy them. Those, wlio had come ofi' worst, ln-ing in at the death, viliiied him to their heart's content, called him swindler, rogue, rufjhni, and so forth, and deeply regretted ihat, owing to th - laws of a foolish country, they could not put liiin 011 the roads. At first they thought that he Jiad secreted some of his wealth ; they could not believe that it bad all been swallowed up ; but when they saw him going about with a ragged coat, and delapidale.l bat, and knew that he could n.)t get credit for a ineal, then lliey rejoiced in their hearts that vengeance bad overtaken him, and went to their churches and thanked God he had come so low. Poor Jack ! With what strange company he became acquainted now. lie Jiad to go to the lowest restaurants and hotels, places where the filth of the, town swarmed, there to lay his wearyhead ; for he had 110 money or credit. He hardly ever moved about in the day time now. His spirit ami independence appeared to have died within him ; and he slunk up and down the streets ill tlie night, afraid hi encounter those wJiom be knew in lietter days. He would have gone to work as a miner, but lie could get none ; for the first ell'cet of the crash had been the sloppigg of a large numJior of the unproductive mines—the shareholders refusing to pay calls. Ko great was the pressure tliat fully 3000 miners found themselves out of work. Can Jack's humiliation be described, when he, was refused work" over and over again by the very men whom he had appointed mining managers ? Home of tiiem exulted over his fall; but many would have given work if it were possible, which it was not, as every billet in prospect was promised nionllis abend. He had nothing to do except to wander about the streets and starve, unless he chose to throw himself upon William, and liis nature recoiled at that. So, from day to day be fell lower and lower, until at last be was compelled to sleep, a lonely exile in the park, along with some other poor outcasts. CHAPTER XLIX. One night, cold, hungry, and miserable, Jack sat on the hill in the park that faced the principal street of Grit. It was Saturday night. Beneath, in the shadows, wallicd lovers, conversing in low tones, planning the future wliich was to be so pleasant; enjoying their fleeting hour of happiness, regardless of tlie terrible future of pain that was in store. In the. street, the glare of gas Jit up a crowd that was only the phantom of the vast army that a few montJis before moved and Jiad their being there. The Busy Bee was tlie ghost of itself,suiTounded liy a few spectral figures, broken down brokers, insolvent speculators, and moneyless loafers. Was it all a dream V In the background was outer darkness, save the red light of an engine fire gleamed ; and in the distance the mighty monster man Jiad called into being to help iiim in tiie search for gold—that search wliicli was almost fruitless now—groaned, and pulled and snorted. Gazing 011 the scene, the tears came into Jack's eyes, as the memories of the past came crowding into his soul, filling it witli agony. PJiantoms of the past they were to him now: days that Jiad passed away—faces cold in deatli, or lost to him for ever; eyes that met liis love—hands tJiat clasped his in friendsliip—gone; all gone—and lie was alone 1 That day he Jiad gone as a last resource to tlie Hesperus Extended, where once he was lord supreme, and asJied for work. While Jie was talidng to Sniggle Snickers, Obadiah Sweetcomfort came up. Snickers Jiad kept up a sort of sneering conversation witli Jnck. The moment Oliadiaii saw Jinn, a demoniacal smile overspread his face ; he could not conceal his glee. He was not afraid of Jack now, for the poor fellow was too wan and thin to give Iiim a blow as lie had done in the old times. Wiat a diilerencethere was^n tlie two men now. Jack was a mere scarecrow, wJiile Obadiah Jiad absolutely filled out, and looked comfortable and wealthy. As he stood there he iiandled liis massive watehguard, pulled out his heavy chronometer to look at tlie time, and twirled his fingers so that the valuable diamonds might scintillate hi the face of his old enemy. Obadiah was now a great man. He had ceased to dwell in Grit, and liad betaken himself to Melliourne, wJiore he lived in state, having liecome a land-owner tliere; and lie bade well to become a bunk director and share- Jiolder in permanent companies, and a great man in the land. He generally deigned to visit Grit, liowever, once a fortniglit, and then its hnpeciuiious inhabitants waited upon Jiim as a lord, and liegged, lmt in vain, for Joans. OJiadiah did not care for the security they coidd give ; lie could invest his money to a greater advantage in the metropolis. Hut he had still a few shares in tlie mines, and took a very active interest in the welfare of Grit, attending every political demonstration most religiously ; for he liad au eye 011 the constituency, and thought that he would attain the desire of his t w s t soul at the next election, and oust Hector Macinnis. Only tliis was wanted to make him the happiest man in the world. Obadiali, liowever, said notliing to JncJc tJiat could be construed into insolence or cruelty, but be acted in such a way tliat tlie unfortunate man felt as if he would sooner have Jieen tlinist into tlie furnace and slowly incinerated. When Sniggle KnicJcers told iiim tliere was no prospect of work, he tottered away ; but Oliadiaii followed Iiim, and, in his slimy way, held out a sovereign. " You may want something, Jack, just for the present," he said. Had death stared Jack hi the face, he would not liave taken tliis giftjso insultingly offered. His old spirit returned, aud lie felt as if he could have killed tliis Jieartless, relentless mau. As he walked away, he Jieard tlie low cliucJde of the two wretches who stood watcliing Jiim. Jack had never seen Maggie since the day he met her at tJie station, Jieing resolved to give uo more cause of olience to BertJia. Now, liowever, it seemed to Jiim tliat slie was the List support he could lay Jiold of; so Jie made his way to the house wiiere she liad lived. He was surprised to see strange ladies sitting under tlie verandali sewing. WJien lie rang the licll, a servant came out, and looking at him with all that superciliousness wliicli these persons assume towards tlie poor, asked him what lie WiSuted. Jack inquired whetlier Maggie was in, upon which tJie servant Hew into a righteous rage, and asked him how dare he inquire' about " sicJi people." Jack humbly replied tliat the lady had lived there once, and he had not Jviiown she had shifted. " Well," said the servant, with that gleefuluess which characterises people when imparting bad news, " that lady, as you call her, sold Ibis 'ere bouse to my master, and cleared out to Melbourne," and with a laugh, she slammed tlie door in his face, stating " slie wasn't going to stand tliere talking to rubbage all day." This was a terrible blow to Jack. He wandered aimlessly aliout the gullies, where, 111 tlie old times lie and Spot, poor Spot—dead years ago—tended sheep together, Jiappy as tiie day was Jong. And, when the night came, lie sought the Park, and sat tliere watching tJie panorama of life below. Was it to be wondered at, that under such circumstances, Jack began to ponder wJielJier it were not better to quit this spliere of sin and suffering, . and seek refuge in a world tliat could not be by any means worse? He bad contemplated suicide often since liis downfall. At niglittime, and during dark days, the idea was ever present, at times assuming the form of a sliadowy being standing at liis side, and tempting him to' rid liimself of Jiis troubled life. Hut, altliough Jack was not religious, although lie liad been brought up in darkness, Jiis maturer years Jiad been too liusy to permit of self-education in religious matters, he combated the Phantom successfully, not on religious, but on manly grounds. After all be argued that tlie taking of one's life was a cowardly act, and tliat tlie suicide would deserve and receive a coward's fate, if tliere was such a tiling as another world. Besides, the Jiope ever clung to him that after aJl fate Jiad a lietter life in store for him; tliat he would yet lie happy witli Berllia. TJiat strange vision wJiicli liad tliree times visited Jiim, seemed to give Jiim fresh Jieart every lime lie lliought of it. But tliis night the Phantom was more powerful tlian ever. When he passed a shaft 011 his road down to the town, the Phantom seemed to drag Jinn hi the brink, and then wlien looking into the depths it wliispered to Jiim, wliat a Jiappy release it would he to fling JmiiseJf down, and end all his miseries. Wlio, said tlie Phantom, spoke of another world ? They were fools ; there was no oilier world, and eternal punishment was a silly liugbear, oidy fit to frighten children. He tJiat would be free, should strike tlie blow liimself. When he went by the glistening miniature lake in tJie park, wJiose mimic waves washed its slippery sides, the same dreadful J.Yesenee was near, anil suggested a refuge in its sullen liosom. But the vision of the bright Spirit tliat had promised iiim the Shining Reef, seemed to hover over tlie water, and to point to Jiappier days; so lie passed 011. Now, liowever, wlien sitting here, alone, cold and wretched, the baleful demon returned witli twofold power, and crowded into Jiis vision tlie past until he was stung to desperation. How, wliispered tlio fiend, could he ever attain to the wealth and position that had been liis? Only in tlie course of very many years, and if they ever returned to Jiim, it would lie when he was a hideous old man, witli all Jiis power of enjoyment gone. Was tliis worth tlie pain and misery that must lie Jus—Jiard worJc, disappointment, perliaps death. No, no; it would be better to cut the loiot, and at once solve tlio great mystery. Jack rose from his seat. His mind was at last made up. He glanced at the great street wliicli liad seen Jiis rise and fall, and Jiade it farewell for ever. The phantom ,,f destruction was before him; it gaily guided him on in the direction of a partially filled shaft that was in tlie Park. Jack followed it quickly, clencJiing Jiis Jiands firndy, ami shutting Jiis teetli, as if to nerve himself up to the terrible deed. He paused at the brink. An army of dancing demons seemed to flit about hi the gloom of the shaft, beckoning out of the, dark water wiiere a star 01- two were reflected. He drew in liis breath, took one glance at the shining firmament lie would see no more, and— " Hollo, there!" cried a strong, manly voice, and a hand was laid upon his arm; " whatdo vou mean ? Why, another moment and you'd liave been down there, beyond the art of a doctor." Jack put bis liand over liis eyes. It was WilJiani Brown who spoke. "Good God!" said William, recognising his wretclied friend. " Jlave I saved you, poor Jack! 1 was coming home from work, when I saw a man standing suspiciously near this old shaft, and laid bold just hi time to save, you." " I .lili mad," said Jack. "No doubt, no doubt," said William, kindly; "and you have suffered enough to drive a Samson mad. Why didn't you come to me? Here I've Jieen sending and searcliing for you, but you've become such-.m owl, and I have so little time, that 1 never dropped across you. Come, Jack, you must wane home with me, and you sliall have Jialf of wJiatl Jiave, even if its my last sixpence. Emily will soon jiut you to rights. Poor fellow 1 poor JaeJi! But don't tliink I will interfere witli your independence. A few others, and I liave found what we think a good sliow 011 Hie hill, close to where I live, and we are thinking of starting some one to prospect it. You sliall have a share, Jack, and you'll work it, while tlifi others and I will pay in ; and if we get a golden reef, the old times will come back again. Eli? Jack, old man—dear old man." "God JiJess you, William," said Jack, the tears gushing from liis eyes. "You are still tlie same." " Still the same; for ever tiie same," said William. " Could I forget what you have lieen to me, dear Jack? Come along." CHAPTER L. Ere the week was out, Jack was sitting in William's hut, clotlied, and in Jiis right miud. A co-operative party w as got togetlier, and Jack Jiegaii to sink 011 tlie hill. Tlie shaft was sunlt in a straight line with tlie Hesperus Extended, and, although a considerable distance from that mine, it was thought by some experienced miners that there, was a fine sliow of striking tlie nesperus reef, if it carried so far; and the general aspect of tlie " country," and the specimens found, seemed to warrant tlie belief. Jack led a very quiet and reasonably happy life for some tune. He found in Jiis friend's wife a noble, intelligent woman, with a Jieart open to all, and ready to while away the dreary lioui-s with fluent conversation. She was ever cheerful. Nothing appeared to daiuit lier; and poor as were their means, the Jiut was always tidy and clean, tlie meals well cooked and palatable, liowever plain. A new sunshine came into Jack's heart; and lie worked very hard in the sliaft, Jiophig, praying, tliat he would strike tlie shinning reef the vision liad promised him, if it were only to make tins glorious woman and his friend wealthy, as they Jiad deserved to lie. Tlie remembrance of Bertha still clung to him; but every day it was growing fainter and fainter, and she was becoming to turn like his mother—a memory of tlie past; dear, very dear, but gone for ever—a dream tliat Jiad faded witli the rosy light of early life. But it was not long before the darkness caiue again. Grit continued to go down; and several of the shareholders iu the co-operative company lost their employment, and cohld not pay then- trilling calls. So, after a wJiile, ail relinquished the claim except Jaclv and William. The letter's income was very small, and it took ail Emily's management to make both ends meet. Besides, tlie claim in which William was engaged as mining manager was not gold -producing, and at any moment it migJit stop worJring. Still William kept Jitck going, and the poor fellow did as much worlc as w : o men, 011 the apparently obscure hope tJiat he ould striice a rich reef. He did strike several purs and one flat reef, but there was no gold in hem. TJie day we find him sitting on the Jiill discon- solately reviewing his past life, he Jiad come upon a bar of sandstone, so hard tliat lie despaired of getting tlirougli it witli tlie appliances he had, especially as liis powder was exhausted. So lie Jiad come up out of tlie sliaft, and was thinking what to do. But his cogitatione afforded 110 relief ; and wlien the sun had sunk behind the western liills, and the ghastly colors of the wintry evening had faded into sombre gray, he walked down to the hut. The first thing'he noticed was that Emily looked troubled. lie had never seen her sad before. Under Hie most trying circumstances she Jiad worn a cJieerful face. " What's the matter ?" asked J ack. Emily hurst into tears. " I liave iieen to the butcher and grocer to-day," slie said, " and they refused any more credit. So—so, Jack, tJiere isn't a morsel hi tlie Jiouse." Jack looked at her. She had liecome pale and tliin ; and now the thought struck Jiim tliat, to give tjiosc who were doing lieavy work a good share, she had starved herself. He felt as if he could there and then have taken a pistol, if one were Jiandy, and slioot liimself tlnougJi tlie head. "Hut don't take on, Jack," said tlie good creatine, " I'll run to Mrs. Fogarty's and get some; aud William will be aide to liorrow some money." " No, Emily," said Jack, " I must go. I have Jieen eating you out of Jiouse aud home. It seems as if I were a curse wherever I go." " No, No," pleaded Emily; and she took Jiold of Jiis Jiand. At thai moment William appeared at the door. His face was dark" and troubled, too. Jack ami Emily looked at Iiim, and despair took possession of them. " I know you can see it in my face," said William, in a husky voice. "It is just as you tliink ; the company stopped work to-day, because Hie Jjank came down mid seized the property. Tliey owe tlie men a fortiiigJit's wages, and tliere is 110 chance of ever seeing a penny of it." Emily sunk into a cJiair and nobbed. Presently a light came into her face. She went to tlie lied room, and after Jieing aJjsent for a few minutes, returned. In lier liand was a beautiful liroocli. A fine diamond schitilated brilliantlv hi the firelight. " William, go aud pawn this," she said. " It was my dear father's present—the only valuable we liave left; but if he were here lie would forgive me. Go and get some money for it, aud let Jack and you give the claim a good trial." " So, no," said Jack ; " 1 must an awav • I will not J«ar of this." " Lut you will," said William, calmly. " This is 01* Last resource. Emily has freely given us tlie diance to retrieve our fortiuios, and let 110 false delicacy make you throw tliat chance away. She l as done what you would, dear Jack, were you in her position." Jack cat down. He could not speak, A great mist cane over bis eyes. William kissed his wife, and taking the jewel hurried iut into darkness. ' CHAPTER Lr. How ivil is the world ! What vice and sin, Are ti lie found in its narrow Jiouse witliiii ! In Fhider's-Jane, Melbourne, are congregate,! tlie wanhouses of Australia. Immense stucco or bluestoie structures rise on eacli side of the narrow thorouglifare, forming a Line of almost palatiaJbuildings, adorned witli showy hrnss doorplates, 111 wliicli are engraved tlie names of the mighty firms who carry on business within. "StraiJit is the gate, and narrow is the way"" said a great authority; but in this instance ihe aphorim does not apply; the street is straight and iiarow enough to all conscience, but the ways of tiie merchants are crooked indeed. xnese giganti' buildings are tlie business places of those who del in soft goods. Tlie warehouse of Click, Clack & Sons, is one of tlie most gigantic of tliese liuildhigs but, llie tJie goods that are sold within, it is (1 sham and pretence; its friezes, and cornics and eutalilatures are simply a hollow pretcne of stucco. It is full of goods and decept:m ; employes—effeminate, womenlike men —flit nout, attending to the numerous customers who at selecting goods. These employes, like all men wio are in ilie drapery trade, or in trades akin t it, are too milk and w.iterish to yield us materi.l. The proper place of man is the Held, theenplie-room, the mine; and when he takes up the duies of a woman, he is out of bis element. Passinf on, we come to the workshop, wiiere, a large lumber of pale, sickly women, very wearied hi tlier looks, are engaged at their sewingliiacJiiiKS, tlie noise of wJiicli vexes the passers-by ; for 1.1K sound of tlie -sewing-machine is one 'of tin moit grating hi tlie world. It spealves of hard tasks; of little" mercy. The appearance of the, lvmii-n in that workroom bore full evidence of the trith of tliis. The fairer and younger portion lotked fagged and weary ; and tlie way they kept ghncing at tlie clock- showed tliey devoutly wished si: to strike. TJie older females presented tlie mist miserable, spectacle. Many of these women lud faces from wliicli the blessed light of hope seaned to liave faded for ever, to lie replaced liy tie stony lineaments of despair. What bad they in prospect to make life a desired I10011 ? A heavy fjmiily at Jiome—perhaps a drunken JiusJiand ; the only future one of worlc and ceaseless effort, to end at last iu a wretclied death. TJiat was the prospect: but perhaps the mercy of God had rrdained that tins drcadfuJ lookout was veiled from their eyes liy some delusive picture painted liy Jiope—tlie aflection for a daughter, tlie trust that a loved son would clierisJi tliem hi Hie days wlien they would become helpless. God lias ordered it, tliat the human soul weaves for itself some curtain that sliuts out the misery and want, tlie woe, and death that are to come. Amongst tlie crowd of wearied spiritless workers was one who could not Jiave escaped the notice of the most superficial. Her plain print dress could 1101 fonceal tlie correct outline of her form—tlio nameless au o£ wlio liad seen better days, lier face was pinched, and mouths of care Jiad tlirowu a well of lines across it, still it was one of great beauty—not mere animal lieauty, but that which tells of a soul within. Tliere was not a girl hi the workroom who did not know that this woman was lieautiful; Jiut, strange to say, 110 one hated lier. Tliere was a loveableness about tlie woman : an utter ignorance of lier own lieauty, a true naturalness, and a winning consideration for others tliat nipped hard tlioughts in tlie bud. WJien a weary sempstress, aged liy toil and sorrow, raised her eyes off tJie monster tJiat was dragging lier down day by day, it was ouiy necessary for lier to encounter tlie gentle face of this comrade, and receive a smile, to take a whole liurden off her mind, and to inf use new energy into her soul. Few tliere wjio Jiad Jieen in difficulties, could look at tliis woman without remembering some kind and tliouglitful action that was as balm, to tiieir Jiearts. Tliat woman was Bertlia Wliite. It seems superfluous to tell her story, for tlie reader will have guessed it. After slie jiad finally rejected Jack, ami, at the instance of her fatiior, accepted Hector Maciimis, life appeared worthless to her. She knew well enough she could not be happy without the man elio had loved from her cliildliood. As she took in the situation in tlie loneliness of her chamber, and understood all tlie terrors of its surroundings, she became appalled. Wliat ? join herself to a mail she, at tlie very least, detested and feared. She felt that she would be doing herself a great injustice, and destroying lier future life. Rather poverty and toil, tiian this. In a kind of delirium she wandered away from lier home, aud took refuge in an obscure lodging. TJie storm that had been hovering over Mr. White's head, burst very soon after that; shortly after Jiis daughter depaited. Obadiali Sweetcomfort liad taken care of tliat liefore he went hack to Grit. Notliing, indeed, could Jiave delayed it. His JiiJJs had Jieen floating about until they had come to lie Jooked upon as waste paper, and at last a creditor wlio Jield bundles of tJiem, took steps to compuJsorily sequestrate liis estate. Need we say tlio creditor was Mr. Sweetcoiufort's creature. Mr. White implored Hector to save Iiim; but when that gentleman learned tliat Bertha Jiad flown, lie declared liis inability. Indeed Hector could not liave tided over the difficulty, had he been so inclined; it was of too great a magnitude. Deserted by Ids daugliter, l»y tlie world, Mr. Wliite found liimself a ruined man. lie could not blame his child, for he now saw that she would have been sacrificed for nought. So he returned to liis house at Toqrak—his house 110 longer—a penniless, broken-down man. Tlie blow was too much for Jiim. He Jiad seeu his wealth, acquired by Jiard industry and years of plodding calculation, melt away like the frost on the window panes when the morning sun sliines, and now there was 110 spirit in him. He was too old, too helpless, to liegui tlie battle of life anew. (To be amtinued.) 