Hints on Etiqutte.-'.' Ifecuse me, gentlonemn !' said a young lady,, ontering our sanctum, "but which one of -you tot the society editor ' !" We don'tc"k'op one on this paper, Misa," said the horse 'critic,'" but the whole gang stake. ii' crack at that style of journalistic labour once ins a while. Is there anything we can dol for you 7" "I was going to ask," said the girl, "if it would be too much trouble for you to give me souie hints as to the proper way to receive gloests at a.'yedding, how the supper should be served, and so, forth It "Yout want to know what is-en riggle and rechsrchsy, as the French ely T. remarked the holrseman. '"We cangi you thi correct pointir.- Are you- the, blushing bride "'. Q'"Yes, air,", said theo girl, in a rather weafe voice; "tthat is " "Oh, I understandl" said the horse editor. "Inappreciato your feelings. I osas onice young and bashfuls myself. Now, about thiis wedding ; the receiving part is easy. .iAftor the nuptial ceremony is concluded, you and Mike-" "But his, nase isn't Mike I" said the young lady ; " his niname is-" " Oh ! I know all about that," said the equino journalist. "Of course his name is Adolbort, or Reginald, orsome otlierstick-up nonsense,' but in giving advice we always allude to the sticker as Mike, and call the bride Hannah. "And the supper 1' , paid the young lady. - "Oh, yes ; the supper I Well, at some weddings they feed in the dining-roonti and at"others each goest sits on a chair and has hiselunch brought to him. Now, I always advise the use of chopped feed at weddings-bring on the ham and sandwhiches and ice cream at the same time. They can't 'eat the sand wiches first, you' know,. ccaose if they do. the creaim will molt, and if they throw in the cream to start with, the anld wiches will actilike. Banquo's ghost " they will not get - down 1" " Of course," continued the bibgrapher, of Goldsutitlt's Ma id, "it would be better if you could give each guest a box stall and throw the food in early in the evening, but this is notoften practicable, so you Ibid better keep oms the old racket !" Amecricats J'ttpcr. Noah Webster was a celebrated author. lo was a quick and ready writer and' in ono~oti hs inspired moments he tioshed off a dictionary. He took it to several publishers, but they' shied' at it, saying the style was dull, dry, turgid, hard, and uninteresting,. and, besides that, heo used too many big words. But at last Noah succeeded, and thIe immortal Work is in odnnr-t lo:, 4.1mbica ats Student (not very clear as to his lesson) -"That's what the auuthcor ' says, any. way.", l'rofcssor-" I 'duint''otiant the author ; I want you." , Student (despair. ingly)-" Well, you've got ntm." Song of the cheese-" Will you love me when I mould "'t + - 