COLONIAL TELEGRAMS. VICTORIA. [From our own Correspondent] Melbourne, June 29. The Government have offered the County Court judgeship, vacant by the death of Judge Billing, to Mr. McFarland, the common law barrister. The position has been accepted by Mr. McFarland, and he will be gazetted after the first meeting of the Kxecutire. Some good betting has taken place on the events to be run at the V.G.T.C. meeting on Saturday. The latest quotations are—Ladies' Trophy, 100 to 16 against Ghost, 100 to 7 against King's Head, 100 to C Gonzago, Trans ferred, Larpent, Squireen, 100 to 5 Beads man, King Charles, Liberator, Will-o'-Wiap, and Verdure. Maiden Hurdles—6 to 1 against Mulatto, 7 to 1 Sportsman, 8 to 1 Belladrum, and 10 to 1 Crystal. Frederick Darbyshire, the veil ? knows theatrical agent, was charged at the Fitaqf Police Court with stealing a theatrical ward robe, value £40. The whole case aitMe out of a squabble between the accused and other*, who were partners, and the Juvenile Pinafore Company. The bench dismissed the case* The Rev. Mr. O'CaUaghan, a Bonus Catholic clergyman, sued John Brundell, butcher, of Collingwood, to recover £19 damages for injuries sustained by bang knocked down by a cow which was being driven by the defendant's servants. The jury found for the defendant. " The Supreme Court to-day confirmed the conviction of Joseph liangicy and George Ryder, who were sentenced to terms of im prisonment for conspiring to defraud by representing themselves as qualified medical practitioners. The prisoners' counsel raised the point that there was no conspiracy to de fraud, because Ryder was simply Liangley's servant. An application has been made by the laborers employed on the Victorian railways, who receive Gs. daily or less, to the Minister of Railways for an increase of wages on the ground of the present high price of provi sions. Mr. Bent promised to consult the Cabinet as to the advisability of increasing the pay an extra sixpence per diem for the next three months. W. Anderson, bootmaker, of Strauatoa street, whose premises adjoin those of Ninths, the fruiterer, which were quarantined daring the late smallpox outbreak, has sent in a, claim to the Government for £G0 compensa tion for loss to business during the stamping out of the disease. Mr. McFarland will be sworn in as County Court judge, in room of the late Judge Billing, without delay. The appointment has given satisfaction in legal circles. Arguments were continued before the Fall Court to-day and concluded in respect to the rule tiiti to enter a verdict for the plaintiffs in the case of the Union Steamship Company of New Zealand against the Melbourne Harbor Trust. The court reserved its judg ment. The first annual meeting of the Pipeclay Club was held to-night, when a large number of members attended. The report, which was adopted, showed a very satisfactory state of afiaira. The election of office-bearers for the ensuing year resulted as follows:—Presi- dent, Major Templeton; vice-presidents. Majors Caleb Anderson and Sleep. An im- promptu meeting of volunteer officers was afterwards held, when the question of tbe reorganisation of the volunteer force was dealt with, and a number of resolutions dealing with the subject were passed. When the Assembly met, Mr. A. T. Clark, on a motion for adjournment, accused the Attorney-General of interfering with tihe course of justice in connection with the case of a man named Driscoll, who was pt?" oeeded against in the Police Court for maliciously libelling an engine-driver on the Victorian railways, called Wright- The bench, presided over by the police magistrate, had committed Driscoll for trial, and allowed him out on bail otHfoa heavy .sureties. No further steps had how ever been taken to proceed with the prosecu tion, owing to influence being brought to bear on Che Government to shield this man, wh* was a Catholic Sir B. OXoghlen replied that this was the first time he had heard of the matter, and asked Mr. Clark to give notice of a question for Tuesday. Mr. Clark refused to do so, and demanded that the papers is connection with the case should be laid oa the table. Sir B. O'lxjghlen refused to be bullied into anything, ana a wordy warfare ensued, in which the Speaker was forced t? interfere more than once. Mr. Dow, in whose district the affair had occurred, ex plained the circumstances of the case and stated that the Attorney-General had nothing to do with the matter. The sub ject then dropped by the motion for ad journment being negatived. Mr. Boost* asked the Minister of Railways whether the chief medical officer had reported to him ok the subject of color blindness in railway signalmen, and whether he would adapt the test of sight as recommended by the late international medical congress for all men connected with railway signal ling. Mr. Bent stated that he had received a report which was under the consideration of the Government. He added that be had caused the employes of the Hobson's Bay railway to undergo an examination some time ago, and the vision of some w*s found to be defective, and they had accordingly been ce moved to other position* that would not necessitate visualaccuracy. Theexanunationof all railway employes wonld cost a considerable sum: but as one accident caused by colar blindness might cost more than the "nw'na tion made several times over the Government would have it done. The Estimates were further considered in committee of ways and means in a very thin house, when the debate on the tobacco duties was resum&l.; Several counts out occurred, and eventually progress was reported, and the house ad journed without coming to any decision. The foundation-stone of the new homoeo pathic hospital on St. Kiida-road is to be laid by the Governor on July 25. At the Theatre Royal to- night John Hea nings, the scene painter, was tendered & benefit, when " The Green Lanes of England" was produied to a good house. To-morrow night is the hut night of the present manage ment, when GreviUc will receive a benefit* On Saturday " Patience will be produced. 