TOWN TALK. Heater telegraphs that thousands of Euro peons have fled from Egypt in a state of destitution, and have sought refuge in Malta and Cyprus, whore the British authorities have exerted themselves to alleviate their distress. The Australian cricketers won the match with Yorkshire by six wickets. Pearce, a New South Wales sculler, . has been matched to row Largan, who won the Sports mail's Cup the other day, over the Thames championship coursc, on the 10th July prox In addition to bearing the entire cost of the erection of the Hospital for Incurables, in Melbourne, Mrs Austin, of Barwon-parki has, through the Xlev. John Freeman, for warded to the hon. treasurer a cheque for £535 for thehospital. £375 of this is to pay the cost of the clock tower, £10 to cover the clock works from the weather, and £150 ia to be invested, and the interest to be applied to keeping the foundation stono in repair, and for the purchase of books and periodicals for the inmates. She has also purchased from Mr Gauut, oE Bourkc-street, Melbourne, aud placed iu the tower, an eiglit-day striking clock, which will strike two bells at each quarter, and have 4ft. Gin. dials. The bells weigh SJcwt and ljcwt respectively. This clock has coat £250. A meeting oE the committee o£ the Gee long branch of the Victorian Licensed Vic tuallers' Association was held at the Prince o£ Wales Hotel yesterday aEternoon, the chair being occupied by the president, Mr J. F. Tully. The meeting was convoned for the purpose of considering a telegram received yesterday forenoon from Mr Parker, secretary of the association in Mel" bourne, stating that a general meeting was to bo held in the metropolis on Monday next, with the object of taking steps to sup port the Government proposition to remove the duty on beer, and asking that delegates might bo sent from Geelong. It was unani mously "agreed, on the motion of . Mr Clifford, seconded by Mr Flahive, to co operate with the association in Melbourne, and Messrs Tully, H. Bannister, and W. Dunu (hon. secretary) wore appointed to reoresent the Geelong branch at the meeting in the metropolis! A special meeting of the Queenscliff Bo rough Council was held on Wednesday even ing, when the Surveyor laid before the mem bers plans and specifications for new baths, aud repairs necessary to the main road." The Council approved of the plans, etc., and decided to call for tenders for the two works. It was agreed that the plans for the batlis should be left for inspection at the Geelong West Council chambers for one week, then at Mr Sharp's timber yard in Melbourne, and finally at the Queenscliff Council cham bers. The tenders for the repairs to the main road will be considered at the Council meeting on the 3rd July. It was resolved to fence the triangular reserve in Wharf-street, near the Esplanade Hotel, at a cost of £23 17s Gd. A solemn requiem mass for the repose of the soul of Sister Mary Ligouri, one of the Sisters of Mercy, who died at the Gee long Convent on Tuesday, was celebrated in the Convent Chapel yesterday morning. The Ven. Archdeacon Slattory, D.D., offi ciated as celebrant, Father D. Murphy as Deacon, Father Carroll as Sub-deacon, and Father M. Murphy as Master of Ceremonies. Fathers Nulty, S.J., of Melbourne, aud D. Neylou, of Kyueton, also assisted at the Mass, and the choir of St. Mary's Church sang the musicsuitable for the occasion. The ceremonies were of a most solcmii and im pressive character. At the University examinations just con cluded the scholars sent in by Air H. F. Link, of Flinders school, have, as usual, come well to the front. All who were entered were successful, four having passed, the Civil Service examination, and three that for Matriculation. At this examination no school iu the colony has doue better than Flinders school, only one school-the Church of England Grammar School, Melbourne equalling it iu number of passes. Percy Pagett Cowderoy, Thomas Hurley, Emma Harcourt, and Margaret Oldfield passed for the Civil Service, while tho three first named passed the matriculation examination also. Although the Belmont common is fenced in, the land has scarcely got over the effects of tho flood of 1SS0, owing to the deposit of silt upon its surface. The grass growing oh the common has been very scarce, and cattle depasturing there liavo had very hard times. Yesterday afternoon a wretched looking specimen of a " good mileh cow " fell on the grass from sheer exhaustion, and shortly afterwards died. The alleged race between an equestrian and a bicyclist, from Winchelsea to Mount Moriac and back, last Sunday, formed the subject of a Police Court prosecution at Winchelsea yesterday. Three residents of the district, Messrs J. B. Riches, H. Wal lace, and Harvey, were summoned by the police for havipg " engaged in sport con. I trary to tho due observance of Sunday, the charge being brought under one of the clauses of the Police Offences Statute. ? Several witnesses were examined, but all they could prove was that a man. wa3 seen riding on a horse along tho road at the township, and some time afterwards another person riding on a bicycle passed along the Queen's highway. The magistrate, Mr J. R. Hopkins, before whom the case was brought, pointed out that there was no evidence of Sabbath desecration, and he agreed to an application by the police, for an adjournment of the case for a fortnight, in order to get further ovidencc. Mr Dwyer, the solicitor, who appeared for the defen dants, opposed the application, pointing out that the police had closed the case for the prosecution, but his appeal was not success ful. The courthouBc was crowded with eager listeners, the charge being of great in terest to residents in the country. The Jewish Synagogue, Ballarat, was crowded on Wednesday, on tho occasion of the marriage of Mr Abraham Friedman, of Horsham (brother to Mr Friedman, of Ryrie. street), to Miss Flora Simmonds, of Ballarat. There were six bridesmaids, including Miss Friedman (of this town), and they, as well as the bride, were all tastefully and elegantly dressed. It has been reported to the polico that, between' the 22nd April and tho 1st inst., 56 crossbred ewos of various ages, and 70 crossbred "weaners, of mixed sexes, were stolen from tho Berrybank station, near Lismorc, the property of Mr Joseph Mack. An aged man, named William . Gibb, ,a ^ rope maker, died suddenly, in Ballarat, on Wednesday morning. X'he deceased, who had been suffering from dysentery, has a; brother residing in this town. Among the miscellaneous information con tained in the Police Gazette is tho following interesting item: The Governor-in-Coun-; cil has ordered that tho aboriginal known aa ' Thomas Livingstone,' shall reside at the Aboriginal Station at Lako Hindmarsh." there waB a clenn charge sheet at the Police Court yesterday morning. Tho Mayor and Messrs Couvea and Pardey, Js.P., were on the Bench. On the 15th inst. a silver lover hunting watch, valued|at £7 10s, was stolon from the dwelling of Mr Alexander M'Intyre, farmer, '' at Point Henry. The receipts on the Government lines of railway for the week ending Juna 15th amounted to £27,797 10s 3d, as compared with £25,S27 9s 5d for the corre sponding week in 1881. Passengers, etc. £12,S23 18s 9d. as against £12,08815s 9d, in . 18SI. Merchandise, minerals, and cattle, £14,973 lis Gd, as against £13,738 13s Sd, in 1SS1. Aggregate to this date from 1st July, £1,627,466 10s 4d, as against £1,516,188 12s t lOdforthe corresponding period of last year.* ? Weekly average (50 weeks), £32,549 6s 7d, as against £30,323 las 5d last year. Number of miles open : 1882, 1292 ; 1881, 1216. ' The Barrabool Ploughing Match .will be held to-day in Mr Beck'a farm, two, miles . beyond Ceres. Tho paddock adjoins the main road. It is admirably adapted for the ' purpose, and as copious rains have fallen >,of, late it is in splendid condition, so that some good ploughing may beantioipated. The com* mittce have been working hard to ensure » successful meeting, and should the weather be fine, a large gathering is expected. Tho annual dinner will take place in the evening, at the Barrabool Inn, Ceres. Mr Connor, the President of the Geelbng Agricultural Society, has kindly consented to preside. The members for tho district have also inti- ?? mated their intention of being present, and, as the distance is an easy drive, from Gee- . long, doubtless < many. from town at: tho match will remain in the evening. ? ' >:> Miss Louise Pomeroy will appear" at the, Exhibition Hall on 31st July and 1st .and . .. 2nd August next. The agent of the company( Mr Frank Weston, will be in town next week/ to make preliminary arrangements. *. ?' The s.s. Alert brought the lighter Spar, rowhawk to Geelong last night. The lighter will receive cargo from this morning until .» Wednesday night. As a teacher of muaic Mr F. Pearson," ot Moorabool-stroot, has upon many occasions proved himself well qualified to impart ths necessary instruction to pupils to enable them to appear before audiences of a critical tarn of mind. Yesterday afternoon wo had. the pleasure of hearing two of his pupils' perform pianoforte muBic, and the creditable" way in which it was done reflects favorably on the tutor., Miss Emma Heath, who hag only received tuition from Mr Pearson since April, 1SS0, played two rather difficult pieces for young musicians-one being "The ' Smile," by William Papo ; and tho other, '1 Com <5 Gentil" (from Don Pas* quale), and arranged for tho left hand only. The young lady read and . played the music with freedom, and tho delicato and crisp passages in the Don Pasquale compofii. tion were given with exquisite finish and pro. - cision. Miss Hall; aged 11 years, who com menced tuition under Mr Pearson in January of last year, promises to become a clever pianist. One of the pieces played by her yesterday was " The Harmonious Black smith," by Handel, and, although she only Baw it first on the 5th inst., tho piece * was played with great accuracy for a girl of '? tender years. Mr Pearson intends to haro a concert of pianoforte music by his pupils in December next. - - -'» The Sydney Bulletin announces that tho Agent-General for New South Wales, Mr Saul Samuel, having been recently knighted, has commissioned Mr Tennyson, the poet lanreate, to write an ode on the event, to be entitled "Hand Saul Bound. " The train from Waterloo to Sydney on Wednesday morning ran into a di-ay driven1 by a man named William Allwood. The dray was completely, overturned, and Ail wood was thrown violently out. He was picked up unconscious, having sustained a fracture of the skull, besides - injuries to the body. ? Count De Beaumont, alias Henry Edward?, alias Edward Henry; was charged at the Kilmorc police court on Wednesday with forging and uttering a valueless cheque for £5 10a: After a large amount of evidence was'taken, the prisoner was committed for trial at the general sessions, to bo held on the 3rd July. The following players comprise ths team of Norwood footballers, who arrived in Mel bourne from Adelaide on Wednesday; Messrs Bragge, Brimble, Brophy, Coffey, ? Coonan, Dixon, Farmer, Trayne, JackBon, Lindsay, Liston, Longden (secretary and "vice-captain), Low, Maloney, Mahoney, Mor gan, M'Kee, M'Michael, M'Namaia, Ko chock, Waldron (captain), Watson, and' Woods. An acclimatised English salmon trout was caught by a boy in the ; Saltwater I lUver, Melbourne, and on Wednesday was ex hibited in the shop of Mr Jenkins, fishmon ger, Swanston-street, where ; it was in spected by crowds of people. The fish .' weighed exactly 41b. This ? is the first English trout that has been caught in ' tho' Saltwater Hirer, and it is supposed that it has found its way down the streams from ' tho Gisborne district. * The following comes from Adelaido :-At a recent meeting of the Salvation Army, one of the warriors addressed, tho crowd in this , way :-" Friends, look at me ; three months ago I was a drunken'fool, without a ;penny in my pocket. I joined tho Army, and now I have money in my pocket, and soma good roast beef for dinner to-morrow. .Friends, three months ago I was not married, but. now, thanks to the Army, I have a nica little wife and three children. Friends, join < thearmy." A fatal accident: occurred at Kapunda, South Australia, on Wednesday, ; A young; man, 26 years of age, whose name is at present unknown, went up from Adelaide to fix fresh gas pipes at the Bank of Adelaide. He was found dead this afternoon. He was engaged plugging a pipe, add it is supposed that while he was reaching down to the pipe the gas'was turned on at the gasworks/? and that before he could get his face away he was suffocated. It is reported,that.he. leaves a wife, to whom ho has'only been married two months. A lad named Glasson is reported (writes tho Ballarat Courier) : to have; shown symp toms of insanity during the past few days, brought on by a fright from . some persons playing ghostly pranks before him in the early morning while on his rounds delivering newspapers at Alfredton. If a practical joke was intended -by some person; that', person requires a severe punishment,, as everyone is aware by this time what antics of the sort are liable to do to the minds' of' nervous persons. _ The intercolonial champion ploughing match committeo have made some important amendments to their prize-list, which will doubtless greatly assist in making the forth coming competition; a pronounced snccesij Prizes not less than £5, nor exceeding £10, are offered for the best tiilage implemants other than ploughs, while an award of £50 is offered for the best and cheapest prepared piece of land fora seed bed irrespective of the imple' ment used in the work. The secretary has already received numerous entries from the adjoining'colonies. .. The Ballarat Courier writes s-Interest in the midnight rambler who wanders round the mullock-heaps near the "Victoria United mine, Princes-streot, Ballarat East, is in' creasing. Adventurous persons are talking of investigating the' character of the ghost (who, by the way, is an original one,. and dresses in black), but his stonethrowing propensities deter tbem. He again made his appearance on Monday night, and a police . constable would probably havS clutched him but for an unfortunate,acci dent by which the officer, slid down-oneof the mullock-heaps rather presipitately. The dark - visitor" is" said to have locked the minora in the engine-house a J; few- nights since, and to have : carried on in a mannef which stamped him asa fiendish lunatic. It is impossible that the foolish individual will be at large many nights longer, as .residents in the neighborhood . are preparing to give him a warm reception. . ' ? An entcrtainmont for juveniles, consisting 3f a Punch and Judy show, mus.c, magic, ind mirth, will bo given in tho Mechanic*! institute to-morrow. , , . Mr 0. . K. Pearson, of Moorabool-street, ltiuounce's that he has a' large selection of lew English and : foroign watches . at .his establishment. - -A" notioe of interest to cowkeepers in'tne :own will be! found in our: advertising solumnB. ' ' 