DOMESTIC SERVANTS AND THE SABBATH. TO TIIE EDITOB. Dear Sir,—I quite agree witli the sentiments of " One who loves the Day of Rest." At the same time I cannot think that the Jewish law is binding on us, but I do think that the"fourtli commandment at all events is still in force, and in that we are taught to consider our manservant and our maid-servant. I hope and believe that there are very many Christian employers who try to make the Sabbath a day of rest to their servants as much as possible. Certainly where practicable it greatly adds to a servant's enjoyment of the Sabbath to have no cooking to do, and as these things are very much habit, becomes quite as agreeable when you are used to it, at least that is our experience as a family. Still there are those who have got into the other habit, and look upon a hot dinner as part of their Sunday privileges, and in some families the only day on wliicli they are all together is Sunday, consequently the mother likes to have a nice dinner. To these I would suggest to do as much as possible on Saturday. Pastry and plum-puddings, and in cold weather blanc mange and custard, as well as various kinds of milk puddings, could bo prepared on Saturday. But, after all, the Kingdom of God is not meat and drink, but righteousness and peace and joy in the Holy Ghost. Important as I think the observance of the Sabbath rest is to every class in the community, all have a right to their own convictions, and I was sorry that our sister, in last week's issue, spoke of those who differed from her as " those who call themselves Christians." We may hope that they are Christians, and that they may yet be better Christians, by more fully carrying out the Christian precept, " Do unto others us ye would that they should do to you." That as they value the Sabbath rest themselves., tliey may be willing to extend its privileges to those who serve them. And I would just remind our Christian maid-servants that a duty lies also on them in thisrespect. They should, as much as possible even at some self-sacrifice, abstain from using public conveyances, and thus keeping other people at work for them. I often grieve to think of tramcar drivers and railway clerks, to whom the Sabbath is at least only partially a day of rest. Let us be clear from this wrong, and especially let those who wish for rest themselves not be the means of imposing it on others. Another thing also I have seen to be a great evil. Sometimes after attending evening worship I have seen knots of young men and women marching up and down the streets, laughing and aimlessly talking. Such a practice is bad in every respect. If we desire to keep holy the Sabbath day, we should endeavour to keep the holy counsels of the evening service in our minds, and not dissipate them by thoughtless conversation. If a girl is properly engaged to a young rann, let them quietly walk home together. If not, she ought to lmve too much respect for herself to allow familiarity with any young man, and I believe much good would result by a more close observance of keeping the Sabbath holy by going straight home immediately after the service, and there trying to meditate on what has been heard. Let us all strive, both as mistress and servants, to do all in the name of the Lord Jesus; then, when we have done with earth, we shall all meet "where there is neither Greek nor Jew, circumcision nor uncireumeision, barbarians, scythian, bond nor free, but Christ is all and in all." Yours, etc., A CHRISTIAN MISTRESS. 