Flotsam and Jetsam. Education and Punch and Judy. "IT isn't only peepshows, but every other sort of show that it's nat'ral for juveniles to take delight in that edjication has knocked on the head. You'd hardly think it would make a difference to Punch and Judys, but it has— specially the superior sort of Punch. It wouldnt have seemed so surprising if it had fell foul of the wulgar sort of Punch, but when it sticks itself up against what you may call the elewated and refined Punch, it only shows what a cock-o'-the-walk sort of thing edjication is. There's a friend of mine who in his time has made as much money out of his little theayter as many of the managers have made out of their big 'uns. He's lost it all, though, poor fellow, and is at this moment in Camberwell Workus. But that ain't to the pint. My friend was the first that got up a book of the play—of the play of Punch, I mean—for the use of the audiences he used to perform to at school treats and private Parties. It was a new idea, and it went down well Threepence each he used to sell the acting edition for, and sometimes he'd sell fifty before the performance began. Well, he was sent for one time to play at school break ing up at an establishment for young gentle men at Peckhara. He'd been there a year or two before, and so the chap that kept it he knew Jingler's ways, and when he wrote to engage him for the next week he asked him to send beforehand a book of the play, as he wished, in the hinteresto of morality, to make a few slight alterations in the working before it was acted at his place. Well, Jingler wasn't the man to offend a customer that paid well, and so he sent on a copy, thinking as how it wouldnt make much difference to the per formance. Fact, he thought they meant to tone down the devil a bit, and went prepared for it by making a 'spectable sort of a devil without any tail and no horns to speak of out of an old 'un he bad by him. But, bless your heart alive, sir, edjication wasn't going to let Jingler off as easy as that. ' When you've had your lunch, Mr. Jingler, we'll go over the book Ive corrected, and you will arrange the per formance according,' says the schoolmaster. But, crikey! talk about corrections ;" and the peepshow man chuckled till he had a fit of couching at the recollection of it. "If I was to live to be as old as Methusalem, I should never forget Jingler's face when he came to me and told me about it. You know what the plot of Punch is p'raps. The opening scene is Punch and Judy and their baby, and they quarrel who shall have it, and Punch sits on it and smothers it. Then they fight, and he kills Judy, and her ghost haunts him, and the beadle comes to arrest him, and Punch kills him, and then Jack Ketch comes with his sallows, and Punch bamboozles him, and gets him to put his own head in the noose, and so he does for him, and at last comes old Nick to carry him away for his sins, but Punch and Toby tackle him together, and they get the best of it. But Mr. Schoolmaster had recast the whole business. The baby wasn't to be killed at all, but when Punch and his wife are scuffling for it a stranger steps in and snatches it away, and adopts it as his own. Instead of Punch whacking Judy with his stick and killing her. she was to gradually pine away for the loss of her child, and die a nat'ral death; and Punch, he was to take to drink to console himself, and while in a state of intoxi cation to get into trouble and have a row with a beadle, who collars him off to the station house. While he is locked up in the cell there was to appear to him, not the reg'lar ghost, but his wife Judy, in angel form, persuading him to reform his ways, to the soft music of the Pandean pipes. But he don't reform, and goes on from bad to wuss, and is just agoing to be hung, when the stranger who carried off the baby makes his appearance again, with a reprieve in one hand and the young 'un in the other, and Toby reckonises the young 'un, and Punch goes on his knees and thanks the stranger, and swears to lead a wirtuous life ever after; and Toby barks and dances round 'em, and down comes the curtain. 'I think,' says the schoolmaster to Jingler, *if you'll make these few alterations it will meet the requirements of the case, and the performance, instead of being an exhibition of brutal buffoonery, will teach a moral lesson, and show the wronrfulness of quarrelling and fighting, while at the same time it will warn the youthful mind against the sin and folly of drunkenness.' Jingler thought he was chaffing him, but finding that he was serious, and that he meant it when he said he would have a moral Punch or none at all, he made the best of it by excusing himself for a day or two while he got his characters well up in their new parts, draw ing in advance the guinea he was to have for the performance. And, as he never found his way back to Peckham again, he wasn't much out o' pocket by the job. He made a joke of it at the time, and didn't dream it was a fore shaddering of what was a coming. It turned out so, however. I don't say that everybody tried to come it over him so owdacious as that schoolmaster, but one at a time all his old customers fell away from him. Edjication, they said, had opened the eyes of the rising generation, and they required something less coarse and wulgar than Punch and Judy, and so Jingler has retired to Camberwell Workus. Caraberwell isn't my parish," continued the old peep-show man, with a melancholy shake of his head, as, with his box on his back, I bade him good-day. " I wish it was, it'll be my turn to go to the workus soon, and it would have been company to have had old Jingler to talk over old times with."— Telegraph. Game.—Johnny (on his way to a party): "Oh, aunty, won't it be jolly! The fun and the games? Don't you like parties?" Aunt Annie: " Yes, dear I like the parties, but I don't go so much for such games as you little chaps." Johnny: "Ah, I forgot; the big chaps are the games you go for DOW* 