MR. MONTFORD'S ROOM. BY WAIF WANDER (W. W.). IT -was a "strange experience altogether, and I have for yeara been very chary of relating it. The sight of Colonel Ard .well's name in a late paper, however, has recalled the' whole affair so vividly to me, that I may interest you in recording it. " 'I came out to these colonies fully de termined on settling, and, when I heard that Bungarra Station was in the market, I immediately put myself in communica tion with the owner, Colonel Ardwel). I fouijd him a jolly, agreeable man of the world, and we arranged at once that he should accompany me on a visit of inspec tion to tae property. . i ; "I own to you that I shall be glad to get rid of the place,"- he said, as, during the afternoon of the second day of oar journey, we were getting near Bungarra. "I' mistook my vocation when I tried to make a country gentleman of myself. Ton see what a lonely country it is, and I do believe another six months of it would have killed me." "Have you owned the station long?" I inquired/ »' About two years, and I haven't lived the fourth of the lime on it. If- you find the place suit you, I should strongly advise you to keep on M'Laod; he's a pattern manager, and his heart is in bia work. Oh, by-the-w&y;, I forgot to tell yon that there is a sort of inoumbianoe taofeod to Bungarra lo the shape of as old womazs." "An old woman ?" "Yes; the late owner willed the sale of (Ms property on'y on condition that it should afford her shelser aad subsistence dating her life. An annuity is also provided, and a car tain room allotted to her during the re mainder of her existence." " How strangfi I" I observed. " Oh, she's eomo favourite old servant, I suppose, and Bhu'a a queer old soul, but I never found her the least trouble." " But, surely, Mr. Montford might have provided for the old woman without taoking Her on to the estate 1" I eaid. "Well, yes, it does seem odd. I didn't mind, ac I have said, but, if the old creature interferes with my sale of Bungarra, I must try and buy her eft somehow." I was enchazufid wiih Bungarra and all its unrronndiugs. I. lay in a splendid country, | a broad and magnificent view of which waB . afforded from nearly every window of the .house. And the unusual style of the said house formed not the least of its attractions to me; it was so unlike anything I had oon -ceived of oclonial architecture. The building lay on the slope of a grand hill, and was of blue-stone, and one story only. Already scarcely a Btone was visible, for a thick screen of English ivy waB flourishing around it and up to the very mouldings of the chimneys. Th,e windows -were bmall, and were of diamond-paned, old-fashioned sashes, and the deep veran dahs were heavily pillared, and even in broad daylight only held as much light: as that; afforded by a thick forest. " Fortunately the Bitting rooms face the part of the house a stranger might set down as the back, or there would be no light at all in the place/' tho colonel said, as we alighted from tho vehicle, asd introduced me to the capable-looking man M'Leod, who was manager of the estate. " M'Leod will show you over the place, for, to tell you the truth, I know very little more of it than my own three rooms and the stables. Ton will find it an oddly planned house." It was an oddly-planned house, yet one bnilt, I could qu>te believe, with the one view of suiting it to the requirements of the climate. It waB built in the shape of the letter E, with the wing of the house that corresponded with the bottom of the £ lying right against the hill. In the ceil tee of the square formed by the three angles of the building, a fountain, sup plied, as M'Leod told me, by the drainage froai the hill, scattered itB radiating spray refreshingly in the sun, and the stone portico, that completed the letter- resem blance, as it were, was covered with a climbing rose-trae, heavy with blossoms. 1 need not, however, delay my story by any unnecessary deuoription of Bangarra. I inspected it olosely, approved of, and bought the property. I saw the old woman enoom branoe, and pitied her trembling hand t>nd white, worn face, quite enough to put Ray idea of her being ia the way out of my head, but that she was quite unaware that the property had changed hands until I went to live on it I discovered within an hour of my arrival. 1 had taken up my own man, one I had brought from England with me, and as soon as M'Lsod, who had been making some arrangements with me, had gone out, Linton told me that the old woman was very anxioas to speak to me. . " She's in an awful to-do about something, sir," he added. " I think I never saw a woman's face so white in my life." My permission ushered her into the room almost instantly, and as she stood by the door, hesitatingly holding it in her hand, I had an opportunity of noticing her agitation as extreme. She was so thin and frail-look ing, too. and her deep blaok dress BO sugges tive of trouble and death, that I felt for the poor old creature, and rose to plaoe her a ohair. " Sit down, Mrs. Tone. If you have any thing to say to me, you oan say it more at your eaBe thus." She sat down and lifted her dim eyes to my faoe as she nervously fingered the corners of her blaok apron. It Beemed to me aB if she were anxiously Bonnning and trying to read my character in my faoe. "I didn't know that Colonel Ardwell had sold Bangarra until to-day, sir," Bhe began, " and I'm anxioas about it." " Oh, you may set your mind at reBt," I hastened to answer. " I am qaite aware of the life claim you have on the property, that will be all right." ".But the olosed room, sir ? Did the Oolonel tell yon aboat that ?" The question waB BO anxiously put, - and Buoh a strange one, that I looked hard into the woman's faoe as I returned. " The closed room ? what olosed room ?" "The room where Mr. Montford died," Bhe replied, in a low voioe, as her eyes fell to the fioor, and her lips trembled. " Oh, I remember now! Colonel Ardwell did say something about a room being shut up at the back-something aboat an absurd talk of its being haunted, wasn't it ? Bat the oolonel never visited it, did ho ?" "No, Bir, no foot has oroased the thres hold sinoe the master died, and he wouldn't ' rest in his grave if any foot; did." " My good woman," I said, with a firm ness shat I have no doubt gave her BOme insight into my determination of character, " if there ia one thing more utterly abominable end disgusting to me than another it iB superstitious nonsense of any sort. I will take care there are no ghosts about this house while I am its owner. Which of-these keys is that of this haunted room?" and I laid tlie bunch of keys on the table before her. She pointed to one, rusted and discoloured; "That is it, but for God's Eake, sir, be warned, for there is no lack in crossing the wishes of the dead." "When the wishes of the dead interfere with the comfort of the living, they shall not be considered at Bungarra," I replied, "Mr. Montford's wishes as to yourself he has make lawful and binding ou good parchment, but' there is no mention of a reserved room." "He had not time, or he would have done it," she murmured. "No time?" "No sir. I don't think .that Colonel Ardwell ever knew how Mr. Montford died, for he never tried to desecrate the room he cut off from the living by his expressed dying wishes, but as you sir, are determined to let light into a spot daylight should never penetrate, I tell you that Mr. Mont ford was murdered in that chamber." As she spoke, the old woman rose and curtsied to me, and then went out of the door with a tottering Btep, yet without another word. I was angry, and my curiosity was excited. I put out my hand, and touched the bsll for my man, "Linton,I said, when he appeared, " there's a room in this house, that has been shut up for years.it seems-I want to visit it-do you know in what part of the building it is ?" " I can [guess, sir, for I was wondering at the state of a door at the end of the hill wing, as Mr. M'Leod calls it. It does not seem to have been opened or dusted for ages, and the cobwebs are in every corner of it." " Here's the key of it. I am going to visit that room." As we passed along the hall that ran right through the building, and round its every wing, I' looked, but saw nothing of Mrs. Tone. I thought, perhaps, she might wish to look once more into the room that evidently held a deep interest for her-but it was not so. Somehow or other, as 1 fol lowed Linton along the dim passage that led to the closed room, I felt for the first time in my life some idea of the sensations encountered by the superstitious when they approach the dread scene of a murder or a tragedy. The door was the very last in the corri dor, and as Linton, with some difficulty, turned the rnBty key in the lock and opened the door, nothing was visible but a darkness wonderful to exist in the broad light of day. The one window opened into the quadrangle formed by the arms of the building, but it was so overgrown by the interlaced ivy that the few rays it admitted were easily caught by thp closed Venetian blind inside. Linton at onc.e drew up the blind and opened the ^window, while I eagerly waited to see what appearance was .presented by this chamber of death. It was a tolerably large room, furnished with every convenience as the bedchamber of a gentleman accustomed to be sur rounded with the luxuries as well as the comforts of life. The large half-tester bed was hung and draped with a handsome cretonne, the couch at the foot of the bed, and the easy chair by the fire-place, lyere covered with tho s&nie;, A laigg mirror occupied a prominent place on the carved toilet-sable, ou which yet remained the combs, brushes, and other toilet requisites/ probably as the last owner had lett them and directly opposite the bed and toilet were the double doora ot a large closet, in wmch still hung many garments that gave out a damp, mildewed smell as the doors were opened. The strangest- thing of all was, however, the fact that from one side of the floor, close to the bed, the rich carpet was tossed back, and the boards, whereon were great, dark staina, lay quite exposed. I use the word tossed advisedly, for the carpet was not folded back, but lay as if I it had been thrown back by a strong and hurried hand. My man raised his eyes from contemplating these dark stains, and > meeting mine said, seriously: i "This must be the room where Sir, Montford was murdered, sir." " Oh, you've heard that story, then?" I asked. " STes, sir j the waiter at the hotel where we baited told me, and seemed to wonder that I did not already know." . "Ahi and he doubtless hinted a little about a ghost, and all that sort of thing, "Well, yes, sir; he did say that this J room was said to be haunted." I "Exactly so. Now, Linton, you have I known me long enough to believe that 11 won't have any Buch nonsensical tales I about a place that has become my property. | I don't believe in ghOBts of any Bhape or I form, and, .to settle the matter, I shall J take this room as a sleeping-chamber for I myself. See that it is put in order; have I a good fire made ., throw open the door I and window; have that ivy pruned that I keeps out air and light, and to-night I'll I see what sort of ghoats haunt Bungarra." I . " All right, sir." | I was going away, leaving the arrange-1 ment entirely to Linton, when a curiosity I that I felt growing on me urged me to I ask a question: I "By-the-way, did you hear any par-1 ticulars of this murder, Linton ?'' I "I suspect the man told me all he I knew himself, sir. It seems Mr. Montford I was a very odd character, and was known I to keep all hiB money under hia own hand. I One morning when this old woman, Mrs. I Tone, came to bring bis hot water as usual, I she found him lying there on the floor in 1 his own blood, and so badly wounded that, I although he lived for two days, he scarcely I spoke, save to the lawyer that made his I will. Mrs. Tone and her Bon were with I him when he died, and no one else." I " Her son ? where is he now t" I VI don't know, sir. The old woman must I have been very fond of her master, for ihey I say she has never held np her head since, I and has aged a good twenty years sinee he I died." I I went away to the sitting-room, and sat I down to try and puzzle a meaning out of the I strange story I had heard in oonneotion with I the old woman's name. Thai some mystery I surrounded both her and the memory of her I late master, I waa certain, yet I was some-1 what uneasy as to the effect my decision to | occupy the room myself might have upon I her, so I determined to oommanioate is I myself, and see if any expression she might I let fall would be any gaide to me. I It was a lovely afternoon, the sun as it I droopod to tho west falling folly on the play- I ing waters of the fountain ia the oantre of I what I may term the court-yard, formed by the anglfia of the building. I want oat, and, J standing ia the porch, looked toward she I loom where my valet waa busy, it was on my right, at the extreme ead of the wing of the j house, as I have already stated, and then I for the first time I observed, at a little dis- I tancs from the room, and lyijig right against I Ihe bill itself, a small tenement with a I ohimney and a pa'-oh of flowers in front. I It straok me that it was thehabiiation of old I Mrs. Tone. I Impulsively I strolled across the yard, and I approached the open door of the small cot- I tage. If I had any doubts as to its being the I old woman's place of abode, the sight of her j 'seated inside, with her head bowed on the I table, and her withered handB olasped I above it, was sufficient to eel them at I rest. The poor oreature was apparently in I great agitation-great Bobs shaking her frail body from head to foot. I I could not help wondering if this awfal I gtief had anything to do with the opening of the room in which her unfortunate master I had died, bat I do not think I should have I ventured to make my presenoe known nnder I the ciroamstanoes. I had, however, hardly J drawn baok to go, when she lifted her white, I tear- stained faoe, and saw me. % The thoughts I of my mind sprang to my lips ere I had time I to think. I " I hope it Is not anything oonneoted with I the olosed room that iB troubling you thus " I I said. -" You are old enoogh to know that I Buoh fooliBh superstitions should not be I carried to the edge of the grave." i " I do not blame yon-you knowno better I and it is the will of God," she replied I shortly, as she wiped her dim eyes. ' J "You lead too lonely a life, my poor I woman," I continued, "you have brooded over the Bad IOBB ol a doubtless good maBter I until your brain has become weakened. At I your age it is not right for you to live by I yourself. Where is your son, who was here at Mr. Montford's death ?" ~ I If I had struck the woman with a stone I she could not have more visibly staggered . I she drew baok suddenly, as if from a heavy I blow, and stared at me with a terror that I almost commuaioated itself to ma. What I had I said or done to oauae such an awful I exhibition of fear and horror as Jay stark in I in that old woman's faoe ? I began to think, I as the most simple elnoidation of all the mystery that seemed to surround her, that her brain waa really giviug way under her I trouble and loneliness. I " You did not understand me, I fear, Mrs. I Tone, I only asked you if you knew where I your eon was. Ha would be company for I you and, if you thooght fit, I have no doubt employment oonU be found for him on the j station. Do you know where he is ?' I "He ia dead! dead! dead!" she oried, wildly, " dead to life, dead to hope, dead to | God, and dead to me 1" and tossing her thin I arms above her head, she tottered into an I inner ohambsr and left me^to go baok even I more bewildered than when I had left' the j parlour. I As I passed the open window of the room ! I had .decided on oconpying, I passed and) looked in; Linton had got M'Leod's house-1 keeper at work with him, the carpet was lifted and Bhaken, and the hangings removed I from the bed for the purpose of airing I and dnating, doubtless. The mattresses and bedding had also disappeared and the floor bad been scrubbed. A bright fire blazed on the low hearth, and the most superstitious would have found little of the haunted room in the appearance pre sented by the renovated chainber. I said as much to my man while the woman had gone out to bring the carpet off the grass. " Yes, sir, it begins to look more habit able, but it is too hurried; the day is wearing so fast. I have not been able to clean out the closet, which, you know, is full of the dead gentleman's clothes, and I rave put the mattrasses kand bedding in there until to-morrow-but that will not oome put." and he pointed to the blood stains on the floor by the bed, whioh were beginning to creep boldly to view again from the drying moisture of the scrubbing brush. " Never mind; the carpet will cover it," was my reply, as I went away. Well, night came, and bedtime, when escorted by my attendant, I went to spend my first night in the mysterious chamber. Nothing could look more comfortable. My own easy-chair and slippers stood by the dear fire; all-my toilet requisites were spread out on the anowily-draped toilet, the silver tops and stoppers reflecting themselves brightly in the tall, dark mirror behind them. The lamp burned clearly, and the bed, folded down ready for occupation, looked soft and white, and enticing enough to tempt a man lesB fatigued than I found myself to the soundest of slumbers. " Would it not be as well for me to sleep on this couch to-night, sir, so as to be handy in case you want me?" Linton hesitatingly asked as he was about to retire, and was lowering the light with the evident intention of leaving it burning. "WhatI" I aimoBt roared, "am I to have you turning superstitious on my hands, too Linton P Well, I give you notice, that if I ever see suoh another symptom of it, you leave my service, if you had been twenty instead of ten years in it. What should I want you for ? or if I should, there is a bell close to the bed. Fut out that light, and go," Before complying, the man took the bell' pull which was the old-faBhioned oord and tassel, and twined it lightly round the bed post, BO as to be within reach of my hand, then he blew out the light, and went out 011 tip-toe, and without another word. It would bo falsa to Bay that I did not experience any unusual sensations as I lay there in tao semi-darkness, and in the room where a dread tragedy had been performed, for I did. Nob that Iiwaa afraid, or had the least anticipations of any spiritual visitation, but I goi to pioturing that last night of Mr. Montford, and fancying his sensations as he awoke with tha murderer's knife at his breaBt. A struggle for dear life had been enacted on the very bed I occupied; ruddy blood had poured so deeply into the boards by my side that the Btalns yet bore witnass figalnst tha murderer and refused to be ob literated. Who was the murderer? I knew nothing of the affair save what I had g ithsred that day, and I was igaorant of a /act that I afterwards discovered, viz., that Mr. Montford was suppoeed to have recognised the npillsr of blood, but sealed his lips as to his identity, that remained to th*t very day unknown. The glow of tho red embers alone gave a faint light around the hearts, and the ?llsnce, aav® by th» ticking of my watch above my head, was unbroken. The un accustomed air, exercise, and excitement of the day had fatigued me, and gradually my thoughts began to wander and grow con fused. I fell tkBleep, and knew no more until I was suddenly awakened by a strange con oussion that I could not comprehend, and which seemed to have shaken the bed as though some heavy body had violently struck against it. I sat up in bed and listened. For a moment I could have fanoied that some one waB in the room, and that I heard a door creak, but, feeling angry with myself for being so impressed by what must have been a dream, I took the matches from the night, Btand, struck one, and lit the re^dy WAX light. A* eoon as it fairly thcew its illumina tion roand the chamber I saw lying at the look of the bed tha bedding and mattressna removed by Linton from the bedstead I lay upon. I was very.angry, for I felt considerably shaken by the .sudden start 1 had been awakened with, and I took advantage of my man's arrangement of the bell-rope to pull it lustily. Linton made his appearance so quickly that it was evident he had not retired, and he presented himself with a frightened looking face that still further aggravated me. " What is the matter, sir 7 Oh!" and he stared at the bedding on the floor in such undisguised astonishment that I oould have struck him. " The matter ? Yon see it well enough. How dare you, sir-how dare you arrange that bedding bo carelessly in .the closet that it must come tumbling out in the dead of night ? At my time of life it might be of very serious consequence to me to be awakened by a shook like this." " I begyour pardon, sir; I packed the heap up with my own hands, and it seemed to me an impossibility for it to tumble down." "There's your impossibility!" I said, pointing to the annoying matter. *' Take it ont of this, to the passage, the yard, any where, so that I am ensured from a repetition of this annoyance." " But the oloset. door is shut,. sir. Have you been up ?" No, I had not been up; yet there was the oloset door olosed to a oertainty. II Bah 1 it has a tendency to close itself like many other doors," I remarked. 11 Get that rubbish out and take yourself off, Linton." The man passed round to take up some of the blankets, eto , for removal, and, all at onoe, I saw him stop and droop the osndle he oarried in bis hand toward the floor. "You haven't been out of bed, Bir," he Baid, looking at me with a puzzled and rather frightened expression-'" you haven't noticed the oarpet " The oarpet ?" I leaned over the bed to see what was the matter with the oarpet,jand waB more than astonished, for the floor was bare where the Btains, were and the oarpet flang back, jast as I had observed it to be on my first visit to the room. I knew it could not have been BO when I had retired, as I entered the bed from the oarpeted spot where Mr. Montford's blood had been spilled. " There's some trickery going on here," I declared, "and that old woman's in it. Take out that heap of rubbish, and, when you have done so, I will look the doorgbehind you 1" I oould perceive from Linton's manner that he was far from being at ease, and oaBt furtive looks toward tho closet as he passed it. He did not, however, offer to open or Beatoh it, but, when he had onoe more retired, I rose, locked the door, and opened that of the oloset, whioh had no look, but simply a latoh, lilted by means of a brass handle on the outBide. It waB not even latched, and, though hung round with clothes, could by no means have afforded concealment to a human being. Again I returned to bed, having assuredly latchtd the door of the oloset I had closely examined, and drawn up the blind, against i which the moonlit shadows of ivy leaves i were ^flickering as the soft brme moved them to and fro. It was some time ere I slept again. In spite of my reasoq I felt pomewhat nervoi^a and 111 at ease. I forgot to ^ay that ^IntoQ had re-spread ti^a (iarpet q^eu the unholy ?tains, and it w&g; the fact of the carpet" being removed that puzzled me most. But at last, with the full determination of throw- I ing some light on the mystery by a full seaich on the morrow, I dropped off asleep j once more. It must have bfteA instinct that awoke me next, forj as I suddenly opened my eyes, nob a sound fell upon my eaB*. \7ith an unacknowledged diaUka to> turn my. back towaid the side Iron* tjrl)i b«eg so mysteriously removed, I had fallen a*ia«p with-my face toward it and toward tu« wlndorr. 1 nv the shadows of the ivj leaves, and the moon's rays streaming batwoan them, and, aa I more fully aroused myself, I became conscious of a dark object lower down, and between me nod the lower part of the window-some being was doubtless in the room with me /. i did not move. I watohad it to closely thai, even ia the darkneBS below the window, I fac^an to fancy I could trace the outlined shade of a kneeling human form. The bowed head, that alone roBe to intervene between mo and the brightness of the moon lit window, seemed to oicillate Blowly to and fro, and a something bright certainly gleamed in what appeared to be clasped hands over which long volhminouB eleevea draped them selves darkly. So n«ar seemod that figure to me that, reaching out my hand, I could have touched it, yet, coward than I was after all, I dared not stretch it out. Onu movements I made. It was to seise tho matches for tfcrn purpose of striking a ligh>. As I did so, and the growing blazs grew, flickered, and caught the wick of the wax light, I eagerly looked toward the window. There was nothing there-not the shadow of a Bhadow, but the carpet was again thrown buck from the stains of blood. I slept no more that night, 'and was rejoiced to see the daylight appeal after the longest hoars of darkness I had esrer ex perienced. While yet in the silence and depth of night I had to own to myself that I erperlanced a sort of unaccountable awe at the apparently unearthly visitations I had" experienced; bat as the daybeams broke sunnily into the weird roam I begin to fancy I must ime dreamed of thai kneallag form, or pictured It to myself by the farce of an excited imagination. It required only the sight: of the diaarraaged carpet to assura me that some kind of unknown power had really been at work in the locked room. I rang the bell, rose and unlocked the door to admit Linton, whose very first look was one of horror at the again disturbed carpet ; knowing I Bhould require his assistance in th« thorough examination I Intended making, I told him my experiences of the night while I w.is dressing. '' We are tlie subjects of some trick, the object of which is to keep as oat of this room," I concluded. " The trlok I am bent upon discovering for the p.urpoie of punish ing its authpr- The objoct, I dareiay, will be found out also; bu« I am certain that old ' woman has something to do with both." First I caused every article of attire to be turned out of the clonet, and made a close search of it for some sarraptl&lous; moans of entrance, tint 1 could find none. Then, while I/nfcon was disposing of the la^e Mr. Montford's garments, ore.r hedges and fences, f->r the purpose of being thoroughly aired, I went to old Mrs. Tone's cottage, intending plainly to accuse her of having annoysd me during the night, but I wan fated to be dis appointed at every step. The cottage was locked up and silent, and the vory key had disappeared from the key-hole. " Someone there must be residing in (he neighbourhood who is acquainted with the circumstances of Mr. Montford's death," I ?aid to my man, after breakfast. " I shall ride over to the township and see if I can not find out the medical man who attended him at his death. "That will be ussiest, sir," Linton re plied. "I have been inquiring of Mr. M'Leod, the manager, and he says the doctor here is a new man, come since he did himself, which was only when Colonel Ardweil bought the property. Do you think, sir, that it would be any gooi to enquire of the Catholic elurgymau ? They siy the dead gentleman was a very strict Rjaxan Catholic, and so is Mrs. Ford." "It ciin, at least, do no hsrm to °try end get seme advioe in the afi*lr,"'I said; " but you Jmay be suie if the clergyman knows anything he has been bound to aecrwy, or more of the affair would be known in the neighbourhood. However, I stall call on the clergyman." And in an hour I had ridden from Bun garra, leaving Linton strict orders to keep the mysterious chamber close fastened until my return. I was fortunate'in finding Father O'Connor at home-and an intelligent and friendly man-of-the-world. He listened to my rela tion o! my troubles a nd mysteries with a face that grew more and more serious as I proceeded. When I related the fact of Mrs. Fone's disappearance he rose suddenly, and with some excitement. "I must return to Bungarra with you, sir," He said. (t You are quite right in sup posing that I know much of the jacts of Mr. Montford's murder that are unknown to th« police; theie facts were confided to me under seal of confession-a seal which death must soon break if it has not already done so. Excuse me while I order my horse." We retained together to the station, and nearly in silenoe, as the pries 1 seemed anxiously brooding, and in haste to reach oar destination. As soon as we dismounted in the court, he walked straight to Mrs. Tone's door, and knooked and oalled loudly, " Mary I Mary Tone I open, it is I, Father O'Connor," bat there was neither reply or Bound, and, without further parley, being a tall, powerful man, he pat hi3 ehoalder to the door and barst it open. There was no one in the little room, and DO sign of Uto habitation. As the prieBt was about to enter,the back apartment, be tamed to me and said, harriedly: " Oblige me by going to Mr. Montford's room, sir, I will join you there shortly, and explain all this,'' and he disappeared, closing the door behind him. "These extraordinary proceedings cer tainly require some explanation,*' I observed, with some annoyanoe, to Lintpn, who was standing at the door, "bat open the door and let ns await his reverence as he has indicated."' The hannted room being, as I have before said, the last of the wing against the hill, it was bat a few steps from Mrs. Tone's place, yet to gain it we had to go round by the portico and so along the hall to it. Iiinton plaoed the key in the door, tamed it in the look, and drew baok to allow me to enter, I did until I had passed the threshold, and then, with an exclamation half of fear and half of amazement, I stood still for a moment to realise the awfal picture before my eyes. On the bare floor by the bedside, for the replaced carpet had again been drawn baok, a figure in a long, dark and ooarse garment was lying gtiU and motionless. The figure was that of a man, and the portion o! the countenance unhidden by the tangled grey beard was ghastly white and emaciated to extremity. The sunken eyes were open partially, and the thin hqnds clasped to the scarcely heading fereaet a silver crucifix. From tho pa&ttion; in which the body l$y iti ^oqlg eeera as if the man l^ad fallen oyer fcom hia knees, and it was but too evident th^t he was dying-even in that moment of painful surprise it flashed ' upon me that I was looking upon the murderer of Mr. Montford! j At this moment, to .fitly greater si^rprlee,! Father O'Connor entered the room by the door of the closet, and, kneeling by the dying man, raised b's bead on bis knee, Evidently he ,®aa recognised, for a pad ssafta pasted over his lips as he weakly murmured. " It is just, Father, 1, on the spot where T , tpofc life," and bis head fell over and rested I a dead cheek on the daik stain of the blood i he had spilled. I cannot e7«n yet teoli witkous pain thu f«eliogo I experienced dating the next fe* hours at my new purchase. Tae clergyman had ionnd Mra. Tone in a dying a idle in the ottllar that had served as her son's volun'arj hiding piaae from the world alaca the murder of her master. It w*a impoasible and im politic to attompt further concealment, and a maguterial inquiry aeld oa the bodies brought to light must of tha particular* related to me prlva-.ely by F»iiier O'Connor. "John Tone had always been a* wild ohaidoter," he said, ''and the tame life at Bungarra did not suit him, BO ht made np his mind to rob his master of the gold he knew was kept in a small vault communi cating with Mr. Montford's room by a well conoealed spring door in ihe oloset. He did noa calculate on his master's waking and recognising him, however, and in his terror of diaoovery and panishment stabbed him'to the death, aB he hoped. He did not imme diately die, however, and the mother's pleadings for her sou's life acted so npon th6 dying gentleman that he helped to oonoeal the orime, entrusting the truth to none bat me. I lelt less responsibility in keeping the secret as the wretched man was so overcome with repentance and remorse as to be un willing to look in the face of day, and hae spent those years in penanceB and prayere and fasuug that would have worn oat a stronger frame than his. It was his prac tito to pray nightly on the epot he had spilled blood-ms orime was great, his atonement was heavy-may God rest hie soul." I Jaave spent many happy days at Bun garra sinoe theBu events. My only ana widowed sister has joined me from iiome, and her happy children make the fine old house gay with lively voioes. The ivy on the stone wails is green and clustering, the roBes on the poroh, blushing and sweet Bcented. Tho .fountain plays and sparklet! its diamond spray in the sun, and there are no ghoBis haunting the long halls, yet, I mast confess to the weakness of having razed Mrs. Tone's cottage to the ground and xe dosed Mr. Moutford'B room. 