W l". are sorry, in common -with all chari table people, to learn that Sir Charles Sladen has been compelled to retire from political life through ill health : at the same time we are not at all surprised to find that ho has no desire to sit any longer in the Chamber which ho worked so hard and so inotl'ectuully to keep un- reformed. Sir Charles Sladen allowed the old House to die of inanition, rather than havo any new blood transfused into its veins, and it is only natural that he should not care to havo the ghost of his victim perpetually before his eyes. But for the ascendency of his counsels over . tlie small and not very bril liantly endowed body of elderly gentlemen, who were dimly conscious of having their thoughts put into words by him, and who followed him as their leader because they could not take a single step of themselves without being led by some one, all the agitation which hasdistracted Victorian society for thclast twenty years or moro would have been spared to it. We should not have had the M'Culloch deadlock nor the Berry deadlock, and much of tho valuable time that he wasted in futile attempts to stem the tide of democracy would have been given to the work of useful legislation, to the great benefit of the entire com munity. For his attempts have all been failures. Ho has consistently op posed every Liberal measure with out success. Protection to native industry, tho abolition of State aid to religion, the Education Act, the land tax, the liberalisation of the land law, andtho reform of the Constitu tion in a really liberal direction/all en countered his strenuous resistance at one time or another, and all have been placed on the Statute Book in spite of him. His friends point to this as evidence of invincible consistency ; but a less super ficial estimate of his character will cer tainly attribute it to the blindness which cannot see the drift of the forces that are at work 'about him. That they should mourn his departure from the scene of his labors can readily be understood ; for he was not only the organ and mouth piece of his party, but he supplied it with qualities in which it is lamentably defi cient. He wa3 well bred, truthful aud re spectable — in short, as little like Mr. Bent as possible — and his presence in tho front parlor could always be pleaded as a set off to tbo patronage that was extended to Mr. Bent in the servants' hall. That he has not left his party in a more com manding position than it occupies at present shows that though he worked for it to tho best of his .ability, his ability was not equal to the task of pro tecting it against its own extraordinary alacrity in sinking. It was a pleasant humor of the Conservative writers to represent him as tho glorified leader of the counter-revolution which had for its ob ject the speedyextirpation of the newborn Liberal principles that were making their way into society under tho pernicious infl uence of The Age aud other exponents of advanced thought But this daydream has been rudely expelled by the touchstone of a very short ex perience. It has not taken long to show that the Conservative reaction has no existence outside the Conservative imagination. The utmost that Sir Charlos Sladen's friends . have been able to do is' to put in power the men who above all others were most distasteful to him, Mr. Grant and Sir Bryan O'Logb- len— the sturdiest opponents of the territorialism which ho idolised, and served so faithfully-. Thi3 is literally all that remains to represent the re naissance that is supposed to hate sprung out of his labors and sacrifices, and tho birth of which is about to be celebrated by his canonisation in marble in tho Public Gallory. By all means lot him have his niche in the Conservative Pantheon ; but we beg to romind his wor« shippers that the act of deification will not wipo out of the public memory ohe curious and, significant circumstance— namely, that at the very moment the great Conservative reaction began in earnest Sir Chnrles Sladen walked out of the Council drooping and crestfallen by one door, and Dr. Beaney was within an aco of invading tho Sanctuary by another. The celebration of a Conser vative triumph under such perplexing conditions, we submit, is something of a paradox. In saying this, we do not in the least begrudge Sir Charles Sladen the honor that is in store for him. If we might suggest to the fortunate sculptor who shall bo selected to embody the raptures of Conservatism for it a device that would thoroughly sym bolise his career, it would be to repre-. sent him in the character of Ajax defy ing the lightning, or Mrs. Partington mopping ouc tbo Atlantic Ocean with her"' broom. Posterity would see at a glance thnt here we have a man with 9 divine mission to perform for his genera tion, and would-be able to carry away, 0 fair idea of its magnitude and import ance, and of the way in which he did it. A good man struggling with adversity is always a healthy object to contemplate but who can over-estimate tho lessons ta he learnt from the picture of a states man , grappling with the march ol Time himself I Sir Charles Sladeo has the advantage of posterity in one re- spect, because they will never know how very much his task was lightened for him by the easily satisfied zeal and . intelli gence of his party. While he expressed their conscience for them by abusing the new rationalistic spirit which called iu question their most treasured prejudices, he was careful to make no heavy tax upon their understanding by travelling afield in search of novel arguments o« reasons. His profession as an attorney had furnished him with a limited but handy stock of quips and quidlibets, and as long as he had May and Todd at his elbow he was always sure ofbeing able to play upon their natural veneration for a good safe precedent. The precedents were few, and were easily learnt ; and as the situation was always tho same, they were brought forward with rigorous fidelity. What was wanting in grammnr or eloqueuce was made up in zeal and sincerity ; and . if anybody quarrelled with him for contributing nothing to statesmanlike politics, the answer was that it was rather as the professional ad viser of a party than as a statesman tlrat he was ambitions to be remembered in history, if he is remembered at all. -His ambition, if wo can forecast the verdict of history, wo promise him will be gratified. On Saturday last we offered a practical solution of the question how money has become dear and the market, tight, by showing the enormous strain on our monetary resources through the ex traordinary increase in the import busi ness of the Australasian colonies since 18S0. Further, it was demonstrated that, the movement being in common throughout the group, the explanations offered in connection with local trans actions, such as advances to the various Governments, land syndicates, sugar planters and squatters, touched only the contributory influences, and quite overlooked the main drain oh the market. In its issue for December the Banking Record furnishes somo valuable statis tics showing the extent of the increase in the demand for money of late, and the fact that we find the same common increase in advances made by the banks as we do in the imports into all the colonies furnishes secondary evidence of tho correctness of our views. Taking the figures only of the twelve months ending tho 30th Sep tember, we have tho following totals of the advances made in the various colo nies by the banks : — 30th soptTj " sotii sept.',' 1' 1S31. 1S82. Increase. Victoria .. 21.sfo,770 25,5S0,1!I4 4,253, <18 N. S. Wales.. 19,743,202 24,440,329 4,007, 007 New Zealand.. 12,487,843 15,057,108 2,509,200 S. Australia.. 0,154,417 8,550,585 2,402,103 Qucciisiand .. 4,882,930 0,791,745 1,903,759 Tasmania .. 1,753,(08 2,043,874 290,230 W.Australia.. 470,897 504,708 90.871 Totals Q0.S1C.824 i 78.455.737 I 10.217.779 Although the advances have incroascd £10,217,779 during the year, the de posits during the same period increased £5,016,173, thodifference, £11, 171, GOO, being the amount tho , banks Jrnve had to find from their own resources to meet the demands made upon them. Now if we compare the exports, to the various colonies from the United King dom alone for the same period, we find that Victoria increased her orders nearly 25 per cent.; New South Wales, 33 per cent.; Queensland, nearly 100 per cent.; and New Zealand, 33 per cent. Taking tho Australian colonies as a whole, they had to find £4,620,000 additional to pay the United Kingdom alone for in creased . shipments from her ports ; that is, we have imported goods from the United Kingdom during the year to the extent of £4,620,000 in excess of the corresponding period in 13S1, and as our exports show no corresponding increase, but rather the reverse, we have . had to pay this amount to the English vendors. Therefore the bank advances are accounted for in one direction. To this has to be added the increase of our imports from India, China and other countries, which have contributed to swell the balance against Australasia. As long as we were lending the- money amongst onrselvos, no pinch more than a momentary one could bo experienced, but it is the absorption of gold by 1(ue -outsido demand which has caused tab strain experienced in the Australasian money market at the present moment. We do not, however, take the rather alarmist view, of the situation which the Banking Record would appear to accept, simply because we cannot agree with its statment as to what the banks position towards the public was on the 30th of September last, which was given as follows : — Advances .. .. «« £S3,0S4,C03 Coin and bullion held . . . » 10,757,632 Landed property held .. .. 2,021,530 Notes and bills of other baoks 865,408 — — £90,779, CM Deposits .. .. . £00,471,972 Nolo circulation .. .. .. 5,110,163 Bills In circulation .. 802,129 —£71,534,264 Difference, being amount provided tann . __ the banks' own resources £ J, 895, Via) This difference, according, to tho P.ioord, «bsorb3 not only the entire capital and reserves of the banks, but has necessi tate! 1 their borrowing £"',500,312 from outside sources. However correct this assumption may 4>e in dealing with the actual position of the banks' general ac count, it certainly will not stand good in regard to their advance account to tk.o public, which stands thus — I'fji'wits £0(5,471,972 and bills lr: circulation f», 4 12,232 Capital twul Hcserves .. .. 19,304,717 Amount available for the public .. .. £91.275,051 Ail ranees £ 3,034,003 property .. .. Due other banks .. .. 365,413 SC, 021,601 Balance still in bands of the banks . . . . £5,257,320 This .balance of £5,257,320 is- part of the coin and bullion held on the 30th of September last by tbe banks. The total sum in hand was £10,757,632, or £5,500,312 in excess of what the banks hold from tbe public in the . shape of deposits and capital, and - reserves. .This balance is doubt less a portion of the sums which, writing from London on the 25tli August, Messrs. IVm. "Westgarth and Co. thus refer to : — " The large " balances of spare money held hero by "the Anglo-Australian banks for the " last two years are now being all re- " turned for full employment at the " other side at advancing rates of dis- " connt." It is a portion of the spare unti&ey; lately held in London. Why the Record debits advance account with cash in hand is difficult to understand. We do not usually say that we have " laid out " our . money when all the time it is in our breeches pockets. Apart from this we quite agree with the statements of the Record as far as it goes, notwithstanding tbe primary cause of the present tightness of the money market is ignored in favor of purely contributory influences. Anything like permanent relief from the present scarcity of money in Aus tralasia can only bo obtained byexercising more caution in the matter of purchases abroad. If we insistupon buying in excess of the domestic purse, we must fall back on lenders to supply tho difference bo- tween what we can pay for oursolvesand our bills ; and it wants no economist to prove that the indulgence in this practice to any extent must lead to financial dis aster. As to the immediate future of the money market, we are more hopeful than the Record, because we shall have contributory influences at work furnish ing a supply of money in the London market to meet our reqnirements. At tho 30th of September, the date of the bank returns, only a very small por tion of the Australasian wool clip had been shipped, the figures boing Bales. Victoria 17,70S New South Wales .' 12.S28 South Australia 12,074 Total 42,610 Taken at the average of £15 per bale, this would only give £639,150. From the 30th of September to the opening of the present month the ship ments from all the colonies are valued at £3,000,000 ; and as the total clip is set' down at £15,000,000, wo still have £12,000,000 available from a single staple to meet demands. Tho wheat crops of South Australia, Victoria and New. Zealand will also add something to the general balance to our credit in .Lon don, and this, with the successful nego tiation of the Australian loans, which, if floated in the coming year, will bring in something like an extra £10,000,000 sterling. These reliefs to the stringency of the market will, however, be only tempo rary, unless we are prepared to adopt a different policy in the future in regard to our trading operations. It . was the fashion in IS 78 and IS 79 to attribute to local politics our commercial misfor tunes, whilst the present Administration fire credited with having brought about " peace, progress and prosperity. " Such a conclusion is fallacious in tho extreme. In tho first named years we were reaping the effects of our earlier over trading, the imports from tho United Kingdom rising from £1 ), 775, 000 in 1S72 to £20,283,400 in 1 S 78. Then came the collapse, followed by failures and com mercial distrust in all tbe colonies, and our demands were reduced to £! 0,663, GOO in 1S79 ; in lt-SO they only increased to £17,077,700, but since that date the increase has been 65 per cent. We have been following pre cisely the same courso which marked the earlier history of tho present decade, and if we do not suffer in the same manner we shall be extremely fortunate. Our figures prove two very important points. First, that the tightness of . the money market is due to over-importa tion ; and second, that it is that tight ness and its causes, and not local politics, that influence our local business. Mr. Kerry in power cannot be chargeable with commercial misfortunes arising out of the overtrading of an earlier period, nor can Sir Bryan O'Loghlen claim the improved position of business wbich aroso out of a contraction in demand and a subsequent inflation of imports. 