CRICKET . GLADSTONE V CALTOWIE. The above clubs met for the second time this season, on Saturday last, on the grounds of the former, and, as on the previous occasion resulted in a win for Gladstone. The Cal- towie team arrived about 2 p.m. and a start was at once made ior the oval. The day was exceptionally fine for cricketing, not being too hot and an entire absence of dust. Scruttun, the Gladstone Captain, won the toss and sent his men first to the wickets. Rowell and Buckerfield wielding the willow. Stick and Sumner doing the trundling business. Buckerfield was the first to go, bowled by Sumner. Kyloh filled the vacant position and retired without troubling the scorers a fast shooter from Stick disturbing his timbers. Kearney put in an appearance, joining Rowell who had been playing his usual good cricket, and the two. batsmen by smart running made things very lively for the field. S'unner eventually bowled Rowell for 10 made by sterling cricket without a ghost of a chance. Kearney was caught and bowled by Stick for 10. The remaining seven men divided five runs betweeu them. The innings closed for 39 including a dozen sundries. This total the Caltuwie team thought " Good enough," but Kyloh was in grand form with the ball and was quite un playable. McDonald and Lee were the first to do battle for Caltowie. Lee w»i3 well caught by Jas Bonnar at point without scor ing. McDonald obtained three singles. Cooke was disposed of for a single, aiid the Captain for nil. Five down for four runs 'was any thing but pleasant for Caltosvie when Sunnier appeared on the scene, he ought to have been . sent to the right-about first ball, for giving a very easy catch to Jas Bonnar which was de clined, S u inner showed his gratitude afterwards by hitting hard and run up 17 before Kearney- bowled him, but for this score Caltowie total would have been small indeed. Robinson contributed 5 not out, and Wetiham a like number. The innings closing for 33. Glad stone started their second innings and were on a fair way to make a much longer stand then in their first innings. When stumps were drawn they had three wickets down for 32 runs, Kearney 1.3, Scrutton 6 and Jno-. Bonnar 9 " not out" being the principal scorers. The fielding on both sides Was very good, and we must not omit the catch made bjr Sumner that disposed of . Jno Bonnar which was really a grand one. . For the losers Stick and Sumner bowled well and secured good averages, and for the victors Kyloh aucl Scrutton did great execution, Kyloh especially who secured five wickets for ten runs. The longstopping of Rowell for Gladstone was excellent and clean, not a sundry being credited against him, and had the Caltowie men kept down their suudries there is nodonbt but that they would have re turned victors. Messrs. W. Sampson aud H. McDonald acted as umpires for the respective clubs in an efficient manner and their deci sions were impartial. Messrs Tapley and McGowau did the scoring. The usual cheers were given and returned after which Caltowie team started for home. Subjoined are the scores — GLADSTONE. FIRST INNINGS. Umpire Mr W. Sampson. Capt. Mr Scrutton. Rowell, b Sumner 10 Buckerfield, b Sumner 2 Kyloh, b Stick 0 Kearney, c and b. Stick 10 Scrutton; b Sumner . 0 Kelly, b. Stick 2 Jas. Bonnar, c. and b Sumner 2 Warren, b Stick 0 Allen, not out 1 Burnett, c Lee b Sumner 0 Jno. Bonnar, c.and.b Sumner 0 Sundries 12 . Total 30 balls maidens wickets runs Stick, 72 5 4 11 Sumner, 6S 2 6 16 second innings. Scrutton, b Sumner 6 Kearney, b Stick 13 Kyloh, run out 0 jno. Bonnar, not out 9 Warren, not out 0 Sundries 4 Total for 3 wickets 32 balls maidens wickets runs Stick, 30 2 1 9 Sumner, 36 1 .1 19 Parkes, 12 2 C 0 CALTOWIE. first innings. Umpire Mr II. McDonald. Captain Mr Stick A McDonald, c Buckerfield b Scrutton 3 Lee, c Jas Bonnar b Scrutton 0 D McDonald, b Scrutton 0 Cooke, c Jrio Bonnar b Scrutton 1 Stick, b Kyloh 0 Sumner, b Kearney -17 Parkes, b Kyloh 1 Trestrail, b Kyloh 1 Moore, b Kyloh 0 Itobinson, not out 5 Wenham, b Kyloh . .5 Total 33 balls maidens wickets runs Kyloh, 67 6 5 10 Scrutton, 54 2 4 16 Kearney, 18 0 17 