EABXY CLOSING. It is a trite remark that the power of united action in civilized communities is infinitely greater than among hordes of wandering barbarians. Yet it often seems as it we failed altogether to realize the necessity for combined action, and the large results it can achieve. We certainly seem to a large extent oblivious of it in dealing with the early-closing question. It may be taken for granted that very few people who have given the matter any serious consideration can have the least doubt that an immense amount of mis chief is wrought week by weak to the? employes in our shops by the loug hours they are' Kept' serving, the,, public, mpre especially on Saturday nights: And it is - not a mere matter of health, though in jury to the constitution would of it3clf be quite sufficient condemnation of the system. The excessive fatigue and the overstrung nerves which afo the inori table consequences of fourteen or iiftecu hours' work tell their own talo very plainly in many a wan face in the shops of our city. 'But there is often a sadder talo than this, which might be directly traced to tho influence of this vicious system. If the consequences of abnormally .long hours, of stimulants resorted to when the mind and body have lost tone and fibre, were given in detail in this case and the other, people might be heard to ask indignantly, ' How long is such a state of things to continue f ' But why, should special cases be invoked to rouso sym pathy, -when the broad general faots are so unmistakable and so conclusive 1 Wo need; know very little of -the snares and pitfalls of city life to be awaro that' to artificially increase the temptations of young men and young women in any call ing is a gratuitous and selfish evil; and! we can know nothing of the personal history of our shop employes if no cases have come under our notice in which the better 'purposes and better aspirations 'of some have gradually fallen away before the slow wearying grind of each week's overwork. It . is very possible to exaggerate on either side in a question of this kind;' Some may ask with a sneer, 'Where are the young men and women who are thirsting for intellectual improvement, but whom a selfish public and grasping: employers keep from the pure- streams of knowledge !' To which it may be replied that it is scarcely fair that shop assistants of either sex should be ex pected to cherish higher ideals of life than the classes above' them. What per centage of the young men and women who have abundance of leisure and oppor tunities do we find pursuing any syste matic course of self- culture ? If shop assistants fail to make the best use pos sible of their opportunities, are we there fore justified in depriving them of their righteous leisure? If a child has weak' lungs we would hardly expose it to excessive cold with a view to eradicat ing the weakness. If we want seed to bear good fruit we do not, as a rule,' sew it in Btony ground, in places where thorns and briars are most - likely to abound. Most of us have reason to regret that ' More swiftly now the hours take flight,' that tho conflicting pursuits forced on us by a complex civilization and by our various relationships in life too much abridge the time that should be devoted to mental improvement, and to the cause of our fellow-creatures.. How then; can we supinely see any section of the community robbed of the proper us© and benefit of the one day in the week which should of right be devoted to the service of God and man ? For it is useless to deny that the cruelly late hours to which shops are kept open on Saturdays force the employes very largely into malfi-ig Sunday Bimply and solely a day of listless idleness. And here no words could more fitly b9 quoted than those of the late Rev. F. W. Robertson, who, in a speech delivered by him at the Town Hall, Brighton, in 1849, on the question of early closing said ;— '.' Early closing is necessary for 1 jisurev Man was not made to divide his time between study and work. Besides ttatf there must be recreation. He who- made the eye spread around us this world of beauty, and caused the contemplation of it' to be accompanied by the feeling of in tense enjoyment. He who threw into the heart the power of domestic affection gave' it delight in domestic sympathy. He who led His disciples into the desert to ' rest awhile' made man for recreation. And, therefore, I am prepared to take it on the lowest ground. The young men require,, not merely mental instruction, but time for pleasure, for social enjoyment, for recreation. It is partly for this purpose the Sabbath is necessary for man. It is necessary, in the first place, to nurse the human, and in the second to nurse the divine, within him. You have in the first necessity for rest, in the second necessity for worship.' In discussing the subject of early closing people often refer to the greed of employers as one of the barriers in the way of reform. But in reality the question is one which is almost entirely in the hands of the public. Shop-- are kept open exclusively for the purpose of selling goods. If purchasers choose to decide that after a certain hour they will make no purchases, the most grasping shopkeeper would close when he found that it was useless to expect customers. What are the difficulties in the way t The chief, we are told, is that working people have got into the habit of shopping late on Saturdays, and that while they adhere to the practice there ia pcant probability of early closing. This statement is confirmed by the fact that a few of the shops least patro nised by working people find it competent to close early on Saturday. To the work ing people, then, an appeal should be universally and systematically made in, this cause. They have won for them selves great privileges in securing the universal adoption of the eight-hours system. It could easily be shown that the inconvenience arising from this shortening of the hours of labour are far greater to employers and tho public than any disadvantage that could be caused by the early closing of shops. But the popular mind was ripe for revolt on the subject, and the contest was carried by the workmen to a trium phant issue. Having secured their own rights as to the hours of labour, it is hard that they should be selfishly indifferent to the hardships that are inflicted on other workers? We can not, and do not, bslieve it. We are convinced that late shopping is 'an evil wrought by want of thought' far more than by 'want of heart.' Universally we hear people deploring the injustice inflicted by the public on shop assistants by the practice of late shopping on Satur days. Surely the time has come for de termined action to give practical effect to this feeling. We do not want lepjs lation in this matter. What we want is combined effort on the part of those who should lead public opinion. Probably at. no era in the history of the British race has so much been achieved for the public and general welfare by women as in the present day.. In _ the City; of ; Adelaide we have many examples 'of. this. A satisfactory solution ; of i this .vexed question of early closing might be undertaken by ladies with singular ap propriateness. We have heard various suggestions made as to ways in which Indies could initiate a successful crusade against late shopping. If they take up the question in earnest we believe that the early-closing movement will have scored a distinct triumph, which must ultimately lead to success. British Military Btjngustg.— There is an ominous ring about the news con veyed by telegram stating that the British iu Egypt are delayed on account of the defective state of transport arrangements, and that dysentery is spreading among the troops at Kassarwin. A few days a'O we published a telegram stating that - Sir Garnet Wolseley had re ported that the supplies that were being received at the front were ample for the requirements of the troops, but it is only too evident that no adequate provision for contingencies has been made. Almost every military undertaking which England Las entered upon for half a century has been bungled through the fatal mistake of an ill-organized commissariat depart ment, and the lessons of the Crimea have been neglected over and over again. It was well known in London before the trcops started for Egypt that nothing like an adequate provision for victualling the army had been made. A military man, writing to one of the London dailies at the end of July, sounded a note of warning. He said, 'We must require some 6,000 transport animate ; yet up to the present moment not a single officer has been sent to form a depot or even to purchase the animals. Yet the troops are beginning to embark. 'Who3e duty was it to foresee and arrange for these matters, and to avoid that creat waste of public expenditure consequent on a hasty purchase and ship ment of transport appliances ? We paid dear enough for it in the Zulu war and in Afghanistan ; why repeat the error now ?' The commissariat staff, it appears, has been undergoing reorganization every five yeara ever since the Crimean War. Even on its ?war footing it is not at all adequate to the work it has toperform. But in the present instance the army service corps of only seven companies has been sent abroad to prepare sustenance fora large army on its simple peace footing. This department of the army is perhaps the most essential of an, and its defects have sometimes been more fatal to a British army than a great battle. Yet it has been per sistently neglected year after year until it almost seems at the present moment as if it would be necessary to remove it entirely from the control of the military authorities. It is, of course, due to them to say that they had but short notice of the present war, and that the sudden changing ui the bass of operations from Alexandria tolsmailia has placed them very much at a disadvantage as regards the possibilities of exercising foresight. But why the service should be habitually kept in a condition so deplorablyinefficient it 13 difficult to under stand. The British have now po33e3sion of a large city communicating by rail with the camp, and have command of all the intervening country, yet day after day the starting of the army has been delayed through the want of provisions. Thus it would seem that the whole of the advan tage which should have been gained by Sir Garnet 'Wolseley'a rapidity of move ment is now being thrown away, while sickness is becoming more and more prevalent in the British camp. A Harassed M.P.— All readers of 'Pickwick' remember the delight which was evinced by the electioneering agent at the Eatanswui electorate when his candi date on approaching tile wives of the free ' and independent electors so . far con descended as to kiss the juvenile offspring of the said electors ; and how the success of the candidate wa3 at once secured when the crowd passed round the word, 'He has kissed one of them. He has kissed two of ttem. He is kissing them all !' Mr. Dbcson has, it appears from hi3 letter to the Kapuuda Herald, some extracts from which appeared in Thursday's issue, been attempting to apply similar conciliatory methods to the electors of a large country constituency. He has, so to speak, tried hard io make advances of this friendly nature towards all the various conilicting interests of his district. But it pains him exceedingly to find that some of them refuse to be kissed. He wanted to assist in developing a Kapunda marble quarry, and no sooner had he made amicable advances towards those inte rested in this venture than he dis covered that there was another rival Company, which was so perverse as to become jealous and find fault with him for not patronising their particular stone. Again, he had no sooner worked himself' up to an enthusiastic pitch, of eloquence on behalf of Eudunda as the locality of a Courthouse than he found the people of Morgan ready to take offence. When he smiled and was friendly to the farmers a 'rampant squatter' became irate, and Mr. Ward, who calls himself the ' farmers' friend,' denounced him as a 'slanderer of all the electors in the colony.' Thus this well - intentioned but deeply unfortunate M.P. finds that a constituency presents as many difficulties in its management as did «he historical donkey who figures in the fable of the old man and his ass, for in trying to please everybody he discovers to his chagrin that he has pleased nobody. So many demands have been made upon him also for subscriptions that he is beginning to 'pine for obscurity.' This last is a trouble with which we do not sympathize so deeply as we do with respect to the other misfortunes which, he has disclosed ; for, after all, the total amount extracted from him from one year to another is not so very great. Besides, it must sometimes be consoling to him to icflect that in dis bursing this money he is arming himself with an argument which may be used at some future time in favour of payment of members. But the other is a difficulty from which we can see no escape for him. It is truly pathetic to think how the vision must continually haunt him of the Eudunda elector shaking his first at him for voting for the erection of Parliament Houses, while the Kapuuda elector is ' ' treating himself to an extra glass of beer' because the erection is to be com posed of Kapunda marble. What makes the position all the more heartrending is that some cruel people will now be in clined to sneeringly remark that Mr. Dixson, after having come into this colony as the apostle of local as contradis tinguished from general interests, and after conscientiously endeavouring to apply his principles to the management of his constituency, is beginning to find that they will not work. He has endeavoured to apply, in his humble sphere, the great and immutable theory of protection to local industry, by going out of his way to recommend the marble which is got from one quarry, but he finds that there is another concern which equally requires his protection. The only remedy we can suggest is that in future he should look out for a constituency 'which has only on a quarry and only one possible locality for a Courthouse ; which is neither pastoral nor agricultural, and belongs neither to the city nor to the country ; and, above all, which is only able to raise one football club. Australia is too large a place for a Victorian Pro tectionist to live in and be at peace with his neighbours, and even the District of light is altogether too extensive to be a comfortable electorate for a member who wishes to foster local interests. Ukproitiabie Railways.— The Go vernment may accept it as a high compli ment that the only item on the Estimates which has excited anything like deter mined opposition is the proposed expen diture of £1,840 upon the Port Broughton Bailway. Increases amounting to tens of thousands of pounds have been assented to almcst , without demur; votes for establishments and for public works involving the outlay of hun dreds of thousands of pounds have been swallowed either holus-bolus or in detail ; but a stand had to be made some where, and it was made over this unfortu nate railway. For something like a couple of hours discussion respecting it raged fiercely, and at one time there seemed some little danger that the intimate relations which have so long existed between the Hon. John Colton and the* Ministry would not bear the strain of the conflict between him and them caused by the appearance of this line upon the Estimates. Happily, in the end harmony was restored, and. whatever of patronage or of fostering care the member for Noar lunga has bestowed upon the Ministry is still to be exercised. It must be confessed that the outburst of economical zeal on Thursday has ample warrant. It is ridiculous that between £1,800 and £1,900 should be spent upon a line which in a bad season does not yield half that amount in receipts. We believe that since it has been open for trafiic it has not earned enough by some £2,000 to cover the work ing expenses, to say nothing of the £12,000 whiehhas had to be paid as interest upon the original cost. Surely some plan can be devised to save the country a portion, atleast, of theheavyoutlayneeded to render this unprofitable line available for trafiic. Two ways have been suggested for cur tailing the cost. One is to allow those who make use of the railway to provide the necessary haulage, and the other is to shut up the line except during the months of the year when there will be agricultural produce to carry over it. A third proposal that has been mooted is that the line should be leased, but who would care to pay anything for the right of working a railway that has proved such a dead loss in the past ? It seems to us that a combination of the two former suggestions might be judi ciously made — that is to say, during the slack season some of the rolling-stock might be placed at the service of those who may have reason to use it, the Government taking in hand the working of the traffic during the busy season. It would evidently be no great incon venience to the travelling public if the trucks ceased to run regularly, for the patronage bestowed upon them by pas sengers is insignificant in the extreme. It behoves the Commissioner of Public Works to devise some plan for reducing the expenditure upon the railway, and it might be as well if the House impressed that fact upon him by passing a resolution as a guide to him in his future action. It is worthy of note in passing that the discussion on the Barunga line signalized the final passing of the Esti mates, which have been carried through the Assembly almost if not quite without amendment. We may surely expect now to hear something of the taxation reso lutions which the Treasurer weeks ago gave the House to understand would be submitted in the course of a few days.' A Parliamentary Holiday.— The Chief Secretary intends to move on Tuesday that the House at its rising on Wednesday adjourn till the following Tuesday. This adjourn ment will give members an opportunity of attending the Show on Thursday. Opesiijg of the Nairxe Railway.— The Chief Secretary announced in the Assembly on Thursday that the recent heavy rains have retarded operations on the Nairne Railway. It is expected, however, that the first section of the line from Adelaide to Crafers, and the second section as far as the Aldgate Pump, will be ready for trafiic by the end of the present year or early in January. Life Assurance Legislation. — The Attor ney- General intends to ask leave on Tuesday next to introduce a Bill to amend the law relating to life assurances. The Newspaper Bill— Those who ex pected a long and interesting discussion on the second reading of this Bill in the Assembly on Thursday were disappointed. Perhaps the fact was owing to the absence of Mr. Kingston, the ' champion of non-anonymity^' as he has been called. As it was, Mr. Symon was the only speaker to the motion. He expressed approval of the Bill, and while objecting for the present to discuss Mr. Kingston's suggested amendment, providing tha* writers of articles should append their names to them, he made no secret of his opinion that the change would not be desirable, that) it has not been called for, and that it is not necessary. While the proposed alteration might have some advantages, it had more disadvantages, he thought. After Mr. Symon had rooken for about five minutes the .Bill passca its second reading, and went through Committee without any more discussion. It will be further considered on Tuesday. The Attorney-General will then insert a clause providing for persons who have been unjustly attacked in a newspaper obtaining, tu?der certain conditions, the name of the writer of the articles of which they complained. He also wishes to give Mr. Kingston another opportunity of moving his amendments. The Local Forces Bill. — There was some interest — even some little excitement — mani- fested in the discussion on the motion for the second reading of this Bill in the Assembly on Thursday, September 7. Mr. Landseer, an old rifleman, led off with a long speech, embodjing_ a carefully prepared special plea for the Rifle Association. He piled argu trent upon argument against the Bill, and capped the whole by the authoritative decla ration that if it became law_ there would be an almost general resignation of the rifle companies. Mr. Hardy, speaking with the confidence which a long course of military training has given him, approved of the Bill, and said some strong words against the officers of the Association for their conduct in connection with the Queen's Birthday review. Mr. Symon delivered himself of an exhaustive unfavourable criticism of the pro Eosal. Mr. Bright suggested a compromise etwecn the Council of the Association and the Colonel-Commandant, with a view to pre venting the friction which would be caused by the passage of the Bill in its present form. Mr. Fraser promised a hearty support to the Bill, and repeated his well-known and pre viously expounded opinions with regard to the differences which have arisen between the two branches of the force, both of whom he nevertheless highly complimented for their efficiency. Members, whilst differ ing in opinion upon the general prin ciples of the Bill, agreed to support the second reading, trusting to the opportunities for amendments which they will have in Com mittee. Mr. Howe obtained an adjournment of the debate till Tuesday next. The Ministry's Godfather.— ' I am a loyal supporter of the Government,' said the Hon. J. Colton, in the Assembly on Thursday, ' and I think it is the best Government we can get in this House.' ' I am astonished,' said an hon. member subsequently, with marked emphasis, ' for I always thousht the Ministry were loyal supporters of the Hon. J. Colton. ft 'Well; so do I,' remarked another!; '/believe Mr. Colton is the Ministry's god father, and that the Chief Secretary is his particular godchild ; that he was the origi nator of the Ministry ; that he is their patron. He should say he patronises not supports them.' However this may be, the Hon. Mr. Colton afterwards expressed the opinion that the Estimates had been carelessly prepared, and the Chief Secretary of course defended himself against his 'godfather's' implied rebuke. The Port Broughtox Railway.- A great deal of Thursday's sitting in the Assembly was occupied by a discussion upon the line in the Estimates for the maintenance of traffic on the Port Broughton and Barunga Railway. The sum put down for the year's manage ment (salaries and allowances) was £870, this including £300 for extra labour and overtime. For the engineering division £970 additional was provided, thus making a total of £1,840. The Hon. J. Colton started what was a rather exciting debate by suggesting that the line should be abandoned and the plant disposed of, or at least that the consideration of the proposed vote for it should be postponed. The first of these suggestions was the fore runner of several others. One was that the Government should sell the horses and lease the line : a second, ths^t they should with draw their staff, allowing people wishing to use the line to provide then- own haulage ; a third, that all the permanent way should be taken up and' a macadamized road substi tuted. All these proposals the Chief Secre tary resisted stoutly, as unjust to the settlers in the locality who had taken up their land because of the proximity of the railway. ' Let it jro another year,' he pleaded, ' and il matteis do cot improve by that time then we must alter the basis on which the line is worked.' - Mr.-Bower pointed out that; if the rails were taken up a macadamized road' would probably be a somewhat expensive substitute. The House now seemed in a temper to allow the line to pass, when Mr. Johnson reawakened the waning interest by the exclamation— ' Why, this is the line that returned only 7s. 9d. the other week.' He tiien moved that the vote be struck off the Estimates, but withdrew the motion after another plea by the Chief Secretary, who enlarged upon the possibility of increased traffic owing to the prospective good harvest, and promised to try to reduce the expendi ture, and added that it was not at all likely that the £300 for overtime would be needed. He explained subsequently that the expendi ture on the working of the line during the seven years in -which it has been opened has been about £9,000, and the receipts £2,300 less, the £9,000 not including any allowance for the interest Mr. Ross pointed out that the large expenditure ou Port Broughton should fairly be added ; and though characterizing the whole undertaking as a 'wretched muddle.' saw no alternative but to 'grin and bear it awhile longer. Mr. Fraser then moved that the sum be struck off, but with drew; and afterwards that it be reduced from £1,840 to £1,000, but this was negatived on division by 15 to 9. Mr. 'Ward then tried to get a reduction to £1,500, but did not press for it. in deference to the wish of the Hon. Mr. Colton. # The line was then allowed to pass, but evidently only upon sufferance. Dispatch of Assembly Business.— The Government seem, as the session grows older, to get more and more ' in luck's way.' On Thursday the whole of the very extensive line, 'JRailways and Tramways,' represent ing £345,779, and an increase of over £30,000 upon last year's vote, was passed somewhat hastily after a comparatively brief discussion. That discussion, too, was almost altogether upen the item referring to the Port Broughton Railway. Not a single other total was challenged directly. The whole of the Estimates and Excesses on Votes have now passed through Committee. Last year it was_ not until October 7 that this consum mation was achieved. The Brands Bill.— There was a fan amount of discussion upon this Bill in the Assembly on Thursday, September 7, mostly by the members who have had some practical acquaintance with the. subject. The rest of the House did not seem particularly inte rested, though Mr. Johnson tried manfully to to enliven it with some characteristic jokes, while he contended with some force, as a man 'versed in hides,' that many of them' were almost completely spoiled now owing to the multitude of brands placed upon them. The second reading having been carried, several alterations were made in the Bill in Committee. The clanse relative to the penalty for branding or marking sheep with out registration was altered to read as folio ws : — ' Any person who shall brand or mark any sheep with a paint brand, or tattoo-mark, unless he shall have first obtained a certifi cate of registratipn from the Registrar, shall be guilty of an offence under the Act, and on conviction thereof shall forfeit and pay any sum not more than £2 for every sheep so branded or maiked.' The minimum penalty of 5s. was struck out. Mr. Coles gave notice of his intention to move for the omission of the clause providing that persons travelling stock shall be furnished with a waybill (if the journey be more than thirty miles) ' contain ing the number and description of the stock, their brands and marks, the name 'of the place they started from, route, destination, and to whom consigned,' &c.; He held, and other speakers supported him in the opinion, that the clause could not possibly be carried out. The House resumed to allow of con sideration of this matter by the Government, and ot the introduction of a new clause by Mr. Bosworth rendering it compulsory for mustering notices to be given a week before the muster takes place, the maximum penalty for non-compliance being £50. The Government also intend to propose clauses meeting suggestions by Mr. Rounsevell to prevent the blotching brands on skins or hides or rendering them illegible. The further consideration of the Bill is put down for Tuesday next. Gambling Laws.— Mr. Sandover has given notice m the Legislative Council that he will move on Tuesday next for leave to introduce a Bill to repeal the Act authorizing the use of the totalizator. He also intends to move on the same day that it is desirable to amend the Lottery and Gaming Act, and that the Government be requested to introduce a Bill to effect such a purpose. Married Women's Property Bill.— The rights to be allowed to women were the subject of another afternoon's discussion in the Legislative Council on Thursday. Mr. Morgan then soneht to reintroduce, with certain nr.odifications into the Married Women's Property Bill the first clause, . which provided that a married woman after the passing of the Act could deal with her property as if she were a femme sole, but on the casting-vote of the President his pro posal was iejected. The other most im portant alteration was the allowing of a woman who might prove that she was a creditor of her husband to share in the pro ceeds of his insolvent estate pro rota with other creditors, The third reading of the Bill is fixed for Tuesday. The Governor's Lecture ok ' Coloxiza- ? tion.' — The lectnre upon 'Colonization,' delivered by His Excellency Sir W. F. D. Jervois, G.C.M.G., in the Town Hall, on the evenings of July 6 and 10, 1S82, for the benefit of the Young Men's Christian Association, have been reprinted in pamphlet shape at the Government Planting Office. In a short pre face the Governor mentions that he has not attempted to do more than give a very brief sketch of the principal groups of colonies, or rather to name them and mention a few facts about each, his object being to stimulate, not to satisfy, a desire for the study of the- sub ject. This object the lecture is admirably calculated to subserve, and we are glad that His Excellency has seen fit to puolish his remarks in a handy form. The Post-Office.— Mr. C. G. Sehedlich has been appointed Chief Clerk of the Post Office, in place of the kite Mr. Hurst. The Permanent Military Force.— Mr. J. M. Gordon, late Lieutenant in the Royal Artillery, has been appointed Lieutenant of the S.A. Military Force. DThe Orient Steasiers. — Commencing with the Sorata, on the 23rd instant, ana until further notice, the Orient Liners will leave the Semaphore on Saturdays instead of on Thursdays, as heretofore. Mails per John Elder. — In consequence of the postponement of the departure of the John Elder till noon to-morrow, the mails will not be closed at the General Post-Office till 10 o'clock this morning. ^Cultivation of Wattle-bark. — The Government intend to place £300 ou the Sup plementary Estimates to extend wattle plan tations on forests reserves. They also pro pose to introduce a Bill to authorize the leas ing of lands along the lines of railway for wattle-growing. Exhibition at Gawler.— On Wednesday evening, September 6, over thirty gentlemen assembled at the Council Chamber, Gawler, to hear Mr. Scott's proposal for holding an exhibition in connection with the opening of the new building on the Park Lands; Councillor _ Wilkinson in the chair. Mr. Scott explained his scheme, and in answer to questions said he had already the promise of fifteen or sixteen firms in Adelaide to exhibit, providing it was held under a good committee. After the matter had been discussed Mr. H. E. Bright, jun., proposed, and Mr. J. Mitchell, J.P., seconded the following reso lution, which was carried: — 'That it is desirable that an exhibition be held in con nection with the opening of the Exhibition Building on the Park Lands, and that a com mittee be appointed to act with Air. Scott for that purpose.' Messrs. J. Martin, J.P., G. Warren, J.P., J. Mitchell, J.P., E. S. Burkit, Dr. Kickoll, H. E. Bright, and Councillor Burton were appointed the committee. It is proposed to hold a three days' exhibition. A letter was read from Colonel Downes stating that he would not call the Gawler volunteers out on that day, and a vote of thanks was tendered to the Colonel for his kindness. Footpaths at Port Adelaide.— The Port Corporation have accepted the tender of Mr. H. Gjllis for 10,000 yards of asphalting in the district, similar to what is laid down in Ade laide. The contractor will commence by laving from Mempier-street to the Railway Hotel Deittatiox.— The Hon. A. Catt and Mr. J. H. Howe, M.P., presented a petition from the residents of Clare, Yacka, Georgetown, Gladstone, and I^aura to the Minister of Education (Hon. J. L. Parsons) on Wednes da-, September 6, asking for a daily mail between Clare and Laura and the' inter mediate places. The same gentlemen ?pre- sented a petition from residents of Clare asking for a delivery of letters twice a day. The Minister promised to consider the requests. Susday Trading. — Our Port correspon dent says : — ' Many and ingenious are the defences to charges of liquor-trading during the prohibited hours of Sunday, and ths glorious uncertainty of the law is never better developed than in a prosecution under the Licensed Victuallers Act Mr. Briggs, a publican, confessedly served a man, who was neither a lodger nor a bona-fide traveller, j with drink during the prohibited hours, and the only defence was that the man obtained it by a plea of illness. However, the prose cution in proving their cise proved too much, because the imbiber swore that he had not paid foi the drink in. question. The Magis trate held that ordinarily the delivery of ' liquor implied payment, but where there was : proof of non- payment there could be no coa viction under section 95. The information, was dismissed.' During the hearing of the caseMr. Derrington, J.P., took a seat on the Bench, and in the course of hi3. defence Mr. Webb found occasion to remark that as the Court was constituted they might consider public-houses under any circumstances a serious drawback. The S.M. noted that the Justice on the Bench was not taking part in the case, because it was not customary for any Magistrate to join the Court unless he ?was present when a case began.' Electric - lighting. — It will be _ remem bered that some months ago we published an interesting account given by_ a correspondent of an interview with Mr. Eiiissn, the famous American inventor. We have been shown by a gentleman in Adelaide a letter received by him from a near relative of Mr. Swan, the inventor of the Swan electric-lamp, in which some of the statements of Mr. Edison reported in that narra tive are traversed, particularly those in which credit is taken by him for having been the first or only man who had invented cr constructed an electrical railway and an incandescent electrical lamp. The letter then proceeds to give some interesting infor mation as to the Swan lamp, which Mr. Edison's most trusted agents and partners in England have acknowledged to be both original and_ valuable. 'It is of little con sequence,' it is remarked, 'what may be said by inventors about the discoveries or contrivances of others than themselves. Eventually the best will secure its proper position of pre- eminence. Up to the present we do not see any lamp which is ? doing so well as the Swan, nor any which is being so generally adopted. None stands the same amount of heating, and therefore none gives the same amount of light for power expended in producing electric current. The great test of excellence is a rather simple one ; as increase of light is out of all proportion greater than relative increase of current, the lamp which will stand, without destruction, the largest measure of current being passed, which means again the highest heating, is the most economical lamp. Edison, with a carbon filament o* at least tour inches long, professes his lamps will give, without too rapid destruction, sixteen candlts' light. The Swan lamp, with less than four inches length of carbon, readily gives twenty candles, and each professes to work effectively ten lamps per horsepower; that is, 160 candles per horsepower for Edison's lamps, and 200 candles for Swan's. I don't know how accurate the Edison calcu lation may be, but we have now abundant experience which justifies the statement as to the Swan lamp. There are so many places now lighted with the Swan at home and abroad that there is no difficulty in getting information as to durability, light given, and power required. Amongst the more impor tant places now lighted here are the Mansion House, London, the Savoy Theatre; the British Museum, Royal Academy, grand dnung-saloon of the Grand Hotel, Trafalgar square, &c;, &c.; The Conseil Municipal at Paris is also lighted with the Swan lamp. Many places in Barcelona, some in Vienna, and a fleet of large steamers. One of these, the Cotopaxi, has been out to Australia and back, and the people connected with her speak in the strongest terms of approval. They have had the Austral also fitted with the lamps, and we expect she also will do well. If not, it will be the fault of the engineers, and not of the lamps. The Servia, the great ship of the Cunard fleet, and the Alaska, the big ship of the Guion line, we hear also do perfectly well. We are fitting two others for the Cunard people. Both are large jobs, being for the lighting of the ships throughout, each vessel requiring about 300 lamps. The Savoy Theatre ia the best test of the lamps, as there are so many, they are used so regularly, and they have had them going there so many months. The engineer told me that out of 1,185, say in round numbers 1,200 lamps, they lost on an average twelve per week, that is 1 per cent, per week. This gives an average of two years as the life of the lamps. But they burn them thirty-five hours per week, which is much over the average of ordinary gas burn ing in household use. So that it really makes the aveiage life very long indeed. When my brother began he calculated that if lamps lasted three months, the system of lighting would be quite practicable. Now, so much improvement has been made that it would seem, as the Chairman of the Swan Company lately said, as if the lamps were going to last too long for the profit of the makers. There is a Bill passing throngh Parliament jnst now which is likely to give a great impulse to electric-lighting. It gives authority to the Board of 'Works to gran c powers to Companies, persons, or corporations to esta blish electric-lighting appliances. We hope much from it. ... I suppose you will be having some experience of electric-lighting by this time in Adelaide. Many failures win be made through the inexperience of those who undertake installations. There will be dis appointment, and perhaps in some quarters despair, as people are very apt to think that anybody can setup a dynamo-machine, attach the wires to the lamps, and set the thing going. They will find that they have to learn an entirely new business, and one in ?which there is as yet only a very limited number of competent teachers. But all will come right in the end, and electric-lighting will be universal.' The Marine Board.— This body met on Thursday morning. The General Shipowners' Society of England, moved by a report of the steamer Delcomyn having been detained at Adelaide and Melbourne for the production of a passenger certificate of survey, wrote to Lord Kimberley, who sent a despatch to His Excellency, which in due course reached the Board for report. The answer was very simple : that there was no detention, and that the South Australian Parliament had passed an Act rendering it legal for surveyors to demand the certificate referred to. There was a suggestion on the part of the Society, of which no notice was taken, namely, that it was desirable to communicate with the colonies whenever any modification of shipping laws took place, with a view of Eecuringa uniform action throughout the British Empire. The Port merchants were, it was intimated, desirous of leasing a wharf, so as to thwart the new combination with its increased tolls. There will be a short piece of wharf at the old rates, namely, the Mundy street wharf, the proceeds of which are divided amongst the Government ami the Corporation. A big revenue is accordingly expected to be 'derived thence on and after the 1st proximo. An investigation will be held next week as to the missing vessel Helen White. Complaint was made of a delay in trying the first case in the Marine Court of Enquiry under the new Act. Victorian Football Cutb.— The Tem perance Hall, North Adelaide, was well filled last night, when an entertainment was given in aid of the above club. Mr. C. A. Mumme acted as leader, and a good programme was presented, applause being very frequent and encores too numerous, as the programme was a rather lengthy one, comprising songs, &c;, by Misses Nolan, O'Brien, and Bisset, and by Messrs. Lowe, McKechnie, J. Sharp, Beetson, and Jarvis, and a farce entitled ' Billy T-oo.' by Messrs. C. E. Warren, R. Whitn'eld, C. M. Bagot, and a lady amateur. A first-class band played the opening overture in a fine style, and had to respond to an encore to satisfy the listeners.' The proceeds, when expenses are deducted, will be very satisfactory. Kensington and Norwood Institute.— The committee have accepted the tender of Messrs. W. Pett& Son to buildlecture-hall and other rooms, at the rear of the present build ing, for aJittle over £3,000. The work, which will be. commenced immediately, is in terms of the contract to be finished by April 2, lSS3.o The additions will consist of a hall 60 x 34, with retiring- rooms, on the ground floor ; a room 33 x 31, suitable for lodge meet ings ; a public reading-room, 23 x 13 ; and a classroom or office, 16 x 13, in the basement There are also to be two rooms beneath the retiring-rooms and two above, some of which are intended for the use of the caretaker. The present work will be carried out accord ing to the designs of Mr. W. H. Abbott, who was also architect for the original building. When completed the Institute will contain twelve rooms, erected at a cost of about £5,000. A considerable portion of the re quired funds has already been subscribed, and efforts are being made to raise the rest, as the committee are desirous of having as small a debt as possible on the building. Pares and Park Lands.— Adelaide, which has park hinds and squares to the extent of over thirty acres for every thousand inhabi tants, is in a most enviable position compared with some of the English and Scotch cities. The Pall Mall Gazette in congratulating the Londoners upon the extent of recreation ground which is now at their disposal re marks that — 'At a rough estimate every thousand Londoners have an acre of public park in which to disport themselves, and this without reckoning the parks which, being in the outer circle, are onlv accessible by rail. As compared with that o'f some of the large towns in the provinces, this allowance of recreation ground is on the most liberal scale. Glasgow, with a population of close upon half a million, has only four parks, and the whole of these comprise no more than 374 acres. Leeds is not even so fortunate as Glasgow, having only 165 acres of paik to 310,000 df population. Manchester is in a still worse position, its park accommodation beinj; about a third of an acre to each thousand of its inhabitants.' Civil Sittings.— The business at the Civil Sittings of the Supreme Court was of very short duration on Thursday. The only case on the list, that of Wills v. Mead and Another, an action to recover over £500 for damages tinder the bond conditioned for the safe return of the steamer Glenelg, which had been iked by a Mr., A. S. Wood, and .for whom the defendants were securities, was settled out of Court, but it is understood that the defendants consented to a verdict for £275 without costs. The'- usual-order for the return of the Jurv'fees was made on the application of the defendants' counsel. The Attorney-General (Hon. J. W. l-owner, Q.C.), with Mr. Wallace, appeared for the plaintiff, while Mr. J. H. Symon, Q.C., with Mr. Dempster, represented the defendants. The Court will sit again on Wednesday next Port Town Hall Clock.— Councillor Rann, at the meeting of the Port Corporation held on Thursday, September 7, informed the Mayor and Councillors that the town clock had been going anyhow lately, as it was at times either about ten minutes fast or too slow. He modestly suggested the irregular timekeeper should be given a ' spell,' other wise unless it registered the correct time in the future he thought it would be better to sell it. The Mayor explained tha* the clock had met vrith an accident, and that the contractor was using every effort to bring it to working order again. Semaphore Trains.— The Mayor of Port Adelaide stated at the last Council meeting that it was not probable the trains between the Port and Semaphore would stop ia St. Vincent-street before the end of this year, as the necesiarv carriages would not be ready. Councillor Kann moved — ' Ihat the Govern ment be asked to place temporary carriages on the line for the purpose until the proper carriages are ready. As it was pointed out to the mover that it would take as long or almost so to buUd temporary carriages for use the motion was withdrawn. Anglican Mission Church. — What has long been considered a pressing necessity by the adherents of the Church of England in Lower North Adelaide will shortly be sup plied, as on Wednesday afternoon the foun dation-stone of a Mission School Church in Melbourne-street, was declared 'well and truly laid' by Lady Jervois ia the presence of a, large number of spectators. At half-past 4 precisely Lady Jervois, accom panied by a couple of lady friends, wasre ceived_ at the building by several clergymen, including Dean Russell and Archdeacons Marrjat and Dove, and the usual Church of England ' office' for the laying of a founda tion-stone was gone through, during which Her Ladyship performed the ceremony and declared — 'in the faith of Jesus Christ we place this foundation-stone, in the name of God the Father. God the Son, and God the Holy Ghost.' Dean Russell then made a few remarks, alluding with pleasure to the faqt of the Governor's wife having laid the stone, and stated that it reminded him of the benefits this colony had enjoyed for a succession of years by the ladies of Government House being always ready, as Lady Jervois had been that day, to assist in the progress of the Church. Whilst a hymn was being sung the offertory, which evidently realized a good sum, was taken up. Mr. Garlick, the archi tect of the building, then, on behalf of the wardens and committee connected with the Church, presented Lady Jervois with the handsome silver trowel with which she had laid the stone, and after the acceptance of the gift had been kindly acknowledged by Her Ladyship the meeting dispersed. The structure will be 40 feet long by 20 feet broad and 26 feet high to the too of the gable, and will be in pure Gothic style. The material to be used in its construction is limestone, with brick dressings and quoins, and there will be an alcove at the rear. Mr. A. H. Kunz is the contractor, at a cost of about £400. Glen Osmond Passenger Traffic— A correspondent sends us the following: — 'A large and representative meeting was held in the Institute Hall, Glen Osmond, on Wed nesday evening, September 6, to consider the best means to secure regular and constant passenger traffic to and from the city. Owing to the opening of the Parkside South Tram way on Monday last to the Fountain Inn, J. Hill & Co.'s omnibuses were withdrawn on that day without dne notice of the fact having been given to the residents, and great inconvenience has been occasioned to local residents in beiiig thus suddenly deprived of suitable vehicular accommodation to and from the city. Mr. John JohnBton, senior, was voted to the chair, and briefly explained the object of the meeting. The following resolutions were carried nem. con. : — ' That this meeting wishes to record its dissatisfac tion at the unbusinesslike and unwarranted treatment received from Hill & Co., Limited, in withdrawing omnibus accommodation with out giving local residents due notice of the fact.' 'That direct communication between the neighbourhood and the city is absolutely necessary, and this meeting hereby pledges itself to support a local resident! who will guarantee through communication at regular and uxed hours throughout the day.' Messrs. Carter and O'Neil, old local omnibus proprietors, were present, and in answer to a question Mr. Carter promised not to oppose Mr. O'Neil should the meeting decide in favour of the latter, and Mr. O'Neil made a similar promise iu favour of Mr. Carter. On these persons retiring from the room, the meeting decided to support Mr. Carter. The thanks of the meeting were then accorded to Messrs. Carter and O'Neil— to Carter for his courteous behaviour to the public during the time he has been employed by Hill and Co., .and to O'Neil for his consideration of the Glen residents in providing Sunday travelling accommodation. : Cable Trasiways.— We extract the fol lowing from a communication which has been addressed to the Government of Victoria by Dr. John Weir, on behalf of a syndicate of San Francisco capitalists, who propose to construct tramways in Melbourne on the cable principle :—' There are throughout the United States various descriptions of tram ways, but the latest and the one found to answer all the requirements of the various roads, whether level or steep, is the endless wire rope or cable system, and it has been in full operation in the city of San Francisco since 1873. The cable system does not differ from the ordinary system so far as the rails are laid, except that they aie heavier, but in the centre of the space between the rails there is an endless wire rope that works in a tube below the ground, and is guided and. kept in the centre by means of sheaves. The rope is kept in motion by a stationary engine, and the power is transmitted from stationary engine to a 'dummy1 attached to the cars by means of a grip ping machine, which operates on the wire rope. The gripping machine passes through a narrow slot, seven- eights of an nch wide, in the upper side of the tube in which the rope travels, but so fixed that dirt and dust do not choke up a the tube. The 'dummy' in which the gripping machines and breaks are placed is fastened to the car riage with the usual couplings. When the carriage is travelling, the gripping machine holds the wire, which travels along at such speed as arranged at the engine-house, gene rally from six to eight miles per hour, and when a stoppage is desired the gripping handles are pressed together, the grigpers open^ and the carriage stops. These carnages can ascend an incline it one foot in six. These carriages do not in any way create dust, and there is no filth from horses, &c.;, and such is the success of the cable system that there are six separate cable tramways on this principle in the City of San Francisco. I would respectfully submit that the Govern ment in the interests of the community, should introduce into the Legislature, or support, a general measure, giving to the various municipal bodies throughout the colony, and particularly the City of Melbourne and suburban municipalities (under the supervision of the State) power to permit capitalists to make and regulate the working of such tramway lines as will tend best to the comfort, safety, and speedy carriage of the public.' Conversazione. — The lecture season of the Young Men's Christian Association was wound up on Thursday e7ening by a con versazione in the Town Hall, at which' scientific experiments and various objects of interest were displayed. There was a large attendance. Lecture. — Mr. A. W. Dobbie give his popular and interesting lecture on 'Electro-' metallurgy, or the art of depositing metals by the aid of electricity, illustrated by experi ments with gold, silver, and copper,' in the Semaphore Wesleyan Church, on Wednesday night, September 6. There was a large and appreciative audience, and at the conclusion a hearty vote of thanks was tendered Mr. Dobbie. Accident at Parkside.— On Wednesday, September 6, a man named Stapleton, whilst ?working in a woody ard at Parkside, had one of his hands severely injured by a circular saw, three of his fingers being almost cut off. He was attended to at the Hospital. Vital Statistics.— The number of births and deaths registered in tbe General Register Office dnauig the week ended Saturday, September 2, ?were:— Births— 191 males, 182 females ; deaths— 46 males, 42 females; total, 373 births, S3 deaths, excess oi births, SS5. For the District of Adelaide. — Births, 35 males, SO females ; deaths — 11 males, 9 females; total, 55 births, 20 deaths. Excess of births, 35. S.A. Yacht Clcb ? The annual meeting will be he'd at the Ship Ina, Port Adelaide, this evening. Entertainment at Mitchak. — An entertainment trill be given at the Institute this evening. Theatrical. — The Theatre Boyal Dramatic Com pany performed at Orroroo on the evening: of the 5th inst., in the Institnte Hall, to a large audience. The play was ' Caste,' which was rendered in an able manner by the company. Postponement of Sales.— It is elsewhere an nounced that the Adelaide hide sales are postponed to Monday next. S5T W. Gordon & Co. drawspedal attention to their Sale of Horses at Formby & Boase's This Day, at 20'dock. J3T We wish to direct attention to the Prospectus of the Port Augusta Gas Company which appeared in ota advertising columns of September & 212-8 537 9c 