So the " No Popeiy " cry is to be raised in Victoria ostensibly as a means of preventing any amendment or alteration in the Education Act, but in reality with a view of seating a fresh lot of aspirants on the Treasury benches after the next general election. The first note was sounded by Mr. Patterson at the Opposition caucus shortly before Christmas, when he announced that it would be necessary to form a united Protestant party, as a means of counteracting the disturb ing influence of the Catholic vote ; but tbe effect was not encouraging, as Mr. O'Callaghan, a Catholic member of the House, who was supposed to be asleep in the corner, immediately denounced the idea in no measured terms, and the caucus broke up in confusion. The next move was made last Saturday, the occasion being the laying the foundation stone of the new Pro testant Hall in Melbourne, when one or two violent speeches were made by the clerics. We observe that amongst the apologies read for non- attendance was one from Mr. Patterson, ILL. A., who showed his sympathy by enclosing a donation of fire guineas. The Bev. Dr. Gilchrist, who performed the cere mony of laying tbe stone, admitted that Orangemen had a political object, but the speech of the Bev. H. B. Macartney on the occasion is the one that has attracted most attention. He said : — The event they were now performing was a public recognition of tbe presence of tbe Church of Rouie. Her power was not known. It spread itself around, under tbe ground, and there would be a mighty growth of Romanism in a generation or two. In other countries the Chnrch of Rome had kept her children uneducated. Here she bad to educate them, but at tbe same time she was infusing -into them the poison of a system that might not- hurt any of her opponents for some time, but that was. ready at a single moment to break ont into the flame of bigotry and wild fanaticism. At any moment the fire might break out here, and set this colony in a blaze. Rome kept on to her system, and Protestants must therefore educate their children, or some of tbem might in the future be nuns or priests in the chnrch of Rome. In order to effectually counteract tbe designs of the Romish church, Protestants ought to be Christians. They mnst not only stop Rome, bnt must carry the battle to her gates. They must decrease her power by decreasing the number of Roman Catholics, and that was to be done by bringing to bear on them the light of truth and the spirit of the Holy Ghost. He would be ten times as proud of that hall if it was to be used as a mission centre for converting Roman Catholics, and lie would like to hear controversial sermons preached in it. They mnst stndy not to have any antipathy to the Roman Catholic men, women, and children who were their fellow- -colonists,, bnt mnst endeavour to take their religion by the throat, and, if they could, place it under their feet.". Sentiments such as these are scarcely what we should have expected in a free country where there is no State Church, where universal toleration has been the ever- existing practice, and where all denominations have an equal right to enjoy their opinions. Still less should we have looked for such narrow- minded views from one who himself denounces bigotry and fanaticism." Who is Mr. Macartney that he should take upon himself to characterise another man's religion as "poison," and to speak of " taking it by the throat f" No wonder Church of England clergy- men and others have rushed into print . to protest, with indignation, against such wickedly violent and revolting language, and have reminded the public that the head of the Anglican Chnrch - in Victoria, the good Bishop Moorhouse, has no sympathy with fsugif pnehristian language — the manly remark of Hi® Lordship : " I am not going to. 'join in the jbpjyl against i Rome," being quoted in support of that allegation. We venture to say also, that "very few even of Mr. Macartn's own congregation at Caul- field will approve of his utterances, although we aro willing 0 bphoyp that be is so fir kinisere in his motives as " not to be able to perceive that he is overstepping : the bounds of "that charity which " su&reth; Jong find ffi J? puffed up, and doth not behave itself unseemly." Whether Mr. Macartney is actuated purely by a spirit of pro- \ selytising or whether he has any ulterior political motive in raising the ghost of the " no popery" bogey, we do not undertake to say, but certain it is that parliamentary office-seekers are : looking upon him as a valuable ally. C. E Jones, for instance, who has just arrived from California, is said to re gard the speeches at Protestant Hall as advantageous to bis chances, and it is supposed that the more people's minds can be inflamed with sectarian ani mosity tbe better will be the prospects of the new party, whose members cal culate on being able to sweep tbe polls clear of all Catholic candidates at the next general election. We are very doubtful indeed about the saccess of the new dodge. The colonists are far too sensible to be led astray by a cry that was powerful enough in the middle ages to set men by the ears, but is altogether out of date in tbe nineteenth century. Such speeches as those of Mr. Macartney in stead of creating enthusiasm only ex cite disgust even amongst Protestants, and - although stump orators may en deavor to make out that the Education Act is in danger because its working is to be enquired into, the electors have sense enough to know better, and suffi cient penetration to see through the interested motives of those who would persuade them to go back to tneevilprac- tice of setting class against . class, which has caused so much mischief already in this fair colony. Tee Bail way Department is certainly not tbe only one in which there has been gross mismanagement, for which the general body of taxpayers is called upon to suffer. Of this we have a most glaring proof in the statement made to the effect that that monstrous "white elephant," the Exhibition building, is almost in a state of col lapse. Indeed, it bas been officially reported that " the principal portion of the Exhibition-building is unsafe, that the walls are bulging out, are far from being perpendicular, and that, in fact, if steps are not taken to tie the walls or otherwise stop the progressing move ment, the building will collapse, dome and alL" Here's a pretty kettle of fish for which the country has already been made to pay close upon a quarter of a million sterling, and Goodness only knows how much more it is to bleed. Tbe building, as we all know, was erected during the Berry regime, is therefore very new; and -had proper attention been paid to it whilst in course of construction, it ought to have lasted half a century without requiring any great expenditure upon it, and certainly should not have been in a state of collapse within two years after its completion. Perhaps before com menting further, it may be as well to place full particulars before the tax payers, by which they will be able to form a correct estimate of the amount they have been called upon to throw away for the aggrandisement of our already overgrown metropolis. The Exhibition Bill having been passed under the supposition that the cost of the structure would not exceed £71,795, tenders were invited ; during February, 1879, that of Mr. David Mitchell for £70,251 was accepted, and on the 19th of that month the foundation-stone was laid with a great flourish of trumpets by that glib speaker Sir George Bowen. The contract was for the erection of one large hall, and having thus got in the small end of the wedge, the Com missioners soon found out, what they probably knew all along, that the shop would not be nearly large enough to meet the requirements. Of course, Laving once sanctioned the holding of an Exhibition, it became the duty of Parliament to see that the building should be sufficiently capacious to hold all tbe exhibits of those who might come here to trade, even of the huck sters whose name was legion. Accord ingly tenders were called for additions; annexes were erected, and when the bill was presented it was found that instead of £70,000 odd, the total cost had been £246,365 3s 6d, of which the permanent (!) building cost£ 1 32,950 12s 8d ; the temporary annexes, £83,111 ; gardens, £18,481 4s Sd ; machinery, £5714 19s ; organ, £5560 9s (by-the-bye, we should like to know what the original estimate of the cost of this organ was — not more than £4000 we believe) ; and the balance of expenditure, £546 18s 2d, was placed under the convenient heading of " miscellaneous." In order to increase the stability of the dome, the Commis sioners decided it should be built of brick instead of wood, and the whole was completed some time in Septem ber, 1880. Yet although eighteen months have not elapsed, we are told that this dome, which was supposed to have been so substantially erected, will, if prompt measures are not taken, come down with a run. Perhaps it would be tbe cheapest in the end were it allowed to fall ; Melbourne aspired to vie with the great cities of the world, why khould it not, like Borne for instance, have its great ruins and become venerable before its time 1 Seriously speakiDg, however, we trust Parliament will not sanction any farther great expenditure upon this white elephant, or if it does, that it will insist upon a full and searching enquiry being made.- There can be no doubt that either the speci- fications were faulty or the contractors did not honestly carry them out. In these cheap and nasty days, when con tractors will go in for jobs at un- remunerative figures on the off chance of being able to substitute inferior work and material .for good, too much care cannot be taken by those ap pointed to supervise works, and in this the officers deputed by the Pablic Works Department appear to have lamentably failed. Supposing this to be the case, the question that next" suggests itself is, were they care less or even more . greatly culp able! Under ordinary circumstances it would be to their interest to be very strict — was it made their interest- to wink at fraud ! There must have been something radically wrong SGmefrhepBj and Parliament mnst in sist npon a thorough investigation so that the blame may be laid upon the proper shouldera Not only has the Exhibition building been faultily con- Stru.ated, bnt we are also informed that the plaster on tfre putsiile of Govern ment Honse is parting from the face qf the brickwork, that some time ago" during a ball somof the ceiling in tfo salon de danse came down upon the head of one of the public works officials, a proper punishment j that tbe same state of affairs exiBts at the mint, and that complaints have even been re ceived with respect to the new law- courts which have only just been completed. Need anything further be said to show there is something very rotten in the Public Works Department, that those who are hping highly paid to attend to the interests of the taxpayers, are shirking their duties in a most disgraceful manner 1 We deprecated as much as anybody the proceedings initiated on " Black Wednesday," but really it would seem that there are some in the public service who well deserve to be sent to the right-about at a moment's notice. It been suggested, and tbe pro posal is worthy of consideration, that the best course to pursue will be to pull the building down, sell the materials, and with the proceeds build some miles of railway, or better still, expend them on the construction of waterworks in those country districts whence such distressing accounts are «faily received about the scarcity of water. If this latter is done, the first mistake will be the last and cheapest, and a real benefit will be conferred on a patient and suffering people. 