Our Sydney weekly Letter. According to what DivMackay and Messrs. Vickery, Richardson,' and Higgins say, rab bits are fearfully on the increase in the ' county of Cumberland. 'On Friday last these gentlemen along with Mr. Bruce, Inspector of Stock, waited on Dr. Renwick, Minister of Mines, as a deputation from the Pastures and (Stock Protection Board in order to ask that a portion of the Government grant of £5000 for the destruction of rabbits might be given to them. It appeared from what was stated that the rapid, breeding of these pests to farmers did not take place; in the country districts so much as in the unoccupied Crown ... Lands immediately surrounding Sydney, and particularly at North Bocks, and Durral, the ^inaccessible nature of which rendexed their destruction a matter of gi eat difficul ty. From ' these fastnesses it was shown that the rabbits migrate into the country districts. in large ' numbers, and in point of fact, eat farmers out of house and home. The rate the Board had the power to lay for the destruction of rab bits would not exceed £40,a sum barely suffi cient to pay for the services of a secretary to 1 \ the Board. Dr. Renwick promised the Board ., a proportion of the grant. He considered the ' ^ matter one of great urgency, and requiring immediate attention. He was afraid, a'so, from what be had heard, that hares were also on the increase. Mr. Bruce poiuted out that the destruction of these animala could only be dealt with by proclamation as the l*w at present stood, but the Minister intimated that if needs be an Act of Parliament should be passed. The matter seems of so much inter est to your district that I am induced to dwell on it at some length. .; : t ' The Booksellers and Stationers held their fourth, annual picnic at Botany durYng last week. By what was said by one of the speakers, Mr. Buonie, Sydney is far ahead ef Melbourne in these trades, a fact that speaks well for the intellectual progress' of this city, but what was of more importance, still, the chairman disclaimed with indignation allu sions made in the. local press that a large ,trade was being, carried on here in immoral and enervating* ? literature, against which the trade had most determinedly set its face. ? The chairman attempted a high flight of poetic iimagery in proposipg'the toast of "The, jiQueen, who had so providentially escaped . Jbhe assassin's bullet, and concluded his"speech 'vy hoping that when the sun had''set, it would be with aU .the jglory and effulgence of j an Australian snnset. The brilliant perora7 I tion 'fetched" the ttade considerably, and evidenced the fact that poetic fancies some times v intrude, themselves, in fhe . counting house, and'on minds occupied with the enter ing up of ledgers. Just a word about the dispatch, of private" telegrams in order to give priority to which the famous "press regulation" was issued. On the 7th a telegram on a matter of life and death was sent from Wallerawang at 1.55 p.m. to Goulbnrn, where it arrived all safely at. 12.55 on the. 8th, a mere trifle of 23 hours being occupied in i.ts transmission. Complaints are numerous here as to delays in transmission from one suburban district , to another. A1 boat race between Laycock (brother o* the famous Elias) and. Edwards, took place on the Pammatta River on S aturday after noon; ; The umpire's boat was the rendezvous for "the fancy." Thick gold albert ehains of every variety and pattern, and diamond rings on grubby fingers were as plentiful as ~ the coarse oaths which flowed incessantly. Going to the starting'point, the magnificent river scenery had no attractions. Pitch and toss for not insignificant sums, and the smoking of the vilest cigars occupied the time pleasantly, and to some of the party most profitably, and while it acceunted for the superabundance of jewellery left the dirty state of the fingers unaccounted for. Edwards who rowed mufili the' worst course won easily. A friend of mine who was the for tunate possessor of a "tip" from one of the " craft," ever on the look out for a greenhorn, backed the man who " had not the ghost of a chance," and pulled in a small pot. Licenses for the slaughtering of lambs, &c.;, in tlie city and not at the abbattoirs were granted by the Corporation by the narrow majority of one. That majority might be accounted for by the vote of Mr. Daniel1 O'Connor, Butcher, Alderman, J.P., and M.L.A., who was strangely enough an appli-, cant for, and obtained a license. It is indeed , strange how people will talk about small Matters, unci how delicate their olfactory nerves are. Constable, Mahood who was committed for trial on a charge of suborning witnesses to commit perjury in ,a charge preferred by the constable againpt a young man for an all< ged att.impt to rescue a prisoner in his custody < n-board the steamer Emu has ab scorided from liis bail with the result that two local tonifaces will have £o0 each to " part" f\>r the use of " our Sovereign Lady the Queen, her heirs and successors." James Howard, a letter-carrier, and herer tofore a most respectable man, ..has been committed for trial for perjury in tha last mention ei case. supported the testi mony ot Mahood, as to what took place on board the Emu, whereas it was shown by abundant testimony that he was' having- a friendly glass at a hotel in Sydney at the 1 time of the alleged occurrence. The police, generally, are coming in for adverse criti cisms, and, in many instances, yery unjustly. St. Patrick's Day passed over without any of those manifestations of feeling which resnlt in broken heads or subsequent magis terial investigations. Those who did honour to the patron saint of Ireland (who, by the bye, was a Scotchman) were merry and wise. Irish plays were performed at the Gaiety and Queen's Theatres, and every particle of Irish pathos and humour delineated met with due recognition. The ladies affected green dresses and ribbons, the gentlemen green stockings or neckties, but there was an absence of " shillelagh sprigs." The disposal of night soil and other refuse is, at no distant period, likely to prove a great thorn in the side of civic administration. The Government has refused the use of the iron punts which take the slaughter refuse from the abbatoirs outside Sydney Heads to the Corporation, for the purposes mentioned on two grounds, the one being that tne re sources of the Department for the disposal of the matter from the abbatoirs are taxed to the utmost, and the other, that the Cor poration have not exhausted other means of getting rid of their difficulty in this respect. The inhabitants of the down the harbour resorts, as a matter of course; are strongly opposed to having their sands and bathing resorts made into cesspools. The Mayor has arranged for the deposit of. the soil on a portion of the Sydney Common. The banquet in connection\with the cele bration of St. Patrick's Day was held on Monday night at the Town Hall, whpn some 200 persons attended* Mr. Dalley, Q.C. was chairman, and in proposing the toast of "'?The Day we Celebrate," delivered a most eloquent . and able address. Sir Johh .Robertson made humourous allusions to the fact that St. Patrick wasnot an Irishman, ?but strictly avoided all Banguinary^and , sulphurious allusions, and this contrary to [his vffont. : Everything,passed off with great , ieclat CIVIS. msss=!sss!a 