? TBE THANSFERKED GHOST. The country residence of Mr, John Hinckman was a delightful place to me, for many reasons; It was the abode of a gemal, though somewhat impulsive, hospitality.. - •Ithad.'broaa,smOoth-' :shaven-lawnsvsind.towering oaks.and elms; there'were bosky shades at several points, and tiot far from the house there was a little rill spanned by a rustic bridge with the bark' on r there were fruits: and flowers,pleasant' people, chess, billiards, rides; walks, and fishing. These were great attractions, foutaoneof them;' nor all of them together, would have been sofiicient to -holS me to the place veiy iong- I •had -been -:jnvited"ior the trout season, bnt should, probably have ibiished my visit early "in the summer had it aot beeiijliat upon iair days, when the grass Tras dry, and liiesuu -^as not too hot, andtherc wasbuthttlewind, there «trolled-,l3enea.th -the 5offcy eimsy -or passed •lightly through the- bosky'shades; the;folin-tX, ray Madehne Tbislady was not, m very truth, my Madehne. She had never given herself to me, nor had I, In any way, acquired possession of ier. But as I considered her possession the only : sufficient reason for the contmuance 'of my existence, I called her, in my revenes;irune-' It may iavebeen tbat -I:would notshave-been' obliged, to confine the use of this possessive pronoun to my i-evenes had'il confessed^the: stateof my-feelingsio thelady.-' - -•-.•--- -v •--. But this wasian annsually &fiicult; thing to -doi-''Hot ; ori3y-5id'jIidreaa-,ias : almost all lovers' , dread, talnng tha'step which v/ould m an instant ^mt an end to that dehghtlul season 1 which may be termed the ante-interrogatory period of-lovc.'-and- wliichimght at the same tune .terminate all intercourse or connection with ®ieobjeet of my passion 1 ;'butl was,sislso* dreadfully-afraid of, John Hmclanan. This gentlemen was a good.- fnend 'of -mine,'"batit; "would%ave reijuireaa!5solder roan-thanjl-was" at that-time to ask him foi tfie gift of his mete, who was -the head of 3us ^household, &id;,-accbrdingto hisxiwn frequent statemisnt, the main prop of his declining years Had Madehne acquiesced in my general vie^s on the Eubject,"I-miglit:have :felt encouraged'' toopen the mattei to Mr Hinckman, but, as I; said-before, I ihad mever ^sked'hei\:whethcri'or; not she would, be mine- I thought of ihese things at allhouis-of the day and mght, par licuUirly the latter. I was lying awake one night, in ihe great bed* in my Bpacious. eh&mber;, Tvhen.-by-tlie' dim light of the new jnoon, which partially filledthe room, IsawJohnBincSoilM standing by a large eiiair near the dBor. I was very much .sujprised at this for two reasons: In first |)laee, my host had never before jame into my room, and, in the second place, "he Jiad gOne_ from home -that morning, and. had not expected to return for several ^ays. St 'was for i -this reason thafc^E^iadbeen ableth^t'evening., to sit much hiicr tllau usnal -\v-ithMii(IcIjiii:<3iiihc mouuiit porcli. The Lgure ccriamjy that of John Hinckman in his ordinary dress, 3 but there was a vagueness and indistinctness. abont it. which presently assured me that it was -a vghost. Had die .good, old ir.ai been murdered ? and had his spirit come to tdll.me Dl the-deed, and to confideTto me the ^protec-;: faonofhis dear My ieart iLuitered at •whatl was -about to tfiihk, bat at this instant' the Sgure spoke. "Do yon know," he slid, with a counte* •nancc that indicated anxiety, " if Mr. -fiinckmaa will return to night?" t ~ \- I thought it well to maintain a cahn erferior, and! answered ; " We do not expect Mm." > "I am .^d of .that,'' said h^ «uiking into the chair by whicii he -stood. -vDtmng the two years-and a half that I have inhabited ; .this house,; that jnan iias never ibefoxe been away iorta -«nglE aught: Tou can't imagme the rehef it giras mp." And^hesBpolsheEtretchedoutihiEl^gs and leaned back in -Sie -chair? His iorm be^ -of gratified relief succeeded to -the.anxiety -of his countenance. ' " Two yearaanda halfl" I exclaimed. "I don i nndeislandj'ou- 1 ' , " It ib folly that length of time," said the ghostj "since I first came here. "Mine is not aniordinaiycaEe. :;.Butbefore iaayanything .more .aboutit, let imeflskyouiagainifyouiaie sure Mr. Hinckman wainotietumto-night?"' "I Am as sure of it as lean be of anything,' I answered. -'?, He left to-day for Bristbl; tw6 : hundred miles away.' " Then I will go on/' said the ghost, "for I am glad to have, the opportunity of talking to some -one who .will listen to me - hat if John Hinckman should cojne in and catch me here, I should be frightened out of my wits." " Tins is all veiy strange," I said, greatly puzzled by-what I had heard. "Are you the ghost of Hinckman?'' ,-. • • ,:.: 3?his was a-bold question; but my mmd was lso full of other emotions that there seemed to be no room for that of fear. , . " Yes, I am his ghost,'' my companion replied, " and yet I have no right to be. And this is wiiat makes me .so nneagy, and so much afraid of him, . It is a strange story, and, I truly heheve, without precedent. Two years {i,nd .a half ago; John Hinckman was dangerously ill m^his very room, j At one time he -was-so far gone 4hat lie was roally believed to be-dead. It .was in consequence of too precipitate a report in regard to this inaiter that I was, at that tune, appointed to be lus ghost. Imagine my: surprise and horror, sir, when, after I had accepted the -position andassumed its rcsponsibihties, the old man revived, became. convalescent, and eventually regained his usual health. My situation was now one of extreme delicacy and embarrassment. T had no power to return to my- original unembodiment, and I had no right to be the gliost of a man who was not dead. I was advised by my friends to quietly maintain my positioni and was assured that, as John Sinckman was an elderly man, it could not be long before I could rightly assume ihe position for -which I had _beeu, selected. But I toll yon, sir," he continued with animation, "the old fellow seems as vigorous as ever, and I have no idea howmuch longer this-annoying state of things Will continue. -1 qiend .my. tune trying to get-oat of that old?man ? e way. - I must not leave this house, and he seems to follow me everywhere. I tell.you, sir, he haunts me " : " That is truly a queer state of things," I remarked, ;"Bnfc-why are you afraid of bin? He couldn't hnrtyou " "Of course he couldn't," said -the ghost. "33ut lus jjery presence is a 'shock and -terror to me. Imagine, sir, how you would feel iE my case were yours." •• I could not imagine such a thing at all, simply shuddered "And if one-must be a wrongful ghost at all," the apparition continued, " it would be much pleasanter to be (lie ghost of some man other ihan John Hinckman. There is in him an irascibilty of temper, accompanied- by a facility of invective, which is seldom met with; And what would happen if he were to see me, and ..find out, as I am. sure he would, how long and why I had inhabited his house, X can scarcely-conceive. • J'.have sseen him . in his bursts; of passion, and, although he did not hurt the people he stormed at any more than he-would hurt mej they seemed to shrink before him.' , All this tlrnew to he very true. Had it "not .been for this peculiarity -of.Mr. Hinekman, I- nught have been more wilhng to talk to him about his niece. " I feel sory foi yon," I said, for I really be: .gan to have a sympathetic feehng toward, this unfortunate apparition.." Sour case is indeed a hard one. It .reminds me ofithose-persons who bave had doubles, and I suppose a man .would:,often be very angry • indeed when he found that there was another being who was peisonating himself." •. "Oh, the cases are not similar at all,'' said ,-the-ghost,: "A doubleor-'doppelganger Jives on the, earth with a niac, and, being cxactly Jike him, he makes si! sorts of trouble, of cqiuse. : It is veiy different:-with me. I am not here tOilivc TOth lfr. Biiiclanaii. .I am here, to take Jns vplace. Kow, it would make John Hinckman very angry if he knew that. JDon't you jmoy it would 9 ' . I assented promptly--. ^ , -, .•. ...:. ." Kow that he.is away l ean -be easy for a httie while, 'continued flie ghost," and I am so glad to base an opportunity of talking to you. I have frequently come into your room; and watched you while you slept, but did not :dare-to speak;tp you for fear that if you talked :W»th.;me;1^v.Hinclmian:.woiildrhear youvand. come into thc.room to -know why you were' talking to yourself." V But;-woifld he notheaiyou asked. ::" Qh, no,",:6aid. the!other, there are timeis' when any one may see hie. but no one hears .nie.exoept the person to whom I address mvself.' , J ? " But why ^id yon Irish to speak to me ?" j0 Because,' replied Ihe ghost," I like occasionally to talk to people, and especially -to -some one like yourseif, "whose mind js so iwubMaiid. pertnAMiSiat youarenot lilely to 3>o fnghiened hy a "visit from one -of us.; But J particularly wanted -to ask you to do ! moii jtavnr. :-a3iere is-cvery probability.-feofar as I can see,-that John Mnckman will live a long time, and my situation is becoming^ •insupportable;.'. Myigreat,object at-yresent 5s to get myself transferred, and I think that -you anayV^perhaps, be of_ase to me " " TransIerredJ" I -exdaimed. ""What do you. mean by that ?' " What I mean," said the other, 'is this ISJ'owi.ha.t Xiiave started on my eareer'-I liavegotto'be.the^ost,o£,EQmebody j-and-Isffaht to be the ghost of a man who is really dead.''. : .''^SHO^LDTBINKIHATRWOULDBECASY«N^UGLL;' , I -said. "Oppoiiunities must continually^ oiscur." "'Not at. all ! not at all J" saidTny compan ion,quietly. " Sou"haveno idea, what a SJushand pressure there is for situations of this; .land. Whenever a vacancy occurs, if I may express myself in that way, there are crowds? of applications for the ghostship " • " I had no'idea that such a state of things existed," I said, becoming quite interested in iiifriwa^.^gheteiHi^BbtD^igigong'itt^a^ systenli-ororder ;of precedence,^which-ybucould all take your turns like customers in a barbeis's shop " " Oh dear, thai would never do at all'" said -the other " Some of us would have to wait forevei There is always a great rush when cvei a good ghostship offers itself—awhile, as you jjiow, there are some positions that no one would caie for. Audit was inconsequence of my beingjn too great a liurryon an occa sion of file land that 1 got myself into my present-disagreeable predicament, and I have thought that it might be possible that you would help me out of it. Ton might toiow of a -case where en opportunity for a ghostslflp was not generally expected/but which "might present itself atfany moment. If ?cu would give me a short notice, I know I could arrange for a transfer." . " What'do yon mean '"I esclauiieiL "Do you want meio comnsit suicide ? Or to tm- Dh, no, nor no t' said the other, with a vapory smile " I mean nothing of that itod To be sure, there, are lovers who are watched been known, in moments of degression, to; offer very desirable ghostsiups, but I did not thinl anything of tlat land in conneotaon With you. Fon were the only person I cared to speak to, and I hoped that you might give me some information ithat would beof. use, and, m return,! sballhe very^lad to help yon in your love affaS." "toa seem to -know that I bave such an affair," I said ; Oh, yes, J ' replied the other, witn a little; yawn.- " I could not be here so mueh as I: have been-without knowmg aH about ih.it. . There was something horrible.in the.idea of Madeline and myself having been -watched bya ghost, even, perhaps, when we wandered together in the most delightful and bosky places But, then, this was quite .an excep tional ghojt, and I ceuid not liave "the objeeiionE to lim which would ordinarily-arise Sn x^jaid to bdngs of his class K 1 must go aiow" 'said ihe ghost, rising, bnt I rail see you somewhere to-morrow -mght- AndTemembei—yon help^ae, and 111 help yon." 1 had doubts ihe nexir morning as to ihe propmtyofi^limgSIadelmeanyifeng-abonithis interview, todsoBn^sonvancedmyscSfjihat: I must keep silenton the subject. Ji she knew, M there was a ghost about the houBQ she would h probdily-Ieave-'tiio place .mstantly.^^?;-I'^id'3iot : ttw mention ihe matter, and -so r^ulated -my demeanorthatlamquitesureMadelme never suspected what had taken place Star some tune.llia.d."wi£hed"tiiat Mr:Hinclnnanwould absent himself, for a day at least, fiom the premises. In such case I thought I-might more easily nerve myself up to the point of speaking to Madelme on'the subject of our h future collateral existence, and, now that the opportunity for,. such: speech shad --really oe- - «unEd, I did not^eel ready to avail myselfsot it., What would become of me,if she letased me 9 iliadanidea,however,that ihe lady thought that, if I were gomg to speak at all,-this-was tlie time. She must have known that certain eentuuents were afloat Within me, and'ehs was not unreasonable in her^^ wish to see the niatter settled- one way or the other. But I did not feel like taking a bold step in the dark. If she wished me to ask her to give herself to me,. she ought to offer me some reason to suppose that she would make vthe gift.- HI saw no probability of such generosity, I would prefer that things should -remain as they were, That evening I was sittmg with Madeline m:flie moonlit porcb. It was nearly -ten. o'clock, and ever since supper-time I had been working myself -up to the point of making an avowal of my sentiments.-' I had not positively determined to do this; • but wished gradually to-ieach the proper pomt, -when, if file prospect .looked bright, I might speak: My companion appeared to understand tlie situation—at least, I imagined that the nearer I came to a proposal the more she seemed to expect it. It .was certainly a very cntiealand importani epoch m my life. K I spoke, I should make myself happy or miserable forever,and if I did not speak Iliad every reason u to beheve that the lady, would-not give me another chance to do so. Sitting thus -with Madeline,- talking a little, • and.thinking very hard over ihese momentous matters, I looked up and saw the ghost, not a -dozen feet away from us. He was sitting on " the railwg oJ the -porch; one leg thrown up before him, the other dangling down as he leaned against a post. He was behind Made^, hne;but abnost-in^frontcf snejaslsafcfacing: 1;he.|ady: -It;was fortiSnate thatiMaddinearas looking out over-the landscape, for Xmust havcappearedvery much startled. The ghost had fold me that he would sea me some- time this me^t; but:Idid not think he would-iinake his appearance when I was in the company of Madeline. : H,she should see ihe spirit of her unclel could not answer for the consequences.; •Iinadeno exclamation, but the ghost evidently -saw. that I was troubled., . " '.-i., " Don't, be afraid," he said—" I shall notlet her see me; ,and,.she,.cannot here me-speak unless I address myselfito her, which I do not intend to do.' I suppose Hooked grateful. • ; "So you need not trouble yourself about that," the ghost continued ; ;",but it seems id me that you are not gettmg; along very well with your affair. If I it-ere yon, I should spealt out without waiting any longer^ - Ton will never have a better chance; Yon are not hkfJy.-to be interrupted ; and, so far ae l ca'n ,3ndge, file lady seems disposed to listen to you favorably -- that is, if she ever intends to do so; There is no knowing when John Hinckman will go away again; certainly not this •summer:; - If- I-: were in your place I should . never- idare to make love to Hmclonan's niece if he were anywhere about-the place- H he should catch any one oSenng himself to Miss Madehne, he wouldihen be a ternble man to encounter." I agreed perfectly to all this, "I cannot bear to think of him 3-' I,«jaculated alond • i' Think of -whom 3'' asked Madeline, turning quickly toward me, ...Here was an awkward.situation. The long : . speech of the- ghost, to which Madeline paid no attention, but which I beard with perfect distinctness,-had made me forget myself.. It was necessary- to explain quickly- Of course, it would not do to admit- that it was of her dear uncle that iwas speaking ; and sol mentioned hastily the firstname I thought -of. " Mi. Yilars," 16aid. , 1 This --statement was -entirely correct; for • I never could bear to. think .of Mr. Yijai-s, who • was a-gentleman ivIio .-had,-at -vanous times, vpaiimuch attention to Madeline; , \- " It is wrong for you to.speak' m that way of Mr. Yilais," she said. " He is a .remarkably well educated and. sensible young man, andlias -very pleasant manners. - He exffects ,tobeeleetedto;iheiegislatui-ethiBfal!;:"and-r shoifld,3iot-lie snrpnsed:af he.made his -markc He will do ; wellm-a legislative body, for wheni ever-MriTfilars lias anything to say he knows just how and when io say it.' This was spoken yery quietly, and Twtliout any show of resentment, which nas all very 'natural, Jpt if Madeline thought at all favorably of me,she«ouMmot feel«U^leased tbatishould have sdisagreeable emotions m?ri^ard: to a-possible mvaT. • iThe.'ConcluamgiVwords: derstand. -licit veiy'sure that if >Mr. Yilars were in my present .position he would speak quickly enough. " I know ii is wrong io have such ideas about a person , ' I said,'.' but i cannot help; .-The-iady.did not cliide me, and after-tliis l she seemed even in a -softer-mood."- As for med S S-.-ifi3t'i«nuBdenl>i}!, jra^^'tiloc-^jtaa-jnot'' wished to admit thai any thought of Mir i Vjlars had ever occupied ?ny mind. " You -should not speak aloud "that way," - : said the-ghost, "or you may get yourself into tiouble I want to see everything go well ,iviJh yon;;because&eniyou;!3iiay ibe' £sposed ; to -hfi|p JiuB/iespecialiyJf S'^hould-chaacew beof any assistance to you, which I hope I shall be l-longed^^Hffl-1iim>that-lher0..was.®o'way ! anwliichhe couldiielpmeSD much^sbytak- -mglilsMstant departure To make love to a -young My with a ghost sitting on the laiimg near by, and that ghost the apparition of a miieh-dieade.i uncle: the vcit idea of ivliom in such a position and at such a time made me tremble,was a difficult, not an imposs ' ible, thing to but I-forboie to speak, al though I may have looked my mind. " I suppose, 1 ' conlimied the ghost, •" that you liave not heard anything that might be of advantage to me Of course, T am veiy anxious to Ijeai, but if you have anything to tell me, I -can wait until you aie^alone I' will come to you to aught in yW room, or I will slay heie until theTady gdes away " " You need not vmt here," I eaid; "Iharo i S e S r S l ^ herfaceflnshed "Wait here!" she-cried. "What i suppose I am -waiting for 9 Kofiung to me f^j^i-TJmnlfl Hiinksol What ^"l&detor;^I excbimeS, sipping toward hei, " let sne explain." But shehad gone T Here was the end of the world lor jne 1 i turned fiercely to iJieghost. "Wretched existence 1" I cned. lou have ruined everything. You have blackened mv whole life Hadit notbeenioryott But here my. voice faltered, i conld say bo ^"You wrong ihe," said the ghost. "Iliave not injured yon. iliave tried-only to encourage and assist you, and it is your own lolly thatias done this mischief. But do not de spauv j™ —-- Keep w a brave heart. Good by. And he vanished from the railing like a bursting soap bubble. I trentgloomily to bea, but I saw no apparitions that night except those of despair and misery which my wretched thoughts CaUed up The "words i had uttered had sounded to Madeline like the basest jnBuIt. Of-course,-iliere was jonly one interpretation she could put upon iJjem. As to esjiliamngmy ejaculations, that was impossible. I thought the matter -over and over again as I lay awake that sight, and 1 determined that I would never tell'Madeline the facte of the case It would be belter for m« to suffer attiny 3ife than for her to Taiow : Bindanati was away, and. u sue Knew of ghost she could not he made to believe he was not dead. She might notsvrvive the shock' No, my heart could bleed, hut I would never fell her. The next day was fine, neither too cool nor too warm, the breezes were gentle, and. na tore smiled But there were no walks or rides with Madehne. She seemed to be much engaged during the €ay, and.I saw but little of When we met at meals she was polite, but very quite and reserved. She liad evi- detenEined on a course: ;af conduet, and had. resolved to assume. that;?&lfiioiigh..;,I had bean very rude to her, she did not understand ihe import of my words. It would be qmte proper, of-course, for her, not- to know whati meant by my. expressions .of the'juglit before. twasdowneasfcancl wretclied,and,said but little, and the only bright streak across the black horizon of my woe was : the=tact that she did not appear to be happy, alfliough she affected an air of unconcern. The n«oonht porchwasdeserted-that,evening,,iutwanderr ing about the house I found Madehne in the library alone. She was readings Jbut. I: went in and sat down nesr her. I felt that, although X could nofdo so fully. I must in a measure explain my.conductiof thecnight-before. iShs I made for ihe words I had used. " I have not the slightest idea what yon meant," she said, " bnt you were very-rQde." I earnestly disclaimed any intention of rudeness, and assured her, with a warmth of speech that must have made some impression upon her, that: rudeness to her would- be an action impossible to me. "I-said a great deal upon the subject, andimplored her to beheve that if it were not for. a certain obstacle -I could speak to her go.plainly that she would eveiything. : She was silent for a time, and then, she said, rather more kindly, I thought, than she had spoken before "Is that obstacle in any way." connected with my uncle?" . " Yes," I answered, after a little hesitation, it is, inja measure, connected .with, liim.'-' She inade no -answer io this, and .sat looking at her bool^ but not reading.- ,. Rom the expression of her- :face, I ihought .she , was :somevdiat jisoftenel^^.toward vme;, .She-knew, hei "uncle as well as I aid, and she may have been thinking that if he weie the obstacle; • that-prevented my speaking, (and thei'e- trere many ways in which he might be thai-obstacle), my position would he such a hard one that it would excuse some wildness of speech and eccenfaicity of manner. - I saw. too, that the warmth of my partial explanations had had some effect on her, and I began to beheve that it.might be a good thing for me to speak my mind ..without .delay., ho matter, how sheahould receive -my proposition, ,my relations with her could not be worse , tl^n they had been the previous night and, day, and there .was something in her face which .encouraged .me to hope,that die -might forget -.my foolish exclamations of the evening befora if I began :to tell her, my. tale of Jove, v' • I draw my chair-a httle nearer to her, and as I: did so the ghost burst into the room from ihe door-way behmd her. I say burst, although-no doorilew open and he made no noise.: He was wildly excited, and waved his arms above his head.: • The moment I saw lairn, my.heart-fell witliin me.-". With the entrance of .vthat impertinent apparition, every hope ilea from me. I could not speak while he was m the roota. - i I-must have turned pale, and l^azed steadfastly: at the rghost, ;almost without seeing -Madehne, who sat between us "Do you know," he cried, "that John Hinckman is coming up the lull?, He will be: here in fifteen minutes, and if you are doing snything in the way of love-making, you had better hurry it up; .But .this 'is not .-what I canie.to tell you.. T haveglonous news ? .-At last I am transfen-edl Not iorty .minutes,ago : a Russiannobleman was murdered by the Isihilists. slSobody-ever tnought. of him -'in connection , with an - immediate ghostsbip- My friends instantly apphed for the situation for me, and obtained my transfer. I am off before that horrid Hinckman ' comes up the lull. The moment I reach my new position, I shall put off this .hated seinblance.. XJood- -;You <!an-'t!imagme how:glad.-I am to- be, at itastr, the leal ghost of somebody " "Oh 1 ' I cried, rising io my feet and sti-etching ou t, my. arms m atter lyi-e tchediiesB, " J. would,,to Heaven you were mine !f'..- "tamyonrsj-'saidMadeline,:rismg-to me her tearful eyes. FrmOyR: SloclOonl-^Gemmj. 