THE V.R C AUTUMN R5EET1NG. By Beacon. . Looking over the-' entry for tho autumn meeting of the Victorian' Racing Club inclines me to the conclusion' that a great arid impor tant meeting is athhrid. On paper the promUd of sport oxceeda that of hriy pifeyious year,' and it would not surprise me if for once the club benefited by .tho results. Hitherto there has always Been a loss sustainca nt-cno autumn meeting, but' it is just possible that on the present occasion a change lriay tako place to tho benefit of tho club, as I earnestly liopo' may be the ; case,' An annual loss over tho midsummer arid autuirm meetings has been so regular arid persistent that it' creates no aatdh Isliiri'eht. It iB paid out of ' tho profits of the spring^ meeting; whi6h' are largo ; arid the' cornmittee coritihiio' td: put forth tho1 same1 liberal programmo for tho' (jeri'efit of ira mem bers and tho owners' of :racoiiorscs, who dther . wise would h« woritiriglii an inducement tolieop their Btrids' in work. Tlio Vietdrin' Radifig' ; CIub! meotirigu off or special iriduceirierits to the' 'good horses to meet on the hanks of tho Salt water river— ihducetriorits' that' c'a'ri never.'or rarely, bo offered' by any 'other club; Cohiie-' iquentiy it' is there we expect to sdd' which1 are' ! -thd bcBt' horseB of the yea'rj arid challenge the' progress of tho rdedhorsa iri tliia' heniiBpherd.1 'It' is scarcely' to1 bb; expected that our . horses can ' preserve all the ?freshrioab; of' tho spring, anoT' .when' wor -cbnaldbr tho extromeheat of our annimer it must astonish all 'tlitnltlnB'personB that 'so largo' a proportion' of Ithd'hombs In1 training' have preserved' thoir' 1 soundness and kept their condition; Owing to' jthd distance' of tho: race' tho 'Australian' Cup' JhairArely'producod largo fields; and it 1» i&-'~ ipoesibld to'say how tho a'eoidente'of ' traiWfig' ;miy MfitBttdVo'duee' the present one. Still in j making a j'eaionable'oad' liberal allowance for' ?ml«liJtp*,4 Ithlnfc wo- aY(j- 'crjtltled'to'i!oirpfcot :»i larger field at the poBt than has been counted In any preceding year. Tho tablg showa that seven only started on -tho last oo- casion, whilo, ns, , many as .sixteen ... wero rangdd under tho staftor'^ flag the year Ije'forci whon Columbus was the hpro of ; tho day. . I fos onaarri preparddto ^Boethatnunibev^biljraedn'o^k which makes the raqo'.an oxtreiefyorjoii: one, notwithstanding that favoritiatri' and p'artliaii* ship has already exalted' somn over tho hcada of tho othors. j As regards the Newmarket Handioap, thai rade may.bp lbfttb ita'ohanco. A rich stake,. a short distance and an. equitable handicap ia enough to ensurp its field ; bcsidcB thero la an amount d£ luck posaiblo'tb. bo im-' ported into this prize that offers singular aM '? exceptional inducements to riin. It coats but .20 sbvs,, with tho chance of landing a consider.' able stake, and this with many . ;is. suffipient , to enduce thorn to start without seeking to ia« creaao tho nmount by^ backing their horses'. AlbAker's dozen havd entered the lists for tho HopSfniacd', arid if eiteli horso represerited n| ' sepafnto interest wo might rest contented with' tho aggregate. It is, however, otherwise, thord being four entered from, ono stablo, aud that orie of themoat powerful in the colonies, .whicli makes' it impossible to' rely upoii more than ono of tliia quartette' coming to the post j therefore, the field cannot be a largo orie, however well contested it may be. Sir Peter, Dhurringile, Red Rover and Jack aro all proven good cattle, while tho rest aro more moderate. It ia to tho handicap thpn wq must look to equalise their cliarices. Tndro aro eight horses in tho Port Phillip Stakes, with' Progrea's, Swivollor and Wellington nt the head, and if two only go it will baa most interesting race. Tho Ascot Valo Stakes, St. Leger and Sirei' Produce Stakes can scarcely enter into, our considera tion' at the present moment. There aro 125 in ' tho first race, 118 in the second, arid 100 in tho third; and although nine-tenths of tho num ber in each event are virtually out of the race, ; hndtlicir owners holding no hopo o'r intention,, of running them,', thoy do not, scratch tliem ' aimply becauao they are riot compelled to do so, and their remaining in, . howover incon venient to. tho world at largo; coats tbcm- : nothing. There are horae3 in these racea that . are not even in the stable, much' 'morb in train-' iu'g, yet thorq they will bo perrilltted tQ re main until cldso on' tho day of rurihing. I' think such cunduct on tlio part of owners moat - selfish and inconsiderate, 1 aiid. .trust tbo time) will arriyo when tho committee willjyipwit in,, the same light and havo a .forfeit^ injtroduce'dl ' into tho conditions to bo made ono, month' ' be-' ford the races tako'place. Wo aro surely eh-' - titled to know what probably may itaitand' what is positively not going. In this it ia not : my intention to interfere with tho prcrogatiyp, , of racing men and compel them to make rip . their minds hurriedly, or to pleaad the publio 5 . but I do think that' it would bo much more to' : ' tho credit of nominators if they withdro\v those''.' horses from, stakes they well know they have, no intention of starting for. If such .was tho, baao, the nairiea of those left in would be., ac knowledged by the press, whereas' tho majority'^ of the papers now ignore theso races:altog-i- ??' ther, because they do not choose to waste their ! apace iri giving 300 names when thero aro '?' scarcely 60 horses with any probability ol ' coming to tho post. : Tho want of this know- ? ledge Bpoila the interest in theso races with tbo public, who aay to themselves,-. ' more . chicanery and counteriilots -; aro hutching fdr us.' In the. Ascot Vale Stakes ar'oithe woll- . known names of Navigator; Solitude,- Morpoth, Frying Pan, -Tanglo; Magnet, '. Guesaworlc, : Bnsaanlo, . Boolka and Treaauro Trove,, and; with Navigator out of it wo should have a: splondid race; but ' we had evidonco' on- Now' ?? Year's day to' show-that, notwithstanding tho 1 i 7 'lb. oxtra, tho othora had not thb'ghost of a' : allow with him, As Darobin has sufforcd a:' defeat since ho scored high honors in the sprin'g therewillbe more confidfcnco in meeting- him. 1 than in the ca.16 of tho two-year-old *aco rc«. : f erred-, to.. Santa- Glaus; Pell' Mell,-.: lloyal'. Maid, Kohinoor, Victory, Somerset, Mart- . 1 mouth- and' Bdmething from the ' South' Austra lian team may be expeotod to moasuro' stride's with, him; Tho diaquaiiQcatiori ; of ??? the aonof Cocoanut.noriiinated aa by Oruede.ia : place of Robinson Crusoe, -will leave tho otliera exultant and hopeful, now they are ehro 1 not to meet Navigator or Solitude! Thq' . Bruriswiolc Stakes ' bida , fair to'' be a, goofy- race. While a three-milo/Hurdlo ORoco could. ; only draw an entry of . thirteen,; tho ! second '' Hurdle Racd'coirimands 23 over a distancn of . twomilcB. This showB clearly how few horsetf-: aro anpposed capable of gotting «? diotanbe,; . Sixteen is not a largo entry for ;the OotinthL-ui ' Cup, which ha3 ISO :bovs.' attached to it; and'; of course it was to bo expected' that-, tho/ .- Grand Stand Stakes wonld command a limited- -. ontfy only, as it is a wdglit for ago race,: with: . penalties; whoreln ; the namcB 1 of our best horses olono aro expected to appearl i On re« '-.' fereuce to theFiratand Second Nuraery Han« : ? dicapa, it will be found that thord aro il in tho- 1 first, and only 34 id tlio second,' tlio stakesf:.' being precisely tho sambj except in the lnattdc- : of diatunce, whitlt is a'ut'at livo arid Bovenfur- ?: longs. So horo again wo havo another ovi-'. dence of the preference for .short' .diatances,; ovor. long. * These races- aro not; weigh tddj!1: until after the commencement of tho' meeting', and aro particularly interesting1 to tho . owners,' ^ of: young stboki There! are 18 in tho.Townii Plate, a highly satiafactory return, aa'wq-kiio^/ ': how. few horses. thero aro oapiiblo of getting/' two miles at weight for ago. , EleVen of those aro three-year-olds; :: There are 18 in the All- , aged Stakes, which is a weight -for ago raop .: over a mile of ground. ' Hero 'twd-ybar-olds ;; aro , admitted, and liavo1 m'oro 'than onoo boca ?, ? successful. I luiow not what wo 'are to' cay to !i tlio Steeplecbase, Whei tUd entire ^colonies.- can muster no moro tlian'12 ontriea^forla*. raoo toU which 300 sova.'aro'.edded ; yot euch:,ls.thd, case, rind old Simpleton is not , of ; tho mrmbor;,; ? Tho Threo 'and; Eour^year- old; Handicap haBtr lO.attachedito it; but nono of the ho'rscs aro' o{f, ahigholftSS,' :'i .-:.?:!.?. I ,, '! ? '?? : ? -..-j :'.:;.-ji 