MISCELLANEOUS. Mrs. Langtry has brought her provincial tour to an end with a clear net profit of ¿£'8^753, which is a very comfortable sum to earn in twelve weeks. Cold sea water baths seem to be beneficial to smallpox patients. At any rate such is the conclusion arrived at in medical circles at San Francisco, owing to the extraordinary recovery of 16 men suffering" from this disease who were the other day nearly drowned in the bay in consequence of the upsetting of a boat conveying them from the vessel in which they were attacked to the hospital. When they were rescued it was thought that death would be the inevitable result of the accident, more especially as the patients, after their extraction from the water, were exposed for an hour to a cold wind in their wet clothing. Instead, however, of dying, every one of the sufferers have recovered with a rapidity described as " truly astonishing." Many of the patients taken from the same vessel who had not the good fortune to be upset in a boat were, by latest accounts, still struggling- with the disease, while the half-drowned men had been discharged from the hospital, and were walking about San Francisco in perfect health. St. James's Gai? late. Truth says : One of the favourite hymns of the Salvation Army commences thus : Elijah was a jolly old man And was carried up to heaven in a fiery van. The moral of this interesting speci- men of fervent psalmody is Let us every one be a jolly old man And he carried up to heaven in a fiery van. SALVATION ARMY. The following are a few clippings from War Cry, showing- the progress being made by the Salvation Army in England : Hampstead (Capt. William New- ton's man who has been called "Jumbo" for some months past, and who has been one of the devil's desperadoes, and who had come to such a state as to sleep on the open heath for nights together, came to our Barracks and was convicted of sin so much so, that, to use his own words, " If the Barrack had been packed to the roof, he should have scrambled over the lot to get to the Mercy-seat." lie is now quite a changed man, and is beginning to earn his living, and looks respectable already. Harwich (Capt. Gibson).-On Sunday morning a man said to his wife, "" You may go to hell if you like !" But oh, Hallelujah ! he came to our Barracks at night. The burn- ing; arrow of conviction went, home to his heart. He fell at the feet of the World's Redeemer, got gloriously saved, began to cry to God to save his wife, and, to his surprise, she too was at the Mercy-seat. What a sight to see them. Birmingham IT (Lieut. Roadbery). -Private Searle writes : " Praise the Lord ! we are still living at this Station. At our Sunday night's Free-and-Easy forty-one testified to the saving, and keeping power of God. One brother said-'Five weeks ago, the devil and I had a good struggle together, and I parted from him, and Jesus saves me now.' At ten o'clock we had a good open-air muster. Brass band out. Grand time at night, and at the close sixteen volunteered out for Salvation." In the roof of the chapel of New College, Oxford, (says Truth) a jack- daw found a comfortable nook whereon to build her nest. The young' birds were hatched a few days ago, and the parents, sharing, perhaps, the vanity of human fathers and mothers, showed their delight by chattering- to each other. The noise of the service, and especially the anthem, seems to have exercised its magic charm on them, for they joined in to the best of their ability, cawing- vociferously. The choristers, however, seem to have objected to such an accompaniment, and one of the dons ordered a laborer to remove the birds. Failing, however, to reach the nest he cruel I v built it up, with the poor little jack- daws inside. Last Sunday evening the hymn was " Happy birds that sing and fly Hound Thy altars, O most High." A correspondent writes to an exchange as follows, about the flowers of a well known plants I have discovered a remedy for consumption. It has cured a number of cases after they had commenced bleeding at the lungs and the hectic flush was already on the cheek. After trying this remedy to my own satisfaction, I have thought that philanthropy required that I should let it be known to the world. It is common mullen, steeped strongly, with coffee sugar, and drunk freely. Young or old plants are good, dried in the shade, and kept in clean bags. The medicine must be continued from three to six months, according to the nature of the disease. It is very good for the blood vessels also. It strengthens and builds up the system instead of taking an ay the strength. It makes good blood and takes inflammation away from the lungs. The writer wishes that every periodical in the United States, Canada, and Europe, should publish this receipt for the benefit of the human family. Lay this up and keep it in the house ready for use. Many have laughed a great deal at Talmage, Fulton, and other religious sensationalists; but in their straining and effective titles, headlines, And, they don't get ahead of the Puritans. The late George Br m ey, of Hartford. Conn., left a library particularly large in its collection of books of the early Puritans. The following are the titles of some of the sermons :- "The Snuffers of Divine Love" "The Spiritual Mustard-pot to make the Soul Sneeze with Devotion ;" " A Pack of Cards to Win Christ;" c Crumbs of Comfort for Chickens of Grace;" Sixpenny worth of Divine Spirits ;" " Baruch's Sore Gently Opened and the Salve Skilfully Applied as' " Some Fine Biscuits Baked in the Oven of Charity, Carefully Conserved for the Chickens of the Church, the Sparrows of the Spirit, and the Sweet Swallows of Salvation ;" "A Cluster of' Grapes taken out of the Basket of the Canaanitish Women ;" " Spiritual Milk for American Babes, Drawn from the Breasts of Both Testaments ;" " Matches Lighted at the Divine Fire ;" " Dead Abels yet Speaking and Spoken of;" " Doves Flying to the windows of their Saviour ;" " The Hatchets to hew down the Tree of Sin." Oxford (Capt. Jonah Evans). The Treasurer writes : " Sunday was the best day we have ever had at this Station. A Justice of the Peace was with us and helped us to praise God for sending The Army here. He said there were scores of men and women with bloated faces and black eyes the magistrates had missed coming before them since The Army came to Oxford. But on coming to our meetings they had learnt the secret. One of our Soldiers had counted up, and he found there were twenty-five devil's dens to let in that place." Blyth (Capt Jane Close). Private William Colpitts writes : " Since our Officers came from the Congress re- filled with the Holy Ghost, we have had some blessed times at this Station. On Saturday night the meeting in the Market-place was grand.' The Sol- diers came well up to the front, and crowds stood listening-. After firing some good Salvation shots, we had a grand march through the town to the Barracks where our Free-and-Easy barnes description, sixty-two testify- ing for the Master." 