SftctcBej. A 8PEOULATIVE 8PIRIT. !, Now, to understand the solemnity of- this story you jnust boliovo . that Hopkins was h man entirely without, mogiription— Frank Blair and I aeetdod that when Wo first rhndb Jjrs aoqnamtanoe, years ago and havo nevcy changed our . opinion; Woiworo thcn twp young geniuses who hoped to' soar to famo on the wings, of, art, tha jnost imaginative art of bll,.'flBure painting : andi wa knew, and were glaa to hiul imagihation'. .wherever' wi) Baw it. , Besides, as Blair truly remarked, Hopkins was a maiiwhose yocatibnit was tp mako monoy, somehow, on the , Stock. Ex change 5 so ono rpiglit as woli lookfor imagiri- atlonina model engaged at a shilling an hoar. ,Then again,' tho man's faea was sulu- ciont to ossuro you that hb was hot blessed with any such . quality. It is -a largo facC, rather flabby and sprinkled with freckles ; tho noso ia sliort and thick, and lip, chin,, and checks, quita destitute of -hair. Hopkin's bpdy, too, is almost inellned to corpulence ; ho dresses in a commonplace manner, his fingers ara short ..and thick; so I think wo may safely settle, to.start with, that Hopkins is'a vory ordinary man, and has no imagin ation. I nctrccly remomber how wo first fore- gathered with Hopkins. Ha was hardly tho man wo should havo chosen for aa intimate friond; yet, at ono'timb, we saw a goad deal of bim. In thoso jolly old days Frank and I lodged in modest rooms togothor rind shared ostndio. I think Mr. Levi Bolomon, tho picturocalcr, to whom, when hardly praised, wo would sell a picture or two, brought fairtx to us as a gentleman who desired a personal interview. It was, of course, against Bolomon's secret wishes that the introduction tookplsce, as tbo worthy Israclito did not approve of di rect transactions betwoon artist and collector ; bat Hopkins was doubtless a good customar and steed firm, so ono day Bolomon cod- ducted him to our studio. Wo' must havo boon in funds at that moment, for 1 rcmcmbpr we treated 'Poor Solomon rather cavalierly ; and as for Hopkins, wo looked upoh him as o being from a lower sphcro; 'a Fhfiistino ; a creature whose presenco in the world eonld only bo tolerated from tho stern necessity that an artist mast sell 'his pictures so someone, in order to Uvo. ' Onr ideas of tho grandeur and importance of the true mission of art wera very lofty in thoso days, especially if wo happened to have n fowponndsmonrpockets. Hopldns, to us, was ono of a class olmenwho buy yonng artists' pictures, solely with a view, of realising hundreds per cent; ton tho invest ments when fame comes to tho jpdlntcr. However, whether from mercenary inclina tions, ot for tha-mony good qualities that adorned ns, Hopkins took a great fancy to us and sought' onr; society from -that 'day. Of. course ho had'tho Usual commercial fanlts, and not a few defects of 'education; but he had a great and propor rovorcnoo for genius, and delighted to ao it homage — at least so wo understood tho meaning ol 1 thoso littlo dinners ho gave ns, at his own ohnmbora and various other places. As artists, alter oQ, aro bat- mortal, and, whon young and strag gling, not'too highly fed, wo ncoepted Hop kins's attentions in the spirit wo fanoied they wero meant, and, after a bit, tolerated him;' indeed, oven bean to think ho was a desir- nble- adfluaintancd— so, moved by ri feeling of gVati(nabr'fbr' his' cirilities, ' o'irly db'dbled ; the! market-pnee of tho pictures' wo could nt: times induoo hirq.to buy. i ' We' cnj6yod the dinners. ho gave ns very mnoh', bnt' I nisi sUre' HopkinB enjoyed himself DtibrO: whorl wo' wero''J£mdi;bnough to ebiido- ricend to invito him'to apend aU 'evening at. onr lodgings. ' He gave ns Lofltto and choice cigars ; we only plaoe d pipcs an d whisky upo n tho table ; but then, as ho said; bar rooms, if humble, were tho abodoi'of art, which ho honored;' Altogetlier'Hopldns was not-a bed sort; nnd those' were mcrrylbld tinies. ' ) If Hopkins.did'not himself takb'aTeading part in tho conversation during theso evening cntcrtoinm'cnts.t'ho was Ut'Llcabt;1 a 'capital \- listb'ner j Und, soinehbw;' whoi) "Frank1 Blair arid!, as was onr wont, goUito lively dimms- sion's on tilings iii gcnoralj qnd artinpaftieq- lar, wo had' contracted the habit of addressing I oar remarks to our guest, muoh in tho same way that honorable mcmbord :ad(lrcss then: Words to'- tho Speaker. ' ,:HdpkiiiBFwould 'sit in'thborhzy dfinchaif- andliston-'witha1 sort of stolid impartiality; bat rarely 'ventured to. mako'a' remark 'oni'1 His own"aecounh'' Ocea- slonallyil'fanclbd'his fabo'' during onr t'dlk , Would' wear' an hxprcssibn of -Content, 'but sbduM'bt like tb -bo tosh enough to assort dven'tbaf inuoh. :, Ho would Sit'smoldnK his pipe ' or bigar, but the ' hedrest dpproaon - ho made to, entering into'tUo'disonssion was by giving an bcedsional' grant, ' whicli might pa cithor of approbation or condemnation , 'as tlidse who heard choso to cdnstrao it.' Some- times, for "Want1 of better amusement, Frank and I would' join our forces together, and ohaff our friend unmercifully.' Ho' bore ouf sallies of .wit vorV'.wqll; and seemed tolike us none the ' worsb tout woinddo fun at his cx- penso. Yot there .was little inn in' it, after all ; and we decided that, except to keop our hands in,' it waB scarcely worth while to wastb our fino passes' on a inan who was so unrc- sisting,' and know tb littlo of fenii. 1 But ono unlucky evening ho brought hpon liimsclf a regular onslaught. 1 I Wd had bedif ' dilating upon the oharms bt iJn'drtikt's llfo.'dnd dssertihg its mordl. super iority to thdt'bf arty trqdo, "when our friend sighed dqeply dhd siud ' ' ' '''Sometimes; do'you know, I think had I learnt to draw when a boy, I might havo db'no something in your line. - Bat now l am afraid it Is too late." '> > -7; Tho idea was so presumptuous that we felt it domttndod instant and savcre' punishment, soiFrank said gcntlyi- cd ... " My dear follow, you draw somo things vory nicely nowi ovon- without an nrtist's eda- cation — cheques for inetonco." I followed more soverely : V Mr. Hopltjris, : allow mo to, warn you against falling into tlie error of that general rublio whioh you so well represent, in think- ng that tho execution alone nialaoa tho 'nrtist. An 1 artist, as I underatand 'thb.'word, ihnst havo many qualitifa bebldcs manual doxtcrity. Ho mnst havb, in' addition,' many of the gifts of the poet, 'and amongst them', that greatest gift of all/imagination. Now, you, my dear sir, I' am afraid aro not vory great at that.",' Poor Hopkinb said 'nothing; 'ovldently' con vinced, by Frank's sarcasm; arid my ponder ous atgiiments, that hls casowas a hopeless ono. ' ' , ; : " Do yqu.ovor'droam?" abked Ftank. "Notvery often;" 'replied Hopkins, "only after curried lobster or otbb; qr-sbinotiiing of that sort. I am a. vory soand elccper." '' ' Then you see; if you' can't drcam with out the osslstanco 'of iridigestiblo food, yon can't imagirib; and l;-tvitb ovory wish to on- conrngo inoiplent talerit;''Bhould advise yon not to adopt tho professon of an artist." ' " Well, woll," said Hopkins, ' Lot us say no moro about it," and ho sighed again. . But wp were not inolinod to'lot him off so easily," and went on in the samo vein, till we wore weary, and tossed him- knd his aspirat ions about betweon us like a ball. ' Wo trcat- cd liim very badly, arid he mnst hayo been tlic best tempered, or the 1 tlilakeat skinned of riion; to biivo Btood it without showing anger. Tired at last of baiting our importnrbablo friorid'wo tnrnod to othortbpics. ' " Socn Jones's now picture?" asked Frank. . " Yes. Don't core muoh for it," I replied ; "mori shouldn't try to paint old subjects unless thoy. can treat them in a new manner." \- ' " Woll, it must bo hard to striko out a now linowith Hamlet and tbo ghost. I never tried to paint a ghost, tso':l don'tTVnow whit I shoald mnko of it.? ' f ' "I shall wait till I see ono, and- thon offor it handsome tama tbr.aTow sitnel Ithlnk there is somothirig'to bo doriowith ghosts', but they mnst bo of an original kind— not conventional, liko Joneses." " Horig it ; no. , They arq always tho.sopiq —thinly painted, with' something placed eon, yoniontly bohind thcm, to .show .their trans-, patency. I wouldn't eoro to paint a ghost ol that sort; pcoplo only lnngh at them : but I should liko to put.that oreopyBcnsotlon on oonvos— that fccliugthot something nriconn, ' is abont.!' Well, when somcono docs sco a ghost, -wp may get-tho corrcot thing ; not till then." " Ghosts ain't ..visible," said - Hopkini , solemnly ; " but, for all that; thero are ghosts. ' A remark liko this from Hopkins was an event not likely to be passed by.'so wo cried in a breath : ' " What do you know about ghosts ? Ever troubled with them?" ' ' ' . 1 Ho took his 'pipe from his lips, arid said quietly: ','11 you yonng follows won't laugh to> much, I don t mind telling yon." I ' Wo 'promised tho; gravity of ' 8olon, ana Frank wiriked at me in- sb'barclubed a man ner; that aUybody.but our unobservant friend would have- seen, 'it, ' rind ' bt .'onco declined speaking.1 "Howevor, no "mischief was dims, for in deep accents ho began : " You remember: " " Stop a bit," I said ; " I can tell from tho way tho story opens it is going to bo somd- thing owlal. Let ns fill tho glosses first." Wo did so. "Now fire away, old fellow, and don't, please, embellish your truthful tela with too many flowers of fancy." Hopkins paused a little. ' Look here," ho Bald, you won't mention this to anybody, as I should not like tbo peo ple on tbo Stock Exchange to hear oi it. They chaff so." Wo rowed that wild horses should ndt rend tho tereiblo revelation from our bosoms. Hopkins began again ; " Yon remember my Into partner, poor old Bobbett?" "Never even heard of him," interrupted Blair. Ah, to ba sure. Beforo your time. Well, our film was— indeed, is now— Bobbett, Hop kins and Company." " What bosincsa?" I naked with on air of a cross-examining counsel. " Stock- jobbers. Ofllcc, Capcl Court," said Hopkins, with a return to hu usual bre vity. "Excuse my interrupting your interest ing talc," said Frank, "but what Is a stoek- obber ? Something eminently respectable, loneat, nnd lucrative, I have no doubt. But what is it?" Hopkins summed up his profession briefly, thus; ' " You want to sell stock— another man wants to buy stock— yon go to a broker— lie goes to a broker— both brokers go to a jobber, or dealer, which sounds nicer— your broker sells him tho stock, his broker bays It of him. That's a stock-jobber's business in a nut shell." ' " But as I am ignorant of all transactions in stock, I fall to see the pall of it." " Well, your broker sella it to mo for, say, ono 'hundred and twenty; tho other man's broker buys it for mo for, soy, ono hundred and twenty-one ; and that's tho way wo mako onr living." "That is a nico business," said Blair, in , tones ol admiration ; " so cosy, just tlio thing lo suit yon, I should think." . ' "Don't listen to him," I cried; "go on with yonr talo." Hopkins/not tho least discomposed by tho interruptions, proceeded " ' " Old Bobbett was my partner, and a capital partner he was— sharp oa a noedle, and bold 'as a lion, arid always luir iti bis dealings be tween partner and partner. , Thokmly fault I had to find with him was thnt ho was 'a littlo too fond of spqqqlatirig on his own aocount. T liko bestto let people spoculato thrpngh'me. It paybest in tho. long ran, arid yon, sleep much sonnder when a rising or. falling market don't mako ri difiereuco ol pi thousand or so to yon. _ Bnt'Bpbbett.couldn't keep . out of it. Tho oxoitenierit was everything to him, and I must: say1 ho was veiy clever ; Iseldom making a bad miatake. . He gave all hla time to it and had thoiriost marvelioua way of picking up information beforo othor pcoplo. I never know -where "ho got hiB tips, but when ho strollcd into the office of a morning and said, I' Bettor soil or bny North British, Brighton As,' or what elso it might be, I knew 'ho had heard something, and, thuro Would .bq a movo one way or. anothor in the stooks'ho named. I tell ypu l used to gctvory frigbtoncd at first, riBptoially ,wh6n ivo .'did majto, 'losseq ;' but at each yeqr'p' oridifound tho ljalaricb th'origl\t side, so, at laat, I camo to trust Bobbett implioitly— let hitndo just as.lio liked; an it hp hap told .me oonsola bvrire goirig to drop to oighty, I think I shbuld havo boliovod him. Poor olpBqbbiirt . ; V ; " ' " . h Hbpkins paused here. It might, have been frorittb'.o'cmiitrpn' caused by '.tholrecoilcetiori pftpadet/iplAteraeiat passages ' botwedn , liiri>:- sou'ond tholambritcd Bobbett, but; if ao. hia face said nothing. ! . Frank drew, tho book of his hand-aaoross his ayes/rihd murmured: ' h " . ' 1 "This nihil very interesting — very pathetic, but' whero's tho 'promised ghost?" , Our stolid friend took no notice, but wont on liko 'one ooinmenoing a fresh ohaptor of a novel. ' 1 " 'j Ono day iriy partner told mo ho, was going to ' tho north of .lEngland oh Kome private business. There Was: yery littlo doing nri. thp Exphango at that timo, or, ,, I am sure, no private business would havo called him away. Bottor not operate, until my return,' ho said, unless you hcsr;fromm'o. H I toirik' any thing worth doing, or pick up any nows, ji will "wire.' ' All right, ' I.', siud ; - ' pleasant journey: to you.' And floLo wont out of tho ofllco,' never to return. Poor old Bobbett !' ! Hopkins seemed' aim out. in 'tears, and wo, .who had nover given/him, credit for sucly tendot feelings,, tempered our 'surpriso with syiripathy.1' ; ' " Tho noxtday bat ono came .a telegram— from John Bobpett, Crosslcigh.rqad Station. It pontoinod thbso eimplo wprds, Sell thirty thousand Marthas.' ; I was, thunderstruck as I read it." : : . ; .. "Wait a minute," said Blair; "you aro going beyond us again. , What did ho mean ? Wero you slavo-jobbors as well as stock; jobbers?" ' "Wo call stooks by nicknames. Cnledor nian Doferred are Claras,' 'Brighton Deferred are 'Berthas,' Northern As ' 1 Noras,' so that Manchester and D undoes aro 'Marthas.' " 'f I see," said Blair ; " what Ingenuity I " . "I..was..thundoratrack,' -I say; - arid as I read' tho telegram.' my first -thought was, it must bo a forgery ; but n secret 'word- known to us alone, .put its authenticity beyond a doubt. And yet, . in epito bl my bigh opinion of Bobbett's olovornees, I hesitated foe somo minntcs.V I eonld- boo no ipotalblo. reason to expect a fall in the stock named. The traffic retnmwasgood,andalargodividondwasnatnr- ally expeetcd.r. All1 rails wore high, and all thi knowing. peoplo said mnst go -higher, Thoro was lots of public money for investment, and tho outside- Rublio dearly lovca to bay on ' a rising markot, arid yet, with. oil-, thoko faots before me, I am prond to say I trusted my old partner, although -it. was with a heavy heart I followed his instructions. ' I sold ot tlio best prico I could get, and, just as I had placed (no last fivo thousand, bccamo award of great oxcitomcnt in tho markct.,.1. You will soorcoly ;oredit-it,: bnt tdlegramaicomo .in, running so—' Terriblo acoidenton Manchester and Dundee line. Two trains, completely wreoked. Fifty persons killed and wpandcd.f Yori.must remember tho collisipn. It was nri awful smash rip, arid noarly a'wamped tlio dividend on tlio deferred shares for that half; year. , , . ' . "As soon, as .the fiirst.oxoiiuraont subsided, I began to think of Bobbett. I knew ho was somowhero up that way, and, for tho momont, felt anxious about him, and then I laughed at bay fears as I rompmborod tbo telegram I had received a shbctj&hlivbof; ore. Ho, at least, mnst be Ml rMtpSJIdhCOiild not havo sent mfi thatllnp ; hot what aAartful old raseffift' 'fefiow, I.njerin — -to iihanagO tb forestall Groby-, onriintnoiritolligoiieo! He ninst havo apqdto'; 4;caids)idation,despatehednismessago,aiw perhaps bribed the'.telegrapblst to keep back tho official news until' I had timo to eompleto tho transaotion. However ho had managed, it was, Very, plover, and ought to , be ,o lot of money in ourlpewkcts, olid thankful I was I-' hnd.tweted.him. " I daresay you two, in your hearts, think tlriB verv wrong, - but it is diamond out dia mond on tho London Stock- Exohango,' I onn toll yon."- i.; -iiil"-: ' Frank and l-mado polito diselaimera, and as wo were growing rather interested in this iniquitous exploit of Bbbbeti's, -pressed Hop kins to go on without fear of wounding our susceptibilities. ' 7 "'Of conrso I' was vera sorry for tho poor people killed, bnt I could not help feeling as I went back to my 'office that I had done a very good day's work. - ' I won't oloso,' I said ' until Bobbett returns/ - 1 should think, with this'transaotion open, he is Btiro to got baok to-morrow.' - EVcn as I medo this resolution, a clerk put a telegram in my hand; ' It camb from soma railway official, and informed mo that1 John -Bobbett bad been killed in tbo smash, -My stnfprise at tho first mcssago was nothing to_ what -I felt now.' It . was nt- torly - inoomprobensiblo — it was ' - irri- ossible.; How- eonld Bobbett be dead whon his telcgrain lay before mo? When hb sent that he must have been alivo, and what was more,' had all his wits aboat him. It was barely possible ha oonld.havo got any one elso to Bond oil tho message, and died after- from injuries. I was greatly puzzled and atarmcd, bo decided that tho best thing I could do to clucldato the myBtciy, was to go myself to the scene of tho accident, and as certain tho truth. I started by tho niglit mail, travelled all niglit, and early in tho morning, reached Crossleigh road, a littlo station of no imporlanco. Tho accident had happened somo milos farther down tlio line, and when I reached tho place, I was conduct- cd to a largo barn, which Btood near tlio sido of tho railway ; and there laid oat on tho deal boards, I saw, slda by sido with many a ghastly object, tho coma ol poor old Bobbett, mangled and battered almost beyond recog nition. Alter tbo emotion I felt at seeing my old partner In this state had subsided, a feeling of intense fear replaced it. I bow- at ono glance, that, by no possibility, could he havo moved n foot after tho accident, and as I stood wondering, a doctor who was near - mo, said: He was moro fortunate than many, his death was instantaneous.' "I obtained farther particulars from tlie people abont, nnd learnt that his body had Iccn extricated from the wreck of tlio car- riages, whero U lay with abont a ton ot wood and iron on top of it. - "And yet I had his telegram, sent from Croaslclgli ltoad, o station, as I told you bo- fore, at least fivo miles from Uio 'scene of tlio collision, and I received that telegram nearly an hour before any newa came of tlio acci dent." Hopkins knocked the ashes out of his pipe, and was silent. The man's talo had been told so nhnply, so circnmsteatiMly, tho timo and places slated so distinctly, and apparently truthfully, that Frank and I far tho momont were unable to suggest , any explanation. Hopkins replenished his pipa with tho air of one who has nothing fnrtnar to say. At last I asked; ' But did you not anquiro at tho telegraph office?" - " Oh y es. But I hardly. like to ,tcll you the result of my enquiries, it seems, so strange. I interviewed tho man who workod tho machino. I did not want to get a marvellous talo spread about, so was very cautions iri my. questions, enquiring what messages hahadsqntoff the -day beforo. At firstI;ooald get nothing out of 'him, .but , . I, noticed, when I a'skcd him whether ho could remember any Btrangooccnr- renca just- before .Dig accident, he. seemed troubled, and hesitated a little; snil . pressed him furthor;. and at last , got this statement from him. ;. Soma .'timo, abont. an . hour bo thinks, before lio hoard ot tho aeoident down . tho.-lipo, he jvas- standing in the, office - with Ins back to the.fire, engaged in cracking nuts, eating apples, or somo other device that clerks with plenty of - loisure . omploy to while : qwajr the time, whan he felt a breath of cold air -as if someone had entered, and left the outer dqor.ajar. Ho turned round to remonstrate with the cureless Intruder, and, to his sur prise, saw, tho door -was'shut. As.ho glanced ronndtho room he heard the familiar click, oliok, click, aud ho was .quito prepared tp swein he. saw.- tho, handle of tho instrument .Working rapidly j;on its own account,, and GvidcntTy sending , oil a mcssago, somowhere. He -was- so taken aback, -and, indeed, frightened, tliat for some moments - ho could not movo, . and when at . last ho re covered himself, .-sufficiently to spring for- \- ward,, ' the . ntoVomcnt of; tho handlo haft ceased, and, tho message, whatever it was, speeding to -its.;: destination.'.! Ho was euro, from tho.short timo it took- in sending, tho mcssago \yas:ono of -very few words, and , I need, not say . that, as telegraph clerks are unaccustomed to: seeing their instruments .workod Iw inyiBiblo ogonoy, he was very -muoh puzzled, but deoided pat to report tho. ocour1- renco:fpr fear his: .Bnporiure.;should;think.ho bad been drinking. -Igavo him a coupla of sovereigns, and begged him to say nothing ahout-it, , Afterwards I enquired at the other ond, arid found ;-tho message had been for- warded in nn ordinary way; -So thort in spito of iriy disbelief in anything, supernatural, I could only, noma. tp ono conclusion." ; " It is very strange;" saidFrank. " So you think — - . ! I think that pqor old Bobhet's ghost flow atoncoto tho tclcgraph-oflico, and managed to send off that important mcssago to . his old partnor and friqnd." . Bobbett was a very clovrir iriari, and.no doubt his ghost wasolevercr than other people's ghosts." " So that in tbo general confusion, it man aged to ovado pursuit for a fow momenta ?" ' ; Hopkins mado no -reply. . "Bnt,','Iasl£ed,:';',hnveyou,any reason :for thinking that ghosts i in genorM, or ; Bobbctt's ghost in iiartiaulnr, aro endued with a. know- lodge of .the, Morse alphabet?'.', ; "I havo -told you,. boforc," said Hopkine, with crushing solemnity, "that Bobbett was a clover man, and i;ncw most tiling!;." . " Well, what, about tbo what-d'ye-call-cms — tho young woman, tho Marthas?" asked Frank. , - "I waited : somo i days, boforo I closed tho aocount, hoping that,Bobbott. might send mb instruotions about them somehow,, but. ns I heard nothing from him, I bought them hack at.ton.por.cont. loos." . , : ,j That, I suppose, means a satisfactory con clusion, and you netted something ?" ' . "Thrco thousand pounds. .It ought to havo boen more, had I dared lo.wait ; lor, they fell fifteen boforo they stopped. Perhaps,", added Hopkins, thoughtfully, and , regretfully, had ,1. waited till then, Bobbett would have sent mo a mcssago to close." Ha .said -this in such serious , good faith, that wo stared at ono . anothor. Whin wo re- covered from our astonishment, I askod : , "That profit, of course,' wont into tho part nership account ?" ' "Of conrse it did, sir," replied - Hopkins, almost angrily. 1 Af tor deducting my travel- lifig expanses, I passed his share to bis oredit." . i "And Ihopo," said Frank, with a solemn face, " you paid tho company tho' shilling for tlie'telegraphle mcssago, which Mr. Bobbett sent without their pornflsslon." . Hopldns roso with a manner niiriost digni fied. I; " Mr. Blair," he said, " tills is the ono sub; jeot I npver jest upon. I. have told you, in tho simplest languago, a Btrnngo, but a true talo, and' will now wish you gqod.rilght." - ., So, saying; ho wont. . . Frank, rather huffed at his last words, only uhook.hands with pur, departing guest; but I -.conducted him downstMrs,< rind saw him out. As I tdosod the door, I heard, a tromandons grant; indeed ; so loud was it, I thonght it must ho a summons for ra-admlttanco I opencijllio door again, and, to my surpriso, saw Hfjpkiha leaning against thorollingB.with ovogy rausApf his broai) back in Btotion. I w&'qriito GGSmed, and said hastily? '"Arif yo®, old follow ?" ,Thq quivering motion qbasod; nijdi Hopkins ItqpcdjbroaO. and lookcdSlnBt lJtg), and ins great lace, under tho lamplight, was empty of expression as ever.- "No ; only tho rcoollcetion of thoso things, I told you, always upsets me. Good night. 'Poor bid Bobbett 1'" : ' ' Strango tale, Frank," I said, .whcn.haviiig closed tho door on Hopkins's doparting Bigh, wo settled down onoo moro. I " "Vory. Had anyono olso but HopkinB told it, I shouldn't bavo bblioved'a-word-of it ; but ho 'eonld no -more irivont it than ho could paint my Alexander ond Thais." " How do you aocount for it?" i " Can't account for lt.: - Tho only oxplnno- tion l ean sco is, that Bobbett; who must havp been no ond of a rascal/laid somo plan fo|c wrecking tho (rains, and arranged tb havo thp telegram sent off previously. Bnt then ho was in tho train, and was smashed- up him,- self, so that won't do." j " I havo Bcon it asserted," I said, " in a book on spiritual influonecs, that a person dying,- and thinking of somcono at a'distanpq, -has boon ablo to mako a sort of resombisricb of lihnsolf appear to' that someono. Bobj- bqtt's thoughts," directly tho 'Birisish coma, may have- turned to' this ono passion— spec. Mating, and Beted somowhat in tho Bomb way." - - ' 'i " Nonsenso I"' said ' Frank ; that won't hold water. Icbn't'ocoountfor it."' ' " ' ' ' I Neither con I." ' ' And wo never did. Hopkins declined to lalk any moro apon tho subject, which, he said,; was a painful ono to him,' so we soon ceased to think about it. And yet there is one thing that puzzles me. Somo yean afterwards, I spoko about Hop! kins and his peculiarities, or, rather, look of peculiarities, to a mutual friend, when, sud denly remembering his talo, I said : " By-tbo-bye, did you know hislato partner, Bobbett?" ' " Oh yes ; very woll— sliarp man ho was too 1" i " Killed in a railway accident, I boliovo ?" ; No ; bo died in his bod liko other people, andlcftalotofmonoy behind him." Now, this picea of Information, couple with the recollection of Hopkins, as -I saw him, leaning against the railings outside the front door, quivering with strango emotion, caused a feeling' ot uneasiness in my mind, and sometimes now, in spito of his unmean ing features and commonplace demeanour, I ask myself, in confidence: "Were we wrong after all, and did Hopkins possess imagina tion r 1 — (From All the Year Bound.) 