ROWING NOTES. llr Cuukkr. This afternoon many of our rowing mon and those interestod in aquatics will no doubt be found on tho shores of Lake Colac. An oxccllcnt programmo for both rowing and sailing has been provided by tho local regatta committeo. Good entries havo been recoivod, and with lino weatiicr a most enjoyablo day's outing should bo there spent. Colac is n very pretty part of the county and its morits on that ground aloiio should draw a goodly com pany to tho BccQO of the contests. Special trains leave Melbourne, Ballarat, and Goolong this morning at lralf.past 7, twenty minutes past 7 and half-past 9 respectively, to convoy visitors to Colac. Tho train tickets aro available until Tuesday for return by ordinary trains, and aro issued at holiday prices. Richmond Regatta should be a successful one, judging by tho largo cntricB received. It will be a trial row for tho crows, and oxcellont practico for thoso who may mako their first effort on the water. Tho regatta takes pluco on the 9th inst. , tho course being from above tho railway bridgo to below Richmond. Tho Stevenson Cup contests will afford Bomo oxcitement noxt week to tho boating fraternity. On Tuesday tho trial heat bctweon M'Arthur's and Peterson's crews takes placo. Tho winner of that heat will meet the prcsont holders, who re present Messrs. Wm. Watson and Sons. AH of these crows havo now been in training for somo weeks past and should ho in excellent condition. I anticipate that tho trophy will remain on tho premises of Mossrs. Wm. Watsons and Son3 for another year. Tho Krug champagne sculling trophy has boon rowed for for tho second timo. It will bo re membered that last May Mr. Fitls, of this colony, won tho raco somowhat easily, beating what was considered the best Sydney amateurs. On ac-' count of business engagements the Victorian could not put in an appoarancc lost Saturday, but I am givon to understand ho will train for tlio third contest that will be rowed on the Parrumatta next May. On tho prcsont occasion there was a good fiold of BCullors, including a Mr. Sharland, from Tasmania, the roprcsontativo of insular sculling being a luodorato third. J. Arthur, of the Sydney club, .who is by many considered tho lest sculler iu Sydney, gavo up during tho raco. I am told that Arthur smashed his boat up by a collision a day or two before tho ovent. This cir cumstance may account for his hoing " nowhere." The wimicr turned up in C. W. Galen, of the Sydney club, who won at the end somowhat easily from Brett, of tho Mercantile club. Mr. Gaden's win would he a popular ono, as he is a most enthusiastic and rising oar.sinan. Ho has compoted in more than one intercolonial eight- oar raco if I rcmombcr rightly. After tho lCrug race was decided, Trickolt and Clifford got ready for their match for £100 a side in watcrmon's skiffs. Trickett was the favorite at G to 4 on him, Clifford, however, heat the ox- champion after' a good contest for a couple of miles. Trickett is no doubt terribly out of bis old form. Soon after the start a bad foul oc curred, whon tho umpire stopped tho race and re- started tho men from tho starting point. Any amount of rowing has been dono this week, many of tho crows with oarly engagements, such as Richmond and Colac Kogattos, patting on the pace. Other crews havo iieon simply doing long Btcady practico combined with a bit of strong work occasionally. Tho Civil Scrvico havo been doing stoady work both in their senior four and maidou sight. Tho latter crew, however, also indulgod in some fast work, sometimes hoing stroked by Upward. This eight havo improvod a good deal lately, and now row fairly woll. Longdon is perhaps more backward in his form than his mates ; this, how ever, may bo accounted for by tho special duties lio has to poriorm iu supervising everything that takes placo on tho banks of tho Yarra or tho pas sing boats— probably this interferes with tho at tention ho should othorwiso givo to tho coach. How would it do to row the oarsman named in winkors d. la "The Ghost," if ho can ho spared from bis duties of ovorseor ? Tho senior four still row nicoly together. They may be going strongly but they hardly look it. Tho Victoria Club senior four go to row at Colac to-day, where they should win I think, al- tough thoy were only juniors last year, and will meet thoir senior oarsmen of somo seasons' standing. Their boat carries thora very well on the Yarra, but should it be lumpy on tha lake they will suffer in that respect. Tho crow have dono some good work lately. Thoir rowing is dono well together, and they move along appa rently at a smart paco. This wcok thoy havo done most of thoir work Mlow bridge for the purpose of getting rough water practico. Tho maidon oight from the sarao club aro steadily at work, and also visit tho Lake city. Melbcurno havo been well represented on tho river, all tho crows from that club doing good work throughout tho week. The rowing has boon kept to modcrato pace, and I don't expect to soo very fast work indulged in- until tho middle of next weok. Most "of tho men are well -forward in condition. In mentioning (bo rowing of tho maidon eight of tho M.R.C., I in error made it appear that No. 4 wqs rowing exceedingly badly. I in tended tho remarks to apply to No. 3 (Thono- man This rower is working hotter, this week, and I hope will csntinuo to improve. No. 4 iu tho senior eight is rowing his slido much too soon. That rowor I fancy docs not un derstand tho vaiuo of tho slide, othorwiso ho would not so persistently push it from under him so early in tho stroke. I regret to learn that tho latest addition to tho long roll of honorary secretaries of tho V.R.A. has determined to give up tho honorary and onerous position, I am Borry for this, as tbo gontloman has plenty of enthusiasm and would do credit to tho position. Ho complains that tho work is too much for him, but I fancy that thoro is a desire in some quartors to sit upon tho " New Chum." Mr. Harvoy has already started some new nations that I have no doubt will bo of great sorvico to tho association. A spocimon of tho now programmo of tho Mel bourne Regatta was placed on the table at tho last committee mooting. It is of a very noat aud pretty design, and should sell readily, " It U l( as unliko as possible tho old established regatta card as it is possible to bo, The novolty ia brought forward by Messrs. A. B, Maudem and Co. : As I anticipated las', week Mr. B. Rolls, senior, -M resigned his position a! tue meeting of tho V.R.A.,:- committee held last .Monday. Rightly onough a i. cordial voto of tln.uk.-i va- unanimously accorded to him. Few men have dono more for rowing and done it more cheerfully than Mr. Rolls. , . .! A wonderful " time" wa3 dono a short whif#, i, ago at Uichfiold Springs, Unitod States, by G, W. , Leo and Charles Courtney in a thrco miles ' ' sculling exhibition. Ilanlatl was askod if lie could row faster than thoso scullers wore said t»-- 1 havo dono on that occasion. Ho said that al- though ho didn't think be could row so fast ha , , could defoat them on that or any othor course. Evidently Hanlau thinks that the time was too fast. Perhaps tho seconds were all right, hut the ' minutes may havo got adrift during tho trial. ' . A paragraph iu an American cxchango ia : beaded a " Reformed Policeman." It states that . . " Dan Leahy, tho ox-champion oarsman of Cali fornia, has loft tho police forco and rcturnod to " ' his honost trade." If the American policemen aro worso than, tho majority of tha professional A scullers, they must run our own forco pretty hard. . - 