THE GAULF1ELO RAGES. The second day of the Cnulfield meeting is set down for to-day, aud given tine weather there is sure to be thu largest attendance that has ever assembled on tlio prettily-situated course. The Caultield Guineas aud Cup have at a bound leaped to tho front ruuk, and share with the Molbuurne Cup and Derby tbe honor of being tho most important ovents of tho year, as far as Victoria is concerned. The Guineas, oil which speculation was most activo for several months past, has been decided ; and to-day the Cup, which in addition to the substantial honorarium of £500, will include a handsome gold trophy, valued at £200, will he run lor. With about the largest entry that lias evor been secured for a handicap in Australia, it was a mutter of cer tainty that a big field would come to tho post, nnd ut the time of writing no less than 32 horses nre left in. This is u stnto of things of which the club may well be prond, especially when it is considered that thoso horses who have made the final payment have answered tho questions put to thorn satisfactorily, and are regarded by their stables as having more than a show. The race is sure to be run ut a strong pace all the way, aud a finish equal to last year, when the three first nearly ran a dead heat, is by no means unlikely. Nearly every horse carries a small fortuno, and the number of "shunters" may he regarded as nil, proof positive that a des perate race must take place. Tho club lias made every arrangement for the convenience of visi tors, and those who patronise the coarse may be i sure of enjoying tho day's outing. Proceedings commence with tho bardie race, and of thoso left in nothing reads bettor than Annie Laurie, who, served by n light weight, will bo moro than dangerous at the finish if sho starts, but failing her, Sportsman, who has wonderfully improved of late, will be very hard to heat. The Nursery Handicap should go to Anagrum, with Duenna and Bis Bis occupying the other situations. For tbe great event of tno meeting, the Oup, so many horses have been backed that an analysis of tho relative chances would only be wearisome ; suffice it to say that we incline to the chances of Darebin, Dougalston aud Ver dure, and if selecting an absolute winner would go for tho son of tbe Peer and Lnrline, who has done a wonderfully good preparation specially for this event, and was never butter in his life. The Findon Harriers' Cup is u very uncertain thiugto touch, and riders may be better worth back ing than horses, buton papertbe top weight looks as well in as anything elsu. The Open Steeplechase is another race that would take a wise or lucky man to pick, but a preference may bo fairly given to Abdalluh, Breechloader and Napoleon. The Windsor Handicap has 22 left in, and the cup running will so materially interfere with tho starting of some of the competitors that nothing should be done till they are at thu post, but Squireen and Tho Ghost look as well as any thing. At the rooms last night there was a very largo attendance, and though nothing sensational was done, tho evening was marked by n consistent support of the favorites, the whole of whom were very firm. Assyrian still holds tho pride of place, and takers of anything over 6 to 1 aro numerous, tlio horse being very firm at that price. Verdure is next in demand, and on tho strength of recent trials in which the Bothnai Green filly is reported to have cleaned out Foulsham's lot, a shade over 8 to I has only to bo offered to be accepted, a strong following supporting tho mare at the price named. Darebin, Dougalston, nnd Gudarz are nominally at 12 to 1, but tbe first named is somewhat weak in tbe market owing to tho fact t hat Higinbolbiim, who has never been on bis back or over tbo Caulfield course, is to ride htm, Littlo Jack, from the St. Albans stable, was brought prominently forward last evening, and starting at hundreds to 4 he rapidly went np to 14 to 1, at which price his name was pencilled several times to win a good stake. An attempt wus mado to introduce Mistaken into tbe betting, and 1CC0 to 30 wns taken three or four times by a supporter of the stable, but nothing came of the demonstration, and any amount of motley was forthcoming at a lato hour at 100 to 3. Gipsy Cooper found friends at 100 to 6, and Baron von Mueller, Santa Claus and Sardonyx wero backed for small sums at 100 to 4; whila Brunette, Flying Jib, Coarecna and Prattle bad montc offered against them at a pointless. The above may he said to include the whole of the business done, and the outside division were absolutely friend less. Trains will icavo the Gippsland station to-day every few minutes from noon till half past one, and tickets may be obtained at tho station, or at Sands and AI'Dougall's. 