ENTERTAINMENTS. THE LILLIPUTIAN OPERA COMPANY. This excellent troupe of juvenile artists made their second appearance at the Academy of Music last evening. There was a well filled house, and the young performers acquitted themselves in a manner that pleased the audience to the highest degree, , As on the previous evening Plaoquette*s opera comique, in three acts, “ Les Cloches de Corneville,*’ or the •* Chimes of Normandy" was pro* duced. Toe opera is a very musical one, and adapted in English by Messrs. Farnie and Reece. Without doubt’ it is .the best evening’s entertainment that has been placed before Ballarat playgoers for many years past, and that is saying a groat deal, as some of. the best companies that have visited the colonies have appeared .before Ballarat audiences. The Lilliputian company numbers 113 youthful performers, and the manner iu which they sustain their various parts would reflect credit on many veterans. With regard to <c Lea Cloches do Carneville," we' may state that the opera had a successful run for many months in New Zealand, and it was only prior engagements in Australia that prevented the company from remaining a considerable period in that country. A sketch of the plot of the opera may be interesting:— The Comte de Lucenay, attainted for political reasons, flies from France, leaving his infant daughttr Lucienne and considerable personal property in the care of a retainer, Qaspard. Tins wily Norman, however, foreseeing that the Comte may never return to claim his own (which indeed happens) brings up the child as his niece, under the name of (Jermaine, and gratifies his insatiable greed for money by hoarding the Comte’s treasure. He has 1 chosen for his coffers the decaying rooms of the old Chateau of Corneville, long since deserted by its lord, attainted of treason like De Lucenay, and an exile from France. Tho gtaudsou of this Marqui de Corneville is, how ever, alive, and the interdict on the estates having been removed by the King, the village gossips believe that one day the long- expected heir will return. Meanwhile the castle has an evil notoriety. It is haunted: mailed spectres stride along its corridors, and ghostly phantoms flit across its lighted windows at night. But iu truth, these are devices of the cunning Qaspard to frighten away all intending tenants of the old chateau. At the opening of the opera a knot of girls are on their way to the hiring fair. Amongst these is Serpo lette, a waif picked up by Qaspard on a bank of wild thyme in one of bis fields, and grown now into Hia servant of all work. She has thrown up hie protection, and seeks a letter place. Germaine eventually joins the band, also flying from Gaspard’s bouse, but from a very different motive. The old miser has promised her hand to the village Bailie, a pompous, meddling old fellow, lately come to bis kingdom, with a strong desire to open the chateau and audit the Barony ac counts- Now Qermaine has betrothed herself to a ne’er-do-weel of the locality, a young fisherman named Grenicbeux, who, as she sup poses saved her from drowning. B :t, in fact, her deliverer was really the long-last heir. —the young Henri, de Corneville, now captain of an armed ship, with a roving com* mission, who a year before had put ashore at Honfleur to re-visit the house of bis fathers. At r tho opening of the drama he again returns —and this time he resolves to take possession of hia ancestral castle. The hiring fair, where he engages servants —amongst others Germaine, Serpolette, and Orenicheux (uow turned coach man), concludes the first part of tho story. The scene changes to the haunted balls of the chateau. The young lord, with his officers and crew, torch and sword in band, break into the deserted rooms, and lay their plans to surprise tho adventurers, whom they suppose to be really the ghosts of the village tradition. Two discoveries bearing directly on tho fortunes of the two heroines, are here made by the Marqui. Firstly, he finds that tho girl he rescued from the sea is the Germaine who has captivated him, but who believes herself bound iu honor to Gre nicbeux. Secondly, he discovers certain docu ments (left by old Qaspard) referring to tho flight of Compte de Lucenay and placing of his infant daughter with the Miser. The-vivacious Serpolette immediately rushes to the conclusion thatsheis the noble ch ild in question, and thence forth gives herself all the imaginary airs of her rank- The arrival of someone is announced by the scouts—Grenicbeus is put into a suit of mail to watch the intruder unseen—and the Marqui and his crew retire to the armoury The old Miser appears—works his phantoms— lights the candelabra—wallows in hia gold— and then comes a swift and awful vengeance. The rusty bells toll—a ghostly ebaunt is heard —then a legion of mailed spectres —all the dead and burled Lords of Corneville—appear and advance on the appalled Miser, who sinks wandering and terror-stricken on his gold. This startling tableau concludes thesecond part of tbe story. The last act is devoted to the unravelling of the mystery attached to Germaine. This is done by patching together the hints dropped in his ravings by old Qaspard—who confirms them ou his return to sanity, aud owns that Germaine is not his niece, but Mdlle. de Lucenay. In the same moment that young lady learns that she is free to give her hand where she loves, fur that to Henri de Corne ville, and not Grenicbeux, she owed her life. Across the serious interest of denouement comes the lighter texture of Ssrpolette’s fortunes. No sooner does she assume the silks and satins of rauk than sho is undeceived, as to her real position, and has again to look forward to sabots and cotton. Over tho betrothal of tbe Marquis and Germaine come, this time gladly, the chimes of Les Cloches de Corneville. Miss Maud Pollard, a young lady with an excellent soprano voice, sustained the character of Henri, Marqui de Corneville, in a style that &uguredwell;/orher[future career as an operatic actress. She exhibited Henri to a nicety, while her vocalism was the meaosof gaining lor her much applause. Jean Grenicbeux was truly represented by Master C. Osmond, aged 13\. Ho displays a good deal of confidence in his acting, and hfe falsetto voice was much admired. Great amusement was created by Master E. Osmond, as the Bailie of Corneville, a red- faced old gentleman, who professed to bs thoroughly versed in legal lore. Miss Amy Brooks played the part of Qobo, clerk of court (the Bailie's factotum), with great accuracy and precision, and her observations created a good deal of merriment. Wo must certainly com pliment Master H. Salinger on hia excellent representation of Gappard, the old miser. Hia make-up was a model of perfection, and the way in which he imitated the facial ex pressions and {movements of the infirm indi vidual could not be surpassed, Germaine, in the bands of Miss Lena Salinger, and Serpo lotte, a foundling, as sustained by Miss May Pollard, are deserving of praiseworthy mention, Tbe many other performers in .the opera possess considerable ability, but is im possible in a newspaper notice to particularise the respective merits of the performers. We think we have said enough, however, to show that the opera company is deserving of sup port from the citizens of Ballarat., ** Les Cloches de Corneville** .will bs repeated this evening. . ~ ' 