T53RF TOPICS ANQ AHTiCiPATiGHS. Bv ASJIODBVS. To gaugo the signs of tho times from a racing i standpoint, Caulfiold iias rung out the old year, and Fiomington will ring in tho now. The exit and- dtbilt could not have been distributed in hotter parts. "While tho season's festivities aro thus at tho highest pitch of activity, followers of the national pastime have much wherewith to on- gago their attention ; and by tho time tho holiday rejoicings aro at an end, and peopio will have re sumed tho oven tenor of their everyday oxistonco, turf goers of all others will have ample occasion to ruminate tho cud of reflection, bittor or palat- ablo may tho samo chanco to bo. In theso days of anxious anticipation, serious meditation and careful deliberation in dealing with future turf events in general, tho heavy programmo disposed of at Caulliold has all along been confidently ex pected to furnish a reliable cuo by which to esti mate somo of tho items embraced in the Y.R.C. manifesto. However favorably tho result of tho Boxing . day proceedings may be applied to tho minor contests awaiting decision at Fiomington, it is quito apparent that the moro important events, such as the Champion and Normanby Stakes, aro but slightly, if at all, influenced thereby ; and in dealing finally with tho prospects of the respec tive candidates for honors in theso influential races, thcro aro no fresh lines available to assist in discovering the probable winner of ono or tho othor. For this reason wo arc loft as exclusively as over to our own resources, to arrivo at what- over conclusions our individual jndguicnt may direct, and leave tho rest to fate. Monday's proceedings at Fiomington will bo ushered in 'by tho Hurdlo Rnco, for which I ex pect to seo tho lite of tho small sticks performers brought out for battlo. Tho issuo will, 1 fancy, remain with Lady Hampden, Basilisk and Dis count. After last Tuesday's performance at Caulticld I feel inclined to plump for . LADY HAMPDEN, who has perhaps m03t to fear from Basilisk. Tho next item demanding attention is - THE NORMANBY STAKES ' Horse anil Colore. W'lgats. ,Jookoy. ,l" . Bt-. 11). " ' Narind (blue, .roil sleeves and 'cap) 0 0 Pigott' 1 St. Lawrence (blue, white cap) ... fO- 0 O'Brien Tripod (black, white sash and cap) 8 10 Power Warwick (brown, blue cap) . . 8 30 Uainsford Statesman (cardinal, whits sleeves, ' cardinal cap) '8 10 Ycoiuans : Mlddlcnmrch (blue, whito sleeves, blue and white cap) .. .. '8 10 Murphy Archlo (blue, white sleeves, black eap> .. ..8 6 Trahan OB Co)or(al) white) 8 6 Moore Littlo Sister (whito, black cap) .. 8 6 St. Albans Diana (all black) 8 6 Hales .'Including 7 lb, penult'. tlncludlng -lib. penalty. The- field, whiclt will be raado up from tho fore, named two- year-olds, is not likely to bo nil im posing one, and I don't expect to seo moro than ,nino or ton candidates face tho starter. Tho charming Narina has arrived Bafoly from Rand- wiok looking tho picture oi health and condition, and despite tho thumper of 0 st. which sho is asked to carry tho black daughtor of Ynttondon displayed such vast superiority over the big field which contested tho Mnrybyrnong Plato that her chances of success aro of tho most encouraging order. St. Lawrouco has on moro than ono oc casion shown himself to bo a colt of sterling merit, and iu him I am inclined to rccogniso Nariua's most dangerous rival. Mr. Fennclly has effected considerable improvomontiuMiddlomaich sinco tho spring meeting at Fiomington, and whon well he is undeniably a groat colt; bnt I am donbt- ful of his ability to finish in front of oithor of tho two first named, between whom I expect to find tho issuo finally reduced. Having mado pretty oxtonsivo allusion to tho remaining candidates for tho Normanby Stakes on a former occasion, suflico it to remark now ibat I am not apppre- henoivo of anything dropping from tho clouds to cause surprise,- and I liavo therefore only to re iterate my previously oxpresscd partiality for ; " NARINA,' whilo tho placo distinctions I shall lcavo to bo fought out by St. Lawrence, .Middiemarth and .Warwick. - ' ' ! WcroTrombtbcus himself I should . look no further in search of tho .winner of tho Yarra- villo Stakes, but as ho has boon cased ii his vvork since, joining tho Bacchus Marsh team ho : may not bo equal to the task assigned him. To go further afield, therefore, i am under tho circumstances inclined to countenance " solitude as tho probable winner, albeit if either Littlo Jack or Anglesey is brought out against her tbo race is far from being a certainty for tho Tcrrara filly, who is likewise engaged in tho Thrcb-Ycar-Oid Handicap, for which event sho may possibly bo reserved. . A very fair field of horses may bo czpected to l'cach tho post for the Midsnmmcr Handi cap, the best treated 1 Ht the weights being Sweet William, Odd Trick, and Mistaken, oiicof which' should furnish, tho absoluto winner. For a straight out winner recommend mo to " SWEET WILLIAM, who may possibly find somo inconvenienco in shaking off tho selected ono of St. Albans. Following the dcoisionof tho principal handi cap event containod in tho programme, tho raco par excellence of tho day will next claim atten tion, and already sufficient is known of tho im pending contest to insure a retention of that popularity which has been associated with former competitions for the annual Championship of tho Australian turf. A fortnight ago I mado a toler ably exhaustive digest of tho candidates, and by way of prefacing my summing up remarks, I now append tho following list of probable starters and jockeys from which will bo mado up tho field for THE CHAMPION STAKES. Horse anil Colors. jYru. jSt. Ib.j Jockey. Darcbiu (blue, red' sleeves .and . cap) .. 4 00 Pigott Commotion (black, whito sash and cap) '.. ' .. .. ..400 Norton Navigator (all black) .. .. 3 7 8 llales Sylvanus (black, whito band on arm) .. 3 7 8 Harnlcy Calma (black, white slcovcs, Bcarlctcap) 3 7 3 O'Brien Mistaken (all white) .. .. 3 7 8 Moore Littlo Jack (white; black cap) . . 3 7 8 St. Albans Scgeuhoe (bluo, whito sleeves, blue and whito cap) .. .. 3 7 8 Murphy Guesswork (tartan, yellow cap) 3 7 8 Cracki.ell Jcssio (black, white sash, black cap) 3 7 5 Ivcroy Although considerable lime has intervened since I first declared myself in favor of Commo tion, nothing has transpired to cause mc to wavor in my previously expressed opinion. I frankly admit thiB to ho a bold position to take up, in faco of tho strong argumentative reasoning which is boing thrown into tho scale on behalf of tho throe-ycnr-old division in general, and in favor of the dnal Derby winner, Navieator, in particular. Ever since tho race for tho thrco miles' Cham pionship was renowed in. 187(1, it is a notablo fact that the three-year-olds havo boon victorious six times out of seven, tho only exception boing iu 1880, whon First King vanquished a weak field of three-year-olds, consisting of Potrca, who conld havo undoubtedly won in tho. absence of her stable companion, Terrific, Fau Bias and Baronet. On tho score of performances it is advanced in favor of Navigator that his chances of success aro even inoro assured than woro thoso of either Richmond, l'rido of tho Hills, First King (on the occasion of his victory as a threo-year-old in 1878), Wellington and Corioianus prior to ono and all contesting tho Championship of thoir rcspcctivo years. Unliko any of tho forenamed, ho goes to tho post with an untarnished threo-year-old es cutcheon. "Why thorefore," argue tho multitu dinous admirers of tho Terrara representative, "should not Navigator follow in the linos of such a firmly established precedent, and, great colt as ho lms proved himself, somewhat easily achieve a triumph?" " Still more is it in his favor," further quoth his particans, "that his mostdangcrousrival is a four-year-old, for it is a notorious fact that no horse of this ago has cvor wonthc long dlstanco raco at Fiomington'." Added to this strong argu ment, tho purport of which is adduced by tho fol lowers of Mr. Do Mestro's colt, no animal can possibly bo doing bettor at tbo present timo; and pn tbo authority of thoso who have boon privi- ledged to do ft bit of privato touting within tho socludcd environs of thoWilliamstown racceourso tho Derby winner is expected to captivato peopio en masse by his wonderfully improved appearance on Monday next. It has furthermore been volun teered by tbo stable that Swoot William at oven weights, is no match for tho son of Robinson Crusoe over three miles of ground, and these assur ances, coupled with tho stato of tho betting baro meter, point to the conclusion that thoso most in terested in Navigator ari! evidently of opinion that all is over bar tho proverbial shouting. There is, however, many a slip 'twixt the cup and tho lip, and tho uncertainty which not unfro- quontly attaches itsolf to predesigned " morals " of tho description alluded to canscs moro than ordinary consideration on tho part of tho more ustuto disciples of public form, particularly when thcro is u performer liko Commotion in tho field. Admitting tho weighty credentials which recom mend Navigator as tho probable winner of tho Champion Stakes, and loth though i am to with draw my allcgianco from a horse who claimed no moro enthusiastic admirer than mysolf up to tho period of iiis last victory, 1 am nevertheless still of tho belief that lie will find a fooman worthy of his Spartan stool in Commotion, who has every thing against him 3avo and oxcopt his own in dividual merit. Iu asking tho son of Panic and Evening Star to successfully silence tho claims of Navigator and tho combined threc-ycnr- old talont of tho season, ho is boing called npon to perform a feat not yot achiovcd by any horso of tho samo ago which has competed in tho present series of Championship contests. Commotion is, in fact, at onco required to complcto a task which such matured weight-carrying colebrities as Gol'lsbrougli, Robinson Crnsoo, Sweetmeat, Wellington, Dagwortb and Melbourne havo each and all failed to accomplish from timo to time. At tho first blush tho job is ono necessitating galloping powere of a Herculean type. Of this Commotion's behavior , on both handicap and woigbt-for-age form tonds to confirm tho possess ion of in an eminent degree— to wit, his victories intnc Yctoran Stakes and Canterbury Plato at tho last V.H.C. mooting. Carrying 9 st. 0 lb. in tbo first named event, and cutting down n big field with tho utmost ease, is an exploit likoly to tako precedence as tho premier handicap . per formance of tho present eoason ; whilo his sensa tional defeat of Darebin on tho last day of the Spring' Mcotiug wiyj' nn equally meritorious triumph. ' Prior to this it will' ho lomomboiod that Darebin mado mincomcat of tbo crcme of tbo wciglitlformfic division in both the Melbqurifo and Royal Park Stakes, which circumstances impart increased lustre to tho performance of Mr. Pearson's horse. Theso dual victories impress mo with tho belief that Commotion is tho best four-yoar-old wc have seen for years; and as thcro is convincing proof of his ability to stay and sur- vivo tho pacoof a Darebin undor Championship weights, I am disinclined, much as I respect Navigator, . to placo myself in antagonism to an animal . of such sterling all rounp accomplishments. In a contest wherein so much is Uependont on tho staying capabilities of the. competitors, -tho Corioianus surprise of last year is suggestive of tho fact that somo respect should bo extended towards the outsido division, moro especially tho three-year-old brigade, which numbers somo promising animals in Calma, So- genhoe, Little Jack, Mistaken, Jcssio, King of tbo Yalo and Sylvarius. I fully expect, however, to find this lot bold perfectly safo by Navigator, Commotion and Darebin, between whom I antici pate seeing the issuo reduced at tho finish. This is tho opinion I. expressed a fortnight ago, and I havo no occasion io doviato therefrom at tho oloventli hour. . Apprehensive that tho distance is a littlo too far for Darebin, it would not sur prise mo to sod Commotion nnil Navigator single j right away from tho field on approaching tho j straight, and engage in a despcrato strngglo for tho remainder of tho journey, tho victory boing hard won, which ever way it may chance to go. In tho event of a strong pace throughout,' I shall - remain true to my first love, COMMOTION, in anticipation of Boeing Navigator close at his heels, and tho majority of tho threo-year-old division decisively boaton by Darebin. Of thoso engaged in tho Three Year Old Handi cap, tho chances of Littlo Jack, Colstoun and Lcsbia appear preferable to any of tho others, .and as COLSTOUN exhibited such good form at Caulfiold on Tues day last, ho may bo tho safest colt to stand by, though tho bast of tho others is bound to trouble him at somo part of tho journey. For tho Criterion Stakes I am inclined to plump in favor of AMELIA VICTORIA, in expectation of seeing her followed homo closely by Littlo Sister and Wahgunyah. Although not productivo of ono of thoso finan cial harvests for which Caulfiold has proved itself such a prolific field nnder tho Bond rirjime, tho Boxing day mooting of tho Victoria Amatour Turf Club was a decided success from a racing point of view, and it redounds to tho credit of tho oHIcials for tho highly successful manner in which thoy carried out a programmo of such unusual magnitude as that so rccontly disposed of. Tho insufficiency of tho railway accommodation materially diminished the attendance, and nono but tho most invctcrato of race goers submitted thorasolvcs to the barbarous modo recently adopted by thcRailway dopartmontof conducting peopio to racecourses, namoly, the unconditional uso of cattle trucks. Visitors to Caulfiold on Tuesday last wcro loud in their complaints against Bent and his Iionchmon, and with good reason, for the crowded condition of the ill kept cattle trucks was such as to givo just, reason for tho murmurings raised on all hands. Onco landed on tho course tho bill of faro was found to bo of such extreme dimensions as to necessitate an early commencement, .and shortly after twelve o'clock tho clork of tho scales busied himself in weighing out tho competitors for tho Soiling Race. Immediately it bccamo known that Tho Ghost was a starter there was a regular rush to got on to 3fr. Wooks's recent purchase, and ho quickly reached oven money and the stablo was apparently forestalled. Mr. Wocke, on find- iugthatbc could not get a prieoabout tho chestnut, threatened to scratch him after being weighed, bnt his good judgment ultimately mastered bis wrath, and thoso who backed Tho Ghost had the satisfaction of seeing him romp homo an easy winner in advance of Kanaka, who ran in tho samo interest. Tho Ghost's porformanc'o was a meritorious one, considering that ho became treated to a very bad start, being almost tho absolute lfist'to got on his logs. Notwithstand ing tho allowances mado to maiden performers in tho Jnvcnilo Stakes, Dncnna found plenty of friends ready to lay a shado of odds on her and tho confidenco thus reposed iu tho constant little daughter of Lecturer was thoroughly justi fied by the result of tho race, tho issuo scarcely ovor boing in doubt. Tbo Hurdlo Raco afforded anothor oxamplo of tbo ofiicioncy of tbo Dow- ling Forest division in this description of con tests ; for Lady Hampden, after a couplo of prior disappointments, mado no mistako this time, and tho numerous followers of Corrigan's mounts fell in for a nice bit of jam, Pilgrim mado tho raco a cracker from slips, an l so ex hausted himself at half tho journey thnt ho fell. After this Lady Hampden always held a good position, and wan with a bit in hand from Dhurringile, who finished gamely under tbo whip. A protest for crossing lodged by, tho rider of tho latter was disallowed by tho stewards, and rightly so, as most peopio thought. Crackncll raado such a brilliant finish on Baron von. Mueller for tho Christmas Handicap that it appeared as if ho had affected a clever victory by a head, but tho verdict was a dead heat ; and althongh odds of G to 4 woro laid on Sir Thomas Elder's horso in tho ran off ho suf fered a comparatively easy defeat. By Bryan O'Lynn's victory in tho Steeplechase tho Ballarat division were enabled to land a well oxocutcd double for tho two jumping ovonts, The winner carried tho trnoDowling Forest polish, and in tho artistic bands oi Corrigan ho was enabled to gain a clover triumph ovor Tho Hawk, : another mout her of tho Ballarat contingont. Bryan O'Lynn, whoisa very plain looking animal, and said tb bo by Panic, was picked up in tho streets of Y7ar- nambool by Corrigan himself, who purchased him for £50. As this . is his introductory appear- anco in public ho has already proved a ; remunerative investment, Araolia Victoria did not betray tho confidenco of thoso who woro in strumental in making hor first favorito for tho Two-Ycar- Old. Selling llace, for sho won quito as sho liked. Transferred was served up warmly ' for tho Malvern Handicap; but his friends ' reckoned without Squireen, on whom Murphy mndo.il grand start, And hover onco left tbo riieo iiidbiibt. ' . " Tho day's racing was torribiy . disastrous to tli8 ring, favorito after favorito winning with such re gularity that tho fielders found themselves some what hardly hit on tho whole. In addition to their monetary losses they had othor grievances to ventilate in tho matter of tho innovation insti tuted on thoir behalf in tho form of tho inner ring. Both tho bookmakers and' the betting public fought shy of tbo now enclosure lrom the first, and after a couplo of races had been decided, tbo laycre or olds broko out in open rebellion, and pliol their calling in tho paddock as of old. This was dono in defiance of official instructions, and as a number of detectives woro employed to tako down tho names of ail tho bookmakers who thus kicked over tho traces, it remains to bo seen what action tho V.A.T.C. executivo will tako in tho matter. As at present constructed tho now letting ring will never answer, bnt I havo no doubt such improvements will bo mado aB to placo tho bookmakers and thoir clients on a mora satisfactory footing. . With tbo exception of tbo inconvenience expe rienced iu travelling to aud fro by means of the filthy cattlo tracks so accommodatingly placed at tho disposal of visitors, tbo trip to Wyndham last Saturday afternoon was productivo of ac ceptable results, and tbo local club was success ful in scoring another happy hit. Of tho fiva items colored on tho card, threo resulted in .highly interesting finishes, aliko complimentary to the efforts of Mr. G. Vowlos, tho handicappor. Lucinda led off tlio orchestra by cleverly npsot ting tbo calculations of thoso who made a hot pob of Buxza for tho Selling Handicap. Notwith standing that tbo victory entailed a ponalty of fj lb. for tho Galloway Handicap, Lucinda found not difficulty In achieving a second triumph. Hen followers, who obtained a fair prico about hoc for tho opening event, were thus afforded a goocf timo of it; and tho .831 "which accrued to th(X club's funds over tho transaction in connection with tbo Selling Handicap was well provided for- Thoso who laid odds on Cavalier against Monitor,' for tho Hurdlo Race, burnt their fingers terribly/ for the grey not only jumped badly in the hand of Corrigan, but ho was likewiso bcaton for pace in tho run homo ; aud the Caulfield horse, who is only a fortnight out of the paddock, won comfort/ ably under tho skilful handling of Batty. Colo/ wort left tho paddock at short odds for the Sum/ mor Handicap, and, cutting out his own running, 1 it looked as if tho monoy was judiciously invested as ho entered tho straight hard held, with a coin mauding advantago over Queen Mary and Petrel Both closed on him whon within tho distance, howovcr, and Queen diary, lasting tho longest o£ tho trio, won an exciting finish. Tho set to be tween Coroena, Zopbyr, Stationer and Colowort, for tbo Flying Handicap, was equally entertain ing, those who accepted tbo short odds about thq former making no mistako, albeit thoy can thanH Cracknoll, on Colcwort, for the considerate man/ nor in which ho drew out to cnablo Coroena t a glido up on tho inside, and gain a victory in thq; last few strides. Thus terminated a very pass/, able afternoon's sport. Thoso who followed my predictions ovor Caul/ field must havo had a rosy timo of it, for in tliesa days of uncertainty and treachery, associated with prognostications on turf events, it i< somo personal satisfaction to know thatj I was successful in anticipating in thesa columns no less then four victories, namely/' thoso achiovcd by Tho Ghost, Duonna, Colstouir,' and Amelia Victoria. I only hopo tho samo good luck may attond my efforts in concoction with the Fiomington meeting. dir. John Eales, of New South Wales, lias re cently had tho misfortune to lose Proctor, foe whom ho gavo 1200 guineas at tho Handwickj Spring drceting. Ho suddenly died whilst at exercise a few days ago. Thoso of our horso owners who intend to dertako tho annual visit to Tasmania aro re minded that tho principal ovents to bo dccidod at loth tho Launccston and Hobart meetings closa on Tuesday next, tho 2nd January. I hopo M seo a bumper nomination list for the island cam- r. vigil . Another "mixed" meeting is announced to ha held at Elstcmwick Park this afternoon. Fox tho Borough Handicap the chosen ono of the' stablo companions Squireen and Drumstick will takwa good deal of boating, whilo for tho Hurdlo Raco Red Rover or Cracksman appear to possess good winning chances. Somo interesting gallops havo taken placo ab Fiomington during tho week. On Tuesday moriY ing Guesswork performed another af his sensa/ tioual spins. Piloted by Cracknoll ho ran tkre< miles in 5 min. 37 sec., with his shoes on. On Thursday morning Commotion ran two miles and( a half in i min. 15 sec., Miss Clifdon, Misi Glorious aud Boatman assisting hiin at varioui portions of tho journey. Ho cleared out tho lot, in turn, aud finished liko a lion. Darebin di(l| not please mo iu tho least, and I don't think ha is nearly tho horso ho was at tho spring meeting;', Ho walked homo very gingerly. Jossic went well, and will, I fancy, beat all thothrco- ycar-olds( excepting Navigator in tho Champion. Narina, performed satisfactorily ovor tho fivo furlong stretch, and is ovidently herself. Warwick ar rived at Fiomington yestorduy. Tho recently announced programmo of tha, Albury Racing Club includes tho following ovents Albury Cup, 150 sovs., with swoop of 2£" sovs. for second horso, ono milo and a half and a. distance ; St. Patrick's Day Handicap, of 70, sovs., with sweep of 2'sovs., ono milo and a quarto# and a distance; Stcoplochaso, of GO, sovs., twa; miles and threo quarters ; Ladios' Mile, of 507 sovs.; Marcs' Produco Stakes, of 50 sovs,i Hurdlo Race, of 10 sovs.; Flying Handicap, ofl 10 sovs., thrco quarters of a milo ; Maiden Plato/, of 30 sovs., ono milo and a quarter and n dis tance ; and sovcral othor events.' It- was rumored yesterday that ' Colstoun wilt . bo acortain starter for tho Champion Stakes. Tho most notablo scratchings up to datofor tha ' New Year's day mooting at Plemiugton aro aa. | follow : Champion' Stakes.: King of tho ValoJ'; Cunnamuila and Boolka. Normanby Stakes j\ Wahgunyah. Hurdlo Raco: Eros aud Rhesus, j 