A STRANGE WORLD. CHAPTER I.—{Continued.) BI THE AUTHOB OP " LADY AUDLEY'S SECRET." They came to a gap in the hedge, which brought them close to the strollers. " Gentlemen, can you enlighten me as to the nearest way to Eborsham!" asked Mr. Elgood, with a grandiose air, which the prolonged exercise of his avocation had made a Becond nature. The elder of the strangers stared at him blankly, with that unseeing gaze of the deep thinker, and went on pulling at his blackened pipe. The younger smiled kindly, and made haste to answer, with a shy eagerness—just a little Btammer in his speech at first—which was not unpleasing. " I really am at a loss to direct you," he said. " We are Btrangers here ourselves—only came to Eborsham last night." " For the races, I opine ?" interrupted Mr. Elgood. "Not exactly for the races," replied the young man, doubtfully. "You came for the races, Jim," said the taller stranger, looking down at his companion as from an altitude of wisdom and experience. " I came to see that you were not fleeced. There are no rogues like the rogues that haunt a racecourse." This with a dark glance at the actor. " He looks the image ot a tout," thought the tall stranger. His fancies had been up aloft in his own particular cloudland when the wayfarers accosted him, and he was slowly coming down to a work-a-day life. Only this instant had he become conscious of the girl's Justina stood in the shadow of her father's bulky figure, making herself as narrow as she possibly could. Her detractors in the theatre found fault with that narrowness of Justine's. She had been disadvantageous^ likened to gas-pipes, May-poles, and other unsubstantial objects, and was considered a mere profile of a girl, an outline sketch, only worth half the salary that might have been given to a plumper damsel. " Good heavens, Elgood !" the manager had exclaimed once, when Justina played a page, "when will your daughter begin to have legs ?" The tall stranger's slow gaze had now descended upon Justina. To that bashful maiden, conscious of her gawkiness, the darkly bright eyes seemed awful as the front of Jove himself. She shrank behind her father, dazzled as if by a Bunburst. There was such power in Maurice Clissold's face. "We came here, anyhow, following the windings of yonder trout-stream," said Clissold, with a backward glance at the valley. " I haven't the faintest notion how we are to get back, except by turning our noses to the cathedral, and then following them, religiously. We can hardly fail to get there, sooner or later, if we are true to our noses." Justina began to laugh, as if it had beer a green-room jokelet, and then checked herself, blushing vehemently. She felt it was taking a liberty to be amused by this tall stranger. " Perhaps time is no object to you, sir ?" said Mr. Elgood. " Not the slightest. I don't think time has ever been any object to me except when I was gated at Oxford," replied Clissold. " To me, sir, it is vital. If I do not reach yon city before the clock strikes seven, the prospects of a struggling commonwealth are blighted." "Father," remonstrated the girl, plucking his sleeve, " what do these gentlemen know about commonwealths ?" " I have Btudied the subject but superficially in the pages of our friend Cicero," said CliBSold, lightly. " Modern scholars call him Kikero, but your elder erudition might hardly accept the Kappa." " The commonwealth to which I allude, sir, is a company of actors, now performing on their own hook at the Theatre Royal, Eborsham. If I am not on the Btage before eight o'clock to-night our chances in that town are gone. The provincial public, having paid its shillings and sixpences, will not brook disappointment. You will hardly credit the fact, perhaps, sir, bnt there are seven places taken m the dress-circle, paid in advance, sir, further secured by a donation to the box-keeper, for this evening's performance. Conceive the feelings of those seven dress-circles, sir, if Matthew Elgood is conspicuous by his absence !" " That must not be, sir," returned Maurice Clissold, gravely. "Pedestrian wanderings have somewhat developed my organ of locality ; and if you like to trust yourself to my guidance I will do my best to navigate you in the deaired direction. Is that young lady also required by the British public ?" "Yes," responded Elgood, indifferently, " She's in the first piece. But we might send a ballet-girl on for her part—if," as an afterthought, " we had any ballet." " The numerical strength of your commonwealth, is limited, I infer from your remark," observed Clissold, as the stroller and his daughter stepped through the gap in the hedge, and joined those other strollers in the lane. "Well, sir,—'lead on, I follow thee'—when a manager puts it to his company roundly that he must either make it a commonwealth or shut up shop altogether, the little people are generally the first to fall away." "The little people!" " Yes, sir, second walking gentleman, ditto lady, second chambermaid, general utility; second old man, proverbially duffing, and bal- let. The little people lack that confidence in their own genius which sustains a man under the fluctuations of a commonwealth. They want the afflatus, and when the ghost walks not " " The gbOBt 1" "In vulgar English—when there is no treasury, no reliable weekly stipend, the little people collapse. The second walking lady and chambermaid go home to their mothers ; the second old man opens a sweetstuff shop. They fade and evanish from a profession they did nothing to adorn." "What is a commonwealth ?" asked the younger gentleman, interested by this glimpse of a strange world. In a theatrical sense," added Clissold. " A theatrical commonwealth is a body without a head. There is no responsible lessee. The weekly funds are divided into BO many shares, each share representing half a sovereign. The actor whose nominal salary is two pound ten takes five shares. The actor whose ordinary pay is fifteen shillings claims but a share and a half, and has his claim allowed. I have known the shares rise to fourteen and ninepence halfpenny ; I have seen them dwindle to one and sevenpence." " Thanks for the explanation. Does prosperity attend you in Eborsham ?" " Sir, our receipts heretofore have been but middling. Our anchor of hope is the Spring Meeting, which begins, as you are doubtless aware, to-morrow." "Do you remain here long?" asked Mr. Penwyn, the younger pedestrian. "A fortnight at most. Our next engagement is Duffield, thence we proceed to Humberston, then Slingerford, after which we separate to seek 'fresh woods and pastures new.'" Mr. Penwyn looked at th e vagabond wonderingly. The man spoke so lightly of his fortuitous life. James Penwyn of Penwyn Manor, Cornwall, had been brought up like the Danish princess who discovered the presence ot a pea under seven feather beds and seven mattresses. He had never been inconvenienced in his life ; and this encounter with a fellow-creature, who anatomically resembled himself, and yet belonged to a world so wide apart from his world, at once interested and amused him. He pitied the stroller with a serio-comic pity, as he might have compassionated an octopus in an uncomfortable position. Perhaps there was never in thiB world a better natured youth than this James Penwyn. He had not the knack of sending his thoughts far afield, never lost himself in a tangle of speculative fancies, like his dark-eyed, widebrowed friend and master, Maurice Clissold, but within its somewhat narrow limit his mind was clear as a crystal sLreamlet. His first thought in every relation of life was to do a kindness. He was a man whom sponges of every order, and college scouts, and cabmen, and tavern waiters adore; and for whom the wise and prudent apprehend a youth of waste and riot, and an after-life of ruin. " I'll tell you what," said he with a friendly air. " We'll go to the theatre to-night and see you act—and the young lady," with a critical glance at Justina, who walked close beside her father, and did her best to extinguish herself in the shadow of Mr. Elgood's bulky form. It was as much as James Penwyn could to get a glimpse of the girl's face, which had a pale, tired look just now. " Humph ?" thought James, " fine eyes ; but not particularly pretty,—rather a washed out look." " Sir," said Mr. Elgood, " you will confer at once honour and substantial benefit upon us poor players. And if you like to take a peep at life behind the scenes, my position in the theatre warrants my admitting you to that esoteric region." " I should like it of all things, and we can sup together afterwards. They've a decent cook at the inn where my friend and I are staying, though its only a roadside tavern. You know it, perhaps—the ' Waterfowl,' half a mile out of the town. It's my friend's fancy that we should stop there." " It's your friend's necessity that he should avoid costly hotels," said Maurice lightly. They hud crossed a couple of meadows, where young lambs scuttled off at the sight of them, bleating vehemently, and now came to a green lane, a grassy gully between two tall hedges, where the earliest ol the dog-roses were budding, creamy white, amidst tender green leaves. Mr. Penwyn took advantage of the chance to slip behind Mr. Elgood and place himself beside Justina. Mauricelooked afterhim darkly. A too general worship of the fair sex was one of JameB Penwyn's foibles. No, decidedly she was not pretty, thought James, after a closer inspection of the pale young face, with its somewhat pensive mouth and dark blue eyes. She blushed a little as he looked at her, and the delicate rose tint became the oval cheek. All the lines of her face were too sharp, for want of that filling out and rounding of angles which is the ripening of beauty. She was like a pale greenish-hued peach on a wall in early June, to which July and August will bring roundness, velvety texture, and richest bloom. " I hope you are not very tired," said James gently. " Not very," answered Justina, with an unvoluntary sigh. "We had a long rehearsal this morning." " Yes, there always must be long rehearsals while there are stupid people in a theatre," interjected Mr. Elgood with a sharpness which made the remark sound personal. " We are getting up a burlesque for the race nights, gentlemen," continued the actor,'— '"Faust and Marguerite'—-the last popular thing in London, and my daughter knows as much about burlesque business as an eatinghouse waiter knows of a holiday." " Are you fond of acting ?" asked James, confidentially, ignoring Mr. Elgood's remarks. " I hate it," answered Justina, less shyly than she had spoken before. There was something friendly in the young man's voice and manner which invited confidence ; and then be wassopleasant to look at, with bis small clearlycut features, light auburn moustache, crisp auburn hair cut close to the well shaped head, garments of rough grey tweed, which looked more distinguished than any clothes Justina had ever seen before ; thick cable chain and pendent locket—a large, dull gold locket, with a Gothic monogram in black enamel—tawny gloves upon the small hands,—altogether a very different person from the tall man in the shabby shooting coat, leather gaiters, and bulky boots, who walked on the other side of Mr. Elgood. Justina was young enough to be impressed by externals. " Hate it 1" exclaimed Mr. Penwyn j " I thought actresses always adored the stage, and looked forward to acquiring the fame of an O'Neil or a Faucit." " Do they ?" said Justina ; " those I know are like horses in a mill, and go the same round year alter year. When I think that I may have to lead that kind ot life till I die of old age, I almost feel that I Bhould like to drown myself, if it wasn't wicked ; bat then I haven't any talent. I suppose it would all seem different if I were clever." " Aren't you clever ?" asked James, smiling at her simplicity. Although not absolutely pretty she was far from uupleasing. He was amused—interested even. But then he was always ready to inteiest himself in any tolerably attractive young woman. Maurice Clissold fell away from the actor, and walked beside his friend, overlooking James and Justina from his superior height. There was plenty of space in the wide green lane for four to walk abreast. " No," said JuBtina, confidentially, not wishing her father to hear ungrateful murmurs against the art he respected, " I believe I'm very stupid. If there is a point to be made I generally miss it—speak too fast, or too slow, or drop my voice at the end of a speech, or raise it too soon. Even in Francois I didn't get a round the other night. You know Francois ?" • " Haven't the honor oi his acquaintance." '•The page in 'Richelieu/ He has a grand speech. One is bound to get a tremendous round of applause ; but somehow I missed it. Father said he should like to have boxed my ears." He didn't do it, I hope." " No, but it was almost as bad. He said it before everybody in the green-room." " I understand—like a fellow Baying something unpleasant of one at one's club." They came to the end of the green lane at last. It opened upon a level sweep of land, across which they saw the city, all its roofs and walls steeped in the western sunlight. The ground was marshy, and between low rushgrown banks gently flowed the Ebor, a narrow river that wound its sinuous course around the outskirts of Eborsham, without enteriug the city. "I have not led you astray, you see, sir," said Maurice ; " behold the cathedral. Yonder path by the water's edge will bring us to the lower end of the town." " We have to thank you for extrication from a difficulty, sir," repUed Mr. Elgood, with dignity. " You have brought us a shorter way than that which my daughter and I traversed when we came out this afternoon." They followed the river path—a tow-path along which slow, clumsy horses were wont to drag the lingering chain of a heavily-laden barge. The dark green rushes shivered in the west wind—the slow river was gently rippled —the city had a look of unspeakable stillness —like a city in a picture. Halfway alongthetow-path they encountered 60me stragglers—a man laden with oakum mats, who walked wide of his companions on the marehy ground outside the path—a boy running here and there at random, chasing the small yellow butterflies, and shouting at them in the ardour of the cha6e—an elderly woman of the gipsy race, carrying a string of light fancy baskets across her shoulder. " That's the worst of a race meeting," said James Penwyn, with reference to those nomads. " It brings together such a lot of rabble." One of the rabble stopped and blocked his pathway. It was the elderly gipsy woman. " Let me tell you your fortune," my pretty gentleman," she said, pouncing on Mr. Penwyn as if she had discovered his superior wealth at glance. "Cross the poor gipsy's hand with a bit of silver—half a crown won't hurt you my pretty gentleman. You've riches in your face—you've never known what it is to want a sovereign, and never will. The world was made for such as you." " Avaunt, harridan I" cried the tragedian, " and suffer us to proceed." "What, you'd like to spoil my market, would you !" cried the sibyl, vindictively. " No one was ever a penny the richer for your generosity, and no one will be the worse off when you're dead and gone, except vourself. Let me tell your fortune,pretty gentleman "she went on, laying a persuasive hand on James Penwyn's grey sleeve, aud keeping up with the pedestrians as they strove to pass her. "There's plenty of pleasant things the old gipsy woman can tell you. You're a gentleman that likes a pretty blue eye, and there's an eye that looks kindly upon you now, and though there's crosses for true lovers, all will come out happv in the end, if you listen to the old gipsy." , : James laughed, and flung the prophetess a florin. "Show me your hand, kind gentleman, she urged, after a string of thanks and benedictions, "your left hand. Yes, there's the mount of Venus, and not an ugly line across it, and you've a longthumb, my pretty gentleman, long between the first joint and the second— that meanB strength of will, for the thumb is Jupiter, and rules the house of life. Don't take your hand away, pretty gentleman. Let's see the line " " What 1 s the matter, mother 1" asked James, ss the woman stopped in the middle of a sentence, still holding his hand and staring at the palm intently. "What's that? 1 ' she asked, pointing to a short indented line. " Why, what keen eyes you have, old lady! Thafs the mark of a hole I dag in my palm two years ago, cutting a tough bit of cavendish. My scout told me I was bound to have ln:.kja\v, but I didn't realize his expectations. I suppose lockjaw doesn't run in our family." "Right across the line of life," muttered the gipsy, still examining the seam left by the knife upon the pinkish, womanish palm. " Does that mean anything bad—that I am to die young, for instance ?" "The scar of a knife can't overrule the planets," replied the sibyl, sententiously. (To 