BREVIA. Geelong is to have a new police court. The Campaspe is dry for a long distance, An artillery corps la to be at once organised. Terrific dust-storm at Sydney on Wednes- day. Mr Murray Smith left for England yester day. *’ The Health Society in Melbourne in flourish ing-:....- , . , ■ ", More cattle killed through eating poisoned wheat There are now only four candidates for Geelong. ■•■'■■■■ ■■ The boilers of the Cerberus are being rapidly repaired. The Maffra cattle sales ■ are growing in im portance, Typhoid fever on board the E.M.3. Indus at Albany. ' .• , . There is a Natives’ Democratic Association in Geelong. There is another suspected case of leprosy at Sandhurst. ; ■ Navigation of the Richmond river blocked by a sand bar. , The light at Cape Nelson will be 250 feet above sealevel. The present time may be truly calledthe period of boards.” Ibis intended to spend £7OOO upon a new station at Windsor. Mr C. E. Junes is going-to address the electors of Geelong. : - The name Wangaratta is said to mean the meeting of the rivers. . Detective Forster is to bo removed from Stawell to Melbourne. Wo ate wasting and destroying a noble pat rimony in out forests. \- Sheep being substituted for cattle through out New.South Wales.. Mr T. Cope, at. one time member for Port land! is dangerously ill. The River Murray is crossable at Albury at the depth of 12 inches. . The people of Queenscliff-are getting water from the railway tanks. Mr Lloyd has been chosen as the Liberal candidate. for Geelong. Bishop Moorhouse’a- views on prayer con demned very strongly. ' One firm in Sydney is expending £160,000 in new business premises. Judge Hackelt resigned. Mr Lawes named as the probable successor. Mr C. E. Jones’ lectures have been very poorly attended in Geelong. The Advertiser says that Geelong has shaken off the trammels of Mr Berry. Mr Archibald Forbes may be expected to arrive here about the Bth May. £799 wore collected in Victoria last year for tbo London Missionary Society. The candidate chosen by the Liberal leagues of Geelong is a retired squatter. It is not true that Asiatic cholera has broken out in Western Australia. The Observatory report says that there will be more or less rain. No doubt, about it. The people of Camperdown want a stone station instead of a wooden one as proposed. Arsenicated chaff is said to be the most destructive of all things yet tried, to rabbits. The finest crops over grown there have been harvested at Crossley, in the Western District. Another of the persons injured in (he Joli mont accident has begun an action for £B5OO. A ball in honour of the Marquis of Nor manby is to take place at Brisbane on the sth prox. Colonel Crossman is reporting to the Im perial Government on the defences of the colonies. A half-sovereign put in a church plate at Sale was not to be found when the money was counted. There are said to be a great deal too many stimulants given to patients in the Melbourne Hospital. Thousands of sheep and cattle are perishing between Wangaratta and the Murray for want of water. Don’t judge a man by the silk umbrella he carries; he may just have left an alpaca one in its place. A man baa been nearly killed by drinking poisoned water placed for dingoes near Charlton. The Advertiser says that Mr Berry would have to work hard to save himself from defeat at Geelong. A young man named Herbertaon was killed by the falling of a tree near Daylesford on Wednesday. The Ministry feels justified in going on with defensive preparations without the sanction of Parliament, A visitor from Melbourne was mistaken for Bryant at Sandhurst, and became at once the centre of a crowd. Special reporter of the Kyneton Guardian says that there is any quantity of timber wasted in the forest. The use of marl in the Connewarre district has made land only worth £l|per acre formerly, now worth £2O an acre. The Argus says—“ The inferior character of the milk dispensed by many of the Melbourne dairymen is well known.” Bath the Catholic and Protestant burial ser vices were read over the body of a woman recently buried at Portland, The Portland Guardian gives a long descrip tion of the lighthouse for Cape Nelson, for which tenders have been called. The grape crop (says the Mount Alexander Mail), which is being cut for wine-making, is somewhat scant, but of good quality. In 1830 England alone consumed more than one million tons of Bessemer steal in ingots, and three-quarters of a million in rails. A Chinese who was robbing sluice-boxes at Daylesford, was shot in the head by an Italian who was on the watch on Tuesday night. The Cluncs Guardian says it is astonishing that same public men should still pretend to believe in the existence of a Liberal party. Toe finding of the board to enquire iutu the case of Sergeant Steele is held to seriously injure the value of the report of the Police Commission. The V.A.T.C. cleared £330 on last Satur day's meeting, and £2200 on the six meetings held since June. New improvements to be at once entered upon. Lord Lytlon says:—“The Government of England must keep the approaches to India free from the disturbing influence of any other great European power.” A party of 56 escapees from New Caledonia, who landed upon one of the islands near New Guinea, were captured, and killed at the rate of about eight each day. The man who can invent a practicable potato digging apparatus, suitable to the requirements of the Wartnambool district, might make bis fortune. In returning thanks for the Assembly at the farewell dinner given to Mr Murray Smith, Mr Gillies made some remarks on the value of social influence in politics. Toots thinks that there should be four ghosts in the play of “Hamlet,” quoting in support of his theory a lino from Grey’s Elegy, “ The rude four fathers of the Hamlet sleep.” In the consideration of Sergeant Steele’s case the Government might well (says the Mail) take into account the inju-tice of the treatment to which ha has been subjected. Mr Henry Bryant claims to be able to “speak, write, and read French, Spanish, Italian, Russian, Turkish, Dutch, Malay, Indostanee, and to understand pretty well German.” Wo (Geelong Advertiser) say, deliberately, that we will support no man’s' candidature in this election simply because he declares for this or that leading politician, or party, in Parliament. At Jerilderie, N.S.W., the want of wafer is being severely felt. Several wells are sunk daily, but tho water obtained is not sufiicient for drinking purposes. The precious fluid coats 8a per cask. The Bendigo Advertiser takes credit that the liluess of Lougfellow was the cause of much more serious discussion among the townspeople than had one of the crowned beads of Europe been m articulo mortis. According to tho World, every day men and women are convicted and sentenced without there being a single little of evidence of the commission of any offence, beyond tho mere suspicion of a policeman. The East Charlton Tribune, a newspaper published in the water famine district, hears on good authority that on Monday last a number of selectors pulled down tho fences on Mr M. Shanahan’s station, Marnoo, in order to gain access to the water. The Mail says:-” The three phases of the Russian mystery hoax. First what we stated was true; second, it not true it was extremely probable; third, we never stated anything of the kind at all. The Age now thinks the sub ject may be dismissed with advantage.” A young widow has married again. An old friend of the family reproaches her discreetly— -1 am sure, my dear,” he says, gently, “ that you have not chosen as you might have done. Had your poor husband, been alive bo would never have let you make such a match.” The Samilton Spectator says:—” Jf anv onn w-f thft “ l anotller could be held to testify to the complete break-up of tho Radical party, we take it that the recent demonstration by Mr Graham Berry atGee eSfEnl ii!' ? om “ 6nt , a o£ tbe A at thereupon, constitute that particular sign of the timet. 