An Old Farmer's Ghost Story. BY HIMSELF. I am an old farmer, living in the oldest house in Oldtown.. .The trees about the place are the trees of the primeval forest. I have , plenty of farming, land beyond their delightful shade, and the only thing, ne&upon; the place is my well. We Lave an ancient well with the old fashionQd-«weep,'but no one ever tastes - the jvater there, though it is as cold and pure as crystal. X suppose the place is worth a great deal. Jt was valued at fifteen thou sand dollars -when I bought it, years ago. ^ The house is a handsome, mansion j the sort of a place a gentle man retiring from business usually buys to end his days in, and city people come to see it and the grounds, and seem to be delighted. Now, when I tell you j that I came into Oldtown with exactly six hundred dollars in my pocket, that I had no idea what I should do when that was spent, you willfecl sur prised that, six months after, I owned this place. But I'll tell you all ajbout it. It was what folks call a haunted place, and for ten years it had stood vacaut. People tried to live there, but were always frightened away. If it had been pnly the house, that could fhave beeh torn down; but no body could even farm the land on shares. Twelve years before this, the pro prietor had been a jealous old gentle man, who had a young wife whom he would never permit out of his sight, if he could avoid it. However, she was as sly as he was watchful, and she managed to flirt sufficiently to make herself talked about. Being very pretty, she set one or two young fellows wild about her, and ooe used to follow her around, making great eyes and sighing desperately like a lover in a play. The post-mistresB said that he wrote to her, and I suppose he did. At last the news spread through the place that she had run away with him. He was gone, and she was gone; and the old man came one morning to Lawyer Tantivity, and sold fafe property ] at a great loss to a man who had wanted it for years-a rich man, who liked to J have it said that he owned the finest place in Oldtown. It was plain that the poor old gentle man did not care what became of him, and when he had got the money he wanderrd away, and was never s»en again. The new proprietor moved up to the great house in state, but at dawn the whole family --servants and all returned to their old quarters. What they had seen, or what they had not seen, it was hard to tell, but they were all nearly frightened to death. The doctor was sent to for the ladies, and they spoke of the most awful ap paritions. j After this the head of the family and the constable spent a day and night I there. They held their tongues but I those who saw them first knew they had been well frightened, and the man put the place into the market at once. Lawyer Tantivity privately-told peo ple that only a coward would have been frightened by rats in an old wall, and he sold it to a city man. Much the j same thing happened; but this time the house was not sold again. The city man went elsewhere, and tried in vain ! to get rid of his bargain. It was let! for the summer once, but the people did not stay a week. After a while nobody would farm the ground. Some said they saw a woman with her throat cut. Some that ihey saw a man with a wound in his breast. Some both. Voices were heard ; hands were felt; and there, when I came to the place the old house stood, with moths andspidera for its only tenants. I went up and looked at it, and then I talked to Jane. She had not a bit of superstition in her, and Afte fegreed to < what I proposed. .. | ^ I went to old Tantivity and offered ! him a hundred a year for a five years' lease of the place. The five hundred to be paid in one lump. " After that," said I, " Fll give you two thousand for the property. Wife and I are not afraid of ghosts." The old lawyer shook his head. "You say youVe met with losses, friend, said he, " and have Just six hundred dollars left I Keep it. You eouldn't live in that house one week. I've tried it. I'd make a bargaiq with a rich man, but I'm not rascal enough to filch a poor man's all." " I'll risk it" said L " I do it freely, but the papers must be made out fair and square-two thousand after npiy five years' lease." And so I had my way. Jane and I went up to the house one day j JL had ninety dollars in my pocket and a wheelbarrow full of groceries. MShe carried a broom and a new scrubbing brush. It was a wonderful jh-abd, dirty old place. We set -ty wox to , clean it-to <lrive out the iusects aftd the rats; and vregot some fresh straw to, sleep on, for thebedswereall mouHerii^a*ay. we lay down with the lamp' imraing, arid went to sleep like two itops; -ami I think' it miisfe liave been twelve o'clock, or jfti^h ;to>it7 when JanWsjhook me violeutlyi I" started up, and holding ' each others hands wB*bqth saw -what (frightened her. . . '?>. .;j I IA man stood near die bed,a young | I nmn, with fairhair ciuling about his j I templesj. hisi>i^i. whs bare* and we J saw a' great ifleedmg wound there. ..i, [ had my pistolunder iriy pillow, arid I j I drew it out ani^ioofeed at liim. , I "Go or I five," I said; I'm not a fool to be tricked inthis way." . Instead of obeying he slowly moved j towards the *;becL . Janc shrieked and drew the counterpane over I her bead. I covered birii with my I pistol. ? "One step more and I fire, I I 8 He took the step. I fired. A shriek I of laughter followed, and there was Ho J one there. I arose and searched the j place. Every window was barred,, j every iioor locked. I unlocked _one of j the doors and entered the adjoining ] room. A great bed, with tester-and | canopy, stood there, and upon Ibis lay I the figure of a Woman, all in white, ] covered in blood. I: rushed towards it (lamp in hand. Again those hollowi j shrieks of laughter, and nothing I but the stained and yellow ticking1 j of an ol I feather bed lay under the canopy. . 1 , "rSUasl Silas i" screamed niy wife, j who had followed me, clinging to my I arm. " It-is- all true. Let us leave. I the place." I " Jane," said I, " it seems to be true J that this 4»lace is. haunted, but we have j risked our all on it. The things we I bave seen havfc not burt us, and I pro [ posetodrive them away. I'll take you to the village, if you like, and leave you j there to beard, but here I stay until I 1 beat these ghosts." j " Not alone," said Jane; and she did I not leave m& . 1 If you . believe me, stranger, day j and night for three weeks we were haunted aspeople never were before j faces, voices, hands-in the house or Jin the field; and worse than all, we I grew sick. j I I sent for the doctor, who wouldn't I come, and we went to him. I " You are poisoned," he said. " What have yon eaten, or what have you been drinking i" I We thought it over, .and -I told him that we cooked and prepared all our own food. I " I never knew any one' to pass a I day at that confounded house you live I in without being affected in this way, I he, " even those who did not eat j there. Constable Collins says he J touched nothing but water, and he J came near dying !" I " It's the well, then," said I. ] "They used to call it the best J well in the country, said the doctor. I u It's has a nasty taste now," said I. {"I'll beg of my neighbors until I've I cleaned it out." I And that day I began. We got j better slowly, and I tried to hire two farm-hands to help me with my well. I Not one would be hirgd. I was weak j from sickness, and, tojtell the truth, it I seemed -as if the old boy himself was in I the place. I was almost tiredof beftav I ing as I did, and feeling like a maniac ; I and one day I went down to the well, I and sat there, wondering whether it might not be best to give up and go I somewhere as farm laborer, when I felt I what seemed to be an icy hand on my head, and looking up, saw my two I ghosts side by side. They were hor | rible enough, I can tell yon, and they I looked at me and pointed into the well; and tlen I heard two voices cry ing: I " Get ns out; Get us out ? Get us j out arid bury us 1 The water is cold, I an l our wounds are deep. Get us out!"'. I And then the truth came to me, j Heaven knows bow. j I went over to my neighbor's house, I just able to crawl there, and I said to I bim : I " Mr. Jarvis, will yon send one of 1 your men to the people "they ought to J go to, and bave the police-sent up to my 1 placed There's something in my well I that ought i.ot to be there." J Well, they came, and I was right. I They took out. of.-that well two bodies ? rolled up in sheet lead. By-bits of ] jewellery and things of that sort, they I found out that they, were the ^bodies of 1 the young wife of the proprietor and 1 the young man who used to run- after i her. The old man had killed them {both, but he. must.have had help to I bury them in their leaden coffins. And Jnow people began to remember bow* ] two roofers, who . had a good .deal of this j sheet lead oniiand, grew, suddenly well ] off, and-went from-the place about the I time the old man ;sold the estate, and j they believed thai he had paid Aliem j for helping him dispose of the bodies. They buried them in the graveyard, I and Jane and I never, saw the ghosts j again. The farm laud and summer | boarders brought me the price I had J agreed upon for the place, and I've. I been a prosperous man ever since. I And if you want amy one to tell you a {good, genuine ghost story, come, to me. 