MELBOURNE SPORTING NEWS. [By Telegraph. J [From our Special Reporter.! Melbourne. Thursday. October 26. The Melbourne Cup this year has attained its majority, and at no period of the twenty one successive years that have marked its existence since the big trophy was first carried off by Mr. De Mestre'a Archer in 1861, bias more uncertainty prevailed in the minds of backers as to the probable winner than in the present year of grace, 1882\. In 1861 there were 57 entries, 45 acceptances, and IS runners at the post; this year there were 12S entries, 33 remain in, and less than 25 will faca the starter, and perhaps ten less than the largest j number, 33. At present the probable list of starters and their jockeys stan--is as follows : — Darebin, 4 yrs., 9 st. 9 lbs. (Power); Lord Burleigh, aged, S st. 12 lbs. (Pigotc); Sa vanaka, aged, 8 st. 9 lbs. (Batty) ; First Water, 6 yr-., 8 at. 6 lbs.; Cannamuiia, 4 yrs., B st. 2 lbs. (Yeomans) ; The Drummer, 4 yrs., S sfc. i 1 lb.; Polho, 6 yrs., 7 st. 13 lbs. (Kilby); Segenhoe, 3 yrs., 7 st. 12 lbs. (Murphy); Sweet William, 4 yrs., 7 st. 11 lbs. (CoUey) ; The Assyrian, 5 yrs., 7 st. 2 lbs.; Sting, 4 yrs., 7 st. 10 lbs. (O'Brien) ; Navigator, 3 yrs., 7 st 9 lbs. (Norton) ; Gudarz, 4 yrs., 7 st. 7 lbs. ; Santa Claus, 4 yra., 7 st. 7 lbs. (lvemv) : Lord Lisgar, 4 yrs., 7 st. 7 lbs. (Thoniafa); Odd Trick, aged, 7 st. 7 lbs. (Thornton) ; Jessie, 3 yrs., 7 st. 6 lbs. (Gains forth) ; fetockwen, 4 yrs., 7 St. 5 lbs. (Kiley) ; lioolka, 3 jts., 7 st. '2 ib3. (Burton) ; Gaesa woi-k, 3 yrs., 7 at. 2 lbs. (Kawlings) ; Sylvanus, o yrs., 6 st. 13 lbs., (Haley) ; .Prometheus, 3 jw., 6 st. 10 lbs., (GraekneU) ; Little Jack, 3 yrs., C st. 8 lbs. (Moore) ; Fiying Jib, 4 yrs., « st. 6 lbs. (Walker) ; Mistaken, 3 yrs., C st. 0 lbs., (St. Albans) ; Anglesey, 3 yra., 0 sc. 5 lbs. (Boa.se) ; King of the Vale, 3 yrs. , osk 4 Ib3. (Jones) ; Standard Bearer, S yrs., 0 st. 4 lbi. (Quinn) ; Behnont, 3 yrs., 6 st. 3t ibs. (Barr) ; fcsaex, 3 yrs., 6 st. 2 lbs. (Walker) ; Brunette, 3yrs. 6st.21bs. (Gough) ; Caliua,3yra.,6 st lib. (Nicholson); The Queen, 4 yrs., (ist. (Barr.) Ot these several must retire, because only one or two representives will be sent from stables that now have four on the list. To deal first with the South Australians, I find that Savanaka is the best of SavilFs lot. He has btaten First Water and The Assyrian at the weight, and the hope of the stable, Irrometheus, has succumbed at the eleventh, hour to a severe cold. Although he has been ? backed by his owner and friends, Prometheus ! has not the ghost of a chance as he ia now ' {suffering badly from nasal catarrh, and a j severe gallop might choke him. This mis- j fortune is deeply to be regretted, because] he ! was universally regarded by racing men here i as the best three- year-old in the Cup, and ! such good judges as Sam Martin and others j had quietly backed him to win them a tiiou- i snnd ortwo before his owner arrived and pat ! a commission in market Mr. Rounsevell is I sorely disappointed, ,as the colt's Derby chance | as well as his Cup prospects have vanished. Whether Savanaka will be able to carry his ' S st. 9 lbs. to the front is doubtful in such a i field, and South Australia must not expect j the winner to come from Savill's stable. Al- | together Mr. John Crozier has pluckily I backed the grey to pull off the big event. ! Unless Standard Bearer proves to be a . greater colt than was ever imagined he can- , not be expected to do the deed, and the only ' South Australian to rely upon is the son of GsDg Forward, the speedy Guesswork. He is as fit and well to-day as hands can make him, and should he win the Derby, must have a big aay in the Cup, even if he runs a good second to Navigator. The latter may not be able to concede him the difference of weight in the Cup. In the Cup, Guesswork will carry 7 lbs. more than Little Jack, now firjt favorite, and 8 lbs. less than Sting or Sveet William, who are next in demand. It is known that Guesswork can stay two miles, and his brilliancy is unquestioned. It is oaly -surmised that Little Jack can do the dis tance, because he was not the Cup horse of the stable until he had won at Caunield, and it is quite possible he will be displaced by another St Albans' favorite before the day. The reported sale of Sting, although since denied, has made bis chance seera doubtful, because the books stand a* badly against him. It is thought Syl vanus can beat both Sting and Street William. Cunnamulla has not pleased bis friends during the past daya. The Drummer was going spleuditiiy until he injured ilia foot, from which he is fast recovering, as ha did a sweating gallop to-day. Pollio may have a say in it, alao Santa Claus, Lor* Lisgar, Jessie, Stockwell, Mistaken, King of the vaJe, Belmont and Essex, who are aH Going \»elL At the present time of writing, en Thursday evening, i sec no reason why I should not select our South Australian Guess work as the most likely winner of the Ca-» if he starts fit and well. At the post his most powerful opponents may be The Drummer, DeMestrc's best, and Little Jack. I con sider Sting to be unreliable, although oa public running he should be the best horse is the race. Jessie, King of the Vale, and Stockwell are good outsiders. Little Jack may be superseded in the betting by Belmont or Essex, should the wily St Albans people make amove in the market The latest list of starters for the Derby u Segenhoe (Murphy), Navigator (T. Hales}, Fryingpan (Power), Guesswork (Rawling*), Prometheus (Batty), Boolka (Carey), Calm* (M. O'Brien), King of the Vale (J. Lang), Ironmaster (Yeomans), Mistaken (St Albaas), Transferred (J. King), Standard Bearer (Cracknell), Saionara (Gainsford), Belmont, Anglesey (Ivemy), Aide-de- Camp (Riley), Solitude (Colley). No doubt Prometheus will be scratched. It is needless to estimate tbe chance of these, as I believe that should Guesswork and Navigator get dear away from the others it will be a match between, them ; and seeing the easy manner in which Guesswork won the Dei by at Morphettville and the good fettle he is now in he may ems late the deeds of Grand Flaneur and carry off the double. Navigator, however, Seems a. more reliable if not so brilliant a performer, and should take a lot of beating. There is a rumor that Solitude will bs brought out to save Navigator's chance, and that the filly is both well and dangerous. Boolka and Fryingpan deserve respect for this event, as both are good performers and doing well, and King of the Vale has his friends. It is not an easy task to make % selection for the Maribyrnong Plate with any degree of accuracy, but the latest list of pro bable starters and jockeys is worthy atten tion, namely: — Wahgunyah (Burton), Gold Top (Batty), Queen of the Sea (A. Trahan), Tichborne (Ivemy), Chloris (Gagan), Breeze (Williams), Tabletop (Yeomans), Tripod, Cupid, Dazzle (Power), Little Sister (St. Albans), Off Color (Moore), The Prior (Nicholson), Warwick (Huxley), Privateer (Kain), Kingsdale (McGrade), chesnut filly ! Hales), Lady Jervois (Boase), Narina Pigott), Gertrude (Raynor), Delusion (Crack cell), Aberfoyle (Williamson), Middlemarch (Murphy), Statesman (Colley), Mxmaooa. (Bawlings), Hilltop (Riley ), Turquoise (Gains ford), Heptakos (Higinbotham), and Merryjig (Yatefa). Of these the best known performer* who are backed for money are Narina, St Lawrence,Delusion, Kingsdale, Middlemarch, Warwick, Little Sister, Aberfoyle, and the Lunafilly, either of whom might win. Yeoman* was never yet in a Maribyrnong Plate with out beiDg dangerous, and should he rido Tabletop I would name him as one of the first three. St Lawrence is a grand-looking colt, and Warwick and Kingsdale are fast travellers. Narina is a beautiful filly, and the finish should be in her favor -with St Lawrence, Kingsdale, Warwick, Tabletop, and Delusion to supply the places. Mel bourne Stakes — Darebin or Jessie. Hotham Handicap — First Water, Lapatone, Gip3y Cooper. Essendon Stakes— Savanaka ana DeMestre's best Coburg Stakes — Tyropean, Little Jack, Verdure. The famous spiritist tip, for which it is reported Morgan wanted Joe ThompsontogivehimathousaJid pounds, is said by tbe fferatd to have been Little Jack for Derby and Bagot for the Cup, for which events, respectively both horses are scratched. Tommy Bales bas been very ill, and it ia doubtftd. whether he can ride this meeting. De Mestre'-t horses did not arrive at Flemington to-day. Some good work was done, principally amongst Maribyrnong candidates, on the straight five-furlong course. The best parfor niers were Warwick, who beat off Turquoise and Delos in 1 min. 4 sec., Delusion and Lap lander 1 min. 7 sec. ; Kingsdale and Forester, 1 min. 1\ sec ; and Lady Jervois and Honora 1 min. 10 sec. Narina, St Lawrence end others have also been doing good work. Thursday, Midnight Scratchings. — Derby — Eva, Treasure Trove, Gretna Green, St Andrew, Essex, Belmont, Carmelite, Norfolk, Comet Mares' Produce Stakes — Feu d' Artifice. Maribyrnong Plate —Dazzle, King's Son, Hill, Talk, Sigaor, Dokedom. Oaks — Folle Farine. Hothacn. Handicap — Coorena. Hurdles — Fusilier. Coburg Stakes— PetreL Latest Betting. — Derby— 6 to 4 Navigator (taken), 9 to 1 Segenhoe (offered), S to IGuesg. work (offered), 12 to 1 Fryingpan and Boolka, 100 to 2 Prometheus. Cup— 100 to 14 Little Jack, 12 to 1 Sweet William, 10 to 1 Cunna mulla, 8 to 1 Mistaken, 100 to 1 Prometheus (offered). Maribyrnong — 5 to 1 Warwick, 7 to 1 Luna filly (named to-day Dinah), 8 tol Narina. Melbourne, October 27. This was another off morning at Flem ington. There was a large number of horses exercising, but no very fast gallops. King of the Vale, with Cracknell up, waa beaten in a fast mile with Petrel, reducing his Derby and Cup chance. The Drummer did a strong working gallop on the tan with Bandmaster. Guesswork can tered. The latest scratchings for the Derby include Ironmaster, Solitude, Anglesey, Saionara, Aide-de-camp, Prometheus. Yeo mans rides Boolka in the Derby. Boolka is a good deal fancied. Latest betting : — Maribyrnong Plate— Warwick 100 to 30, Narina 100 to 12, St Lawrence 109 to 16, Kingsdale 1C0 to 8, Middlemarch and Luna filly 100 to 6. Derby.— Navigator, 6 to 4; Segenhoe, 4 tol; Guesswork, 8 tol; Boolka, 12; Fryingpan, 12. Cup^Sweefc William, 100 to 14 ; Sting, ditto ; Little Jack, ditto; Cunnamulla, 100 to 10, Adelaide sporting men had a fine passage by the South, which arrived early this morning. Latest scratchinga : — Prometheus, for Derby and Cup ; Savanaka, for the Essendoa Stakes, being reserved for the Melbourne Cup ; Topaz, for all engagements. It is probable that Yeomans will ride Delu sion in the Maribyrnong' Plate. The weather ia threatening, and should rain fall to-night or to-morrow it will favor the chances of Boolka aad Frjingirm in the Derby. 