OLD AND NEW SYDNEY. X. - THE OLD SUPREME COURT. There is no institution in the colony richer in in tercBting reminiscences than the Supreme Court of Nev South Walo». For nearly 70 yoars it has played a mos important part in the history of this young com rounity, and, until about 8Û years ago, it exercised ver] great influence aa the superior legal tribunal in thi southern hemisphere. With it have been associate tho names of many of the best and biggest brained men we have had in Australia; and it history would furnish materials for a peculiarly interesting volume, affording an insight into manj phases of tho political, legal, and sooial life of the firai century of this infant nation. 'Mr. John Gurner, whosi death was announced in Wednesday's Herald, wai intimately associated with tho old Court almost froir its establishment, and his name recalls recollections ol several of the most prominent men in the early days ol the colony. From an esteemed correspondent, wbc writes with a lengthened knowledge of the legal institu tiona of old Sydney, we have received an interesting communication bearing the signature " M." in whicl some of these recollections are narrated. Our cor- respondent says :- ' ' " Tho death of Mr. John Gurner severs the last living connection between the first Supreme Court of this colony and tho ono now oxistiug. On the 4th February, 1814, bli Majesty King Georgo III., by royal «harter established with other courts of civil jurisdiction a Supreme Court in New South Wales. On Wednesday, tho 27th Julv, 1814, there arrived in Sydney, by the ship Broxbomeburg, Jeoflrey Hart Bent, the Judgo of that court, which, although called tho Supremo Couit, was inferior in rank to the Governor's Court, in which the Judge- Advocate sat. On Thursday, July 28, Judge Bent landed in Sydney Cove under a salute of 13 guns from Dawes Battery. Un the samo day, ut 1 o'clock, the charter of justico was openly read at Government House by tho Governor's secretary in tho presence of his Excellency, of thoLioutenant- Governor, the Jud ge-Advocate, the Judge of tho Supreme Court, the magistrates, ollicers civil and military, and several of tho respectable inhabitants there assembled. At 3 o'clock the same day tho charter was again road at the public market-place" by the Provost marshal, attended by tho constables and tho peace officers of the" town. A royal sal uto was fired from Dawes Buttery' in honour of the occasion. Immediately after the publication of tho charter Mr. Bent's commission was read, und the Judge-Advocate and he wore sworn in by the Governor. Mr. Beut did not hold tho office long, for it appears by . Wentworth's New South Wides' that in 1819 Mr. Barron Field was the Supremo Court Judge, and that ut the samo time Mr. John Gurner was tho clerk of that court. I am under the impression that Mr. Henry Field Gurner, lately tho Crown Solicitor in Victoria, not long since told mo that his father arrived i'i this colony with Mr. Barron Field, but how long before 1819 I cannot *ay. However, hero we have Mr. John Gurner 63 years ago tilling the olilco of clerk of tho Supreme Court. Tho court us now constituted was established under the presidency of the first Chief Justice, Mr. (afterwards Sir) Francis Forbes, in 1824, and from that time until he left the public service, about 37 years ago, Mr. Gurner was the chief clerk. On his retirement from office he went into private practice as a solicitor, first with the late Mr. Minithorpe, and then with Mr. Thomp- son, and lastly with Mr. Ilobberds. " I first kn;V him in the eorly part of 1837 tts a very industrious but rathor irritable old gentleman, for to my recollection ho looked as old then as at uny sub- sequent period of his life. The Supreme Court-house, until »bout 1840, consisted on thu ground floor of two very largo court rooms-tho western ono having an entrance under an ornamental stone porch in Elizabeth-street, and the eastern having its ontranco by the existing door in King-street. The Judges cat in large alcoves On the side of tho respective court-rooms where windows aro now placed. There were no rooms partitioned ott as now on tho King-street, side of the building. The court keeper, Joshua Allot, was a tall, stout, venerable-looking gentleman of 84, much respected by the Bench, the Bar, and the profession generally. I have him in my mind's eye at this moment in his scrupulously neat dark clothing and snow-white cravat. When the Supreme Court was first located in the King-street building I do not know, but before my time it was held in the schoolhouse in Castle- reagh-street. " Thc-Judge-Advocate in 1S14 and afterwards was Mr. Joh* Wylde, LL.D., afterwards Sir Join Wylde. Chief Justice c">f the Capo of Good Hopo. This gentleman's father, Mr. 'i'homus Wylde, used to practise as a solicitor in the court before his son, the Judge-an unusual if not un- precedented thing. Mr. Thomas Wylde, the solicitor, had another son moro distinguished than bia sou John-namely. Sir Thomas Wylde, afterwuids Lord Truro, and Lord Chancellor of England. I first saw Sir Francis Forbes in 1834\. on the occasion of the trial of Jenkins for the murder of Dr. Wardell. This being a cause celebre the boys in Mr. Capo's school, which was in King-street, directly opposite the court, had a half-holiday, to enable them to go over amt J>.ear it. 1 well remember the goneral stmupedo which took place when Jenkins, on being found guilty, endeavoured to «?pring over the dock to seii-.e it sword lyiiig on tho table in front of it. While running out myi-tlf. I observed that tho Judge ncvor moved from his neut. Tho prisoner was im inedintcly secured. This reminds mo of a Hceno I witnessed in tho Bathurst Circuit Court some ten yoarä ai'torwards, when a mau named Hogan was lound guilty of mur- dering his wife by drowning. Thc verdict was given about 9 o'clock at uiyht, and tho Judge (VBeckett), who hud summed up for an acquittul, directed the prisoner to bo remanded for sentence. Tho prisoner, a very tall and powerful young fellow, thereupon ondeavoured to get under the rail of the dock (a mere open structure), and a great commotion took place, us rumours hud been cir- culated during thc trial that there would be nn attempt at a rescue in tho event of un udverso verdict. I was sittiog at a tablo near tho dock at the time, and sprang over it, and got very quickly out into the yard at the back of tho bench, where, to my surpriso, I found that the Judge, whose legs had been for some time paralyzed, had arrived beforo me. " On February 2, 1827, one George Worrell was tried in the Supreme Court in Sydney for the murder of Frederick Fisher, at Campbelltown, on June 17, 1826, nearly eight months before. Out of this murder arose the celebrated story of Fisher's ghost. It was said, and is to this day be- lieved by many persons, that the dead body of Fisher, who had been missed for some time from his home, was dis- covered in the creek, just opposite to where the Campbell- town Railway Station now is, by a person named Cunning- ham, late one night, and seeing what appeared to be Fisher sitting on the fence near his own house. The figure, it was said, then got off the fence, and proceeded in the direction of the creek. The whole story, in great detail, will be found in Tegg's Magazine, the first article, I think, ever written by Mr. William Kerr, who was once sub-editor of the Sydney Gazette under Mr. George Cavenagh. Mr. Kerr was known here, as Tracy Tupman, from his wonderful resemblance in personal appearance to the portrait in 'Pickwick' of that ideal character. He afterwards became town clerk in Melbourne, where he died some years ago. Old residents in Campbell- town give full credence to the story, which is generally re- garded as one of the best authenticated ghost stories on record. I once asked Mr. Gurner, who was present at the trial, if anything came out at that time about the ghost, and he said not. The proceedings at the inquest at the trial of Worrell, and of his execution, are all re- ported in the newspapers, bnt no mention is made in any number of the Australian or Sydney Gazette of the ghost, as a report current at the time or otherwise. It seems unlikely if so singular a thing had occurred that no mention should he made of it in the newspapers. In the report in the Australian of the 3rd February, it ia said :— 'Newland, a constable, was employed to search for the body of Fisher ; saw sprinkling of blood on some palings about 50 rods from prisoner's house. Some blacks accompanied him to a creek at a short distance. Gilbert, the black native, jumped into the water, and with a corn husk swept the surface, then put it to his nose, und declared that he could smell a white man's fat. The body was found buried close to.' "There are still some old residents at Campbelltown who could tell how the ghost story originated, and the name of the person said to have seen the apparition of Fisher." In a few years the old Courthouse will have to givo place to a new building better suited to the require- ments of a largely increased population. At one time tho building was a source of some pride on the part of the citizens, by whom it was regarded as a handsome, and imposing structure. From an old and long-forgotten work we extract the following deeoription of the old Courthouse, from which it will be eeon that tho original building has undergone considerable alterations: *' This building, which is of handsome proportions, con- tains two courts for the administration of civil and criminal justice, which, if inferior to somo, is greatly superior, both in size and convenience, to the majority of tho assize courts in the cities and country towns of Great Britain. Over the courts, to which you ascend by a good geometrical staircase, in a circular lobby, surmounted by a neat dome, aro a hand- some suite of rooms, appropriated as offices to the Attorney und Solicitor Generals, the sheriffs, clerk of the oourts, and registrar, and other officials connected with the courts of law. " This lino edifice-for which, as well as St. James's Church, from which it is separated only by u passage from King-street into Hyde Park, the colony is indebted to Governor Macquarie-was erected in 1820 by Mr. Green- away, and, as a public building in a colony not then 33 years old, does infinite credit to all concerned in its erection. Still we are bound lo add that, from some defects either of the architect or builders, but probably of both, And also from defects in the material (for tho limo which is extracted from oyster- shells ÍB seldom very strong, and always vcr j' sparingly used), tho courthouse has latterly been found to be in a very perilous state, and, according to the report of our able Colonial Architect, Mr. M. W. Lewis, from eurvey, it is hardly in a stat» to adroit of repair. The fact appears to be that, for want of pillars and proper precautions in the uso of bond timber, &c.;, the superabundant weight of the offices has forced the walls to such a degree externally ne that the law officers of the Crown may bo expected to find themselves some fine morning, with their tomes of law and all their paraphernalia, on the door of tho Supreme Court, without being brought thither by attachment, or by thc more cir- cuitous route of a sníral »taircase. but by a direct, that is to say a perpendicular descent bv means of their own proper and specific gravity from the ceiling to the floor aforesaid. "To avert such an exhibition and calamity, and finding that on effectual repair would be nearly equivalent to re- building the courts of law, his Excellency the Governor and Council decided on the immédiate erection of a now court contiguous to tho now gaol, at Woolloomooloo, which is accordingly now in progress, from Mr. Lewis's design, and is the first spoeimen of really good and haudsomo masonry. ' Hero it ii intonded that thc criminal sessions shall ba held as soon as tho building is in a sutliciont stato i of forwardness ; and this arrangement, when tho new gaol j is occupied, will obviate tho lamentable exhibition of j prisoners parading through the town to tho courthouse for I trial, and tho risk of their escape. And tho new court may be used for trying civil issues at wi« prim, whilst tho building in King- street! undergoes repair, or until a new ono j can be completed, should this be taken down." 