e castles you build in the air. OUT OF THE FIRE.' BY HEKIIY KENDALL. lit was young when he entered that sphere, Where tho pleasures of sin are attained; And a devil canie cloBe to his ear, And whispered, and tempted, and gained. On the world with tho eyo6 of a child He looked. It was little he knew; And the sharks who were after him smiled With joy at the plunder in view. By chance he was Enddenly placed Where life is a fever—a flame, And plausible rascals made haste To rob him, and bring iiirn to shame. I'rom green quiet forest-lands hulled Into city, he needed a guide; Hut he hadn't a friend in the world,| To thrust tho Jjlack tempter aside, tie had mouey—a fortune indeed: Hut money meant ruin to him, For he followed a blood-sucking breed Into dens of iniquity—dim. At tables of cards and of dice, He wasted his means; and he knew Bat tho glare and the glamour of Vice In nights full of glittering dew. Ah! often he lingered in tears, While morning walked over the sea, And thought of the beautiful years, When hiB mates were the torrent and tree. But ever Achitophel stood, With shining Aholah between Tho spirits of evil and good j And the past became brightness unseen. One day when the drink smothered thought, Ho met with a sharper named Holt; And, maudlin and muddled, he bought A big, but an ill-looking colt. But a stable-lad whispered, "Depend On my word, there is stuff in Tho Scud; He will win a great race in the end; But Holt doesn't know he has blood." In a moment of troublo supreme, « hen worried by croditore coarse, Hope flashedon his heart'like a beam— He thought of the boy and the horse. And full 0[ toe purp0Eei Ue 8aid_ I will cast the foul devil away, And lead the white life that I led In the light of the happy old day." Next morning he spoke to the youth; And the boy rubbed his hands in his glee, And said-with his eyes full of truth— Just leave him, my master, with me! , e c ?" must come out at his best; And when saddle and rider are up, Uei wfll make the fast Star of the West, And the rest of them, move for ' Tho Cup. 1 The Cup was the race of the year, " Th" i ' mmt y P«nd horses were in. 7,7 bc ®d|" cried tho '(touts" with a sneer, Is sure to he last in the * spin.'" But owner worked hard with the lad; And pale was the suflerer's face: •"o chance was the last that he had— He had hazarded all on the race. wSW tke meeting wis dark' "ithhttcr wild wind-driven rainino htar has come fit to tho mark," m °h, " and he'll win it again!" n> g ™ s 1,ri8k > w,10n the horse the season came out of his a tall, ft dozen were backed on the courao, But The Scud wasn't mentioned at all. •the flagfoil away in a roar, BuTt t *i, twent y wnt off in a pack; nut soon there was soen to tho fore, R. i" ? lai ; 0 with tho purple and black. Bwker's she quickened the pace „ «iui a feather-weight close at her side; 4 ™, straight, she'll be out of the race," A duster of knowing one's cried. Y™„ lm ? "f the track, on the grey B„tK 40011 th0 fining in hand; at the Corneraway, r,,?™ PjromuB led by the Stand. TheSt»rti' ™"?™tomed to yieldt b ? evincible horne- " au ®P showed heels to the " field." But the mare by Olympus, from Jane, Came on with a rush by tho gate • And the Scud dashed along in tho rkin, Si, J" 1 ?" K ,ED WITB 010 STAR the A thunder of cheers from afar, straight. \- B " T^'llf "'J 60 5 omin 8 smothered with muS- The filly—tho filly—the Star 1 The chestnut—the filly—the Scud '" With the Star on his girth in the eludge, Ihe Scud under whip at tho post, Went flashing by Stand and by Judge, With a boy on him whiter than ghost, lot, there, amid clamour and cheer, p„S < "2 t '' nU of eourago and strength, Pidled off the great raco of the year, \- From the "crack," by tho half of a length And there, on that prominent day The owner fell back at the last,' And shivered and fainted away— Ho had suffered so much in tho Past •the strain had been heavy indeed, And the world for somo moments seemed dim; IM past was the season of need— The Scud had won thmusania for liim, lalK^r^^ " Lon ° 0iis < hy t i 