Fighting Her Own Battles. A STORY OF TO-DAY. BT MKS. M. V. VICTOR. CHAPTER XIIÏ.-THE WIFE'S TRIUMPH. At tue re-opening of the trial for murder of Eegina Van Schiller, all the new evidenco was given in, perhaps the most important being that of the doctors, who testifiod that the poison had not entered into tho circulation of deceased, and was, therefore, undoubtedly placed there after death. À clear case of long-continued and cri minal persecution of the prisoner by Charles llostwick was nade out, and he was held to I answer to tho ohargo of fraud and false impri sonment, It was scarcely necessary for tho jury to go through the formula of a verdict. Every ona knew in advance -what it would be, what it was-> unanimous for acquittal. When Regina at last stepped forth from the court-room, free, she was not only free in form, but in fact, from the shadow of suspicion. Not only free from any remaining suspicion in tho public mind, but fully exonerated from all the other calumnies which had followed her from the day on which she had married Abram Van Schiller. On her knees, beforo her God, she vowed that she would labour to make a good use of her riches, and that, above all things, she would be a friend to poor girls who had to work for their living. It added immeasurably to her melancholy to learn that Harold's wife was not expected to live, and that the excitement of the trial had hastened tho development of the hidden disease which had long threatened her, and thc shocte of the know ledge that she had been persecuting an innocent person had brought on hemorrhage. Two days before Christmas, Regina sat alone in her boudoir. She had sent her mothor to make some purchases for her young people, as she was too sensitivo to appear out of doors at present. Tho three young girls were up stairs, engaged with matters in their own rooms. Suddenly tho door-bell wa s violently rung, and, unconsciously to herself, Regina arose to her feet and remained listening. She stood there, leaning slightly forward, pale as ashes, trembling. In a moment the door waa thrown open, and Harold stood beforo her. " Get your bonnet/' he said, in a strange, hoarsè voice'; " she is dying, and she Bent me to bring you/' Mrs. Hamilton met them at tho door of the sick-chamber. She just bowed to Regina. The tears were streaming down her face, and she said to her brother : " She insisted on my going out when you came in. She wants to speak to you two alone. She has bidden me good-by;" and burying her face in her handkerchief, she hurried to another room. Harold and Regina went forward to the bed of death. Sallie had asked that the curtains might be raised, that her eyes might behold the sun set for the last time. She was supported by pillows, so that as she looked forward she had a view of the bright, crimson western sky and tho sinking sun over the roofs of the great city. She gave a long, steady look into tho face of the woman who had obeyed her summons and ap peared before her. Regina's lovely countenance was pale with intense sympathy and tender re gret. Sallie read its meaning, and saw that tho sadness was not put on. Sho seemed to study every feature, from the crisp glitter of the wavy hair to the exquisite curve of the chin into the throat. " She is very beautiful," she murmured to her husband, " and I believe that she moans to bo good, too." "Oh, hush!" cried Regina, under her breath. "JDear lady, do not think of poor, miserable me in such a moment as this. Let me go and leave you and your husband together." " But I want you to forgive me first," gasped Sallie, making an attempt to hold out her hand. Regina caught it, and reverently kissed it. ,, " I did forgive you, when I first heard that you were ill." " You saved my life once, on board the ship," \ went on the dying woman. ', . ' ? " I would give up my own in an instant, to do it again I" exclaimed Regina. , , , " Would you ?" asked Sallie, a little wonder showing on her calm face. " I can almost believe it of you. You and Harold loved: each, other once, didn't you ?" "That was long ago-why do you speak of it now?" said her visitor, hurriedly. " I loved him well and truly. But I do not think he,ever really loved mo. And that all passed so long ago.'* "I was going to tell you," continued Sallie, making a painful effort, which Harold vainly tried to stop, " that I knew it, and that it, made me jealous of you, and that it was this jealousy I which made me so anxious to believe bad things of you.. You see, I was spoiled from a child, ac customed to every one's admiration. I was bound to get Harold away from you ; but I could not do it until long after he believed you dead. Then, after we were married, and ho learned^* one evening, that you were not dead, I saw in a mo ment--" ' Harold stooped over his dying wife and tried to hush her with a kiss. " That he still cared more for you than me. I did not blame him, for I saw that he made every effort to conquer the feeling, and it caused me to hate you-unjustly-and so-" hero she began to wander, but made a great eifort, and went on : " I did not do right ; but I am sorry now. I have -conquered my rebellious heart, and all I want is for Harold-to bo happy. Ho accused me of trying to murder you, and it looked as if I had tried. But I did not mean it. I want to make all the amends in my power. And I want you to make Harold happier than I over could. You two were made for each other. Bolieve me, \ shall not be jealous, in Heaven, but shall rejoice if I can look down and seo you two united. I want you to promise to marry Harold som© day." " My poor, poor Sallie !" sobbed Harold, kneel; ing by the bedside. " Promise I" she repeated, very faintly, chang ing countenance. He only clung to the cold hand, growing colder in his own, while Regina stood like a statue. Sallie closed her eyes-then half-opened them with a smile, and, thus smiling upon these two, she died. That was tho wife's triumph ! Sho had con» quered her own proud, passionate nature, to beg forgivenoss for wrong done, and for more-far more-to give up her heart's darling to the love of another woman of whom she had been jealous. In view of that dying smile, in hearing of th e oho of that magnanimous dying request, Harold y -j pow pronounced his wife "an angel/' That liol îore which had BO changed her vory nature, glowed before his eyes, filling him with a pain, a . regret, a remorse, which added the hardest pang to his grief, "When he brought his quivering lips to speak, .he said to Regina, as he would have said to any . other person chancing to be near at such a timo : " She was an angel !" :>, And perhaps it was a part of the wife's triumph too, that, in the last hours of her life, she had arisen to such a height of nobility as to be always . thereafter regarded as having been an angel even while on earth. " Yes, she was an angel 1" responded Regina, . like an echo. Then, af ter a moment's hesitation, the words dropped slowly from her lips, and Harold heard Tthem, but did not, at the time, regard their .wjight. . «'Her last request was a great mistake. Much . as we love her and desire to consider her dying wishes, we are forced to act for ourselves in a matter like this. You will not be influenced by it. I cannot be. By her death-bGd I bid you . . farewell for ever, Harold. I have nothing against you and nothing for you. But I hope never to ' meet you again. And so, farewell !" . She moved like a ghost out of the chamber, : leaving him alone with, his desolation. 