?pcraiHtt. THE IARTYEDOI OF MADELINE. A NEW UOYEL. BY BOBEET BUCBLMfAJf, Author of 'A Cans of Natobe ; or, The Tbxsl of Abbaxmoke;' 'Shadow of the Sword, \- dec, &c.; Chapteb. XXTT.— At the Club. James Forster, of the great firm of Forster and Forster, found himself at the early aje of thirty-five a rich and prosperous man, with _plenty of leisure and a simple taste forimagi, native literature and the fine arts. He was a widower, bis wife having died ten years pre viously in the first year of their marriage, leaving him an only son; and. his fine man sion iu Cromwell-road, South Kensington, was presided over by his spinster sister, Mar garet, bis elder by some five years. The cares of business sat lightly on this good man's shoulders, and he could at any moment have retired with a large, indepen dence, but early habit and inclination kept him to the office long after His daily presence there was necessary, aud he wished to remain there until Ms son was old enough to take his place. His office hours, however, were very short, and when tney were over he assiduously -cultivated the society of painters and men of letters. Many a struggling artist had cause to bless his liberality. The walls of his house were decorated with some of the finest paint ings of the period ; and he loved nothing better than to add to his collection by dis covering genius, and paving liberally for its works long before the trumpet of fame had given those works a price in the market. Although himself a strict man of business, lie loved Bohemian society and Bohemian ways, always holding good-humoredly that it was the prerogative of artists and authors to play pranks denied to plain men like himself. His admiration for genius was quite simple and boy-like. In certain departments of literature, particularly in that of early English poetry, he had an almost special knowledge, gained in the course of his ac quisition, of a fine old-fashioned library ; and nothing delighted hint-more than to commu nicate informally to the Megatherium or to Holes and Queries, occasional notes and cor respondence on the pet subjects of bis study. He bad known White for years, and had been his stanchest helper and benefactor. Poor White, the best and kindliest fellow in the world, had neither the art of making money nor the knack of keeping it when it came ; so that he was generally neck-deep in difficulties, and would nave sunk often into the quagmire of bankruptcy, had no helping band been near. As a painter he was not a ' genius ; yet Forster bought his pictures, very often commissioning aud paying for them long before they had taken shape on the easeL So that the gentle Bohemian had been heard more than once to exclaim that, in the -course of his long heavenward pilgrimage, he had encountered only one guardian angel, and that angel was James Forster. The day after the interview described in our last chapter, White and Forster sat alone dining at a quiet table in the Junior Athe iixum Club, of which the merchant was a member. ' I am glad she has told you,' said Forster, quietly. ' Yes, I have asked her to become my wife/' White did not speak for some minutes, and liis expression was very sad and scared. 'I'm very sorry,' he murmured, at last. ' I can't tc-fl you how sorry I am. I — I don't know what to Bay, upon my souL It is such an honor — such a surprise too — and you, God Jjnows jou arc the best man in the world. But it can't be ! You had it from her own lips, febe will never marry.' White's eyes were full* of tears, and he gulped down a glass of wine in extreme «inotion. 'After all,' he added, eagerly, not meeting ihe others eyes, ' she's only a poor girl, aud it wouJd'nt be right for a man in your position: to marry an actress.' ' I never loved a woman before,' returned the merchant, 'and I know I shall never love again. My first marriage was not altogether a happy one, and I was driven, more than led into it ; but, thank God, I did my duty, and 1 have -ny boy. But I'm a lonely man— you don't know how lonely, and I thought— I Ibongfct this might have been.' ' 1 wish to God it could— I do with all my souL' ' I'm sure of that. „.,,?—..,. ' Atd on 3 my dear Forster, cried white, almost sobbing, 'don't fancy that my dear girl doesn't value 'you at your worth. She knows liow good you are. She knows what a friend you've been to us all, but — but — ' ' But she does not love me. Well, I coald hardly dare to expect it.' '?It's not that! I swear it's not that ! At I'm a living man I believe she worships the very gj-ound you tread on. ' Dear Guardian,' sue said to me last night, *~l never was so happy and proud, and yet I never was so sad. Toll Mm how grateful I am; how gladly would 1 die to serve him — but as for marriage, you know it can never be V ' 'Zto you know that?' asked Forstcr, look ii-{r keenly at his companion. . While's face was as pale as death. *' I Co know it' . ' Sbe will never marry V 'Kever.' ' I think I understand,' said Forster, with a sigh of relief. ' She has made up her mind to devote herself to her noble profession, and she believes, perhaps wisely, that a great artist should be free of all domestic tics. But «lo you think I am one of those idiots, those miserable money-bags, who account the pro fession of 'an actress a degradation? She -should never leave t'ae stage unless of -her cwn wish and will. She should be encou raged, helped as far as a plain fellow like myself could helpher, in all the aspirations of her art. I should glory in her success, and triumph in her triumph— -I shpnld indeed.' White looked at the bright open face of ; Forster, and' fairly wrung his hands in .^cspaHi 'I wish it were possible,' he groaned 'For her sake, even more than yours.' Forster leant over the table, and continued in rapid, eager tones — ' If she loves another man tell me, and I shall be satisfied. I don't want to know his name, but if he is poor let me make him rich. More than anything in the world, more even than my own happiness, I seek her welfare, I love her, White, and mine is not a selfish love.' 'You are wrong, dear friend. She loves no one else. Poor child ! She has never known what love is, and she will never kaow it.' Something in White's manner at List awoke the other's suspicion and wonder. The face of the poor fellow was so utterly forlorn, his words and gestures so extraordinary, that Forster began to share his agitation. ' There is some mystery. Cannot I know it?' ' Impossible. But you are right.' 'Does it concern Madeline herself ?' 'Yes.' *' Her friends and relations ?' 'No.' 'For God's sake, tell me— that is, if it can be told.' White fell back in his chair, and let his hands drop helplessly by his side. ' It cannot be told. My poor darling ! It is something in her past life.' . There he paused in despair. But Forster, himself trembling violently, touched him on the arm ! 'Her pastlife! what is that to me? I know nothing of it, I seek to know nothing. If there is any page in her life that she wishes me not to read, let her dose the book ; I will never ask her to open it. I love her too absolutely not to be content with what she is —the sweetest and purest woman I have ever known.' 'You think her pure? So she is, God knows.' ' I think she is worthy to be a queen. I think I am not worthy to tie her shoestrings. But this does not prevent me loving her ; it only makes my love something like idolatry. Don't think that it is mere infatuation. I know my own mind well, and I shall never change.' More followed in the same strain, but Forster did not succeed in eliciting any further explanation. Poor White remained the very picture of misery, and with his eyes full of tears, wrung the merchant's hand again and again, uttering wild professions of personal attachment. Some hours later theyparted. White, with somewhat unsteady steps, for he had drunk liberally, made hi s way to bis favorite club. Forster walked rapidly to Piccadilly, and en tering an omnibus, rode in sad reverie to South Kensington. A footman in gorgeous livery admitted the plain man into his princely home ; and along a lobby bung with choice pictures, up a stair case ornamented with some of the most per fect specimens of modern sculpture, he found his way up to the drawing-room, where his sister Margaret was sitting in solitary state. Margaret Forster was fresh and wholesome looking-, like her brother, but her forehead was lower, her lips thinner and tighter, her whole expression colder, harder, and more respectable, and she wore much more gor geous appareL She adored her brother and bis child, with the frosty adoration of an impeccable and well-drest virgin. In matters of religion she was very High Church, a staunch follower of the Rev. Father Sera phim, of the Kensington Oratory, and there was scarcely a day in the year on which she did not hear morning and evening mass. ' You are late, James,' she said, as he entered. ' I suppose you have dined V 'Yes, at the club. I have just time to dress for the theatre. Will you come and bring James? I have a box.'' . ' What theatre, James ?' ' The Parthenon.' ' What are they playing ?' ' Shakespeare's Oymbeline.' 'Why, James, you have seen that perfor mance twice already to my knowledge,' said Margaret, lifting her eyebrows. 'Is it so very good?' 'So much so that I want youto see it again, and— and I want James to see it. The new actress is charming. But there is no time to lose, and the carriage will be at the door in half-an-hour.' Margaret rose, smiling, well pleased at the attention of her brother, and passed up stairs to prepare her .little nephew. Left alone in the drawing-room, Forster paced up and down in a somewhat-gloomy brown study, muttering- again and again to himself, and pausing from time to time to gaze into one of the great mirrors ; he was not, however, gazing at his own reflection, though he seemed to be doing so — he was contemplating a visionary figure far away. Later on in the evening, Forster, with his sister and his son, occupied a box at the Par thenon. They arrived late, and when they entered Imogen was in the middle of her first parting with Posthumus, but as she left the stage she glanced up, and met Forster's eyes. Margaret Forster saw the look, and in a moment her suspicion was awakened. For the rest of the evening she was busily engaged, not following the play, but jealously watching her brother. As she did so, her face hardeued and her eyes grew cold as steel ; for she Ji-d discovered his secret. The play ended, the curtain descended, but in answer to the enthusiastic applause of the audience Imogen came before the curtain. Then Margaret Forster saw the actress glance up again with a smile of recognition. They drove home and supped together in the great dining- room. Forster was generally a water drinker, but on this occasion he ordered champagne, and pressed his sister to partake of it with him. The wise virgin, who saw that something was coming, was not to be persuaded. Presently Forster dismissed the footman in-waiting ;' then, looking to Margaret with a bright but somewhat nervous smile, he asked — ' Well, how do you like her?' ' Miss Vere ? 1 think she is rather pretty and acts intelligently.' '* Intelligently ! She ia a genius ! Do take some champagne !' Margaret shook her head. She saw that her brother was excited, and determined to keep cooL To try him, she changed the subject. ' How pretty the Princess looked ! I sup pose the gray- headed gentleman with her was her father, the King of Denmark ?' ' Yes ;— but Miss Vere ! How beautifully she spoke those lines at the mouth of the cave.' *? I liked her best in the earliest portions of the play,' returned Margaret, quietly. ' I have a prejudice against seeing women dressed up in male attire. I suppose she is a modest woman, but ? by the way, James, sheseemed to recognise you ? De you know her ? 'Yes.' ' You cannot have met her in society ?' 'I was introduced to her by her guardian, White, the dramatic author. We have been acquainted for some time.' *? Indeed,' said Margaret, more coldly than ever. She drew back her chair, and rose to go. % 'I am very tired. I t.hintr I will say good night.' '-Don't go yet,' exclaimed Forster.' I — I want to talk to you.' 'Yes?' 'About Miss Vere,' then he continued, nervously and hurriedly, 'I have not only a great respect for her. Margaret, bat a stronger feeling. I should have spoken to you concerning her before, but I had certain reasons for keeping silence. Now I think you ought to know everything. 1 have asked her to marry me.' . Margaret Forster gazed at her brother in horror. ' Her face .went ghastly pale, and sbe felt as if a sharp knife had stabbed her to the heart. ' 'You cannot be serious !' she cried. ' Quite serious.' ' My dear James, you are joking with me. I will never believe you capable of such folly.' '* You think it is folly to marry again ?' ' That is for you to determine, James ; but whenever you do marry, you will at least marry a lady.' Forster's face darkened. He knew his sister s strong prepossessions on certain sub jects, but he had hardly expected so decided an opposition.' ' Listen to me, Margaret/' he said firmly ; ' and before we go further let me beseech you, for my sake, to refrain from saying any thing offensive concerning Miss Vere. Under stand me clearly. I love her — deeply, pas sionately; and with a man at my a^e love means the highest sort of respect. She is as far my superior in every gift of nature a* I perhaps am hers in worldly position.' He paused, but Margaret made no sign. She kept her cold eyes fixed upon his face as if fascinated by the horror of a degrading confession; but her pulses temperately kept time, and her self-control was perfect. Then he continued — '1 repeat that I ought possibly to have consulted you earlier on this subject, and I am not at all astonished at your surprise. I never thought to have married a second time. My first experience, as you know, was not encouraging, and since Ivor death you have made my home very happy. My dear Mar garet, forgive me if I have see-ned unkind ; but setting aside the reasons to which I have alluded I thought it better not to speak of this until I had spokec to Miss Vere. Well, I have spoken,' aud I thought you ought to kiiow the result. That is why I took you to the theatre. That is why I have spoken.' He paused aaain. This time his sister replied — 'Of course, James, you are your own master. I ha\e no right to object.' *? That is not the' question,' he cried, iin patieutly. 'I should certainly take no im ? jrortaiit siep in life without consulting you. i am to understand, then, that you do object?' 1 ' Most certainly.' ' To my marrying?' 'No, James. To your marrying a person in Miss Vere's position. Forster rose to his feet with an angry ex clamation. *' Her position is as good as mine. I am a tlod, she is a genius.' 'She is not a lady,' answered Margaret, compressing her lips firmly. ' Good heavens, what do you mean ? There is not a whisper against her, she is divinely gifted, all the world is raving about her. Hot a lady ? She is a queen !' Margaret smiled; a cold sickly smile of supreme feminine pity. Irritated by the smile, and driven out of his usual reticence by the wine he had taken at supper, Forster took a rapid turn down the room, and then, turn ing back to his sister, cried in a voice broken with agitation— 'I thought you above these shameful pre judices. The profession of an actress is one of the noblest under the sun. , The same insane bigotry which still pursnes theatrical performers persecuted until lately all the arts, literature and painting more particularly. At the bottom of it all, is the church — the church which denied Adrienne Lecouvreur Chris tain burial, and which from the beginning of time has been the enemy of light, freedo.n, knowledge.' He was going on in the same strain when his sister quietly interfered. *' My dear James, how absurd I I am very fond of the theatre, as you know !** ' But you despise those who act.' ' Nothing of the kind. I only desire to see them in their proper place in society.' ' Where is that, pray ?' ' Among themselves— in their own artistic world. In point of fact they are much happier there.' ' Stop a moment, Margaret,' said Forster, with a short, excited laugh. ' You speak of their world. What is mine ? To what sphere do I belong?' 'You? My dear James, you are a mer chant and a gentleman.' ' I am a tradesman, Margaret, received in certain circles because I have so much money, rejected in others because I have neither the birth nor the breeding of an aris tocrat. The same measure you mete to Miss Vere is meted to me — to you also^by those who affect to be our social superiors. What nonsense it all is ! What d — ^—i nonsense !' Margaret Forster shuddered. She had never before in her life heard her bwther swear, and his use of even so mild an oath showed the situation to be desperate. She went up to him gently, and put her cheek for bis 'good night' salute. 'I think I had better go now,' she said. 'We are both tared, and if you are really in earnest we can talk it over to-morrow. Good night, James.' 'Good night,' returned Forster, just touching her cheek with his lips. ' Bat don't go till you have heard me out. I have told you that I love Miss Vere, aud that I have proposed to her, but there is something more.' 'Yes?' 'She has refused me, that is all.' Chapter XXIIL— White bids a L^st Fabewell to Bohemia. All this time Madeline was dwelling with White in a certain pleasant corner of Bohemia — a quarter of the world which is fast disappearing before the brand new dwellings of artistic gentility, and which when it finally disappears (as seems inevit able) will take something with it that even respectability can never quite replace. - The dwellers in Bohemia, now rapidly dis appearing like the dear old quarter itself, bad many faults and hot a few vices, but these were all forgotten in the presence of natural charm and irresistible bonhomie. They wore great beards, drank beer, and smoked great pipes ; their clothes were seedy and eccentric, their manners rough and merry, their tastes the very reverse of refined; they had very- little money, but that little they freely shared among one another ; they loved late hours, wild talk, song-singing, and the social glass ; they still regarded the. theatre as an educational institution, aud talked with pagan enthusiasm of the old gods of the stage. They were neither very clever nor very wise, and they have left no literary monuments to keep their memories fresh, but they enjoyed life, and in their own rough way respected the literary craft to whioh they belonged. For them Bohemia was a pleasant place. Here Marmaduke White was born, bred, and was, in due season, to die. All attempts to coax him to cleaner and cosier quarters were unavailing. Although one by one the Bohemians fell away, corrupted by the heresy of respectability and clean linen ; although those who . were born in the same quarter with him listened to the new commercial cutte and became prosperous men of b:isi-__ ness ; although- Jones the novelist drove bis brougham and frequented genteel parties, while Brown the painter wore fine raiment, sold his pictures for splendid prices, and put up at a fashionable club, White still remained as he had been — impecunious, irresponsible, generally out-at-elbow. It was. his constant complaint that the old landmarks were fast changing. ' If I live long enough,' he said, ' I shall stand on the ruins of the last chop bouse, and see the last night-house turned into a temperance hotel. The downfall of Bohemia dates from the day when.Tiiackeray became famous, smoked cigars, and built that nice house at Kensington. It is* the apotheosis of -the Snob. Even at the. Garrick, where one used to meet all the talent, the snob is rampant. There is not a foyer of the old kind in all London. The literary man has becorce a commercial gent, the artist is a spiritualised bagman — even the actor wears fine clothes and goes to swell garden parties. Sic transit gloria Bohemiw ! 1 begin to feel like a man who has endured beyond his due time ; a sort of Wandering Jew, the old clothesman of an extinct exis tence and a perished creed. I should not so much care, if people were much better for the change; but they are not. Fellows are valued now, not for what they are, but for what they earn. The very journals are grown brazen fronted and rave of Mammon. A great book is a book that makesja great deal of money ; a great artist is one who earns a great sum. At my time of life I can't set up as a swelL I like my glass of good beer, and my pipe, and my shirt sleeves. When I die my epitaph will be — 'Et Hie in Bohemia fait' — and I sup. pose I shall be the last of the race.' Now, the good man, though .he had the perennial heart of a boy, was not young. Time, which had dealt gently with his dispo sition, had thinned his once flowing hair, made his limbs feeble, and set many a crows foot under his kindly eyes. Nor were the habits of the Bohemia he still inhabited favorable to longevity. The small hours always found him up, at work or play, and he saw little of the early sunshine. He was always behindhand with his work, always working against time; feeding irregularly and at unseasonable hours, drinking alas! more than was good for him, and ever con suming that nicotine which would destroy even a Promethean liver. He had saved nothing, so that rest was denied him ; and . indeed he could not have rested, fox he loved labor in the old, reckless, perfunctory Bohemian way. His oldfriends had gradually drifted away from him, died and been buried, and passed up to those shining social heights, where dress-suits and white linen are provided for aspiring pilgrims. Even managers of theatres, grown genteel too, pitied him. 'Poor White,' they would say, ** he is such a Bohemian.' So that his occu pation partly failed him. Good old blank verse plays were no longer in demand. Brand new adaptors, fresh from picking the pockets of French authors in Parisian forays, splashed him with the wheels of their tri umphal chariots ; gorgeous Jew entrepreneurs shook their heads at him. 'Vat ve vant now, my boy, is realism; -plenty of swell clothes, and upholstery, and fast cackle ; the public don't vant poetry, and as for black verse it ventilates the theatre. They'll stand Shakespeare now and then, especially when Eugene Aram does it, because it's genteel ; but all de rest of de drama comsh from France.' In his anxiety to suit the market be too tried pocket-picking, but he lacked the deft rapidity and supreme impudence of the aramatictbiefbyprofession. Hetooktoomueh trouble with work of this kind, and the public found it old-fashioned. So it come to pass that from one reason and another, whether because he was physically tired out or intellectually weary of a race in vhioh he was unevenly handicapped, White began to show signs of failing health. Once or twice he took to his bed with some trifling ailment, and on each occasion so weak were his bodily powers that he found it hard work to get up again. He, himself, attached no importance to these indications of weakness ; he vas as cheerful to outward seeming as sanguine, and as full of magnificent 'sub- jects '' as ever. He. still sketched out tragedies \tliii-b no one would produce on such pert Eiibjtcis as ' Semirainid,' ''Julian the Aj,o»iate,' and ' Boadicea,' and iunnite'y tahoied comedies full of the spirit of the Kostoiaiion. His style was still that of the last decadence, when Lalor Shicl was a genius and Sheridan Knowles a prophet. He still clung to the superstition which placed Bulwer Lyttcn in the pantheon of tinsel divinities, liut the game was all over. M Hie in Bohemia ftiit, that was all. One night, or early one morning, he came honie to the old studio iu St. John's Wood, evidently under the influence of violent itvfci. He had caught cold, he thought, at the wili£S of the Duchess's Theatre, and tboifih he had tried the panacea of hot wbii-ky and water, applied in allopathic dowels, it had only seemed to make him worse. Be went to bud, aud the next day he was unulile to l-i-e, Wlxn Madeline went to his bedside she v as shocked at his appearance. He look d laggard and old, the great veins on his ttmi-fe wtre blue and swollen, aud he gasped like one who could hardly get his breath. The ghost of his old smile came to bis face as he reached out his trembling hands, which were hot. as fire. ''Don't be alarmed, my dear,' he said, cheerily, but in a strange faint voice. ' I'm not quite myself, but I shall be all right pre sently. I think its the effect of Burnard's jokes. He was at the ' Hanim-Scarum' last night ; so I'm afraid I partook too freely of pun- salad, which is worse than the nightmare producing lobster.' He tried to laugh, but the laugh died away into a moan, aiid he sank back upon his pillow. Later on in the day the symptoms became so alarming that a physician was sent for. He made light of the patient's couditiou, but wrote \nm a prescription, and ordered Lim to be kept as quiet as possible. y\ ithin the next twenty-four hours the symptoms became manifestly those of low, or ga&tiic;, fever. Madeline, wrote a hurried line for Forster, who came almost imme diately, accompanied by the celebrated Dr. 'lain, yi ell-known for his kindness to literary men. The good doctor looked somewhat grave, but expressed his opinion that the case would yield to treatment. From that time forward Madeline scarcely left her guardian's bedside, ministering to him with {infinite tenderness and care. The fever ran its course for fourteen days, during several of which White was more or less in seEsible. On the morning of the fourteenth day be opened bis eyes, saw Madeline seated by his bedside, and smiled brightly. ' AwTyou there, my dear V he asked. ' I was dreaming _ about_ you. I thought you were a little girl again, and I ? , dear me, how ireak I feel ! Have I been very ill ?' *' Very ill,' answered Madeline. ' But do not talk ; the doctor says you must not. Let me bring you your beef tea.' The doctor bad ordered him to have beef tea in liberal portions every hour ; it was the only way, he said, to combat the feyer. 'I think I shall soon be all right,' said White presently. 'I must take more care of uiyself for the future, though. I'm getting quite an old fellow, and must go to bed at ten.' When Dr. Tain entered, White looked up and nodded cheerfully. ' Here I am, you see ! Pallida Mors^ won't have me this time after all, and I was thinking that I could eat a mutton chop well pep pered.' The doctor replied cheerfully, and patted White gently on the shoulder, but Madeline, catching the expression of his face as he turned away, was somewhat troubled. 'Keep. him quiet,' he whispered to her at the door. 'I'll look in again in the after noon.' From this intimation it became clear. that the doctor was uneasy. Scarcely had he gone when the patient exhibited great restlessness aud difficulty of breathiug; aud when the doctor returned in the afternoon he found him rambling incoherently. Leaving the sick-room he went into the studio, where Forster, whose attentions had been unremitting, was impatiently waiting. 'My fears are realised,' said the physician, gravely. ' Peritonitis has supervened.' Before long it became manifest that White was sinking ; as the hours progressed he grew weaker and weaker, until the end seemed likely to come in stupor. With despairing love and pity, but almost with dry eyes, Madeline sat by the bedside ; and as she gazed upon the wild worn face, watched the thin white hand lying outside the coverlet, and heard the quiet monotonous breathing, she already seemed to feel the shadow of ' death upon her life. As one standing safe on some -dark river's shore watches the struggles of an almost spent drowning man, and forgets everything in the tease dread and horror of the contemplation, so she watched the sick bed ; unable to weep, unable to pray (but indeed her hopes and fears seldom at any time took the shape of prayer), but feeling always as if with the slow ebb of her guardian's life her life was ebbing too. For White, she felt, was her only friend in this hard world, the only being who knew the full extent of her ora sorrow, the only kind soul for -whom she cared to live. In all her geutle theatrical ambition her thought had been of him ;. how the could bring comfort to his heart, see the pride and pleasure kindle on his face, make his old age pleasant, and walk by his side the dark descent to the grave. And now, if he left her, what remained '! In these hours of korrovr, the frequent presence of Forster was a secret source of irritation to the troubled girl. His very devo tion troubled her, for she seemed to read in it, not mercy friendly kindness and affection, but an ever-encroaching assumption of a higher sympathy. He was a good man, a true friend, she knew ; but she would have loved him far better if h* had loved her less ; and her mind was quite made up — if her dear gu;udian died, no living man, friend or hus band, should ever lake bis place. The shadow became nearer, and it beoame clear at last that White was drifting away beyond all human hope. He suffered little or no pain, but momently grew weaker. At last cue morning1 he seemed to rally a little, and spoke clearly and collectedly of his approaching end. ' I am going to leave you, my dear,' he said softly, while she held bis hand fondly in her own. ' I wanted to live a little longer just to see a dear girl at the top of the tree, but I suppose it is all for the best. Well, I want you to promise me one thing before I go.' ' Do not talk so,' cried Madeline, kis?iug tbe hot hand and sobbing wildly. 'You will get welL AVc will be so happy together.' ' Don't cry, Madeline. I'm not afraid to die, and after all I'm an old fogey, and the world has left me far behind. I used to think I should live to regenerate the drama. Ah, well ! That dream is over. I shan't even finish ' Semiramis,' the best thing I ever wrote ; but you'll give the first acts and the scenario to Eugene Aram when I am gone.' He pausedj and Madeline cried between her sobs — ' If you die I shall die too. You are my only friend. 'You mustn't talk like that, my dear. You have a great future before you, and per haps — who knows? — I shall be able to see it from afar off? If the dead can watch over those they love I shall still take care of you— ah, yes!— and if there's a heaven, as the preachers say, I shall meet poor Fred, your father, there, and we shall both look down and bless you.' 'I have no father but you ! You are all the world to me ! You will not die !' But White continued quietly, as if pur suing bis own thoughts. ' And while dear Forster lives you will not be without a friend ; many a time has he lightened my load, and I wish you'd let him help you to carry yours. If you would pro mise me to become his wife I should be very '? I cannot ! You know I cannot '.' As she uttered the words he became con scious of a movement in the room, and look ing round saw Forster standing at the foot of the bed. 'Is that you, Forster?' asked White, faintly. ' Come here, I wish to speak to you f and he added, when Forster bad passed round aud stood looking down sadly upon him, ' You'll be kind to Madeline, old fellow, after ? ' And he turned his face on the pillow to hide his tears. Forster did not reply in words, but with tears glistening on his own cheeks, la id his hand softly on the sick man's shoulder. Presently, White looked round, and fixing his great dim eyes on Madeline's face, ?whispered — '' My dear ! Will you so— only a little while? I wish to speak to Forster.' Sbe bent over the bed and kissed him tenderly on the forehead ; then with a sob, as if her heart was breaking, she left the room. She went into the next chamber, a small room overlooking the garden, and, sitting at the window, looked out through streaming tears. Many minutes passed, and at last, anxious and impatient, she rose to return to her post. As she did. so, Forster appeared at the door, and beckoned. 'Will you come now ?'' he whispered. ' Hs is asking for you.' Sbe stepped softly in, and approached the bedside. With a smile of ineffable love and tenderness, the dying man turned his face up to hers-: and, reaching out his tremulous hands, five one to her, the other to Forster ; then e said in a voice so indistinct that they had to stcop their heads to catch the words— ' I have spoken to Forster ... he will take care of you, my dear ... .a good fellow . . . always my best fr'.end, God oless him . . . now I can go in peace.' Then feebly but firmly ho drew the two hands together, and joined them ; that of M«deline lay in that of Forster, with the fingers of the dying man encircling both ; apd she did not draw hers away for fear of disturbing her dear guardian's last moments. In this position he closed his eyes, and seemed to dtzc. A little while after the breath flut teicd, the feeble frame trembled, and the gettle spirit was gone for ever. * * v * What followed was to Madeline a dark aud paiuful dream. Ever wild and impression able in her grief as well as her joyful im pulses, she yielded to such a storm of grief as threatened for a time to overthrow her reason. During this tune of sorrow Madame Beauvoir watched her with maternal ternder ness, and the touch of her tender ministra tion brought a certain comfort. But. -when the first wild shock was over, tbe brave disposition of the girl asserted iti-elf, and Lushing the tumult of her paiu tlic veut with Madame Buauvoir to see the place which Forstcr had chosen for his friend's last resting-place. It was a pretty tot, iu a green, comer of the cemetery at iinii^tcad, with green boughs all round, ?flowers on every side, and the spires of the gi*at t ity in tfce distance ; and standing here, near ike place chosen for the grave, Madeline could hear the chimes of Londouy soundin* faint and far away. When the day of the funeral came Made line went as chief mourner, for her soul re volted at the cruel custom which keeps oar womankind from following the dead. Sue stood by the side of the grave, heard tiie solemn words of blessing, and saw the co3ia lowered to its place; and she raised her weeping face to the bright skies, praying ami believing that her guardian's spirit had goae there. Near her that day stood a motley cro»vd of artistic Bohemians, bearded men, for the most part, shabby of apparel, but full of honest grief. Some of them, with true tears in their eyes, came softly up to speak a fe -v words of sympathy to the mourning girl ; and she loved the rough fellows for their resem blance to him who had passed away. Then Madeline went back to the home th-it was home bo longer, and thought' day and niglit of the beloved dead. * * * * ?- It was many weeks after these sad events that Forster came one -lay to St. John's Wood, and found Madeline still sitting in the shadow of her great grief ; but she had found one sweet comfort in looking over her guardian's papers and placing them in order with her living band. For she remembered one life-long dream of the poor Bohemian — to see bis beloved plays arranged together and published in book form ; and she thought to herself that the world would know what a beautiful genius it had lost when it saw the creatures of his imagination gathered togetber for the first time. When Forster came they talked for soma time of the proposed publication. An old friend of White, eminent as a critic and a dramatic poet, was to revise the work, and prepare it with a short biography, and at the end of the book were to be printed a few last memorials, and some obituary verses by mem bers of the Bohemian Club to which White had belonged. Presently, however, Forater changed the subject, and spoke oi the wish which was still nearest his heart. Then, when Madeline turned away as if shocked and pained, he took her hand and said, earnestly — ' It was his wish, do not forget that. He knew I loved you, and he joined our hands together.' ' No, no,' said Madeline. ' Do not speak of it — he knew it was impossible— he could not wish it.' 'Madeline, be did- wish it, with all his heart. Listen to me, my darling. That day before be joined our hands together, he asked. to speak to me alone— do you remember ?' 'Yes.' ' Do you know what he wished to say to me?' Madeline shook her head sadly. 'He wished to tell me something concern ing yourself. Forster,' he said,'! tell you these things because I trust you before God, because I think that it is best that you should know, and because I feel you -will never love my darling less. Then, Madeline, he told me why jou refused to marry me, why you had said you would never marry any living man.' Pale as death, Madeline turned her face away. ' He told you that !' she murmured, shivering as if chilled. 'He told me everything, my darling; and now, knowing everything, knowing your great sorrow, and knowing and loving a thousandfold, I ask you again to become my vrife.' ? (To be continued.; 