Sill H BY DAVID CHRISTIE MURRAY, Author of " A Life's Atonement," " Joseph'* Coat," &c.; [Published by special arrangements with the author. All rights reserved. Chatter' VII. ' Dear boy," said Mr. Bassett, sitting in young- Weatherley's chambers at the Albany, "you missed a chance last night," . Young Weatherley was gloomy aud inclined to be silent, and he answered only by a dismal shake of the head. "I had carefully prepared her-for a dis-" closure of your feelings," resumed the trage dian, "and, had you spoken, you would have received all affirmative answer. I trust you. do not in tend me to understand that you have fallen oil' in your pursuit." " Now, Bassett, it isn't fair to say that to me," cried young Weatherley. "It isn't really, Bassett. If you'd have 3een the way they looked at each other . We'd only just shaken hands that minute when she saw him. I only wish it was possible to call .a fellow out—don't you, Bassett? Hang him, the scoundrel; you'd have thought, to see the way he looked at her, that n'rl Vinnr< 4-1^ <-» ATI a +A ItnVl OTTO tT fl'q a she'd been the one to behave badly. He's a bigger fellow than I am, but if it hadn't been, for the fear of making a disturbance in public I'd have kicked bim, if he'd been as big as St. Paul's. By gad, I would, Bassett!" Mr. Weatherley looked and felt exceedingly warlike. "Was Mary very much disturbed, dear boy?" asked the tragedian. "DisturbedI" cried young Weatherley. She went as white as a ghost, and I could see her tremble, but she looked at him like a queen, by gad, as much as to say, 'You damn rascal!' and she held her eyes on him till he turned away, by gad, like a dog. And that's what he is, by gad, 'a cur, a mean cur; isn't he, Bassett ?" The tragedian took his young friend by the hand, averting his face, and then strode to the window, where he drummed with agitated fingers on the board to show how moved he was. The youngster began to fidget about the room, taking up books and laying them down again, standing to inspect with unobservant eye the drawings on the wall, walking rapidly into corners without object, and giving other evidences of a dis turbed mind. The actor held his tongue, and in a little time Mr. Weatherley's excitement of spirit boiled over into speech. " Look here, Basssett," said the lad, advancing to him with a pale and disordered countenance. "I can't stand it any longer. It's wearing me to a shadow, by George it is. ..I can't :eat and I can't sleep, and if I go to a theatre, I feel, by gad, like a mute at a funeral, upon my word I do. You don't mind waiting here, do you, Bassett? You can make yourself comfortable for a couple of hours, can't you? And I'll take a cab; and I'll drive up to Blooinsbury square, and I'll have it over." "Dear boy," said Mr. Bassett, shaking hands anew,' " I do petition all the gods for thy prosperity." Alter that interview with his daughter Mr. Bassett felt tolerably sure of her acceptance of young Weatherley's hand. There is nothing in the world so open to conviction as a man's own conscience, and the first re morses were over and done with. Jack Cameron had behaved very ill, arid he, Mont gomery Bassett, had been somehow or other deeply wronged, and the resentment natural to the circumstances kept him warm. Mary was not ill any longer,,and her sufferings, though sharp, had been brief (of at least he was willing to think so), and now she would be a great deal better, off than she could ever have hoped to be but for the benevolent prac tices of her father. So that altogether he experienced a glow of self-approval, and felt himself a watchful and tender guardian of his child's best interests. He sat alone in young Weatherley's luxu rious sitting-room, and devoted himself mode rately, since he had his evening's work before bim, to young Weatherley's whisky, which was old and ripe and mellow, and smoked his cigars, which, like everything else the young fellow had, were of the best. He had put the case plainly and forcibly to his daughter, and she would say "Yes" to the wealthy wooer's proffer, and her poor old father's worldly troubles would all be over. Thepoor old father, with his glass in his hand and a cigar between his lip3, looked round the room with a glance of approval. He fancied it his own, and surveyed it already with the pleased eye of a proprietor. George would not want bachelor chambers when he was married, and this would make a snug little place enough for his' father-in-law. Mr. Bassett would arrange that. .A man in Weatherley's posi tion could not afford to have a poor father-ia law; arid £500 a year, which would be ample provision for Mr. Bassett's retirement, would be but a fleabite from the young fellow's for tune. air. Bassett would arrange that also. Once' or. twice he mended and stirred the fire, and the afternoon was already growing dark before the owner of the rooms returned. The tragedian heard the latchkey at the . door, and a second or two later Weatherley entered. "Well, dear boy," said Mr. Bassett, in his x-ichest and most ponderous tones, "am I to congratulate you!" Young Weatherley returned no answer, but sat down with his hat on. An awful doubt began to rise in the tragedian's heart. " What is this, dear boy?" be askbd. . Was Mary away from home for the after noon ? Had the courtier's courage failed him ? Anything rather than the real ques tion, "She's thrown me over," said young Wea therley, with something very like a sob. " Kef used you!" cried Bassett. " She was very kind and nice and all that," said the youngster tremulously, " but she says shell never marry. She heard everything £ had to say, and then she said ' No.' They say Russia's going to war directly, and by George, I'll go out and fight for the Turks, and get-shot, by gad ?" His voice quivered pitiably and there were tears in his eyes. Bassett could see them sparkle darkly by the firelight. His own heart was dead within him. " I—I can't understand it at all, dear boy," he stammered. " It's plain enough," said young Weather ley, with a catch in his voice. "She can't forget that fellow, though she hates him, and she'll never care to look at another fellow. That's what she said, ' I shall never marry.'" The tragedian's distress was as profound as that of the rejected lover. All his vi3ionj crumbled, and he stood amidst their ruins in dismay. " Girls are not to he had for one asking, dear hoy," lie said, after an agitated pause, during which lie had striven to gee the better of these fears. "You were too soon dismayed." "Ko. said young \Yeatherlcy hopelessly, "I know better than that, Bassett. She doesn't care about me, and the money hasn't any weight with her, and, by gad, I honor her for that, upon my word I do." "Ican't help believing, said Mr. Bassett, " that your cause is not yet lost, dear boy. Pluck up heart of grace, and I will speak to her this evening. When last I spoke to lier —it was the first and last and only time—3ha left me under the impression that the thing was settled in your favor." Mr. Weatherley took off his hat and unaf fectedly wiped his eyes, making no response to his companion. "You don't resign^the chase, dear boy?" said Bassett, trying to speak in a tone of badinage. "She said 'No,' and she meant it," an swered Weatherley. "That's enough for me." "Don't despair, dear boy," cried the actor, recovering a little hope and courage. " Girls: do not always know their minds. I have never pretended to disguise my feelings in respect to the honor you proposed to do my daughter and myself. 1 think, as I have always thought, that the match would be a most fortunate and a most advantageous one for her, and I am now more assured than ever of your regard, and more convinced than ever that if you could secure her consent you would make her happy. At present she is not happy, and, as sweet Will says, dear boy,4 She is all the daughters of her father's house, and all the brothers too,' and I am anxious for her wel fare. I will speak to her, dear boy. She will listen to her father." "I don't think it's ©f any use, Bassett," said the rejected lover, wiping his eyes again ; "and if she's unhappy already, I don't want to have her bothered about me." "Godforbid," said Mr. Bassett, .piously, "that I should press my child upon a luke warm lover! But this 1 know—she was not so resolved when last we spake together." (To be continued. J W— II ——- l Mr. Archibald Forbes was entertained at dinner by the members of the South Aus tralian Club, at the clubhouse, Pirie-street, on Thursday evening. There was a large attendance, and the chair was occupied W the Mayor of Adelaide (Mr. E. T. Smith, M.P.), who, after the toast of the Queen had been honored, proposed the health of Mr. Forbes, which was drunk with much enthu siasm. Mr. Forbes returned thanks in a very happy speech. Tho proceedings throughout were of a most enjoyable character 