A CHAT WITH LONGFELLOW. (Correspondent London Times.) I first made the acquaintance of Mr. Long- fellow at Naples. We chanced to be neighbours at a table d'hote, when, after some slight conversation on general topics, the poet revealed himself. In truth, the author of "Evangeline" wanted but little prompting to announce are un- questioned titles to the public esteem and veneration. In this respect he reminded me of Hans Christian Andersen. Both the men knew they had genius, as a pretty woman knows she , has beauty, and they were too thoroughly children of nature to care about concealing their good opinion of themselves. Those who remember the lives of Wolfe and Nelson will be aware that this amiable self- consciousness is not char- ' acteristic only of literary genius. It transpired in the course of our discussing macaroni and other things that Mr. Longfellow had planned an excursion to Vesuvius for the following day. I was hesitating to offer myself as a companion when he invited me to join him. I was all the more glad to do so on learning that the party was to include three pretty American ladies from Boston. We started next morning in two open carriages, myself having the good luck to be with the poet and two of the fair Bostonians. It was a day such as the untravelled Englishman has never enjoyed and can barely conceive ; the brightest July weather of Devonshire would have seemed murky beside the crystalline transparency of the Neapolitan air. The sun, indeed, blazed fiercely ; but a breeze from the sea enabled us to realise Mr. Matthew Arnold's ideal combination of sweetness and freshness with light. Mr. Longfellow was in his happiest vein ; he talked incessantly, though not in the encroach- ing manner of Coleridge and Macaulay. I had plenty opportunity of interpolating remarks and questions, while the ladies also stimulated the poet with their vivacious and thoroughly transatlantic prattle. Mr. Charles Reade laughs at the idea of an author's character being discovered by what he has written, but in that opinion there is assuredly some error. In Mr. Longfellow, at all events, I could see no difference between the poor and the pleasant elderly gentleman who was discoursing gaily on all things in heaven and earth and as I listened, a sufficiently obvious reflection was forced upon me : What was this most perfect A product of American civilisation but a serious, severe-I had almost said bigoted Conservative, and a most fervent Christian ? Longfellow's talk was his poetry rendered into flowing prose. I conjured up Paul Flemingin "Hyperion," and, at length, mustered courage to ask : " Was Paul I Homing a character drawn from life ?" He paused a full half minute, then answered exactly in the following words : " He was what I thought I might have been; but I never. . " he shaded his face with one hand and did not complete the sentence. From the sadness of the poet's tone I conjectured that there was some implied confession of failure in his reticence, I guessed that he was struggling between the natural humanity of a religious man and the unwillingness of a well-bred man to intrude the sorrows of his mind upon others. Mr. Long- fellow was right : he never attained to those cold heights on which he had placed the creation of his fancy ; he found a better resting-place. The younger of the ladies, fooling herself privileged, asked him to recite one of his own poems -a request with which he laughingly agreed to complying," he added, "I can remember one accurately." The same thought came simultaneously to all three of its. " We will prompt you," we said, at which, I am bound to say, the poet coloured with pleasure. " Well, which shall it be ?" he next asked. One of the fair Bos- tonians selected " The Belfry of Bruges" another the Psalm of Life." I begged him to recite "The Hymn of the Moravian Nuns" on the consecration of Bulaski's banner. " Ah," he said, " that is one of my favourites-if a man can be said to have a favourite among his own poems." Possibly out of compliment to my being an Englishman, he volunteered the lines on Wellington, which I think are headed " The Warden " in the printed collection of his works. It is not one of his best efforts ; but his manner of reciting it gave it the kind of time which often immortalises a poor song. Then we had the closing lines of "Evangeline," John Alden courtship in "Miles Standish," and some fragments of " The Children of the Lord's Supper," gravely and pathetically rendered. I asked him how long he had taken to compose the " Golden Legend. He replied, "it seems easy, doesn't it ?" I answered that I thought the writer must have absolutely saturated his mind with medieval literature, especially with monkish legends and hymns, after which I supposed the composition of the poem must have been comparatively easy. "Well," he rejoined, "you are about right. The first draft I did in four weeks-not counting theSundays- Idon'tlikotoworkon Sundays-not even to write a hymn. But I spent about six months correcting-and cutting down." The dashes in this little speech stand for the pauses so frequent in Mr. Longfellow's utterances causes which were the result of constant intro- spection. One fancied the poet had been asking his conscience whether he had been telling the truth and nothing but the truth. A terribly exact man in moral dealings with himself afraid even of an inaccuracy which might possibly cause a fellow man to make a mistake 20 years after. At luncheon that marvel of birds and likest to a black swan, a Frenchman, who enjoyed and understood English literature, cried out gaily to Longfellow, "You have no business to be a Republican! You Like Baldwin, 'Pros do For,' and Maximilian, and the old Popes better than any of your ephemeral Presidents." "I won't take advantage of you," was Longfellow's answer, " by pointing out that Republics are at least as old as Monarchies ; but consider the past which we now glorify was once as prosaic as the present. Hereafter we shall be the post, and better judged than we have judged ourselves." He was some what solemn as he made this little preachment and the last words he spoke with much pathos, as though feeling that he himself was a great part of that present which must eventually be the past, and for which he predicted a just judgment from posterity. We lunched at a small inn on the side of Vesuvius, where the wine, by the way, was not of a kind to fire a poet's fancy. After this we went to sniff and sneeze in the usual way of tourists, over the sulphurous gases of the water, suggesting a poem on Empedocles and wondering what rhymes Longfellow could hammer out for the name of this young man with the indestructible boots," as the poet called him. It will be remembered that Mount Etna throw up one of his sandals and thus revealed the manner of his death. Our French companion was busy with a paradox of his own as to Empedocles having been a young shoemaker nobly desirous of advertising the wave of his father's shop a J'Américaine-i.e., regardless of cost and we were about to descend the steeps, laughing over this fancy when, to our considerable dismay, Mr. Longfellow expressed his intention of sponding the night upon the mountain. Within a short distance of the crater, then only smouldering with occasional unsavoury whiffs and puffs stood a ruined plank- shed, used in fine ' weather by a screaming old woman who sold ornaments made of lava, and this place it was that the poet chose for his vigil. Without a Birnie on his face, he said, "I want to gather poetic impressions." We looked becomingly serious, and only begged to be permitted to keep watch with him. " No," with two or three shakes of the head, "I must be alone." A whispered consultation between some members of the party followed. " He is quite in earnest and must do as he pleases," said a brother of the fair Bostonians, and he added that there was no danger just then of the greatest of American poets meeting with the same fate as the younger 'lady. "But the brigands?" suggested the Frenchman. " Dear me ! he will catch such a dreadful cold," chimed in one of the ladies. Finally, we decided to leave the poor to his reveries, after ordering a Maltese courier to stand sentinel unobserved, within hailing distance. It is probable that this courier fulfilled, at least, the half of his duties faithfully, for his presence was certainly never noticed by Mr. Longfellow. The author of ' ' Excelsior " turned up in the morning, looking none the worse for his nights frolic with the ghosts of Herculaneum and Pompeii ; but he persistently carried every question put to him as to whether he had found inspiration." All he would say was that, on coming down from the mountain, he had been nearly marched off to the police station. " I purchased my liberty for two life," he remarked, smiling: "The price of that commodity has been decreased since Cour de Lion time." 