TTJBF GOSSIP, BY AVOTJB. The pleasant Bport oi trotting will be in* augurated to-day in A manner worthy of a colony like Victoria. In days gone by it was conducted in a deplorable stylo, and robberies were perpetrated in the most barefaced' manner, so that the sport began to stink in the nostrils oi all right-thinking men. Now a change haa come o'er the scene, and the trotting barometer promises fine weather j ahead. A number of loveis of the sport, in the face of many difficulties, have established ; the Victorian Trotting Club. They have secured a long lease of Els tern wick-park. close to the Elsternvrick railway station, and of a large snm " providing accommodation for the pnblic w nich can by the judicious expenditure of a large'sum 1 of money they have succeeded in; only be surpassed at Flemington. In carry ing out these arrangements they have been fortnnate in having the valuable assistance of Dr. Weir, a British gentleman, who has lived long in America, ana being passionately fond of the trotting horse, haa had consider able .experience in the land of our cousins across the Pacific. For some months he has devoted all hia time to the park, and visitors thereto will, I am sure, be delighted with the success that haa attended his efforts. I am aony that I shall not be able to be present to J trotting ever another kind as the club has done everything possible to improve the hone trotting under proper conditions, such aa a splendid track, well defined rules and conditions, and perfect " fixins." The StallionB Purse will attract several of the sires recently imported from America, among them being Startle, who comes with a record of 2m. 26)*., and if he can art anything near this to- day, he ought to win. Perhaps Mr. Hall has not had him quite long enough to have him in proper " fix," but he has worked hard to get turn fit, and Just now he is looking " aa fine and idee m a skein of newly . spun silk." Contractor is re ported to be a greatly-improved horse, and rumour hath it that he may astonish those who fancied he oonldo't toot inside three minute*. Von Moltke is in capital form, and he, too, ha* improved consider ably. Vermont Junior, one of the fineat looking horses ever imported, is also in good form, and his friends hope to we him beat his American record of 2m, 83s. Of the others I know but little. Of course the time will depend upon the state of the track. As it is newly made, it cannot be expected to be as fast as a well-set track that haa been used for years, and rain will make it heavy; bat if the weather be fine, and the track in good order, I expect to hear of mot* than one heat being trotted inside 2m. 40a. The Maiden Trot will introduce several hones that have been quietly kept for this event, and the stake open to all that have not beaten 2m. 40a. will bring forth several trotters of re nown, including, perhaps, Wanderer, Brown Hawk, and Native Gat, and Mr. Hall may bring out Grainger. It is just possible, too, that Contractor may be reserved for this. To those who we fond of sport, and like a pleasant drive or ride, I say go to Els tern wick park this afternoon, and if they are not well sstisfied, I shall consider myself a very false prophet Th* trotting match between Boccaccio and Von Moltk/sia to take plaoe at the V.T.C. grounds, EUtsrawick-peA. on Saturday, the 15th of April; and, in order to provide an attr*ctiv»caid|th>«Bbha* determined tosop plement it with a eouple of stakes, one being a purs* of 60 torn, for any horse that can trot th* mile in 2m. 30a. or nnder. I believe the celebrated American gelding Commodore will e***jr the fe*t Before baring America, this horse made a record of 2m. 23*. , and within ftwwk he won three haata, all inside 2m. 26*. ?o Me him toot is a treat of the higheet order, attd if be can beat 2m. 80a. on a newly-mad* track, like that of the V.T.C., it will be a performance that Mr. Bobbins may feel proedM. of the veriest kind could not hav* deaired a batter, day's racing than that which Mkflaei itOwHsM on Satur day bat. The, dull state of the weather, no doubt, prevented * big attendance, but those who were presict thoroughly enjoyed the sport Evrobtfy wa* glad to see that the little breaon between Mr. George Wataonand the atnwd* bad been healed, «nd4b* appease* of .tarter on Ha yog* poajrwaehailed with satisfaction byallpartiea. * ain of Erin ehowed a to* *wn <* s^^rihs Selling Rao*, and m n^jasUr.uAW had The Ghost'* jouiwp jblOwi wtll.jKiS&ictp;^lhl not hav»li**B th* sap* WiP^ at £1», aifSftS onghttoj Baoe. FMjrf-^^MMnVoMaintbe M te ?mm raoe, Mr. Wilson acted very wisely in M> curing him. Sir Joseph performed like a racehorse in the Sooth Yarra Handicap, and finished quite in his two*year- old nam. Everjbody regretted to hear that his owner had not backed him for a shilling. Bar One performed respectably, and Hyacinth, with a 61b. penalty, showed how much he had in hand in the Newmarket Handicap. The Steeplechase produced a capital race between Actress and Twilight, and Batty, very judiciously allowing the latter to make most of the running, came at the right moment, and won cleverly, the weight tellingon the little mare in the last furlong. John Feel didn't give his opponents much of a chance in the Richmond Handicap, for he led all the way, end his owner, Mr. E. Evans, landed a nice little stake by his victory. The Ghost, who was made a strong favourite, beat Harp of Erin this time, bnt he ran very unkindly, swerving in and ont as they came up the straight, and finishing in anything bnt a game manner. Apropos of John Peel, who is by Oliver Twist from Melody, and was named after the song "John Peel," the author of this spirited bunting ditty, Mr. John Woodcock Graves, is still alive, and 1 saw him in Hobart only a few weeks ago. Although over 90 years of age, he is still in full possession of his facnlties, and walks into town without much difficulty. I regret to say, however, that the poor old gentleman is not in very affluent cir cnmatancea, and in a late number of the EngliBh paper Land and Water, I saw a suggestion that something should be done for him by the hunting men of the old country. Hunting men in Australia' might make the winter of the old gentleman's life a pleasant one. - Mr. Weeks got into trouble at the late V.A.T.C. meeting. He Beemed dissatisfied with the judge's decision and expressed him self rather strongly. Not being a disciple of Oscar Wilde's he gave vent to language " too utterly utter," and was brought before the stewards, who fined him £10. 1 thought he got off very lightly. Although not a polished gentleman, Mr. Weeks runs his norses much straighter than many owners who profess to be honest men: but once he lets loose that tongue of his he becomes a nuisance; and I hope he will take my advice and endeavour to curb his propensity for using language that is strong, for another Buch exhibition may lead to his disqualifica tion. As he is fond of the sport and likes racing as well as any man I know, he will do well to take the hint. J. Morrison, who has to nse crutches in consequence of the accident he met with at Sale, left for Sydney on Monday, and took Wellington and Result with him. W. Lang has sent Pell Mell to fulfil his Randwick en gagements, so that, with Wellington, Pro Sees, Pell Mell, Wheatear, Bathuret, Royal aid, and others in the weight-for-age races, we may expect some capital sport If Pell Mell will only ran ap to hiB St. Leger form be will be hard to beat; bat if only op to his Town Plate performance " he won't" Mr. John Mayo haa not gained anything by going to law with the A.J.C. A tele gram in The Argn* states that " the question of the disqualification of Mr. Mayo and his horses by the A.J.C. came before Mr. Manning, the primary judge, in the form of an injunction motion to-day. On a previous occasion His Honour said that he had grave doubts as to the jurisdiction of the Court in such a matter, and expressed the hope that a fall bench woald be able to disease the point Their Honours were however, so much" engaged on (hat day that thie Coarse was impossible After counsel had exhausted the matter, his Honour came to the conclusion that the only point in favour of the pUintiff was the fact that the land forming the racecourse had been dedicated to public purposes. It was clear that the Court of Equity could only deal with private property, and this case could only, in a very remote sense, be said to come under that category. In dis missing the suit, his Honour said that even if Mr. Mayo had a strong right he would be very indisposed to create a new jurisdiction in the Court. He therefore refused the mo tionforan injunction." The Sale races tirere successful financially, and after paying expenses the club has a credit balance of £150. I'm glad to hear that the ricketty apology for a stand is to be re moved, and a decent building erected in its stead. The stakes won at the late meeting were paid over on the 24th ult. Mr. W. Pearson was in the chair. The following amounts were paidMr. W. Pearson, £308 10s. : Mr. E. Week*, £84 ; Messrs. J. and K. James, $64 ; Mr. G. Davis, £52 ; Mr. J. Calvert, £58 ; Mr. W. E. Power, £37 ; Mr. F. C. Goyder, £4 ; Mr. T. Chamney, £4 ; and Mr. J. M'Giade, £2. A special meeting of the members of the club was held, to elect trustees for the Green Wattle racecourse, at which the following gentlemen were elected: -The Hon. W. Pearson, M.L.C.; Messrs. W. J. Carrol, R. Tapping, W. H. Thompson, and W. E. Patter. Next year it is believed that the club will be able to increase the stakes, and let us hope that audi exhibitions as Bird of Prey treated the visitors to will be thoroughly investigated by whoever may be elected as stewards. Mr. W. Galling announces that be will sell the stud horse Lecturer by auction during the show jreek in Sydney. Lecturer is full brother to Kisgiborough and Savanaka, and some of hi* stock have already shown a dis position to raee. The programme of the South Australian Jockey Club will require attention next week, as all the minor handicaps close at 4 p.m. on Thursday next, April 6. First on the list is the Hurdle Race, of 100 so vs.; and this is fol lowed by {he Novel Handicap Selling Race of 100 sovsTllying JBM * ~ - Of <lilV ?WVAt UUIUIB uwn (thirdra)«i0D «ovs., Corintkian Cop of 100 so vs.. Steep! echMS of 900 so vs., and S.A.J.C. HandickD oI jUiO 'Bova, Hers we have a theAd*to%Cj«^ hems they ^;flo4h| ««n« the prises. offloe, Melbourne; S.A.J.CL offioe, A, J.C. trfBoe, Sydney. tary should take steps to lu&ibmw;*te out of the grand stand enclosure, ? ? The trotting pony Muter George, who WM purchased by a New South WaUs man * short time ago, wn matched to trot Mr. Kelso's New Chum at Hand wick oo Saturday last. The stoke at issue was £100, and the distance three miles. Odds of 100 to 90 wens laid on New Cham, who led all the war, and won easily. Time, 9m. 54s. The secretary of the Pleasant Creek Racing Clob is requested to send a return of the December meeting for insertion in the Turf Btgister. A number of the rough division travelled to Sale by the ordinary train on the night pre ceding the races, and at theWarragol station they took possession of the refreshments, devoured them, and half of them did not pay, while the respectable portion of the passengers failed to get anything. This occurs at nearly every race meeting, and if it should continue it will be Mr. Chomiey'e duty to see that race courses are not invaded by these blackguards. Their little games of doodl^-'em-buck, bays and greys, &c.;, are quite remunerative enough to enable them to pay for a cap of coffee, and they will have only themselves to blame, if the police receive orders to stop all games of chance upon every racecourse throughout Victoria. ,.. At the Orange (N.S.W.) meeting, Mr. H. House was in grsat form with his Grand Master stock. He won the Champagne Handicap and Flying Handicap with Mavour neeD, a daughter of Grand Blaster and Col* leen Bawn; and his colt 8ting, by Grand Master from Queen Bee (Waxya dam), won the Town Plate Handicap and the O.J.C. Handicap. Mr. W. E. Dakin left for Adelaide on Saturday, and took Sir T. Elder's horses with him. Bird of Prey has gone into Mr. F. F. Dakin's stable. Although the Wagga autumn meeting was miserably attended, there was some fair racing, and the good things went into the bands of real sportsmen. Mr. G. M. Lloyd was pretty fortunate, aa he won the principal handicap with The Marchioness, and a couple of handicaps. Mr. James Mitchell earned off the Mares' Produce Stakes with Cambric, and Mr. H. Bowler's Bend Sinister walked over for the St. Leger. The weights for the handicaps to be ran at Williamstown on Easter Monday have been issued. Nominators most bear in mind that the acceptances are doe on Monday, 3rd April. Nominations for the handicaps of the Avoca Tnrf Clob Meeting, which takes place on the 25th and 26th of April, most be made to the secretary at Avoca, or to Mr. G. Vowles, up to 10 p.m. on Friday, the 7th April. Owners who intend running horses at Kensington park on Saturday, April 8, will will have to nominate on Tuesday, 4th. Those who intend visiting Deniliquin on the 27th and 28th April will hare to attend to their entries on Monday next, the 3rd April, by half-past 7 p.m., when they must be in the hands of the secretary. The secretary for the Wyndham Racing Club will receive nominations for this meet ing, to be run on the 22od April, at Mrs. Bowee's Australian Hotel, at 4 p.m., and at Wyndham until half-past 8 p.m. on Monday next, April 3. I'm glad to say that, notwithstanding the small attendance at C&ul;&eld; on Saturday, the V.A.T.C., thanks to the selling races, cleared over £300. Mr. Bond contemplates the expenditure of £1,000 in the erection of luncheon, ladies', and oommittee roomB. The spring programme will be published shortly, and I understand it will be a perfect model of liberality. Mr. Dignum has been very unfortunate with his Proto-Martyr-Ulrica colt, pur chased at the sale of Mr. James Paterson's yearlings. The colt was taken with an attack of strangles, to which he quickly suc cumbed. Morris Griffin, the trainer, who was in the railway accident on the Brigton line on the 18th inst, will be incapacitated through the injuries he received from driving at the meeting of the Victorian Trotting Associa tion this afternoon. The following racehorses leave for Mauri tius, per ship Earn, on the 30th, viz Blue Ribbon, Greyhound, Trout, Valentine,, and B&ndalbion;, the quintette representing some of the beet imported blood in Derby and Angler (sons of fisherman); also Haw* thomden, Epigram, and Barbarian, by Sir Hercules. They are in charge of Joseph Griffin. A committee meeting of the Victoria Ama teur Turf Club was held on Wednesday, when the accounts of the late race meeting were passed, showing a profit of £330, making a total profit to the club since June last of £2,200. The oommittee, at the urgent request of their members, accepted plans prepared by Mr. G. A. Badger, architect, Queenstreet, for the construction of a luncheon- room 100ft long and 20ft. wide, capable of seating nearly 200 persons, also a spacious ladies room and offices, a room for the Governor, and a members' room, all of which "will be over the luncheon-toOm, and can be ap proached from the corridor of the dob. Tenders will at once be called for tin work, so as to make certain of having it completed by the Caulfield Cup Meeting In October next Messrs. Campbell, Pratt, and Co. sold bj auction, on Wednesday, at the buaar, some thoroughbred stock, on account Of Mr. Duncan M'Pherson, who is leaving for Eng land. Santa Claus was the fihrt MbaatttM, and be was knocked down to Me, Susan for 900 guineas. Bobbie Burns was aoM for 305 guineas to Mr. Donaldson.' A fctro ?ear-old colt, by Bobbto Bam bom Toons Coromanael, was sold to Kb' Wagner for 474 Mukv, * one, 6 yrs, by Ohm Brwast (dam of Bouku, went to IrciftjSi^mjrat 71b., eccocd ; and Bulgaria, 7st. 2lb., third foar others being behind them. The dis tance was one mile five furlongs, and the time 3m. 15 2-104. Hit next essay was in the Dncken field-park Stakes next day, distance one mile three furlongs, won by Twilight (who is by The Drummer), carrying 7st; Hawtlicmden, Gat 41b. ; and Bulgaria, 7st 4!b.-resulting in a fine race. Time, 2m. 31 6-10a. Dr. Weir has had bad luck at the begin ning of the week in losing his fine trotting 8tallion Priraero, who died suddenly. The doctor had previously refused GOO guineas for him. 