CHAPTER V-A STRUGGLE FOR 'LIFE. The earl and countess lefb Leamington Towers at 2, for London, where, after having committed the secret of the robbery to an eminent detective, his lordship, with his charge, started for <the Con tinent. Instead "of crossing the channel directly from Dover to Calais, Lord Dudley, for some reason best known to himself, sailed for Havre ; further than that ..he did not acquaint his wife with hia plans, but too .well she knew them already, and had no need to ask whither their journey tended, Hie lordship had procured the services of a middle-aged woman to attend his wife as nurse. She was a quiet, unassuming personage, appa rently, bnt Lady Durward felt an unaccountable dislike to her, and required no more of her atten tion than was absolutely necessary. She retained the same apathetic manner which ,had characterised her so long, but not^ai move ment, however trivial, escaped her now watchful, restless eyes. u Their passage promised to bo a hardtone, jand it seemed as if tho gale of the previous night had followed them. Tho day had been rathe'ra bois terous one, but his lordship kept hoping the wind would go down, and the weather .clear before they sailed. It was a vain hope, however, fór'.as the night settled down, the heavens became.'thickly overcast, the wind arose to a perfecb tempest, and the waves rolled mountains high. , For the first few hours tho captain and crew betrayed no anxiety, for the vessel was a staunch ?one, and had weathered many a storm of¡ equal violence. Bub an impenetrable darkness-hung over tho sea, the waves rose higher and fiercer, sweeping ruthlessly over and coming in oontaofc 1 with her bows, like masses of molten lead> which I made her tremble from stem to stern, as!if sud ! denly arrested by a wall of iron ; when, subsiding ! for a moment as if gathering new force, they would surge onward with greater impetus, lifting her to a dizzy height, and then plunging her down, down into the unfathomable depths be neabh. It became evident ab last that all control of the vessel was lost, and thatj she was/being tossed at tho mercy of tho heaving sea.. Tho captain could no longer conceal his fear and dis may, whilo despair was written upon the faoes of the crew, although they battled ;nobly tö eave bhe steamer and her precious freight from-a wa tery grave. .'???!: AH afc once there carne a mighty, fearfuV^crash, then a moment of horrible silence, 'followed by a scene of confusion and terror nbveivt'orbï'foligot ten-i-shrieks, groan's, and cries for .hèl^çaiis for life-preservers, and loud' and aúthóri|á^y^o^en from the captain, mingled with.the 'océanos¡yild roar. . ;,. ? ' Tho ship had been drivea, out of her course, and had struck upon the rocks ! ' . '> )5t ' The early dawn found them not sb yery^far from ; land, but firmly wedged upon the rock's,'ana|the vessel lying over on her beam endö, wnile to add to the misery of all, it was now announced that a leak had been discovered. .-. HM'.,. iVs'A Orders wero given to man the life-boats, and the Earl of Durward : sought bia wifo, who had closely kept her state-room ever sincé*the'hour of starting.. ...>. 1 .:.>''_ He told ber of tho disaster^ wbile inflating a life-preserver for her and one for himself. Nob a tremor of fear was risible on her Jair face aa she comprehended their »itnation. ' " How long will thev be abb» to keap the ship afloat ?". sho asked, with a calmness and in differ» ©nee which surprised him. " Not above three hours, the captain told me, aa I came down. Tho water ii steadily gaining on tho men." " "Will they be able to use tho life-boatP'i . " They will try ; but in suoh a sea,as tbisy ifc is doubtful whether they ever roach the land/.'vhis lordship replied, very pale, a terrible dread crèep ing over bim. . . I /J1:: "Aro you nob afraid, Madeline?" he asked, regarding her passionless face with woader.'^ " Afraid-of what t" and her clear eyèsjtaet his with a look that startled him. . ^'¡ "Why, afraid of death, of course."\ j .,Ú,S\".Í " Death is preferable to some things," was tho cold reply. " Indeed ! such as what?" and a bitter sneeu wreathed his lip?, even in his trembling baste ta fasten his preserver. " Such as a miserable existence dragged oufc in a ' Maison do Sante,'" she said, tu'rriiig her glittering oye full upon hor husband,^'^|;v> '.\ Had a thunderbolt struck ..bini., hV could not . av tarted more violently. *"~~ %n path loaped to his lips, and tho blood rushed j >ki a guilty torrent to the roots of hie hair. "What do you mean ?" he demanded, fiercely. . " I mean that I know that a certain Dr. Rod ney Villers, so called, who visited mo lately, os tensibly to consult with good old Dr. Crawford, is proprietor of an insane asylum in Paris." " And what of that, Madelino " the earl asked, breathing moro freely again at thi3 reply. "-We all feared," ho wont on, "that you were ' losing or had lost your mind, and your own phy sician de3iring a consultation, I sent for two noted men, conversant with diseases of the brain, to ex amine your case." " And thi3 was their prescription," said Lady Durward, rising, and thrusting something into her husband's hand. It was the card which she had found in tho safe the night before, and which she had just taken from the folds of her dres?. Lord Dudley staggered back as if he had re ceived a deadly wound as he saw it. "Where-where did you get it ?" he gasped. The colour flushed her face for the fir3t time in many weeks. " I should not have made this revelation to Ïou," she replied, notheedinsr his question, "did not believe we were both on tho brink of death. I mistruBtod bath these strange men the moment they entered my chamber. I mistrusted, too, your hand in the matter, and was confirmed in my suspicions when you bade me preparo for this journey." w This journey was arranged, madam, at your own doctor's suggestion," interrupted his lord ship, angrily, £ Ye3, and doubtless at his suggestion, too, my own maid, tho dear girl who has attended me faithfully so many ye irs, is forbidden to accom pany me, and, instead, a strange nurse forced upon me," she said, with biting scorn. " It was not enough for you to crush my spirit and break my heart, but you must plan to kill me by confin ing me in a lunatic asylum. You bribed an un principled man to receive me into his loathsome den, and what further you had planned to do, I can only guess at." " Madeline, you aro certainly mad, and a flt subjeet foran insane asylum. Why should I plan to do this thing P" Lord Dudley asked, with an appearance of injured innocence. a; ; ? ./?,. " Thejlaw sometimes frees men fronrfcheir vows .to a crazy wife, you know; you were talking about it in your sleep last night." " Talking in my sleep/'he repeated, almost dasod by her words. " Yesj" she said, speaking very rapidly. \ " 1 have nop been quite io inanimate as I have ap peared during the past few weeks. When I found that I could not die, I made-up my mind that I éould not live longer in your presence, and I had . arranged to go away from your sight for ever/' ^I^O^Ând you dared to think of bringing that dis grace upon me-to desert me, and leave me to be the butt of à gossipping oommunity V* he' cried, in *raffo.|, . ?J i/fJTes/ I bad ? manned j ueb. that, but had not arrived at, any; definite way of carrying it' into " . effect£úntil your diabolical scheme was revealed wiVjtö'ine. hy that card, and your mutterings last ;;f^nightv." :i,)j,:;,(1"EaoagV the wrathful earl hissed, seeing .i.ftha't jBho knew all. " I have heard all I wish of r i this mad gibberish ; perchance you will have your {iír iiwiéhífor death now, and I shall be relieved from |-t »'the 'necessity of ministering to a mind diseased. ¿*Bdt, if \y[G have any desire to be saved from a wa f-^tâfy'ffâvo, I think it would be advisable to try 'í-ul-^-Á^'*1106 *n tk<8 life-boat," he conoluded,' evi 'id'h^BTy' .'thinking more of his own safety at that jq.vjmQment than of any thing else. , ;Si ^níBút Lady Durward planted herself in his path i'with-her back to the door. :,v -j . --Two' small spots burned with crimson fire^úpon .'<>;> hër! !sunken cheeks, her eyes shone with a light '.'.'':,j;w^ieh.;^ëemed to pierce him through, and, with l,, ^'ó'né. sjnall hand raised to enforce his attention, T!(% as if endowed with prophetic vision : n t%I:db not expect to be saved. I think I am 3 r. nowilooking my last upon your face in this world, r i.-jvbut<-Lwarn you, that if you should escape, your .Suture will not be a pleasant one ; you may rise "ß °'tô eyèh'greater distinction and honour, and try to p 'Hhihk'yóu have triumphed over every obstacle by ^f^é^ mighty power of your will, but you will never /; ^^bertfree from the stings of a guilty conscience. ^4'r/Ín'j&he-midst; of your greatest glory, the ghost of îu-ï* îlâ'hughted life will haunt you like an avenging . íahgél 5 and mark my words, when you have reached ;? ??> - the topmost round of distinction, there will come a:day when you will be hurled from that pinnacle r 'H,tö!the very depths of degradation." " One thing more," sho added, as he made an ^-". impatient movement to be gone. "When you go . ' . back to Leamington Towera, if you should escape . !; the danger now threatening you, take no further 1 faction ro?avding the robbery committed there : - laötj night. I opened your safe and took the ,; ''money within.'' ií/!^Vj''" ' ".'.'''. (TO BB CONTINUED.) ;.n^Aní. English paper says that tho Warren line ^ steamship Vlotoria has just brought from Boston, ^..:.U;S.,r 745 bullooks, tho largost cargo pf livestock ! exppr'tod from America this soason. Ic is noted that #H3 iai tho third trip of the Viotoria without losing a pingle beast. . Thursday hoing tho fourth anniversary of tho for '. matiön of tho prosent Ministry, which carno into existenco on Docombor 21, 1878, tho occasion was ., "celebrated by Ministers dining togother that ovoning r at tho Colonial Secretary's Office A roportor was ' ' hot invitod to attend from this offioo, so that wo aro unable to givo any roport of tho spooches which were, doubtless, of an admirable if not admiring charactor. Thcro wore proBent-Sir Henry Parkos, of Tontor . . field; Sir John Robortson, Mudgoo : Hon. James "' Watson, of Nowhoro; Hon. Francis Bathurst Suttor, of Bathurst; Hon. William John Foster, of Nowhoro ; " Hon. Robt. Wisdom, of Morpeth; Hon. John Laokov, nf Contrat Cumberland ; Hon. Arthur Ron wiuk, of Nowhoro; ari tho Hon. Alox. Campboll, the repreaont&tivo; of tho same plooo in tho Lords. Tho . affair throughout was, wo aro informed, of a moBfc , e'rnoyablO charaotor, anti, tho future waa looked . .forward to with much joy. 