BIBLE CHRISTIAN HOME MISSIONS SOCIETY. ANNUA!, ilEiCTIXO. The annual meeting of the Port Augusta auxiliary of the above-named Society was held last Monday evening, in the Bible Christian Chapel,* the Rev. W. W. Finch, of Wilmington, being voted to tlie chair. There was a tolerably fair attendance. The CHAIUSIAN opened the proceedings by expressing his hearty sympathy with the objects of the Society, wbicli were near his heart. News of great victories had that day reached them from afar— from Egypt—from the seat of war ; but he felt that the moral and spiritual victories which had been achieved in the mission field were far greater than these, and were registered in heaven. There were other, and larger, Missionary Societies in the world than the one whose claiinB be and his friends had that evening assembled to advocate; but they all aimed at the same objects, which would be pursued by them and their successors till the whole world was won for the Saviour, and deluged by the truth of His glorious Gospel. All would recognise the fact that, though the agency was apparently small, the work was great The tree was one of God's own rightbanded planting, and was heavily laden with precious fruit. He (the speaker) had every confidence in the progress and permanence of the work to which they had put their hands. (Applause). He concluded by calling on the liev. C Trcsise to read THE BEl'OllT. The Rev. C. TBKSISE then read the following Report, which was adopted :— " The operations of the Bible Christian Home Society are carried on under the direction of the Bible Christian Conference, and are aimed at the extension and-consolidatian of the Kingdom of Christ within this colony, lu doing this we arc following the tradition.-; of the Bible Christian connexion which, whether in England or the colonics, has constantly striven to bring, the home population under the influence and power of the Gospel. Sin, ignorance, aud formalism the great enemies of true, religion everywhere. and those who combat such foes must make up their minds to much opposition, arduous toiL and:self-denlal. :To%ustaiu these through a long course requires much grace, and a living faith, and abiding love. So long as these are vouchsafed to them, the agents of the Society will persevere cheerfully and pancntly in helping on the Saviour's triumphs.. We must increase. The mountain dews shall nourish a seed sown in weakness, whose fruit shall spread and flourish, and shake like Lebanon. During the yo.ir one of oar most sucr-essfu! workers (the ltev. J. ltock), who has toiled hard and long in the field, has been called away in the mulst of labor and usefulness. The severe agricultural depression has militated against church extension, yet we are able to report an increase of members, churches, aud Sunday-schools. The shifting character of onr population greatly increases the claims upon the Society, not only in following tire -people to their new homes, but in continuing —in some cases for a lengthened period— extraneous . help to Circuits amongst - the older settlements ; while, where thie- population is gathered in masses, continual missionary effort is accessary to checklhc spread of irreligion., It is cause for congratulation that the finances have been well sustained. The regular income has amounted to £»!}(» 1 ."is. 7d, which, with £2-211 -Is. contributed towards the reduction of debt, and some special donations, raised the total income of the parent Socictv to Cs. 3d. Towards this amount the Port Augusta Circuit contributed £9 8s. 3d." Mr. Tresise proceeded to remark that be thought the Society could, and should, do more in this prosperous colony than raise £ ( .)ul in <i year, though that was a goodly sum, and Port Augusta should do much more. He had faith in the capacity and power of the Church in this colony to give £'2.000 annually for the carrying on of mission work. He was sanguine that this could be done if the people exercised selfdenial, courage, nnd the habit of cheerful giving. Speaking as he was upon a missionary platform, "he felt that there was no end to the theme, and practically no end to the glorious work. It lay like a vast ocean before them. He was proceeding to enlarge on the subject, when The CHAIRMAN persuasively interposed, asking Mr. Tresise to postpone his speech till after the collection ! It was, lit said, quite AS good to see Mr. Tresise, when be was' dilating on a missionary theme, as to hear some others speak. (Cheers and laughter.) He (the Chairman) was glad to again meet, on such an occasion, his old friends, the Rev. Messrs. Sampson and Dingle, to behold them once more " in the flesh," and he had much pleasure in calling on Mr. Sampson to address the meeting. (Applause.) The Ruv. J. G. SAMI'SOX. of Quorn, cxpiessf-1 his pleasure ;lt meeting the rev. chairman, whom be had met at many siltiiiiir meetings. He felt that Mr. Finch might not have been in the chair, but should have been a speaker, to make a speech which would set fire to the zeal of the people of Port Augusta in the missionary cause. . Mr. Finch, by one of his stirring speeches, had been the means of liringiug him (the speaker) into the mission field as a worker. Tlie cause of missions *-as one that deserved the serious attention of all. It was nothing less than the advancement of Christ's kingdom in this world, by sending the Gospel to placcs where it was not yet proclaimed. He was proud of the position now held by the Society, and tlicy should be glad to he able to help it in its noble work. The missionary spirit was not so str ong in Pert Augusta as it should be ; for £0 was not an adequate contribution from so thriving a place. Some people thought they were doing enough if they kept their own minister, but he held, they ought to have enough liberality to impel tbein to aid iu sending men forth to the neglected portions of the field. The promises of God were clear: His Kingdom must increase, until " the desert should become as the garden of the Lord ;" Christ should " sec of the travail of His soul, and be abundantly satisfied."—for theChristian Church would send the glad tidings to earth's remotest bounds. The Gospel had been proclaimed for 1800 years, yet how many tens of thousands there were still who had never heard it. He believed the time was coming when all would liearit. When was that time ? The reply was, when the Christian church performed its part and did its work. The Bible had nothing to fear from .the spread of education, nor from the attacks of sceptics. The Bible was never so widely circulated, never so influential, never bad a better opportunity of being widely studied, than at the present time. They needed a reformation in their Pulpits and their Pews,—in the means used to secure the success of the Gospel. He condemned tiie coldness and spiritual iudiffcrenceof pastors and people, and wished nil stereotyped forms were abolished. A Gospel must be preached that would take hold of the hearts of the people—not send them to sleep. The pulpit—the preachers—needed to be baptised afresh with the Holy Ghost—with the Spirit from on high,—baptised with fresh earnestness and faithfulness, and sanctified by prayer. They (the preacher) must preach iis those who would have to give an account of their work; and as thej T would have to account to God, so would their hearers. A revival was wanted,—a Pentecostal period. He concluded by an eloquent appeal to the meet ing to help in the glorious work of saving souls, illustrating his arguments by incidents from his own personal experience and observation. He hoped that would prove to be the grandest missionary meeting ever held in Port Augusta. (Applause,) The CIIAIBMAN' remarked that tlie Rev. Dr. Atitciiffe had well said that it was as much a part of Christ's theology for man to give as for man to believe. He wished to enforce this principle, which was found both in the Old and in the New Testament Scriptures. Tlie Bible was true and full in its promises to the giver, as it was in its promises to the believer. The Rev. J. DINGLE, of Orroroo, next spoke. Much as had been said about missions, the subject was not exhausted. The religion of Jesus Christ aloms was soul- satisfying and it was to spread this religion and tell the story of the Cross to perishing souls that such Societies were ostablished. The nearer men got to God, the greater would be their desire to spread His truth, and to be active in His service. The Gospel w c w & could lift up the fallen, bring back the wanderer, and cheer the faint. He referred at some length to the Report, which bad been read,:-and Urged good reasoHs for limiting the operations of the Sopiety to South Australia. He hoped? tjie day would come when there would be more union and less of a certain kind of rivalry among Christian denominations. Paganism was not confined to the dusky sonB and daughters of the islands of the sea; but could be found in our churches and in the midst of so-called Christian society. There were practical heathen who were* nominally members of Christian congregations. We needed not go far off to find plenty of unsaved men ami women. Evil permeated everything. Though people did not invariably bow down to idols, yet they did practically make idols of houses, land, worldly possessions, and their businesses. He gave some wise words of counsel to parents sending forth their sons and daughters into the world, which was now more full than ever of evil, as it Was mixed up in business, and in every avocation, sapping .the foundations of inan-^ hness, truthfulness, knd'licm^sty. & jnan» had snid 1 to him, the" other day, " An honest man cannot uow be. flstprekeeper." He showed the "nefcessity for ^parents to pray foi; their children X to be keptflrom the evil thai waa in the world,—evil inth whicli they would W hr6ught>to tbntact daily and hourly. After -aome^ remarks on the evils imported by, ? abd-tbW pernicious influence exerted by, British " scapegraces," who were shipped to: the colonies till they had reformed, or "wjura their wild oatB," he concluded by advo^ eating the claims of the Bible Christian Missionary Society, but for whose efforts I'ort AuguBta and many other ould, years ago, have been without the t ministraiious of religion.- He prognostiated for this town a grand aud pros- p perous future, and expressed a hope that, S ith its increasing population, commerce, c c. f it wojM 1 become moro thoroughly' ClirietiHniseHl ^He wasxjad to know that p there was a littl6i)ut«na%ctic "Salvation hṮ Army" here, and he encouragcd his friend, Mr. Tresise and his co-workers to with that aggressive work, taking the Gospel message but into the highways and byways, so that bushmcn and sailors who visit«d the Port, and who otherwise did not receive religious -teaching, might hear the glad tiding6 of salvation through Jesus Christ. The army thus '' compelled men to come in " to the Gospel feast. He hoped the Society would be more liberally supported both by the prayers and pounds of . the people. (Applause.) v [The collection was then made.] The CHAIBMAN pointed ont that both Port Augusta and Orroroo received more monetary aid from the parent Society than the amount of their annual contributions to its funds. This was not as it should be —especially as regarded a large and thriving town like Port Augusta. (Hear, hear.) He related some of his experiences in con nexion with missionary work in the Wilmington and Willowie districts, and paid a tribute of praiso to the industrious, and often unfortunate, agriculturists of those districts for their liberal aud self-denying support of the cause. ' i S The Rev. C. TRESISE made A few earnest and eloquent remarks, expressive of his deep sympathy with the work of Home Missions ; related some of his experiences of mission work in the South-East; and declared his belief that this country still needed Christianising; he went so far as to say that the influence of "truly|Cbri^tian communities would enhance the value=and increase the fertility of the land itself. He prayed that both town and country might be filled with tlie knowledge of Christ and His salvation. Then would follow healthy progrcsa, and domestic, social, and political peace and purity. He hoped the great work of Christian missions would rapidly and widely spread. (Applause.) The CHAIRMAN (the Rev. W. W. Finch) said they had had a good meetiug, and he only wished to make two or three remarks in conclusion. Edncation and the spread of scepticism, and their influence on Christianity, had been alluded to. He felt no fear as to the future of the King dom of Jnsus Christ from either of those sources. The Gospel was well able to meet all adv. ise arguments ; and was itself tlie Divine side of the argument. The message ot the Go&pel; possessed the very strength of God's mighty arms,—of His heart, His mind, and His boundless Jove. These were arrayed against sceptical intellects, aud the evil tendencies of human hearts. He (the speaker) also believed in Apostolical succession. The age of great and good men had not yet passed away. He referred to such men as the late Morley Punshou, James Thorne, aud his (Mr. Thome's) son The cause of Christ would not fail for want of able and earnest advocates. Look at it on the Divine side, the Gospel was equal to meet and repel ail the attacks of scepticism. All the prophccies of all the Prophets would be, in due time, fulfilled. At length would rise the gratad and universal chorus,—The Lord God omnipotent reigneth!" (Applause.): At intervals appropriate hymns were sung. Mrs. Tresise presided efficiently at the organ. The meeting closed in the usual manner. 