BOSTON MONDAY LECTURES-1 [By tue Rev. J. Cook.] DOES DEATH END ALL. [Continued] • •' It is very surprising, in view of the school of thought to which Professor Alexander Bain, of Aberdeen, belongs, that in his work on " The Senses and the Intellect (p. G4), he should go so far as to uphold the doctrine of the spontaneity of vital actions, and to maintain that a spontaneous energy resides in the nerve centres which gives them the power of initiating, mole cular movements without any antecedent sensation from without, or motion from within, or any antecedent state of feeling whatever, or any stimulus extraneous to the moving apparatus itself. This fact of spontaneous energy he looks on as the essentiul prelude to voluntary power. So much for the latest concessions of materialists. What are the opening words of the best, or certainly the freshest, "book in the world on the " Cellular Theory V' All medical students will know that Pro fessor Hcinrich Frey, of Zuri.'h, is a great authority on the cell theory, and that this book o( his has hud an enormous sale between the '»lps and the Baltic. Frey's work oil Microscopic Technology is placed side by side with Strieker's Histology in the trading recommended to the two hundred young men in the Harvard Medical School j but fresher than either of these books is this new volume published by Frey iu 1875. Rufutt Choate used sometimes to lay ojt a course of study in the classics perfectly parallel with that of the young men in Harvard "University j an(j( h¡B breath less profession, would keep paco with thom year after year. Wliat if *, student of religious science, who Las no right to know anything about physiology, should look - at the text-books in use in Harvard medical school ot physiology and other topics, and by this means and by considerable conversation with .men of science, assuiing himself that he is not reading-rubbish, and with a professional 'medical library at his command, should follow side by side the investigations those highly privileged young men are pursuing and occasionally stand wiih tbérn in theîr dissecting rooms? I know at least one student of religions science who does pre cisely that, ¿ni is fascinated1 with his work. , Biology is now qlljte as interesting as the sialics. In the John Hopkins ! University iu .Baltimore studies are felec Í tive ; uud a'îout ninety out of one hundred ! of the students there elect biology as one j of their subjects. ¡ 11 pfe.vsor Frey, of %uiichj in this work, 1 vp.hich is hardly dry from the press, pviufcs, I face,,to face with the world, this as his v'-y;?rst sentence : " A deep abyss sei.a ™testhe inorganic from the organic, the from the animate. The rock crystal on ; the ' one side ; vegntable and animal on the other ; how infinitely Jiffer ent the image! Is it, then, possible to bridge ovrr this gulf 1 We answer, not at the present time." We turn on in this volume, and find that reference is made to the theory that vital transformations are much like crystallization, and that then these remarks are made, with a very ap parent, and just a sly smile : 11 Schwann, the founder of modern his tology, taught : What the crystal is iu regard to the inorganic, that the c^ll is in 1 the 6¡>here of life. is the former shoots! from the mother lye, so, also, in a suitable I animal fluid, are developed the constituents i of the cell, nucleo'us, nucleus, covering and eel! cod twits. This view was embraced ! during many years, it explained everything so conveniently ! This was, however, over h-isty. J.he cell arises from the cell. A spontaneous origin do¿s not occur. All , this is in accord with what Huxley says in 1 his article in the Encyclopedia Britannica : "There is no parallel between the actions of matter in the mineral world and in liv ing tissues." 2\. After the unanimity of experts, there is no higher authority on any scientific doctrine than to find it taught 'in standard text-books in schools of the first rank ; but you may easily ascertain that the very latest standard text-books oppose the mechanical or materialistic theory of life. Dr. Tyson's book on " The Cell Doctrine is in use side by side with Frey in Harvard Medical School; but Tyson opens with diagrams from Beale, and closes with Beale and where is there anything in him that is regarded as invulnerable that he did not get from Beale? Over and over, in the latter half of the book, as he closes the history of the thirty-nine years since the cell theory was promulgated, he cites Beale, and in sneers from horologity," he sums up established satfucc thus : " We believe that the proper shap ing, arrangement, and function of these elementary parts is not a process identical or analogus to crystallization, taking place through merely physical laws, but that there is a presiding agency which controls such arrangement to " a definite end." This is a statement out of a text-book mentioned ofhcially in the catalogue of ¡ Harvard University as jn use in the best medical school of our nation ; and here is the bi'st German book ; and I have just quoted from the best Scotch book ; and Beale s is the best English book ; and they are all explicitly agreed in the assertion that it is life,not mechanism, which weaves us and all things that live. 3\. I affirm that we have under the microscope ocular demonstration that it is life which causes organization, and not organization which causes life. What is the first thing that appears in the forma tion of an organization ? A mass of germinal matter that has life, but no organization? You know what a naked bioplast is—a little speck of glue-like matter, transparent, colourless, and, ui.der the highest powers of the microscope and every other test known to man, showing no organization, and yet capable of multiplex movements—all these in a minute. "We fail," Huxley says, "to detect any organization in the bioplasmic mass, but there are movements in it and life. We see the movements ; they must have a cause. The life is there before organization." If, according to custom in some rude games of sailors, we were to put a man in a canvas bag and throw him in the bag upon a platform, and if that bag were to begin to cast out a promontory here and a promontory there, and assume scores of shapes and move to and fro, and pick up now this object and now that, we should have no unfit representation of a portion of the movements of a naked bioplasmic mass. Your astonishing bag picks up a chair, which cannot move of itself ; and, to make the parallel complete, it must have the power of absorbing this inanimate object and of changing it into something just like itself, or alive ! Suddenly this man in the bag, may if the parallel is to be made perfect, throw off a small sack from the bag, and that instantly begins to move on the platform ; it forthwith commences to pick up lifeless matter and to transform it into living matter like itself. It, too, throws off other little sacks which go through the same motions again. We should say that sacks of that sort hud very complicated machinery in them. But this is by no mear s the chief marvel. You know that in India, it is a play of the children and of grown men to make up the form of ati elephant by stacking themselves together, two men making a log of the elephant, six or eight his body, three or four his head, one or two his proboscis. You see in the pictures from India representations of elephants made up, as you notice when you look at them sharply, wholly of human forms. Now, to carry out this parallel, we must have our first canvas-bag transform itself into many canvas-bags, and then all of them build themselves up after this Indian fashion into the elephant, the lion, the giraffe ; or the palm-tree, the date, or the pomegranate ; and these must live. They must grow. Some of the miraculous casks will drop away from day to day, but new ones must take their places and fill out the design had in view at the first. Of course the part assigned to the man in the proboscis of an elephant thus built must be very different from that assigned to a man in the leg. If an elephant ís to be made up in that way, the men who form his back must have a very different posi tion from the men who form the tusks, fliete must be very peculiar activities put forth by each man in each part of your elephant. So, although our bioplasm is, to all appearance, the same thing when it weaves a tendon, and when it weaves a muscle, and when it weaves a nerve, its activities are very different, and the invis ible " molecular machinery " must be very complicated indefd. For it makes a tendon here, a muscle here, or a nerve . here ; and according to Spencer and this astule materialistic school, it is nothing but mere molecular machiner?, started off by "stimulus," into all this weaving, as the spark starts off the gun powder into explosion. We say that if that is so, the molecular machinery must be more than exceedingly complex : for not only must it really be very different when it weaves a nerve from what it is when it weaves a muscle, but—and this is the point on which to fasten supreme at tention—when we run back the examina tion of all our co- ordinated tissues we find that assuredly all this molecular machinery must in some way have existed or have been provided for in the first little trans parent, colourless and apparently structure less bioplast which began to weave your elephant, or your man, your pomegranate, or your palm ! A rather complicated kind of molecular machinery to be crowded into a space so small ! The acorn which hangs above the nest of your ea^le has in it bioplasts that differ under the microscope m no particular from the little mass of bioplasm in the eagle's egg. Your bioplasm that weaves your oak IS, to all human investigation, the same thing with the speck of bioplasm which weaves your eagle. There is no inductive evidence of the existence of this mechanism We may say, therefore, that in the present state of knowledge we cannot affirm that molecular mechanism, acted upon by physical and chemical forces, is the sole source of organization. 4\. Matter in living tissues is directed, controlled, arranged, so as to subserve the most varied and complex purposes. Only matter and mind exist in the univeise. Matter in living tissues must therefore be arranged either by matter or by mind. IS o material properties or forces are known to be capable of producta« the arrangements which exist in living tissue. In the present state of knowledge these arrangements must be referred to mind or life as their source. 5\. Bioplasm exhibits peculiar actions found nowhere in not-living matter. It exhibits different actions in every different animal and vegetable tissue For each class of these ]ièuui, there must be a peculiar cause. That cause must be either matter or mind. It is not visible, or from any observed facts inferable, in matter. It must therefore exist in life or an im material «-lenient of the organization. 6\. It is plain that, before the matter which forms the tissues ha= entered the orgaiiizition, the plan of the tissues is in volved in the earliest bioplasts. There is forecast involved, therefore, in the action of the bioplasts. " Bioplasm prepares for far-off events, says Sir Lionel Beule over and over. Forecast is not au attrioute of matter, but of mind, An immaterial element exists, therefore, in living organisme. /. There is a great fact known to us more certainly than the existence of matter—it is the unity of consciousness. I know that I exist, and that I am one. Hermann Lotze's supreme argument against materialism is the unity of con sciousness. I know that I am I and not you. and ] know this to my very finger tips. That finger is a part of my organism, not of yours. To the last extremity of every nerve I know that 1 am one. 'The uni:y of consciousness is a fact known to ns by much better evidence tnan the j existence of matter. I am a natural realist in philosophy, if I may use a tech I nical terra ; I believe in the existence of bo; h matter and mind. There are two tilings in the universe, but I lcuow the existence of mind better than I know the existence of matter. Sometimes in dreams we fall down precipices and awake and find that the gnarled savage rocks had no existence. But we touched them ; we felt them ; we were bruised by them ! Who knows but that some day we may wake and find that all matter is merely a dream? Even if we do that, it will yet remain true that I am I. There is more support for idealism than for materialism ; but there- is no sufficient support for either. If we are to reverence all, and not merely a fraction, of the list of axio matic or self-evident truths—if we are not to play fast and loose with the intui tions which are the eternal tests of verity —we shall believe in the existence of both matter and mind. Herman Lotze holds that the unity of consciousness is a fact absolutely incontrovertible and absolutely inexplicable on the theory that our bodies are woven by á complex of physical arrangements and physical forces, having no co-ordinating presiding power over them all. I know, that there is a co-ordinating presiding power somewhere in me. I am I. I am one. Whence the sense of a unity of consciousness, if we are made up according to Spencer's idea, or Huxley's, of infinitely multiplex molecular mechanisms? We have the idea of presiding power, that makes each man one individuality from top to toe ? How do we get it ? It must have a sufficient cause. To this hour no man has explained the unity of conscious ness in consistency with the mechanical theory of life. There is not in Germany to-day, except Hackel, a single professor of real eminence who teaches philosophical materialism. The eloquent Michelet, the life-long friend and disciple of Hegel, lectured at Berlin University in the spring of 1874 in defence of the Hegelian philosophy as a system. Out óf nearly three thousand students he obtained only nine hearers. Helmholtz, the renowned physicist of Berlin, has gone out through physiology and mathematical physics into metaphysics and his views in the latter science are pretty nearly those of Immanuel Kant. Wundt, the greatest of the physiologists of Heidelberg University, which leads Germany in medical science, has made for years a profound study of the inter- relation, of matter and wind, and be rejects materialism as in conflict with self evident, axiomatic truth. Hermann Letze, now commonly regarded as the'greatest philosopher of the most intellectual of the nations, and who has left his mark on every scholar in Germany under forty years of age, is everywhere renowned for his physiological as well as for his metaphysi cal knowledge, and as an opponent of the mechanical theory of life. Professor Tholuck said to me repeatedly ; " If a man is a materialist, we Germans think he is not educated." I look up to the highest summits of science, and I reverence properly, I hope, all that is established by the scientific method ; but when I lift my gaze to the' very uppermost pinnacles of the mount of established truth, I find standing there not Hackel nor Spender, but Helimholtz of Berlin, and Wundt of Heidelbeig, and Hermann Lotze of Góttigen, physiologists as well as metaphysicians all, and they, as free investigators of the relations be tween matter and mind, are all on their knees before a living God. Am I to be told that there is no authority in philos ophy beyond the Thames ? Is the outlook of cultured people to be limited by the North Sea ? The English we revere, but Professor Gray says that there is some thing in their temperament that lends to materialism. England, green England ! Sour, sad, stout skies, with azure, tender as heaven, omnipresent, but not often visible behind the clouds. Sour, sad, stout people, with azure, tender as heaven, and omnipresent, but not often visible behind the vapours. Such is England, such the English. We are to extend our field of vision to the Rhine, to the Elbe, to the Oder, to the Ural Mountains ; and when we look around the whole horizon of culture the truth is that philosophical materialism to-day a waning cause. It is a crescent of the old moon ; and in the same sky where it lingers as a ghost, the sun is rising, with God behind it, To be Continued. 