SPORTING INTELLIGENCE. - THE V. R. C. AUTUMN MEETING. [By Telegraph (from ocb special reporter,) MELBOURNE, Saturday. The Autumn Meeting was continued and concluded to-day, when, although the weather was terribly warm, the attendance was fairly numerous As on the other days of the meeting his Excellency the Governor and the vice-regal party attended, and a variety of well-chosen musical selections were discussed by the Australian Band Mr Byron Moore, ably assisted by Mr Miles, left nothing undone to secure the success of the reunion, which may safely be said to have been the most successful autumn gathering that has ever been held in Victoria solitude, Fryingpan, Allnnder, Tangle, Essex, Raillery, Egerton, Hecla, Little Jack, Boree, Loiterer, Lesbia, The Drone, and Cambric were scratched for the second Nursery Handicap, which attracted 15 to the post On the strength of the previous running of his stable companions, Sylvanus was" most in favour, and left the pride ck first favourite at 2 to I A good start sent the favourite away in front, but he was steadied, and after Brilliant had carried on the running to the home turn, Colstoun run to the front, and won easily from Vaucluse and Saionera Colstoun was a rank outsider, and was not backed, and thus commenced the series of misfortunes which befell the public, who lost heavily during the day No fewer than we were striped for the Newmarket Handicap the ab enters from the 3rd being Courtouav, Guinea, Waterloo Santa Claus, Tri A ally in, Lohengrin Cassiopeia, and Haalbec the night before the race the Sydney divi um banked Hesperian to win about £18 000 and so conti youth was hi> supported on the course that when the horses left the p added 4 to 1 was the best offer to money. He was ridden by Pigott On the other hand the friends of the Ghost thought it a certainty for him, and at the ist 5 and 6 to 1 was the best price to be obtained about him His time trials were said to have been something wonderful, and when Davis popped into the saddle he became even firmer in the air) at Larpent was next in favour at 10 to 1, and 10, to 6 were freely offered against any of the others The start appeared to be a very 'undone, but it was such a scramble from beginning to end that it would be impossible to give an exact account of how the race was run the first flight rattled past the post in a great heap, but it could be seen that Hyacinth and Euclid against the man and Larpent on the extreme right had the advantage and the -judge recorded a victory for Hyacinth by three- quarters of a length, and the time was the fastest jet done Hvacinthwas backed for a few thousands in the paddock, and the stable had an idea that he would run a good horse but were not nearly so confident as were the partisans of the favourite The winner is the property of Mr W Pearson, and is by Lord of Linne, from Grey Esperance, b> Yattendon from Lsptrnnte, and was bred in New South Wales by the Hon L Iv C ox He was trained by Joe Morrison The town Pinto was another blow for the speculative public, for Air Phillips declared to win with Bell well, but the colt could not get up, and Commotion, who was sent to cut down the held for him, made the running at a great pace and was never caught Wellington i in a great horse with lOst, and so did Progress with 6st 7lb and the old horse just beat the latter for second nine of Progress pulled up lame, but I doubt it there be anything serious the matter The All-aged Stakes funded another hut prise, for solitude, who gave Allandtr Jib actual weight and a beating in the First Nursery Handicap on J hours and, was, back ed at 6 to J. on her, but quite failed to prove her form and All mile r won rather easily Himalaya, J nxaiax it up, and Sound declined for the Steeplechase, for which a brilliant field went to the post Great Weston, who held the position of first of your the i me the weights appeared, was heartily supported it <> to 1 while from 1 to 10 to 1 was forthcoming about any of the others The race was a good out all the way, and leah st, who took up the running when they had to do a mile n id a half, won cleverly by four lengths flour Chrjsalib, who was followed by Lucy and the favourite (motto fill at the fence near the abattoirs, but her rider (Floyd) escaped without injury 'As might be expected, the course was very hard, but the landing side of each fence was relieved by a top dressing of sand and tan Twilight had a few friends at 0 to 1, and was well ridden by Scobie. Commotion, Tell Melt, Sweet William, Gudarz, and Coreena were scratched for the Handicap for 3 and 4 year year olds, and Duchess was backed m 6 to 4 she was nicely ridden by Hales and running through her horses at the home turn, won easily, and thus scored the only win for the favourites during the day. The following is a description of each rice - areas in isrnsFHY handicap Mr A K Finlay's c c Colstoun 1 Mr W J Forrester's go Vaucluse to 2 Mr F Wentworth's b c Snionara 3 The other "starters were Sylvanus, Brilliant, King of the Vale, Magnet, Scipio Gostwyck, Granville, Jnck-in-the-Oreen, Gardenia, Nulqnme, and Treasure Trove Betting 2 to 1 against Sylvania, 4 to 1 Saionuia and King of the Vale They were sent away to a good start, Sylvanus, Gostwyck, and ÏNulqume being quickest on their legs, but Brilliant soon went to the front and li d round the bend, followed by Sylvanus, Colstoun, and Sayonara Brilliant melted away at the home turn, and Colstoun ran to the front attended by Sylvanus, Smonaia and > undue Sylvanus tired at the distance, and in his ran into second place, but could not interfere with Colntoun, who won cleverly from Vaucluse Sayonara was a good third, and was followed by Magnet and Sylvanus, while Treasure 11 five her unkindly, and was the last to pass the post lune, 1 minute 234 seconds UKW HARRY T HANDICAP mile. Mr W Pearson's br h Hyacinth, 2 years, 7st fib ... 1 Mr H Haines's b li Fuchd, a jean,, 7st 4lb . . 2 Mr J Whittingham s be is "spent years, 8st Gib S The following also started -B ithuri>t, Hesperian, Somerset, Baron Von Mueller Mrs Otto, Sir Joseph, Josephine, Surrey, Verdure, Dougalston totalisator, tumult, Aureole, Chuula, The Ghost, \ nietta. Coreena, Result, Viking, Westbury, Timor, The Drummer, Sweet William, Cremorne, Venture, Struck Oil, Constellation, Llbinoio, Ivropoan, Corinne, Spanish lady, Gameco 1 and Cockney Betting 4 to 1 Hesperian, 5 to 1 Ghost, 10 to 1 larpent, 20 to 1 each v Veidnrc, Somerset, Sir Joseph, Hyacinth, Surrey, Tumult, and B itburst, 2 to 1 any other A good start was effected. A nietta, Somerset, and Larpent appearing to got boat off, and then half the journey had been run, the first flight was comprised of Somerset, Hesperian, Surry, Tumult Lnrjient, Gamecock, Hyacinth, The Ghost, and Euclid Hesperian led at the distance, but was soon in difficulties, and gave place to Surrey, who in turn was headed by Hyacinth, and the latter holding his own, flashed past the first three-quarters of a length in front of Euclid, who just beat Larpent, who was against the outside rails for second place hurry was a good fourth, and The Ghost, tumult, Gamecock, Somerset, Cremorne, and Hesperian followed in a bunch, Time, 1 minute 16", seconds. to wv j i ATI -2 miles Mr H Phillips's be Commotion, 3 years. 1 Mr C G Baldock s br li W cllinKlon, 0 years 2 Mr W Blanch's his logic n, 4 years 3 The other starters were Salisbury, Bathurst, Darebin, Coriolanus Sweet William, Poll Melt, and Santa Claus Betting 2 to 1 Pell Mill, 4 to 1 Wellington and Progress, C to 1 any other Commotion, in the interest of Pell Mill, made the running at a great part to the stations, where he had a five lengths lead of Progress, Pell Melb, Durable, and Wellington, who were clustered as they came round the bend It was evident that Fell Melb could not get up, and Commotion holding his own, won comfortably by four lengths from Wellington, who beat Progress- by half a length for second pi ice, after a great struggle Santa Claus was fourth, and then there came Darebin, Pell Melb, Bathurst, Salisbury, and Coriolanus Time, 3 minutes 34 seconds. ALL-AfrliD STAKES mile Mr. J. Morrison's ch. c Allnniler, 2 years. 1 Mr. E De Mein's br t Solitude, 2 years ... 2 Mr W. Branch's b c Mistaken, 2 years. 3 The only other starter was Napper Tandy. Betting 5 to 2 on Solitude Allander and Solitude raced together to the home turn, where the favourite was beaten, and Allan der beat her by five lengths Mistaken was a length and a half from Solitude, and Napper Tandy was beaten off Time, 1 minute 40 seconds BTJ£EPi,RCHAsiä-about 3 miles. Mr S Justin after m Twilight, aged, 11st. 1 Mr F C Goyder's him ( brought, sired, 9st 7lb 2 Mr 1* Glcnister'sblmluoj.agpd, 10st 12lbs 3 The other starters were Great Western, Roebuck, Gazelle, Hieroglyph, Skylark, and Sissy Betting 4 to 1 on Lucy, 6 to 1 v Hieroglyph, 0 to 1 any other Skylark led for a mile and a-half, followed by Great Western, Lucy, Twilight, Chrysalis, and Hieroglyph, when a twilight ran to the front and forced the pace, led all the way home, and won by four lengths from Chrysalis, who was 20 lengths in front of Lucy, after whom came Great Western, Skylark, Hieroglyph, Sissy, and Roebuck. Gazelle fell at the Abbatoirs Time, 5 minutes 52 seconds. HAinjiaáJP Ton- 3 Wm 4 that omis-Loger course Messrs SluaieBroaiiiV b m Dacliciii, 4 years, 7st Mr J. W-nrworth'si-icTbe Drummer, 7st 5lb 2 Mr- D. S. -Wallace's b h WuictIdo. 4 years, 8st. 2lb. 3 The other starters were Chatterer, Crystal, Mulatto, Marchioness, Kohinoor, Result, West, Elsmore, and Gloucester. Betting- Stop v. Duchess, 3 to 1 v West. Mulatto made the running to the Abattoirs, attended by Worn and TheJDrnmiBer- They closed up at the bend, where Duchess joined them, and, running through her horses at the last turn, won sMily five lengths from Dummer, who was a length in front of Waterloo, and then, four knigthg-awaj, came Read, followed by Elsinore, Mulatto, And Gloucester 