THE OLD BELIEFS. TO THE EDITOR OF THE STAR. -Yours, &c.;, Enquires. Sir,—Whatever be the result, Bishop Mos house basset people to ask themselves whether there is a limit to the power of prayer, that is to say, whether it really ever removed a moun- tain, dried up a river as large aa the MiaanfP or the Murray, or performed aoy other w» contrary to what science would * the ordinary laws of nature. I DU admit that during my life, aa f*s , u i have observed, I have eeen no deviation of what are commonly called natural law. I* mountains stand aa they need to do, the istki run as usual, barring the changes physsa-I produced, life comes and goes after theses' old fashion, and so on throughout both aci®J and inanimate nature. Bui although I this it is of course no proof that the "lb"* dead" did • not “ squeak and gibber ns U streets of Home," or that C‘2 l! . l 7 not stand round like open P""" Kirk Alloway, or that many other tW equally incredible to people now-a-deji f l( not occurred in the paat. Judging food books I think the people io Christens® old times bad far stronger fails "Jj supernatural than is possessed by the p"*-* generation. I think we should preser" beautiful old beliefs entertained c: [ . fathers so far aa they do not impede Mj* progress. Now the faith in fairies, and ghosts, implicity held in past H-’. nearly all gone, X remember in bnjbJ",, hear the old men in my country detente pranks of the “ wee folk but thetop"®" of the narrators even then wee th> fairies were “ passing away" in of tha spread of the Gospel. The last too, that was known in my part of was a rod-haired old woman, that used » herself into a hare and suck tha ml ‘*“ Ag in the fields. This hare had often beee at, but ordinary lead took no J-jj anpernatural creature, and it putting a silver sixpence into the 6™ the atranga being was killed »t h't j grand old ghosts, too, are gone. They to bo quite numerous and they P® many curious actions. I think the S ‘ a. “ Hamlet” is likely to be tha W supernatural visitants if the world 8°” its present matter-of-fact course, ah' j thing certain to result from the n» Bishop Moorhouso’s remarks, n . am! {Lj.-i they will produce a deeper “'"V, into the relationship of cause an People will begin in reality to ask, "Vf gather grapes of thorns, or figs of ■ j and so on throughout the whole _» i nature, and Ballarat folks will seIIO ,- i |ri themselves this question, “ WiU P rJ J ‘ ue a proper water supply without * storage capacity being provided by Commission - 