JEZEBEL'S DAUGHTER.: PART 'I. MC. DAVID OLiNNETY COLLECOTS II MATERIALSB AND CONTINUES THE STORY HISTORICALLY. CHAPTER XVIII. Tun discovery of Jack agreeably surprised Schwartz, without in the least perplexing him. His little friend (as lie reasoned) had no doubt remombered his invitation to tboe deadithouso, and had obtained admission through the interference of the strange gentleman who was with him. But who was the gentleman ? The deputy night watchman (though he might carry moes sages for his relative the nurse) was not personally acquainted with his sister's medical patrons in Frankfort. He looked at the doctor with an expression of con siderable doubt. .. I beg your pardon,.sir," he ventured to say, "you're not a member of the city council, are you ? " ,' '? ~ , "I have nothing,to .do with the city council." " And nothing to do ,with. mnaging. the. deadhouse ? " "Nothing, I am Dr. Dormann.",, Schwartz snapped his clumsy fingers as an appropriate expression of relief. . "All right, sir I Leave the little man with me -I'll take care of him." "Do you know this iperson 2 ",askled the doctor,:turning to Jaok. "Yes I yes I leave me hoere with him," Jack answered eagerly. " Good-night, sir -good-night " I Dr. Dormann looked again at Jack's friend,. "I thought strangers were not allowed hero at night," he said. It's against the rules," Schwartz adl mittod. "But, Lord love you, .sir,,think of the dulioss of this place I Besides, I'm only a deputy. In three nights more the regular man will come on -duty again. It's an awful job, doctor, watching alone here all night. One of the men actually went mad and hanged himself. To be sure he was a post in his way, which makes it less remarkable. I'm not a' poet myself-I'm only a sociable creature. Leave little Jack with mel I'll.send him ,home safe and sound-I feel like a father to him." The doctor 'hesitated. What was he to do.. Jalck had already returned to the cell wherein ,his mistress lay. To remove him by. the brutal oxercoise of main force was a proceeding from which Dr. Dormann's delicacy of'fooling 'naturally recoiled-to say nothing of the danger of provoking that outbrak 'of:'madness against 'which the doctor had himself warned Mr. Keller. Per suasion .lhoe had already tried in, vaini., Delegated authority to control Jack had not boon 'conferreodon i'hliim, Thoresoomd :to be do other courao than to yield...: " If' otth' persist is' you' oblsticy ," hlie said to Jack,; "I must return alone to Mr., Koller's heous'e, and toll him that I have left' you heoro with yourfriend." Jack was already:. absorbed in his own thoughts;:'1 He ,only . repeated vacantly, r good-night.." : ;? , . , . Dr. Dormann left the room. 8chwartzilooked in at' lis' guest. " Wait there for 'the proeseont," hl.anie.s , The porter will'be here directly-: I don't' want himnotose--you. " ' h eTlfae :porto-cmu i"aftr an teorval' "'All right for the night? " he asked. ' All right," Sohiwartz answered.': ?The potter withdrew in silence. '"' ii?:.: The .night-watchman's' reply -was his authority for closing the gates of the dead housei .,Schwartz returned to Jauk --still.watching patiently by the couch. " Was she a rela tion of yours ? " he asked. : , "All the relations in tho'world'to'iae I.' Jack burst out passionately. :'' Father and mother-and brother and sister and wife." ,"'-Ayoe, aye ? Five relations in ',ono , is what I call an economical family," said Schwartz. "Come out-heore to the table. You stood treat last time-my turn' dios: I've got the wine handy. Yes;,yes-slio was a finu woman in her time, I datd sayi. Why haven't you put her into her, ooffin, like other people ? . " Why ? " Jack repeated indignantly. "'I couldn't prevent them, from bringing her here; but I would have burnt the house db'dii:ovor their heads if they had dared to put "her into a 'coflin I Are you stupid enough to suppose that mistress is dead ? Don't 'you know that I'm watching and waiting here till she wakes. Ah I I bog your pardon-you don't know. The rest of them would have lot her die. I saved her life. Come here and I'll toll you how." 'He dragged Schwartz into the coll. As the watchman disappeared from view, the wild white face of MIadamo Fontaino ap lierared between the curtains of her hiding place,. listoning to Jack's narrative of the opening of the cupboard, and the discovery that had followed. Schwartz humonrod his little friend (ovi dently, as ho now conluded, his orazy hlittle friend), by listening in respectful siloahne. Instead of making any remarkl at the end, he mentioned once more that the wine was handy. " Come I " he roiterated; ," come to the table I " Madame Fontainuo drew back again be hind the curtains. Jack remained obsti n ately in the coll. "I mean to see it," he said, the moment she moves." .." Do you think your eyes will toll you ? " Schwartz remonstrated. "You look dead boat already; your eyes will got tired. 'Trust the boll hero, over the door. Brass and stool don't got tired; brass and steeool don't fall asleep; brass and stool will ring, and call you to her. Take a rest and a drink." SThesewords reminded Jack of the doctor's experiment with the alarm-boll, He could not disguise from himself the steaonlthily 'growing sonse of fatigueno in his head and ::"is limbs, "I'm 'afraid you'r' right,'!: he :iaid sadly. "I wish I was a stronger nmau." .H:.,e joined Schwartz at the tabld, aniid : diopped wearily into the watchman's olikir. ; M:': is: holid sankl oil his breast, his eyes) closed. lie started up angain. " She may: .anit'holli when sheo waklosl" hle oriedo; withl a look of terror. " What must we do ?i " a: \n vo earry her hlomo betweeoon us ? 0 I Bh ivartt, I was so confident in myself a :itIle while since-and it seems all to have olft me now I " .Don t worry that weary ittle bon head of ';iours about nothing," Schwartz answered ithi rough good-nature. "C ome along ':m ??'Y' , .: :' &0 J' )' t r . with me, and I'll show you where help's to be got when help's wanted. No I no I you won't be out of hearing of the boll-if it rings. We'll leave the door open. It's only on the other side of the passage hero." He lighted a lantern, and led Jack out. Leaving the court-yard and the waiting room on their left- hand, he advanced along the, right-hand side of the passage, and opened the door of a bed-chamber, always kept ready for use. A second door in the bed- chamber led to a bath-room. Here, opposite the bath, stood the cabinet in which the restorative applications were kept, under the care of the overseer. When the two men had gone out, Madame Fontaine ventured into the watchman's chamber. HIereyes turned towards the one terrible cell, at the farther end of the row of black curtains. She advanced towards it, and stopped, lifting her hands to her head in the desperate effort to compose herself. The terror of impending discovery had never left her since Jack had owned the use Sto which he had put the contents of the blue-glass bottle. Animated by that all- mastering dread, she had thrown away every poison in the medicine-chest - had broken the bottles 'into fragments-and had taken those frag ments out with her when she left the house to follow Dr. Dormann. On the way to: the cemetery she had scattered the morsels: of broken glass and torn paper on the dark road outside the city gate. Nothing now remained but the empty medicine-chest and the writing in cypher, once rolled round the poison called the " looking-glass drops." Under theose altered circumstances she had risked asking Doctor Dormann to interpret the mysterious characters on the bare chance of their containing some warning by which she might profit in her present ignorance of the results which Jack's ignorant interference might produce. Acting under the same vagno terror of that possible revival, to which Jack looked forward with such certain hope, she had followed him to the deadhouse, and had waited, hidden in the cells, to hear what dangerous confidences he might repose in the doctor or in Mr. Keller, and to combat on the spot the suspicion which he might ignorantly rouse in their minds. Still in the same agony of doubt she now stood, with her eyes on the cell, trying to summon the resolution to judge for herself. One look at the dead woman, while the solitude in the room gave her the chance-one look might assure her of the livid pallor of death, or warn her of the terrible possibilities: of awakeoning life. She hurried headlong over the intervening space and looked in;.. . There, grand and still, lay her murderous work I There, ghostly white on theo:ground of the' black robe, were the rigid hands, topped by the hideous machinery, which was' to betray theomif they trombled/ under the mysterious return of lifo 1. Iii the' instant when sihe saw it the sight! ovrwtvliehii?diher withihorror:i' S?e 'otu'ne'd distraotedly" and fled thrbugh' the openi dodrr. Slid cd?issed .the coutyaiiird like' a,"doeeor'. shlad'b dre?Oping swiftlytlirough thb dkrliness of 'th~ winter:' iiglit', On 'thel threshold of' theb solitaiy waitinguroom exhuisedtb;d iatue claimed its raiest She wavered g'roped ;ili herliands:; att the'? empty airn-and", sanlt insensible on the'floor: ''''` " : In the ,meai owtii piphwartz' revealed the, purpsd'of'hiri'vsitito theio bath-roomin.... The glasp0doors whiochlprotooted the upper division of the cabinoet was looked, the 'ley b'ing in the possession of.tho overseer.: TTe cupboard in the lovwer division, containinig, towels: and: flannel ; wrappers, was left unseeured,. Opening the'door, the watchman drew: out a bottle and'!an.:old i'travelling flask, concealed behind the bath-linen. " I call this my'cellar," he explained. "Cheer ujf,' Jacky; "we'll: have' .' jolly 'night of lit " I don't want to see youi"eollari"' I"said Jack impatiently:;i '"I'waisnt'to be of use to misti s-show'n: l nthe place where we call for help."'' " " Call'I" ,ropeated Schwartz, with a roar oflaughter.., "',Do you thinlk they. can hear its at tho,.oyerseer's,, thiough .a courtyard, and, a waiting-room, and a grand hall, and another courtyard, and another waiting-room beyond ? Not if we were twenty men all bawling together till we were hoarse I ' I'll show you how we can make theo.master hear us- if that miraculous revival of yours happens," he added facetiously in a whisper to himself. He led the way back into the passage and hold up his lantern so as to show the cornice. A row of firo- buelots was suspended there by hooks. Midway between them' a stout.ropo hung through a metal-lined hole in the roof. " ":Do yois see' that?"' seid B?hwairt. " You have only topull,'and tliere's an iron tongue in the belfry above that will speak loud enough to be hoard at the city gate. The overseer will come tumbling in, with his bunch of keys, as if the devil was at his heels, and the two women-servants after him-old and ugly, Jack I--they attend to the hath, you know, when a woman wants it', '"Wait a "bit I Take the light into the bodroom and got a chair for yourself-we haven't much accommodation for evening visitors. Got it ? that's right. Would you like to see whore the mad watchman hung himself 2 On the last hook at the end of the row there. We've got a song he made about the deadhouse. I thinkl it's in the drawer of the tablo. A gontleman had it printed and sold for time bonofit of the widow and ohildion. \Vait till we are well warmed with our liquor, and I'll toll you what I'll do-I'll sing you the mad watohman's song; and Jacky, my man, you shall sing the chorus I Tow-row-rub-a-dub-boomn-that's the tune, Pretty, isn't it3 ? Come along back to our snuggery." -I led the way to the watchman's chamber. CIiAPTElt XIX. Ja?d?k o?lkeod eagorly into itheO' oll again. Thoro was no changeo-pot a sign of that hlimppy' Wakling in whfolbh' 'so firmly bolievold, "' rm Schwartz opened the drawer of the table, Tobacco and pipes, two or three small ;driunli~g-glaisos, a dir'ty pack.of playing oitrds, the' mad walohman's song, with a woodout illustration of. the suicido--all lay huddl~edtogothoei'. le took from the drawer ShostongS and two of the drinking- glasses and called to his little guest to come out of the cell. " There," he said, filling his glass, "you never tasted such wino as that in all your life. Off with it I " Jack turned away with a look of disgust. "What did you say of wino when I drank with you the other night ? " he asked reproachfully. "You said it would warm my heart and make a man of me. And what did it do? I couldn't stand on my legs. I couldn't hold up my head-I was so sleepy and stupid that Joseph had to take me upstairs to my bed. I hate your wine I Your wine's a liar, who promises and doesn't perform I I'm' weary enough and wretched enough in my mind as it is. No. more wineo for me I " " Wrong I " remarked Schwartz, emptying his glass and smacking his lips after.it.; " You made a serious mistake the other night- you didn't drink half enough. Give the good liquor a fair chance, my son. No, you won't? Must I try a little gentle persuasion before you will :come back to your chair ? " Suiting the "aotion to the word, he put his arm round Jack. "What's this I fool under. my hand ?" he asked. "A bottle ? " He took' it out of Jack's breast - pocket. " Lord help us " :he exclaimed, ' it lookshlike physic I " Jack snatched it away from him, with a cry of delight. " The very thing for me and I never thought of it I " 'It'was the phial which Madame Fontaine had repentantly kept to herself after having. expressly filled it for him with the fatal doses of , ." Alexander's Wino "-the phial which he had found when he first opened the pink-room cupboard. In the astonishment and delight of finding the blue-glass bottle immediately afterwards, he had entirely forgotten it. Nothing had since liapponed to remind him that it was in his pocket until' Schwartz had stumbled on the discovery. " It ouros you. when., you "rie 'tired- or troubled iaiyour mind," Jaok"ianndunoed in hifs:''rnidde't manner, . r;peating Madame Fontaino's bwn words,". Is there any water here :: :' Not' a `dro·p,, thanki heaven I said Schwaritz, devoutly : " Give me my'glass then: I once. tried th:resemedy by itSelf, and it stung me! as it went downL The wine won't huirt?, me'with this splendid, stuff in it. I'l ake it in ;the " Who told you to take it'?.: SohWarts asked,. holding back the glass. " :' " Mrs Housekeeper told me :: ..' " mA woman !" 'growled Sohwartz, :in: a tone?;of f..sovereign contempt.. .Hiw dare you let a woman physic yoiu, ~h~leh you'ye got me for a' doctor ? Jack I I' ~i ashamed of you." ' Jack. defernded: hli~n muinhoda.o ,.-O,, I. idon' case What iwe snyd 1I" Idods piseh'etx shoes-mad. ...You.don't.... supposo. shie. made this ? I wouldn't touch it if she had. No, no; her ihusband made it--a ?boiderful man I the greatest man in Germany I: Heireachedaorossi the table aiid sb`nrid his glass ofwii.e. 'Beflore it'wa:ipossibloe 'to interferoe,h had emptied the contents of the phial into,it, .nd, had,,,raisedi i, "t 'ti"j i lips. At thaft' ??nyi?nt, Scilivart?'sdrti'etraii'. ing hand found itswy.vy to hisp wrist. The deputy watchiian ha ffnir too sincere a" regard for good wine to .permit iti' to be' drunk, in combination with physic,, at his own table. " Put it down I!" lo said x'rilffl~ !' Yodu'ro my visitor, ainit' ypu ? Do y'ou think I'nm going to let housekeeper's oRa t- nbi dr?insh?i. iqt .my;,t~bl94,' Loplhere I' He held up hiiis travollng-as, With . metal drinlkng-oup taken off, so as tosishow, the~ hiquor~,througl Itlie 'glass. ',,The' riohl'. ambortxolour of It fascinated Jackl. Ho,put his wine glass back oni the, thable. " Whit is iO ? r f be a e~ g o rhg01 J t o k! 1 " ' y -fo'yl Brandy ' o d He poured out a di'am i thmetaloup; "' .T ry that," "he.. said, "a . . 'd 6i t ? 'm.'. . hoar any- more Abou th liousekpr' physio." . e Jaclt tasted it. The water came iiito"his' eyes-heib" :tit .lhii~? d oni lhis 'throat.' j:?'Fire Ih!;hlio gasped faintly;s A: .; S"Wait ", said. Schwartz;,,.?,. . Jack waited Time fieriygrip of he brand? relaxed ; the genial warmth of it was'iaftba' through him.persuasively,from head to foot. Ho took anotlihe "sip. "'His' 'dyes -begaii 'to glitter. " What divine being maid?cthii.??! hoe: asl?ed.": Withoit 'waiting ito'rlb' an swered, he tried it again,;land :emptied the; cup. "tMore I ' he cried. " I never felt so big, I never felt:so strong, Inever ifelt so clve'r, 'as'I'feel' how l :"'" Schwartz, drlnlking freely from his 6'wn' bottle, recovered, and more than rooovered,:: his Bacchanalianu; good :lidimodi'. :;'He olapeiod Jaclc 'oiilio'e shoulder.: '" Who's the'right dootdr1,no~.'I ,he r'': asliadeholeer: fully. "A drab of a housekeeper ? -orx Father BSohwarta? (?Yotr hbealtli, ;imy jolly{ boy I When'thle bottlo's empty, I hell p yout to finish the flask..,. Drink 'away I :and ?the. devil take all heeooltaps I "- I,r'ed :,::i'i:" The next, dose oflbrindy fired ajolt. exditabl lirisi itia iit1 ?W 'idea. .He foll'i on. his knees at the table, and clasped his hands in a sudden forvour of .dovotidfi' " Silence I i he commanded sternly. "Your wiino's only 4 ifdor You dri6iikable gold is a god;.: Tuo ?? bir dap off, Sdhwliate. -I'm worshbipping drinkableo gold I ',I<.. 0; .S0listi?c,:.highly diverted, throw lis: dpji upo* tlio eiling. "Allow me to help your sacred majesty back to the chair," lie said.. Jack's answer betrayed anothor chango in him, 'His tones wore 'lofty; his manner was distant, . " I prefer tihe floor," hlie said; " hand madown my mug." As he reached' up to take it, the alarm-boll over the door caught his eye. Debased as hlie was by the fiery strength of the drink, his inoradioable love for his mistress made its noble in fluence felt through tlhe coarse fumes that weoro mounting to his brain. ."Stop I " he oried. " I must be whero I can see the bell -I must be ready for her thle instant it rings." He orawled aoross tihe floor, and seatoed himself with his backl against the 'wall of one of the empty colls, on tholoft-hnmudl aside of the' room. S#hwartz, shaking his ,fat sides with laughitr, hiudod down tho ~ uop to his guest, Jack took noi notioo of t, His eyes, rioddoind already by the brany L weore fixed on tlhe bell opposite tbohi "I want to know about it,' heol slaid' " What's that steeool thing~i theoirenider the brass cover ? " " What's thie uso'e of asiiig ??So'viciarz replied, turning4t his bottloi "Iwan'tto Iknow I L "Patlonooe, JackL?ptionc '" Follow n~y foro.fingor, My hand. sooems to h'al'o a little; but it's as honest a hand as ever was. That steel thing there is the bell hammer, you know. And bless your heart, the hammer's everything. Cost, Lord knows how much. Another toast my son, good luck to the bell I " Jack changed again; he began to cry. " She's sleeping too long. on that. sofa min: there," he said sadly. "I want her. to.:. speak to me; . I want her to scold 'me for drinking in this horrid place. My heart's all cold again. Where's the mug ? ". He found it as he spoke; the fire of the brandy -went down his throatponce more, and lashed hini into frantic high'spirits " I'm up in the clouds I " he shouted; " I'm riding on a 'ghirlwind. Sing, Schwartz I Ha I there are the stars twinkling throughI the sky light I . Sing ,the stars down fiom heaven ", Schwaitzo' opened his bottle, withoutf tlie ceremony 'of;using :the "glass; ""Now we Iare : rimed if' he said-"' now' for the mad watchman's. song." He, snatched up the paper from the table,, and roared out hoarsely the first'verse:--' The moon was shining cold and bright, In the Frankfort doadhouse, on Now Year's night, AndI was watchman, left alone, While the rest'to feast id danucoe wore goon'; r enviod their lot; and cursed my own Poor meo! " Chorus, Jack I ' I envied their lot, and cursed my own--'."'.'... The last words of'the verseo were lodst in a yell of drunken,:terror; Schwartz started out of.his chair, and pointed, panic stricken,. to the lower end of the room. " A ghost I" lhe screamed. '"?:A ghost in. black at..thi Jack looked round, and'burst oit laugh ing.: .' Sit down again, you: old..fool," he said " It nlyMrs. Housekeeper... We are suringih lfs Hoiiuseeepdlip iYou eavee t heard?t?y-voice yet. '- I ath6 fl'n tiiiest er in Geormany. , re vegyois Madame Fontaine apnplioaohoed ,him humbly??' You have "a ind heari ack I am sure you will ,heolp.,me," ,.shoe, said. " ShoRw' me how to get out of this: frightful' place. "'Tidevil take' yo " growled, Schwartz, reoo'yeig hiself. How.did ,.you? get. S he's'a `itchl'" sioeboted Jack:. '" She rode? in oni ' broomstick-shed crept : in" thro u lh,,the keyhole. Where's the, fire? Let's take' ,eez downistairs and burn hlier I"'. S howatz appliedli himself to the braiindy., flask,?and begA to lauigh again:;.. ' " There never was suc4 good company as Jack" I" said i hi oiliest "toe. .e i "Yout c't g'et out to niglit, l Witch.. :'?liogted.aroe lookeotaihd they .don't trust me 'with the key. .Walkii?n ? 'am. IPloity rodffaodm.ioi .modation.for ,you, on that, side of the .room. Where Jack sits. We are slack of guests foi the graveb to-night. Walk in." SShe renowed her entreaties. " I'll give you all"tlie money.:I hliav'O iboit .me I eh;' can I gi.tbo for the 'key??. .'JckI ak "Jaoloki' speaklforame I o·?,6ii with theo song ".. cried Jack. ?: Sho 'aipealid agaiin n 11i'r!4 despair to Sohwa rtz+..0'. sir,, haveomercy on me I I faiinted,, out, there-and, wlhon I came to myself, .'tried t o~"pen the 'gatbs--aid I called, and called, and nobod lioeard me." Schwartz's sense of humnou: was tickled by this' ':JIf.you' ould,`lyllo v like a bull,"' he said, nhibody;couit liiear'you. T akeh y , a. seat ..ma'.... ap ,n i + . -'. r- ::"- .. ' '+ r ' .':; { . ! Go on with the song," Jack reiterated. "I'm tired of .waiting." r Madame Fontaine looked wildly from one to the qtherof them ",' ; OGuod, I.'mlooked in wtlh an idiot and ar drunkard ? ''. The thionght of it maddened her as it crossed her ,mind. Once morq she. fled fromthe room b Again and agiin, in the ouiter'dark noes, she shrieked for help. Schwartz advanced staggering towards the "door, with Jiok's empty chair in his hbitind.:" Perhaps you'll be able to' pip a little higher, ma'am, if yooii"ebmo back and sit down ? Now for the song,' Jack! "i He burst out' with the second verse : : Bakwards and forwards witlh silent tread,' : I- walked on my watch by the doors of the dead. And I'said it's hard, on thi Ndow Year, W) !:iiWloe the rest are dancing to leave me hes lore, A. lone with death and cold and fear ' , . Poor mnl I " Cholirus, Jaclk I 'hoi's,"' Mrs. House :keepoer! :Ho Ic'ho 1 loolbatlhor I;. i:She, can't rest the music-she has come back to .us already.:; WVhat'eoan ;wetdo for you ma'm ? The flask's not. quite drained yet. Come -and have a , ,.d ink... ' SSheli- had r`tdurnoed' reeoiling from the outer" darlness and silence, giddy with, the .sickening :sense of a faintness which was creeping ovoi' her again. When Schwartz spoke she advanced with tottering steps, '"Wateor I sel::i exclaimed, gasping foi breath, "I'm faint-water I water I P ' Not a dropin theoplace, mna'am I Brandy, if you liho ? 'forbid .it I ', cried Jack, with a peremp tory plign of tie hand. "Drinkable gold is for ,us-not for hl?r •"'" ::The glass of',wino :whioe Soliwstizgiad provented him fromi drinlking caught his notice: To give Madame Fontaine her own "remedy," stolen from her own room, was just the sort of trick to ploease Jack in his -prosont humour. He pointed to the glass, and winked at the watchmanu. After a moment's hositation, Schwartz's .muddled braiu absorbed the now idea. "Hero's a drop of wine left, mna'am. Suppose you try it ?" Sho loaned one hand on the table to sup port horsolf. Iecr heart sank lower and lower; a cold perspiration bedowed her face. " Quick! quick I " she murmured faintly. Sho seized the glass and emptied it eagerly, to the last drop. Schwartz and Jackleyod her with malicious curiosity. The idea of getting away was still in hler mind, "I· thin' I can walk now," sho said. "For Cod's sake, let me out I " " IIavcu't I told yn already I can't 'gt.out ,myself, ..." At that brutl' uanswer, she ehiank lbkli , ~lowly and feolly she h lunid'ir way to 'the chair,,anld dropped on it.,, C'Cheeor· up?l?" a'mmI " said ShwairtE; ." ylosisllleave nior music toh01p you ..ouc shell hoair how thee mad watolemase tost his 'iits. ',Anotlher drop of the drinkable i.:old,;.Jak; A dram for yon, andd another for m?oi-iad :liereo' goes I JI' Ie roared out ;thdlasnit veorses of tho song :- . A uiy companyey's better thancin cIoe I nall I SIfI canl'tethva the livhig, I'd lio the dead. :In cie 'terrillo moment more, Tiese opesohbell cang at aoch csll dose', Ties se moonlighet shivoiod o n tler hleor The curtains gaped; thtro stood ti ghost, On every tlhreshold, as white as frost,, I. You called us, they shricked, and ye gathered? Ssoon; Daneos ith your guests by the Now Year's moon ! I danced till I dropped in a deadly swoon Poor me I And since that night I've lost my wits, AndIshbako with ceasoless ague.fits" ....or theghosts the? turned me cold as stone, On that Now Year's night when the white moon -?:' ' sehone, :. H I, And I walked on my watch all, all alone Poor me I And, O, when I lB in my coffin. . ' Heap thick the earth above my head I' Or I shall come back, and dance once more, With frantic feet on the doeadhouso floor, And a gliost for a partner at every door- Poor mel Thoe night had cleared. While Schwartz was sgining the moon'shone in at the sky light. ;')At thei last verse of the song a ray of the cold: yollow light streamed across Jack's 'face. The fire of the brandy leapt .into 'flame-the. madness broke out of him with a burst of its liygone fury. He sprang, sreaming; to his feet. ' The `nmoon . '" lie shouted- '! the'i mad.' watchmana's nioou TThe "iad watclihman himself is 'comiing b'ack. There he is, sliding, down. on .the slanting light !. Do you se;'the bro+io": h'i''of of tihe gravo drop ping from him,. and the rope round his neck ? . Ha I how he skips and twists. and twirls I He's dancing again with the dead ones. Make' way there! I moan to. dance withi them too. Come on, mad:i'vaEhtian--come' oni I'm asinad asyouaro . He whirled round and round ivith the fancied ghost!.for a partner 'in thoe dance: 1Tli coarse lauglter of 'chwartz' liurst'out again at' the' terrible 'sig?t:i He called,:' .with drunken triuimiph, to Madiame Fon !taine.: "Look at Jacky, ma'am. Thero's a dancer for you I There's good company for' ar- dull' winter night ". She neither looked nor moved--she sat crouched on tliohe olhair, slpellboiind 'withl terro.oi Jack thirow up this arms, turned giddily once or twice, "and "sank exhautedd' on the floor.:'' "Tl'he cold? of him orieps ip' my hanlids,' hl; said,'' still; possessed by the vision of; the atlich 'man..: .."He cools my eyes;, hoe calms my ihehart,. lh stuns my head: I'm dying, dyingf dying -'oig gbacik ith him .to the gravi :Poor; me: l poor me I:!'' iHe' lay hushed in a strange repose; ;his. eyes :'wide opens :staring utp at the :moon. Schwartz drained the ldst, drop of branidy' out of tlheflas. " Jack's nameb ought tocbe Solomonu," lho'e pronounced with drowsy solemniiity. 'ISolomon wnas wiso .and Jack's misee. Jack goes to sleop wlihen the liquor's. dlone." -TaIke; away the bottle o"before: thei overseer comes in. If any m i',says I'mii' not soeo;r, thal mn 'lies ?lThe r ine ii ineo lhas a way of liumming in:oi n s head: .Thit's gall, lMr,,Overseoer-that's ; all;: Do:I'see the sun irisifig up thereoin the skylight ? I 'wieshi you good-niglh ,; I wisl-yo good He laid his heavy arms on theiotable; his, lhead diopled' oin themn-li?oslopt. . T :,hI:time:passed. No:, sound Blroke?,:tlies silence but. the 'snoring . of B.Sohwartz i: No`. ohlii go appeared 'iti' Jaek;'k tler' he llay ' staring up at the moonr . : :,:. Som?ivhere in the building a clock struckl th first;lioiir of thlie.moriiig. iMad?itonm :Fonitainoe :itrtd.,i 'The' souiid shook her. withl a now fear-a fbeari.thiat ! ecpressed itself in furtive look at thie cell! iin'hiioh:' theo deado woman 'hj'y. 'Ifs tih (corps?ebell'iarig, w6iild thc'; stroke' of''it ?be i like the single stroke of the clock:: ;? i'i". i" Jack I she whispered. "Do youihear' the 'olook ? 0, , Jack, 'th stillness' is diead-, full"S5i k to me." He slowly raised himself.. Perhapaithe' striking of the clock--perhaps some .inner prompting-had aroused him. He neither; aniswerod Madame Fontaine nor looked at her.' With his arms clasped round his kniees, he sat on the floor in, the attitude of a ?savago. .His eyes, which had stared' at the moon, now stared with' the' same rigid glassy look at the alarm-bell over the cell The time wont on.i' Again the oppression of sileinobebecame mioo: than? Madam?i Fon taiue, could e'indur.. :Again', shlii' tried to makeiJack: spoak, to' her:. ". What are you looking at? ".. she asked. " Whataie you waiting for ? is it ? " The re''st of the' sentence died away on her lips': the words. that would finish .it were Svoids too terrible to be' spokeci. . . The sound of her voice, produced no vissible impression on Jack. He id.t in fluenoed him in some. unseen way?,;. Some thing" did, certainly disturb the strange tbrpor that 'hold him. 'He spoke'.' The tones woro slow and mochanical-the tones of a man searching his memory with. pain and..difficulty; repeating his recolloctions, one by one, as he recovered them, to him self., '' When she moves," le mmutteredl, " her lihds. pull'the string. Hert hands :'send message up: up and up to the lbel'l He paused and pointed to the cell-door. ' The actibn had a horrible siuggetiven;ioss to' tlith uilty wrotoli who 'wewawtching liim'i "Don't do thatl " she o.riod. "Don't` poitfillere'". " His hanead nover, moved; le pursued his newly-fouind' reoolloections' of what the doctor. had shown' to him,' ' Up and up to the bell," he repeated. '"And the boll feeools it. Thoe stool thing moves. The bell speaks., Good bell ! Faithful belll " . The clock struck the half hour past otto. Madame Fontaine shatiokod at the sound her:senses Iknow no distinction between the 'look and the bell, . She saw his pointing Ibnad drop back and clasp itself with the other hand round his knees. He spoko-softly and tonderly now-he was speakinge to.the dead. "Rise, mistress, risel Dear soul, the tileo is long; and poor Jack is waiting for youI " 'Se tholought the closed curtains moved: the deolusion was reality to hlr.i; hli .tried to rouso Solhwirtl.. ". Watlrhume I w"ulhtuan I Wakoe up I. '!'He' blopt on as heavily as over;.i :,'.: , Se. eiitalf aroso lfrom hloer lur.. hle?ya ,almlosti on ilher fooeet --hliho she i ak bas'ill? h.gaihi' Jiack .]lad moved.- e" gHot 11p onbi his kuboes " Mi.~ihttrosslr'?rseithe1A' I."li'.litidL Te'lioghi t. ovl"id evti rdsaiion'hsohiow?k ithelf igot on eec is feot-hot pressed both ileehe .ov ies lio~oi4 ' "obrireo.", he said 0O ltteiibose, mo I ', Tlheir.was a sriouiinida fa1i? ,i i;m onito?y .rustling sound oer the doe .;-: The steel hammer moved-rose--struck tho metal globe. The bell rang. He stood rooted to the floor, sobbing hysterically. The iron grasp of suspense held him. Not a cry, not a movement escaped Madame Fontaine. The life seemed to' have been struck out of her by the stroke of the bell. It woke Schwartz. Except . that he looked up, he too never moved : h6 too was like a living creature turned to stone. A minute passed. The curtains swayed gently. Tremulous' fingers crept out, parting them. Slowly; over the black surface of the curtain, a fair naked arm showed itself, widening the gap.. S1 The figure appeared, in its velvet pall;' On the pale face the stillness of repose was barely ruffled yet. The eyes alone were conscious of returning life. They looked out on the room, softly surprised and per plexed-no more. They looked down. wards: the lips trembled sweetly into a smile. She saw Jack kneeling in ecstacy;, at her feet. :.. : And now again, there was stillness in the roomin. Unutterablo hapljiiiess redjiced,-.uo utterable dread'spffered, in the same silence. The first sound heard camo suddenly from thoe lonely outei ropm. Hurrying'footsteps, swept; over' the?: coiretyad., The flash of lights flew along this dark passsage. V,;oices of men and women milgling together poured into the witchan's chliamber. ';:: :. (Tos Le csetsnnwd 