QUEENSLAND. DIOCESE OF BRISBANE. OKSEdLATIOH OF THR BIGHT BJ5V. DR. DTJITCfE. On Sunday last, the 18th nlfc, in St Stephen's Cathedral, the Bight Bev. Bobert Daane, D.D., was solemnly consecrated Biahop of Brisbane. There was a very large attendance, though the weather was bad, and among those present were'many members of other denominations. The ornamentation of the high altar and its surroundings reflect great credit on the Sisters of Mercy, to whom the work was confided. The floral decorations were rich and appropriate. The wall behind the altar was covered with a curtain of crimson damask, along the top of which was inscribed in letters of gold the text, "Ecce tocerdoi magtuu qui in didw suit placuit Deo a inventus est /wstas" (" Behold a great priest who in his days pleased God and was found just). The bishops aud clergy present were as follows:—Consecrating prelate—the Most Rev. Koger Bede Vaughan, O.S.B., Archbishop of Sydney; bishop-eleot— the Bight Rev. Robert Dunne, D.D.; assistant bishops—the Right Bev. James Murray, D.D., Bishop of Maitland; and the Bight Rev. William Laulgan, D.D. Bishop of Goulburn; the Right Rev! John Caul, D.D., Bishop of Rockhampton; assistant priest—the Rev. J. P. M. Connolly; deacon—the Bev. J. A. Canali; sub-deacon—the Rev. J. M. Cummins; master of ceremonies—the Very Rev. Dean Dwyer and the Rev. James J. Horan; chaplains—the Rev. D. J. Byrne, to tbe Bishop-elect; the Very Bev. P. Hand, V.Gh, to the Bishop of Maitland, the Rev. A. Horan, to the Bishop of Goulburn; the Rev. T. O'Connell, to the Bishop of Rockhampton ; notary—the Rev. J. B. Breen • and the Bev. D. Fouhy, the Bev. John O'Reilly, the Very Bev. Dean Kenny, the Bev. B. Scortechinl, the Bev. P. Capra, and the Rev. P. Corrigan. Immediately after the Gospel the Bight Rev. Dr. Murray, Bishop of preached, taking as his text the 28th verse of the 20th chapter of the Acts of the Apostles:—" Take heed to yourselves, aud to your whole flock, wherein the Holy Ghost has pledged bishops to rule the Church of God, which He had purchased with His own blood." His Lordship the Right Bev. Dr. Dunne assisted at Vespers, and officiated in full pontificals at Benediction of the Blessed Sacrament, assisted by the Rev. D. Fouhy as deacon, aud the Rev. J. B. Breen _as sub-deacon. The sermon was preached by ids Grace, Archbishop Vaughan. [Abridged from the Australian,] 