CRICKET COSSIP. By Mid-Ox. Tho match between Melbourne and South Mel bourne for tho Cleeland Cup, which had been commenced on tho 28th ult., was continued on tho M.C.C. ground last Saturday and advanced a very important stage— advanced, in fact, to such a degree that at present it looks tho proverbial guinea to a gooseberry on the M.C.C. being ablo to adorn their committco room with Mr Clee- .land's costly trophy before tho arrival in Mel bourne of their English guests. But notwith standing tho present stage of tho gamo favoring this viow of tho probable result, all old criokotors arowoll awaro that an innings is no moro vir tually then absolntoly over until tho fall of tho last wickot, and on suoli a perfect tnrf as that on which this contest is being fonght out one or moro of tho dospisod tail end may assist in putting i very different complexion on tho gamo during tho first hour of this afternoon's play — provided, of course, that tho batsmon are favored with such boautiful woatber as attended tho operations of last Saturday. With tho South Molbourno sooro at 153 and throo Melbourne wickets down for -10 tho first day's play bad loft tho gamo very open, South Molbourno supporters fooling the utmost confidonco that they wero pos- sossod of a sufliciont number of good change bowlers to prevent thoir score boing topped, .and Molbourno being satisfied that with an undoubtedly roliablo batting toam this desirable achievement wa3 Quite within tho bounds of probability, Tho result proved that the latter view was not ovor ambitious, tho Mol bourno total being CO nhoad of tboir opponents' when tho dismissal of Aloxandcr closed their first innings. Vint, who joined tho not-out batsman (Burton) .lastSaturilay, hitupavigorousanduBoful20, being particularly sovoro on Cooper, to whom however ho at length sneenmbed through gotting too far under a ball from tho South Melbourno captain and giving Coupar a chance at long-on which was gratefully accepted, tho fieldor making a well judged catch, Kelly, whoso batting of late amply justified tho sxpoetation that bo would success fully negotiate tho opposing bowling, appeared strangely uncomfortable, and after being com pletely stuck up by Coopor fell a victim to Min- obin, off whoso bowling ho was cloverly caught at tbo wickets by Hopkinson withont incroa3ing tho Molbourno total. Half tho wickots having fallen for loss than half tho score set thorn, Melbourne's chanco of making 153 looked anything but rosy at this stage, and when Brueo wasruti outthrougb bis own hesitation and Conpar's good fielding tho Southerners wero in high glee. Tho noxt corner, Edwards, who had not previously during tho pre sent season shown his' usual oxcoUcnco, mndo umplo amonds for this contretemps, andduringhia long stay at the wickots oxhibitod admiraklo judguiout, combined with splendid dofenco ; his capital timing and placing of the tempting deliveries of W. H, Coopor boing decidedly tlio feature of tho afternoon. Edwards has seldom played a more commcndablo inniuga, for barring a somewhat uppiah atroko to tho on off a full pitch from Coopor, which, however, afforded no clulnco to tlio field, his perfurmanco was faultloss, and highly appreciated by his sido, to whom it was in valuable. During EdwurdB's innings, Burton, who had boon batting for over an hour with the utmost caro, was splendidly stumped by Hopkin- Bon off Mincbin, and Tennont, whoBUCcoodod him. had played woll and vigorously for 14 wlion, aftor making a rnn, ho carelessly stood outsido tho batting crossc and allowed Coupar tho chanco of lifting the bails, which of courso tho South . Molbourno man was not slow in doing— a por- foctly logitimate proceeding for which tho bats man; was alono to blame. Alexander strodo to tho wicket and at oneo commenced to oporato on Coopor in a way which scorned to say "I'll show you whether you did right in leaving me out of tliat .Victorian .eighteen. His innings of 51 was characterised by very fino free hitting, including a beauty to log off tho South Molbourno captain whioh landed clean ovor tho chains. Goldsmith, who played in this match vice Dickson, had only timo to make 4 wbon bis captain was caught, . and tho innings closed for 213, leaving Molbourno with tho useful start of 60 runs. Tho Cup rulos providing that during tho month of Novomberploy . shall continue until half-past six. South Mol bourno had an hour left to bat, snu as tho light was gotting dull, and tho inevitable shadows certain to make thoir unwelcome appearance in . half that timo, tho circumstance was to them' most unfortunate. Bosscr, who had piayod so woll in tho first inningB, went in first with Slight, but aftor making 4 was olean bowled by Bruco— a serious loss to tho South. Baker following madoa succession of ineffectual attempts to hit Eclly to leg, tho repeated failures of this usually euro hittor being almost ludierous. Howovor, ho at last settled down, and a big score seemed Imminent wbon Tennont disposed of tho left- handor bv a good eatoh in tho long field. Gibson was uuablo to resist Bruco in tho failing .light, . and soon retired clean bowled for 2, but Freeman, ' whofollowod, played good oriokot for 18; riils3ing nothing on tho log sido, and boing ovontnally givon out as caught at tho wickots, -to 'tbo- evidont disgust of tbo batsman, who affirmed that tho umpire was quito wrong in supposing ho had played tho bail. Coupar mado 4 aud was clean bowled by Bruco wbon ono moro ball would have ended tho day's play. This was especially hard luck for tho South, Coupar boing' a heavy- ami most consistent scorer. Blight, who went in first, carried his bat for 27— a performance for which ho dosorvea tho utmost praiso, ovcrystroks being perfect, and no possiblo chanco given, although his innings, which occupied an hour, was played in a had light, and wliilo his comrades, woro falling in a . manner by no moans" in spiriting to him. As tbo South are only IS to the good, havo lost five wickets, and possess ml. admitted tail end in batting, tbo mstOu looks' almost ovor, but if Slight should rocoivo any assistance from tiio remaining batsmen a sur prise may yet result, for tho crack South Mel- bournelto is in rare form just now, and I bavo scon W. H. Coopor at the finish of an innings exhibit stronger dofonce than ho was supposed to possess. However at present tho M.O.C. look to havo about fivo wickots tho better of it. A vory decided foaturo in Saturday's play, which descrvos special notico, was tbo wiokctkccping of Hopkin son, and in the absence of " tbo only Blackham" X am inclinod to think that South Melbourne's socond string is the best keeper of tbo sticks in Molbourno. Tbo fioldingon both aides was highly oommondablo. A very strong team roprcaontod East Mel- ' bonrno in tboir match against tho Bondigo United on Saturday, and a splendid wickot having boon proparod tbo homo toam succeeded in making 197 runs, dospito tho splendid' fielding of tho visitors, which was greatly and deservedly ad- mired throughout. Scott was cloan bowled by Maekay after compiling but 17, so that his aver- ago, which was 243, is now only 130. " What a dropdown," I heard remarked and could not help thinking " Who would complain of coming down to 130 runs per innings!" Groubo's innings of 59 was a model of pationco and of groat valuo to tbo batsmon, who fol lowed him, and Musgrovo contribute 29 in b'e usual elogant stylo. W. F. Hastings levied on the Bondigo bowling to tho extent of 21, M'Siianeknoekedit about unceremoniously for 22, and Allco and Robertson mado 19 and 14 respec tively, both playing woll. Tho visitors were Abligod to call into action nil their bowling rosorvos, but the opposing battinghvas equal to tho occasion. Tho 15.U.C.C. havo a first class wickotkccper in Harry, who it will bo remembered dis tinguished binself somo years ngo by a splendid batting performance against Gregory's Australian . eloveu. The East Melbourne bowlers, Robertson, Trapp, M'Shane and Scott-, succeodcd in dismis sing six of the visiting toam for 70 runs, tlio match being drawn much in tho Jolimonters' favor. Tlio rotcran Bcswick carried his bat for 40, but Bruco with 12 was the only doublo figure. Boforo the present season was fairly under way I montioncd the probability of tho St. Kilda club once moro emerging from the obsour position it has occupied of late, and I am now' happy to say that thi3 consummation so devoutly wished for by the club's fricnd'3 took place lastSsturdaj-j when tbo St. Kiida playors really performed well against their old opponents, Oarlton, keoping possession of tho wickets untill75 runsweroscored. This performance, aftor such a vory long run of ill success, is tho more satisfactory from tho faot that tiio scoring was woll divided, no less than soven double figures appearing on tho list. Two colts, Currio and Harper, who' havo before por- formod creditably during this season, played well for 85 and 26 respectively. A. Bonjafiold, who has returned to St. Kilda from the ranks of Carl ton, made a capital 22 against his lato confrdrei, and Jcllard assisted in bringing up tho total by a well got 20, the Oarlton bowlers. Chapman, Wallers, Browning nnd Spoar, having a much harder task than had been anticipated, l'o-doy tbo St. Kilda mon will havo an opportunity of showing whether their howling and fielding baro improved as the batting appears to have done. Williamstown scored a meritorious win ovor Fitzroy in their match which was concluded on Saturday, tho soasiders' socond innings amount ing to 190. l'itzroy, having a start or 9 runs on tho first innings, therefore required 182 to win, a task which evidently did not dismay tho first two batsmon, O'Hnra and Trinniok, wlio piayod rat tling cricket for 53 and 25 respectively ; but tho fall of Trinnick's wickot was tho bogiunjng of tlio' end, for the remaining oiglit batsmen (Ellis being absent) could only manage to add 10 runs amongst them, fivo of the eight failing to score at all, and with 0 byes the total reached 94, loaving Wil liamstown winners by S7 runs. Tho collapse of Fitzroy was brought about cblolly by Thompson, who secured five wickots, J uckes getting throe. Tho Sandridgo ground was tho seono of somo good baiting by tho local toam on Saturday, their visitors from Kow boing kopt in tho field during tho wholo afternoon, and tho total reach ing 153. Six of tho team made doublo figures, Cormaok aud Trcadaway.latoof SouthMelbourno, boing amongst them. In tho match between East Melbourno second cloven and Scotch College, won by tho former, H. Graco, formerly of St. Kilda, bowled six wickots for 2ti runs. Truly a bowler has somotimos no honor in his own country, for at St. Kilda I havo hoard it frequently Baid that Graco had lost his bowling entirely. The juniors, who had all taken a spoil onDcrby day, resumed tho competition for Iloylo and Scott s cup on Saturday, considerable progress boing mado with sovcral of tlio matches. Footscray and Yarra Yarra are about half way through a match which is so far slightly in favor ot tho lattor club ; tho Star of Gro3venor and South Molbourno Imperial wore within 5 of each other in the first innings, hut in their second effort tlio lattor havo lost three wickots for 1 run; the l'arkvillo have started woll against tlio Uni versity, and North Fitzroy ran up 158 against the Victorian United— a first- rato porformauco. Tlio thrico victorious Capulels bavo at lastcaught a Tartar in tbo Quecnsbcrry club, who mado 32, and dismissed nine Capulot batsmon for 31. I have, however, so often seen tho latter win in tho faco. of .most ndverso circumstances that I fool euro if defeated this timo they will dio very hard. . . Can any ono toll mo what constitutes a junior crickotor? or who would ovor havo dreamt of mooting Sam English in the remote ranks of Footscray? Yotsoitis, tho ox-South Molbourno- ito, whoso wondrous feats of doxtority at " log and covor " in days of yore had a good doal to do with many a Southorn triumph, is captain of tho Footscray team compoling for Boylo and Scott's Cup. No, I can't picture Sam a junior, it ia too great an anomaly ; but I can and do iioartily congratulate the Footscay club on the possession of a skipper up to ovory movo in tho game, justly popular on and off tbo fiold, and ominontly quiilifiod to "teach tho young idea', how to bat, bowl, fiold and bohavo. X was shown by Mr. David Scott tho other day . the splendid trophy which the firm of Boylo and Scott present this year, in accordanco with thoir usual oustom, for competition amongst tho junior clubs. Tho oup, whioh is now on viow in the firm's window, must of necessity oxcito oven mora than tho ordinary degrco of keon competition amongst tho juniors, being a sploudid speoinion of tho silvorsmith'b art, 18 inohca high and 10 inohes in diamotcr. In tho contra is a hand some piece of chasing depioting a cricket ground on which a match is boing piayod, tho handles are two figures symbolical of plenty ; a kangaroo, and oinu, in sllvor. are appropriately prommont on-tho boss, tho wholo boing surmounted by au okoollont figure, in gold, of a crickotor. The trophy-is valued at 20 guinoas, and does credit to tho good tasto of Mr. Harry Boylo, by whom tho design was selootod, and to whoso order it was manufaotnrod in England. The members of tho Bendigo United team, who visited Molbourno last weok, wero vory much annoyed at thoir match against lliclimond, which hail boon arranged at tlio mooting of secretaries in September, falling throngh. Surely metropo litan socrotarics should pause before making fixtures with up-country clubs if any doubt exists as to tho ongagomonts boing kopt. It was only last month that tbo Bondigo club woro visitod by a toam from tho M.O.C. which it would have been base flattery to call a third oiovou, tho match in consequence boing anito dovoid of in terest ; and now thny to tbz mntfepzlis -te tfi disappointed l>y llichmond. Considering tiio hospitality and welcomo almost invariably bestowed by country alub3 on their visitors, a leading provincial olub liko tlio B.U.O.C, de serve n littlo moro consideration than thoy havo met with. Mr. W. H. Cooper, tho seloctor of teams for tlin Victorian Cricketers' Association, has commenced tho weeding out process, having reduced his originally selected eiglitoon to thirtcon, from whom tho oloven to represent Victoria in tho match against tho Englishmen will bo choson. Unfor tunately the names of two of theboBt mon in tbo. original list are conspicuous by tbeir ab sence, Frank Allan being unabto to play, and Slight having decided to enter into tbo holy estate of -matrimony noxt wook. 'l'ho bowlor of a century is, and always has been, an occoiitrio customer, and it has gonoraily boon late in tho day that the announcement of his inability to play in big matcbo3 has boon mado, but Slight's absonco will bo a great blow to tlio Victorians. Mr. Bligb's team is so wonderfully strong in batting that in selecting tbo Victorian oloven it has been necessary to includo as many likely bowlers as possible ; the loss, therefore, of one of tbo vory best bats in tho team, and a splendid field to boot, will be severely folt, and tbo only consolation rests in tlio knowlcdgo of the felioi- to us circumstances which demand Mr. Slight'3 absencefrom tlio match. The omission oftheso two names being tluiB necessitated, Mr. Coopor has mado a judioioas selection from tbo remaining talout at his disposal, but bis roal difficulty will bo in culling out tho othor two. Doubtless ho has bad scores of suggestions volunteered, and as doubtless will follow his own judgment, which, asarulo, is not far out, tiutiuopo that it itcomce to a question botween two batsmon of nearly oqual calibre, whichever is tbo bottor field will bo chosen ; ono life givon to any ono member of tbo English team (barring Morloy) is quite likely to cobI 50 or CO runB. Tbo orortlirow of "Our Boys" by Hornby's North of England oloven was in somo dogreo a balm to tlio gaping wound that had boon in flicted by tbo Australians on Kenniugton Oval. This is bow the Field of 23rd Soptomber describes tbo finish of tho match at Old Trafford ; — " Wbon tlio winning hit was mado thoro was an indos- crihnblo sceno of enthusiasm ; before even tho batsmon .bad finished running tlio orowd broke in upon tho fiold and wore at tho pavilion gatc3 before tlio players. By tbo timo tbo team bad got inside tho members' enclosure the sea of faces turned to tbo pavilion was very douse ; cbcoring continnoil for a longthened period as each pro- rainont mcmbor of tho toaui catno forth. Even then thousands waited to soo tho successful oloven depart from tho fiolil. and choored on thoir way -to thoir vohiclcs." It will bo romomberod that tbo Australians wore defoated in this match by ten wickots ; and as showing tbo pcouliar obuncos of oriokot It may bo montioned that whilst on tbo Oval the best batting toam in tlio world had boon dismissed by Boylo and Spoffortli for 77 -rnns, on this occasion two weak batsmon liko Filling aud Peato mado off tho samo bowlers 32 and 29 (not out) respectively. A number of olub matches woro played on Thursday ; tho teams, howovor, in most casos wero of a most decidedly mixed character, llich mond, for instanco, woro vory badly represented against East Molbourno, and as tho lattor mus tered a fair proportion of thoir best mon victory attended their efforts. I was glad to soo Morris (of whoso all round oxcollcncc I havo always en tertained a vory firm opinion) como out in some thing like last season's form both with bat and ball. For East Molbourne Scott vory nearly achieved another hundred, and was ably assisted by Alloc, Mnsgrove and H. F. Hastings. W. R. Robertson, who migrated from South to East at tlio commencement of tbo season, scoured fivo wickots, bowling in good form. Ballarnt took tbo earliest opportunity of aveng ing tbo trcatmont cxporicncod at tlio bands of Molbourno tho wook boforo, by defoating tbo premier olub yesterday at Ballarnt. Swift was again nt tlio bead of affairs for M.O.O., and l'orcy Lewis occupied a similar position for Ballnrat, wbicli by tbo way is no uncommon occurrence. Yetnnothor century score, making'jiiuo in fivo woeks. It. Littlo, of St. Kilda, on Thurdsay mado 115 against the socond eleven of Richmond. . Contrary to expectations, tbo Eon. Ivo Bligh's team arrived in Adelaide in time to begin play thoro yesterday. They will bo in Molbourno as originally arranged, and will play on tho 17th and 18th inst. Mr, Bent has consented to grant them tho privilege of travelling ovor tho Victorian- railway lines free of chargo. Tho Molbourno Oriokot Olub bavo vory wisely objected to alter tbo dates of tlio first match betweon tho Hon. Ivo Bligh's team, and tho Australian eleven, as requested by the latter. The dates wero agreed to, it appoars, in England, by tho M.0.0 representative and tho Australians. Thorosponsibility undertaken by tho Molbouruo ClubiniiiritingtliaKnglish tcainisabeavyono.nnd they could not bo expected to risk a match against the Australians during tho prcsont month, which if lost would detract considerably from the public interest in their future engagements, considering that tho unfortunate catastrophe which has occurred will necessitate thorn playing their two first matches without any possiblo chanco of getting into form. It acorns but yesterday that tho good chip Chimborazo took away from Australia Alfred Shaw and bis band of criokotors, and now an other team has arrivod to play a series of matches throughout tho colonics. Particulars of tho ap- paling collision botween the l'esliawur and Glon- roy testify to tho hairbreadth os-xips tho toam has experienced, and it will bo many a day boforo tbo rocollectton of that mouiorablo Octoboroven- ing will be effaced from the minds of those who witnessed tho disaster. However, tho "swoct little cherub" was evidently on tho look out, and happily no livos were lost. Tho consequence, howovor; has boon that tlio EngtiBhmon havo not had ovon ono day's practice for the Adclaido match, and that it is only to occupy two days in stead of throe. This last arrangement will givo the visitors three cloar days' practico in Hol- bourno boforo meeting the Victorian oloven noxt Friday on tho M.O.C. ground. . Tho unusual attractions likely to ho afforded by tho M.C.C. to mombors during tho prcsont season hiivo had tho offect of bringing tho mem bers' list up to the maximum hutaber allowed by tho rules) At tho timo it was decided to limit the number to 1500 I remember that in many -quarters tho idoa,was unpopular,,aa savoring too. mucti of oxclusivonoss ; hut I venture to say that, ample na tho accommodation now is, members of tbo .club will during the season find it taxed to lt3 fullest capacity, and bavo cause to rejoice that thcir number has a limit. ; v - .Thoimembera of the Hon. IvoBligli s team have ' exprtssod a desire to soo as much of the oelouies aa possible, and in all. probability, will ha _ gratified to thoir hoartis' content ; indood, judging from the communications roceircd-by Mr. VYardill, the Molbmirnc eocrotary, it would seom that the dif ficulty will bo iu .deciding upon which placos must of noccssity'bo passed o'rer. Tlio fact that tlio present toam is tho strongest that has ovor visited us Booms -to be admitted on ail hands, tho consequence being that from north, south, oast and west letters havo como in, requosting tho M.C.C. to arrango for tho Englishmen to visit tbo respective places if possiblo. In Sydney a doubt appears to oxist as to whethor the Now South \Yalcs membera of tho Australian olovon will play for thoir colony against the Englishmen, or play only as tbo Aus tralian olovon until thoy finally disband. What- ovor argumont thoro may bo (if any) against tho Anstrarisns playing-in tho intercolonial mstoh — i.e., against oaoh other — there is certainly no reason why thoy should not play .for tfieir respec tive colonics when opposed to tlio visitors, and it may bo safely assumed that when onco tlio Eng lishmen got into form neither a Now South Wales nor Victorian oloven wouid havo a ghost of a show against thorn with the best half dozen absent incaoh case. 