"AS A TALE THAI IS TOLD." Br Karuha, Chapter XXV. — (Continued). Frank stands by the verandah and watches Hiss Miller till she disappears through tho trees, andthoothers go in. Then he atrikos a match and shields in the hollow of his hand as he bends over it and lights his pipe in silence. "Frank," I say suddenly, turning to him, and holding my handkorchief still before my dazzled eyes, "are you prepared for a shock " "Oh, X don't know," replies that easy-going yonth, proceeding with his occupation, and throwing the match away. "What is it? Rich relative dead? Break it gently it it is." And ho languishes against a verandah-post with his head back, sending a pale cloud of smoke through tho sweet air, and looking down upon me serenely expectant. " Hot that," I say laconically. "Some one dying ?" ho hazards placidly. I shake my head. " WuBS?" "Ever so much." Frank cogitates yvith his oyes raised serenely to the heavens after tho ascending column of smoke. " Going to be married then ?" " That's bettor," I answer, briefly. "Who? Ton?" I laugh coolly. "Not quite. Try again." "Me?" "Don't bo imbecile. You know, of course — Miss Miller." "No I" and tho emotional Frank staggers dra matically to the nearest scat. "Oh, my pro phetic soul— I know there was something fright ful coming by the malignant look of you." I regard him calmly as he falls into an easy chair and composes himself in comfort for his smoke, and then I go on, "Well, are you better? Can you boar any more?" "Oh, go on," ejaculates tho wretched being in a voice of anguish, while ho contentedly puffs at his pipe, " go on ; don't think of me." So I go on and tell him of Louie's confidence this afternoon, and Frank listens from the depths of his lounge with occasional groans between tho pnOTs of pale smoke. Thon I go on to discourse of it generally, and to speculate whether Mis3 Miller will get tired of it soon, and I assert my belief that she will flirt as much as over. "Nice for Iicnnard," Frank observes laconi cally. "Yes, vory; I should liko it if I were he." Then \ye ore summoned to dinner, and the thread of my discourso is severed. When I tell my stepmother she smiles, and is not surprised. "T noticed her ring," she says, and adds, " I wonder if she cares for him." I smile thoughtfully after that, reflecting on tho circumstance of us two women having both hod that thonght — for what apparent reason, I wonder ? It is surely an odd thing to think tho moment wo hear of such a thing, both of us, too ; and I smile and think of my schooldays again. I do not go to Xanarva so soon as I meant to, for next day I have a headache and lie in my room all day, and next morning I am not so well, and my stepmother keeps me in bed, saying it is always best to bo cautious, and prevention is better than cure, and she feeds me on toast and gruel after tho manner of invalids, saying she hopes to have me well next day. Buttholying in bod and tho gruel do not act as a preventative, and I lie there for more than a week, hot and ill, and always protesting against it all and opposing any suggestion of- sending thirty miles for a doctor. I tell them I am not ill, butmy head aches every time I move and I cannot sloop at night. I feel wretchedly ill, but I feel suro it is only tho foverish state of my mind that is showing itself like this, and am certain a doctor would do mo no good. I tiling, somehow, that Miss Miller's confidence has made mo rest less again, for it is always in my thoughts and .torments me horribly. All through the long, bright days X lie with my room shaded from the . light, and all day long my brain is at work and will not lest. For hoars and hours Miss Miller is in my mind, just as X saw her when Bhe was last hera'standing, conscious and pretty, with tho diamond ring , shining on her hand, and the little coquettish smile in her eyes, just as she looked when she told me all about it ; and I lie there with my head burning and throbbing, and tbink about her, and wonder if sho cares for Mr. Len- nard any more than Bhe cared for young Maurice, or any of tho others who were not so well off. I do not think Miss Miller would ever care for a . poor man. And when I tbink of her matter-of- factness, visible all through under the veil of effusiveness with which she Bpoke of her good for tune and of her gratitudo, I cannot help ponder ing and wondering over her. " How different to Dolly !" I think, and I re member so plainly that night in summer when. Dolly stood in the same position to me, and I. think of tho difference between them. Fancy Dolly calmly discoursing on her good fortune like this, or going into the Bubject of " Arthur's" af fection for her 1 Poor little Dolly, I think she had no thought of anything in the world but' her love for him and her happiness in it ; she was far too fluttered to talk on like Miss Miller and re-! peat what he hod said to her. Tho two pictures! rise before me : Miss Miller conscious and solf-l possessed — even a trifle self-satisfiod, I thought — with those disciplined eyes of her's lifted! quickly to read my face ; and then the other picj tore, of Dolly flitting swiftly past the light front my open door like 'a shy ghost, and speaking a(j unsteadily when I made her atop ; and then the . . sudden vision T got of her face, with its'sweet grey cyo3 raised almost piteonsly to mine, with such a look of entreaty in them when I would make her speak. Tho bluo eyes and tho grey cye3 riso before mo as symbols of their owners, and I cannot get hem ont ot my mind. I cannot rest, and my head throbs at every movomont till X am sick with pain. "Oh, I wish I could help thinking of thorn," I cry wearily. " They are both happy enough ; why should I trouble so about thorn ?" I lift my head to boo tbo timo, and X fall back weak and dizzy with pain. I hear my step mother's step outside, and X feel that I cannot bear to spoak to anyone, I turn away and shut my eyes, she loans over mo and lays her hand on my wrist, and then goes away closing tho door very' softly after hor. I hear tbe rustling of her dress as she moves away, and an unreasoning senso of loneliness comes over me. X feel utterly desolate, yet I do not want anyone who could come. " Oh, if only sho were hero !" X moan restlessly with my wretched thoughts on the vanished days when X have lain ill like this, but with Barbara's care about me. " Oh, there is no ono in-tho world like she was !" A resistless flood of memories sweeps over mo in my pain of body and mind till I can scarcely bear it. " Oh, Barbara I Barbara 1" X cry despairingly, " if you conld only come back to mo 1" X almost writhe in tbo oguny of my regret and longing, and I bury my face in tho pillow and cry . passionately and despairingly while my head burns, and tho pain of it maddens mo when X sob, and still X cry on, hopelessly, "Oh, Barbara, ' Barbara !" I do not bear a stop outsido nor the opening of tbo door, for my faco is bidden in the pillows and my sobs still shaking me, and X lift my Head half-frightcncd as X bear tbo rustling .of silk near me, and X find my stepmother bending ovor me very anxious and compassion ate. X look into her face for an instant and then drop back weakly. Sbe puts her arms round me and draws my hot, aching head upon her bosom. " What ib it dear ? What is it ?" is all she says and she lays hci cool hand on my forehead and holds mo gently while X cry on. Her gontlencss touches and reproves me, for had I not forgotton all her kindness through these weary days of pain in my useless, passion ate crying for " the touch of a vanished hand !" Tho reproach of it sobers my wild, untbink- ing anguish, and X sob less violently while sho still holds mo and tries, to quiet me ; and she stays by mo till X am quite calm again, minis tering to mo and bathing' my aching head, and Ioaving me at last, lying quiet and weak on my pillows, with closed, wet oyes, and an occasional sob shaking me still. The evening beginB to close over tbe world, and my room grows dimmer (and darker, and by degrees, the silonceof tbe evening goes to tho fierce pain at my heart and stills it till I grow peaceful again and tho pain of my head grows . fainter, and X sink quietly to sleep and sleep for . a long while. When I awake I find my step mother beside me and a lamp burning lew across tho room. I open my cyesrestfully." Is it late, mamma?" " Yes dear, it's nearly twelve ; you've had a nice long Bleep." . " Nearly twelvo !" and I close my eyes again to tbink of it and wonder over it. She lays her hand on my head and touches my wrist with her finger. "Ah, you're much better now,"blio says cheer- fully. "Your sleep has done you good. Poor . child ! you were qnite worn out with all this headache and want of sleep." And she makes me drink some beef tea, and then lets me go to slcop again. I suppose I was quite worn out wbon I gave way so completely, for with tho rest and comfort of my sleep, the mental as well as the physical pain loses its sharpness and gots easier to bear. Next day X am much better, so mnch that my bead scarcely aches and I can lie still without tbe irresistible desire to toss about, and soon I am allowed to Bit near tho open window, wrapped in a dressing gown ; and then I am less wearied with keeping inside. Frank comes at odd moments and sits on the verandah discoursing witb me in his own pecn- liar fashion, and ho brings the dogs round to seo mo and gathers me charming littlo bouquets every day, and is altogether kind and brotherly ' to mo. Mis3 Miller comes ovor when she bears X am ill, and is infinitely distressed at sight of my white faoc ; she is very attentive to me all the time she is with me, and does all sorts of littlo things for me, and wo have a long talk over her engagement, and she tells me again that she is really a very fortunate girl, and that she knows Bhe is over so mach happier than sho deserves, anfl Mr. Leonard is so good— and so on, and she adds laughingly that she hopes she will soon have to give me good advice and good wishes. "Oh, I'm a thorough old maid," I |answer laughing ; "see how Dolly's cats have taken to me." Then we talk of Dolly, and I tell her of my last lotter, and how happy Dolly is, and X dwell on Dolly's happiness longer to keep back the hitter thoughts that tho sight of Miss Miller's contented, sunny face brings up in me. When Bhe goes away, I feel' tired in every way, and go off to bod early, feeling a little miserable again. When X am stronger again, and my stepmother relaxes her kindly vigilance ovor me, X roam abont the sunshiny garden, dreaming my dreams, and a little heedless, I fear, of tbe flowers. Mr. Leyden comes often, and is very kind to toe, and very ploascd when I get well again. He comes ono morning, on bis way to the station, telling us ho is going to town for a week on business. We have a littlo talk ont in the garden before he goes, and he mentions that he has got another latter from his sister, and tells ue some of her nowB, bat now I do notcaro to hear of her lottora since tho ono in which she said Mr. Lanceforth had loft England. At lnnch my father says ho is going toi drive over to MacArthur's in the afternoon, and sug gest that my Btcpmother shall go with him. "Wouldn't you like the drive, Claud?" she asks, but X shake my head ; I would much rather be at home. So after lunch thoy start away, leaving me alone, for Frank rides away to un known regions just before. I sit in tho garden .tmd turnover a novel Mr. Loyden has bronght me, but I cannot feel interested in it. I read a littlo of Longfellow, bat oven that woarics mc. This afternoon I am more than usually restless. I think tho mention of Miss Loydcn's lotter worried me a little; it is so symbolical — even that bos lost its interest to mo now. X wonder if I shall ever bear of him again. Tho thought rises before mo with a ghastly sense of bow completely wo have drifted apart now ; it was not much but it was something to think of before, and now even that has passed away. My sorrow haunts mo and I cannot read or rest. I leave tho silent shade of tho trees and roam about among the flowers looking at tho vivid scarlot of theverbonas and thodazzlo of the bright mcscmbryanthcmuina with sad, troubled eyes. Tho scent of roses fills the listless air, and old memories como to me on their breath, and follow mo everywhere; tbe flowers are. too much like the flowers of last spring, X cannot bear their beauty now. I open tbe garden gate and go away to tho rivor with a vague idea that X Bhall feci less restlessly unhappy thoro by its cool waters and undor tho changeless trees ; hut X cannot rest even there, and I go on again in an indefinite way, driven at the mercy of my thoughts and my pitiless memories. I try to think of anything else, and my thoughts fly to Dolly and Clare, and X feel that thoy only mock mo with the contrast between ns. It is no uso repeating Barbara's words to-day. " Oh, they are all so happy !" I cry robollioasly, "what have I done V ' And my feat grow woory, but still my wretched ness drives mo on— right on till I como to tho Kanarva road again, where I stop, startled to seo how far I have como, and when I stand still and find how tired I am, lam dismayed at it. I ain still weak, and X have come so far that I am half ex hausted already, and I ain alarmed at tbo thought of how I shall get home, for I can hardly stand. Across tho road there is a grove of thick, young trees, where ono is out of sight of anyone passing along the track. X resolve to cross and rest there a little until I feel strongor, and then I will go homo slowly ; bnt even tho few yards X have to go to cross tho road seems more than I can do yot, and at the roadside I pause again, and then drop down on a fallen log, and lean my head hack against an upright branch, with a littlo dis tressed sigh. " How will I get homo," I think wearily, and tho thought dismays me. Suddenly, after coming so far without once feeling the distance, all my strength seems to have deserted me ; I am bo tired I feel as though I cannot even riso. A feel ing that I am all alone and helpless comes over me, and X look round ut the still trees desolately, everything seems so contented and so quiet except me. I am unstrung' from my illness still, and, in my mental and physical weakness, a sense of utter misery comes over me, and breaks away my remaining strength. I rise at length from my resting place and try to cross the road ; my strength bas all gone, and I can scarcely stand. I clasp my hands togethor, and stand by tho road side in a' helpless troubled way, and in my weak- nes8 there comes .over me a fcoling that I should liko to die there, and that X should be no loss to anyone, for no one in tho world wants mo. Through the silence around me the sound of a horse's tread comes to mo suddenly, and startles me strangely. I pause a moment, listening, and then hurry unsteadily forward, only eager to cross the road and bo out of sight. Before I am half across X catch a glimpseof a rider coming from among the trees towards me, and I make a despe rate offort to hurry on faster. I feel all my strength is leaving mo,' and tbo road seems to widen before me. I turn a quick, half-frightened look towards tho approaching rider and falter a step forward ; then & sudden faintness seizes my senses, and the earth seems to rock beneath me. I throw up my hands with a blind, impulsivo movement, ns a drowning child might, and then everything seems to fade and pass away — every thing but a sudden vision that flashes on my fail ing senses, a vision of a face I have not seen for a year, and . of dark eyes that havo haunted my life ; and then something seems to whisper that my prayers are to bo answered in this way, and I am dying ! Chapieb XXVI. When X awake from my brief trance a strange bewildered fooling is nil over mo. With return ing life comes a recollection of the vision that flashed liko a glory over my reeling sight, and now I feel dimly that I am in another world. I open my oyes and gaze straight into the faco abovo me. " You ?" I mutter in an awed wonder, vaguely remembering my last thoughts as my Benscs left mo ; and X gazo up with eyes that havo littlo recognition in them until, the mazed thoughts begin slowly to unravel. " Ah ! at Iaat," I sigh softly, " at last !" Then a wave of remembrance and recognition sweeps suddenly over me, and X know who it is that is in truth leaning over mo. " Oh, my love !" I ciy softly, and then tho face above me is dimmed and blotted ont and I drop my head . helplessly, only knowing I am held close in his arms and wanting no more. " Oh, my lovo ! my love ! you are glad I have come 1" The passionate voice thrills mo through, and thon memory comes fully, and in a flash of recol lection all my pride and miiioiy and his deceit, and a wild dread of what X have said in my un consciousness swocp over me and almost mad den me with tboir pain. With a half frantic effort I break from his arms and springing from him- in a frenzy of self contempt and wild, in sulted pride. " How daroyou !" I cry fiercely, and my words come in on incoherent torrent in my excitement. I do not know what lam saying, I only cry ont why has ho come back— what has brought him hero again ? He catches my hands and holds mo fast. " What has brought mo back again?" ho echoes, and his face and voice check me suddenly.. " Claud 1 CUudl you know— you mast know why I havo como back— what has kept every thought of mino here Binob I first knew you, and what has brought mo here now that I know how miserably Ihave boon mistaken all along 1" I cannot answer his swift woitIb, and .ho holds my hands still as he goes on. "I know nowthat I was wrong, but I believed then that yon cored for some one else— howcould I help it?" Then I hrcak silenco, with my prido rising at his words, and I cry quickly. " What do you mean ? Why do yon say you were ' mistaken' all along?" Ho draws back with a quick movement. "Why do you talklike this— you cannot mean that I am mistaken nowV' The look in bis eyes frightens mo, and my an- Bwer dies helplessly on my lips. Ho holds my hands fast, and I cannot hide the excitement of my faco from him. I turn my head swiftly asido, aghast as tho thought of what I may havo said a moment ago surges through my brain, and I re member ho is tho same to-day as when X first tried to shnt him from my heart a year ago. Tho blood rushes to my cheek and flie3 suddenly back to my heart again, leaving me white and cold, X try to speak, but no words will como ; then 'I bear his voice speaking low and clear, tho only thing distinct through my pain and confusion. " I was mistaken in ono thing at least. A yoar age yon changed all in a few days, and just when I believed you did euro a little for mo. Tho night of Miss Miller's birthday X found yon completely changed tome, and I would havo heard the rea son for myself, but that night I was told for tho first time that yon were engaged " " I— engaged ?" I echo. " I know now it was not true," ho goes on quickly, "but what could I boliove thon ? You were cbungod — completely changed — to mo, and you had only oyes for him " " For him — who ?" " Dr. Forrest. They told mo you had been half engaged for months— all tho time I had known you. What could I boliovo ? You turned to him whou I spoke — you were with him constantly — you gave him tho flowers you had worn — what could I think but that you had' boen playing with me all through the days we had been toge ther ?" X shrink under his excitcmont, hut X cannot answer a word. " Why, did you think, had I lingered all those weeks at Kanarva ? Surely yon knew— you must havo known why I came day after day and sat besido you when you sang— you must have known I loved you !" His voice frightens mcin its suppressed energy, and his eyes look into mine as if thoy must read my inmost thoughts. " Tell mo— did you never.fcel then that I loved yon ?" His words arouse me at last, and my prido wakes and makes my frightened eyes flash with their old spirit. I draw hack from him, with a sudden gostnre of scorn and say proudly, " How can you talk liko this to me ? How can you say you loved mo when you were en gaged all that timo to somo ono olso?" I look straight into his faco with a thrill of triumph and pain, and fooling strong now that X have thrown his falsehood up at him. I do not know what I expected then, bnt I shrink back half afraid at the light in his eyes. " Was that what changed yon ? Was that all?". " AH !" I cry out passionately. " And was not that enough to tarn all one's friendship from one who conld act so falsely — could dare to try and win a woman's lovo for tho sake of the amuse ment of it? I was not so blinded bnt 'that that opened my eyes when -I heard it. How could a man insult tho woman ho was engaged to more deeply ? . And you ask is that all 1 Ah, now you have lost your love you would come back for tbe old amusement ! But you may still be mistaken — a woman's lovo is not alwayB to bo so easily won— as you find. " " My cheeks are burning again with excitement and I trcmblo from head to foot, bat X feol as strong and fierce as a lioness in my outbreak of scorn. And yot — I would give all the world to hear him clear himself and to stand together as we stood here a year ago ! "Thon your words wore not meant for mo just now." His voice is changed from its passionate eager ness, and is low and suppressed, and ho looks at me with eyes that make me quail again. " How can I know what I said whon I was un conscious ?' I cry hotly. "What did I say?" "What did yon say?" he answers Blowly, " You said— what has mado tho pain of this dis appointment sharper. I havo boon mistaken all through," he goes on, more quickly again, and his voice growing hardor. "Once I would as soon havo doubted tho ligbt of day as doubted you ; ouco I believed you as truo and clear as tho sunlight — I wonder I was mad enough I" Ho stops abruptly, while I stand before him dnmb with my astonishment and my indignation. He looks down at me for a moment with dark, passionate eyes, and then tarns away with a sudden gesture. " Well, I havo beon deceived," ho says with a quiet scorn that cuts me liko a knife, " like othor men, once and for ever." Then my words leap to my lips with a mad dened sense of injustice. "Deceived 1" I cry passionatoly ; "you deceived I you who say even now that I must surely have guessed you loved me then whon yon were only whiling away your days of waiting till you should go back to your love in England ! You complain that I should rosont being mado a plaything for your idle timo— you who wore to marry Bomo ono you did care for in a wook or two I" " Somo one X cared for 1" he says abruptly be fore I can finish. " Who Baid I cared for her?" And ho turns again to me so suddenly that I shrink' hack involuntarily, andllstenhalf frightened as he goes on, "Listen to mo. You have broken my faith in the troth of human natnro, and yon havo spoilod my life for mo. You and I may novor sec each other again, bat you shall not think of mo— if you ever give me another thought— you shall not think of me like that. The 'engage ment' you talk of was nothing — a mere name— a wish of someone who -is dead — not a command oven ; oven in namo it would have ceased tho day I could havo felt sure that you cared for me over so little. That night at Kanarva— tho night when I first heard of yonr engagement, and found how you had been deceiving me all along— I waited for you with only one thought— to find if what I bod scarcoly dared to hopo were true, and you did care a little for me ; then you would havo heard- all— hut that night you had not a thought for mo. you cast mo aside for someone else, and I— well, then I saw for tho first time' how completely I had been fooled!" He stops/ again and looks down at me in silenco. 7 