STERIQUS DISAPPEARAliGE OF Lord Brackenbury. S "iBY ABIMELLA B. EDWAMID.] "N'IIgda by Arranemeflt wit Harper Brothers New Ylo'k.) IOHAPTER LIIi.-(Comntinued). •leeping at the back of the house aleepinig soundly, too, after lying awake and weeping half the night La Giulietta heard nothing of the damour that roused hier uncle in his boa-chamber overlooking the court. yard. But; she awoke with a start, .Ke'irertheless, conscious that she had . lept too late; that she had dreamed t?roubled dreams; that something was vrong- though what that something ,as she could not at first remember. Then it all flashed back upon her enomory. He was'gone! Gone to hshare the perils of those who go down t"o the sea in ships I This was why -her dreams had been all.of v~reclk and ililaster. This was why she woke with that dead weight at her heart. But she must not begin the day with ±ears and terrors. She must got up quickly, and light a little-fire of sticks und pine cones; for Uncle Stetfano hias abig cup of hot boiled milk every morn ing before he goes off to his workshop in the Piazza Brd; and that cup. of milk and a dry crusO t are all the food lhe takes till ..id-day, when he cones home to dinner. So La Giuliotta made haste with lIer simple toilet, and ran to knook at hbor unole's door as she went by. SUncle Stefano I' But he was neither in his bedroom, nor in the outer room, nor in the bal cony. Ho had g0ot up without beingt called, and "gone out .without waiting for breakfast. Was he so early, then--ori was she Bo late ? The elook pointed to a quarter past i. Cielol I so late ?'" Bow could she have slept to sucoh an hour? And the little uncle, rather than awaken her, had gone away fasting l She would ran down at once to the trattoria and learn whether he had taken a cup of coffee before starting. If not, she musti boilhis milk, without a moment's iaelay, and take it in a stone bottle to the Piazza Brd. Opening the outer door, however, she found herself face to face with Monna Briggitta. \- 4Ecoo, my child I' said the clog .Tnaker's wife. 'I was just coming to yon with a message from your unole eBoni. He is gone to work, and will got a bit and a sup at Dohda's caf6 in the Loonana, as he goes along.' ' Oh, Monna Brigitta,I am so vexed I cannot think how I came to sleep so dlate 1' * Late or early, my child, you have nothing to be vexed about,' said Monna Srigitta. 'He only did not care to stake the time or trouble to come up all those stairs again.' 'Had he gone down, then, for any thing?' 'Gone down I-why, don't you 3mow ?' 'Don'tI] know what ?' 'Oh, the blessed saints I uch a soono as we've had, and you to have heard and seen nothing I Nay, then, cara Giulietta, I must come in for a aninuto and toll you all about it.' o80 Monna Brigitta came in and sat heorself down; and, with auoh embel $ishments and exaggerations as her ,imagination suggested, told the whole Sanarvellons story from beginning to id.a, Meanwhile, La Giulietta, lis tened with parted lips and frightoned eyes, grow palor and paler as the narrative wont on. * Your unolomay scoff as he pleases,' said Monna Brigitta, when she had talked horself out of breath, 'but I manintain that a black deed of some sort was done last night under our gateway; and if it wasn't murder, it was something very like it. You should havo seoon the blood. Two big pools, and the stones all splashed bo tween, as if the poor wounded wroetch hnad tried to got away, and was stabbed a second timo. But, thoro! I declare yonu are as white as a ghost, child.' White, indoodi She might well look white, for her thoughts flHow at once to her lover, and her very soul turned siok with horror. Not vainly had ashe felt that vague presentiment of evil 'when they parted. Not vainly had , o wotted her pillow with tears, and fsobbed herself to sleep. Then that sound that Coenro noticed once or twice when they wore talking on tlhe baloony-that sound as of someone lurking and listening below I......Ono samo rose to her lips, but she dared not utter it'; one question, but she Tflarod not ask it. Where was 'Touno Moretti ? Whon Monna B3rigitta was gono, ?dho dragged herself to the window, reamblingly, heavily, as one drags zlong in dreams; and theoro- although .it was now nearly eight o'clocl-thare in its aoustornmed coarnor stood Morotti's . ottura. ~ ho other men had claned their ?',carriagoes and put their horsos to, :i na .driVoen away long since, The i "womnbn had illed their cans and gone about their household dutioes, Maria, the seorving-maid, was running to andl fr with hot dishes betweeoon the kitoheon and the trattoria. The ]lnd. borl and a country cartor wore busy loading a carotta with empty wine barrels. Tho children Wore whooping .nm racing about the yard ; the cooks and hens wore soratoling over the :abbish Iheaps; the daily lifo of the p1ace was going on just as though no dread unknown thing happoned but a lEw hours befroe, The only unusual Faturo in this fimiliar soono-unusual, that is to say, at so lato an hour of the' iay-was 'Tonio )loroettli' vottura,. .' hlo yardl was geonorally cdlear by halfpast six; iat Iatsti by seovon ; and 'Tonio, as a rule, was one bf the first up and about. But there stood the vettura with closed blinds and empty shafts, all splashed and muddy from yesterday's driving; and yonder, through the open doorway, she could hear the uneasy stamping and whinny ing of the horses, waiting for their morning feed, and wondering why their master neglected them. TWhere was 'Tonio Moretti 2 In .after years Giulietta Beni could never recall that day's agony and suspense without a shudder. Some how or another, by force of habit as it were, and half unconsciously, she went through her ordinary household duties; but to sit down calmly, to embroider when these were done was impossible. She could only walk rest lessly to and fro, listening, watching, wringing her hands. When' Stefano, Beni cam'Yliome at mid-day, she met him on the thres hold. 'Uncle,' she.,said, my Cesare is dead oir dying..: That was his blood ; and 'Tonio Moretti is his murderer.' Her oehees' were whitei her hands were like ,fire ; her voice sounded hard and strange. Startled and, alarmed, the wheel wright strovo in vain to calm her. * It is of no use,' she said. ' There stands 'Tonio's vetturn. It has stodd there ,all the morning. .His horses are starving in the stable-there is no one 'to feed them. He is afraid to come nearthPe place. His hands are red-hoe dares not show them I The brand of Cain is on his brow.' ' 'But I tell you it is folly 1' . remon strated the wheelwright. ''Lina Pezzi picked. up. the dagger I' ''Lina Peezi picked up a bit of broken blade with' no blood on it;. Now, in the name of reason, my'litbtl6 girl.' ' Reason I' she cried, holding her head wildly with both hands. " Don't talk to me. of reason! Find out the truth for me, or I shall go mad I' Then Stefani Beni, beiug fairly at his wits' end, promised to db wvhat he could-to go round to 'Tonio Morett's lodging; to make inquiry at the police bureau, and at both the'haspitals; to do anything, everything, if she would only try to be patient. So the poor child promised patience, and kissed him with a look that sent him down stairs with the tears in his eyes; and when he was gone she went to her room and poured out her heart in prayer and petition to " Our Lady of Sorrow.' When he came back some three hours later, the vettura was no longer iu the yard.. Ernest Moretti, 'Tonio's consin, who lived down by the Porta Canossa, had been round meanwhile, paid an indemnity of a week's rent, and fetched the carriage and both horses away. ' We were the best friends in the world,' said the landlord, in astonish ment. 'I've stabbed his beasts for tiwo years ; he has had his dinner at our trattoria pretty nearly every day; and we have never had a word of difference. Io cni not understand it. But, ecoo l it is the way of the world.' '"Ay, neighbour,' .echoed Stefani Beni; ' it is tho way of the world.' uit he chuckled 'softly to himself as he went up the stairs. The door opened before he reached his own landing. She had been liston ing for his footfall; but now that he had come, she could not speak. * Ohoer up, my little girl I' he said, coming quickly in, and shutting the door behind him. ' Oheer up I all is woll; it is 'Tonio who is in trouble ; it was 'Tonio's blood that was spilled, and not our Signor Capitand's I The poor brute is in bed, and a.surgeon attending him. I saw his landlady. Ho tolls heio he mot with an accident last night; but he seems to have been brubbed within an inch of his lifo. His face and head, she says, are one mass of bruises-three or four of his front tooth knocked out-and his eyes swollen up as big as a couple of oranges. Ho won't be able to see-much less to got up- for a week or more, the miserable devil 1' ' You aro sure that this is true ?' she asked, breathlessly. 'Sure-positive; for after I had soon the landlady, I went on and saw the doctor. Now are you satisfied ?' 'I-I don't know,' she faltered. SIf I do not got a letter to- morrow morning, little uncle, you must take me to Venico.' But when morning came, the doear, welcome letter came with it. Cosaro ])Donato was safe, and well, and very busy, and expecting to weigh anchor for Trieste in a couple of days. CIIAPTEB LIV. BTRAN(E, l 'F FORTUITOUS, No l there was evidently nothing wrong with Cosaro Donato. Busy as he was, he wrote daily, though briefly, from Venice; and from Trieste dis patohed a letter written during the trip from port to port. The letters wore plain, straightforward letters enough, not high.ilown, live lovo letters in romances, but simple, and earnest, and full of manly tenderness, Such nowR as they contained was puroly about businogs. At Venice everything reminded him of the happy day they had spent there together. It was especially delightful to him to remember that sho had boon on board the Diamanto. Sho was now associ ated with the vessel in his mind forever. Ilo oould recall her as she looked, n? sho spoke; oun doo; iu thi saloon; evon in his own little oabin and counting-houno. It ohabled him to roaliso the happiuoss that would horo aftor bo his, when her prosonoo thoro should not bo a droeam, not 1a remom branco, but a blissful roelity. It was his conmtolation, being partoed from liher, to ]now that eaoh snnaot brought that haippy. futuro ono day noearor. Thlon he told hlir how at Vonico ho hitla shippopl an unusually hoevy cargo, the greater. part of-?which would be immediately discharged at Trieste; vwhile at Trieste he was about to take in goods for delivery at Anicana, Bar letta, Bari, Zante, and Smiyrna. It had been his intention to go direct from Trieste to Bari, and thence to make straight for Smyrna. But man proposes, and trade disposes; and these new commissions, besides delay ing his arrival at Bari till the middle or end of the following week, would add a fortnight or three weeks to his outward journey. Such was the substance of his first letters. He told her in each of theni that he was wvell-quite well-never. better; repeating the statement, so often and so emphatically that a less unsophisticated correspondent might have suspected it to be written witlh a motive. La Giulietta, however, had no such suspicion, and her content was abso lute. That there had been an affray of some kind that night under the gateway of the Osteria del Cappello was certain; and that 'Tonio Moretti had come to grief in that affray was no less certain. But that Cesare Do nato was unhurt- not only unhurt, but entirely unaware of what had there taken place--was now quite evident. If it had been his blood I' This was the thought that crossed her mind whenever: she passed ithe spot. !There was no faintest stain or trace left upon the' stones; but 'she could not' look on them without, shu'd doring. . . . : If it had been his blood! If he had been found there in the morning, stark and white, with that knife, bl'add in his heart I Or if, mortally wounded, he had been carried away, to die soon after ii the, nearest hospital I ;^nd if 'Tonio Mi oretti's hand .ii;d done,; the, deed I.... . ' . . .'' * . , ... ,'; . The girl's heart was' heavy with remorse when she. remembered' ,howj quick she had been to adilum" 'the commission of a deadly icrimie, and to fix it upon an innocent man. :.Slih was, for the time, as sure of' the fact as if 'she had seen the blow, aimed, and her lover bleeding at her feet. And oh I the storms of rebellious despair, of passionate'hdtred, that shook her very soul that terrible,morning, while she waited, waited, waited, for her nucle Stefano's return ! With shame and sorrow she remembered those sinful moments. Not till she should have confessed all to Padre Anselmo, not till she should have performed some just and fitting penance, could she feel innocent and happy again. 'ollowing the letter penned at sea, there next came one written in har bour at Trieste - written, too, in characters so curiously cramped that Lja Giulietta did not at first sight recognize her lover's handwriting. The opening lines explained the cause of these crabbed hieroglyphs. Donato had hurt his right, hand, aud could witli diffioulty hold'a pen. Heedless of the inconvonience,'he had gone on using the hand for some days; but it now had become so swollen and so stiff that he feared his writing would be scarcely legible. He did not tell her how he came by the injury ; but he so wrote about it that she con eluded it to be a sprain or a bruise brought on by handling heavy goods while the vessel was lading atVYenice. The next letter consisted'of only three lines. His hand had been dressed by a surgeon, and was now bound up; so that to write was all but impossible. He was, in fact, for bidden to use it.. ..Except as .regarded this luckless hand, he was well ; and; as usual, very busy. ' , : (.'o be cobntMined) "' ',, 