CONSEt^RATlON OF THE RIGHT REV. DR. DUNNE. The ceremony of consecration of tho 1'ight Rev. Dr. Dunne, lioiiian Catholic Uishop of Hrisbaue, was ]iui formed yestordny with great splendor iu St. Stephen's Cathedral, Hrisbanu. The following brief particulars are taken from n lengthy report in lodtiy's Courier :— The cerouiony, which commenced n little after lialf-iiast 1.1., was carried out with allthe fulness prcscrihcil in tho Ponlijicale Jtorfutnum iniilcr the able direction of the ^'ery l!ev. Dean Dwyer, most elliijiently tissisted by the Kcv. .1. J.' Jloron, and was one which will not soon pass from Hie nieiiiories of those who witnessed it. As the professions poured out, from the two aiu-ristiea all eyes were strained to eateli sight of the dignitaries who had come to take part in the proceedings. From the Kpist-Io side came the enj'anln de eli'uur, in great numbers, the acolytes nnd priests in surplice and soutane, aud from the opposite sacristy the deacon (the Rev. J. A. Canali), the suli-dc'iicou (thy Rev, ,f, M. Cuiiiinins), inul the assistnnt priest of the Mass (the 1'ev. ?I. P. Connolly), followed by the Most Rev. Dr. Vauirhan. Archbishop oE Sydney, the Metropolitan of the province, who was tlie consecrating prelate on the occasion. As som'i as his xi-iutc was vested for the solemn func tion, tli(.- assistant ISisliops, tlie IJiglit llcv. Dr. Mnrniy, of Muitland, and thu Right Rev. Dr. Jyiiiiigiin, of Goulburn, witli the liishop elect mid the I'ight Rev. Dr. Cani, all four attended by their cliaplaius, cuino forth into the Kitiu'tuiiry, and tho whole body of the clerjiy approached tho foot of the high altar together mid remained there for n. moment in prayer. , When his grace, clad in his full ponUljeifls, aud bearing' the pallium which the Holy KutliiT jCOfffprrecl on ' him some yrars ago, was thus surrounded by his assistants in white copes and mitres, tho Bighop of Rock liniiipton in his purple garb, tho richly vested clergy who wcro to take part in tho mass, the elect in white copo nnd purple biretta, and tho other ecclesiastics, each in appropriate attire, the spectacle was one rarely, if over, 'surpassed in an Australian Church. The varied hues, the chusto aud graceful decorations of the sanctuary, the sacred insignia that fluslioi! like the Uriin and Thumnum did of old, the flowers, the lights, tho well trained voices of tlie choir singing the JCcee Sacertlox, the reverend heads bent in prayer, the rapt atten tiou, tho solemn stillness of the immense congregation, could not fail to strike even the most indifferent spectator. Ucsides tliObu '-whqso linnies have heen already Riven, there were presort in the Minctiinry the Rev. 1). J. Kyrne, chaplain to the liishop elect j tho ifev. 1'. lland, (iluiplaiu lo'Dr.'Muniiy ; the Rev. A. lloran, chapliiin to J)r. Ij;inig:tii ; tlie lliv. T. O'Ciitmell, eliiipliiii; l.i) Dr. Caui ; the Very Rev. Doiui Kenny, the Hev. lir. (Juj)iii. tliii Rev. J.li. Breen, tho Rev.' fl. 'Seortechlni,' the Rev. ti Corrigan, and tlie Rev.'. I. P. Pitviputrick. 'The \'J r,tr l\ 1i*mi1iv* ini.l 4-1... !-„.. T /'VtTJ^kMl.. 1... .1 iitri w» ^viuiij twin biiu nuti u* \j. J.iL'lliy mm charge of tho arrangoinents in tho body of 'tlie \--lu|i'.eh, ai|d \t is only justico to tliem-to say that they discharged th'o trying diitips which devolved upon thom with admirable tact ami courtesy. ^ '; \i^. ? After n moment spoi.t in prayer, as has iioou said, tho consecrating prolato took his seat on the fnld-'stool placed *for' hini in frant of* fcho high nher.i'aiid the coreiiiouy.cbinnionced by the assistant Bishops presenting-: to hiui-tlio, elect, Tho senior assistant , Bishop;; tlie^. '^ddressed his gracp as follows i— -f Mpst'BdvoV' road I'athbr, our Holy Moth'or, t})Q 'Cat^oli Church asks of you to promote the prfest hero present to the heavy ofiico oE a Bishop.' Tho ennseemtor demanded the ivpostolic inaudatc, and this having been read by the Rev. .1. B. Brcon, who was acting notary, the elect was sworn to.be obedient to the Iloly See ; after which, /'liis. examination commenced as commanded by the Withers , of the Church, and recommended by tho Apostle, who says — ' Imposo not hands lightly upon any man.' The fathers teach that ho who , is choson for tho rank of a Bishop must be- most diligently examined ith_ all Christian charity concerning tho Trinity i and interrogated upon tho different matters and morals befitting episcopal government. This is a very solemn part of the rite. ? The Archbishop and bin two assistants being seated and mitred, nnd the ciecc also sented, the following questions wnro put, which aro interesting, as showing tho qualities on which tho Catholio Church most insists iu those whom she call? to a share in her government: — ' Wilt thou,' said the consccratnr. ' both by word and oxamplo teach tho flock for which tuou art ordained tlioao thinsjs which thou understaudest from tho Holy Scfip turns ?' and the Bishop elect rising and lifting his biretta answered, 'Volo'— 'I will.' Again hi) was asked : ' Wilt thou re veruutly receive, teach, and keep the tradi tions, of the orthodox Fathers, nnd the authoritative onaetments of the Holy and Apostolic See ?' and again ho answered, ' I will.' '- Wilt thou uniformly render to Peter, the blessed Apostle to whom by God waa given the power of binding and loosening, and to His Vicar Leo. XIH., and to his successors tho Bishops of Rome, fidelity, subjection, and obedience, according to the injunctions of the canons ?' ' I will.' ' Wilt thnu restrain thy practices from all evil, and to fjie utmost of thy power, God helping, direct them to all pood ness ?' 'I will.' ' Wilt thou with God's assi.itanco observe thyself and teach others to observe chastity aud sobriety.' ' I will.' ' Wilt thou forever continue a bondsman in the affairs of God, and estranged from earthly affairs and base lucro as far as human frailty permits theo ?'' ' I will.' ' Wilt thou preserve humility and patience in thy self, and teach the like to others ?' ' I will.' ?' Wilt thou for tho sake of God's holy name be affable and merciful to the poor, to the strangor, and to all in need ?' ' [ will.' The interrogatories being ovor, tho elect mnde a profession of his belief in the several doctrines of tho Church, anathematising every hr.rosy, and acknowledging tha Al mighty God as tho Author of the Old aud New Testamouts, After these important preliminaries, the Pontifical high mass^vas commenced with which, from this point forward, tlie rite of consecration was interwoven. Whun the introductory psalm was recited, aud the Archbishop was ascending the steps of the altor, tho elect was conducted to his chapel, and was vested with sandals, pectoral cross, flowing stole, tunic, dalmatic, chasuble, and maniple, and proceeded to reeitu the service of the mass, Himultannonsly with tho con secrating prelate, at thu high alter. After fch« Tmct he was presented again to the Arch.iUhop, who instructed him on the (In tins of his office, saying that the duties of a Bishop aro to judge, to interpret tho Scriptures, to make oblation, to baptise, and to confirm. This pithy but comprehensive summary of his functions being delivered, the cousecrator knelt before his seat, the other Bishops and clergy knelt in their respective places, and tbe elect prostrated himself while tha Litany of tho Saints was being sung, with especial suffrages for the ceremony. Tho Archbishop then took the Book of tho Gospels, and, with tbe assistance of the other Bishrps, silently nlacecl it on tbe miclc aud shoulders ol the eloct, and in this position it was hold till it was delivered to liim at h later stagolof tfaejeorcmony. Aud now tonk place the first solemn im position of hanrls, each of the three Bishops touching the head of the elect with both hands, saying Accipe SjtirUinn Sanctum. ' Receive the Holy Ghost ;' after which the Consecrator's mitre being removed, he offered up the prayer Propitaire Dnmine, and pro ceeded to intone the Preface of the Mans, which is a leading feature in tho rite. In tho middle of fcho Preface he commenced the Vcni Creator Spirilus, which wns immediately taken up by the choir, and while this beauti ful hymn wns beiiiR rendered the head of the elect was annointcd with chrism, and the grand Preface, so full of sublimo prayers aud beautiful thoughts, brought to a closo. The next interesting feature in the cere mony was tho anointing of tho hands, after which tho crnzier was blest and given to tho new Bishop, nnd tlio ring having been like wise blessed was placed on his finger. The crozier and ring having boon given with due forms, the Archbishop received the Book of the. Gospels (which had hitherto been hold open over the shoulders of tlio elect), closed it, aud pn'sontcd it to the touch of the nowly-consccraterl, saying, ' Receive i lie gospel and go forth and preach it to the people convnittcd to thee, for God is power ful to augment Mis grace to theo, who liveth and reigneth world without end. Amen.' After this the now Bishop received tho kiss of pence from the consecrator and bis as sistant prelates, aud returned to his chapel where tho chrism was wiped from his head and hands with crumbs of bread aud linen. Mass boing continued down to the Offertory, whon tho elect, with the pre scribed reverence, mado offering of two wax candles, two loaves of broad, and two minia ture casks of wino to tlio consccrntor, who received thom sitting nnd mitred. Mass was again continued to tlio Communion, when both the oonsoorntor and consecrated prelate partook of. the sumo host and chalico. At thn conclusion of the mass, tho mitre of tho new bishop was blessed and sot upon his head with solemn form, as 'a helmet of de fence aud salvation ;' the gloves wero blessed, and, his ring being removed, were placed upon his hands with aporopriato prayer. Then tho ring was put on tlio gloved linger, and tho consecrator, rising with tho assisting prelates placed tho newly conse crated in his seat, put the crozioriu his hand, and bowing to the alter, commenced tho 'TeDeum.' Whilo tho great Ambrosinn hymn wns boing magnificently givon by tho choir, tho Right Rev. Dr. Dunne was led by tho assistant bishops round the church, giving his first opiscopal benediction to the congregation. 'When they returnod to tho sanctuary an anthem was suing, and the con secrator prayed aioud that God, tho Shepherd and Ruler of tho faithful, may grant to the newly-consecrated pralate, by word and ox anjplo, to benefit tbqso over whom lia pro sides, that with tho flook committed to his care he may como to lifo everlasting ; and then the customary revorouces and saluta tions brought tho long but highly interesting and impressive ceremony to a closo. Earthquako shocks had boon felt in Canton V'ulais, Switzerland, and troinondous snow storms have ocouri'od in the Alps. Tho Siuiplon route i»- iiupassablo. The Nihilist assassins who shot Gouttrnl Slroliiikoff plundered his apartments, and regained -the pocket-list of revolutionists in tup general's possession, also tlie complete plans ho hail of Nihilists' methods' of pro ceduro and thoir projects. The loss of those papors is a severe blow to tho authorities. Tho Nineteenth Century for May publishes nearly 500 frosh signatures to tho protest against tho. Channel tunnel, including tho names of many among the most distinguished poors, military aud naval officers, - and celebrities of every class. Everything points to an overwhelming force of public opinion hostile to this enterprise. Tho prcsidont of the Board of Trade announced ou the 1st of May that the Government had decided to Stop 'the work, and, qwait the potion of Parliament, 