SURVIVAL or A MAN INTO WHOSE I1JIAIN A JIJIEECJTI'JN IJAJ) j'ASSEJ). TDEUE appeared in the rotijnda of the Windsor Hotel, last evening, a gmtleman who attracted no little attention aiid comment. Not that he was odd in make-i;p, or eccentric in demeanour, but because he bore upon liis forehead, the ghastly mark of a miraculous escape from death. Everybody who noticed the long red line, looked a second and third time, aud looking, suggested that the man had something interesting in his history. An inquiry at the desk, revealed the fact that he was a New York journalist, the editor of the Gaxfroiwmist, and that his name was John J. Kempster. Upon solicitation. Mr. Kempster told a reporter the story of the wound. It occurred while was duck shooting in New Jersey, on the 23rd of September, 1880. Said Mr. Kempster: " I wandered into the marshes about a mile and a half from the little village, and finally obtained a good shot at a fiock of ducks who were swimming in a shallow slough. I fired, and that was the last I remembered for some time. Whon I recovered consciousness, I was lying flat on my back; the sun beating down on me. I knew that I wae wounded, but forfcianyniinutes couldnot imagine where the injury was. Better sense eame to me slowly, and with it strength. I felt something trickling down my forehead, and, putting up my hand, touched a thin coaling, that proved to be mingled blood and brains. Then I understood that the gun had exploded or discharged itself through the breech, and something had penetrated my forehead. I raised my hand a second time, and felt the smaller end of a breeehpin protruding from my head. I immediately thought all was up, and commenced to make my peace with God in prayer. I grew stronger and more conscious of my condition however, and in the hope of securing medical aid that might save my life, I struggled to my feet. A heaviness, as if my brain cavity was loaded with lead, was all that £ suffered. Everytliing appeared natural to me; the trees, the shrubbery, and the marshes, and even the path I had taken, was distinct to my mind. I was even thoughtful enough to take up the broken gun and examine it. The stock was separated from the barrels—imbedded in my brain was the absent breeehpin. " I walked back to the village. It seemed an age before I got there, the invisible weight on my head bending me to the ground. I never rested though, but kept on, with only a vague hope for life encouraging me. When I arrived at the hotel where I was stopping, the people seeing me, fled as if a ghost were approaching through the daylight. When I told the clerk to go for a surgeon, he stood as if palsied. I grew mad, and shouted to him to find a surgeon or I should die, and then I fell to the floor speechless. I was again unconscious until the operation had been performed, and the iron pin was taken off my brain. It was a bungling piece of work, two country physicians, who knew as much about surgery as I do of Choctaw, hacking and hewing, and sawing my head until they had opened it, as you can see, more than two and a half inches. Then I was put on the train and sent to New York. Until unconsciousness came to my relief again, I was in the most terrible agony, my brain aching as though a thousand daggers were piercing it. I remember being placed in the hospital ambulance; the remarks of bystanders that I could not live ; the jolting noise through the streets; the ringing of the ambulance bell, which sounded like a death-knell to me; and after that, all was blank. It was several days before I came to, and well I recollect the first query I made to the doctor : " Was there any probability that my life would be safe?" Four months afterward I was once more at my desk, grinding away as if my brains were intact." Where the breeehpin entered Mr. Kenipster's head, there is a space of about half an inch in diameter, where the cuticle touches the brain, and moves with each pulsation of the organ. A cutting of the skin would ex- pose the brain.— Denver (Col.) Tribune. 