? THEATRE ROYAL.—A large and very demonstrative audience witnessed the repetition of " Les Cloches de Corneville" at the Theatre Royal, and considering the closeness of the weather the enthusiasts might have tempered their delight with discretion in the matter of encores—^duplicate warbling, with the thermometer at tip-toe, is rather hardfor vocalists, however many iced-clarets they may take behind the scenes. The opera, however, was carried out conscientiously, and the encores submitted to with an* amount of good humour that seemed like a satire upon the impatience of the auditory to get twice as much as they were entitled to. Sir. Haxwood revelled in gag and grimaces as the Baillie, and created any amount of amusement by his humour. His make up s ood, but not equal to that of Mr. Edwin f[.elly as Gaspard the miser. Mr. Kelly deserves. praise for his realistic acting in the haunted castle. There is much dramatic force about his performance, and he never loses sight of the strange character he is playing. His Gaspard is an even-rendering throughout, and by no means overdone even in the trying act when Gaspard gloats over his hoarded gold in the ancient chateau of Corneville. By-the-way, Grenicheux, who is concealed in a suit of old armour, should put his visor down and wear gauntlets; his hands and face are rather too prominent, and could not fail to be detected even by an old miser dazzled by the glitter of gold: Oaspard on Thursday night was close upon creating a catastrophe by nearly capsizing Grenicheux in his suit of steel while wheeling -him about in the capacity of the ghost of a defunct knight. "Les Cloches" will be given again to-night. POET ADELAIDE CHESS CLUB.—The fourth annual meeting of this club took place at the Port Adelaide Institute on Thursday night, March 23. Mr. David Bower, M.P., presided, and there was a good attendance. The Hon. Secretary (Mr. E. Govett) read the report, in which the committee congratulated the club on its continued prosperity, and the fact so far as the colony was concerned the Port -Club had done much to increase the popularity of chess. When the Port Club was started there were only two other regular clubs in South Australia. With these it contested during the first year of its life, but after the contest with the Moonta Mines Club there was a perceptible movement amongst chess play ers, and several attempts to form chess clubs throughout the colony were made. Clare led ; Port Victor, by the energy of Mr. Mac Arthur, formerly of the Moonta Mines, followed: and spasmodic societies were initiated at Kadina and Wallaroo. Within another six months a chess club had been formed at Narridy, and at two or three places besides .chess meetings were held. Afterwards a good club was formed at Wellington, and the Southern Argus published a chess column in its weekly issue. A few months went by, and on the advent of Mr. R. A. Holmes, of the Port Club, at Port Pirie, a chess club was formed there, and it has become one of the best clubs out of Adelaide. Another had been formed at Port Augusta, and others were talked about. The committee were pleased to mark the flourishing condition of the game in the colony, as also that the Adelaide Glub was reorganising tourneys. There was a good attendance of members at the club room throughout the year. There had been a very general improvement in the quality of the play of the members. Not only had; the . book - opefdngs ' come into more favour, but' those who nad not time to study them had atoned by cultivating a better all- round style. A very successful club tourney was held during the past season. There were thiiteen entrances and four prizes, of which one, worth £5 5s., was oven by Mr. -Bower, two by the Club, and one by Mr. Joshua Evans. After thanking the donors mention was made that the prizes were won by Messrs. Trowell, Tomsett, King, and Kneebone. The last three winners belonged to the third and fourth classes, which " showed the accuracy of the handicapping. The club had yearly held a tourney, the last excelling alL Two club matches had been played with the Adelaide and Moonta Mines, and in both the Ports were victorious. It was the first occasion of the club scoring a victory over the city team. The committee recommended that the thanks of the club be given to the Chess Editors of the Observer and Chronicte for their regular supply of chess-slips for their use. The club numbered twenty-six members, of whom two were honorary. Several new members, however, awaited election. The finances showed receipts £35 16s., the payments leaving a credit balance of £4 16s. The report and» balance - sheet were adopted ' with much satisfaction, and the following officers elected: — Patron, Mr. D. Bower, MP. ; President, Captain Bickers, J.P.; Vice - President, Mr. H. W. Thompson, J.P. (Mayor of Port Adelaide); Hon. Secretary and Treasurer, Mr. E. Govett; Committee, Messrs. F. 11. Burton, A. Martin, F. Bell, W. Cook. It was resolved to hold another tourney, in connection with which the Chairman offered a prize. The arrangements as to handicapping, &c.;, were left to the committee, with Mr. J. H. Kneebone. The subject of a game of chess with living pieces, to lie played in the Town Hall was bronght forward, and His Worship the Mavor offered to assist the project materially. It was, however, left over for further consideration. MILE RACE.—We are informed that on Thursday a mile ra:e for £5 a side took place at the Exhibition IBuiLdin^ between two pedestrians named Clarke and Eldridge. It was won by Clark by about three yaras in the remarkably short time of 4 min. 15 sec., the quickest on record in this colony for a similar distance. 