THE NOVELIST. FORTUNE'S FOOL.* A Novwi: Br JWJAH HAWTHORN* PART II.-LUCK, CHAPrjta XXVIL ?'JIODEBN THOUGHT IS A SLY JOSNKOATIOK ' 0FIEN PLEADED FOB OPISIONS AND PRACTICES THAT OTHERWISE WAKX A OHA&ACTBB; BUT "MAN IB MADE OP OF AWFOL 0EETAINTIB8, COJIPABKD WITH WHICH THE THEORIES OF gClfflOE, BOWEVEB PEBF20T, ABE BUI OHAHOE RNL SHADOWS." , * * - J*.. C M_ They were now but a few days from San t: . bat these days wen Tendered large and memorable to Jack by bis introdnc ton through Brians mediumship, to the other more famous of Shakspeare'a plays. Ce which most deeply interested him were -Macbeth" and " The Tempestj" the visions, the witches, the bodiless presence «.d voices of earth and air, seemed to him. an echo to unfold experiences of his own. "A Midsummer Night's Dream " impressed him not nearly BO much; he had never met Oberou and Titama, and Puck had played no wankB with him. But the ait-drawn dagger was terrible to him, and not strange; and the cower of Prospero was not whimBical or fabulous. Jack was often disposed. to be in credulous of the testimony of his bodily rather than of hie spiritual senses. As he found his band sometimes clumsy in the execution of his thought, so the material aspect of things frequently seemed to him a cumbrous and temporary expedient for the conveyance of subtle and permanent mean* 1D?t was observed at the beginning of the last chapter that Bryan's opinion of Jack had begun to establish itself upon a new baeis. Jack, it appeared, was not merely a promising blank j he was a person of con siderable though unusual accomplishments, and of extraordinary and, in some respects, inEcrutable faculties. In launching him upon the world, therefore, it was no longer easy to forecast the effect, either for good_ or ill, that the experience might have upon him. He had genius, in the first j?laoe,a and his genius had already declared itself in a par* licular direction j and it is a habit of genius to make all things subservient to its end: so that Jack, instead of merely staring and wondering, might swallow the marvels of civilisation whole, and find them too little instead of too much for his mental diges tion. In the second place, he saw either more or less in a given object or phenome non than the average observer saw; and he drew original and unexpected conclusions from this inspection. Finally, he had a spirit and independence of bis own, which were liable to avouch themselves when least anticipated ; and though Bryan was accustomed to say to himself and to believe that he could control any man, and that be feared none, he had the inBight to perceive and the candour to admit that there was a quality or force in Jack which was sb much beyond his management &b; the growth of organisms or the turning of the earth upon its axis. Xt was a force alto gether upon a different plane from any he «as conscious of in himself, and beinp incal culable it might under certain conditions be comeformidable also. Now,to an ignoble mind that which is formidable is of necessity hate ful, and it may seem to strict moralists that Jack ought to have been hateful to Bryan in proportion as he was formidable to him. But it u one of the moat annoying characteristics oi persons essentially obnoxious to the moral law that they so frequently, in violation of au rules of harmony, refuse to approve them* stives unexceptionally damnable. As if for toei upress purpose of disqualifying a com lortable sweeping sentenoe, these nnreason ~le persons persist in retaining to them* some rags of virtue or honesty, wmch, though probably insufficient to save them from the bottomless pit at last, ao nevertheless compel outraged respect ability to make such reservations in its nghtsous decree as tend to impair somewhat its dignity and impressivenesa. I not venture directly to assert that Bryan, w&o; was certainly immoral, was noi ignoble u wtll; but a regard for iaots obliges me at ine s*me time to affira that his analysis of ^om moving him to hatred, in* * sentiment of friendship that young man nob as be remembered h»f«tlet« *®lt for any fellow-oreatare 2"% MJack had been strong in the same .teon*« had thai s ^ 011 own ground, there would . conflict between them, poten 5JL? ac.t,v«» which wouldprobably have tinraL?/ final subjection or ex action of ous or other of them. Bat, as it thSl r?1? rivalry at all. any more s« 8 enhsist between an arohiteot, There was no neoee ^ between them: each might zdzw* to pio< Importantly assist i andmntaally oom* bv «w»n:^ «»» nM n8aCT npop 5? ^fwy naMwe; notihat hit win sLSfrt1'.f<* to leatn to lects of a e were to HiM hi* oomrade. >b»bly ifrom ' was to ( too fiur. Bat hkia$t itrosted www". WWfW ->« ? f. tilUW>! -> r'ft ?'hsii 'ftit,4i ticklish affair} a alight maladroitnesa may reiult in turning it out coal- black, which ia almost as bad as white for civilised pur* poses. Meanwhile Bryan, with all his perception, perhaps failed to perceive that Jack was un consciously affecting him at least as mach as he. witii deliberation, was affecting Jack. To San Francisco they came at length. The appearance of Otis city in 1847 was, in comparison with ifea present aspect, as a sparrow to an ostrich. Jack was excited by it. bat not stupefied. It even reminded him of an enlarged Suncook. It was not so impresBive as a mountain range; but it Btruck him (who had found even an Indian encampment crowded) as being breathleBBly and terribly populous. ScoreB and hundreds of absolutely new faces at every turn 1 white faces, too; which were, somehow, much more intrusively visible and effective than brown ones. Then, such a wealth and variety of wardrobes: such a babel of tongues, speaking for the most part English, or certain dialects thereof. The throng, moreover, waa not animated by any pervading or uniform purpose; but every man was hurrying on some affair which seemingly concerned himself alone. There were numbers of women, also; a pheno menon at which Jack could not help gazing with devout astonishment. How different from Bquaws ! He wu likewise obliged to notice, with admiration for the ingenious simplicity of the device, that the houses were arranged side by side in straight rows, with narrow strips of space along their fronts, on which the people walked ; while intermediate was a broader space eet apart for horses and vehicles. Yes, it was certainly ingenious and useful; but it was embarrass ingly conspicuous and oppressive. Impossible to think of living in such places; and yet tbere were people in them, visible behind the glass windows, and sometimes looking out from them. People-people everywhere; un limited people 1 Jack was sure that he loved his fellow mortals heartily and inexhaustibly; but thiB ceaseless horde of them choked and paralysed him. He did not know one of them; he had never reflected how many persona tbere might be in the world who were strangera to him. Here were more strange faces in ten mindtes than he had met with in the course of the last seven years nay, he might say during his whole life. Where could they all have come from, and what were they all bo busy about! As he gazed down the street they had the sem blance of two long crawling or wriggling animalB on both sides of the way. They never stopped, yet they never (in the aggre gate) either .advanced or retreated. They were always moving, and always present; and yet nothing of importance proportionate to tMs innumerable movement ana presence seemed to happen. It waa bewildering, al most appalling. Jack began to fear that he had over-estimated his power of hnman endurance-literally. It was like being in a mill; it was like being an ant in an ant-hill; in fact it was like nothing else describable or conceivable. All the while, in self-defence, as it was, Jack kept assuring himself that they were all human beings like himself, with limbs and organs like his own, sensible to hunger and fatigue as he was, animated like himself with hopes, fears, joys, sorrows, loves. . . . But it was hard to believe it. It was hard to believe that they were real, and not a magical amplification or multiplica tion of two or three. At momenta, the Bcene, as to its material distinct ness, dissolved before Jack'B eyes, and he only heard confused Bounds, and was conscious of a vague weltering of a great life, that was many in one, a single idea re sounding in countless echoes; mankind, perhaps, not men. He felt his own heart beating time to a thousand tunes, his own brain investigating a thousand clues, concoct ing a thousand plans. Then, in an instant, the faces reappeared again, with their myriad diversities of type and expression, real, separate, inharmonious, incomprehensible. Ob, to dap spurs to his mustang, and fly into solitude and silence 1 "What are yon muttering about. Jack, my man?" demanded the strong, seu- noBseaaed voice of Bryan, riding close at his side. "How do you like it J" " why are there so many f Jack asked. "It's the fault either of the. men or of the women-philosophers are divided upon the point; probably there are faults on both sides. The thing has been going on like this, and worse, for ages. I dont really know why a thousandth or a % hundred oess isn't made better by multiplying it However, there's another way of looking at it Mankind is a nuisance to nothine so much as to itself; so it is most likely for its own punishment that it exists: and, of oourse, the more, the more punished.'' " What is the punishment f "Itis derived from this fact-that every staftle individual you see there, as well as every one of the other thousand millions or so that the world contains, would, if he had his Ml swing, either kill or enslave all the reet, and steal all that belonged to them." "That cannot be true," replied Jack with conviction. "I would know^d do it myself ;and so would yon." Thispeemfft to stagger Jack: but after a pause he Mid,"SoTmight, if I turned one. way I tawed the other, I should give tbemell I had, and make them happy." "When yon are a man of theworld, you will do neither of those things," Bryan an swered, " yon wUleplit the difference." "" In what way f " Why. under oover of turning (as youcall ' --- -mm jian |a it) the**^atter way. you do what'you" can to scrabble along in tbe iornier; so you conceal the pUfoingi (tbe tinner behind the M"Ky brotheSliesJ"said Jaofclookingfct , bis companion, and speaking with the point blank simplicity of bis Indian training. "And so will you, when you're wiser,!' re twned be with imperturbable good humour. " JBut hire we are at on bow. Now lor cirliisation." j * the most considerable u^6:^' thei,r borBea were taken to the Btable in charge of the ostler, and they themselves, at Bryan s direction, were shown into a private apartment, and their lneitaee 2i ®81 j?"68' brought in with them, ^[fter of^r1?8 dlt}ne*,Bryan bade the landlord to hr?£ v.a goldsmith, and to tell him to bring his scales in his pocket. "And the ^.'better!" 1 the ^ he ttdded j«Yiie,lih®u1?nd2or? h*d left them, evidently m some doubt whether it might not be the part of prudence to request them to vacate Lis premises, Bryan locked the dwr, and a teb!e the centre of the room ? nn«8eta and gold auet which he had cot together during hia £!££*?<.» sojourn in the wilderness. He swept it together in a great, glittering heap, re marking, with a comical si&glanw; at Jack There lie the souls of half the honest men ?f"?r *.»?.«>b« a»»atabT cloth over the heap, and warned Jack to con tent himself with listening to the ensuing interview, and not to make any remark. To this the other agreed: and then, after a while, there was a knock at the door. Bryan unlocked it, and admitted the goldsmith. He ouldered man. with a keen Bwarthy face, lll-Bhavea, and with a monkey like trick of working his eyebrows up and down. He glanced round suspiciously at the doormeD' remained standing near the "Are you the man I sent for?" inquired Bryan, m a very suave tone. « » gojdemith, if that's what you sent lor, replied the other, imparting a Bcooping movement to his head, which left him with bis neck stretched forwards to the fullest extent, hiB forehead wrinkling ud into hra hair, and bis eyes blinking. "I was alluding to your character," rejoined Bryan, blandly ; "1 sent for the greatest scoundrel in town-butyou needn't give your credentials," he added, as the other made an indignant gesture. " and if you attempt to go out of the room, 1*11 blow your brains over the door panel. I was about to say that youcarry your credentials on your countenance. Bat, my dear Bir, though I admit you are the woret thief and villain resident in town, I beg to inform jou that a far worse one than yourself has the honour of addressing you at this moment. Compared with me, you are as innocent and guileless as a child." "Say, now, what air you up to, anyhow?" demanded the goldsmith, shifting his posi tion uneasily; ,Tef chaff's your game--' " Quite the contrary; my game is busi ness of the most weighty and private nature. I mnst inform you, sir, that I'm a murderer and a robber-don't move!-I have shot down numbers of men in cold blood, and rifled their pockets afterwards. I would make no more of burglariously entering your premises, and nailing you down to your oonnter with a bowie-knife through your heart, than I would of swallowing a whisky cocktail-fact, I aBBnre yon! However, my intentions at present are much less objectionable. I have some goods here, stolen, and-metaphorically speaking-steeped in blood, and I wish you to become the receiver of them. The value is between fifty and seventy-five thousand dollars. Have you brought your scales with you ?" " There! that's my darned forgetfalnesB again!" exclaimed the goldsmith, with a feeble pretence of self-reproacb, and edging towards the door. " Blessed ef I didn't leave 'em on the shelf behind " " No, you are doing your excellent memory an injustice. I can see the outline of the scales in the left breast pocket of your coat. If you will hold still a moment I will put this bullet through the centre of the-ah! I thought I couldn't be mistaken. And now the weights ; not the false ones, please ; the others. We are getting on capitally." , The goldsmith nad hastily, and with tremb ling hands, produced his weighing apparatus, and now stood motionless, save for the nervous ups-and-downs of his eyebrows, his bottom wish evidently being that he might come out of this adventure with a whole skin. Bryan then stepped to the table, threw himself into a dramatic attitude, and whisked off the doth. The glittering mountain of gold was revealed. A sudden change took plaee in thede* meanour of the goldsmith. From being re laxed and shaky he abruptly became tense and stiff; his gace was rigidly fixed upon the gold heap, and he drew his breath slowly and audibly through expanded nostrils. So you may see a cur conduct himself when unex pectedly confronted by a large tomcat, or a strange dog of questionable aspect. " Step up and take a look at it; it won't hurt yon," said Bryan, cheerfully. The goldsmith advanced to the table, and plunged his bands into the he&'p. He lifted up bfindfals of the precious stuff, held them close to his face, dandled them, took up pieces and bit them, turned them about, and scrutinised them on every side, " I'll have to borrow, the money for this," he said at length, and his mouth watered as he spoke. " There's more' there than I've sot in the world." "What commission do yon charge Tin quired Bryan, who had been watching his proceedings with a curious smile on his face. " Twenty," replied the other. " Couldn't do it for less." "I'll tive»ou ten if yon have the money here within half an hoar," said Bryan, "You may as well keep that nugget that accident ally got up your sleeve; it'll remind yon that we understand each other. Now, off yon go; and mind-I want only athousand in dollars; the rest in sovereigns and Bank of England notes." ; '. .*»???? ?< " All right, gentlemen," said the goldsmith, making for the door, but casting glowering looks at the wealth noon the table. *'I gates, helpcaw$>A aT r ' " Pooh ! you show, lest than your utiuM : perspicacity, my dear colleague," inteitubted 1 kyan. " D<m\yw.awTthat ifrdm«mtto i murder yon, I should have called on you i n . your shop! .l oan't afford to Main ttiy lilBvj ord's <*rpet. Come alone, or, if It would pay yo? better, stay 'aimy and.X^I^ jjB the police. Bat look sharp, whatever yon The goldBmith darted off, and Bryan, having locked the door after him, threw him self down on a sofa, and gave way to A hearty chuckle. " What do yon think of business, nay man ?" he inquired of Jack at length. " Edi fying, iisn't it!" r "i1 p.r.0Lmi8$d you 1 not speak," said Jack; bat I wanted to aek you why yoa told nothing bat lieB? Why do yon wish him to think yon a murderer and a robber, when yon are not ?" " Isn't that better than making men believe I am a saint and a Christian when 1 am not? Besides, as I have often remarked before, we ?re all of us robbera and murderers at bottom, if the truth were known, and it's nothing to be ashamed of either. However, in this case there were special reasons. My object was to get rid of this gold without kicking up any row, Now, if I had told that little Bcoundre!> °* anybody else, that I dug this staff out of the ground, we should not be able to stir hand or foot for nine days, for the rush of scamps and idiots asking questions. And then the whole population would plunge head over heels into the wilderness to dig gold ; and I feel moral scruples against being responsible for embarking thousands of my fellow- creatures in a business of such doubt ful expediency as gold-digging. It takes them away from productive industries, makes them deBert their homes and families, and inclines them to the practice of dissipation and the formation of anti-church-going societies. But my device obviated all these drawbacks. By the fellow's being a ecoundrel I secured myself against the inconvenience which would otherwise have resulted from scruples on his part as to receiving what he believed to be stolen goods. Having agreed to deal with me, regard for hiB own skin will keep him from revealing to any one the fact that thiB gold exists. He will melt it down into bars, and sell it perhaps in New York six months hence. He will be careful to say nothing to the police, because he has no witnesses to prove my story against me and becauee, if he had, it would only lose him the benefit of the transaction. As it ii, we shall walk off quietly with our fifty or sixty thousand dollars, and no one will so much as turn to look after us. The only thing I regret is that I didn t send for the honeBtest man in San Francisco, instead of the greatest rogue. It would only have been a question of a little more trouble and time, and the honest man would have been in the aame box as the rogue is now, with the additional advantage for him that he wonld have been for ever after preserved from being such an infernal fool and hypocrite as to think or say that he was an honest man again. But, niga ! I am only human, and my best thoughts will sometimes come too later He got up, stretched himself, laughed again, and added, ''Bah ! Jack, don't look so solemn, man. I'm only joking, and the goldsmith knows it aB well as I do. It's the conventional style in business engagements-that's alL Why, what the devil's the matter, man? What makes you stare BO? I'm not a ghost!" . Jack's appearance at this moment was indeed remarkable. Standing erect at his full height, which was over rather than under 6ft., bis curling brown hair thrown back on his shoulders, one hand grasping the back of the chair from which he had risen, while the other moved vaguely before him, as if to lay hold of something visible only to himself; his eyes were fixed upon Bryan's face in a broad, immovable gaze, which nevertheless seemed to receive no impression from the material object of their regard. The upper eyelids were lifted in a peculiar manner, and the pupils were widely distended. His cheeks and lips were colourless, and the latter were pressed firmly together. At length he spoke, m a low even tone, Btrangely at variance with the grisly purport of what he said. " He must be dead. It went through his temple there's the hole, and thick blood trickling out Bryan His eyes were hor rible-they should be shut. He's cold al ready. Who did it ? I heard--no- ?" His voice lingered and stopped. Colour re turned to his face, and the constraint vanished from hiB attitude. He closed and reopened his eyes twice or thrice, and shaded them with his hand, as one might do who emerges suddenly from into sun light. Then he glanced round the room, re seated himself in the chair, and said, in his usual tone "How long has that goldsmith been away?" " I«ong enough for me to die and come to life again, it seemB," answered Bryan, at tempting a nonchalance which he scarcely felt. Jack looked up at him quickly. '. How did you know that?" he demanded. . S.ow t"ld you know it-that's the ques tion r the other returned, with a short laugh. ' Oh-I often have strange thoughts: but W^of them," said JackTlooking a little troubled. "I want to ask you," he went on, * why yon made that man believe yon were a murderer and a robber " 'Ah! I see iny eloquence is more soporific MRPOBM, interrupted Bryan, again laughing discordantly. "You will do m?a favour, in your future thinkings, not to of me-especially when I am by. Some of these days yon will injure my riiaMtjfon Once is enough for a man to die, inaU cob-' science 1 Here comes lour banker." 