THE PROBLEM OF TUB BOOK OF JOB. The Bishop of Melbourne, yesterday. afternoon, delivered his fourth lectnre on tho Problem of the Book.of Job, at thcpro-Catbedral, Swanston- streot. The attendance was very largo, every available scatin the building -being occupied. Tho. Bishop said : — The doctrine ofafuturolifc 'in the Chokmah litcraturo was in general very regno and uncertain. After death man was said to depart into Shcol, and tho Shcol of this period had closer affinities with the Greek than with tho Christian conception of tho stato after death. Sheol means "the vast hollow subterranean rest ing-place which is tho common receptaclo.of the dead." Existence in this dark under- world is conceived of as drear and shadow jr. Its lifoislow nnd ineffectual. "In death," says the Psalmist, " there is no remembrance, of thee ; in Sheol who shall give theo thanks ?" " Wilt thou show wonders unto the dead?" cries another. " Shall the shades below arise and give theo thanks.1" And even so late as the period of theJfeclcsiastcs, the preacher cries, " Whatsoever thy hand fiudoth to do, do it with thy might, for thero is no work, nor devico, nor knowledge, nor wisdom in Sheol . whither thou guest." The representations in the early part of tho Book of Job agreo entirely with these views. Sheol, with the author, is a . land of darkness, of a deep darkness which en- pulphs and encircles tho shadowy spectres of the dead, as the murky mantle of midnight enwraps and overshadows tho earth. In this dreary abode be believes that his life will bo as good aa extin guished. 'l'hore is hope, ho says, in the fourteenth chapter, that if a tree be cut down its stump will put forth new shoots and branches; but us forman, ho dieth and huddolh no more. " Ha givetli up the ghost, and whero is lie He is like tbs hot-bed of a winter torrent in snmmer, when its waters are dried up— their musie silenced, and their freshness exhausted. "So man iieth down and riscth not again, till tho , heavens be no more" — even for ever and ever. strange a contrast this seems to tho bright and hopeful fancies of such Greek ' pools as Homer, Hesiod and Pindar ; to tlio Elysian plain of Odyssey, ' whore presided in judgment the golden-haired Rhadamantlius, where life is cver free from caro and toii ;" nnd, again, to thoso "Isles of the Blessed," where, - according to Pindar, " tho sun is over shining, where the souls of the just spend a tcnrless eternity, where flowers of jjold and fruits im mortal grow." Wo are sensiblo, it is true, of an almost total lack of moral nnd spiritual earnest ness in such passages as these, hut nt least they are joyous and hopeful, aud oven confident. How is it then, that in spite of bright gleams nnd flashes hero and there, early llobrow thobght about a future life is so darkened by dread and uncertainty? The ready nnswer is, bccauso Moses altogether ignored the subject. The law said nothing, and what then, -without guidanco of revelation, could be affirmed by poet, or seer, or sago ? This answer, however, provokes in- ovitahlj' a fresh question. Why was Aloses silent, about tho doctrine of a future life? Apart altogether from the question of special inspiration, this sijcnco of tlio great prophet is one of the most astonishing facts in tlio whole, course of man's spiritual history. Its full im port was not even seen by Bishop Warhurtou, nnd could indeed be seen by no one before the publication of modern discovorios in Egyptology. Moses, wo are told, .was tiie adopted son of Pharaoh's daughter, and learned in all tho wis dom of the Egyptians ; wlidt then had he learnt from them about a future life ? The Egyptians (as jr. Runout has remarked) " were amongst the most religious of the ancient nations; Religion in some form or other w;is dominant in every rela tion of their lives." Tho portion of their litera ture which lias been preserved to us ia .almost en tirely religious, so that " if we wish to keep clear of religion in studying Egyptian literature, we shall have to confine ourselves to mathematics." Again, of all the doctrines of their creed, that roT, lating to a future lifcoecupiud tho iilaeo of greatest prominence. It was said of old time that it was easier to find a God in Athens thnn a man. It might have been said witli as much truth that it was easier to find a tomb in Egypt than a house. No occupation in lifo was so important to an Egyptian — whether prince or peasant— as tho provision for hiuisolf of a Jast resting place. Upon his sepulchre the rich man lavished ail tho resources of art and architecture. His privato residence he called a hostelry, a placoin which ho sojourned as he journeyed, but his tomb be called his "eternal dwelling place." There the em balmed body would lio for thousands of yenrs, waiting for tho time when he should coma back to claim it after having seen the gods. The soul, they believed, consisted of a subtler king of mat ter ; it could cat and drink, and when the long series of conflicts and transfor mations was over, which led on to the Gnal judgment, tho blessed, whose heart turned the scale against tho imago of pure truth, weiib io parauise. uns uussiui piaeo is surrounded by a wall of steel." There the just soul lives as lie lived on earth, feeding on the flesh of fowls and cattle, inhaling the sweet odors of flowers, resting in the shade of the sycamore tree, or ploughing, sowing and reuping'tho tields of Hotcp, us he once cultivated the water mea dows of tho Nile. Through all this existence ho keeps up a kind of mysterious connection with his entombed body, visiting it from tinio to tinie, and using it for the purpose of intensifying his life. You may easily perceive how such beliefs as these ivould act upon Egyptian life and cus toms. Those wo call "dead, the departed, were called by the Egyptians the living, and their "houses of eternity" were among the grandest and vastest of the monuments of Egypt. Tho pyramids -are royal tombs. And to- day, when every palace of king and noble has disappeared, Egypt is filled with the dwelling-places of tho dead. Cure, indeed, for the dead, buildings for the dead, prayers and sacrifices to the dead, met nn " Egyptinn at ovcry turn of his life. Thoso things were thrust upon his notice. He could not have escaped them if lie ivould. Moses knew all this —knew all that is contained in the celebrated hook of the dead— knew even tho esoteric doc- trino by which all its strange weird rites, conflicts and pilgrimages were philosophically explained. . And yet of a future lifo he says never a word, not because be could not obvionsly, but because lio would not. Now, how is this? It is not enough to answer, God showed him nothing aud there fore lio said nothing. For howcvcrtrue that may be, wo naturally ask the question why lie was bidden to ignore all this knowlcdgo of his, and to bury it in absolute oblivion. Correction of the doctrine wo could understand, but why is it ignored ? Is it because the doctrino in itself is worthless for moral nnd spiritual use's ; because we need no anodyne for sorrow but that nobility of soul which the sorrow produces ; because this lifo is a complete and ronndod whole, containing within itself all solutions of difficulty and retri butions for wrong ? In calm and pcacoful days men may possibly think so, but how can they when lifo is one long suffering or injustice. Con sider such cases as that of tho Scotch cove nanters, driven from moor to moor by a cruel and licentious soldiery, murdered on their own hearthstone, tortured by fiends in the shape of men, till their involuntary cries sickened even their executioners. Consider the case of the poor Jews in Russia, who, because they nre of another faith aud prosper beyond their, neighbors, are driven forth naked into the cold ami rain by savages misnamed Christians— the men murdered, the women outraged, and the whole race sub jected to atrocities of cruelty utterly unspeakable. Consider the case of the poor Catholic priests of Paris, in the hideous saturnalia of tlio Com mune, hnntcd from their homes, insulted, nnd finally murdered in prison by tho hundred, because they belonged to a Christian church, and would not join in the foul atheistic orgies' Uf their tyrants. Yon, consider a worse case than all these—that of the French peasantry before tho revolution, when it whole people, through several generations, were gradually ground down in tho merciless mill of oppression till they lost all the joys, and almost all the attributes, of human life. Till ono could write of them, " Certain savage- looking beings, male and female, are seen in the country, black, livid and sunburnt, and belonging to the soil which they dig and grub with invin cible stubbornness. They seem capable -of ai ticu- lation, and when they stand erect they display human lineaments. Tbey are, in fact, men. They retire at night into their dens, where they j live on black bread, water and roots." Yes, to l this the gay peasants of sunny France had been | reduced by an oppression incredible, nnrelcnt- I iug and wholly hcastiike, because thoughtless and heartless ; an oppression which operated through agents like him who said of: a rather more prosperous neighborhood, " I have noticed that the peasants are stouter hero than elsewhere, and that they havo chicken feathers before their doors. Tlieir taxes must bo increased." Great God in ' heaven, if such people as these have no deliverer : if they are to drag on such man-inflicted suffer ings as these for a whole life-time, only to bury them iu the grave — where is reason, where is justice, where is God ? Can we cry aloud in'such days, with the author of the Apocalypse, " Alleluia, Salvation ; glory and honor and power be to the Lord our God, true and righteous are his judgments, for He hath judged, the great whore wbicu did corrupt the earth. Can we say this, and can we whisper to tho poor sufferer— You have a Father in Heaven, and.thislii'e is not oil. Wait patiently a little while, and there shall be for yon a place where they hanger no more neither thirst any more— for the Lamb which is in the midst of tho throne shall feed them and lead them to living fountains of waters, and God shall wipe away all tears from their eyes. Can we say this, and believe it With all our heart and sonl ; for if not, how can we help our brethren, in such days, to resist the fell suggestion, "Curse God and die." Fine senti ment may do, perhaps, for times of peace and fulness of bread, but what can help us, what can I give us hope and self-controlling patience in such ! days as those but the nndoubting faith in a future righteous retribution ? We may not bo permitted to say, then, that Moses was silent upon the doctrine of a future life because that doctrine was practically useless. Why, then, we ask again, did lie totally suppress; and not correct a doctrine with which ne was well acquainted ? The reason is to be found, I believe, in the neces sity of weaning Israel from a demoralising idea of a future life in tho interest of a higher truth, The temple of true religion rests on two founda tion-stones — tho belief in a personal relation to God, and the belief in a future life in which that relation shall be perfected and de veloped. But you will see from this very method of stating the fact that tho latter trath must bo, subordinate to tho former. If a future life is provided in outer to perfect our relation to God, that relation is tho very cause of its existence. A 'future life gives space and time for the development of our know ledge of God, .of our effort to become like God. That knowledge, then, and that effort most constitute tho one thing needful; must furnish the sole 'condition on which a future life can be of 'any worth to us. Suppose, then, that there be in any country a theory "of a future life which obscures and corrupts man's knowledge' and love of God. 'Then that theory will do no harm, and it may become ' necessary to withdraw attention entirely from the thought of a future existence in order to impress the first great neglected truth of our personal relation to God. This is exactly what Moses did, and our recently acquired knowledge of the Egyptian religion shows that what he did, however astonishing at first sight, was nothing less than necessary. Some of you, perhaps, who know something of tho Egyptian book of the dead, may be at first inclined to doubt this. Could anything you may think have a better effect on conduct than the searching moral trial which that book assured every Egyptian he would- have to undergo ? So at first sight it may seem. But then we are met by tho startling fact that it produced no such effect on conduct; that, on 'the contrary, the monuments show us a peoples of specially vicious and lascivi ous life. How is this '! The faith of the people, I answer, had been corrupted. Their faith in God had taken a wrong direction, and had sunk into a demoralising Pantheism. Their hope of acquittal at the great judgment was thought to depend, not on virtuous obedience to a moral law, but.on charms,, amulets, magical formulae, talismans, in- cantations, and all the base machinery of a supcr- stitious formalism. It' naturally followed that purification, which now meant simply tlho doing of superstitious acts, was deferred to the next life, and men lived in tho present just as their passions drove them. Thus the Egyptian theory of a future life became a positive instrument of immorality. But you may ask, Could this" great corruption of faith havo taken placo as early us the time of Moses? You must remember that in the time of Moses Egyp tian civilisation was more tlmn 2000 years old — older than is the 'Christian Church to day. A statue of an Egyptian king was sent to ono of the international exhibitions at Faris which liad been hewn 3SOO years before Christ. This may give you some idea how very, modern to an Egyptian would appear the age of Moses. Recently, however, we obtained -a clearer proof than this that Moses lived in tho days of Egyptian declension. An Egyptian romance was found lately in the grave of a Christian monk. It professed to tell the history of one of tho some of the great Rame ses, a contemporary of Moses, and it is full of stories implying ail implicit: belief in the wildest magical superstitions. The Israelites must have been well acquainted with this degenerate phase of Egyptian faith ; and hence tho absolute neces sity of withdrawing their attention from a mis leading and debasing eschatology to fix it upon that great belief in a personal relation to God, under tho inspiration of which true views of tho future could nlono be originated and developed. This, it will be found, is n truth of universal ap plication. . Tho moral effect of-the belief in a future life depends always on tho conception men form of their relation to God. It is so in Moham medanism. It- God has been described by Palgrave as a being dwelling "alone cmd sterile on his own innceessiblo height," iteknoivlodgiug ho law but his own arbitrary will; and showing no love " in Ilia indifferent > aud unregardiug depotisru." What effect has tiliis belief, then, on tho Mohammedan doctrine of 'immortality? It leaves a sensuous life in tho ntext world as pos sible as it was here. Neither on earth nor in paradiso could tho Moslem feel the force of St. Paul's sublime appeal, "Know ye not that your body is in tho temple of the Holy Ghost?" " Shall I take tho members of Christ and make them members of a harlot?"' Did time permit, it would be easy to show you how the same law prevails in tho ancient Aryan faiths. Because in the pantheistic vedanta philosophy the world- soul, which was its god, flowed freely through all forms, thercfore was suck a process pos sible to that spark of this 'soul which was man. But since to an Aryan, with his pro found ethical feeling, man's moral state must always govern his life, thorefqre the stroke of conduct was felt in all those viler trans migrations of being thrnugh winch tho sinner had to pass. Again, tho Bramin's thought of God degraded his thought of immortality. Gau tama, the Buddha, horrified at this eternal round of misery and illusion, and determined to break what were called tho "bonds of action," enters upon the career of a reformer. How shall he get rid of transmigration ? How shail he purify the doctrine of a future life? He finds at last there is one way. He must change the conception of God. So he thinks away, not only the gods of the popular theology, but even Brahma himself,' and arrives at tho idea of Nirvana, which gives him the sense of emancipation, and makes him the light of Asia. As before, the moral effect of the doctrine of a future life is seen to depend on tho doctrine of man's relation to God. Can you see at once then, first, why Job began with so' dreary a conception of Sheol ; and secondly, why he felt himself impelled gradually to- wards a larger hope? So long as he held the popular view about God, that he met every earthly virtue with an adequate re ward, and every earthly sin with an adequate punishment, so making this life a rounded and self-explanatory whole, it was possible to look no farther than the end of this life. But, if our present existence did not present this-imaginary moral completeness (and that it did not was to Job self-evident), then the question might be started whether .perhaps there might not be wider spaces of time and freer spiritual ' con ditions of existence in which the tangled be ginnings of our life might ho worked out through a gradual unravelling to more beautiful and com- prehensible issues. Job was impelled along this line of speculation by two forces— first, by tbo felt need of a vindicator in the presence of unjust accusation;, and, secondly, by 'f his" faith that tho Eternal Justice so loved him that it would not leave him without vindica tion. And what if this might not be here? What if, in his present fleeting, decaying life, there was neither time nor space for the de velopment of these grand issues? Still; as justice has tho right to be, and God has the will' and power to make it be, space and time will be found for my vindication— if not in this lifoe, then in another. Driven on by this imperative " must be" of conscience, tho thought of a future life gradually takes more and more definite shape. It comes np in tlie 14th chapter ng a mere concep tion, ifi the 16th as a command, and at length in the 19th as a confident and triumphant belief. Very suddenly does tho celestial afflatus descend on tho patriarch's spirit at last, but yet we can already discern, I. think, in the sadden ing pleading tone of verse 21, that some great change is at hand. "Have pity on me," cries tho sufferer, "havo pity on me, O yo my . friends, for tho hand of Eloah hath touched me." These words seem to bespeak that softening of the heart, that sudden exultation of tho feelings into an exceedingly mobile sensitiveness which so strikingly precedes the ecstatic rapture of some conversions. Ono who know anything of this condition of spirit, and had narrowly watched tho successive phases of Job's feeling -might almost have anticipated that sudden check and sob, as it were, of exultn- tion with which at length he bursts forth — " I know that my Vindicator liveth," and that He will surely make plain my innocence. Yen, not only so, but I shall live to seo it, not hero, per haps, in this frail tottering tabernacle, but yon der, "without my flush shall I see God, whom my eyes shall behold and not another." Hero again then .we see the noble uses of adversity. As it was soul travail which nerved Abraham for his heroism of self-sacrifice, ' as it was soul travail which strengthened Jacob for his night wrestle at Peneil, so it is soul travail now which, driving the spirit tossed patriarch closer to God, carries him right beyond the limits' of sense and time to find vindication in eternity. As with Job, so with Israel : he wins the know ledge of immortality through suffering. Good was it, no doubt, in happier days to think of tho" glory on Zion and the living love which dwel- beneath tho vine and brooded over tho home stead of every son of Israel. But the thought was too big for its environment. Such a God, such a Father of mankind !— how could Ho ho restricted- to tho here and now? Signs of the existence of such a feeling spring to light in gleams and flashes of presentiment,' even in the earlier prophetic literature. But out into tho full light of consciousness it cannot come till national afflliction has discredited the here and now, till Israel fails in the secular .conflict, till, cast forth like Job on tho asli- heap of contempt and captivity, she is left alone with her spirit and her God. Then she first realises how great these are. Then you hear tho grand cry, "O Thou that inhabitest" (not the Temple, the outward thing), but " the praises of Zion." Then you hear the glorious chant of Deutero-lsaiah. Tho Gentiles -shall come to thy light and kings to tho brightness of thy rising ; there must be room for this mighty kingdom— room as wide as the earth— yes, and time for it too,— time, as Daniel announces, vast as tho greater reaches of eternity, for then "many of them that sleep in the dust of the earth shall awake, some to everlasting iiie, arid some to shame and everlasting contempt." All grand certainty is the affirmation of conscience, driven on, for tbo most part, by the stress of doubt and suffering. It is not othcriviso to-day. How deep is tho suffering of manya man who fears that ho lias parted for ever, from tho friend of liis heart. There lies all which remains of him, and it is earth aud food for worms. How dare I believe that he lives in the face of such evidence as that? Feeble reason cannot help me. On the uttermost bound of her horizon there is not a cloud of cer tainty as'hlg as a man's hand. Lay revelation aside, and what help can reason give us iu daj'3 like these. The savage could think that the soul left the body to range through tlio fantastic ' scenery of the dream. Wo know that the dream, is onferimperfect cerebration ; that it mcan3 pns- nibly nothing more than the too fccbio contrac tion K)f a muscle. The poet may let Jiimsclf be cnrriod.'nway hjrthe scdnctive analogies ofmaturo, By the apparent resurrection of tho spring tide. And now. birth of tho butterfly ; bnt rea son knows that this is nothing better than mays-illusion — that in niino of these cases was thero tho reality of death. Prove, cries Neville, that tho man is dead. You show me the rains of > his bodily tabernacle. That is siothing. Prove that the strong spirit which-' -wrestled with tho problems of life, which could raoar beyond the stars and find out God— provo that that is dead. I cannot, answers scionco, but ' as little can I provo that tlie man was more than- you call tabernacle. Alas 1 ulus t would that I could. Do you think, thon, cries tho impatient 'questioner within, that such a nature could como tosuch on end ; that all that promise pointed to nothing ; that-all thoso aspirations led no whither; that . these mighty beginnings, so pregnant with glorious possibilities, nre cut off abruptly by the mere stoppage of tho breath ? It is hard to think it. I would fain not, cries reason ; but how can I know that every rudely-cut- liloek-will come to ho a perfoct statue .-that ovcry Irively form will attaia to tho ideal which it is striving after. Nature' ia full of unrealised ideals, and so are tbo history and tho life of man. I can but guess nnd show you possibilities. Kvidonco I luive none. None? Then whatis the uso of you ? I know that I shall not go to tbo worms with m.v body, cries the impatient sonl. Reason can but veil her face and bo silent. But mark this: sho cannot extinguish that universal hope nnd demand for im mortality. What then does it rest on? Where is its basis? What' mighty force is it in our wondrous spirit which still persists in saying with Job, "Out of my flesh shall I sec God." Thoro is only ono faculty within ns that has this secret of certainty — that dares ill tlio faco of scioiicc and of death to utter its unconditional imperative. That wondrous force is conscience. What brings her on the sccno is tlio necessity of retribution. Justice must, bo done, she cric3. But in this lifo it is not done— it is only beginning to bo done. I see tho incipientsliaping of tho mighty curve, and. I can follow it boyond tlio stars, wlicro it speeds away towards the Ibrono of tho Eternal. JYIiat if tho astronomer sees but the comet for a week? Ho has seen enough to mark the elements of its orbit, and ho can follow it with ns mucii cer tainty through tho dark distant spaces of its mighty journey as if ho'saw the broad expanse of , its glory thrown across half tlio sky. So is it with conscience. Sho knows tho clcmcuts of our moral orbit, aud sho is certain that it reaches beyond tbo. darkness ofilcath. It la 'her claim to justice and her faith in tho Just Ono which gives her .this certainty ; when therefore sho sees her ideal realised — justice done and justico satisfied — she can receive, as the nnswer to her demand, thoso-' clear .strong words of Divine assurance, "lam the resurrection and the life, lie-that believe tli in Me though he were dead yot shall he live, arid ho who'livctU ami belicvcth in M'e shall nc4cr . die." 