NOTES ON SPORT IN ENGLAND. W - ' From our Special Correspondent,] LONDON, May 5. At the present time the doings of colonists are i attracting a large share of the attention of those < interested in rowing and cricket in England, and t Laycock, Trickett, Hanlan, Murdoch, Massie, i Spofforth, Blackham, etc., are names now familiar i to many not ordinarily interested in sport and it is worthy of note that perhaps the best oarsman in i either of the University crews this year was Fair- | bairn, who hails from Australia, and rowed No. 6 of in the Cambridge boat. The result of Trickett's race with Hanlan was here regarded as so much of a i foregone conclusion, that about the only speculation was as to whether the finders of Trickett's I stake-money were guided by blind patriotism, or < ulterior motives difficult to fathom. Trickett may be a better man than any of our English scullers, ; which unfortunately is a ,t sa) ing much at present, : but that he had not the ghost of a chance with the phenomenal Hanlan had been abundantly demon- i strated, directly and collaterally, At any rate, he has now had the satisfaction, such as it is, of being beaten when he had no drawback in the way of want of health or condition to complain of. Indeed, he may almost be said to have been twice beaten, for it appears that Hanlan, after playing various antics, such as stopping to bale out his boat, finished about a quarter of a mile in front of him, and then, turning round, met Trickett, and racing with him again finished in front of him. The taste of such a proceeding is questionable, but it at least had the effect of convincing Trickett, as he admitted at a farewell meeting at his quarters, the Bells, that he had met the best sculler the world over saw, and Laycock's backers will now probably think them selves fortunate that Hanlan did not consider it worth his while to wait in England for the £200 which they kindly offered him. It is only neces sary to see Hanlan at his practice to see that he is an entirely exceptional sculler, and I never saw anything to compare with the smoothness and ease of his style. ' Looking down at him, as I did one day from Putney bridge, as he came up from Bat- tersea) I received the same impression of friction less strength and regularity as I have sometimes done , when watching a piece of machinery at work, and the way in which his boat is kept moving between the strokes, is a secret which no other man, excepting perhaps in some degree Wallace Ross, seems able to master. It is well known that the ladies in more than one of the great cricketing families of England are almost as expert as the game as the gentlemen, and it would appear that rowing runs in families in the same way, as Hanlan has stated that his sister has his own marvellous knack of propelling a boat, and that he cannot hold his own in a race with her without exertion. If this be true, there is a lady living who can beat all the male sculling champions of England and Australia. Talking of great cricketing families, reminds me that W. G. Grace seems alive to the fact that there are batsmen coming from Australia, who may make him look to his laurels. He has, it is said, been training carefully during the winter for the coming season, and that he is in good form ha proved by scoring 144 in the first match in which he took part. It is true it was not a first- class match, but several well-known cricketers were taking part in it, and the performance so early in the season was good enough to prove that hand, eye, and wind were in good order. Others of our prominent cricketers have already given evidence that they retain their form, and this, coupled with the large share of success which has attended the efforts of the professional team now on their return from Australia, encourages us to hope that, at least in the representative matches, such as those against England, and against the Gentlemen and Players of England respectively, even 'the very powerful team of Australian cricketers just arrived will find foemen worthy of their steel. The colonial team have landed in good i health, and McDonnell has quite recovered from the sunstroke he contracted at Melbourne before ; he started. Selby and Ullyett, who have arrived by the overland route from Suez, in advance of the other members of our team, have contradicted an | ugly rumour which had somehow got about to the ; effect that, an attempt had been successfully made ?' to induce two of the members of the team to do their best, for a consideration, to lose one of the Australian matches, It is hoped now that the rumour was utterly without foundation and that our professional cricketers and keep clear of the reproach which attaches to too many professionals in other branches of sport, and which 30 years ago did much to bring cricket itself into dis- repute in England, and would very likely have been the ruin of the game had not the scandal assumed such alarming proportions as to lead to the banish- ment of bookmakers from the cricket field, and the abolition of matches for stakes. It is on record that in a single-wicket match at Lord's, a bowler on one side, and a batsman on the other, were both paid to lose. The result was that one would not bowl a straight ball, and the other would not hit in the end the straight ball, which the bowler was, of course, obliged sooner or later to deliver, took the wicket, This is not by any means the only instance in which buying players on one side was insufficient to secure the loss of a match. However, for many years cricket has been kept almost entirely free from the suspicion which must attach to any sport into which the element of gambling on tors, and the rumour referred to, unfounded though it may prove, has renewed the feeling of regret experienced here that betting, which did so much to disturb the harmony between English and colonial cricketers on the occasion of the visit of Lord Harris' team, should form so prominent a feature in connection with Australian cricket. Our amateur athletes are making vigorous efforts to prevent the suspicion of mercenary motives or pot-hunting arising in connection with their competition. The Amateur Athletic. Association live just given rise to considerable excitement and discussion by suspending a number of their members for competing at the same meeting with an athlete who was under suspension for an infringement of their rules as to competing for money prizes and the Bicycle U Son have decided to recommend all clubs connected with the union to limit the value of their. prizes to five guineas. The limit named by the Amateur Athletic Association is 10 guineas. Our amateur runners were beaten last year by the American champion, Myers, at distances from a quarter of a mile to a mile ; but we have a l.'Ug.distauco runner in W, G. George, who, we think, it would be hard for the American or any one else to beat for four miles and upwards. Last Monday, the 1st May, at the More try Harriers' sports, he cut all previous amateur records for 10 miles, by doing the distance in 2min. 50 2-5sec. George was out of health last season, and therefore did not meet Myers. I think, however, there is little doubt that Myora would have beaten him up to a mile, as between that and a quarter he was almost as great a phenomenon in his way as Hanlan, and, like Hanlan, he was remarkable for the ease and grace of his style, I saw Myora win his first race in England against Phillips, Baker, and others of our best men, and he made ' them all appear to be labouring heavily by contrast with his light, springy style of going, one marked difference in his running being that he held his hands by his sides, quite low, The Americans beat us last year with the, horses as well as their running champion, and at one time, when the American colt Gerad was favourite for the 2,000 guineas, it appeared as though they were going to do it this year ; but it is, now matter of history that Gerald, after being knocked about a good deal in the market for a day or two, was struck out of the 2,000 guineas within an hour and a half of the race. His owner and trainer incurred considerable odium by not striking him out earlier, as a lot of the public money went on the horse after it must have been known by those connected with him that he was amiss, The Jockey Club have this year raised the weights for the "classic" races 4lb., making the weight for colts 9st. and that for fillies 8st. 8lb., so that Shotover 7000 is, to a certain extent, remarkable as the first of the races run under the increased weights. It is not improbable that before very long they will follow suit by raising the minimum weights in handicaps from the fist. 7th, at which it now stands. This would be a step towards the attainment of the ostensible object of our horse-racing, i o., the iinprnvomontof our breed of horses, which the increase in the number of our short-distance races, and the chance of winning handicaps with light- weighted screws, do not tend to advance. In the billiard world things have been very quiet here since John Roberts, jun , proved himself the undoubted champion by giving Cook 500 in 5,000, and beating him easily; but we are now promised a little excitement as Mitchell, who is a marvellous spot stroke player, has challenged Cook to play 5,000 level. Mitchell can generally be warranted to make at least one break of 200 in 1,000, and I have now before me the account of a match played on the 3rd inst., in which he gave a player named Hardy 400 start in 1,000, and beat him by 299 points, In this game Mitchell, by aid of the spot stroke, made one break of 237 and another of 272, and in addition to this proved that he has been practising the all-round game by making an all- round break of 08, and a break of 40 in which there were 10 beautifully played nursery cannons, It is understood that Roberts is finding the money for Mitchell in his match against Cook, and his wonderful precision at the spot must give him a good chance, though Cook is hardly less certain at the spot, and his all-round play is decidedly more masterly. ___^_______^__ j 