NEW SOUTH WALES MEMS. 1225oz. of Mount Browne goldhaveMeft Wileannia. Sir John Robertson's laws have had 21 yeara life. 1 Brisbane people are complaining loudly of the quality of their water. New South Wales sends five parties out to observe the transit of Venus. A publican's life was attempted and the police fired upon in a row at Farramatta. Mr. Charles Solomon, Mayor of Cooma, has been appointed returning- officer for Manaro. Prospects from the Deep Lead, Mary River, Grmpie, have washed over 2dwt. to the dish. farmers in Yasa expect to have better wheat Crops than they have had for five years past. The Diamond expended about 1000 tons of Jwwder in firing salutes upon, her island trip. The Dubbo Pastures and Stock Protection Board has paid for 176,000 marsupials scalps. The Royal Hotel, Sydney, is, it is said, to be pulled down to make room for a splendid new hotel. Sir William Jervois, Governor of South Australia, has accepted the'Governorship of $fow Zealand. Mr. E. Ktllen has struck splendid water at a iepth of fourteen feet from the surface on tfeeiEast Paroo. Warren people say they could pay a doctor /TOO a year, but cannot persuade one to sit down with them. Tte Government marine surveyor of New South Wales BayB modern ships are not so safe as antiquated ships. A surveyor and staff have begun to survey the proposed railway route between Armidale and Trial Bay. Governor Des Ymux ha6 fined the Samoans £100 for their last outrage. One step higher than pigs and cocoanuts. One thousand tons of cargo have been saved out of the wreck of the steamer Gulf of Finland up to the present time. A " clean bill" at Qaeanbeyan Quarter Sessions on Saturday. His Honor presented with the time-honoured white kids. Great excitement in Newcastle over the discovery of the Stockton coal seam. It is 14 feet thick and close to deep water. The following was picked up near a public school:—" please exques halfread for lingin late i had to send him a measage." " Nosey Bob," the hangman, had the coach to Uralla all to himself last week. The other passengers refused to travel with him. The Graftonites think that the action of the Governments refusing to resign, was prompted by a regard for the " loaves and fishes." Murdoch, the captain ot the Australian Eleven, will at the finish of the tour, resume his practice as a solicitor in Cootamuudra. Surprise is expressed that M'Guan, who was hanged last week, was not allowed time to speak. He made no confession to the priests. The Commercial Bank at Goulburn has stopped the Corporation overdraft. People eay it was absurd. Perhaps it was necessary. The Australian team will play their first match in Australia against 15 of South Australia, ot Adelaide, on December 8, 9,11, and 12. One of the Cingalese recently imported for work at Bundaberg has elected to go to gaol for three mouths rather than fulfil his contract. New South Wales flour is worth £15 per ton, New Zealand £9. Yet people in New Zealand get good bread made from their own fiour. During 1880 and 1881 Mr. Reld charges the Government with offering million acres more land than the squatters could possibly swallow. The Rev. Dr. Stephenson, a distinguished English Wesleyan minister, who has been making a tour of the colonies, is now paying a visit to Sydney. According to the Newcastle Herald, a monster iguana, 15 feet long, was killed in the poultry yard of the Royal Exchange Hotel, Granville, last week. Dr. Parry regrets that he cannot accept the Bishopric of Sydney. He does not feel called upon to forsake all and follow more than he has power to realise. A measured area of scrub land on the Chinese plantation at Cairns gave three and a-half tons of dry sugar to the acre from 12 months' plant cane. A publican named Coulter was fined by the Gosford Bench £5, £5 15s costs, £4 for witnesses, and 6s. lOd. costs of court, for refusing to receive a traveller. Mr. Dalton, of Dalton Brothers, is likely to contest the Orange election. We may then have Irish Kings over two cities in Parliament —Young and Orange. John Dow, who was supposed to have been lost in the Queensland bush, has been found alive. He bad eaten the bush reptiles instead of letting them eat him. The Maeleay Herald states that the son of a resident there has achieved " great and deserved prosperity." He has been elected an aldermanoi Townsville! Another departure from the " cabbage garden." . Mr. H. R. Murray, well-known in Vic* torian aquatic circles, has decided to leave Melbourne end start as a boatbuilder in Sydmy. Mr. A. W. Sladen was bitten by a snake at Watson's Bay on Saturday. He sucked the wound and killed the snake. Dr. Beattie cured him by scarifying the flesh and injecting ammonia. Considerable reticence is shown by the authorities with regard to atrocities in the South Seas. It would be impossible to sound trumpets, and it would not be expedient to make confession. Mr. S. W. Griffith. M.L.A, has issued a writ for £100 damages against the Postmaster- General of Queensland, for detaining English letters on which plaintiff had refuse 1 to pay extra postage. A brief telegraphic record of the destruction of the Garden Palace by fire, on September 22 last, appeared in the London Mail (the evening issue of The Times), through Reuters Agency, the same ereuing. Mr. Des VOJUX, Governor of the Fiji Islands, cannot 6ee his way to advise the Government to assist in the introduction of Polynesian labor. He has probably seen too much of the island labor trade. At Wilcannia they haveanice machine which turns out a ton of solid ice in twenty-four hours. With so many licensed bouses and a brewery, icemaking at Albury should pay as well as most things. It is stated at Brookstown that there arc 20 acres of surface beneath which coal can be got at a depth of 20ft. The seam is said to be 1C feet thick, and Brookstown people naturally object to its being removed. Our own school teachers are not all honest. One case of falsifying school rolls has been proved. He was foolish as dishonest, that teacher—he pricked down a boy as present who was in bed -with a broken leg. The River Darling at BrewaTrina is now 7ft. having fallen 1ft., and as all hopes of the navigation of the river are abandoned the settlers and storekeepers will have to depend upon Sydney only for their supplies. The estimates include a proposed gratuity of £500 to Mrs. Dalton, wife of Mr. F. Dalton, P.M., of Forbes, who disappeared very mysteriously in November. 1880. Many people still cling to the belief that he is yet alive. The Montague-Turner Company take £400 for injuries by the Bathurst smash. Had they taken legal advice, the claim might have been increased by two more round O's—that is if the Bmash had occurred in Victoria. The " Wayze-goose," or annual picnic, given by the proprietors of the Sydney Morning Herald, Sydney Mail, and Echo, to their employcs^ took place at the Sir Joseph Banks Hotel, Botany Bay, on Saturday last. Mr. J. T. Mackelvie, of London, who has already presented several thousand pounds worth of works to the Auckland Museum, 1 purchased several art treasures at the Duke of Hamilton's sale, and has sentthem to Auckland. A wail comes from the back blocks. The "cheque-melting" shearers are dying out, and a more sturdy, independent, and sober class of men is replacing them. Forty rod whisky at the roadside shanties is therefore the discount. The Dubbo Dispatch quotes poetry over the Land Act, and speaks of the selector as a man with " The right to rear an independent shod And glvetbc lips he loved uubossomcd bread." « Unbossomed bread" is good ! The American ship Samaria arrived last week, 110 days from New York. A slow passage will probably be supplemented by a long detention in discharging cargo, and the Yankee captain who endured the calms will bless the lumpers. The arrangements for obtaining a visit to Tamworth from the Hon. Ivo Bligh's team have been brought to a successful issue, and a two days' match will be played on the racecourse on Monday and Tuesday the 11th and 12th December. Mr. Bruce Smith said at Cootamuudra the other night that the Licensing Act required amendment. He thinks the hotels should be allowed to stay open till midnight. It was impossible to make people sober by Act of Parliament. The "stinging-tree" of Queensland is a luxurious shrub, pleasing to the eye, but dangerous to the touch. It grows from 2in. or 3in. to 10ft. or 15ft. in height, and emits a disagreeable odour. It leaves no mark, but the sting is maddening. We (News) have every reason to believe that the cause of Sir James Martin's retirement from the Presidency of the Amsterdam Commission was the refusal of Sir Henry Parkes to entertain an important recommendation from the commission. The grasshoppers (says the 1Varandera Argus) are now to be seen in large numbers all over the town. During Tuesday and Wednesday, owing to the heavy rain, they remained quiet, but upon the re-appearance of the sun they resumed their progress gaily. Australia has turned out something else besides a crack cricketing eleven. It is not generally known that all the members of the Emelie Melville Opera Company, with the exception of Miss Melville and Mr. Casselli, are Australians—for the most part Victorians. We are glad to hear that the proposal to establish a Home and Training School in Sydney for nurses for the sick, has received such warm support that the committee have felt justified in advertising for a matron, and I taking immediate steps to hire a suitable • house. When in San Francisco Sir Henry Parkes had several interviews with Mr. A. S. Hallidie, the inventor of wire rope tramways, which have been such a great success in that city. Models of the tramway machines and carriages for the New South Wales Government have been received. It is a singular fact (says the Freeman's Journal, New Zealand) that girls who would be shocked to have a young man place his arm about them when walking, consider the act perfectly harmless when set to the music of a waltz. You cannot change immodesty by setting it to music. The Patent Portable Gas Company, carrying on business in York-street, Sydney, was last week, at the Central Police Court, fined £35 for having 900 gallons of gasoline stored on tbeir premises, being no less than 700 gallons in excess of the quantity permitted by law, and this 700 gallons was ordered to be forfeited. An exchange remarks :—" The Hon. W. J. Clarke has purchased Cobran Statioo, Hiverina, for £300,000. Five years ago Dr. Telford purchased the property for £250,000, which was considered a long price. The estate consists of 144,725 acres of freehold land, 50,000 acres of Crown land, 80,000 sheep, 278 cattle, and 117 horses. The Art Society of New South Wales has published a capital engraving of Mr. Arthur Collingridge's prize picture, "Her Majesty's Mail Stuck-up." The picture itself represents a mailman stopping at a river, which is generally a mere rivulet, but which now, swollen by rain, is a furious torrent overflowing its banks. Among the shipments to Sydney by the last mail steamship from San Francisco were a considerable quantity of prime apples, most of which arrived in excellent condition. Each one was enclosed in a separate paper, and great care had been taken in picking them. The fruit found a ready market in the colony at from 3s. to 4s. per dozen. The man Jamiesori " alias Thunderbolt" who tried to shoot a policeman in Sydney some weeks ago, has been sentenced to 20 years* imprisonment. On previous occasions he has been sentenced to death, to 10 years, and to 15 years' imprisonment. The death sentence was commuted to imprisonment for life, and now he has 20 years beyond that limit to serve. In reply to representations made by Mr. Henry Hallorau, C.M.G., on the subject of the registration of inventions in this colony, the Department of justice has intimated to that gentleman that it is the intention of the Attorney-General to introduce a bill to provide for the provisional registration of inventions. The communication in question is dated the 13th ult. A correspondent has lately received a letter from India, in which the writer says :— have an idea of the kind of life you lead in MI Australia, for I have just been reading a book on the colony of Queensland." Further on the writer, evidently wishing to dispel any suspicions of geographical ignorance, exclaims —" Of course I know Queensland is not in Australia." Two appointments have been made by the British Government which have special interest for the Australian colonies. One is the appointment of his Royal Highness the Duke of Edinburgh to the command of the British fleet on the China station; the other is the appointment of Sir W. Robinson, Governor of Western Australia, to the Governorship of South Australia. Eight large centrifugal pumps of great power, capable of pumpiug 30,000 gallons a minute, have already been sent from Melbourne to Sydney to be used in raising the Austral. The same firm arc now engaged in manufacturing two more to use in the same work. Shortly after the news of the accident reached Melbourne, Robinson Brothers and Co. offered to raise the vessel for £12,000. Listen! Twenty years ago a Woolloomooloo , man had the option of buying either fifty acres of land in Wollahra, or a boat at Circular Quay, for the enormous sum of 12. He bought the boat, and it was sunk and lost on its second trip. To-day the land in question is worth £15 a foot, and that man is scooting around, asking all he meets if they really think there is a purgatory for suicides. The bachelors of Yarrabee and Goree stations held tbeir first ball at Mr. M'Gaffrey'a selection on Friday, 17th ult., which proved a grand success. A large number of ladies were present and some admirable dresses were worn. The dancing was kept up until a late hour in the morning, when all returned to their homes fully satisfied with their night's amusement, which will long be remembered by those who were present. The wool clip in Queensland is spoken of as being very good. In consequence of the mildness of the past winter (says the Queerulander), this season's clip promises to be one of the heaviest in the history of the colony, and the condition exceptionally good. We have heard of an entire flock on the Downs yielding an average of Clb. 14oz. of clean greasy wool, minus "dags," while only ten and a half months' growth. The Government tank on the Louth road 20 miles from Cobar, near Buckwarron station, has been filled by the first rain since it was made, to the surprise of residents there. At a public meeting last week it was decided that water could not possibly get into this tnnV, as : it was stated it would have to run up-hill to 1 do o. Public meetings do go wrong some- I times, or other-wise the surveyor must be one of the prophets. Mr. Stephen White informs us (Times) that the devastation made by caterpillars and pasahoppere at Merribindinyah is something incredible. In two days his vegetable and fruit gardens were denuded of every vestige of green leaf. From our exchanges we learn that the grasshoppers are now to be seen in myriads on the plains within a short distance of Narandera, and are carrying on their work of devastation in their usual systematic manner. A shocking criminal assault was committed at Warra, in Queensland, upon a half-caste Christian girl named Beatrice Turner, 12 years of age. The offence was committed in the most savage manner, and the girl was nearly killed, her clothes being literally steeped in blood. The police have arrested' two men in the township of Warra, one as the principal in the offence, and the other for aiding and abetting him. The girl positively identified the prisoners. A somewhat peculiar epidemic, the cause of which would probably prove interesting to naturalists, amongst the local pigs, has Seen reported to us (Narandera Argus). It is stated that the animals retire to rest in apparently the best of health and spirits, with certainly unimpaired appetites, and upon the following morning are found to have yielded up the porcine ghost. The general assumption was poison, but against this 'we have the equally general—but unfortunately erroneous—opinion that pigs arc poison-proof. One of the divers employed at the Austral created some surprise by coming up feet foremost. It seemed that his boots got wedged in amongst some of the fittings of the Austral, and that in order to retire from the undesirable position he had sacrifice his boots. The boots, helmet, and other parts of the equipment of a diver are of considerable weight, and as this diver bad lost his " ballast," he had no alternative but to come up in the undignified manner described. An ascension of that kind is, however, much to be preferred to the loss of one's life. Another of our transit of Yenus parties left Sydney last week per Steamer Ne Oblie, for Port Macquarie. The observers are Mr. G, D. Hirst and Mr. W. J. MacDonnell, well known for their astronomical work and experience at the transit of Yenus |in 1874 and since, The instruments are by the well-known makers Alnan Clark of America, and W. Wray of London. The top of a hill near Port Macquarie, commanding a magnificent view over the sea, has been chosen as a site for their operations, and they only need a fine morning to enable them to give a satisfactory account of the egress of Yenus. With respect to the Austral disaster, the coroner's jury at first returned a verdict that the deaths of the five men drowned had been caused by the sinking of the ship, this being itself caused by the gross negligence of the captain and officers; hut as the coroner pointed out this would have been a verdict of manslaughter it was withdrawn, and. after three hours and a half longer consultation another verdict was returned to the effect that the captain, chief officer, chief engineer, and caii penter had committed grave errors of judgement in not taking better precautions tor the safety of the ship. A sad case occurred at North Goulburn on Friday (says the Herald), at the house of Henry Aldridge, a laborer. Aldridge went to his work, leaving his wife and infant son all well; but some time afterwards be was sent for, and on returning found the child, which was about seven months old, lying dead, with a handkerchief twisted round his neck. His wife asked his pardon for what she had done, whence the inference is that she had strangled the child. The unfortunate woman is of middle age and delicate constitution; has subsequent to the birth of others of her children been subject to fis of derangement, and been twice an inmate of an asylum. She ordinarily appeared very fond of the child. The final heat in the second contest for the Krug Champagne Trophy was rowed on Saturday afternoon, and resulted in one of the finest races ever witnessed on the Parramatta River. The course was from Charity Point to The Brothers, the competitors being C. Wt Gaden, S.R.C.; G. W. Brett, M.R.C.; A Sharland, Tasmania; J. Arthur, S.R.C. Garden won as he liked, passing the winning post in 26m. 21s. four lengths ahead of Brett, who was about eight lengths ahead of Sutherland. A race also took place on Saturday afternoon between Edward Trickett and William Clifford in waterman's skiffs over the champion course for £100 a side. Trickett started as favourite at 6 to 4 Clifford, who hails from the Illawarra district, and possesses a fine physique, won by several lengths. At the time the subject of the Albury water supply was under discussion in the Council, this journal was at some pains to show that the cost of the works might have been materially lessened if the Council had undertaken the work itself instead of shunting the responsibility on the shoulders of the Government. As an example of the saving effected in the manner suggested, we quote the. following addressed by a Hay correspondent to a.Sydney journal:—" People up here had the impression that Hay had the most economical system of water supply in New South Walesj and it certainly is the most efficient. But it is sot a Government work, mind, and it cost only liuhr dreds in place of the thousands usually estimated. Well, the corporation of Hay desired, to extend the work and to borrow money cheaply for the purpose, but Mr. Moriarty, the famous water-supply man of Sydney, and chief adviser of the Government in that partment, is dead against their scheme. There's not enough of it for him. This great engineer goes in lor works of the monumental kind, it seems-—Buch as that of the Nepean, which was to be in Sydney two years after commencing, and is likely to come in the street by-and-bye. And BO the Hayites are likely to be baulked for a time if this oracle continues to have things his way. I send you report of the correspondence and proceedings, and feel assured a suggestion would be welcome." 