A MODEL FATHER. BY DAVID CHRISTIE MURRAY, Author of 'A Life's Atonement,' 'Joseph's Coat,' &c.; [Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved. ] Chapter VI. Whilst Mr. Montgomery Bassett sat think ing beside the fire the servant brought in two letters bearing a crest he knew. He did not need to open the one addressed to himself to know its contents, but he cut open the envelope, and after glancing at the card it held stuck it between the pier-glass and its frame. Mr. Dexter requested the pleasure of Mr. Montgomery Bassett's company on Friday evening next. Mr. Dexter was at the very heart of artistic and theatrical society in iionaon. .remaps someooay Knew why, or could have given a guess as to how he came there. It was enough for most people that he was there, and it was the correct thing to go to Dexter's, and every body who was anybody in the stage world, or the critical world, or the painting or tbe musical worlds, might be met there at odd times. Young Weatherley, who worshipped all the lions who roared there, and revered aa actor as Goethe revered a sage, was the proudest man in London when Mr. Bassett nad first taken him to Dexter's. The actor, after looking at the card awhile, turned to the table and wrote a note to his dear Dexter, requesting that he would be good enough to send an invitation to Mr. Weather ley, his dear friend, whom Dexter knew already. He promised his own presence, and was Dexter's very truly. Then, having brushed bis speekiess, glossy broadcloth, aad his shining hat, and having drawn on with great care nis brand-new gloves, he left the house, and, posting his letter by the way, walked down to the Cannibals. In the Strand he ran full against Jack Cameron, who looked him in the face and cut him dead. That was natural enough, but Mr. Bassett felt that it displayed a certain littleness of nature, a want of magnanimity, which he said he was very sorry to observe. For his part he hated Jack like poison, as was also natural, but he was prepared to conduct himself towards him after the fashion recognised by gentlemen. The wolf was not the first nor the last logician of hatred to make the stream run backward as an excuse for his own rage, and Mont gomery Bassett was conscious of a deep seated distrust of Cameron as a man of honor. Cameron was a thorough-paced scoundrel by this time. A real liar is the most amazing creature in the world. He lies and knovra that he lies, and he believes himself. At this stage had the great tragedian arrived, but he Viras willing to show his own noble nature and to hide all outward sign of his feelings towards the man who had injured him. Curious, isn't it? Jack's name was off the Cannibals' book long since, and that fact was not without comfort for Bassett, who, in spite of his readi ness to forgive, had no passionate longiag to meet his enemy. But if the name of Cameron was gone tbe name of Weatherley replaced it, and in the book devoted to the proposition ot new members Bassett's ponderous signature (which was written with a broad quill, and took half an hour to dry) followed it as that of nominator. Mr. Weatherley, attired in great splendor, sat at one of the tables turning over the papers and magazines with a discontented air when Bassett entered. His face cleared as he arose to shake hands, but clouded again a little as he resumed his seat. 'I say, Bassett,' he began, leaning his head close to that of the great tragedian, 'don't you think I've dangled about long enough? You keep on talking about pa tience, but there are circumstances under which patience isn't easy ; now, aren't there, Bassett ?' 'Dear boy,' said Bassett, in a rumbling murmur, intended for a whisper, 'I hare made a most marked and distinct advance ia your favor to-day. The cause is moving, dear boy — the cause is moving.' 'I hope it is,' said Weatherley, doubtfully feeling for a bit of -whisker and finding none. ' I'm getting a bit downhearted about it ; but that's no use, is it, Bassett?' ' Not a bit, dear boy,' said the other, 'not a bit. By the way, I got a card for one of Dexter's Fridays this afternoon. Mary re ceived one also, and I have just dropped a line to Dexter asking him to send one to a friend of mine— Mr. George Weathcrly, at the Albany. Now I think it is very probable that you may find jrour opportunity that evening. It may prove to ba a favorable time. Don't call in the meantime. I soafl be a little late, of course, but Mary will be pretty early. God bless you, d. ar boy. One word. Don't say anything decisive until you see me. Good- bye, dear boy, aud God bless you.' Five minutes later Mr. Weatherley was in the Strand, M'alkiag with a pensive coun tenance. As he walked his lips moved, aud though 'the murmurs which escaped him were inaudible to the passers by, it may be guessed that he was practising a form of declaration. The hours between them and the fateful Friday fled with leaden wing, but the night came at last, and Mr. Weatheriey was amongst the first to arrive at Dextsr's halls. He -wandered disconsolate out of one room into the other, nervously pulling his gloves off and on, and furtively surveying himself in mirrors, un-at-home amidst the crovvd of artists and journalists who elbowed him. There were ladies there upon whose trains his inadvertent feet seemed doomed to ti-e^i, and he had just apologised to one o£ them for the third time when the host came by with otieii hands to greet- a newly-arrived party of roar. 'Miss Leverett. delighted. Lsverett, my boy, delighted. 'Cassidy, how arc you? Cameron, whe-re have you been hiding voar self?' Mr. Weatherley turned and beheld within six feet of him the man he had List soeu at Oalicahain in tilt- aciof kisr=ins Mary Ua-isett. Kow, Jack did not know Sir. W'oatiiei-ley from Adara. and received his iadignaut and withering stare with some astonishment, iir. Weatherley, having put up an eye-glass wirh intent to ' make his glance more deadly, measured Jack slowly from head to foot, aad tun. ing round upon his heel trod a f.jarih time upon the fated lady's train, and bruied digrity and loathing iu the dust of abject cpology. In spite of her father s promise Mary came late — so late, indeed, tiiac she arrived but some ten minutes before fchu great tiMgeuiuB hirnself, when Mr. Wcathsrley was almost driven to desperation by the agony of waiting and the knowledge ot the presence of his Mhilom rival. ' There's one young person here,'' eaid Jack to Cassidy, as they stood aside, *'wiio seems to be a little cracked. H-; favored me v,vkh a look from head to heel just now, and turned away with a grunt of iueifabie disdain. Tuat's the fellow, with the eye-glass, the fellow nest to Leverett, on the right.' 'Bedad,' said Cassidy, ''tis young VTca therley, of Oaktuh&fti.;' Jack's face darkened, and he surveyed the young fellow moodily. It wai likely e.in:jrh that tbe youngster know him and hi-il hcii-J cf his o)d suit. \Va-i it possible that. 3.iisj't and his daughter were expected'; T\j.f vouid account for the young mm'* pi-jaeu^c, ;*.±-.l his scowl of defiance. Cameron's heart b* jvn to beat quickly, and the old wound be^&u; to ache. It ached always, but now there was a eudden leap of paitL Cajsidy was talking, but he heard nothing until within six feet of him a voice said clearly and Sflftly — ' Good evening, Mr. Weatherisy,' The rooms were wellfilleu by this time, and there was a subdued roar of talking going o:7, but just at that instant almost everybody hai ; gone riJent. The silence lasted scarcely m-Jre I than a. second, and the clear, soft voice jms fitted into it. Jack turned, and thers stood Mary with her face sideways to him, locking radiant. A little more spiritual than she iiad used to be, less saucy and mirthful, but bright and something more than cheerful. She waa beautifully dressed, and the discarded lover, looking at her, thought she had never locked so charming. There were none of the traces of the many tears she had shed to be seen upon her face, there were no signs of tae heartbreak she had endured — nothing1 to speak from her to him, and to tell him how vilely be had been abused. He was haggard and gloomy, and unlike himself of little more than half a year ago, and he knew it. Good natured friends reminded him of it more thaa often enough. Well, if he had thought of seeing her again he had not expected to find her changed. Why should she be? A heart eo shallow and hollow— what could it feel? She had vowed she loved him, she had let him take her in his arms and look into her eyes — they looked as clear as day, and as honest as the sun— and with his kisses on her lips she bad thrown Mm over. And he — he had learned his lesson, and knew of what stuff women's hearts were made. All this took little time to think aud feel, and it was all thought and felt whilst Mi-. Weatherley bashfully, and with an embar rassed gesture, shook hands with Mary Bassett. But that young gentleman, being conscious of Cameron's presence and his fixed regard, could not keep his eyes from straying in his direction, and his glance took Mary's with it. The two estranged lovers, who had loved so dearly and had suffered so for each other, stood face to face. There was a bitter smile on Jack's lips, and such a disdain iii his eyes as a woman who had been false to him would have found it hard to bear. The blood forsook the girl's cheeks and she trembled, but she drew her slight figure to its full height, and replied to his cynical glance by one as contemptuous and as cold. They stood thus only for a second or two, but it seemed a long time afterwards when each came to think of it. Then a change came over Jack's face, which nuzzled and haunted the sirl for many and many a day. The new look meant pity and reproach — pity as profound as a mother's over a sick child ; reproach as keen as loyalty's looking on dishonor. She read these as plainly aa she might have done in a printed page, and she saw tho swift glint of teats in his eyes as he turned away. What right had he — he — to look at her like that 1 But for that strange momentary encounter Mr. Weatherley would have got rid o£ his declaration that evening, and the girl would have said yes — not for Els sake, but to please her father. That broad bint of his about the wearing of the willow had stung her, too. Sut the young wooer felt disconcerted and j missed his chance. Indeed, the chance had ] gone in spite of him, for the girl's mind and heart were full of thememoryof her old lover's look, and she traced over and over again ia it, contempt, reproach, pity. Had they wronged i him after all ? WroBgedhim? From the night when he had won her promise to be his wife I he had deserted her, and she had heard no ] word of him, except the story her father i brought her. And his own silence proved that true. She knew him for the contemptible thing he was, she told herself a thousand times. Yet every time, as if in silent denial of all accusations, his face rose up before her with its changing glance — contempt, reproach, and pity. She cried herself to sleep that night, and in her dreams he kissed her, and she heard him say, so clearly that the voice awoke her to the comfortless winter dawn — 'Dear eyes ! they shall never shed another tear if I can help it.' And the truth of the day was back again, and he was false. Chapter VII. ' Dear boy,' said Mr. Bassett, sitting in young Weatherley's chambers at the Albany, ' you missed a chance last night.' Young Weatherley was gloomy and inclined to be silent, and he answered only by a dismal shake of the head. ' I had carefully prepared her for a dis closure of your feelings,' resumed the trage dian, 'and, had you spoken, you would have received an affirmative answer. I trust you do not intend me to understand that you have fallen off in your pursuit.' ' How, Bassett, it isn't fair to say that to me,' cried young Weatherley. 'It iaux really, Bassett. If you'd have seen ths way they looked at each other ? . We'd oaiy just shaken hands that minute whsn she saw him. I only wish it was possible to call a fellow out — don't you, Bassett? Hang him, the scoundrel; you'd have thought, to see the way he looked at her, that she'd been the one to behave badly. &'s a bigger fellow than I am, but if it hadn't been for the fear of making a disturbance ia public I'd have kicked him, if he'd been as big as St. Paul's. By gad, I would, Bassett !' Mr. Weatherley looked and felt exceedingly warlike. 'Was Mary very much disturbed, dear boy :' asked the tragedian. 'Disturbed!' cried young Weatherley. ' She went as white as a ghost, and I could see her tremble, but she looked at him like a queen, by gad, as much as to say, ' You damn rascal !' and she held her eyes on him till he turned away, by gad, like a dog. And that's what he is, by gad, a cur, a mean cur ; isn't he, Bassett ¥' The tragedian took his young friend by the hand, averting his face, and then strode to the window, where he drummed with agitated fingers on the board to show how moved he was. The youngster bsgan. to fidget about the room, taking up books and laying them down again, standing to inspect with unobservant eye the drawings on. the wall, walking rapidly into corners without object, and giving other evidences of a dis turbed mind. The actor held his tongue, and in a little time Mr. Weatherley's excitement of spirit boiled over into speech. ' Look here, Basssett,' said the hid, advancing to him witii a pale and disordered countenance. ' l can't stand it any longer. It's wearing me to a shadow, by George it is. I can't eat aad I can't sieep, and if I so to a theatre, I feel, by gad, like a mute at a funeral, upon my word I do. You don't mind waiting here, do you, Bassett? You can make yourself comfortable for a couple of hours, can't you? And I'll take a cab, aud I'll drive up ta Bloom3bury square, and I'll have it over.' 'Dear boy,' said Mr. Baasett, sa iking Uands anew, ' I do petition all the gods for thy prosperity.' After that interview with liis daughter Air. Bassett felt tolerably sure of her acceptance of young Weatherley's hand. There is nothing in the world so open to conviction as a man's own conscience, aud the firot re morses were over and doue with. Jack Cameron had behaved very ill, and he, Mont gomery Bassett, had been somehow or other deeply wronged, and the resentment natural to the circumstances kept him warm. Mary was EOt ill any longer, and her sufferings, though sharp, had been, brief (or at least he was willing to think so), aud now she would be a great deal better otf than she coold ever have hoped to be but for the benevoicac prac tices of her father. So that altogether he experienced a glow of self -approval, and felt himself a -watchfuland tender guardian of his child's best interests. He sat alone in young Weatheriey's luxu rious sitting-room, and devoted himself mode rately, since he had his evening's work before biin, tu young Weatheriey's whUky, wiiiah was old and ripe and mellow and smoked his cigars, -which, like everything else the yosmg fellow had, were of the best. He hai put the case plainly and forcibly to his daughter, and she would say 'Yes' io the wealthy wooer's profiler, and her poor old father's ?worldly troubles would ail be over. Tae poor old father, with, his glass in his hand and a cigar between his lips, looked round the room vith a glance of approval. He faacied it ais own, and surveyed it already with the pleased eye of a proprietor. George would not want bachelor chambers when he was iaarried, au-i this would make a snug little place eaougii for his father-in-law. Mr. Uassett would arrange tbat. A man in Weatheriey's posi tion couid not afford to have a poor fatherin law ; and £500 a year, which would ba ample provision for Mr. .Bassett's retirement, would be but a fleabite from the young fellow's for tune. Mr. liassett would arrange that al-;o. Once or twice he mended and stirred the fire, aud tbe afternoon won already growiaij dark before tae owner of the rooms returned. The tragedian heard the latcukey at the deor, and a second or two ia^er NVeabheriey entered. ' Well, dear boy, said Mr. Bassefct, ia his ! richest and most ponderous toaus, 'a.!a I to congratulate you !!' Young Yir-?atherley returned no auswar, but sat down with his hat o;;. An a-.rt'ul doubt began to rise in tiic tragedian's heart. '? 'What is this, dear boy?' he asked. Vs as ilary away from hoaie for the after noon? Had the courtier's courage failed him ? Anythiiig rather than the real ques tion. ' She's thrown me over, said young Wea- \ thei ley, with sou:etniiig very Use a sob. ] ' Refused you 1' cried Bassett. j ' She was verj kind an-t ni-e ami all th*^'1 said tbe j canister trjurulo.isly, ' batsae s*^ slie'H Lever iiia.rry. Sue heard cverytVkiav i had to say, and theu she said ' ixo.7 Ta«y s»y Eussia's goujg to war duvuUy, h-i-I by Gecrge, Fl* g - out and fi^nt for tnr Tu^i* and get shot, uy gaci 'i His voice quivcreu pitiably Mid there .vero tears ia his eyes. lia^sott, ?mo.uL seo tuciu sparkle daiklj bj tue iireaglic. Uii o-vii heart was dead ^-it?'m hr.u ' I— I can't uuderiiiu'iii at all, dear b-y '' he 'stammered. ' If s plain enough,' said young Weather-' ley, with a catch in his voice. 'She can't forget that fellow, though she hates him, and she'll never care to look at another fellow. That's what she said, ' I shall never marry.' ' The tragedian's distress was as profounl as that of the rejected lover. All his visions crumbled, and he stood amidst their ruins in dismay. 'Girls arenoftto be had for oue asking, dear boy,' he said, after an agitated pause. during which he nad striven to ge: tha letter of these feai's. ' You were too soon dismayed.' 'No,' said young Weatherley hopelessly, 'I know better than that, Bassett. Sae doesn't care about me, aud the money ba.3n'fc any weight with her, and, by gad, I honor her i for that, upon my word I di?. ' I can't help believing, sascl jMr. Bassatt, 'that your cause is not yet lot*, dear boy. Pluck up heart of grace, and I will speak to her this evening. When last I spoke to her — it was the first and last and only time — aha left me under the impression that -Hie thing; was settled in your favor.' Mr. Weatherley took off his hat and unaf fectedly wiped his eyes, making no r-Jspouse to his companion. 'You don't resign the chase, dear boy?' eaid isassett, trying to speak iu a tons of badinage. ' She said ' No,' and she msant it,' au £-wered Weatherley. 'That's enough for me.' ' Don't despair, dear boy,' cried the actor, recovering a little hope and courage. ' Girls do not always know their minds. I have never pretended to disguise my feelings in respect: to the honor you proposed to do my daughter and myself.- 1 think, as I have always thought, that the match would be a most fortunate and. a most advantageous one for her, and I am now more assured than ever of your regard, and more convinced than ever that if you cculd secure her consent you would make her happy. At present she is not happy, aad, as sweet Will says, dear boy, 'She is ail ths daughters of her father's house, and all the brothers ton,' and I am anxious for Her wel fare. I will speak to her, dear boy. She will listen to her father.' '?I don't tiiink it's of any use, Bassett,' said the rejected lover, wiping his eyes ag- iiu ; ' and if she's unhappy already, I don'c want to have her bothered about me.' 'God forbid,' said Mr. Bassett, piously, ' that I should nress mv child ur-on a lake warm lover ! But this I know — she was nefc so retolved when last we spake together.' Even at tliis pass a rounded, weil-mbuthed quotation was like meat and drink to him, and he rolled the words out royally. 'No,' said young Weatherley, with nioara- ful protestation, 'you can't say I've been lukewarm, now can you, Bassett?' ' You seem a little so now, dear boy,' re turned the tragedian. 'Shall I sueak for youf' 'Do you think it's any good?' asked the rejected lover. ' Dear boy,' said Mr. Bassett, warming as he spoke, and beginning to feel half coafideat of success. 'The gyurl is coy. She has expe rienced a severe shock. She has had her first lesson in the untrustwortbiuess of the world, and she is not willing for a time to believe in anything. But, thank heaven, she has not yet lost faith in tier poor old father.' Even young Weatherley began to think there might be something in it, aad to feel the -warmth of hope again. ' It isn't as if we were asking her to do any thing to make herself unhappy, isit. Bassettf1 the lad demanded. 'Im sure Til try to make her bappy. There's nothing a woman's heart can wish for that she shan't have. She's only got to ask for it and she shall have it.' ' We are signally united,' said Mr. Bassefct, seeing his way to something to his own advan tage here. 'We are signally united, my little gyurl and I. The greatest difiioulty £ shall experience, dear boy, will be in per suading her to part from her unworthy father. It is chiefly for my sake, as I am well per suaded, that she has refused your offer. Saa fears to leave the old man lonely.' ' You could come down and see us, you know, Bassett, couldn't you?' said young ? Weatheriey, rather miserably, as if he cared little for the prospect. ' Yes, yes, dear boy,' replied the tragedian. ' But would that content her ?' ' Well, by gad, Bassett,' cried the other, with an evident reluctance pulling at the? skirts of eagerness, 'so far as that goes, you know, if she won't have me without it, yo« might come and stay with us, mightn't you now ? Just to begin with, you know.' '? Exactly, dear boy,' said Mr. Montgomery Bassett 'Just to begin with. Exactly.' But in fancy's eye he saw himself settled for life in that iiaccfcsome mansion of warm brown stone in which he had onoe tasted of Mr. Weatherley's hospitality. The old oak, th» liquidly lustrous mahogany, the soft, receptive carpets, the rith hangings — hs walked or lolled amocg these splendors as if they were all his own. Perhaxw use earlier vision o£ that afternoon might come true Inter on, and the admirably appointed room he stood in might one day be his own. He began to feel under the influence of tkesc hoxias, (hat. his wandering life had left him a little bat tered ; that he was not so young as he had been ; that it was time to retire from the stage in the full blaze of fame, aad tu make room for a younger man. And all these ad vantages, to Ms energetic imagination, became so real that lie actually appropriated them, and felt that they belonged to him already. Mary would never refuseaprospect which looked so, rose-colored. It was lovely and enviable im him, and the natural conclusion was that it would be lovely and enviable to her also. The case he had to lay before her looked irresis tible, and he was almost easy and happy in bis mind again. It was too late at this hour to find time t« plead with bis daughter before his duties began at the theatre, and perhaps it might be as well to allow her a little rest. 'You shall hear from me, dear boy, to morrow,' he said, as he shook hands after gome further talk. Mr. Weatherley was a. little cheered, but being left alone became once more despondent, and held but a poor view of bis chances. ' I ain't worthy of her,' said the young gen tleman, despondently. ' I know I ain't ; and even if she marries me, she'll do it becaus her father persuades her, and not because sh_ cares for me.' He was not the wisest ot' '/ raaaikind. and there may have been men in die world who knew more loftily how tolov a woman, but that reflection was unpleasant! . bitter, none the leas, though he would hai - taken her, if she had accepted him, on au.. grounds whatever. But -whilst young Weatheriey endured t'-- - pains natural to his circumstances, Mr. B i - sett took hi-3 evening chop aud his glass «;'~ Burgundy in mental comfort. Mary nad n ? - ?weighed the matter, or some tiling in the las; - wooing had jarred upon her, or she ? was o , of sorts, perhaps. There were a. thousa t , reasons to be had in explanation of ii - conduci, for the mere trouble of stretchiag i- . & band for them. As for the nousensi-o - supposition that n\ie had thrown away fiv - aiid-twenty thousand pounds a year — he ha- 1: repeated those figures so often that he kae-v them to be true — Bassett refused to eaterfca; - it. Tbe very wine he drank repudiated th = absurdity, and protested in his veins againr it. He dined that nighfc at an old-fa?hiose ; Fleet- struct tavern, where ha kaew the vrir. . and where the -waiter knew him, aad ga - him of t'ne bsst. That generous burgan . was kept for the old stagers, aad no n- ? arrival at the house would ever ta=te it. IL ? finished his bottle, lit his cigar, drank ii. - one glass cf -whisky and water, aad dcaiand^ . his bilJ. ' What of the night, John?' ' Snowing pretty heavy, sir,' said aacien - . Join!, 'but no chance of the sno%v lying, si=-. Streets '11 be_ full of slush, sir, that's al_ Thank you, sir. Good night., sir.' Mr. Bassett slowjy and luxuriously bui up his portly form in a big overcoat, au t drew on his furred gloves. He was ahno . due, but in easy time, aad with the witie au s. his own contentment warm witaia hia, 1: - marched comfortably through the night an v. the snow, aud, beiug arrived at his roou. .. dressed and awaited his call, above a secon i. glass of hot whisky and water. Toe pie--. was drawing crowds, and the house wa.* fairly filled in spite of the wretched weather. The emirciit tragedian scorned the play, aui had noue of that striding and muotermg t .«-. do between tb.e suohvjs or ia the parses ot h-s- own part which would have been en rdrjle in. legitimate Shakspearian business, and he hail therefore the more time to sifc beside his.. diessiii^-iooin stovo a,nd sip hot whisky and water. 'People talked of that growing habit of his already, ar.d though, it nad never yet betrayed him in his business, h& trenched narrowly at times upoa a dangerou.3 excess. To- night, what with the cold airs on the great, draughty stage, and tbe length, of time his duties left him free, and the caoerf ul visions he indulged and saw tfee brighter through the spirituous fumes, he drank so freely that his head was whirling a little when the certain fell, and his riuU. and x'un&rous; voice was less under control shaa corsaaon. The snGw was fatting f sister and faster when, he looked out fiom the sSage door, and for some ten miast-as he a-»u,iit;J ia vaia the re turn of the iaessenj-er Jte hid dis03.tcaodfor& cab. He fell iuro u litile lordly rage at this, ti.'d denMHidiug ih-.ti, -Sac vehicle i^aeu founi fci-.owlii b^ ser._aLlHv-iHri, bs batooi hiuiself t;* tr-- Albany, aw :-.?. hand, ar.'.l moating thera ^ liait-scoio -jc J-i:- iuvftii- iouai brethren, joined them id a a-x'^u glass. jSotv/it-bi-lasj.'-inEr '-\\\° 'lor-smval or the cab. I he M-as bj *Vi-s f'--:c L\ th-.: very best an^ ! io'licpt ut liuri. .-..», «?'- tlie future seea I tLrcugL-.;r.t-u- ii:i*i si- iritnous mists, looker I so bure muI --.?-:.! -r.M ii« took his daughter ► I nocejjtance --t .--??-:--:- 'vVeathP-rlej' aa a fact a ,- I errrylkhed, ana iisicd oue or two of his olds i f: ii lids to be i/v^eut at the wedding. It h, been the common talk for months past Jb) I juung YveUi-Ucrley and Miss Bftssett werec.^* tagfcd, Wt, all tliingscoiisidered,themarriage baa seemedeuriously long coming; ana now that it was announced as imminent, the great tragedian was congratulated -with such hearti ness as yon may fancy. He had always been, popular and successful, and like men in other professions, actors like to know the popular and successful. 'Mont, dear boy,' and 'Bass, dear boy,' said the unctuous bass voices round him, as their owners touched glasses with him ; and the eminent comedian from the corner said, ' Monty, ye deserve to be congratulated,' in a voice so natural and like his own that two men from Magdalan were convulsed at his resemblance to himself, and felt proud to stand within a yard of so much greatness. AU this kindness and geniality on the part of Mr. Bassefcf s old friends led naturally to more drinking, and when at length, after a search of half an hour, the messenger returned with a, cab, the great man was in a glow of mingled prosperity and fatherly sentiment the like of which he had never felt before. Chapter vuL The snow had fallen so thickly that the cab bore Mr. Bassett homewards in a curious ghostly quiet. The flakes fell so close to gether that the driver could scarcely see the way before him, and once or twice missed his turning. But Mr. Bassett, sitting snugly within the vehicle, was wrapped in_ his own bright dreams, and was in a condition to think the night Venetian. Arrived at his own door he feed the cabman munifi cently, and entered. He was so old a toper that even now he gave but little sign of the evening's deep drinking, and an unsuspicious eye might have passed over that little easily. His daughter, awaiting Mm beside a cheerful lire in the sitting-room, rose at his entrance, atd kissed him with something more than her usual tenderness, and with no suspicion. She went to bed before bis arrival, or sat up to await Mm as she chose, and there was nothing remarkable in her being there. She, like himself, had been occupied with thoughts of the afternoon's refusal. He had \- always been a kind father, easy and indul gent, and she was too ignorant and unworldly to guess the importance he was likely to attach to young Weatherley's proposal. He would be disappointed : so much' she knew. Yet she had but to tell' Mm how distasteful the thought of marriage was to have him on her side at once. His beaming smile and the joyous air with which he clapped his hands and rubbed them at the fire, persuaded her that he knew nothing of the day's pro ceedings. 'My dear,' said Mr. Bassett, speaking a little thickly, ' I am gSad to find you out of bed, for I have something of great importance to say to you,' ' Yes !' she answered, drawing an ottoman Bear to his side and laying her cheek lightly against his breast. She was young to have found life so hard and love so false, but she had her refuge there. Her cheek caressed him as it lay above his heart. Her refuge there — her refuge there. ' Some little girlish coyness, dear,' he said, caressing her soft hair, and speaking with a foolish thickness in. his voice, ' persuaded you to say ' No ' to young Weatherley this after noon. Ycu must say * Yes,' my child. You must say 'Yes.'' 'No, no, papa,'3 said the girl, nestling a little closer yet, and possessing herself of one of his hands. 'Let me be happy as I am.' '?My child,' lie said, with a spirituous tear in either eye, 'youare nothappyasyou are.' His own sensibility naturally pleased him, and he was satisfied to know how good a heart he had, and how kind a father he had always been and would be. ' Confess it, my darling. You are not happy as you are.' 'I am not very happy,' she answered, 'and I do not think the world is a very happy place, papa.' She tried to say this lightly, as if there were haLE a jest in it. ' But I am nearer being happy here than I can ever be anywhere else, and you must let me stay with you.' ' My darling,' he responded, still strckiug ler head as it nestled at his breast, ' there is to question of division between us. Young 'Weatherley has most generously asked me to share his home. Think, my dear. Is there nothing admirable and generous in the heart which offers an asylum to your father's age?' ' I am sorry, dear,' she answered, ' I am very sorry, dear, if you are disappointed/' His hand ceased to stroke her hair, and he looked down at her in a momentary half -'runken anger. But remembering even then r.iiat that was scarcely the way to win her to Tiis purpose, he controlled himself, and sent his hand to its old task again. 'Ycu -will not disappoint me dear,' he said. 'If I tell you once more how much 1 desire this union, If I let you see clearly hovr or.'ich it means to me, you will not disappoint me.' ' I tried to think of it,' she answered, 'and I found I could not. You must not be too disappointed, for really I shall be happy, very ?very happy here with you.' They were at cross purposes without either knowing it. She thought he pleaded for her sake, and so did he. 'My darling,' he said with affectionate solemnity, 'you must reconsider your deter mination.' 'No, papa,' she answered, 'I am quite content with you. I sisall never mavry.' His visions began to waver and crumble, and he felt how intolerable it was that his own daughter should destroy such splendid pros pects as lay before hiai. *' My — my dear,' he said with a voice some what raised, but not much, 'this peevish non sense is unworthy of my daughter.' The girl drew herself away and looked at him, and saw for the first time that he had been drinking. This discovery brought her no alarm, and no disgust, for custom blunts the finest senses, and she had seen the signs before. As a rule, when Montgomery Bassett had exceeded the reasonable, he made for bed, and was not sullen, or humorous, or affec tionate, or maudlin, or quick in quarrel, but simply and purely sleepy. 'I am tired, papa,' said Mary, rising, 'and I must say good night.' 'My child,' her father answered, rising also, 'you must not say good night until we have settled this matter. I must have your promise.' 'His tone was not yet angry, but it expressed more than the girl cared to answer in such a case. **Papa,' she responded, quietly, 'Mr. Weatherley has my answer.' '.You are not refusing Mr. Weatherley now,' cried Mr. Bassett. 'Your father pleads before you for an asylum for his own grey hairs.' In vino vcrifas. For the first time in her life she began to understand him. Bat having loved and honored him her whole life long, she took this revelation of himself as an aberration from himself. Then (since it was unnatural in her to think ill of any one, and doubly hard to -HijtiTt it of her father) her ideas underwent a change. He put it in that way to have weight with her, believing that she might be happier if she yielded. 'We will speak of these things in the morning, papa,' she answered, 'if they mast be spoken of. Good night, dear.' As she advanced to kiss him, he laid a hand upon each of her shoulders, and rocked her gently to-and-fro. Her slight form answered to the motion of Ms hands as a -willow wand might have done, and a sense of his own strength and of her weakness gave him, not tenderness, but power, and spurred the anj;er rising in his heart. It was so safe to be courageous here. 'Mary.' The magnificent bass voice throbbed a little in its sound, like the note of a viol, and he had ears for it. And, what with the thousand and one suggestions of dramatic passion that lay in it for his own flayed nerves and whiskyfied fancy, it helped to spur him on. ' I demand your answer now.' This ?was new in her experience, and it startled her a little. ' Say good night, dear,' she asked, a shade too cool Mid disdainful in her tone. ' I will not say good night,' he answered. ' I will haye your answer now. The power and corrigible authority of this lies in my will.' 'Let me go,' she said, almost scornfully by this time ; ' you hurt my shoulders. Let me go.' 1 ' Stand still,' he answered, -with his hands heavier upon her. ' listen to me. I have besought you long enough.' Her disdain all melted into pity and dis tress. 'Pray— pray, papa, go to bed, and Ictus speak of this in the morning. You are not like yourself to-night. You are not quite— master of yourself, dear.' 'I demand your answer now,' was all lie said. 'You have my answer,' she answered, in a new disdain. ' I will not take it for an answer,' he growled back at her, in the suppressed tunes of professional tragedy. 'lam des perate of my fortunes if they check me here. I cemmand you, revise your answer.' She began to think him dangerous, but her own anger i cse. 'Had i too much trust in the world already that you need teach me such a lesbon of your self, papa? 1.-st me go.' ' You will not accept young Weatherley?' he asked, witli his mobile eyebrows wan dering fearfully about liis forehead. He con trolled his own facial expression with perfect consciousness, and yet it egged him on. ' I will not, papa,' she answered. ' You shall.' he cried, letting the magnifi cent voice free, for the first time. ' You shall ; or, if that your jesses were my dear heartstrings, I'd whistle you off, and let you ?down the wind, to prey at fortune.' 'Reserve Othello's speeches for the stage, dear,'1 said his daughter. She had loved and honoied him always until now, and the con tenrpt of her own words and her own voice broke her down, so that she began to cry. Sir. Montgomery Bassett began to think this the way to take wi'h her. 'Give me your answer.' 'You have my answer,' she flashed back' at him, through her tears. 'How dare you — oh, papa, how dare you teach me to despise youso?'r The crumbled hopes, now beyond rebuild* ing, gone to pieces ; the seductions of the magnificent voice, the charm of unrehearsed tragedy, the glow of whisky, and that stale, flogged demon of the boards, were all at work at once within him. And he had so rarely had the chance to be courageous, with any degree of safety, off the stage, that even that element was worth counting here. ' To despise me,' cried the great tragedian. ''Twasthis flesh begot this pelican daughter. Hysterica passio — down, thou climbing sor row ! Thy element's below.' He ,was away now, and bad flogged himself beyond his owa control. ' Obey me, or leave the house.' He had released her, in order to be free to gesticulate, but he turned upon her now so wildly that the girl cowered for a moment under his flaming eyes, and threatening hands, and terrible stormy voice. Her fear was that lie was mad. And his hope in the midst of his self -galled madness was, that she might yield, and save him from a violence from whrak he could only retreat to look ridiculous. For a man who thought as well of himself as Montgomery Bassett did, it was impossible to look ridiculous, voluntarily. ' Obey me, or leave the house,' he thun dered, standing over her. 'Papa,' she cried, imploring him, 'speak of these tilings to-morrow. You are not your self to- nigh tT No, no, no, no, dear, no. Papa, papa !' She was yielding now, thought Montgomery Bassett. 'Your answer. Your answer. For the last time, your answer.' 'Let us speak of it to-morrow,' she be sought him , * ' when you are master of yourself again.' ' Yes or no?' roared the leonine voice. Mr. Bassett found this unrestricted play o£ emo tion curiously enjoyable. The girl would yield, and he would have justified authority. He saw signs of yielding in her, and Hope's swift hands built, up a new palace from the dust and rubish of the old. ' Yes or no ?:' ' Nc,' cried the girl, facing him with a pas sion more genuine than his own. Hope's new built palace fell to dust again. 'Ingrate !' cried Mr. Bassett, wrathfully. It was easy enough to cry *' Ingrate,' with out attaching any particular meaning to the word, and easy enough to go striding up and down the room with dramatic gesture ; but it was hard to carry out the alternative to which he had pledged himself. Perhaps Mary had relied on that, he thought, and had no belief in the earnestness of his threat. He knew that he had never meant to carry it into execution, andhad never nieantthat it should become necessary. And if he threatened it a little further sue might believe in it and yield. ' Leave the house !' he said, pale and gasp ing. He had not invoked the tide for nothing, and it swept him away. He had been a scoundrel without profiting by it, and had broken her heart for nought. He would have his way and justify his crime. ' Promise, or leave the house.' 'Leave the house '.' she repeated, in white hot scorn by this time. ' I will not leave the house. Hovv dare you speak of such a tiling tome?' Anything was fit to be a justification for his passion now. He flung the door open, and thundered to her— ' Leave the house !' She stood erect, with pale face and heaving bosom, and he seized her by the arm and haled her towards the door. Even then a word might save him, but she looked at him like a defiant queen, and her words had no submission. ' I will save you that,' she said, and he releasing her, she walked, with a false com posure, down the stairs. Even yet, if he played out his part, it might save them both ; and, passing her, he laid a hand upon the door. 'Promise,' he gasped, 'or leave the house.' She waved him on one side, and he threw the door open. The drifting snow fluttered half- way up the hall, and the street was white, but no whiter than his face or hers. 'Is this a chamber for your only child?' she asked him, stretching outher hand towards the gusty street, and the black waste of the open square. Was she yielding, Mr. Montgomery Bassett asked himself. He could not yield. He could only gasp at her once more, for all the terror of his own wickedness — ' Promise, or leave the house !' She walked straight into the blinding snow without a look or word. He whispered, 'Come back,' but only whispered it; and when he turned distractedly, he faced the man and woman of the house, who looked on, white with wonder and dismay. 'What have you done?' cried the woman. ' Sir. Bassett, for the love of God, what have you done ?' ' * Done !' he cried,fhis face working horribly. *' Done ! an awful duty ! I have cleared my house of shame.' 'Run,' cried the woman to her husband, and the man shuffled past the tragedian into the street. 'I wouldn't haye served a dog like that on such a night,' cried the landlady. ' If she's done 'wrong, and I won't believe it of her, it makes no difference to your villany.' All the miserable emotions on which he had relied failed him now that Ms tragic farce had reached to the last act. ' I have gone too far,' he said, with a pro fessional tragedy sob or two; for he was acting still, and could not help it. 'I meant the warning f er her good, but I have gone too far. Bring her in again, but let me see her no more to-night.' Perturbed as he was, he went upstairs with, the professional tragedy stagger of the father whose heart is pierced by a daughter's shame and folly ; and even when he was alone, he lashed his remorse as he had lashed his anger. It was half an hour later when the landlord returned with the snow thick upon his gar ments. ' I haven't seen a sign of her, Mr. Bassett,' he said standing at the tragedian's doorway. ' I've warned the police to look out for her and take care of her, and if she makes a hole in the water you've yourself to blame this night.' r' Man,' cried Mr. Basset*, staggering at him, ' leave me to my misery !' The landlord had admired his tenant's Othello on the stage, but to have Othello in the liouse, with that throbbing organ voice and those wild eyes, was too much for him, and he fled. He and his wife sat the night out by the kitchen fire, but the police brought no news, and the tragedian's heavy tread paced about the house, now upstairs and now down stairs, until the morning dawned. ( To be continued.) 