GENERAL NEWS. It appears (says the Telegraph) that the Government have not yet heard the last of the actions for damages arising out of the Windsor accident of the ISth March. Mr. Graham Mitchell, the well-known veterinary surgeon, who was among the passengers, has UUU.UUWU U1B BUUUAUB llU piUGCCU, UtiUlUlUg £1,000 damages. Another action has been commenced by Mr. John M'Gregor, grocer, of Brighton, who claims damages to the amount of £5,000. Mr. Frank Madden, solicitor, has charge of both cases, which will be brought on at the next civil sittings of tire Supreme Court. A rather sensational incident occurred at the Kyneton Railway station on Friday night. The Kyneton Guardian says: — " At the time when the nine o'clock passenger- train was due, a goods train ran through the station. One of the waitresses employed in the refreshment rooms, thinking that it was the ordinary train approaching at a slacken ing speed, essayed to cross the line, although a dozen warning voices were raised to pre vent ber. She had a large tureen in her hand, and the slightest slip would have been fatal, bnt as it was, she was just dragged on to the platform as the train rushed past, by the stationraaster and one of the porters, and the onlookers, who had been expecting to see her crashed to death, breathed freely again. The inoident will, it is hoped, act as a warning for the future. The connection of Mir. Berry with the old lease of the Koo-wee-rup Swamp seems, the Herald remarks, to bear quite a political aspect in some quarters. The facts were that Mr. Berry entered into tbe speculation with Captain Lowiy at the time he was tem porarily ont of Parliament, and that on be coming formally commoted with journalism -in Geelong, he sold his share in the venture for £150, the sum expended in rent and pre liminary surreys, little was done, and some years after the gentlemen who remained in possession, forfeited their title, as they were unable at the time to provide the large capital necessary to reclaim.- the area they had leased, although the terms were so favourable, viz,, a rental of £20 a year for 21 years tor as least ;u,un acres or good soil. Mr. Grant was the Minister who granted the eased title. We quote from an English religions journal, the Christian World, the following proclamation fasned by the Salvation Army at Leeds. . The plan ol operations .is thns sketched " Monday, 5th June,1 at a quarter to Sj solvation charge. Tuesday, great exhibition - of hallelujah - lasses. Wedneday, fire , and . brimstone. Thurs day, roUrcall ; soldiers to deliver vp their cartridges, Friday, at half- past 7, baptism of fire, Saturday, at a quarter to 8, rejoicing orer victories won all ever the shop meetings, Sunday, 11th June, at 7a.m., laieedrill ; ammunition supplied, to soldiers by quartermaster-general ; il a. m, descent of the Holy Ghost ; half- past 2 p.m., tremendous free and easy ; half-past 6 p.m., great charge on the devil ; 9 p.m., hallelujah gallop." \- , Jhe PjeM-Jdall Budgd of -July 28 relates a remarkable coincidence 'mentioned hy the Press Association correspondent at Ply- month, V'IGn Tuesday. evening fa. Ufa prev ious week a young man residing at Devon- port called upon the editor of the Western Daiiy Mercury and asked if any telegrams had been received giving the names of the Englishmen fdUed during that day |n Aleg. andiia. He said that dqring the afternoon the mother and .wife of a petty officer nafned Revington, servfag fa Alexandria, had what jhey regarded as a token a his death.' They were sitting together in their house talkfaj and working when they heard, or though fhey heard, the voice of the absent son and husband say 'Mother !' three times? 'No thing had been heard about Revington at the newspaper office, hut on Wednesday the relatives received » telegram from tfip Admiralty stating that he to shot m tire streetf of 41P5»»4ria op Tuesday hde sprv, pig on police duty." . .. 