GENERAL NEWS. The Ballarat Courier thus refers to the bank robbery at Beedy Creek : — " The de tectives have not been able as yet to get a clue to the perpetrator of the theft of £1600 from the Colonial Bank at Beedy Creek. Mr. Hill, the manager, to whom it - would appear that some suspicion attaches, as he is tinder suspension, maintains that he knows nothing about the affair, and if his version of the affair be correct it would appear that the money was lost in course of transmission to the branch office." The body of a young man, named David Owens, who met his death by drowning in the Spring Creek Grassmere, near Warraambool, on July 29, was discovered on the 24th August. The creek bad been constantly dragged since the accident with out Buccess, but the water having subsided, the body was found upright held by snags. From the evidence given at the enquiry, it was apparent that the young man had entered the stream for the purpose of Inter cepting his boat, which had got adrift, and that he had been overpowered by the stream. The verdict was "accidentally drowned." A great billiard match took place at New market daring the July meeting, at the Public-hall, between the champions Messrs. J. Roberts and W. Cook, and a good deal of interest was taken in the game, there being a large assemblage on the three evenings. The conditions were, to play 5,000 np, Cook receiving a start of 750 points, for £500 a side. During the second evening Roberts made 653, the largest break ever made in a match for mnnpr fnllnvinir tTiio tin witL 395, thus making 1,078 in two consecutive breaks. With this exception, his play was by no means so good as usual. Cook, whose ' largest breaks were 178, 412, 276, 207, and 177, besides several others of more than a hundred, won by 968 points. The Prince of Wales was present on two of the evenings, and congratulated the ex-champion on his victory. The Cobic Reformer says; — "A vera' melan choly accident occurred on Thursday near Terranallum, a few miles from Mortlake, which resulted fatally. A well-known carrier, named Paddy AfGuiuncss, wliilc on his way bom Ballangeich to Currie's station, Larra, with a wagon loaded with potatoes, was killed, it is conjectured, by the wagon passing over his body, breaking his right arm and fracturing several ribs. It appears deceased slept the previous night at the Mount Elephant Hotel, leaving there at about two o'clock, quite sober, and was last seen alive at five o'clock the same evening, en route for, Currie's station. About 9 o'clock lie was discovered near a- drain in an insensible con dition by Mr. Edgar, of the Mount Elephant Hotel, who drove deceased into Mortlake, at which place they arrived at two o'clock a.m., and where medical aid was at once procured, but without avail, as death ensued half an hour after arrival in Mortlake. Some difficulty is experienced by the police in obtaining a magisterial enquiry, from the fact that there are no local justices residing in that township, bat it is expected a magis trate will be found, and an inquest held," The coming sheep show of the Australian Sheep Breeders' Association on the 4tb and 5th of next month promises to be one of the most successful of the Beries held since its inauguration. There is (says the Telegraph) a large increase this vear. both in the num- ber of exhibitors and exhibits, the classes for grass-fed merinos being especially full. There are for the Merino ram classes a total of seventy-three ; Merino ewes, sixty- two ; long-wools, rams, twenty-five ; ewes, twenty-five. Tins b nearly double tba number of long-wools shown last year. The liberal offers of special prises by various members of the association have been re sponded to in a manner highly encouraging and satisfactory. The show sheep have already begun to arrive, and the arrange ments for the reception of the exhibits are all complete. The show will beheld this year in the spacious grain stores of Messrs. Goldsbrough and Co., westward of William street, as the wool stores of that firm, where previous exhibitions were held, are now undergoing alterations. The sheep will be judged on Friday and Saturday, the 1st and 2nd September, and the show will be open on the Monday and Tuesday after. The Courier has the following : — There is, living some distance np the Yarra from Melbourne, a blackfellow, named Jacky, who is a great companion for a sportsman, as be knows all the best shooting grounds in the place. -He goes into Melbourne at times, and when he does so he calls on Mr. , a sportsman who appreciates him. One day Jacky arrived when Mr. was in conversation with some friends, and be waited patiently alongside for a chance to ennnire after half- a-crawn. Mr. saw him. At last one of the company suggested that they should have a drink, when another pulled out his watch and said " It's only eleven o'clock ; it Is too early." Tbey all said it was too early, and separated with out imbibing. Jacky had overheard the discussion about the liquor-up, and when the others had gone he turned round to Mr. with the observation "What big fool white man is." "Why, Jacky," said Mr. . "Because," said Jacky, with supreme contempt for the subject of his observation expressed in his tone, "he look 'um at 'nm watch to see if um bell'ya hungry." He got the half-crown. The Kynelon Gbuurdum records sorpe of the incidents of a revival mission of the Bev. John M'Neill, B.A. In his message last .»nin« Mr. M'Neill said that he was some- times asked whether it was sinful to attend quadrille assemblies or dancing classes. He Ws not going to say whether it was wrong or not, but bis text told faimfhat they should be " sealed with the Holy Spirit of promise," and hare " the earnest of their inheritance" -within. He would give a cheque for £50 if they could produce anyone who was 'filled with the Holy Ghost and yet attended dandng aasanbUes. If a man had the earnest -of the inheritance with him, and was foil np of the Holy Ghost, it wtraM foke a very -strong rope and a powerful locomotive to drag him into a dancingroom, where people . webt spinning round end round like so many Idiots, and it would bo iKOtobim natal bq oald get out again. The preacher also in dulged in parable. He represented the Lord as having tost some of His flock, and as say ing to the angel Gabriel — Gabriel, just go down to the world and see if you can hunt them up." Gabriel started on his mission, and reported, " Lord, I hear the shuffling of feet in here," when the Lord replied —"Oh ! none of my flock could be found there ; that is a ball-room." Mr. M'Neill concluded this illustration by expressing the hope that the Lord would never send Gabriel to look for him In a ball- room. A Sale correspondent of the Gedong Adver tiser says : — " The six-inch artesian well, sunk by the Tiffen borer in the immediate proximity of the Sale railway station, has proved eminently successful, water having been struck this morning at a depth of one hundred and ninety feet. The sand is being thrown np by tons, and tbe water is coming np with snch force that, if it were not for the street channel which carries it into the Flooding Greek, the whole land aronnd the well would be flooded. It is the largest artesian well yet sunk in Australia, and it is calculated that about a million gallons of water will be thrown, up. The well has been sunk by contract, by Messrs. M'Lean Bros, and Bigg, of Melbourne, for a company of gentlemen at Sale. So far, tbe success is assured, but the pipes will have to go down to the gravel, perhaps thirty feet more, before the work is completed. The company interested have entered into an arrangement to supply water to the railway department at Sale ; bnt, as they will not require above a hundredth part of the quantity, it is anti cipated that arrangements will be made with the borough council to retail it to the town, which will be of an immense advantage, as from the height the water will rise, forty- three feet, fire plugs can be put into the wiftinw at convenient spots, and tbe residents will be able to have the water laid on to their houses. I may further mention that the water is quite fresh and beautifully pare. Bristol s Pills, purely vegetable, cure stom ach complaints and all affections of the liver and kidneys. MUBBAT AJJD LAKMA5 6 FLORIDA WATBR unsurpassed for Handkerchief, Toilet and Bath. Highly fragrant. 