?8te gatttea pirn SATURDAY, 8EPTEMBEB, 2, 1S82. have again to complain of the trick of "misstatement" adopted by the Towns ville Bulletin. He says«in the'last issue the present Ministry r is one which even the NORTHEBN MINER allows to be . he brat possible one for the North; " we allow" or rather " admit" no such thing, and have not said anything which could be fairly interpreted to embody any such statement. We admit that they showed generosity tothe North in the Loan Estimates, SE they could drop their Coolie projects -and- Transcontinental craze, the North would not care to see r them soon ousted from office, but we recognize the impossibility of the Mints try changing their nature; they are forced by then*: position, their traditions, and obligations to the squxtters and planters to;go down the plane to their own destruction. The Bulletin, in opposing the Houghton Gup railway, does not, we believe, represent the true opinion of Townsville. Its business men see that . the trade of the port cannot be seriously, if at all, affected by the construc tion of th Houghton Gap line. For it will take some years to construct the line, so the trade must, perforce, harden in its pi esent grooves. When the line is opened from Bowen, we hopetu see the Jetty at Townsville extended to deep water, and the shipping facilities, which it now wants, fully provided. Let the people of Townsville unite and fight for the extension of the .Jetty and they may rely"»n the earnest support of Charters Tower^1 and:. all th« Western districts. We have no sympathy with the illiberal feeling, which finds expression in the Townsville BuUstin and which, if carried iato action, would consummate a great wrong to Bowen in order to guard Townsville from a possible injnry. Even if the injury were probable, it is the duty of a Government, which studies the interests of all, to provide Boweu with a railway. As well deprive it of common roads or a Jetty. Bowen and lownsville stand before the Parliament with equal rights as centres of popula tion and ports with certain facilities for trade. If Townsville claims considera tion on account of its greater trade, Bowen can advance superior claims in j its older settlement and in the possession of a natural harbour with shipping fac ilities which Townsville can never hope to possess. It is a happy trait in the Townsville people that they regard the Loan Estimates with " nothing for Townsville'*' in a "humurous light." It Is all the better for themselves, they will goon look at their " spurt" for Separa tion in the same " laugh and be fat" piril. They have got money collected and are resolved to spend it on a " dele gate." To find a suitable man for the job will be as difficult a quest as tbat ancient one for the "happy man." We com-! mend " Handsome Fwed" to the notice of the League; his days are numbered in the Assembly, he will never again be Returned for any Northern constituency and in the {South he has not the ghost of d " show." JJe has all the requisites of a got*! " stump," plenty "cheek" which appear? to stand first in the require ments laid down by the League and an unlimited supply of " soft sawder." He can draw gorgeous pictures of " castles in the air" and prove himself a perfect and unfiling peripatetic gasometer. As to facte and figures and the getting up of a logical case fit to be presented to hard-headed men " Fwed" is not certain ly the mm for the money, but by send ing -Marshall and Simpson with him what he lacks in Wains they could make up in nonsense. WALSH of Wnj^ga is an other likely candidate Jfor the office of "Delegate." No man jn the AssemWly has used more words, with so little sense in (hem. He is possessed of a How of jpeeh, ef epntiawws, pnbrokeu, vacuous tenuity, unbroken by -rfggflT.ja transient gleam tof sense, wit jor htfmor. If the i League will not acceMmher of those " SODS ot'Eolus'? f<#C^^^egate" they ; 'must be 'hard indeed^® please. Do 1 they expect that a maa ;o£ education, \ culture and refinement will go on the j " forlorn hope" of the Separation cause! for a paltry .£600, prepare and " cook55 j miles of figures, tell lies by the score) stand tip before jobust minded miners, I and endure,their Titanic laughter, stand . the rotten eggs of the gamins in every ? town in the iforth, the inextinguishable chaff, and ridicule, the worry and dis- ? comfort of being tussled, boosed and " chiacked" in every mining centre in i the North? Who could stand all this J for a poor £"600 ? IfFwed" Cooper or u Wagga" Walsh will not undertake the job, it is a hopeless cause, and the | League can then gracefully retire from the 1 "struggle and donate the money to the : Townsville Hospital That is the best j use they can make of the money. j 