Troubles 61 a Young House . wife. ; \- . ! BY GYP. 1 IV.-Horn. . Hfl TTY Jones's successor-Martha uroon-waa on* trait of charaoter in common with Aunt Dob, and that was a fondness for soliloquy. With Martha, however, it amounted to something Uko a mania, which took possession of her on ad possible occasions, tho result boing a chronic state of absentmindedness, at all times prejudicial, and in many cases fatal, to tho propor performance of tho work sho might have in hand. On tho morning that Harry Mar scion loft homo without wishing poor hoart- brokon Nollie good bye, Martha-who, though rough and ignorant, was vory kind hearted-attemptod to lind relief for her feelings in something after tho following stylo : ''Lauks! I do believe thoy'vo acohilly been and had a row at last. For there's master gone off like a blunderbush, and slammen tho door-a thing as I've not knowed him do aforo. And there s that pore young thing gone to her room with a face-which is tho prottiostest I over seen, and for all the world like a waxworks show-as white as a shoot of paper leastways, note paper. . . . And there ! I doolare them chops has never boon touched ! I suppose they got smoked, for nothing as I could do would make the fire burn with out smoking whilo they was gotting cooked. And last night the dinner was near tis bad. Neithor on 'em oat enough to feed a chicken, bocause master sod the jint was sorderned up not fit to oat. " For my part, I don't think them ranges half as good for cookin' as a camp oven. But I suppose it's what pooplo's most used to ; and all as I can say isl wish I was used to them ranges. For what's to be dono about dinner to-day if misBis shuts herself up, I don't known. She did say she was going to try and make somethin'out pf that joint so as not to let it go to waste. " Lauk now ! I wonder who's that a openin' the gate. I doolaro if it isn't the lady as everybody calls Aunt Deb ! I do hopo missis 'li seo her, it might cheer her up, pore thing-but there I'm forgettin' to open the door all this timo," she added, as a kind of afterthought on hearing the bell ring tho second time. " Yes, ma'am, she's at homo. If you'll take a seat in the droring room I'll go and toll here you're hero," said Martha, as she ushered Aunt Deb into tho parlour. " There ! I'm as pleased as Punch that she come down," she added, as she retired to the kitchen. " It just made my heart aohe to look at her face, for all the world like aghostses. Though I'd liko to seethe ghost as is half as pretty." Half-an-hour afterwards Martha was surprisod to soo her young mistress and Aunt Deb coming into tho kitchen, tho formor almost as bright as Martha h id ever soon her looking. " Lawks, now ! I hopos she's not comin' to give me a blowin* up. Thoy do say she's orful hard on sorvants as don't do their work prop'ly," Martha-* found time to say in a loud whisper beforo they on tered. . " Well, my girl, this is your first placo as genera servant, is it not ?" said Aunt Deb. in a kind tone to her. " Yes, ma'am, and if you pleaso, I never porfossod to know ennythiug about cookin' when I carno ; but I'll be only too glad to learn," said she. "Iam very pleased to hoar you say that," said Aunt Deb. " and for my part I would sooner tako a servant who knew nothing, but was willing to learn, than many of tho servants who profess to know a groat deal. But lot me soo what is the matter with this range. Ah, I tnink I know how it i-3 that it doosn't draw. Just got mo an apron, and I'll show you how to clean it. You've al lowed it to got choked up. Now," sho addod, when tho cleaning procoss was complotée!, "yon soe it draws beautifully, and if you will cloan it in tho same way about onco a week-or oftonor if it needs it-you will havo no troublo about smoko." " Yes, ma'am, I'll bo suro.to do it-I wisht I knowd before, an' thon it wouldn't havo givo so much troublo," answered Martha in a tono that moant she intendod to koop her word. It would tako too long to givo oven a summary of all that was offoctod by Aunt Dob. towards lifting tho clouds that soomed to hovor about tho path of | our young housewife. Suffico it to say that when i Harry Marsdon returned homo, ho was no loss sur prised than delighted to find a choorful woloomo from I Nellie, and a most appetising-though not expensive -dinner awaiting him. And, though ho avowed with I evident sincerity that the welcome would havo moro I than satisfied him if unaccompanied by any dinner at j all, there is no doubt it had its share in putting things on their formor pleasant footing. A nico long talk ensued, ending in the following fashion, *' Woll,Nellie pot,I'm glad tho dayhasendod so happily, for I novor felt so misorablo in my life as I did from tho time I left homo thia morning till I carno back again to-night. "Andi am glad too, Harry-but it is Aunt Dob. wo must thank for bringing it about. Only for her I'm afraid you would have found a misorablo looking little housewife, and a badly cooked-" But a kiss ended the speech, and tho Troubles of our Young Housewife at thc same timo. 