AFFAIRS IN FRANCE. [From our own Correspondent.] Paris, September 23, 1882. What is the best way to bowl John Bull out of Egypt, or compel him to surrender, or go halves in his successes? That is appa- <*> rently the Question which now is taking hold of the French mind. Abasing England fc?? been fonna not to pay, even when toe vitupe ration is headed by M. de Lessens, who is responsible for the deeply altered relations between his country ana England, and who has fiie questionable merit of having thrown im his lot with "ArabiaadtheNationaKstef and what is worse, it was his fussy influence and innw^irV*' vanity that decided, the Cabinet to desert the English at Alexandria, So mnch the better—as remits prove—for England; and so much the worse—as people here know to their cost—for France. It is hardlya week ago since the journal* were eulogising Arabi as a Todleben, a Washington, and j^mii?* unconscious i*>nt*a tures. His earthworks were a succession of . Plevnas that would use up all the expeditions England could send. Months, -aye years, would be necessary to redoce the "patriots,* and ultimately appeal would have to be made to Fiance for generals prawning genius and soldiers accustomed to success. These predictions having been so etlnunU a belied the journals in question auda t torn rouno, y?J demand that ni*ny was conquered without an effort, almost without a blow, matters have under gone no veritable change, and Sir Garnet; anght to decamp. I auaue to this kind ?C writing as simply indicative of how the French smart from the effects of England's victory. In the parallels adduced from modern anft' contemporary history and held up for the imitation of England, the French journals—' and the remarkable fact deserves to be noted and remembered—of all shades studiously avoid allusion to Tunis. Yet the occupation of Tunis deprives France ?C the right tv sraalise for nations; itwfflbe her Banqw ghost for aunry a long year. Then it is drifi colt to know what claims France has nosr upon Egypt note titan Austria, Italy, Turkey even. The "doable control*' arrangement mast not be renewed. It is not a dignified position for Frenchmen and Engtidunn to beoffidaUy spying one another. Farther, having deeUned to defend Oat arrangement by arms when invited by her partner, she re tort and herright is lapsed. Another uesime?tal grfcf ?_the canal; here England must afcobedeeided. Asfoor fifths of the skipping ymmag through is BritLfa ?***w*tMSjto£*£l <*e canaV iaritisabadbird*katftwl?ittown nest In 2Ser to ffiTwittt the threats of M. de Lessen and his iateiMtioimi bone of cob tentien, it is commonly mmored bete tint SBglacd has the concession for the making of leecond canal, art ?he establishing of s> new eomroercal port on tiie Mediterranean that wffl supersede Alexandria, MKleclips^tf it wHI not absorb, Pert Ssid. The momeat English capitalists annonnee the project -oC the new canal tfce Beyptian question wiH be seteed, in ?k sense Chat Bngmndwfll be left to taoraOy settle down "arovisionany, wMch means in nndipkimatie language per manently. B* her presence in Kgy& England Tenders important ?erriee-^first to faenelf, next to Algeria and Tunisia by iisiiiiirtiiif; fanatieal Mussidmans that the rod is always in pickle for them; and last, but not least, to civilisa tion. In proportien as England has risen in the East French influence has fallerv 1 V"* w^*^ tiorpr pain anything from "in* timacy" with Prance. She has had lately sufficient proof of this. She can be inde pendent; France cannot be so. Yet the- French proclaim that their alliance is a matter of something like life and death for Uprlnnd. When this popular error is extir pated also from the French the latter will the sooner be able to comprehend her isola tion, and what she has .lost by her DeLesseps and ?nMiii-?.i publicists. By the arrest of Kiddem Paahathe "foreign* correspondence of Arabi is now completely ia the hands of the English. A few missing links were wanted, which have been supplied by the fall of Damietta, Inclusive of the Sultan liimngif, i.ha French and TH^inn Governments have been furnished with proof, as strong as holy writ, of the intrigues ia which some of Him* prominpnf. officials were mixed to dethrone Tewfik and checkmate H?p only power that remained true to him, as be was true on bis side. The new law on obligatory education is dk playing a little friction in working, but there u nothing of a nature to compromise the measure. Besides, politics enter largely into the question. In any case the nation dofife not dwplay any entnn?ianm about the reform. Ko progress lias been made in the work (£ healing t£e serious dissensions among the re publicans, who lead a cat and dog life. J£ Iraclerc has only been laughed at for express, ing the opinion that a house divided azainah iteelf must fall; the radicals have aervSaSm with a notioa to quit, and there ia every Qn bhood tttat he too will bedownamonetiw" dead men before, say, Hbe Gar ia orowoed. Byes wwniwnfe to be again tamed tomrda Gambetta; his Bgroaan^icv^^^SS coalition with En?Ud-is^o^?eato h|? 236 1 ? ? n correct, and Che demand is increasing i . his scrvtln <U tfttt -plan of voting, for ? \- <vh. he was ejected from office. In presence ? = r uch inktability fiance cannot count upon v.. alliance of any power. ' he rissrriste* nave put in their twenty. ri,' t days. The poor fellows were playing „ j.i Prussians and French throughout an .- rncst continued downpour; where roads re not mnddy the fields were next to bogs; ????>? four weeks' roughing has melted away the bo. id flesh of many a fat and greasy citizen. Tie generals in their orders of the day admit that they are content with the men, but we know French generals must ever employ a very large dose of flattery. There was no thing actually new in the manoeuvres; they are so modelled after the tactics of the Ger vaans that a Prussian might fall in and feel hinuelf at home. There is much inequality id the constitution cf the officers' corps, the mem. bersnotdisplapDganyapproach to uniformity of intelligence ; the army, like every other nation's, suffers .from the want of non-com missioned officers. There is not the slightest desire to make the army a profession ; men under the flag count the hours till their ser vice be expired. Politics also have stray in the corps of officers, which constitute two camp?, monarchists and republicans. Much of the disorganisation of the army is due to the frequent changes—about once a year—of the ministers of war, caused by cabinet upa and downs. One minister has hardly the time to even undo all the work of his prede cessor. The cavalry is not viewed as being up to the mark ; the explanation offered is, that it is only being trained to new tactic?. .More latitude is being accorded to the pri vate initiative of the generals, and to foresee is more than half-way to victory. The French are pairing np lee-way in the matter of rapi dity of movement Marshal Saxe observed, " that victory is in the legs." Sir Garnet Wolseley has just illustrated this, and Napo leon L acted on the theory in his maxim " strike rapidly." Statue erection and statue domolition ' proceed with equal rapidity ; it is not un natural that being the ins, the republicans honor their forgotten worthies in bronze and marble. Perhaps it is owing to -want of sites that the municipal council of Caen has ordered the removal of the statue of Louis XIV. from the public square of the town. It is to be hoped no harm will be done to William the Conquerer. In the Place de Victoires, in Paris, there u also a statue to the Sun King; the greatest wonder is that it has escaped removal. But we are more tolerant in the capital: witness the setting up a few months ago, close to Notre Dame, of the statue of Charlemagne, under the aus pices of an extremely republican munici pality. The hat is being sent round for a statue to Jean Jacques, Rousseau, and Marat. When wOl the turn come for Fouqnier. Triville, and Robespierre ? German opinion having expressed the de sire to occupy some portion of Africa and establish colonies may explain why the French call upon their Government to ratify tie treaty of M. de Brazza with King Makoko, who holds sway somewhere in the Congo. That slice of Africa, along with, fifmAmfriL?w J ought to compensate the French for the flight of the Wnjgliim into Egypt. But what doesFrance do with her colonies ? She cannot people them, having no population to send there, and her sons prefer short com mons with M. Grevy rather than an estate flowing with mQk and honey in the vicinity of KingMakoko or the strong-minded Queen of theHovas. 