TASMANIA. DIOCESE OF HOBAUT. ADDRESSES OP CLERGY AND LAm TO Ij| Address of the : to the Most Rev. Daniel McE^^m? Lord Bishop of Hobart. ' 1 Mt Deab Lord,—Hearing that vour Lordship is about to visit the tombs of the apostles, we take this opportunity to renew our assurances of respect for your high offioe and devotedneBB to yourself. It is B O w m ten years since last you conferred with tha Vicar of Christ on matters affecting the wel« fare of your diocese. When intheammt presence of Pio Nono, of saintly memory ™ spoke to him of onr loyalty to Holy Church and our unswerving fidelity to Her earthly Head in his joys and in bis sorrows. It was a momentous period in the Church* histoiy. The world's episcopate had met it 1 he shri ne of Peter to proclaim the Infaffi. ility of their Chief Pastor. In the foremoit anks of that holy and learned army you ordship was found doing battle for the ontiff's privileges, and interpreting aright he " Deposit of Revelation." In the thirty-five years which God has given you to worthily fill the office of Bishop yen have seen three Pontiffs in the Chair si Peter, and after labouring for a quarter of a century with great zeal and abundant fruit first as Priest, and then as Bishop, beneath the burning sun of Hindostan, you were appointed Chief Pastor of our island home to continue the glorious work wherein ™ have hitherto been so successful. When we look around your Lordship's diocese we see the Church's work everywhere progressing. In your Cathedral City a mag* nificent pile of buildings has been reared to the glory of God and the edification of the people. Perched upon an eminence looking out upon the waters of the Southern Seas, the Mother Church, for its grace of design and stateliness of proportion, compels th« admiration of the traveller; it is the outcome of your zeal and untiring labours. When you landed on these distant shores some fifteen years ago, forthwith you applied your best energies to the religious education of youth—the work that is dearest of all to your paternal heart. Now, we find Convents, to which youth come from afar, to acquire that knowledge which fits for this and for a better life. There are other schools besides, covering the land as with a protecting sgi>, where our boys—the hope of the future—ara shielded against the dangers of secularism, and where they are taught their duty to themselves, to society, and to G-od. Here, too, you have recently built yourself house, which may be truly called palatial, nd you have adopted the fitting motto of " fortis et liospitalis"—hospitality in truth we have ever experienced at your hands; but hen on rarest occasions circumstances maj necessitate the " fortiter in re," it is erer tempered by the " suaviter in modo." When in the Eternal City, you will offer the Holy Father our sympathy and felicitations—our sympathies because an organised system of brigandage, unparalleled in the history of modern times, has robbed him of the ancient patrimony of the church; ouf felicitations withal, for we find him keeping ceaseless vigil on the watch tower ofSion, guiding the destinies of battle, proclaiming to a recreant world the violent usurpation of his constitutional right, and in all things com* porting himself as beseems the vicegerent of Jesus Christ. Prom the ends of -the earth our voices go forth to unite with two hundred millions d Catholics in reprobating the desecration of the hallowed remains of Pio Nono—"citron et venerabile nomen." It augurs ill for the future of Christian Italy to find so darts deed perpetrated in the city of the Pontiffs, the See of" Peter, the Home of the Fa®' Now, as the ages that are past, the barqueo' Peter is out upon the troubled waters. Ij storms rage around her, and on every side sua 10 is threatened with destruction; but, as on tha Sea of Galilee, Jesus is in the boat, and Peter appeals through Leo—" Domine, salve nosi perilous." ,, The diplomatist may plan the Cburci' ruin, the monarch may strive at.her expen to elevate himself to the pinnacle of po*{[ 89 but He who dwells in the heavens will e their machinations to scorn. He wills®' the' surging Bea and calm the fury ; of tempest; He will restore to His faithful Vicar, in His own good time, those rights « which godless men and perfidious prinfj have deprived him. "Quare fremueruw gentes et populi meditati sunt mania adverse Dominum etadversus Christum ejus ? " We ,beg your Lordship's acceptance of tw enclosed, as ^slight tribute it' filial- ^ f and appreciation of your truly paternal^.®' S e c b We regret sincerely that we' cannot it' a 'hundredfold. • Utterly disproportion^ though it be to what we- Would wish, it * " 1 or us a pleasure, as well as idutj, to wsW you to visit i 1" the Father of the Faithful. . When in his augtmt presence you pleased to ask his blessing upon ourselves ^ us closer still ~nt e and judicious rule, and begging on our gentle ana J Bened ction,—We remain, obedient and devoted chily our Lordsbip B one Beechinor Z S ? - Hogan (Archdeacon), Charles K (Dean) John Murphy Mat he. ^ S JOW J McEefnan, E. F. Walshe, Noone John Feehan, M. J. Beechinor, } T g K M. J. 0'Began, M. W Gilleran, V.rtial Mary (" Missionaire Apostolique ), S ' f f S . B. J. Murphy, B. Callinan. His Lordship thus replied :— Verr Rev. and Rev. Brethren,—It is gratifTins to me to receive, on the eve of my departure for the "Limma Apostolorum," the beautiful address which you are so good as to present to me, and which embodies sentiments worthy of your affectionate devofon and truly Catholic spirit. With all my heart I (hank you for it and its accompanying generous testimonial. It is now, as you observe, over ten years since I bad the honour of conferring with the late immortal Pius the Ninth, and conveying to him the expression of your loyalty to Holv Church, and your unswerving fidelity to her earthly head ; and the memory of that occasion, marked as it was by sweet condescension and encouraging words on the pirt of bis Holiness, shall never fade from ^The'occasion was indeed a momentous and a glorious one for the Church—that of the Vatican Council, when the Catholic Bishops of the Universal Church were assembled under the noble dome. of St. Peter's to deliberate upon and to define matters of Divine revelation ; and when one considers that he took part, though ever so insignificant, with those successors of the Apostles under the headship of Christ's Vicar, and specially assisted by the Holy Ghost, he must feel that he 'enjoyed a privilege of the most exalted character. As to my opinion relative to the rights and privileges of the Roman Pontiff, I may be allowed to say, that I never had but one since I gave the question serious reflection—that which declares the Pope, in his official character of teacher of the Universal Church, to be infallible in matters of faith and morals. The germs of that doctrine I had received in my youth from the lips of learned and saintly Professors, in my " Alma Mater''— Maynooib College—and that at a time when that c jlletre was most erroneously charged with teaching a different doctrine; and if, whm the question was publicly discussed, and certain passages from ecclesiastical history raised serious diffieultiPS, these were wmpletely removed hy the luminous essays of such writers as the learned Dr. Ward, published in the DubUn Review, previous to the meeting of the Council, and by the memorable orations of such theologians as the late lamented Cardinal Cullen, delivered wi'hiu the walls of the Council. On the forthcoming occasion it will again be my pleasing duty to present your filial and respectful hnmasre to the reigning Pontiff, Leo XIII.—who has inherited, with the rights and privileges of his pre- Jecesror, his trials and sorrows—with the assurance that he has your cordial sympathies. It will be some consolation to his afflicted heart to learn that you, in this remotest part of his spiritual empire, unite your voice with that of the rest of the Catholic world, in reprobating those sacrilegious aots of spoliation which robbed him of his patrimony, iind expressing your horror of the barbarous outrages committed on the holy reraaim of the saiutly Pius the Ninth. It will also be a comfort to him to know that you have unbounded confidence in the ability and prudence with which He guides the barque of Pr-far through the violent storms by which it is beBet on every side, but out of which it will emerge safer and more resplendent than ever, protected as it alway to by the presence of its divine founder. Tuu are pleased to refer to the progress which the works of religion have made in the diocese since my taking possession of it, but let ma remind you, my very dear fellow labourers in the Lord s vineyard that to you and not to me, belongs the principal share and merit of those works which you undertook with a willing heart and carried out With energetic zeal, and in which you have been Bided by a generous people—thus affording to the faithful everywhere throughout the diocese, even in the remotest and most inaccessible parts, the consolation of attendiug the Holy Sacrifioe of the Mass and partaking of the Saoraments. Aa to Education, this is the battle-field 611 Which the powers of darkness and the princes of light meet in hostile combat. The former nave possession of the ground, and are contending for the destruction of religion through We destruction of the Church and the perversion of youth. But the Church, fully alive th ; e danger to which her charge is exposed " putting forth all her strength, and will, with the assistance of the God of battles, who » ever on her side, obtain the victory, aence the establishment of Oatholio institutions and Catholic schools in every part of the world. In this work of vital importance ? na incalculable merit munh has been done •a thw diocese through yonr zealous efforts, out more has yet to be accomplished; nor . „,J° U > 1 confident, lay down your urns T .?, en ? m y » completely vanquished. u will (rive me much pleasure to comply wiiti your request, to ask for yourselves and the flocks entrusted to your care the blessing of the Holy Father, who will, I may say, grant it with a willing and benevolent heart. >5< DANIEL, Bishop of Hobarton. ADDRESS FEOM THE LAITY. To the Eight Eev. D. Murphy, Bishop of Hobart. MY LOED,—We ore delegated to express in a formal manner, on your departure to visit Eome, the regard felt for your Lordship by the faithful of your diocese, and with that expression we beg to offer a small testimonial as some proof of the sincerity of the feelings of your flock. We need only mention the various new churches and schools which have been reared during your Lordship's episcopal charge, to show the earnestness of yonr desire to promote these good works, whilst the most neoessary and greatest work of all, which was the re-building of your Cathedral Church amidst the greatest difficulties, will always remain a proof of your zeal and earnestness in the furtherance of the faith in its outward form, as well as in its inner life. We trust that you may meet with a prossperous voyage, both in going from and in your undelayed return to Tasmania. When you are before the Holy Father, we hope your Lordship will assure him of our loyal devotion to his Holiness, especially at this time of such great trouble and anxiety, and that we, though so remote from, the Head of our Faith, never cease to pray for his happy deliverance from the hands of his enemies, and that they may be converted. In conclusion, my Lord, we wish you health and happiness in your journeyings.— Signed on behalf of the Committee at a public meeting. C. O'REILLY, Chairman. H. HUNTED, Treasurer. C. H. BKOMBY, Secretary. Hobart, 24th February, 1882.— [The Bishop made an appropriate reply. ] 