DISTRICT NEWS. WALBTTNDBIE. MONDAY, February 20. (FHOMOOB The continued dry, hot weather is producing baneful effects. Stock of all kinds, which were rallim "mud fat" a couple of months ago, are reiuoed to semi-skeletons-the very ghosts ol their former selves. The Billabong can boast ot a tiny waterhole here and there, about a mue apart; and fast drying up. Lovers here have toe times of it just now: they can walk arm-in-arm along the channel of the dry creek, enclosed on either side with a high bank, none dating to make them afraid. I hear of two or three matmnomal matches shortly to come off which were brought to their culminating point in a walk along the bed of the Billabong. The ceremonies, when performed, will be a God-send to Piney; whilst another heaven-sent boon would be a copious rainfall for seven days and seven nights without intermission—equal to the first week of Noah = flood: none too much. Another nearly break-neck accident occurred in the main street here one dark nigbt recently. The wheel of a springcart got into a gully two feet deep, the result being that the horse was thrown on his side and the driver pitched close to the adjacent fence. Fortunately, both escaped with a few bruises. A prayer to Mr. Lackey is shortly to be forwarded if Mr. Duffy continues to pay a deaf ear and to ignore the urgent requirements of the place. This district is literally swarming with insect life. Flies are a common nuisance, and have become an institution in the colony, so that only those who enjoy a bunged eye and a calabash hp —which every third person here can testify—dare to execrate the busy, tickling, affectionate creatures. But the pismires ! Oh, gracious ! into your sugar basin, filling up the spongioles of your loaf, a moving black masB in the milk-jug, but, worst of all, rousing you out of the soundest sleep at 2 a.m. by running up your legs, arms, ears, nostrils, hair, &c.;, &c.; A lady's canary in a cage was literally covered with these voracious little creatures, and the poor dying bird was only saved by putting it under the tap. The school here is progressing favorably. All the children within a radius of six miles are at- The Star Hotel has undergone renovation both outside and in, and is now the best-looking "pub." this side of Jindera. 