IWbveHst. . GRIT. A Story of tho Past and Prosont; of Ordi nary men and Ordinary things, in Ordi nary languago. BY DONALD. CAMERON. AUTHOK Off 'UI TltE HOLDS OF THB SBIirENT,' ' btlvbhwater bend,' bto. ' Bo «uro thy sin will find thco out.' It is n beautiful belief: .That OTor round our head Aro hovering on nngol wings, .' . Tho spirits of tho dead.; . .CHAPTER XII.— (OONIINDED.) ? ?, ? ''.Yes,' he I Said, in a low tone; 'it will bo clangorous. If that. Bide prop isn't strong ' - wlien tho big one's gono, nothing can keep \- tha.stono up. Beo how it's craoked bvery .?whorc.' ; . 'You don't liko Jack,' said Snicker Snig gles, quiotly. 'I lovo all men, ag becomes a changed man,' said Obadiah, santontiouely. ' I havo had oauEO to hate him, and my nature has ? striven - with it ; but I havo wrostled with it '.and become tho victor. Amen.' * 'Yet,?1 continued Sniggles, 'ho has done '? much wrong to you. But for him you would havo converted and married that pretty girls Bertha White. You are fond of her, aint' . you, brother ?' ? ' Speak not of tho unholy longings of the flesh, brother,' said Obadiah, in a strange , voice 'You have raised the rebellious Adam Within mo. It :is true, she is pretty. ?It is true I hankered after her in the manner of this carnal world. It is even truo that her .fathor is a man of jnonoy ; but, 0, Snioker Sniggles 1 aro wo not changed men ? Have wo not put oil tho. old man and his deeds and ontered upon- tlio straight path. But you -havo troubled, me, brother, and I must pray.' ? It .was nothing unusual for Obadiah to .kneol down and pray in tho levels ; and ho had such a namo for piety with tho men since ho had boon converted at a revival meeting, held by Matthew Burnett, that they always refrained from laughing at him; indeed, his disciples often joined him. Somo of tho miners would laughingly remark that pray ing was oasior than work; but, notwithstand ing, thoy oftener joined than niooked.* ' Brethren,'.' said Obadiah, loudly, ' I have . had a visitation. Tho sweet oall of prayor hath come into my heart, and I bosoech you for a fow moments to join mo in solemn supplication. Gome to tho love feast 1 Come.' There wasnjt mubh demur. It was nearly the: end. of tho shift, and the men woro tired. One by one they laid aside their tools, and knelt by Obadiah. 'It was a strange picture; ? Above, bolow, were tho rocks lit by tho faint light of tho candles, flickering in tho musty, misty air. Tho half-olothed minors, begrimed with clay, seemed liko the goblins wo road of in German tales. Hero and there a huge shadow stretohed along tho floor like the arm of a spectral giant reached forth to seize a victim; and in tho dim recesses it seemed as if ghouls and domons were lurking for prey in fliokering shadows. Afar off the clanking of the maohinery sounded liko tho evil spirits of Merlin at work in chains. Obadiah arose from his knees apparently . fetrcngthoned. . He glanced around in a sort of awe-inspiring way, and then waved his hand to command silence. ' Brethren, I havo wrestled and been re freshed. Let us now sing that song of praise that; our beloved friend Snicker. Sniggles ha3 written.' ? ; !'???? Instantly! the miners arose and began to Bing, led off by Sniokor Sniggles, whose nasal . intoning was somothing amusing. But .the . effect of tho difforont voices resounding in the cavern was something like that whioh is henrd in- a great cathedral. .Some sang without -thought, it is. true, but thoro wore others, with simplo, earnest yoicos, who throw all tho; .intenao longing .of their hearts into tho verses, ?seeking in musio expression for their feelings. Tho heart. oppressed with sorrow' finds in music its truest vehicle. In tho minp of lifo wo work our wny, Down in tho depths, in tho miry clny ; Driving in darkness, seeking for light— Lord of Hcnvon guido us aright. Hallelujah, Hallelujah, ' ? Glory, glory, Hallelujah. In tho rocks of error, linrd nnd groy, Wo sink nnd drive by night nnd day, i Reeking for gold that's hidden there. Listen, O Lord I unto our prayer— ? ??? Hallelujah, Hnllclujnh. aiory, glory, Hnllolujah. Groping our way through levels dark, ? No light tho ' pass' to dontl^to ninrk ; Working in daugor'nnd shadow nnd pain, O, Lord I with Thy presenco our souls sustain. Hallelujah, Hallelujah. Glory, glory, Hallelujah. s . When theday- shift is ovor, tho whistles sound, liniso us glorious unto higher ground. , , Let lliy ' cngo' with ns to tho realms ascend, Great Jfnnnger, to glory that will never etui. '. -, Hnllelujnh, Hnllelujnh. Glory, glory, 'Hallelujah. ; . Tho wild strains' had hardly leased when Obndinh's hand again waved, and silence again reigned. Then in placo of tho strains that had echoed through tho. caves there sounded his unmusical voice. ? ' Brethren,' said he, 'think well of what wo havo sung. Is not our life like, to a shift in this mine ? In tho morning wq awako and come to our work and piok and piok away in search of gold, with only the light of feeble candles to .show us our way. As we work so will, our wage bo. Wo drive, drive, for tho go]den reef, and alas 1 how few find it. Yet, brethren, it is there. It may be hidden: in masses of rock, but it is there, and tho way to it is through narrow drives, and much labor is necessary to rcaoh it. And then, brethren, *hftcr all our toil and troublo tho evening draws apace, and thewhistlo of tho engine * Tlio author has no intention to givo oflenco to truo religion. Ho merely wishes to show tho manner in which tho most sacred of ordinances aro travestied by men of the Obndiah Sweotconi fort stamp. sounds telling us it. is tune ' to . knock ' off ' Somo givo o^er work cheerfully, and commit thomsol\cs unto tho cago with perfect happi ness; but others who havo not done well feel no trust. They do not look for any blessed light abovo ; they fear the frown of tho manager, and dismissal. Ah, brothren 1 may we so work in tho mine of lifo that, whon tho signal of tho Great Manager sounds, wo shall tako our places in tho cago of death, confidont of ascending from tho dim light of tho dark mino unto tho glorious roalniB above, whoro Ho will receive us with Bmiles, and pay our wages. Yet another simile. Brothren, aro yo not also mines, and is not your master Booking in y« for gold, driving into your hearts to find tho precious motal ? Havo yo allowed Him to find tho golden reef that is within oyory man ? Has Ho not stood with out, day after day, knocking. Have yo not re fused to opon to Him ? Has Ho not sunk into your hearts expecting to find gold, and instead found moro valueless mullock ? Ah, brethren I bowore. Ho is long suffering, but his patience will not last for over. Ho will como to you in fury, and cast you into tho shaft that is bottomless, whoro you shall bo dashed to pieces with tho fall. Amen. Fleo from the iwfntli frt nAtnn ? {\nn fr-ftm i]\fl 1i1fl«f. Ihftt.'o 1T1 tho rock, and will scatter you in fragments throughout the' mino if you do not rotreat into, tho safe drive of religion. Brothren, lot us pray.' ' Let us work,' said a strong, angry voico at tho tunnel, and William Brown, Jack's friend, and tho manager of tho Hesperus Extended, appeared. Instantly the devotees slunk away to their plaoes, leaving Obadiah standing alone. ' What tho devil do you moan idling here,' said Mr. Brown, who had becomo a strong, bearded man, 'whon you ought to bo work ing.' ? ,!' Wo had a visitation, sir,' was Obadiah's roply, ' and improved tho ocoasion.' . :'Yos,' rotorted tho manager; 'Pro no doubt you've had a visitation of laziness ; it often comes your way. I've hoard a good deal about tho stylo you havo been going on lately, and I've mado up my mind to clear you out. I wont have such men as you hindering round with your sanctimonious cant and unholy blasphemy. You'ro ruining thomen ? ' ' Saving their souls,' said Obadiah, whose oyes wero flashing in a very unnaintly way. ' Saving your carcase,' said tho manager roughly.. 'After to-day you quit tho mine. Como on, men, it's time to knock off.' And ho disappeared in tho tunnql. Tho men now fixed their tools in readiness for tho noxt shift, and proceeded to tho drive. Obadiah, who scorned very crestfallen, lingered behind. Tho men did not come to speak to him. Tho young man who so stoutly stood up for Jack, howover, could not help twitting him as ho passed. ' Hot,' said he, with a grin. ' Yes,' replied Obadiah, with' a sneor, and, scowlingat tho speaker, 'hot as it will bo for him and you hereafter.' ' Wo'U tako our ohance of that,' said tho other, and ho walked on with his mates to tho shaft, keeping to tho rails to avoid tho water whioh flowed along. Tho cago had stopped, and those who stepped into it could sec; far above, & glimpse of tho bluo sky, studded with a star or two. 'Whoro's Obadiah?' asked Snicker Sniggles, as tho last cage was going up, and ho was about to signal to the man above. 'Hero,' said a sepulchral voice, and Obadiah stepped into tho cage. He was in a perspiration, biib very white ; indeed, as ho took hold of tho chain, Sniggles noticed his hands shake. ' What kept you so long ?' asked Sniggles. ' I had forgotten somothing' was the reply. One, two, three pulls at tho telegraph cord, and . away tho cago went, up ; up, until it reached tha light of day. CHATTJ3R XIII. : 'Tho lightest straw tho balancd tunis j ;...'' Tho smallest match n wnrohouso burns J -' Tho slightest stop out of tho path, '? ' .:' ? Leads U- a day of doom and wrath.' '- ' In tho morn of lifo, whoii lovo's our. dream. No shndo in storo appears to bo j . But bo yond love's bright deceiving gleam, ?'? - Lies lifo's dark, dreary, troubled sea;' Tho afternoon sun was shining upon Gritty Gully, bathing in its warm light the great' golducld of Grit ; but not the field we have seen in tho past. Had tho ghost of Janet risen now it would not havo rcoognised tho spot whoro its poor clay mot so untimely a f ato. A great change had come over Grit. Tho miners who had had their being on Gritty Gully then, had 'folded their tents,' and 'silently fled away.' On tho wholo plain, there was not a tent to bo seen ; in thoir stead aroso substantial brick and wooden houses. The street of tents had vanished ; and in its placo was a fine thoroughfare, in tho midst of which tho Garryowon hotel, a costly structure of brick and stone, rose, displaying a tower of considerable height. Thero wero grocers and drapers, and banks ; in fact, all tho signs of civilised existence, even to tho gaol, a granite and brick structure, that frowned over the reserve — as tho spot set apart as sacred from the intrusion of brick, was called The gaol covered tho site of what had been tho ' Camp' in tho early days, where Mr. Bunakum's enemy, the Commissioner, lived. The remains of the great alluvial diggings could be seen in tho miles and miles of yellow ungrassed country on every side. Another feature in tho landscape told of the great change that had taken place. . The stacks of engines rose in every direction, telling of spots where shafts had been sunk deep into tho earth in quest of lodes.' The t field was indeed altered. The sturdy alluvial digger was no moro; his place was supplied by wretched fos^iokors and Chinamen. A new order of men had been created; tho quartz miners. The onco rest less hordes of goldsookers had either sottlcd down into quiet citizens', or gone off to other fields to pursuo thoir feverish life. In two respects, however, Grit had not changed; indeed, so far as these were concerned, thoy had becomo intensified. It wa3 redder and moro glaring than ever. Save tho dingy green of a decaying gum tree hero and there, not a vestige of verdure was to be seen. Tho denuded snrfaco had been red enough and staring in the past, but now the color was aggravated by the briok buildings that aroso everywhere. Eed dust, too, roso iii clouds on tho slightest motion, so that tho inhabitants had a little moro than their share of that quantum, dust, oyoryono is supposed to swallow during their life. In regard to drinking, Grit had in no manner changed. Glancing along its principal street— tho Parade, as it was proudly called — tho oyo rested on a public-house every second building. Tho Garryowon was of course, the great hotel ; but further down the street was another, not much inferior, the Patriot. Thero was much plato glass about this hotel, and a certain air of freedom and openness that well accorded with tho idea of patriotism. And who, of all men, think you, was landlord of tho Patriot ? Who, but our esteemed friend Bunakum, tho gront thinker; tho mighty speaker. Thero lie stood at the door as largo as life, descanting upon tho political questions of tho day. He had changed but very little; his attire was still loose, and ungraceful — great minds aro not troubled about such trifling matters — and tho mark of brandy was upon his face. Ho was, however, a triflo stouter! and, on tho whole, looked a more responsible and respcctablo person. Bunakum hail several reasons for standing at his door. Tho primary ono was that which prompts tho spider to wait at tho outside of his net to Boizo upon the silly flies that may como within his reaoh. Bunakum know everyone, and therefore it would bo thought mean of anyono whom ho saluted, not to go within and havo a drink. Thon Bunakum's oratory was of such a land, that ho must bo a hard- hearted, oloso-flsted wretch, who refused to 'shout.' Thoro wero no doubt, other reasons why Bunakum stood outsido; but tho ono is suflioient. Beyond taking his drink at tho bar, ho did littlo inside. He had provided a fair tomplrcss there, who was quito able to detain tlio flies, onco he hnd inveigled thoni past tho doorstop. This fair charmer was named Maggie — her surname no ono know. Maggio was voluptuously beautiful, had soft clear skin, vory taking, though prominent features; asplondidcarriago; and glossy black hair which was done up every day in a now and entrancing style. As sho novcr declared herself in favor of any of hor numerous swains in particular, it may bo taken for granted that sho was very popular. To many of tho rough, hardworking minors, she was a sort of ' revelation,' and their thoughts by dayi thoir dreamB by night, wero about tho beautiful siron. . ? ? Whon tho Gritty Gully Tmnipetjhad fallen into tho hands of Hector Mncinnis, and Bunakum was thrown again upon tho world, his friends, Heotor included, came to tho con clusion, that abovo all things, ho was suited to becomo a landlord. Under this impression they fued him in tho Patriot Hotel, and ho fully justified their good opinion. He talked bombast with his oustomors all day, and at night drank until consciousness was lost, when his able mansorvant trundled him off to bed to sleep away the fumes of brandy. So Bunakum lived ? and prospored, and mado money, although it was ovidont from his way of lifo, and tho quantity of ardent spirits he drank, that an insuranco ovor his lifo would not bo a safe one. How ho had managed to lasi so long was n wonder oven to his friends. , ' Gentlemen,' said Bunakum, solemnly, ' Thcro can bo no doubt tho present is ono of the great crisisbs of Grit. Do I not remem ber that glorious era whon the Gritty Gully Trumpet was established, which drovo tho tyrant of this field, tho Commissioner, off the placo, and mode him eventually resign his position ? And now ho returns to. seek your suffrages — tho man who trod upon you in tho days that are past. Gentlemen, if ho is elected, I humbly bog you to have me buried in tho deepest gravo in the Baok Creek Ceme tery ; there lot mo rest in peace. Death sooner than disgrace. How can I livo and see this villain triumph ovor tho men of Grit. Ho is of that patty which would hound you down. Ho is a nomineo of tho squatters. Such men as ho shut up the lands which we should hava had. Why have not I a piecp of my nativo earth? Because they conspired against me, and drovo mo into tho publio lino, The oligarchs did it, gontlomen, the vile oligarchs. T,hoy'vo Bwallowod us up, and ho's their tool. Down with him, or bury mo! And who stands against him? Hector Macinnis, gentlemon, tho noblo Heotor, who has championed your cause, who has mado tho Gritty Gully Trumpet rcspeoted through out the land. Ho must be roturned. ' All,' continued Bunaknm, noticing a group ap proaching, ' How aro you, Jack ? Glad to Bee yon, gentlemen.' ' Tho group consisted of ft number of yonng miners, who wore taking a stroll down the Parade beforo going on tho night shift. They were all strong, handsome, manly fellows ; but the centra flguro was tho most striking. Ho was a strong, but gracefully-formed young follow ; rather tall, but so splendidly propor tioned, that thero was nothing awkward in his appearance. His faco was opon and manly, and waB graced with a short brown beard, crisp and curly. His dress^ — a white tightly-fitting moleskin trowBOrs, secured with a scarf, and a red Crimean shirt — sot off his finely-formed limbs to great advantago. Perhaps his greatest attraotion, howover, was a very genial smile, that lit liis face liko a gleam of sunBhino, and roguish, pleasant oyes, whoso twinkle wont straight to tho heart of everyone. This was none other than our hero, Jack. Few young maidens with hearts to let, could resist this samo attractivo young fellow. ' , ? Jack was on pretty fair torms with his father, although ho did not live with him. The great sorrow of his early days had been washed away by the waves of time, and, save an occasional fit of sadness, when he passed tho spot whero had been tho tent in which his mother had come to so terrible an end, now occupied by a splendid store; or when he gazed on hor lowly gravo in the now unused cemetery — for ft now ono had been formed about a mile out of town — there was no recol lection of tho past. Somo pooplo said ho was a sad dog, very fond of womankind, and very much in love with Bertha, the daughter of tho rioh quartz miner, Mr. White, who was now the wealthiest man on tho goldfield of Grit. ? It may bo mentioned that the Patriot hotel had three distinot missions to fulfil in Grit. There was, first tho bar, which was indiscri minately tho gathering ground for loafers, politicians,and the general public — particularly tho young and impressible, who came to gaze on Maggie's charms. Then there wero two snug parlors, whero young men could play at that fascinating and essentially Gritty game, ' Yankeo grab ' for drinks, and nionoy, if they liked, whilo smiles of Maggie fully mado up for the lover's sorrows. Behind this there was a select room, whoro gamblers of higher degreo in sin, wo mean, assembled daily and nightly to loo and be looed, varying the entertainment with poker, hazard and tho liko. Thero was also a billiard room, and a largo hall whoro tho boarders dined, and whero groat meetings wero held. Bunakum had a special forto for getting up meetings; and, as. they brought much gain to the establishment, it may well be imagined he did not let tho institution die out. ? Eeadors ol the Bible will remember a passago whoro a wiso captain divided his troops, so that if the adversaries escaped ono or two companies, thoy wore sure to fall into tho hands of tho third or fourth. Upon these principles, Bnnakum proceeded. Those who escaped the bar, wero seized by tho littlo back room and Yankeo grab; thoso who passed through the bar and Yankeo grab ordeals woro certain to fall into tho ' select room' and loo ; so that none escaped. A judicious' division of forces is of incalculable value. But what was to bo dono with that rapidly-increasing scotion of adversaries known as-tho teetotallers, who, thanks to the untiring efforts of Obadiah Swoetcomfort, wero becoming a power in Grit? Tho meeting- hall caught them, so that every adversary was proporly provided for. It may bo as well to explain hero, that tho temperance movement was originated in Grit by Obadiah'B respected father. The publican party grow so ntrong, that it struck that worthy another party^ could bo raised up in opposition, and bo of % value to tho men who gave, it life. Theroforo he formed the United Sociable Sooiety of Liquor Abominators, Gritty Gully District, of which ho became the Worshipful Grand Honorable Worthy Head Master; so that -ho was known in Grit as Obadidh Sweetcomfort, Esq., W. G. H. W. H. M. of the U. S. S. 0. L. A., G. G. D. This society, having so much of moral weight on its side, did becomo a power ; and tho worthy founder thought himself booked for a scat in parlia ment, when the incident wo have alluded to occurred, and ho was sent to tho next world to start ft teetotal society there. Great was tho rejoicing of tho other party, who now thought their troubles over. Their gladness, however, was of short dura tion ; for Obadiah Sweetcomfort, jun., moro than took his father's place, and so vigorously oontostod the battle, that three letters wero added to his title, and ho hnd already drafted out a Permissive Bill that made tho publicans fairly shako in their shoos. Bunakum was the greatest opponent of this movement, which ho characterised as an attempt of tho ConW missionor, although that gentleman had left Grit— to interfero with tho liberty of tho subject. Ho throw tho ' grand old namo of liberty' pretty successfully in the faces of tho tco-totallorfl. His followers dcolarod pcoplo woro not ripe for a Permissive Bill. Nor woro thoy likely to bo, so long ns drinking habits wero encouraged by suoh men as Bunakum, ' I hope, Jack,' said Bunakum, ' that you aro sound upon tho question at issue, which will bo deoided to-morrow. Novcr was thero a contest so frought with consoquencca as that upon which wo havo now entered.' ' Always harping upon tho samo thing, old man,' said Willio Goderich, Jack's mato, a lithe, hnndsomo, dovil-may-caro young follow. ' You dopond wo-'ro all with you.' 'Will you 800 tho liberty of tho subject trampled upon ?' said Bunakum, stamping on tho ground as if liberty was beneath his feet. ' No I' was tho reply. 'Will you see tho country overriden by proud aquattors ?' 'No!' 'Will you bo bound hand and foot by Obadiah Sweetcomfort and his waterdrink ers?' ? 'No!' ' Talking of that,' said, Willio, with a light laugh, 'I don't think wo should stand hero and tako a shinglo off Bunakum's roof. What' do you say, boys — a shilling in, and tho winner shouts ?' All assented. Jack did not liko to hold out, but it was ovidont ho would havo preferred to have gone on. It was with a sort of savago solf-voxation that ho followed tho bthors. Ho was perfeotly conscious that all his money went in ' grabbing,' and that ho lived in a hand-to-mouth way, becauso ho hadn't strength to refuse. Ho know Obadiah had gathered monoy together by living steadily, and that ho was in a far bettor position than himself. How could ho over hopo to bo nblo to ask Bertha of old White, if ho went on in this way, spending moro than ho earned, in folly ? A fellow could not save muoh on £2 5s. a weok, but ho would save less if ho in dulged in ' yankeo grab.' This abominable Bystem of 'shaking' and 'shouting' was ruining him. But, although ho knew it was wrong, ho went in. Wo ofton are perfectly conscious wo aro doing wrong, but lack the power to hold baok, Company leads us into ovil, and wo seem powerless to resist. Thoro was also another reason why Jack did not want to go in. It was woll known in Grit that Maggio was 'struck' on Jack. Now Jaok was very impressible; and, al though his early fancy forBortha had ripened iaip a passionato attachment, ho could not resist being loved by a woman, at whoso feet all liis companions wero ready to fall down and worship. A young man finds it very difficult to resist tho admiration of ft pretty girl. It was quite evident, whon Jack went in, that Maggie mado an exception in his favor. In stead of oasting similar smiles around, sho gavo hor sweotest to Jack, and took his hand. Willio at onoo called for ' her bonos,' which, of course, resulted in tho usual chaff. Jack wanted to havo tho shako in front of the bar, but Maggio and tho others at onco demanded it should take placo in the littlo room. So they, went in, and Maggie held Jaok's hand and 'talked soft nothings to him, whilo tho rest shook off. . ' Soventeon's tho main,' said Willie, hand ing Jaok tho box at the close of tliojentertain ment. ' There, Jack, beat that, and lot Maggio go for tho present.' ' I'll throw for him,' said Maggie, and sho »\Y-rt/»nn/lo/l til dnvtni'Imielif r«nnit\nln4-rt flirt fli/»rt Two sixes woro managed the first time, and tho final throw brought up Bix, at which thero was considerable oheoring. Thon Willio at onco proposed a ' dry shako,' that is, one without drinks. Jack knew himsolf booked. All his resolutions to givo up dico-throwing and cards wero scattered to tho winds, and there he stayed a willing victim to the oharms of Maggie and the dice-box. Not but that Jack knew ho was losing time and money. Ho know it too woll, but had not tho power to resist, for it would be unpleasant and unsociable. How skilfully Maggio attended to tho com pany, and Jack in particular; how carefully she saw that too many dry shakes did not take placo. It is to bo presumed tho fellows* sat down expecting to win something, but in that they wero disappointed. ' Tho house' swallowed all the winnings, and a good deal moro. It is the case in all publichouso gambling, that the players rise np pooror than they sat down, whichever way fortuno. may turn ; poorer in pocket, poorer in health. But they havo been nmused. How intently Maggio looked at Jack tho while. She felt in her soul that she loved him as she had nover loved another man, and her affaires de occur had not been fow. How delightful it would be, thought Maggie, as she gazed on his honest handsomo face, and sturdy form, to havo a husband liko him — in fact, to own him as h« property. And Maggio did not think that was difficult. Sho knew Jaok liked her. Of course, thoro was tho love affair with Bertha, but thon Maggio considered that Bertha's fathor was rioh, and would never dream of an alliance with the young miner, who worked in ono of his best claims — tho Hesperus Extended. So, on the -whole, sho felt very easy. Thero was a slight divertisemont when Hector Macinnis, Bunakum, and several other leading characters passed through to have a look at tho hall and seo tho -'preparations for tho monster meeting that was to be held there that night. There was a slight effusion of red in Hectors's face as ho noticed Jack, and tho lattor's countenance darkened. Though years had elapsed, Jaok never could forgot the past as regarded Hector ; that ho was primarily responsible for what had occurred. And thcro always appeared to bo a shadow over this man. Ho had aged vory much ; he was gravo and studious in appearance, but that might havo been caused by the thought ho had to give to that now great organ of public opinion, the Gritty Gully Trumpet. Still, neither he, nor Jack could over get rid 'of a feeling* of bitter antagonism. Though Jack did not care sixponco about politics, ho had entered into tho- present contost with spirit, and taken up the sido of the Commissioner, Mr. Miall, seek ing to obtain tho votos of his fellow-workers against Hector. Still tho play wont on, and Jack lost, until his laBt shilling was gono. Then he throw the dice-box away from him in a sort of rage ' I won't play any more,' said Jack, just as he heard tho Bunakum party, after examining tho hall, settle down to a game of loo in the select room — 'I'm stumped.' ' Go on,' said Willio, ' I'll lend you somo.' ? 'I'll lend you some, Jack,' said Maggie, pressing his hand. . . . ' No, I won't borrow,' said Jack, with an unusual firmness ; . ' I'll try my luck to morrow.' .''-?'?? ..??-'. :'..-? ? ? ' ? ' Oh, go on,' said tho party, ' we'll'- trust you.' . ' : ?; ?- . 'No,'' said Jack, with a grim determina tion. 'Besides, it's thno to go to work; it's after four.' '.-???. Reluctantly enough tho party withdrew, and, after Jack had squeozod Maggie's hand, they 'departed to go on the night shift. ' Jaok is going against mo,' Baid Hector to Bunakum, just after tho latter had been looed for £i 7s. 6d. 'Yes,' said Bunaltum, dealing the cards, 'but -I don't think he can do much except amongst hid own lot.' 'I wish ho had cleared out-of tho district,' said Hector, in a low tono. ' Oh, ho'll bo cleared out soon enough,' said Bnnakum, dexterously turning up a trump that suited his own hand. CHAPTER XIV. As ho walked out of ? tho Patriot hotel and stopped into tho rescrvo, Jaok folt not a little savage. Ho knew' that ho had boon doing wrong. Had ho not time after timo deter mined to givo up gambling. Had ho not seon clearly that ho was losing everything by his folly, and that ho would mako no progress in lifo if ho continued to lead so foolish and frivolous an oxistonco. Would ho allow Obadiah Sweotcomfort to riso in position and becomo rich, whilo his lifo wan retrogres sive? Was ho not moro gifted, moro popular? But thoro' woro tho facts staring him in tho face. As matters wont now, ho would noror bo ablo to ask Bertha in marriage. And his flirtation with Maggio^ — why, it was tho oxcchs of folly. Thcro is nothing that tends to dis tract tho mind moro than tho success of others, whon oncssclf is going back every day. Jack hardly saw a way out of this difiioulty. Ho Boomed to despair of getting sufficient strength to resolutely say ' no.' Besides, ho was very fond of fun and society, and found it very difficult indeed to resist their tempta tions. Ho was musing in this way, his eyes east on tho ground, whon ho hoard his namo breathed softly, ? closo ' to him. Raising his eyes, -ho saw Bertha — not tho shy, qucorly dressed girl wo introduced to the reader, tend ing her flock at Gritty Gully, but a f nshionably attirod young lady. Her face was round, hor features small, her eyes bluo and liquid. Thero waa.a certain aristocratic air about hor that had been acquired by living for years an tho acknowledged belle of Grit, and tho daughtor of its richest citizen. But the dear girl had not been spoiled altogether. Thero was still the samo frank, fearless spirit in hor oyos that had captivated the boyish fancy of Jack, and nothing that was supercilious ?dotracted from tho mild beauty of that ploasant faco. Tho history of theso two souls ainco tho discovory of tho goldfield of Grit, had boon singular in tho constancy of their affection. Jack had continued to struggle . on, working away, and generally careless of what tho morrow would bring forth, while Bertha had risen in lifo with hor father. Sho, who had often run about over this goldfield after her unruly sheep, aecompanicd_ by Lassy, was now tho richest lady in the district. Her father, having becomo a wealthy man, thought ho could do nothing bettor than to send his daughter* to a high-class boarding-school in Sydney, in which city ho had himsolf lived era ho sought his fortuno at Grit. So Miss Bertha wont thither, and learned all tho ways of gentility, had fast friends amongst that class to whom she had looked up with much awe in hor childhood, tho squatters ; nay, her bosom friond had boon the daughter of the gentleman whoso shcop sho had horded. In many ways, sho was disenchanted, and discovered that squatters woro like other mortals — no better, no worse. So, aftor learning music, French, Italian, and tho liko, Miss Bertha roturned to Grit, a marvel of education, porfectly putting in tho shade all the Misses who had attempted to rulo in tlio vory limited Bociety thoro. These, of course, revenged themselves by reflections upon tho low origin of Miss Bortha, but they met with very unsympathotio hearers in the young beaux of Grit, who wero attracted by Bertha's beauty, and hor father's monoy. Thore was not a bank clerk in the placo who did not think ho ought to marry Bortha. At overy ball or party tho most frantic efforts wero mado to win hor heart, but tho young lady, although exceedingly fond of flirtation — what girl iB not — mado no sign. Indeed, had sho been disposed, sho could not, for her fathor kept a strict watch over her. Ho wna proud and fond of his daughter, and destined hor to becomo tho brido of some gentleman, very different from thoso who now fluttered around her. His cherished plan was to dispose of all his interest in Grit, whon ho had made tho sum ho had fixed upon, £250,000, and thon to seek tho shores of his nativo land, whero ho would find repose for his latter days, and a husband for tho daughter of his heart. Ho meant that husband to bo ovorything that was nonparoil. Ho would bo young, hand some, rich, good. And so ho went on dreaming. . '' 