Bt Augdb. Up to the present time the season of 1881-2 has been dead against backers, and unless the tide tuns during the coming autamn the bookmakers will have a greater balance than ever at their bankers'. Geelong could hardly, be regarded as an exception, for an outsider won the Cap, and all the big money outright and in doubles was lost, so far as the public was concerned. Guinea's second to Bella-1 drum in the Midsummer Handicap was a performance quite good enough to entitle him to some respect for the Geelong Cup, but subsequently he Bhaped but moderately in the Victoria Cup, ana moreover was beaten bo easily by Courtenay in a rough-up at Wil liamstown that his owner did not think a great deal of his chance. However, he won, and won easily. Ween's was a somewhat remarkable performance, for he had been beaten by many moderate animals in previous essays, and here he ran second in a good field. Since the day that he carried about a Btone and a half overweight and so surprised his trainer by running third, 1 have had a good opinion of this colt, and though it cannot be regarded as a bril liant thing to get second to Guinea at a difference of 181b., I think we shall find that this son of King Cole is a much better colt than Borne of his performances would lead one to believe. Commotion ran fairly well, and reversed the Champion positions with Coriolanus, though I fancy the latter was Buffering from the effects of the Bevere fall he met with on the previous day. Anyhow, he went Btiff in his gallop, and looked a trifle light. An easy time for a few days may enable bis trainer to get him to the poBt in good trim for the V.R.C. autumn events, and if he should happen to have him in hiB best form, he will conclusively prove that the victory in the Champion Stakes was no fluke. Warlock ran moderately well, but Wellington did not perform up to the expectations of his friends; nor was Napper Tandy at any time dangerous. Duchess, who was reported to be a good thing, cut up badly, albeit she Bhowed some pace. Sir Peter ran well for nearly a mile and a half, and then collapsed. Diamond will, no doubt, improve upon the form he displayed at Geelong. Navigator proved himself a remarkably good colt by the easy manner in which he carried a 71b. penalty and won the Sires'Produce StakeB. Up to Bix furlongs GueBBWork appeared to go almost as well as the winner, but in the fast furlong the son of Robinson Crusoe had him at bis mercy. There iB a good deal of tbe Bame strains of blood in Guinea and Navigator, for the former's dam, Robb of Denmark, is by Stockwell from Marchioness, wbile Navigator's sire is by Robinson CruBoe, who is a son of Angler, and the latter is a son of Marchioness, Robinson Crusoe's dam being by Stockwell. My Lord, who won the Selling Race, is also closely related, his sire, The Peer, being full brother to Marchioness, while bis dam, Minnie Warren, is by Stock owner, a son of Stockwell. O'Brien has never ridden a better race than he did in the Trial Stakes, and I've an idea that he will yet gain a greater victory with the son of Glorions and Catherine Seyton. The dam of this colt is a remarkably well-bred mare, as Bhe is by Stock ham from Mary Avenel, by Lord Fauconberg. Here we have more Birdcatcher blood, than which there is nothing better. It was gratifying indeed to see Sir Thomas Elder's colours in front in the Grand Stand StakeB, and the victory of Guesswork on the second day was just as popular, and justly so, for the public can always depend upon a fair run for their money when the tartan jacket is up. Bruno's running in the Selling Stakes on the second day was in such striking . contrast to that wbich he displayed op the first day that everybody imagined that there would be an investigation. Mr. A. Inglis asked the stewards to call in Williamson and ask him to explain tbe running of the colt on the first day, but they refused to do so unless Mr. Inglis made a specific chame, which he could not do. On the first day the horse was backed by his owner and friends to win a considerable sum of money, and was never dangerous. On the second he literally romped home before horses that had beaten him on the previous day over a course which be is more partial to than a mile and a quarter. Verily the doings of some horses are inscrutable. Mr. Wilson lost £75 by purchasing him, as he did not back him, and received only the stake and £10 for the horse, £50 in all Courtenay won the Geelong Handicap rather easily, ana the victory of the popular rose and black was well received, more especially as the horse had been backed pretty freely by the public. I don't think Pell MeU showed his true form, for Davis appeared to be riding him before half the distance had been traversed, yet be could never)mprovs his position. It was only another instance of tbe glorionB uncertainty of racing, especially where favonrites are concerned. -1 never saw a fitter horse than Courtenay, whose oo&t; shone like burnished copper, and he seemed ready to jump out of his skin when Hales mounted him. Old Wellington ran up to his farm, and finished a good second, and Napper Tandy performed' better than he did on the first day. That the last-named animal is not quite so uncertain as has been asserted he made manifest in the Stewards' Parse, which he won cleverly, alter a splendid race with Baron von Mueller. Nobody, I'm sure, be grudged Mr. D. S. Wallace a victory, and I can only express my regret that the prize was not a richer one. Lucy'had the foot of hep opponents in the Steeplechase, and won easily. A boy of abontld years of age rode Skipper very pluckily, and got second, DUt he spoilt what otherwise would have been a creditable performance by severely flogging his horse when he hadn't the ghost of a chance of winning. In the absence of Mr. George Watson, Mr. A. F. Bradshaw wielded tbe starters flag, and was successful In send ing most of his fields away upon equal terms; Mr. Johnston filled the position of judge with credit, and Mr. James Wilson got through the duties of' timekeeper in a satisfactory manner. ' Although A Melbourne caterer sup plied. the.lnnoheom it did not meet .with general approval, though it was a slight im provement upon fqrmer luncheons at Geelong. and'probablythe caterer will make a still fnrtbap advance atthenext meeting. -Tbe acceptances for the Hobart Cup number 15,and as at least half a score of tbese should oometothe poet, there ehould be a most interesting race. From this aide of the Straits the acceptors are Swiveller, Napper Tandy, DoaetistxM), and Marchioneal. The other nineare looal horses, and as tbe latter Will in ail probability be' better trained t^^ueual, theislMdemmay keep the prize self .onHie iter, acWt Muraiis Iqgtnc&wbe; that The -Marohioqae* may be ikat mote reliable of the Yamma pair. tagif 5 8e?l&b.rS;£lthepaoe U not likely to' be ■..; :i josi ■ and this should salt the eon of Man byraong. King Arthur,, who has, .it is. aaid, changed hands, is one of the best looking horses in Tasmania, and has won several races this season.* Bis weight is only 7at. 81b., and Dongalston, an tandonbtedly Binart colt is handicapped similarly. Pyrrhna at 7st 71b., and West Coast at 7st. 61b. are moderately well in, The latter, last season, was qnitethe champion of the Tasmanians, and as Mr. Agnew'a trainer generally has his horses in excellent cohdition, I expect to see tbiB son of Cervus perform very well in the Hobart Cup. Meander beara a good reputa tion in the north, bat 1 should prefer The Marchioness. Yougogo was very badly handi capped for so baa a performer, and of the others The Queen, Stockwell, Arra Maida, and Baahfnl, all look well enough in. Eight horses are left in the Steeplechase, and all of them belong to Tasmanians, though Mariner j ran over here two or three times. Nomina tors for these two evente are reminded that the final payments most be made before 4 p.m. on Monday next, the 6th February, when | the general entries close, the Weld Stakes, and other races being amongst the events that have to be attended to. Those who have horses engaged in the j Lannceston Cup will bear in mind that ac ceptances are due at 4 p.m. on Tuesday next. Rochester races take place on Wednesday next The general entries cloBe on the pre vious day EntrieB for the Raywood meeting close to-day. Owners of horses are reminded that entries for the Benalla handicaps close on Tuesday next, the 7th inBt. The programme includes | the Benalla Handicap of 70 aovs., and the District Handicap of 50 sovs., and I hope to see numerous entries for both of these | events. The Kaarimba handicaps close to-day. Among the entries that close next week are those of the Wangaratta Turf Club. EntrieB for the principal handicaps must be made on Wednesday next, the 8th February. J. King informs me that he was not fined at Doncaater, and that he did not enter a protest against the winner of the Hurdle Race, though he stated his intention to do so. He admits, however, that he was impudent to Mr. Connolly. It is to be hoped this young jockey will endeavour to keep ms overflowing spirits within proper bounds. It was thought that the weights for the Australian Cup and Newmarket Handicap wonld have been poBted at the V.R.C. office before noon on Monday, but it waa past 3 o'clock before they were delivered by the handicapper. Ab ububI when big handicaps are declared, there was any amount of grumbling at the imposts awarded to many of the horses, and the general opinion re specting the production was not very favour able. In the Australian Cup, Progress headB the liBt at 9st 51b., and if he were as fitas when he won the Sydney Cnp I shouldn't want to look farther for the winner. I believe he is doing nice work, but he will not pat in an appearance at Flemington for this event of all events, as he has been scratched. I think the worst-treated horse in the race is Waterloo, who has done nothing to entitle him to 7st 121b. over so long a coarse, and Mr. Wallace has, I think, good reason to be dissatisfied. I think Hesperian is wonder fully well in at 8Bt 41b., for he carried 7st. 81b. and won the Metropolitan with the greatest ease by four lengths in very fast time. It is a most unfortunate circumstance that horses owned by men like Mr. Wallace do not receive mnch consideration from Mr. Barnard, while the Hesperians, the Elastics, and Buch like are generally favoured. Bos worth is well in at 7st 121b., and Falmouth at 7et 81b. reads very well; but on public form Saunterer looks better than anything. At the V.R.C. Meeting he ran like a real good horse, hiBbestperformance being in the V.R.C. Handicap, when he carried 7st. 111b., and ran second to Creswick with 7st 71b, Guinea, 6st. 101b.,being third. Now he has 51b. taken off, while Creswick has been raised 12lb., and Guinea 191b., so that he must hold these two safe. Coriolanus is fairly well treated at 7st. 81b., and Royal Maid is wonderfully well in at 7st 41b. This filly has not been within many pounds of her best form this season. When Bhe is, thai look out for a brilliant performance, and it may be in this Aus tralian Cup. Koh-i-noor is not badly treated at 7afc, and 1 fancy Sweet William at 6at 101b., Wjen at 6st. 51b., and Pollio at 6st 51b. I should like to know why Chnckster has to give no less than 91b. to Ween and Pollio ? To me the moat dangerous appear to be Hesperian, Bos worth, Falmouth, Corio lanua, Saunterer, Royal Maid, Koh-i noor, Sweet William, Ween, and Pollio; and Rom Maid, Ween, or Saunterer should win. Progress has more than he is entitled to in the Newmarket Handicap, for he should not have had an ounce above 9sb 71b. or 9at 8lb. I think Snrrey is fairly pitchforked into the nee. If Mr. Barnard was at the A.J.C. Spring meeting he most have seen this home perform in most brilliant fashion, bycarrying 8st 21b. and winning the 8horts Handicap with the greatest of ease, and he ran the six furlongs in lm. 16 4-10a. Then he carried 9st. 61b. in the Snburban Handicap, and conld not have lost had not Pigott come to the front a quarter of a mile mom home. As it was he waB beaten only half a length, and the seven furlongs was ran in lm. 32 l-5s. Conrtenay, 9st 31b., and other fast homes j were behind him. Now he meets Conrtenay on no less than 241b. better tarns! Aureola is another that is wonderfully well in, and all of Mr. Haines's homes are leniently treated. I like Sir Joseph at 7st 131b. and Dongalston at7st. 101b., and my impression is that the winner will come from Ttev&Ilyn;, Sir Joseph, Snrrey, Dougalston, Somerset, Aureola, Gunild, and the best of Sir Thomas Elder's and Mr. Haines's, and for choice I prefer Snrrey, Aureola, and Sir Joseph Diamond has joined' Mr. R. Savior's string. The weights for the Lannceston Cup ate j somewhat different from those for the Hobart1 Cap, Mr. Bond baring commenced upon a { higher scale than Mr. Barnard. If Fireball is himself he must hold rail the.Taamnnian lot safe enough, and probMdjfM "will prove the actual winner. He has had a good spell, and if in the same form .as when he won the Kyneton Cap he should be hardto beat at 6at 121b. , Mr. Barnard issued the V.A.T.C, handicaps ou Monday, and though'exception was taken to some of the imposts,.there is bound to be a good contest for more than ,ono event, as the distances am short, and it matters not how the wbights m " contests win nearly short ooursM. In the and King of Tru thing, «idf«ge rifMftt i _ _ andlntheSt Valentine'sBandi«p,Nadgee,' The Ghost Harp ofBrio,and Hrideeoftfr ag&fStaiSw; labor The consid _ track, neertfae. the side nearest „ ground hais always Jonathan hag adding nearly a couple of feet jaf lkfil on the whin nand of the track. mScatr'B effort in the Sydney Cap seems to me to be a superior effort to Mir. Barnard's in the Australian Cup. He oertainly oom mencea rather high with Progress at Oet 71b., more especially as he had a minimum of 5st. 71b;, while Mr. Barnard had a minimum of 6st Being only four years old, Progress would appear to be handicapped out of it, for in the first instance he cannot give Swiveller 71b. and a couple of years, and Wellington rpn have no chance at 9sL Mr. Scarr has taken a proper estimate of Hesperian, bat I think he is all at sea as regards Royal Maid, who. I am confident, is the best three year old in Australia, bar Darebin perhaps: and I've an idea that Mr. Wilson will again be able to exclaim, " Veni, vidi, vici," alter the next Sydney Cup is ran. Mr. Wilson has won the Sydney Cap nearly every time he has started for it; Mermaid, Savanaka, Petrea, and Progress having been successful, the three last in succession, and I think he has a rare chance of achieving a fourth. Of the other Victorians engaged, Trevallyn ia beet treated, and with this colt and Royal Maid so well in, Victoria's chance of success bears a most roseate hue. Beiladrum is fairly well in, but Coriolanus, Commotion, Snwarrow, and Bosworth may as well remain at home, and Lord Clifden is also badly used. I fancy 1 can pick the winner in half a dozen, and they are Royal Maid, Trevallyn, Onnild, Sweet William, Koh-i-noor, and Etna. In the .Hawkesbury Handicap Wellington heads the list with 9at. 31b., and he should be hard to beat with this weight, though Trevallyn with 7et. 61b. reads much better, 1 think ; and here, again, 1 like Gunild very much at 6st. 81b., ana Sweet William at 6st. 4lb. Courtenay at 8st 111b. is handicapped as he should be after the Geelong perform ance, for there he won by a length, and now the 31b. in favour of Wellington should just bring them together. Canary at 8st. doesn't read bad; but Trevallyn, Wellington, Conrtenay, Gunild, Sweet William, and Batbnrst appear to me to be the best upon paper, and the best of this half-dozen Bhonld win. It appears that the Geelong Racing Clnb would have been in the same predicament as the Victorian Club had it not been for the selling races at the late meeting. The sale of grand-stand tickets shows a loss of about £100 as compared with last year's takings, and I've no doubt but that the crashing at the railway-gate had a great deal to do with this falling off. The selling races, however, showed a return of over £200 to the dub, in stead of £10, as was the case last year, so that, owing to thiB cauBe, the meeting was a greater financial success than in 1881. The stakes paid over amounted to £2,529, and Mr. E. de Meetre received the lion'e share of this sum, £1,133 being the value of his cheque, £848 of this sum being for (he Sires' Produce Stakes, won by Navigator. He also received the gold cup, value 100 guineas. Mr. W. Branch received £320 for the Mares' Produce Stakes, won by Royal Maid; Sir T. Elder, £240, for theBarwon Stakes, Grand Stand Stakes^and second in Siree* Produce StakeB; Mr. H. Fisher, £205, for the Geelong Handicap, won by Courtenay; Mr. P. Glenister, £120, for the Steeplechase, won by Lucy; Mr. D. S. Wallace, £102, for (he Stewards' Parse, won by Napper Tandy; Mr. M. Loughlin, £87, for the Hurdle Race, won by King of Trumps; Mr. D. M'Phereon, £65, for the Trial Stakes, won by Santa Clans ; Mr. J. Whittingham, £60, for the Connewarre Plate, won by My Lord; and Mr. J. Wilson, £40, for the Selling Stakes, won by Bruno. It is satisfactory to find that the club has come out with a balance to the good, but is not reassuring to know that the grand Btand proved bo much less attractive than last year.. In the advertising columns of The Austral asian Messrs. Fenwick and Kellett announce that they will, on the 3rd March, dispoae of the Grange estate and the stud of thorough breds that were the property of the late Sir J. P. Bell. The stud farm consists of 513 acres of land, all fenced and subdivided into 12 paddocks, and there is a residence, stabling accommodation, and every convenience necessary in a large breeding and training establishment. The lord of the harem iB the imported horse Epigram, by Blair Athol from EUermire, and this well-bred animal can already claim to Wbeatear, Canary, Othello, Waterloo, Lothair, Sir Oliver, and other winners. The collection of _ brood mares includes some very choice specimens, one of the gems being C&de;&u;, by the English Derby winner Lord Lyon, from The Gem, dam of the English Oaks winner, Regalia. Another nicely-bred mare is Olive, by Orest from Keepsake; and Sundial, by Wild Dayrell from Miss Slick, is a well-bred animal. Legend belongs to an excellent family, for she is by Cathedral from Sybilla, sister to the celebrated Nancy, winner of the Chester Cup, Ac. Caprice. Oriana, Emeute, Adven turess. and other mam are well worthy (he attention of racing men. The horseB in training include Lord Clifden, Sir Oliver, and Cadmus ; and among the fillies theye are some by Epigram from the imported mares, which should be an aocLuisittau to any stud. It is proposed, I believe, to sell the estate and stnd in one lot, or to start a com pany to work the affair. The first number of the Victorian Racing Calendar has been pnbliBhed. In addition to the advertisements of race meetings, it con tains the malts of various meetings that have taken place during the past month; the names of various bipeds and quadrupeds who are in the forfeit list, a list of persons dis qualified, registered trainers and jockeys, and the colours registered at the office of the V.R.C. The case against Mr. Franck and others who were arrested on the Geelong racecourse, in connexion with the totalisator, was heard at Geelong on Monday. Mr. Purvea appeared for the defendants, and the case was dis missed, (he crowded oonrt giving a hearty cbeer when the decision was announced. . Progress was scratched for the Australian Ctop anlthe Newmarket Handicap at $ o'clock onTuesday last. Xtda stated in the Tasmanian Mall that Swiveller and The Marchioness were entered for the Hobart Cap, the former as a six year bid and the latter as a three year old. -If this he true, and the error was not rectified within the stipulated time, the entries will be void. 1 oan hardly imagine that Ht. Uoydqould make suche mistake. , In the list of members of oommittee of foe I ware omitted. .by* .1 / . _„Jo*©h Thompson has a^e emng® mente for a special train forifoasakTr" 'wfctck take place .bn IS * ^ next.; The epedbLwul st&lfi; p.m. an Wednesday. The W '.first' " .'Vt it.. ih i&im; i Stakes of 80 eova. Nominations foe the •handicaps close on Saturday, March 4. , > St Germain's races will take place on . Thursday, March 2. 1 < The Newstead Jockey Club meeting-will I take place on Wednesday, 22nd March. The •, fnil programme appears this week. \- -' Yarrawonga races will be decided on the . 17th March. The chief item in the programme i is the Yarrawonga Handicap of 50 sovs. I Messrs. Wm. C. Yuille and Co. report , hating sold Don Quixote to Mr. D. S. Wsl* lace; Afghan, to go to India; and brown I yearling colt, by Tubal Cain from Ace of \- Hearts, to go to Queensland. .< Finding that Segenhoe was growing very ! fast, and believing that it would interfere , with hie future prospects if persevered with for his autnmn engagements, Mr. Fennelly has determined that the colt shall not fnlfil . any of hia autumn engagements, and at half past 11 on the morning of Saturday, the 28th January, he was struck ont of the A.J.C. Champagne Stakes, Great Foal Stakes, and .Sires' Produce Stakes. He hasalsobeen struck out of the Ascot-vale Stakes. We shall not, therefore, have the pleasure of seeing the great gun at Flemington next month. With each valuable engagements before him, there can he no doubt Mr. Fennelly has acted wisely in withdrawing the colt, though his absence leaves the good two-year-old dishes of the autumn at the mercy of Navigator. The second number of the Australian iVeterinary Journal is to hand, and contains . some very useful information to breeders of thoroughbred stock. The South Australian filly Brilliant has . arrived from Adelaide, and ha9 gone into A. Davis's Btables. From the Sydney Town and Country Journal 1 learn that the brother to Falmoutb, . purchased by Mr. Gannon at Mr. A. Town's sale hae gone into Mr. J. Dargin's stable at .Richmond, where Falmouth also is located. The brother to Segenhoe has joined Mr. W. Porrester'a string at the Warwick Farm, Liverpool, formerly the property of Mr. W. Long. Yosemite has been thrown out of training. ' . Those who have horses engaged m the Australian Cup and Newmarket Handicap will bear in mind that if they are not satisfied with the weights allotted to their horses they will have to declare forfeit by 4 p.m. on Mon day next, the 6th February. If they do not they will be liable for another 5 sovereigns. Mr. G. Vowles has been appointed handi capper for the Benalla race meeting, the entries for which close at 9 p.m. on Tuesday next, the 9 th February. The DayleBford programme appears this week. Entries close on Tuesday, 14th Feb Wary. The Haywood meeting has been postponed. ' until the let of March. It has been decided that the opening meet ing of the Victorian Trotting Club shall be " held at Elsternwick-park on Saturday, April 1. The programme will include a Maiden Plate of 50 sovs., mile heats, best two in three; V.T.C. Trotting Stalfion Race of 100 so vs., with a sweep of 15 sovs. each, mile beats, beat two in three; and Parse of 100 eovs., free for all, mile beate, best three ; in five. This is a capital programme, and ehonld attract good fields, and a large attend ance of visitors. Double-event books have been opened on the Australian Cup and Newmarket Handi cap, and at first 1,000 to 5 was the best offer, irat the competition was bo great that 1,000 to $ became the prevailing prices. First Water and Aspen, Royal Maid and Somerset, Saunterer and Surrey, and various other selections were made, but no outright wager ing has taken place as yet. Fonr good horses have already been strnck cut of the V.R.C. autnmn events, and they are Progress, Darebin, Commotion, and Pell M„ll Mr. Lang was not at all satisfied with the weights allotted to Commotion and Pell ' Mell, and struck them out in consequence, ' hut this could not have been the reason for \- the withdrawal of Progress from the Aus tralian Cap or Darebin from the Newmarket Handicap. 1 fancy Mr. Wilaon is of opinion that he could not get Progress ready for such a fast-ran race as the Australian Cup is bound to be; and Darebin was withdrawn, 1 believe, because Mr. Dakin considered it would be better to reserve the colt for another race to be ran on the last day cf the meeting. While at Flemington a few days ego I saw the Derby winner, and though he was still suffering from the rheu matic affection which made him go stiff and gore on the Champion day, I thought he was lobking better, and it is just possible that Mr. Dakin may have him in- good form by the ' Lexer day. Kensington-park will be the attraction for taciM men we eftefooon, and ti a good pro sramme has filled well, the park should bo worth a yimt The trotting event will not, ] -i-i '-i Smith were paskengers by the mail steamer: that left for Europeon Wednesday. / ! TheAvoca racee will be held tome time earlyih&pril.; ' \ ".• 1 "1; ■ \- Afghan has-been purchased by the well known Indian trader; Mr. Warren, and I pre:, some this speedy ton of The Ace wdl go east < ward, whew he should help to keep np the \- reputation of Australian horses. Mr. C. M. Lloyd has named his colt by * ISaribyxnong from Telopea, " He® teko«:"M < be was No. 7 in toe catalogue. The filly by \- Yettendon from Mane Stuart, who was No, , ffl. in the catalogue, has been named "Vingtt | tmi" andthefiUy by Maribyrnoug from Nina, who was No 22, he hae chnSttribd ! **lPoo*ljoo." L< ,• There appeari' to have been •quanty of 1 webbing outside Hie toaWock ahH^on®. ) Qne victtm writes that he gtoe one tootoftdwt M to hack Lncy/ehdirecrivea ahtodagh toe Ibfct to wnULtot And r- r> -?-■ ' .14fc, Wl btotb BL _ atoetonhni „±mwr Jjfobi • ma,_ " ii m. JSUStMrmxitrA $r, r*fi I*, if _ TOo. wfflfi Ho t.d „—, ^ glssdlfemle it j ^*>!.*he*htole;of' , jttletoa.* ,r_ Jenntoy ; Bow t&mxr; l An»« tralian Cap—Progress &t; 3 p.m. on the 31st January ; Royal Consort, at 11.30 &-m. on February I. Newmarket Handicap—Pro* gress, at 3 p.m. on the 31st January; Darebln, at 11.40 a.tn>, Febrnary 1; Henrietta, at 1.55, February 1; The Israelite, at 2.11 p-m., February 1. V.A.T.C. St Valentine's Han* dicap—Cora. Australian Cup—Commotion, at 2 p.m. 2nd February ; Sir Peter, at 11 a.m. 3rd February. Newmarket Handicap Pell Mell, 2 p.m. 2nd February. V.A.T.C, Oakleigh Handicap—Belladrum. 