DIGGING LIFE AND REMINIS- CENCES. No. II. It is naturally to be supposed that in such terogenous communities or rather centres of population as constituted the goldfields of Victoria—men of every country, creed. color and condition, the man of ordinary observation met with much to interest, amuse and even instruct him. " Travel makes men acquainted with strange bud-fellows," and varying this one found that a residence at the goldfields brought one to know a very considerable variety of the human family ; furnished him new studies of men and women, and exhibited more of vice ainl profligacy than he had pre- viously dreamed of—on one 6ide he would rub shoulders with the unfortunate broken down younger son of some noble liouse, drink-drabbled, but some remnant o£ the gentleman, still showing through his clay-stained rags. On the other side the " t'other sider " the Tasmanian—expirie or escapee—it mattered little which, ever the same Cain's mark indelible—and ingrained, in their very manner, their vile life and conversation, to complete the picture file in the foreground, with rollicking runaway seamen, whose only criminality was a tendency to rowdiness, sequential a bad liquor at 30s. or 40s. per bottle. The American element (principally " Sacramento 13boys " or old California miners) was veiy much present, and had its salutary iniluence; for besides being generally stalwart, courage ous, smart fellows, they had a pretty trick of carrying a revolver handy for use, and with a perfect knowledge of bow and when to use it. I have seen them in a "muss" address the Court very effectively, and use argument of a most convincing character, and I believe that the " Duriventer," bold and reckless as he was with the digger general, was in wholesome fear of " Old Kentucky and gave him best on any occasion where they meet. Incidentally, I may remark that the only protectorate we had (beyond ourselves and our fighting-irons)—was a staff of police—old pensioners from Tasmania—half disbanded soldiers, half convict—without any rate from association in almost direct sympathy with crime, so that in all probability if you wept to them to complain of a robbery or violence by Van Dieman Landers, they would be likely to rob and illuse you still further. They were a vile lot; we lived in a very unhinged state of society, and none but fools trouble the outside of their tents by night, but stayed at home, said tbeir prayers, and (pracically) " kept their pow der dry"—very generally blazing at a sound or two just before nightfall, tbe object being to write up for the reading of any lurking villians that " Firearms are kept on the prepiises." f may say conscientiously, that in this description I am in nowise exaggerating, but better times came. Men began to know true men social organization or reconstruction com menced ; still, for many years, there was far too large a leaven of lawlessness for things to be quite agreeable for those who were abiders of law and order. Duriug these times there were many stirring incidents anil humorous events, and as in all communities some actors on the local stage came out in bolder ri>!i»f and developed special peculiarities or notable force of character, and some of these I may be able to revive from the limbs of oblivion and briny before your readers. Who that ever was a "diggw"—and I usethe word advisably as in contradistinction to the term " miner " of the present, and used a cradle on the Mount Alexander Gold Field or Bendigo, but knew " Bendigo Mac," as lie was irreverently termed, but whose name proper was Lachlan McLachlan, the stipendary magistrate of Bendigo a sharp, shrewd, man, who leaving Old Scotia with such limited education as fell to his lot, and a pinch of oatmeal, went forth to seek bis fortune on the bleak, and at that time poor, New Zealand Islands. He pushed his fortunes up to a stipendary magistrateship, and on the opening of the Bendigo gold fields, or as soon as the magisterial function began to be exercised vice the offensive and masterful commissioner renowned, Mr. McLachlan commenced his ministrations at Castlemaine, but the necessity of a strong and determined hand at Bendigo being apparent, he was sent up there, and very soon entered on a course of putting down the Rhadamanthus whom history tells us " . . . . durissiina regni liabev Onstigatque auditque"' was nowhere by comparison, for Bendigo Mac punished, but he never heard, especially if the man was a 'totlier sider, against whom he had a most implacable antipathy. He ruled, in fact, with a very high baud, and stand-for-no-repairs kind of manner, which obtained for him a certain amount of fear from the criminal class, and gained hiin a wide prestige amongst those whom lie was influental in protecting, and many a bit of rough-shod over-riding on his part was condoned in view of the fact that he was weeding out from our society the objectionable class, and if he unintentionally trod on the toes —now and again—of tbe respectable citizen, in his wild charges on the criminal classes—and he was a very Quixotic when he laid his lance in rest, and windmills or sheep were all one to him. The next jovial meeting—dinner in commemoration of nothing in particular—and one of these coming together would have been Hamlet without the Ghost if Mac was not present, he would at that happy hour, when geniality and good-fellowship are predominant, be toasted in bumpers, and in. reply would without being an orator explain himself, throw himself on the mercy of the court, &.c., and resume his seat the most popular man of tbe party ; it is, however, only fair, and a compliment due to him, to say that, from my experience, Sandhurst is indebted to " Bendigo Mac" for much of the good order which characterises it by tbe firm and fearless manner in which he dealt with the very dangerous social element of the early days of Bendigo. Mac had a special way of his own of dealing with mauvaises sujets brought before him. A man with a generally unpropitative cabbage-tree-hat gang appearance, which alone would satisfy anyone that he had gone head and heels through the Decalogue many a time, is put up charged with general naughtiness. Mac regards him through his eyeglasses curiously and attentively, " turn him round" says he, and the prisoner is placed back to the Bench. " Yes, just as I thought," says Mac, " you are one of a class &c.;, O'Neil take his brands," and away goes the prisoner, wondering how on earth the Magistrate arrived at the knowledge «f his conviction, and from the pursuance of this course of treatment he succeeded in infusing such a glamour into bis magisterial acts that the criminal class were afraid of him, and fled from him before his face; to explain tbe method by which he was able to " spot" the criminal class I may explain that this was a little trick between himself and his henchman Simon O'Neil, a detective, who " primed '' him before the prisoners were brought in; all the rest of tiie performance of turning aim round, &c.;, was only part of the triek. There were, however, beside the villains. the troublesome, dissolute, and rowdy class, and Mac had away of his own with them. Jack Adkins appears on the usual charge, D and D. The Bench relaxes into a smile. " What! You here again, Jack ? I thought you told me you were going to Inglewood." " Yes," (penitently mumbles Jack), " So I was, your Worship; but— beer—got into row, and here I am again ; but if your Worship give mo little time to wash up bit dirt (auriferous earth termed wash dirt), I'll clear out." Magistrate grimly asks, " How long will ittake to wash up ? " Two or three days, your Worship." " Sergeant Richards, see this man out of the district in three days ; if you find liim after that (significantly) bring him before me" (sensation in Court), and away Jack goes to turn up again in a few months' time for another homily. Another phase of Police Court life under Mac. A very dirty, flopped- down sun-bonnet only partially covers a badly-battered face, of what had once been woman ; and as she bobs her introduction she contorts her face into a propitiatory smile, or what the poor wretch means for one. Mac opens on her before any charge is read. Wh-a-a-at, Mary, you here again ! I thought you promised mc to give Melbourne a turn ?*' So I did, Mr. Maclaukin, but"—and then she spins a yarn which would last for ever, but is rudely " cut short" by tbe Bench—" Look here, Mary; there's not room in this district for botti of us : which shall leave?'' Mary expressing her opinion that she had better be tbe one to go." The sergeant of the Court is specially instructed to " see her out of the district at once," with a similarly dark threat about her coming back. The above are just specimens of his mode of dealing with these people. Sometimes he met with queer customers, but generally— having law and the right upon his side—he could talk, or storm tbem down. One Geordie Stevenson—a bibulous North counftyman—once puzzh d him. " What's your name?" "John Steavison," hereplied, with the foil potato-in-the- throat Doric of Northumberland. " What are you, sir ?" " Fm a gwunstun quaweymon," replied Geordie. " What! what's that ? " asked Mac. " A quaweymon,—what's that?" Again poor Stevenson labored through, and made it a grwindlestun qwhavceumon. The Court was convulsed, and it was some time before the worthy magistrate was possessed of the idea that the inebriate before him worked—when he last worked—at quarrying grindstones. That grindstone was always a joke against Mac. The poor old gentleman still lives—exists, as a superannuated officer—at St. Kilda. Another of the early pioneers of Bendigo, one of the lights of the earlier time, who labored to fashion the moralities of the community—dear old Father Backhaus —has just departed at a ripe old age, after attaining to the dignity of Dean of the Roman Catholic Church, which he adorned. He was the earliest Catholic minister on the goldfields, and one little incident will •how what life there then was. The church, a primitive and unpretentious building of rough slabs, with only a little woodon cross to indicate its sacred use, was too small for the accommodation of those who attended, and a large number failing to get inside, would kneel outside, and perform their devotions. It was a warm day. Bendigo—like Syria—was dry and thirsty land." Grog-shops were as ilentiful as blackberries in the neighbonood, an i under such circumstances it doe not take long to raise a row. I don't knar whether it was the Tipperary bhoy6 or tie Clare people who began the shindy, but there was as fair a representation of a fadion fight as the most ardent lover of a " r«w" could desire. The holy father was siandalised, came out and admonished them but it's not easy to stay a shindy of that rind with words, and sinking the priest in the man, he whipped into the chape, picked up a broomstick, and, coming out, applied the argumentum ad baculhum to such good effect that quietness was restored, and lie then returned and serenely resumed the rudely-interrupted services. The " Faculty " were to a man sad dogs, and tales arc told that the majority were never—well hardly ever— sober, and it really became more a questioi of sobriety than skill—most of them diank not well, but too deeply, and it is to be regretted, paid the penalty— their li\es. It was said of one man, of tbe somtwliat uncommon name of Smith, an underiably clever surgeon, drunk or sober, who was called to a case of serious accident, flopped himself down on the strefcher on which the injured man was laid, broke down the whole concern, and eflectaallj- destroyed all chance of repairing tae poor fellow by crushing him to death oi.trigbt! Some siddening and even frightful remembrances well up in the memory—the death of some poor wearied-out unfortunates, who had not the physical strength, or force of character, to keep up the pace, or who met their death by violence. One instance of a ghastly kind I remember—a man who was found in his tent stabbed to the heart, his right hand still grasping tbe unplayed portion of a hand of cards, the cxticguished candle knocked over, the scattered cards, the overturned seat (a block of wood; chairs were too too esthetic for that period). All told of a quarrel over a game, and its result The murderer was never—as far as I know—found ; it was nobody's business when the murdered gambler was buried. Rough practical joking — the lowest kind of humor —was indulged in, sometimes ending in bad blood. I remember a trick played on a German doctor, a sober practitionor, and hence not a very successful or popular one. A roystering butcher, Quin by name, and it goes without saying, an Irishman, with a kindred spirit picking up a very drunken fellow, beplastered his head with blood and slieeps brains, put him in a barrow and wheeled him to Dr. Waldock's as a shocking accident. The fun of the thing was to see the poor dontor gently fingering over the drunken man's sconce to find the fracture whence the brains had exuded. If one now goes on our gold fields grand steam engines of vast power with all the latest improvements meet the eye, crashing and tearing away at the quartz matrix of the precious metal, while it is fresh in my memory of seeing what was known as a " jumper" at work, which was a simply a short pile shod with iron, lifted by a stringy sapling, from which it was suspended, the quartz being put into a hollow tree stump with an iron grating, and thus the stone was rudely pulverised. To disintegrate the gold from it, an ingenious sailorman rigged up an apparatus, a sort of horizontal windmill having four sails, three of which were alwaj's " full," while the fourth was " shivering in the wind." A considerable power could be got out of this, but tbe wind in the gullies was hardly steady enough to make it readily available, and these and ether labor-saving contrivances died out before the great motor— steam ; and now hundreds of tall chimneystacks meet the eye for miles along the several lines of quBrtz reef, and by their smoke foil of thousands working below to provide the stone for them to crus ! i. One claim alone (The Garden Gully United) has within the past 10 years given out ten tons (10 tons) of the precious metal. NeBrly half of this has gone to one man Mr. Geo. Lansell, to say nothing of other successful mining enterprises, in which he is engaged, and therefore when you have monied that little lot out, at about £4 per ounce, you will have an idea of what "quarter millionaire" means, he is however generous in ratio to his success. I have imperceptibly wandered from the early times to a later date, and must work back to the " good old times" (aB they were termed) in some future paper. S. W. VINE*. 