sporting notes. By "Newmarket/ The Victorian Trotting Club will try their fortunes at Elsiernwick Park to- day, when a mixed programme, comprising two trots, two flat races, and a hurdle race, will be decided. If tbe Summer Meeting of the Wyndh&m; Racing Club, which was held on Saturday last, was not as successful in point of attendance as could be desired, the racing throughout was of an interesting character, though the results, in most instancies, were unfavourable rangementa generai?®- The racing ar by the officials. Mr. weii carried out had little to do, and did thafghs, as etarter, well, if I except % start Immoderately Handicap, which ocldtred in fifce Flying stand, and was prolonged to an unnetf the and vexatious length, owing chiefly tory starter standing in the middle of the etraithw behind his field, and unnecessarily crowding the eleven starters into a space on the ineice of the track not large enough fc-fcr half that number to get into anything like a line, the result being that several of the jockeys were fined, and, after all, a very bad start was effected, Stationer getting a great advantage, while Priestess was left at the post. On the strength of Power haying the mount on Buzza, Mr. Inglis's geldiDg was made a good favourite for the Selling Race, which he would undoubtedly have won if Power had made tracks for the winning-poBt when he had plenty in hand,, as he should have done, instead of pulling his horse baok and run ning out wide all the way up the straight, an act of bad riding, which allowed Lucinda to steal up on the inside unobserved, and win by a head, Pirate making a dead heat of it with the favourite for second place. The Hurdle Race revealed a dark horse— -who, by the way, was a grey— in Cavalier, who had the services of Corrigan, and as Monitor was his only opponent, the discriminating backer elected to lay odds on the partisan of Charles I., but Batty, who rode Monitor, was deter mined not to give the grey any advantage, and ran with his opponent until nearing the last hurdle, when the non- favourite dxew away and won by a couple of lengths. Six horses tried conclusions for the Summer Handicap, victory falling to Queen Mary, whose superb condition and indomitable gamene8S enabled her to beat her less favoured opponents. Stratford, the rider of Tamworth, was cautioned for continuing in the race after running inside a post, the stewards feeling confident that the "circum stance was purely accidental. The onlookers, with one acclaim, testified their pleasure in the victory of Coreena m the Flying Handicap, for, in addition to being first favourite, the daughter of The Peer is known to be owned by a gentleman who runs his horses purely for the love of the sport, and those who put their money on any of the representatives of Cragieburn stable can aiwaB reiy ujjuu uuvmg a true run ior tin Air money. %Some praise is due to Mr. Burrell for the amount of attention he has evidently bestowed on the mare, as I don't remember ever seeing her look so well. The running of Zephyr was a surprise, to many albeit her party were pretty confident, as the mare, who is in Connelly's stables at Caulfield, had shown them a good trial a few days previous, at.d though she was beaten, she ran quite up to her private form. Racing men who intend to visit Tasmania must not forget that entries are cine on Tues day next for the Hobart Cupi Derwent Plate, Alexandra Plate, Steeplechase, and Stewards' Cup. Nominations can be made either with the hon. secretary of the TaBmanian R.C., or with the secretaries of the V.R.C., A. J.C., or A.R.C. As the programme is a very liberal one, and contains several rich prizes, owners might do worse than try their fortunes across the straits in February next, particularly when it is borne in mind that the Tasmanian railway authorities have kindly consented to transport horses from Launceston to Hobart free of charge. . The Colac races were held on Boxing before a numerous attendance, the opening event of the meeting, the Maiden Plate, going to Alice, Argus Girl being second, and Chirnside's bay mare third. Warwick won the Trot, and the Christmas Gift was carried off by Linda, Havelock and Blue Light filling the places. January won the Selling Race, Long Jim being second, and Rum third. Ada disposed of Blue Peter and Cash in the Hurdle Race, and Nell beat Fairy in tbe Pony Race, the meeting terminating by Blue Light beating Linda and Argus Girl for the Half- mile Flutter. The patience of the Mayo party, which is known to be <( elastic," has once more been rewarded, for I see that The Gem, who has been quietly nursed for some considerable time, landed the A. J.C. Summer Cup, and, as he started at 10 to I, it is only fair to assume that those who were in the secret have made & nice little haul. An accident occurred on the training- ground at Flemington the other morning by which J. Kilduff, the jockey, was rather seriously hurt through the horse be was riding, an unruly brute, called Gaunt's Crono- graph, bolting off the track and falling into one of the fences. Kilduff, who was badly bruised and cut about the face, was quickly taken to his home, where medical assistance was at once procured, and he is now getting on very well. Those who remember poor Harry Horley, the quondam head lad of the late Mr. S. Waldock, will regret to hear that he died on last week, at Flemington, after a long illness. Poor Horley, who once had the entire control of the training of Calaba, Bordeaux, and Cast Off, was well liked by all who knew him, and at the time of his death was only forty- six years of age. The New South Wales contingent, consisting of Darebin, Narina, Segenhoe, Middlemarch, and Jessie, have arrived at Flemington, all looking splendidly. The racehorse Proctor dropped dead at Wallsendon Tuesday lasL Proctor was a most brilliant performer'bn the turf in Queensland, where he won all before him, and was taken to Sydney and sold to the Hon. John Eales for 1,200 guineas. While running for the V.A.T.C. Hurdle Race on Boxing Day, Pilgrim fell and broke his neck, but fortunately M'Leod, who was riding him, escaped unhurt. Pilgrim was by Patriarch, and was considered one of the cleverest jumpers in Australia, but had a leg, and when extended, in endeavouring to save the injured member, he took off too far at one of the jumps, and landed on his head on the other side. Pilgrim has frequently distinguished himself over the lesser leaps, and, amongst other races, he won the Hurdle Race at the V.A.T.G. Meeting of 1879, and beat a field of 13 horses for the Melbourne Hunt Club Hurdle Race in the same year. The sGn of Patriarch has also done duty at the stud, Merry Maid, the hurdle race mare, being one of his daughters. It is rumoured that Carmelite, who wag . foe Ajy.O. — Ofeek last week. Biirwiar Ogp. Tju wjhi fy of lb. G. T, €aroidite wjStitleman who effected saeh t Bobed8,Jifth Masquerade for ike lost clever sm. Mefygeting o! She Talbot Racing Club was >d last week at foe Commercial hotel, Talbot. Thete was a luge number of gentle- men present, and an influential committee was formed to carry out the arrangements for the next zaee meeting of the dob, which it was decided to held on Tuesday, the 20th February. Mr. Myers was appointed treasurer and Mr. Boff hon. secretary, and the following programme was decided on (subject to revision at the next meeting), via. ; — Maiden Plate, one mile, 15 sovs. $ Talbot Handicap, one mile and a quarter, 40 sovs. ; Selling Fiat Race, one mile, 20 sovs, ; Selling Hardle Rue, two miles, 20 eovs. ; District Flat Bace (for horses owned by residents within twenty-five miles of Talbot), 15 sovs. ; and Selling Hack Bace, one mile, 10 sovs. The Kensington Park Races, which were to have been held today, have been postponed until next Saturday, when. the final meeting will be ran off, and Kensington Park will be no more. Racing men, however, will be glad I to hear that Mr. Cox does not intend to j secede from the ranks of successful caterers ; of public amusement, but will only bid his j patrons au revoir, as he has taken a paddock i close to the Moonee Ponds railway- station \ of sufficient area to lay down a level track of j about one mile in circumference, and tbe ! worthy purveyor hopes in a little time to \ have a racecourse second only to Flemington.. j as the land is eminently suited for the ; purpose for whifeh it is intended, having a i natural hill on one side of the track, from ' which an uninterrupted view of the horses , can be obtained from start to finish. It is gratifying to learn that, not withstand- ing the countless other attractions on Tues day last, and the fact of railway communi- j cation having opened many new rural places < of public resort during the present vear, i where the more phlegmatic, but no leas 1 gregarious citizens could enjoy their ai fresco > luncheons far away from tbe turmoil of ; busy every- day life, the Boring Day Meeting < of the V.A.T.C. has been a success, of both j financially and from a racing point ; view ; but, of course, this beneficial result is : attributable to the bold and wise policy of < the club in giving such liberal prizes, and the fact of the Secretary, - Mr. Bond, being able to dodge theclerk of the ! weather so cle verly as to ensure fine weather f cr ! the V. A.T.C. fixings. Of the pleasures of the I journey by rail in cattle-trucks to Caul field ; very little need be said, except that the public ' — to their credit be it said — to a man, and I might also add to a woman, too, accepted the accommodation offered to them with j becoming graee, though some impatience was manifested by the passengers at the delay in ; starting one of the specials. However, this ' impatience was assuaged in the truck in : which I travelled by a patriarchal gentle- < man, who sat in a corner opposite me, < observing that it were better to have a slight ; delay than experience a railway accident. That settled it — and with a vivid recollection of the Hawthorn calamity before them, the racegoers kept np their good humour by ; replying to the derisive jokes of the by standers, who amused themselves by shouting ' Bah ! bah !" to the pent-up passengers. However, as each truck contained one or more Billingsgate ;wag, we managed io hold our own to the end of the journey ; but so satisfied were many of their - cattle-truck experience that they resolved to 1 return to the city by the road, and Gabby ; reaped a pretty good harvest altogether on j the return trip. The determination of Mr. Bond \ to keep the dust down inside the coarse by having foe land well watered early in foe morning proved a great boon to foe visitors, j The ,u books1 showed a decided aversion to foe 1 ring, and before half the day was over the : magic circle was deserted, and the metallicians plied their calling ad Ub. close to the weighing-yard. There seems to be a natural antipathy to foe new betting : enclosure, though why there should be it seems difficult to imagine, as foe ring is not out of tbe way, nor is the area so circumscribed j as foe spot where foe betting operations ! have been formerly carried on ; but I suppose j that the innovation is regarded as an in- j fringementon foe liberty of foe subject, and, as such, is thereforenntenable. " The racing j was commenced earfy-witb the Selling Bace, I Mr. Weeks being sowell represented that he was between two stools, and it took ; him some time ere he could make up j his mind which horse was to receive his ! confidence. When he did finally decide, the j time for scratching had expired, aod though ! he tried to withdraw The Ghost, foe official j " no" was imperative, and the speedy so nof Tregagle, per force, went to the post, and, cf course, won in a walk. The Juvenila j Stakes attracted ten youngsters, but j the race was only a canter for ! Duenna, who ran in a very 3&sy; | winner. That the Bailarat stable made no mistake when they went bald headed for Lady Hampden for the V.R.C. Autumn Hardle Race was testified by the easy manner in which the mare settled her field in the Hardle Bace. Mr. W. E. Darkin had ; Baron von Mueller trained to the hour, and though he ran fimepectably against b.s opponents in foe Gnristmas Handicap, and managed to make a dead heat of it with Coletoun, he performed like an arrant cur in the run off ami positively refused to try, and the son of King Cole defeated him eaeily ; but the victory must not be though t too much cf. as foe Baron did not run within a stone of his best form. Nevertheless, Coletoun is a t good colt. The Ball&rat; folks seem to have taken a mortgage over the V.A.T.C. Steeplechases, for another of our big jamps goes to the golden city, making the fifth win in succession, this time through the agency of " Mr. B. Jones's" Bryan O'Lynn, a racing-like son of the defunct Panic, but foe boy M'Gowan rode The Hawk so determinedly that Gorrigan bad :o battle his hardest to shake him off. Amelia Victoria had tbe foot of her opponents in foe Two -Year-Old Belling Bace, and | although she was knocked down to Mr. E. Weeks, I believe she was really bought in for ! i>t r owner. Squireen easily settled Trans- I inrreo in the Malvern Handicap,. and, &f;:er she run off between the dead- heaters in the Christmas Handicap, a retain , was made to foe city. During foe week there has been a good master of visitors to foe training-ground at Flemington, but owing to many of foe horses engaged at foe forthcoming V.R.C. Meeting undergoing their preparations at Caulfield, Wllliamstown, Geelong, and Bollarat, foe scene has not been a very busy one, and were it not that Guesswork occasionally treats the onlookers to a sensationalism, toutingjust now j would be voted very slow work. Commotion j has thrown away some of his soreness, and goes with great vigour afid determination, but Darebin does not prepossess the on lookers by the style in which be goes through his long-distahcsgail ops, and be is frequently j accused of his three-year-old complaint — railing about when the pressure is put on. Guesswork is very fit, j and foe most reassuring information ; about Navigator continues to float in the atmosphere of racing circles, while it is not thought out of the range of possibilities that something out of the St. Albans stable will I die exceedingly hard. Narina and Middle- ' march both look very fit ; as, indeed, do | most of the horses that are doing fast work j at Flemington. : The booths, gates, and other privileges in j connection with the V.R.C. New Year's Day j Meeting were disposed of at Kirk's Bazaar on ! Wednesday last. The attendance was large and foe bidding brisk, and foe total amount realised was £344 10s., being £22 in excess of foe sum received last year. Judging from the magnificent entries received on Thursday last, the annual race- meeting of the Vietorian Club promises to be a most pronounced 'success. In glancing over the nominations I notice the names of several ho:ees in the list who were thought to have permanently retired, but whose return to the more active scenes of foe turf will be bailed with some degree of pleasure. The Hardle Bace has attracted twenty -one of our best candidates, including Lothair, Andy Handy, Rhesus. Dhnrricshiie. and Ladv Hampden. Twenty-two have been nominated for theTwo-Year-Oid Stakes, and forty- three are engaged in tbe Victorian Club Cup, amongst their number being representatives of Vic toria, New South Wales, and South Aus tralia. The Selling Bace has a dozen entries, and the Steeplechase fifteen, while the Bookmakers' Purse has attracted foe splendid entry of eighty-two, including the best mile horses in the colonies, and : containing re presentatives of foe three colonies. Amongst the resuscitated ones appear foe names of Progress, Aspen, and Cbuckster, who do not care, or rather whose owners do not care, to let them take their conge without trying their fortunes once more on foe racecourse. The weights will be published on Wednesday next ; therefore, those having horses engaged will not be kept long in suspense. V.R.C, ScRATCHEiGS. — Kormanby Stakes — Tripod, Miss Glorious, Cumberoona, Manyong, Chloris, Mundic, Bronze, Yellow Hammer, Caller-ou, Merryjig, Tritonis, Neptakos, Breeze, Forward, Nepean, Miles, Precious Stone, Ringarooma, Over- again. Heiress of Lynne, Lyons Lady, Habena colt, Mandragora colt, Signor, Vistula, Dukedom, Entice, Finesse, Figaro, Privateer, Wollahara, Emily colt. Monsoon, Fedalma, Goldficder, Leonie, Tristan, Tabletop, Achilles. Cham pion Stakes — Toorak, Robert foe Devil, Bathurst, King of foe Vale, Lord Burgbley, Eva, Transferred, Golden Butterfly, Ome lette, Bassanio, Martindale, Saionara, Cetewayo, Hilltop. Midsummer Handicap — Sunset, Ericthoneous, Adventurer. Hardle Bace — Mameluke, Lothair. Criterion Stakes : — King's Son. 