SURVIVAL OF A MAN INTO WHOSE BRAIN A IIREEOIIPIN HAD PASSED. Tlif.UK appeared in the rotunda of tlio Wind sor Hotel, last evening, a gentleman who at-, tracted no littlo attention nnd cotament. Not that he was odd in make-up, or eccontrio in demeanour, bnt bccause ho boto upon his forehead, tho ghastly mark of a miraculous escapo from death. Everybody who noticed tho long rod lino, looked a second and third time, and looking, suggested that tho man had something interesting in his history. An in quiry at tho desk, revealed tho fact that ho was a Now York journalist, the editor of tho Gastronomist, and that his namo was John J. Kempster. Upon solicitation. Mr. Kempster told a reporter the story of tho wound. It occurred wliilo was duck Bhootingin New Jersey, on tho 23rd of September, 1880. Said Mr. Kempster : ' I wandered into tho marshes about a mile and a half from the littlo village, and finally obtained a good shot at a fiock of ducks who woro swimming in a shallow slough. I fired, and that was the last I re membered for some time. When I recovered consciousness, I was lying flat on my back ; the sun beating down on me. I knew that I was wounded, but for many minutes could not im agine where tho injury was. Better sense eame to mo slowly, and with it strength. I felt something trickling down my forehead, and, putting up my hand, touched a thin coating, that proved to bo mingled blood and brains. Then I understood that tho gun had exploded or discharged itself through the breech, and something had penetrated my forehead. I raised my hand a second ti|ne, and felt tho smaller end of a breechpin pro truding from my head. I immediately thought all was up, and commcncod to make my peace with God in prayer. I grew stronger and more conscious of my condition however, and in the hope of securing medical aid thax might save my life, I struggled to my feet. A heaviness, as if my brain cavity was loaded with lead, was all that I suffered. Every thing appeared natural to mo; the trees, tho shrubbery, and the marshes, and even the path I had taken, was distinct to my mind. I was even thoughtful enough to tako up tho broken gun and examine it. Tho stock was separated from the barrels — imbedded in my brain was tho absent breechpin. ' I walked back to the village. It seemed an age before I got thero, tho invisible weight on my head bending me to tho ground. I never rested though, but kept on, with only a vague hope for life encouraging mo. Whon I arrived at tho hotol whero I was stopping, tho people seeing mo, Hod as if a ghost were approaching through tho daylight. When I told tho clerk to go for a surgeou, ho stood as if palsied. I grew mad, and shouted to liim to find a surgeon or I should die, and then I fell to tho floor speechless. I was again un conscious until tho operation had been per formed, and the iron pin was taken off my brain. It was a bungling piece of work, two country physicians, who knew as much about surgery as I do of Choctaw, hacking and hewing, and sawing my head until thoy had opened it, as you can see, moro than two and a half inches. Then I was put on the train and sent to New York. Until unconscious ness camo to my relief again, I was in tho most terrible agony, my brain aching as though a thousand daggers were piercing it. I remember being placed in the hospital am bulance; the remarks of bystanders that I could n'ot live ; the jolting noise through tho streets; the ringing of the ambulance bell, which sounded like a deatli-knell to mo ; and after that, all was blank. It was several days before I came to, and well I recollect the first query I mado to tho doctor : ' Was there any probability that my life would bo safe?' Four months afterward I was once-inoro at my desk, grinding away as if 'my brains wero intact.' Whero tho breechpin entered Mr. Kemp ster's lioad, thero is a spaco of about half an inch in diameter, whero tho outiclo touclics the brainj and moves with each pulsation of tho organ. A cutting of tho skin would ox pose tlie brain. — Denver (Col.) Tribune. 