THAT LITTLE 8Q0ABE BOX ' " Ann ; aboard J" Baid : tho captain. (' All aboard; sir I" said tho mato. : Thon stand by to' lot her go." It was nino o'olook on Wednesday morning. Tho good ftnin'Hnnrfnn vrnit IvitSinS.gnfltnn Onav with hor oorgo undor hatches, her. paosengora shipped, and ovorything prepared for a start. Tho warning whistlo had boon sounded twioo, "tho final boh had been rang; Her 'bowsprit . was turned towards England, and the hiss of escaping steam showed that all was ready for hor run of three thousand, miloq. y Sho strained at tho warps' that hold her liko a greyhound ht its leash.- - .' I havo tho misfortune to bo a very norvouo man. A sedentary literary lilo has holped to inoreasotho morbid lovo. of solitudb: whioh, ovon in my boyhood; was ono of my distin guishing characteristics. ' As .1 'Btood upon tho qnarter- deok Of the Transatlantic steamer I bitterly onrsed tho necessity whioh drove mo baok to, tho land of my forclathers., Tho shoats of tha sailors, tho rattlo ot tho cordage tho farewells of my follow-passengers; and tho ohoera of ' thomob, oooli and all jarred upon my scnoltivo nature. I felt oad too. An in- describablo , feeling, as of somo impending calamity, ecomcd to haunt mo. Tho oca was balm, and tho brcazo light. There was noth ing to disturb tho equanimity of tho most confirmed of landsmen, yet I fellas 11 1 stood npon the vorgo of 'a groat thongh indefinable danger.' I havo noticed that such presenti ments occur often in man of zny peomiartom- poramont, and that thoy are not unoommonly luifllled. Thoro is. a theory_ that it '.arises (mm a) nutfilaa' /if uvnnil . iiiffht. - n ' Rllhtln spiritual communication with tho fuinro. I woll romombor- that Horr Baumor, .tho emin ent spiritualist, remarked on ono occasion that I-waatho most sensitive; subject' as regards supernatural phonomona.that, ho, had over encountered in tho wholo of hia wido oxporl- onoo. Bo that as it may, I certainly fait for from happy as I threaded my way among tho weeping, cheating groups whioh dotted the' white decks of tho good ship 'Spartan. Had 'I known the exporienco whioh awaited ma in tho oourso ot tho next twolvo hours I would ovon thon at tho last moment havo sprung upon tho Bhoro, and mado my ;osoapb from tho acourscd vossol. . . v. - " Tima's up I' said tho captain, dosing his bbrohomotor.with a snap, and replacing it in' his pocket. ' Time's np 1' . sale tho mate. Thoro was a last wail from tho whistlo, a rash of frionds and relatives opon tho land. Ono warp was loosened, tho gangway was being pushed away; whon thorn was a shoot from tho bridge, and two mon appeared, running ' rapidly dptyn tbo quay.. Thoy wore waving their hands and making frantic gestures, ap parently with tha intention of stopping the ship.: "Look sharp 1" shouted -the crowd. " Hold hard 1" cried tho captain. " Ease hor 1 stop her I Up with tho gangway I" arid tho two men sprang aboard just ns the second warp parted, and a convulsivo throb of tho ongino shot us dear of tho shore. Thcro was a'checr from the dock, another from tho quay a mighty flattering of handkerchiefs, and tho great vessd ploughed its way out of tho har. hour;; and steamed grandly away across tho placid bay. Wo were fairly started npon onr fortnight's voyage. Thfcro was a general diva among tho passengers in guest of firths and luggage, white a popping of corks in tbo saloon proved that moro than ono bereaved traveller was adopting artificial' means' for drowning tho pangs of separation. I glanced round tho dcok and took a running inventory of my compagnont de voyage. Thoy presented tho usual types met with npon these occasions. Thoro was no striking faro among thom. I speak as a connoisseur, for faces aro a specialty of mine. I pounro upon a oharaoteristiofeat- uro as a botanist docs on a flower, and bear it away with mo to analyse at my leisure, and classify and label It in my littlo anthropological museum. Thoro was nothing worthy of mo hem. Twenty types of young America going to " Yurrup," a law rcspcctablo middle-aged couples as an antidote, a sprinkling of clorgy- men and professional iricn, young ladles, bag. mon, British oxoluBivcs, and all thoollapodrlda of an ocean-going steamer. I turned away from them and gazed back at tlio recoiling shores of America, and, as a clond of remem brances rose before mo, my heart warmed to- wards tha land of my adoption. A pile of portmanteaus and luggago chanced to bo ly- ng on ono sldo of tho dock, awaiting their turn to bo taken below. With my usual lovo for solUudo I walked behind theso and sitting on a coil of ropo between them and tho vessel's side, I Indulged in a melanoholy roverio. I was aronscd'from this by a whisper be hind mo. " Hero's a qaiet place," said tho voice, "Sit down and wo can talk it over in safety." Gloneing through a chink 'between two colossal chests, I saw that tho passengers who had jolnod ns at tho last moment wcro stand ing at tho other sldo of tho pilo. . Thoy 'had evidently failed to sco moos I crouched in tha shadow of tbo boxes. Tho ono who had spoken waa a tall and very thin man with.n blao-hlack beard and a colourless faro. His manner was nervous and excited. His com panion was a short plcthorio littlo follow, with a brisk and rcsolnte air. Ha had a oigar in his mouth, and a largo ulster dang over his left arm. Thoy both glanood round un easily, as it to ascertain whether thoy Were alono. " This is juBt tho plaro," I heard tho othor say. Thoy sat down on a balo of goods with their books tnrnod towards mo, and I fonnd myself, mnoh againBt my- will, playing tho nnpleasant part of caves-droppor to thoir conversation. , " Well, Mailer," said tho tailor of tho two,, " wa'vo got it aboard right enough." " Yes," asscritod tho man whom ho had addressed as Mahor," it's sofa, aboard." ' "It was rathor a near go." i : ' "Itwssthat, Flannigon.1' , " It wouldn't havo dono to havo riussed tha ship," ' " No, itwoaldhavo put our plans, out.". ...! "Bulncd thom entirely," Bain tho litUomen, and puffed furiously : at his oigar for somo minutes.; , . ; ' , " I've got it horo," ho said at last./ '. " Lot mo seo it." ,' "Is no onq.looking ?" . . .: . " No, thoy aro nearly all below." , " Wo oan't bo too carofril whore so much is at s tako," . said .Mailer, : as ho 'unooitod ;tho, ulster vfirioh hung over his anri, and disclosed a dark objeot whioh ho laid .ripori tho dcok. Ono glanqo at it' was enough to, causo mo to- spring to my foot with, an exclamation .of horror. ' Lnokily thoy' wore' so engrossed' in tho matter on hand that rieithcr of them ob- eorvetl mo. Had thoy turned their heads, thoy, would infallibly havo seen my palo face glar ing at them over the pito of boxes. ..... . From tho first moment of their conversation a horrible misgiving had , como over, mo- It Bocmodraoro than confirmed as I gaked at what lay beloro mo. " It was a , littla , sqnaro box iriado ofjsomo dark-wood; ondribbed with' brass. Isunnosoitwas about 'tho sizo of a oubio foot. , It rciniridcd mo of a pistol-case, only.it was decidedly higher. Thcro was an appendaga to it, however, on whioh my oyos wore riveted, and which , suggested tho pistol itsolf:rather than its' ifccoptaolo. : This was a triggor-lika arrangentorit upon tho lid,, to whioh a coil of string was attached. Beside this trigger thcro was a small sqriare aperture through tho wood: .ThotaU man.Flannigan, o's his companion eaUed him, appliod his oyo to this ond.pcered in for sovorin minutes with an expression of iritbnBO ' onxipty, npori his 'faco. ''-j1 :-.'v It Booms right enough, " he said at lost, , , '' I tried not to, shako it,", Boid his compan ion. . Such delloato things need delicate treat ment. : Put in somo of the'- needful, Muller." /Tho shorter mari fumbled in his pooket for somo time, arid than produced q email paper pobko't; " Hb bp'onod'tnte; and took orit' of' it: half a handful of whitish-' srariulbsi whioh lib poured down through tho hole. A curious choking noiso followed from tho, insido of tho box," arid both tho inon smiled in a satisfiqd way. " Nothing muoh wrong thoro," saidFloiim- gan. ' . "Bight as a trivet," answerbdhis compan ion. ." ; " Look out I hero's'somq ono ooming. Tako it:down to onr borth. It, wouldn't do tohnvq any ono suspecting what 'our game iH, or, worso still, havo them' fombling with, it, and letting it off by mistako." " Well, it would como to the Samo, whoever lct.it off," said Muher. ' : ' "Thqx'd bo, rathor astonished if thoy prilled Uio triggeT0' said tho toller, with a sinister laugh. "Ha, ha 1 fancy their fools I It's- not n bod bit of workraonship, .1 flatter myself."' "No," sold Mqjlor. " I hear it is your own design, ovbry blt of it, isn't it?" : , " Yes, tho spring and tha sliding shatter are my own-" "Wo should take out a patent." And tho two, meri laughed again with a cold : harsh laugh, os thoy took np tho'. littla brass-bound jqaekago, and concoalod it in Mullorte volumi nous overcoat, ... , "Comodown, and we'llstowltiiiour berth," said Flaririlgon. " Wo won't need It until to night, and it will bo sofo thoro." j.. . HinMfniuintnft nHiumbi' And two went arm'iri-onn along tho droit and disappoarod down the; hatchway,' bearing tho mysjtorioas littlo box away with tliem. Tho test words I heard, wqre a mattered in jnnctibn from Flanril- gan foariy it eorcfnlly, and avoid knooklng It ogiiriBt tho buiwarks. . . , , . ' . HciW long I remained sitting on that coll of, ropo I shall novcr know: Tho horror of tho conversation I bad jnstovcrhoard was aggrii: vste'd by tho first sinklpg qualms of ,sea-alck- ncss. Tho long roII'ofithb.Atlantlb wao .be- , ginning to assort itself ovor . both Bhip and Easaongors. I folt prostrated in mind and in ody, and foh into .a state of cohapse, from whioh I wps finally aroused., by tho, hearty, voleo of our: worthy quattcrmaatiu;. ' r ,:. I'Db'-yori -mind moving out ofthat eir,' ho said. / "Wbj 'vVnijt to got this' lumber bleared offlhqdMk.,"..;, > . His lbluff;niannpr and : ruddy healthy faqb WomMFijWvi'imtivb insult to mo in my prtsont'oori<Iitiqh:1"IIadTbcon aoonragoouB or a musanlte'.miui I>eould:havu strnek him. Aa it woo, I lrcatoa- |ha honest . sailor to a molodrahiatio scowl which sccraod to cause r - him no small astonishmont,- and strodopost him to tho other Bide of tho dcok. - Sohtado- 1 - was what I wanted — nohtudo m which I could- , ' brood ovor tho frightful oruno which . waa being hatched boforo my very dyes- Ono of tho quartejr boats wsb hanging rather low - down npon tho davits. An idea struck mo, . ; - and, climbing on tho bulwarks, I stopped into thoompty boat and toy down in tha bottom of it: . Stretched on my baok, with nothing e brit tho blno oky. abovo mo, and an occasional - viow of tho mizen as tho vossol rolled, I was ' ' at loa8t alono with my slokncss and my thonghts. . I tried to recall the words which had boon spoken in the tcrribte dialogao l had over- 1 hoard. Wonld thoy odmit of any construe- tion bat tho ono which stored ma In tha iaoo? . My reason forced mo to confess that - they wonld not. I endeavored U array tho various foots which formed the chain of circumstan tial evidonob, and to find a flaw in It ; hut no,' not a link -was missing. Thcro was tba ' strango way in which. onr. passengers had " .. como aboard, cnbbiing them to ovbdo any examination of their luggago: Tho very namo of 'Flannigon' smacked of Fcnianism, white . ' Mailer' suggested nothing bnt Socialism and mardcr. Then their mysterionS manner; their remark that thoir plans wonld havo - been, rained had they missed tho ship; their' fear of being oboorved; last' but not least, tho. clenching evidenro in ,-tbn - , production of tho littla square box with - ho trigger, and thoir grim joko abont tho faro of tbo man who should let it oil by mistake, — could theso facta lead to any con clusion othor than that tboy. worn tho des- ' porato emissaries of somo body, politico! or . otherwise, and intended to saeriflro thom'- - , selves, their fcllow-passcngcrs, and tho ship, ' in one great holocaust ? Tha whitish granules which I had soon ono of them pour into tha ' box formed no. doubt a faro or train'for ox: ' ploding It.' I had myself hoard a sound comb from it which might have emanated' from somo delicate piece of machinery. Bat what did. thoy mean by thoir allusion to to night? Could it bo that thoy. contemplated putting their horriblo design into oxoeution on tho vory first evening of onr voysga ? ,Tho mere thought of it sent 'a cold shnddor. over mo, and mado mo for a moment superior oven to tho agonies of sca-sickncss. - I bavo remarked tlmt I am a physical ' coward. I am a moral ono also. It is seldom that tho twodofoctsaraunltedtosnohadcgrro in tha ono character. 1 have known many mqn , who were most sensitive to bodily danger, and yet wcro distinguished for tho. indopbn- . , dtmcaand strength of thclrmlnds. In my own caso, however, I regret to say that my qnlbt , ; and retiring habiU had fostcrod a nervous ' ' dread of doing anything remorkablo or , making myself oonspionous, whioh aicocdcd, ' 11 possible, my fear of pcrabnal peril. An , ordinary mortal placed, under tho oircum-' ; ; I stances in which Inow found. myself would., have gono at oriro to tha roptain, ronfessed; ; ' nis sears,- anaipuEinomsttorintO'.msiiauuB.;. To me, however, constitntod as I am, tho.idbit ; waa. most; rbprignaht:'' Tho thonght ofbo--'. roming tho observed of 'ah obsoivors,: cross- ViJ.i .; questioned by a stranger, , and confronted.! vyith two desriqrato conspiiritors. iff thq 6ha-7;,, 7 rooter of a eenouncor, waa hatelal to ) mqi'j ; ; : . Might if hot byj:somo remote possibility, ; prove, that I waB'inistalion ? What 'wonld bo', E' ; my foblings - if there Bhonld trim orit to bo no ! : i, grounds -for , tag aeousatlpn ?.. : No,' I would . . . poorastinato ; I lvonld k«;p iriy cyo on tha ' two' desperadoes iiind dog them atloviritum,.' Anything was hotter than ,thq posoibflityeof ,-j . being, wiong. '' >: . ; Thon it. . strnok mo , that .ovon; at ithat-. ' mombnt some now phasa, qf. tho conspirooy .. ;, might, bo : developing itself.'. : The. norvous ox- citomqnt seamed to havo driven away. mjrtaV-!' . bipient nttook rif oteknesa, for I wasiablolo ;,", standi up and 'lower myself '.from' thqboat. without exporienolng 'any returri of it. .1; stagBoredafong tho deck .with the intention of ' ; descending into tho cabin; and .finding how ; ', ; my obquaihtanceb'. of tho mdraing'Vrero dbbu-'" ' ' pjungithomsolvba.; . JuatusIIiad my hand on ... tho companiori-ifail, I .was astbnishod.by re; ceiving a liearty . slay on the back, whioh' . ' neatly shot ma. down , the jtteps jwith .; morq;., Baste ihari'dignity:'1' '."Is; thnt I you, Hammond?"' said 'a- voico'",- >J "whioh' I seemed, to, roeogaise. : , ' God' blobs mo,'. I said as I tamed round, it can t no iiioK' morton wny, now aro;r".. you, old man?"' ''d;' \- This was an uriexnooted pioro of. look' in . : (ispiidst iof my porploxitlqs. ' ' Diok 1 was just ; i ; tho mrin I wonted ; kindly arid shrewd in his. ;, nature, and proinpt' in his ootioris,'! shprilj ' havo. no difiloulty. in .tolling "hirii itty ,sris: piolons, arid could rcly upori his sound., sensa .l '/ to point out thoibbst 'course to.p'ureub., Sinro I wosj a littlo'. lad: in tlia second form at- - - Harrow,: Dtek had beqn'.iriyadvisip japd pro-i/ui, tootor: Ho' saw a glauoo that somethiug had '.v gonb wrong TOth'mo..1''1 ' Hullo I" ho, .said,.. in; hte . kindly, j way,;, . < i what's put, yori'/nhbrit, Hariimpnd?' : You: j!"; look as white as a shoot. Mai; de mcr. oh ?'! ' . V " No, not that altpgothor,''.' said' ii ..'' Walkv. . op and down with me, Dick ; I want to speqk to yon. ' Give mo yonr orm." '' : . : . Supporting myself ori ' .Diok's .'stalwart; : ' Irnmo,' I tottored along by his sido ; hut .it -'.l was Rome Gma bbforb I could mrister rosolu- .' 'tion'toisjpcak. ; . " Havo a. oigar,", bald ho, .'.breaking; tho: - . silence, ' .'V " No thanks, said I. " Diokj wa shall bo-' all corpses to- night." . "That's no reason. againBt yqurlhaving a " ... cigar" now," said Disk, in his cool way, but :; looking hard at mo from under -hia, shaggy . oyqbrows as ho spoko. Ho ovldently ; tllough| . :' that my intellect was p little gone. ''vv :r; /, "No," I contlnnod,' "itq no- langhing'' j maitor;:arid I spqakirisobcrcarricst/IaBsuro; i;; yon. ;;I .havo susoovprejl an . infamous cqn- , Bpiriwy, Dlbkj'fo dbSfcroy this ship 'dnd ovory. V; soul that is ,in;hor and I thqn.prooeodqd, j tybtomatioally aid in ordor, to lay hbforohiin tho chain of ovidon'co whioh I had oollebtod. ' : " There, Dick," I oald. as'I corioladcd, "what ; do yori think of that? pnd, abovo all, what . > am;I to, do?"- : ' ' To my astonishment ho burst Intori hearty ' fit of laughter,, . ,. :,'i; "I'd; bo ; .frightonori," hq; said, "if any fellow but1 you had told mb. as milch; ;You ; .always had a way, Hammond, of. discovering , maro's nests. ! I liko to' soriitho old traits broakirig' 'dut' ijigain.' "Do' Jrqu romraabhr - of V 1 ; -sdhool.howyou swore there was a' ghost !in ,r> the fohg room; and how it turned out to' bo , your .'own reflcotibn . iri tho mirror ? AYiiy, nisn." ho continued; 'f.wWt objeok would any, , ,i ono havo in destroying .this obip.? Wo havo ; no great political guns . a'-board. On ; tho - contrary, tho majority, qf . the passengers aro , Americans. Bestdqs.in this sqbsr nineteenth."., ccntuiy, tho most wh'olcbalb murdcrors Btop V at including themselves; irinorig ithalr viotima. ," Dopond npon.it, . you havo , misnndorstood' ; thom, anil' havo mistaken ' a photographic' cimora,1 or something equilly innoqont,for an ' , . infomoi maohino." ; ' ,, ... . ' , "-Nothing- of the -sort,' blr," jold I rathor tquohily,'; "Yoa: will lbam to ybnr' Cost, I fcar. that I havo neither exaggerated nor mih-y . interpreted a word. As to' the box; I'havo ' certainly .newer. before. socn ;ori'b .liko: it.'- It' contained dolloato , maqjiinorjr ; of that , I am , . c6nviricfcd,'fr'oiri tha way, in which thq mon,. handled it nndipoka of it.. .- , , "You'd makq.orit ovory.paokot of poriahahlo. : goods to bo a torpedo," Raid Diok; " ii that is toboyour only tost."'. v, ' " Tho man's namo wob Flannigan," I con. , . j tinned. .. . - > . v , - ; (OotUsludedin onrnexf.)- . ; i : ' . ; - ... ' 