4G0pNO&S;"^DEMPTlêN." "C" ; Amongst? an impossibly foremost amongst the annual musical celebrations in England is the Birmingham Musical Festival. That which took place last September will occupy, as long as admiration for sacred music exists, a grand position, mainly because of the production of a new oratorio, "The Redemption." in which the great composer Gounod's so fortunately to have; himself the superintendence of the first public production of a work upon which his fame will. probably mainly" costly future years. From the Jlfiisfcai Times the following report is taken : IT has been often said that difficult as it is to gain a reputation, the difficulty of maintaining one, when gained is infinitely greater. ' Never has this truth been more keenly felt than by those who have from time to time had the direction of the Musical Festivals at Birmingham for the fame of the meetings leaving been firmly established, not only at home but abroad, the, Festival Committee has gradually assumed the importance of a representative national body, the composers selected to supply new works for performance-being'presumably only those who had most fairly earned an honour so universally recognised. It is unnecessary here to say more than that a recent change in the management has been the cause of more vigorous counsels in the preliminary deliberations upon the arrangements for the present meeting and we need only point to the results in proof that the time has arrived when success can only be secured if thoroughly well deserved. The circumstances which led to the production of M. Gounod's oratorio, the " Redemption," at this Festival, and the exceptionally large sum paid to secure it, have already been mentioned in the Musical Times ; but not until its publication has the precise design of the composer been declared. The following commentary by the author, printed at the commencement of the oratorio, will, we are certain, therefore be read with interest : " This work is a lyrical setting forth of the three great facts, on which depend the existence of the Christian Church. These facts are) the Passion and the Death of the Saviour ; (21 His glorious life on earth, from His ? resurrection to His ascension ; (3) the spread of Christianity in the world' through the mission of the Apostles. These" three parts of the present Trilogy are preceded by a Prologue on the Creation, the Fall of our first parents, and the promise of a Redeemer." In accordance with the spirit of this announcement, the composer, as will be seen, calls his work a "Sacred Trilogy," but there can be little doubt that, from its importance and dimensions, it will be more often termed an "Oratorio." In justice to M. Gounod, too, it would be well to remove an impression which we have found to exist, that, because the composer has most emphatically declared the "Re- demption " to be " the work of his life," he employed the whole of his artistic life in writing it. The best reply to this will be again to quote the words of the author in a note appended to the printed copy of the oratorio : " It was during the autumn of the year 1867 that I first thought of composing a musical work on the Redemption. I wrote the words at Rome, where I passed two mouths of the winter 1867-8 with my friend Robert, the celebrated painter, at that time director of the Academy of France. Of the music, I then composed only two fragments : 1. The March to Calvary, in its entirety ¡ 2. The opening of the first division of the third part-the Pentecost. Twelve years after, I finished this work, which had so long been interrupted, with a view to its being performed at the Festival at Birmingham in 1882. The truth is that the oratorio sprang originally from the desire of a deeply religious man to colour with a musician's art the solemn events upon which Christianity is based and that although, no doubt as a painter frequently observes in nature materials which he afterwards moulds into a definite form-M, Gounod had often previously reflected upon these sacred scenes with the mind of a musician, it is only within the last twelve years that they have assumed the tangible shape submitted at this Festival to a critical Birmingham audience. As might be anticipated from the antecedents of the composer, the work, which was conducted by M. Gounod himself, has attracted enormously-the demand for tickets at each representation, indeed, being so much in excess of the supply as fully to justify even a third per- formance-and although its permanent place in the estimation of the public is now assured, it will not be forgotten by art lovers that, as with Mendelssohn's "Elijah," it is to this important Midland Festival that they owe the first revelation of its beauties. On Wednesday - the " ' Redemption ' morning," as it was generally called-the approaches to the Town Hall were so thronged that it was with the utmost difficulty any person not going to the Festival could make his way through the crowd. Indeed, within our memory of these meetings we can recall no such excitement in the town, and in the building itself there was not even standing room, many visitors who had come from a distance, as we were informed, and were unsuccessful in the ballot for admission, preferring rather to secure tickets with a knowledge that no seat could be provided for them than to return without hearing the work. The rule forbidding applause during the sacred performances did not prevent M. Gounod from receiving an ovation on entering the orchestra to conduct his oratorio ; but this corditd demonstration to a well-tried artist was hushed, as if by magic, when the first notes of the work were heard, and the eager audience became at once transformed into a reverential congregation. It is a proof of the earnestness with which M. Gounod has worked at this oratorio, that instead of satisfying himself with a libretto, prepared to his hand, he decided to com- pile it for himself, thus moulding the subject into the form which he conceived would be best suited for musical illustration. That he has thrown it into a dramatic shape is, we think, one reason why the interest is never for an instant lessened ; the vividness of the events being so heightened by the personality of those who take part in them as to materially deepen their solemn report upon the listeners. One distinguishing feature in the composition is that, although the incidents are related by two narrators a tenor and bass-their music, instead of being used as a more link between the several important pieces occurring in the work, is intimately connected with the most nielodiousandsyinp.ithetio orchestral figures, so' that the narrative is carried forward equally by the voice and instruments. The work is divided into three parts \- the passion, the resurrection and ascension, but the pentecost - preceded by a short prologue, representing the creation, the fall, and the promise of redemption. That the composer has approached his theme with an earnest feeling for its sacred character is manifest throughout the composition which, as we have already said, has occupied his mind for twelve years and in no respect is this more shown than in the fact of his purposely abstaining on his choral movements from any display of contrapuntal knowledge beyond that which seemed naturally demanded for the due musical illustration of the scenes and incidents of the religious drama. The exquisite theme which, in the fashion of the day, may be termed the last motif expressive of the redemption, appears first in the prologue, and runs, like a thread of gold, through those portions of the work where the mission of our Saviour is dwelt upon, reflecting on a J the hearers a sense of that holy calmness ' Ve and serenity with which He, in the divinity of His nature, met the scorn and persecution of His enemies. Apart from this, the melodious beauty, not only of the narrative portions already alluded to, which are in- cidentally woven in with the various scenes for there" are but few detached solos-but ,? of the rich orchestral accompaniments which form, so integral a portion of the work, appeal most powerfully to every ear, and will no doubt materially help to place the oratorio as high in popular as it will unquestionably be in artistic favour. It must also be said that, in accordance with the design, which the composer has steadily adhered to of preserving the continuity of his oratorio, the choir uses never assume the form of set com- positions which would be equally as effective if transferred to another work, but grow up naturally from the progress of the incidents and so thoroughly has the endeavour to faithfully realise the situations in which his choral movements occur been carried out, that, especially in those for the celestial choir, he has indicated exactly the number of voices to each part-a precaution which is productive of the happiest result. We have already said that the oratorio commences with a prologue, and this, although brief, effectively prepares the listeners for the events which follow. An instrumental movement in C major, beginning upon a tonic pedal, pianissimo, leads to a creeping, ascending chromatic passage commenced by the violas, and joined by the other strings in contrary motion, and this is succeeded by a passage of chords, the many chromatic progressions thus early indicating a feature prevalent throughout the work. The tenor narration chiefly upon B, the dominant of the key, at the beginning, is afterwards woven in with a melody for the orchestra; and at the words describing man's revolt, the bass continues the narrative, accompanied by a sequence of augmented triads in their first inversion, an unusual, but, by no means ineffective, progres- sion. Their tenor narration is then resumed and here, for the first time, a portion of the " Redemption " theme is heard as a violin solo, soaring above the notes of the voice with charming effect. The choral, the " Promise of Redemption," is preceded by the theme, now fully developed, and dies off at its conclusion upon a pedal bass. The choral is sung by the celestial choir, accompanied by the organ, and the excessive delicacy with which it was given fully proved the importance of assigning only a definite number of voices to each part. Part I. begins with a narra- tion by the bass of the persecution and con- demnation of Christ, with an appeal from the Saviour to his enemies pathetic indeed in its simplicity and a second bass narration accompanied with a choral-like theme on a tonic pedal. The march to Calvary, for orchestra, solo, and chorus, is unquestionably one of the most finished and deeply considered pieces in the work. To comprehend thoroughly this dramatic and characteristic March, it must be understood that the persecutors are here active, and the persecuted passive. The brutality of the pagan force, and not the calm resignation of the Saviour, has to be represented, and that this is most successfully done seemed tacitly admitted by the many who after its fine performance seemed inclined to break the rules of the Festival, and applaud it with vigour. The March, in A minor, is succeeded by a Choral in E minor, " Forth the Royal Banners Go" (the "Vexilla Regis product" of the Catholic Liturgy), accompanied throughout with an orchestral figure for the strings, which forms a pathetic commentary upon the mournful procession as it passes, the March being afterwards resumed. The bass then narrates how the women who followed "wept and bewailed Him, and that Jesus, hearing their words, turned and spake. The baritone solo which follows is, like all the music given to Christ, dignified, solemn, and replete-with-a tenderness of feeling which makes it stand apart from the rest, as in a great religious picture the figure of the Saviour makes itself felt, whatever may be the interest or importance of the surroundings. After this solo the march again occurs, but this time woven in with the Choral, in A minor, which is sung by the full choir. The effect of this fine scene was perceptible with the audience, although any audible manifestation of such effect was strictly forbidden ; indeed in constant attendance at the sacred performances of these festivals confirms our belief in the eloquence of silence ;' for we have often seen less real enthusiasm when a concert-room is ringing with applause than we witnessed on this occasion in the Town Hall The Crucifixion commences with a tenor narration, sympathetically accompanied the redemption theme again break- ing 411 with touching effect on the words, He, though His eyes are dim,'' The bass takes up the narration describing how " they blaspheme Him'," and then, after an ascending chromatic passage, an orchestral figure occurs evidently intended to be identified with the events of the Crucifixion, as we find it afterwards, in another key, introduce the scene of the Two Thieves. Then comes a Chorus of Mockers, the vivid ness of the incidents being admirably represented by the varied colouring of the orchestration as well as by the taunting character of the voice parts, the effect also being intensified by the recurrence of the Redemption figure ingeniously ( inverted. After the derisive Chorus of Priests, in D minor, and a brief tenor narration, the prayer of the Saviour, " Pardon their sin, my Father," comes with a pathos the in density of which is heightened by the Redemption theme, which streams forth from the strings throughout. The "Re- proaches " in which the Saviour addresses the erring people is not as a chorus in D minor, the accompaniment being appropriately subdued, with occasional brief melodious passages. The scene, " Mary at the foot of the Cross," contains some of the most deeply religious music in the work. The quartette and chorus, " Beside the Cross re- maining," preceded by a tenor narration, commences with a placid melody for the tenor, which is answered in the dominant by the also; a second subject is then introduced, the original theme being afterwards seen" in harmony by the quartette, and then by the full choir in octaves. The solo for Mary, "While my watch I am keeping," which follows, is a lovely flowing theme ingeniously engrafted upon the "Stabat Mater" melody in the Catholic Liturgy, which is sustained by the orchestra throughout. At the repetition of this by the full choir, the " Stabat Mater " subject is assigned to the organ, the orchestra having a sympathetic independent accompaniment. The sensation created by this truly sacred piece was again obvious, and there can be little doubt that it would have been redemanded had such concessions to popular taste been allowed. The words of the impenitent thief, preceded by the passage already alluded to was identified with the Crucifixion, are twice interrupted by a portion of the Redemption theme in- verted and those of the Penitent Thief, followed by the consoling assurance of the Saviour, tire so excellently contrasted in colour is to place the scene with all its pathetic details most vividly before the audience, the Choral, accompanied by the organ, well expressing the feeling of faith and hope inspired by the solemn tragedy enacted. The narrative of the Death of Jesus, commenced by the bass is followed by a graphic' instrumental movement representing the Darkness ; the narra- tion is then continued-interrupted by the appealing words of Jesus from the Cross by the tenor and bass, who unite during the representation of the earthquake, the orchestration-of which is masterly in-the extreme throughout. After the incident of the conversion of the centurion, a beautiful choral, inthe bright key of E major, fitly brings to an end the first part of the work, this impression upon the listeners, in spite of the injunction to the contrary in the printed books, finding vent in a spontaneous burst of applause, which was duly acknowledged by the composer. The second part opens with a jubilant chorus, the orchestral effect of which is increased by the placing of four trumpets at the highest part of the orchestra. The real sublimity of this fine chorus is scarcely to be realised by description, the persistent reiteration of the tonic and dominant, by the trumpets, against the varied harmonies in the vocal! part being thoroughly suggestive, in the highest sense, of the great event intended to be musically illustrated. The scene of the Holy Women at the Sepulchre is one which has evidently engaged the deep thought of the composer, and, although the utmost attention of the audience is necessary to follow the minute details of this piece, the broad effect of the music appeals to all with irresistible force. With muted strings, after a brief narration, the instrumental introduction commences upon a double pedal, the music, of a distinctly pastoral character, being full of a melancholy beauty which happily describes the feelings of the pilgrims upon their journey. The trio, for three female voices, at the tomb is followed by a tenor narration, which leads to an effective solo from the Angel who appears to the Holy Women. This piece, accompanied by the harp, culminates in a point of much importance, the music gradually ascending until, as the composer tells us, " at the words ' He is risen the melody and the bass suddenly move by the interval of a third, thus expressing that Christ, by His divine power, has triumphed over the grave and over subjection to death." Commencing with the theme of the introduction to this scene, for the first time in a major key, and still on a double pedal, after a narration by the tenor, Jesus appears to the holy women, His solo being partially accompanied with the Redemption theme. The tenor then narrates how the Holy Women fell at the feet of the Saviour, and the number ends with a repetition of the introductory theme. The incidents of the Sanhedrin were then carried forward by the tenor and bass narrators, the choruses which follow being remarkably dramatic ; the fright of the soldiers at finding the tomb empty, and the date of the priests when informed of the miracle, being admirably depicted. The concluding chorus, in C minor, contains some fine harmonic as well as personal effects, and worthily terminates the scene. The two narrators then unite, and in the trio of the Holy Women, which follows, apart from the excellent manner in which the words " The Lord He is risen again," are set a noticeable feature is the introduction of the Redemption theme for the first time in triple rhythm, a point not mentioned by the composer in his prefatory analysis of the work. The incredulity of the Disciples is well shown in a short chorus for tenors and basses, and this is followed by a lovely soprano solo, with arpeggio accompaniment by the orchestra, and afterwards combined with the choir, the effect of which comes like a ray of sunshine after a scene so exciting in the variety of its incidents. The tenor and bass then respectively narrate the appearance of the Saviour to the Apostles, in which once more occurs the Redemption theme, this time given to the violoncellos, and this is followed by one of the grandest choruses in the work, " Unfold, ye portals." by every. respect this great choral piece is a marvellous specimen of vocal and orchestral writing. In the breadth and simplicity of the harmonies we are occasionally reminded of Handel ; but a special effect is gained by the alternation of the vocal phrases between the two shows, the celestial choir, for sopranos in unison, being always accompanied by arpeggios pianissimo, and the terrestrial choir replying with solid and bold harmonies, supported by the, strength, of the orchestra. Afterwards the choirs are united, and the chorus concludes with the Redemption theme, upon a tonic pedal, played by the whole orchestra and supported by the organ. Again, at the termination of this part the applause was loud and general, a compliment which the composer was compelled to respond to. The Pentecost begins with a melodious Choral, commenced by the sopranos and answered by the altos, the effect of the theme being heightened by a syncopated accompaniment. This is succeeded by a lovely soprano solo, most happily expressive of tho-peaceful-character-of the-text,~the opening theme being afterwards repeated by the full choir in octaves, and a brief code A tenor narration precedes an instrumental movement, representing the Apostles in prayer, the principal phrase of which, on a tonic pedal is extremely happy, and harmonised with the well-known skill of the composer. The Descent of the Holy 'Ghost is related by the narrators, with varied figures in the orches- tration, the scene concluding with a brief soprano solo A Voice from Heaven with an appropriate harp accompaniment. The "Hymn of the Apostles," which ends, the Oratorio, has seven distinct numbers the first where the Apostles first proclaim the three great doctrines of the Incarnation of the Word ; the second a quartett and chorus, " By faith salvation comes ;" the third a chorus - His power manifested by miracles ; the fourth a quartett, " O come to- Me-;" the fifth a semaphores, the Beatitudes; the sixth a repetition of the theme of No. 1, with choir, orchestra and great organ, and the seventh a final code All these divisions have a specially distinctive character, and prove that the composer has fully retained that energy and earnestness at the termination of his work with which in 1867 he commenced it. The broad and striking subject in unison commencing the first chorus, which is afterwards repeated by the full choir, is intended, as the composer tells us, to recall the form and rhythm of the chalets called "Proves" in the Catholic liturgy. The quartet and chorus which follow is extremely happy, not only in the music, but in its applicability to the words ; the Beatitudes, given to a semi chorus, is a charming piece of placid harmony, and the final chorus, in which a frugal passage appears for the first time, closes the oratorio most effectively and with due solemnity. Of the por formance of this work it is impossible to speak too highly. The great choral points and gorgeous in- strumentation received a rendering which must assuredly have even exceeded the expectations of the composer, whose intelligent and decisive conducting was an important element in the general success. Finer chorus singing we have indeed never heard j for not only were the massive effects over power ugly grand, but the delicate, minute details of the colouring were so accurately observed that it seemed as if each member of the choir were inspired with a resolution to prove that in Birmingham alone can now works of the highest character receive an interpretation worthy of their merits. The singing of Madame Albani, especially in the arrival chorus, "From Thy love as I nUior," t& At the mt of wh out of tin has otl ott occ spy not red mc boy It am tho in her will of her fall flash play from real life and woe of Q the OXER ni 01 was especially good ; her whole heart indeed evidently being in the music allotted to her although there was but small opportunity for individual display. Madame Patey soner with a true artistic appreciation of the deeply pathetic character of her solos, and lent valuable aid in the concerted pieces at did also Madame Marie Rose, who deserves much credit for'suclmmportant co- onera-' tion. The-narrations-of Mr. Lloyd and Signor Foli showed the result of a zealous study of the music throughout for although it is easy enough perhaps to sing the notes of a recitative, it is by no means a simple matter to make the audience feel them as the author intends. In the solos of the Saviour Mr. Santley was truly impressive, especially in the scene of the crucifixion, where every phrase went to the heart of the listeners. Mr. W. H. Cummings, too, gave with much effect the solos of the " Penitent Thief" and in those for the "Impenitent Thief" Mr. F. King was thoroughly satisfactory, his services being also enlisted in some of the quarters. In? deed the triumphant success of the Rev! demption" should be a matter of sincere congratulation, not only to the composer but to the many who have so zealously worked to ensure such result. 