VICTORIA. MELBOURNE, March 24. An official inquiry into the recent railway collision at Windsor station has been commenced. Mr. Charles Barber, one of our oldest colo- mats, aica suddenly at Beechworth yesterday. A tender has been accepted for the construe* tion of a railway from Wodongato tho Murray! the line to be finished by October. A tender has also been accepted for a line from North Melbourne to Coburg. Melbourne, March 26. Sir Bryan O'Loghlen, who telegraphed to the Secretary of State for the Colonies thfc substance of the statements lately published by the Age with reference to Russian designs on the colonies, has received a telegram in reply, stating that the relations of Great Britain with Russia are of an altogether friendly character, and that the report is therefore incredible. The Victoria Amateur Turf Club meeting was held at Caulfield on Saturday, and was very successful. Hurdle Race : Glenrowan, 1; Monitor, 2; Little Duchess, 3. South Yarra Handicap: Sir Joseph, 1; Bar One, 2; Hya cinth, 3. Steeplechase: Actress, 1; Twilight* 2\. Richmond Handicap: John Peel, 1; Ghost. 2; Harp of Erin, 3. Eighteen started. Mr. Charles Kernot, member of the Legis lative Assembly for Geelong, died to-day. Melbourne, March 27. Superintendents Hare and Nicholson have both accepted appointments as police-magis trates. It is stated that Bryant, the Age informant has suddenly left by tho City of Adelaide for Sydney. Aspiring politicians are already making * rush for the vacancy in the representation of Geelong in the Assembly, caused by the death of Mr. Xernot. Mklbournr, March 28. Anil? nUi for, a now trial »n the libel action of Williams v. the Argun has been granted. Bryant is still in Melbourne, and contends that all that appeared in the Age respecting Russian designs on the colonies was perfectly true in all respects. Melbourne, March 29. „ A farewell banquet was given last night, in the Town Hall, to Mr. R. Murray Smith, the newly-appointed Agent-General for the colony, who proceeds to Europe by the mail steamer on Thursday. There was a most enthusiastic demonstration on the occasion, 400 people being present, including the Ministry, the President of the Legislative Council, the Speaker of tho Assembly, members representing all parties in the House, and numerous leading citizens. Tho mayor presided. There are now ten candidates in tho field for the vacant neat for Geelong in the Legislative Assembly. Mhlbournb, March 30. Bryant's identity has been discovered, he ' havingbeen recognised by detectives as a French refugee from New Caledonia under the name of Count de Beaumont, who served a sentence in Pentridge for obtaining goods under false pre tences. The brig Alexandria went ashore at Warr nambool early this morning, and it is expected that ahe will become a total wreck. She parted her anchor during a strong gale, and the morn ing beingvery dark her signals were not per ceived. The captain and crew have been saved. The vessol was insured. Colonel Crossman has visited the defence works now being carried out at Port Phillip Heads, and expresses his warm-approval of the scheme Mr. Graham Berry is about to visit Sydney, accompanied by some of his former colleagues. 