Forrester's Lodger. ? Br Maet E.-Pekn, Aothobof 'OldVas- ' ' DEEHAVEN'S WllL,' && It was a bright, genial afternoon in early * spring. The adventurons sunbeams had succeeded in piercing tlie canopy of smoke which hung over busy Hanimertoo. and were (exploring every nook and corner of its crowded thoroughfares. Some of tiiem found their way into a certain 'long, un lovely street' in the outskirts of the town, ami ugnrea up nae winaows 01 a row oi humble little red brick houses, which were frowned upon by the high wall of a great iron foundry opposite. On the etep of Number Three stood Mary Forrester. She was a slender girl of 19, with chestnut hair, falling in loose waves over her forehead ; a clear, colourless com plexion, a small, grave mouth and a pair of soft brown eves that looked at the world with a pathetic sort of perplexity, as if its vrays bewildered her. She had her work in her hand, but she ?was not sewing. Her eyes were fixed on file strip of blue sky above the foundry wall. She could not have told why the sight of that turquoise ,gleam, and the breath of the soft spring breeze on her face ^ should make her feel vaguely sorrowful, but * so it. was, and unconsciously she sighed- as she resumed her work. Presently the sound of approaching foot steps made her look up again. Two figures were advancing in the middle of the dusty road — a young man and a little boy whom he led by the hand. She looked at them curiously. They were strangers she saw at a glance, and of a type not common in Foundry-street. The man, who was dressed in a snit of rough grey tweed and a felt hat, was a tall, well-built young fellow of five or six-and-twenty, with a sunburnt complexion, frank.blue eyes, and short brown beard and mustache. It was not he, however, but the child who absorbed her attention and brought the look of wondering admiration to her face. If ever out of a picture had she seen anything so lovely as this little fellow, with his vel ?wmi-rr riot*!*- mrac Viol£ Vit^^^ti V\tt 4;noi1» TrvT»r*- lashes ; bis clear, olive skin, with its rich dusky bloom ; his full smiling lips, red as coral, and the short silky curls that clus tered over his forehead. They came slowly on up the street, the stranger looking straight before him, as if his thoughts were elsewhere, the boy notic ing everything and commenting on the ?nnfainiliar objects in a continuous ripple of exclamation and inquiry. His bright little person seemed to light up the street like a sunbeam. As they were passing the house his eyes suddenly encountered those of Mary Forrester fixed upon him in a gaze of rapt admiration. He loosened his hand from his father's and stopped short, returning her look- with one of interest and curiosity. Then his lips broke into a smile, and he babbled some thing which she did not understand; it was in a strange language, soft and musical. However, she smiled and nodded at a ven ture, whereupon he laughed all over his little gipsy face, and, putting the tips of five dimpled fingers to his lips, kissed, his hand to her. Mary's heart went out to Tiim. ' Oh, the sweet little lad !' she exclaimed aloud, and extended her hand with a gesture of invitation, to .which he at once responded. The father, who had been watching this little scene with a smile of amusement, now approached her. * I think you have bewitched my boy,' he said, pleasantly ; ' he is not usually so ready to make friends.' * I am sure he has bewitched me,' she an swered, as she bent to kiss him, 'but I don't understand what he says. Is it French ?' ' Xo, ItaKan. He was born in Italy, and has not yet learned to speak English pro perly, though he is beginning to understand it. Come, Tonio !' She reluctantly released the little hand which clung to hers. ' I dare say you will see him again,' the father said. * We shall often pass this way if I succeed in finding rooms in this neigh bourhood.' 1 We have a room to let in our house,' she told him. timidly. He glanced at the house and the street and made a $rt of grimace, but her wistful look at the child touched him. \- jtiay l see it r ne asKea, arrer a mo ment's hesitation. ' It would be convenient for me to be so near my work.' Mary, who had turned to enter the house, stopped short and looked at him. ' You are not a working man !' she remarked. He laughed. * I don't know what else to call myself. I am a machinist and have an engagement at the works yonder.* ghe etili looked at him half incredu lously, * You. are not like our Hammerton working folks. You haven't their looks or their speech.' 'I suppose I haven't been here long enough to catch them. I only arrived this morning, coming from Gizsgovr.' Mary said no more, hat led the way into trie house. Her visitor looked round as if agreeably surprised. The little kitchen into which the vebered him was humble enough certainly, with ite brick floor and gaily papered walk, twcfc it had fr pleasant home like look, and there were some attempts at tAoncayeai in the shape of plants in tke window-sill, prate and photographs over the mantelpiece, soda, hanging shelf containing books which seemed to bare been well read. 'Are these yours?' be asked, looking at the title*. * Areyoxi food of reading P' 'Yea, very. Tboae were »y mother's books. There irere a gtxsd many others but jny father-— -%Bi ileey are gcme. Will yon corse Bpstanra?* Carrying Etifc Tosdtp, vrho refused, to be repataied from Id* new friend, «he preceded rtssta cm the #*** fi*#r. It kx&a; dull now/ *ht- wad *f»J*getL i»%, drawing op tU blind, r tut it k*$ ifa rnarmr^ 1ArfsA ttpttt it. The'gwmtmjatL -ner t&ere.; Am fcm &r;«t swafe* «i mttHmf *Qttett, mmmm*, iliktW -& a* -tu vrfr&rv; xrAwxtA 0* &m; fudiof ?** the hdona? Urn Mmum hegfa t* **»#t*, «mj4 w 2 ^S«6d mm «to*t lib imnm&i; iwr *r «^ wtwrf**'**' ***** ««f/ I* Ji* 'Ah, maybe it is/ she acquiesced. 'Do}' you. think this room will suit you ? ' | * I should be hard to please if it didn't. The questionis, shall I suit you. foralodg*?? You see, there is no one to look after my boy while I am at work, and ? -' ?? * Has he no mother ? * she interrupted, in. a compassionate undertone. * No,3 he answered shortly^ with a sudden darkening of his face which altered its whole expression. 'Perhaps you will find it troublesome to have him. on your hands alL day ? ' 'Troublesome? I should love to take care of him, andlbelieve-he would be happy with me.' After a little further conversation, during which the question of terms was settled to their mutual satisfaction, Marj^e jxew lodger betook himself to the station to fetch his * traps' leaving Tonio perfectly contented in her charge. The young man wasabsent about an hour, returning in a cab with his belongings. As it approached the house his ear was struck by a confusion of sounds within, a scuffling of feet on the floor, a man's. sough voice raised in anger, a woman's subdued and im ploring, A little$gzpup of neighbours had gathered outside the door. * Forrester'.s at his old ways again,' he heard one woman say. * He'lijbe the death of the girl some day.' 1 What is it ? What has happened ? * he asked anxiously, as he alighted. They stared' at him without* replying, and drew back to allow him to pass in_ This was the scene which met his eyes as he entered the kit chen. Mary, flushed and dishevelled, was struggling in the grasp of a man whose heavy hand had just descended on her shoulders, and was raised to repeat the blow. On this group the new lodger burst like a whirlwind, and, iBefekig her assailant by the collar, flung him across the room with so little ceremony that he stumbled and mea sured his length on the floor. 'Brute!' the young man panted, out of breath with exertion, and ina- white heat of indignation and disgust. 'Who is this man PjLhe demanded, turning to the girl, who leaned against the wall, white to the lips and trembling from head to foot. ' My father,' was the almost inaudable reply. Forrester, who was only half sober, was on his feet ia a moment, but seemed too astonished by the sudden attack to retaliate. * Who is this man ?' he echoed, parody ing the other's tone,and measuring him with what was intended for a haughty stare. ' My name is Stephen Lydiard, and I was to have had the honour of being your lodger ; but after this ? ' An imploring gesture from Mary arrested the words on his lips. ' Tou must be friends with Mr. Lydiard, father,' she pleaded timidly; 'he didn't know who you were or he wouldn't ? ' ' Have knocked me down in my own. house,' her father put in, with a short, gruff ?? 1 r ^T 'T f & ~\ r T 'I* 'I S laugn. v ery considerate or air. juyaiara. * But you wont bear malice ?' she per sisted. ' You'll shake hands with him ? * I bear no malice — oh, no, that is not my character,' was the reply, though the glance he threw at her protector rather belied his words. ' I am ready to shake hands if Mr. Lydiard wishes it.' After a moment's hesitation the latter complied, with a slight shrug. ' Don't strike your daughter again while I am in the house,' he said, quietly, as their hands met, ' or you'll receive a lesson you will not soon forget.' *I shall soon forget this one,' was the muttered reply, as he took up his hat and slouched out at the door. ' Try to keep friends with my father,' Mary said anxiously, when they were alone ; ' don't interfere between, us again.' ' Not when I see you ill-treated ? ' ' It doesn't matter ; I'm used to it.' 4 Used to it ! ' he echoed compassionately. 'My poor child, what a life yours must have been ! ' She smiled tremulously, and glanced at Mm with a sort of wistful wonder. Sym pathy was so strange and so sweet. ' What was it ail about just now ? * he asked after a moment's silence. 'Why was he so angry ? * She coloured and turned her head aside. * Don't ask me ; I'm ashamed to tell you.' ' Pray do — I want to know.' ' Well — it iras because — because I hadn't asked you twice as much for the room as it was. worth.' 'Was that all? I will pay you .double with pleasure, if ? * If o,' she interrupted; *you must not. And if he asks you for money you must refuse — he would only spend it at the ' Silver Cup.' You will stay with us ? ' she continued. 'While you are here I shall feel that I have one friend in the world.' ' Only one ! Surely you have' others ? ' ' The neighbours are kind in their way, and I know they are sorry for me, but ? ' She shook her head and left the sentence unfinished. ' I will stay if it will make you happier,' he said, in his 1nnfll cordial tones, * and I will be your firm and faithful friend. But' I have something to ask you in. return.' He lifted his boy on the table between them, and taking the little olive face in his hands, gazed at it a moment with a troubled, anxious fondness that was strangely touched with dread. 'Is it something about the- child?' she asked. xw. ax J- give nuu tsiwyvm KJ&iytng; yvu. vxaxt promise never to let him oat of your sight while I am away — 'never txndep any pretext to trust him with % stranger. There is b reason fat this whieK I will tell you some dsf9 %mt sot mm/ ' Ton aaajr riAy «n me,*,eh»-Bai& e&rnontly;, * I will guard hun well/ M&rr; meat to «faep that nsghi vith a. 'heart fighter t&*n it had. b«*p feet to&xy; & -fay, «»4fa0«foek kmizon of her Ufa & my oi down ktd agNftMagl at \m&. Ri* hmilmd kfjrtKmt of-W-wra# vtwa&t; U&srtbd; -wiih tisaHiA vetWin. %Uqp*m wjw witt aw* ii, latff «r«* -&aV; %& h&iL; neitiy im/0tm wr: hwdnm. tfc«&r; ?*« zx tt&y; yMBlpM|i^':-f|(i^W'ii'ip* enough, but in a cool, imperial manner, as merely a tribute that was bis dne, showing no marked preference for any one but Mary, who repaid his afieotion with boundless de votion. Tha days crept by, getting wanner and longer. Blustering March aSd fickle April were past, and May came smiling in. One evening^ on returning from tha foundry, Stephen threw into Mary's lap a bunch of flowers he had just bought in the street. * A message from the country, to tell you. that summer is coming,* he said. She was seated at work, with Tonio at her feet, and raised the flowers to her face with a deep breath of delight, 4 How sweet 1 and ho-w beautiful the country must be looking now! I havn't eeen it for — mot since the day I ran. away from home.' * You ran away ?' he repeated, as he took, a seat opposite to her and lifted the child on his knee. * When was that?' She looked down, tracing figures on the table with the point of her scissors. * It waa nearly four years ago ; not long after my mother died. I was so miserable at home. Father ? -Well, never mind,' she broke off. ' One morning — it was in the early autumn — I left the bouse, ineaiiing never to Tetum. When I got away from the town I walked on and on, along, the country roads, 'not caring where they led me, till, late in the after noon, I found myself on the borders of a great common. It waa Fernleigh Heath. Have you ever been there ?' He shook his head. * It is a beautiful place — so wild and free. It stretches away as far as you can see, with the blue sky coming right down on every side and the furze bloom shining yellow as gold. I wandered about till dark, then lay down in a hollow and went to sleep. It was so strange to wake in the night and find nothing between me and the stars, which seemed like millions of bright eyes looking down at me.' ' Were you not afraid ?' * K'o, but I had the strangest feeling — as if — as if I had died and come to life again in another world, where there was no such thing as sorrow or anger or pain. My heart had been fall of bitterness -when I went to sleep, but it had all died away in the beauti ful solemn stillness. I fancied mother was looking down at me, telling me to go home and do my duty, as she had done hers till she died.' Her voice faltered, and she put her hand to her eyes. ' And you went home ?' he said gently, after a pause. * Yes, I started directly it was light, and reached home in time to get -father's din ner,' she answered, smiling. * I have often thought I should like to see the health swain ' rTia orvnr»liid«v1 on elm Trammeii Ti«t« work. 'You shall,' he responded. *We will spend a day there — you and I and the little one.' She clasped her hands rapturously. * Oh, do you mean it ? When shall we go?' ' To-day is Saturday; why not tomor row ? We can go by an early train amd take our dinner with us. And so it was settled, and she at once began her preparations for the excursion, glancing anxiously at the sky now and then to see if it promised fine weather for the morrow. The next day proved* all that could be desired — sunny, clear, and cloudless — with only just enough breeze to give freshness to the air. 'Why, Mary, you are dazzling!' was Stephen's exclamation, as she made her appearance after breakfast in all the glory of a freshly trimmed hat, with a bunch of primroses in her dress. ' And how ? ' He paused, looking at her as she bent to put on Tonio's hat. 1 And how very pretty you look !' he con cluded. She glanced up at him as if doubting whether she had heard correctly, but some thing in his eyes — an expression she had never seen there before — made her own droop, .and suffused her cheeks with a warm colour. Half an hour later they were being borne away from smoky Hammerton into the green and gracious country. Tlie breeze blew freshly through the open carriage winffews, fluttering the ribbons in Mary's hat and the ends of Tonio's scarlet necktie. The child was in wild spirits and chattered as merrily as a brook, with rip pling bursts of laughter and little startled cries, as some Tmfa-miKn.i- object came in sight, and now and then a pause of silence and a deep sigh of measureless content. It was still early when they reached the qujet little town of Fernleigh- Coldfield, and the church bells were ringing for morning ser vice. Directly they emerged from the sunny, silent streets they found themselves on the borders of the heath. The soft wind swept over its wide expanse, dappling & with fleet ing cloud shadows and bringing aromatic odors of broom and wild thyme. The larks were soaring and singing jubilantly, high up against the blue ; the cuckoo's note came at intervals from a distant wood,' and as they walked on the sound; of church bells fol lowed them, solemn said musical, like a benediction on the day. Stephen was quieter than usual, and she fancied there was a change in Ma manner; a certain reserve which was sot cbldaefts, jet which seemed to put an unwonted 6k t&nce; between them. She would have fearod «ho had offended him, bat it «uu not dig* pleasure; she read in his eyes when tlioy mat bust own. Wbm tha bright day was waning toward &££«r»oonf they sat to rest in the woods wJbleb bdfdGrodths heath. The slant sun bftttttl, km but olear, touched the mosey wmgm mm gorn, wo. steeping varnvgntua ymsg leaves, filled the space beneath with ft dottjgreeti irwi%ht, Now and then tht- 4tt&i;±\&teZi;) gbiti the tf-se tops and passed mi &*m6irh$r» in the heart of th& wood 4 4AittLiih wa« swaging his sweet, full-throated tf«ttg!r Tbey w«r* fAUnss on a, fallan tree , Tonio fadl mUm on kk fetfarr's knoe, his red li&s; Jpatei -*» * $km^ Um\U ; the flowtra he hwi «OJi-tf ad, f alUog ono by ouo from his '?1!$ijPC jm'' tbink% ot Waif f Ste vhmHMuteta silence, turning towards h*t-M*h**(d, -wlth M&M; b&n8;», looking ^U»wii fbe iriitoti ^Mt^.^rodd,^ ^ -,, .._?:. . . r ?.?????; t ,,,, '?j^::: /.;v;o' ^Changed for 'the 'better, Hope. You are happier now, are you not P 'Happier? I never knew what hap piness was till— -till you : and the little one came.' * Why — -what have we done for yon, except give 'you trouble F* he asked, gnuling as he laid his hand on hers. 'More than you know; more than I can tell,* she replied softly. * My heart was withering for want of kindness; all that was good in me waa being crushed. I felt that I was getting hard and bitter — ' * And no wonder,' He put in. *Bufc your friendship saved me. From, the very firs* day,- when :jou 'spoke to me so gently,, and the little lad put his arms round my neck, Ifelfr— I— ' Her voice broke, she bent and hid her face on Tonio's curly nead. Boused by the touch he stroked her.oheek, then, suddenly raising himself, he drew his father's head down to the same level. . ?'Kiss Mary, poverina Mary,' he pleaded. The young man laughingly resisted, but the little brown hands Held hfm tight, and at length he complied and laid his lips to her's. She trembled under the caress, and flushed to her forehead. For a moment his bronzed cheek caught the reflection of hers, then paled, and a look of pain, almost re morse, crossed his face. Raising her eyes timidly Mary caught that look, and wondered at it. She felt a passing chill; a vague uneasiness. It was the first shadow which had crossed the brightness of the day. He was silent, looking down. Suddenly he raised his head. *Mary,* lie began, abruptly, *I promised that I would tell you some day why I asked you to guard my boy so jealonsly. Have you never wondered?' ' I thought you feared to have him stolen. You may have an enemy who — ' 'I have,* he interrupted, 'a bitter and dangerous one. And that enemy is — my wife.' 'Your wife ' She started, looking up at him incredulously. * You said, you told me, she was dead.' ' I said that my child had no mother,' he corrected ; ' and, indeed, he is worse than motherless. But my wife-is not dead. May Heaven forgive me if I say that I would she were, or that I had been before I met her.' The girl could not speak; she looked straight before her with eyes that saw noth ing. She did not know what had come to her ; she felt suddenly cold and tired, and all the glory had departed from the day. At length she spoke with an effort. 'Is she Italian?' 'Yes. I first met her at Genoa, five years ago. I had been sent out to superin tend the working of some new machinery in one of the velvet weaving factories there. She was the foreman's daughter, and the loveliest woman I ever saw. I fell in love at first sight, and married her after . three weeks' courtship, knowing absolutely noth ing of her character and disposition. I paid a heavy price for my rashness. My beau tiful wife had the temper of a fiend — vio- lent, cruel, revengeful. For four miserable years she made my life a daily martyrdom. I should have been driven to despair, to crime perhaps, but for my child. His little ?white soul stood between me and ill. For his sake I bore with her till I discovered it makes me angry still to think of it — that he, too, was the victim of her evil temper. Returning unexpectedly one day, I found her beating him unmercifully for some childish fault. The sight of his pain mad dened me to that degree that I lost all con trol over myself. For the first time — I struck her. I expected she -would rave and storm at me. She said not a word, but she gave me a look I shall never forget, and I knew that from that moment my wife was my deadliest enemy. But I was not pre pared for the revenge she took.' ' What was it ?' his companion whis pered. j * The very next day she quitted the house secretly, taking the child with her, and leaving a note to tell me that I should never see either her or him again. For two whole months I searched for her in vain ; at length accident put me on her track. I traced her from place to place till I found her in Paris. She had gone on the stage, and already the city was ringing with her beauty.' 'And Tonio?' ' Tonio was with her, but so changed^ — such, a poor ghost of himself that I should hardly have known him if, when I entered the room where he was, he had not sprung toward me with a cry that Trent to my heart. His mother did not attempt to pre vent me from taking him, but she warned me, mockingly, that though I had got him I should not keep him ; sooner or later she would find him, and I should lose him when I least expected it. That was the last I saw of her. It is more than a year ago, but her threat has haunted me ever since.' ' Does she know where you are ?' the girl asked, apprehensively. 'I think not — I hope not. She must have lost all trace of me when I went to Glasgow/ ' Mary drew a deep breath and looked down at the sleeping child. ' How you have told me this I shall not know how to guard him carefully enough,' she said, tightening hor grip upon the child. 'You cannot be more careful than you are,1 wflfl his reply; * while he is with you I fool secure. You have bean a good angel, Mary, to mo and to Tonio.' She sighed, and thojr wore both silent. The thrush had finished his song, tlio daylight waa fading feat. 'It is getting lute,' Stephen said at last, looking round ; ' wo must go. I will carry Tonio. Don't forget the flowers.' She looked down at them drearily. 'They are dead,' she said. ' They will revive again m water. 'No | they are quite dead,' she repeated, end left them lying on tho ground. Twilight was falling over the heath like a dusky curfc&m; j oarth and sky seemed dark, oning rouud them as they walked on, and j tlio wind had m eerie sigh that threatened' rain. They were both very silent oa the homeward Journey. Wliou they reached fiammisrlxm Bfcatibh a trtuu from the Jforth ?wbb just la* and tile pktform was thronged and bttuMag, they iatule their way through the crowd/ atid sfaountod the steps leading %p td tlie ttriOg^. Stephen Weilib first with the little boy. When bo rettohod tlio bridge lie looked wound for his oomptmioaj she vraa loaning Over the balustrodo, lookuag down at tho platform as U watoblna1 someone. .-?.?»..'. . ? ? Presently she looked up with a pale, startled, face, and beokoned to him. ' L thought I saw— iec,' she whispered. ? Saw who?' * Your wife.' He stared at her. 'My ? — You are dreaming Mary J How would you know her?^^ - / ' It was a dark, beautiful woman, with eyes like Tonio's, only fiercer. She was ?watching us — watching you. She stood just there, by the lamp. She is gone' now.' Without waiting to hear more he hurried down the steps. In about five minutes he returned out of breath, ' No' signs of i.er or of any one like her,' he said, in a tone of relief. ' It was your fancy, Mary. You had been thinking of what I told you.' She said no more, but she seemed only half convinced, and glanced nervously over her shoulder more than once as they made their way home. Sain fell steadily all the nextday. Mary rose that morning feeling languid and depressed, vaguely dissatisfied with herself and her surroundings. She had never, noticed before, how dingy and dull the street was; it looked changed, and unfamiliar, somehow, or perhaps the change was in her self ; she could not tell. The hours wore away till it came to be dusk. Tonio, over tired the previous day, fell asleep long before In's usual bed time. She carried him up stairs and kid him, dressed as he was, in his little cot, close to her own bed. She stood a moment shading the candle with her hand, and looking down at him as Tie lay, his little tired limbs curled up, his red lips parted, the ruffled curls falling over his brow. Then pressing a soft kiss on his cheek she went down stairs. Having laid the table for supper, she took up her sewing, but found she could not work. She did not know what ailed her, or what was the meaning of* the dull ache at her heart — a pain that was not all pain but had a strange sort of bitter sweet ness. Soon her work fell into her lap, her eyes grew fixed and dreamy. She was sitting thus when the door opened. She glanced round, expecting to see Stephen Lydiard, but it was her father who entered. She looked at hi™ curiously. There was an air of suppressed excite ment about him which attracte&^her attenr tion at once, and made her exclaim before he could speak : — 'Father, is anything the matter ? ' He took off his hat and pushed back his hair, he was flushed and out of breath. ' Matter enough. Lydiard's had an accident — been and hurt himself with the machinery. They told me to fetch you.' Mary started to her feet, every trace of colour fading from her face. * Oh — is he badly hurt ? When did it happen ? ' Not ten minutes ago. Yes, it's a bad job, I'm afraid. He's been, asking for you they say.' She caught up her hat and was over the threshold in a moment. ' Wait here till I come back,' she said over her shoulder. ' All right,' he answered shortly, turning his back on her, as he took a seat near the hearth. The entrance to the works was at the end of the street. When she reached it the day workers were just pouring out of the great archway. Mary caught hold of the first person she met. ' Where is Stephen Lydiard ? Is he much hurt? How ? ' The words died on her lips. It was Lydiard himself who stood before her. ' Why, Mary, don't you know me ?' he asked, with a puzzled, smile. ' Then you are not hurt ? It was a mis take ?' she said, bewilderedly. ' Who told you I was hurt ?' ' Father. He must have been hoaxing me, or else ? ' She started. A vague suspicion flashed across her mind. Without another word she darted from her companion's side and ran home. He father was sitting where slie had left him. She did not stay to speak tc him, but hurried up stairs to her own room. There was just light enough to show hei that tlie cofc was empty, and with a cry thai rang through, the house she rushed dovra stairs again. ' The child — father, where is the child ? she cried, seizing his arm. He looked her straight in the face with s defiant smile. ' The child is where he ougbj to be — with his mother.' ' His mother ? ' * Ay, and an uncommonly fine woman she is — worthy of a' better husband. You maj stare. I know all about it. She told me the whole story this afternoon. She saTi you at the station last night, you know, he continued, nodding at her as he pressed some tobacco down in his pipe. ' She was on her way from Glasgow, where she hac been in search of him. She followed yot home, and has been watching the house al day, on the sly. When I went out aftei dinner, she spoke to me. We sooncanu to an understanding, both of us having ai account to settle with your model lodger — ' And you found a pretext to get me but o: the way while — . Ah, I understand. Father what nave you done ?' 'Done a good action; paid off an ole grudge, and earned a five'pound note, all al one stroke — not a bad day's work Ioall it.' . Hs turned upon her with a look oi triumph, which ohanged somewhat abruptly to one of apprehension when, glancing ovej his shoulder, he found that Stephen Lydiarc had entered unperceived, and was standing behind them. His face showed that he hac heard every word. Mary threw herself be tween the two men. ' It was my fault,' she cried, * I ought noi to have left him. But I shall find him never fear — she has not had time to go far and I will make her ffivu him up— — . The next moment sake was gone. ' When he found himself atone with \m lodger, the master of the houso inBfcmotivoh/ backed away, and put himself on fchodtifeu sive. But lor tho moment Stephen was too much stunned by the blow to recollect what shore the other kftd in it. 4 WMoh way did tho wwuta torn when she left the houeo?' ho naked hoaraoht. * Don't know, di&u;'fc look,1 was tlte dogpd reply. The young man saw it wa« us«-U**i» wtttfc- ing words upon him. Ha paused «$ iks door a moment, looking right and Joffc, tU»B turned in the opposite dirootion to that wfeioh Mary had taken, said hurried &wa;$? tl*«-Vkg& the miuy dusk. Evening; had deepened into night b@tora ho jroturned, hjyjgwxl with fc%u© «a4 anxiety, having found no trace of those h sought. . 1 He had hoped that Mary would be more successful, and his heart beat fast as he 2 | opened the door. But he found the house empty, the kitchen only lighted by the glow of an expiring fire. Mr. Forrester had * deemed it expedient to absent himself for a 3 few hours. He glanced round and shjvered, not so . much with cold as with a presentiment of of some darker trouble in store. Where , could Mary be ? He feared — he hardly {dared think what. He could not endure to f be shut np in the dark and silent house. ? He lit a candle, made up the fire, and then went and staad at the door, looking anxi- ^ ously up and down the street. The rain had ceased now, and a ' wan and weary moon ' peered out at intervals through the rents of ' the clouds, throwing a pale bluish gleam . across the wet road. At length one of these brief glimpses of i light showed him an approaching figure, at 3 sight of which his heart leaped with re newed hope. He watched it with straining. ] eyes till hope became certainty, and Mary , i stood before him with Tonio at her side. . Uttering an inarticulate exclamation of joy and relief, he drew her into the house and j shut the door. The boy ran to his father's ( arms with a shrill, glad cry — but Mary ^ stood motionless and silent. ( Wild and white, with the rain on her j hair and the mud of the street on her dress, , ! her eyes dilated with a blank, stricken look, ?, like one half stunned with a blow, she stood and looked at him. In the first moment he ; did not notice her expression, he only saw that she was there. j 'Thank Heaven you are safe!' he ex claimed. - ' I feared I hardly know what. And you have found my darling and brought him back to me ! Oh, Mary, I have no words ' to thank you !' She did' not speak. She looked at him fixedly, forlornly, with her sorrowful dark . eyes, but she said, not a word. The light died ont of his face. 'What has happened?' he asked, with a sudden change of tone, taking a step toward her. She drew back, putting the whole width of the room between them. * Don't ask me,' «he said, in a voice un like her own. ' The child is safe ; that is [ enough. I must go ; I dare not stay here.' * Oh !' he echoed j ' why — . Ah, what has happened ? ' ' She shuddered from head to foot, made ' no answer, and turned abruptly away. Her hand was on the door, but he caught and detained hen ' Tell me — you must,' he said, in a quick, imperious whisper, ' Was there a struggle ' between you ? Did she ? .' She uttered a stifled cry, and snatching her hand from his grasp, crouched against the wall, hiding her face. Tonio crept up and clung to her, but she put him almost roughly aside. -. 'fake him away; don't let him touch me,' she said, hoarsely. ' Let me go ! You don't know ? lam in danger.' ' Then I must share it. It is for life and death between us, Mary. Tell me, is my wife ? .' He paused; the look she raised to his face arrested the words on his lips. ' She ; is dead,' the girl whispered. He started and caught his breath ; for a moment he could not speak. ' Dead ! But you — but she did not die by your hand ? f She shivered, looking vaguely around her. 'Yes — no. It is all confused, like a , horrible dream.' ' Try to tell me all,' he said, after a pause, j * How and where did you find her ?' 'I saw her before me with Tonio in her arms when I had got a street's length from ; the house, but I dared not stop her then, fearing that if there was a dispute between j [ us the passers-by -would' take her part. 1 1 L followed her through the town to an hotel J [ ; near the Central Railway Station. I waited ' : outside a few moments, then went in and i \- asked for the foreign lady who had just I . come. The -waiter took me up stairs to the | ? door of the room where she was and left me. j ; She was bending over Tonio, trying to i l silence his sobs by shaking him. She did j not see me till I was close to her, and before I 1 she could recover from her surprise I had. I him in my arms. But in a moment she j l rushed to the door and set her back against | 'j it. ' Iknow you,' she cried ; ' you were with j him last night. He has sent you ? Well, j go back and tell him for me that he shall j 3 never see his child again — do you liear ? i r never.' I made no answer, but tried to get j 3 to the door. Stand back,' she said, ' I warn j r you.' And then I saw that she had a re- ] ' volverin her hand. I put the child behind j L me, and caught her wrist, trying to force it ; 3 from her grasp. We struggled together; I desperately without a sound. Suddenly — I; l don't know how it happened — there was a j 1 shot. She tossed her arms above her head r with a terrible cry — and fell. 3 The girl paused, wiping her damp fore i i head. ' * For a moment I could not move. I stood £ like one frozen. But there were voices and , footsteps on the stairs. I took up the child ? again and hurried from the room and down I a long corridor with a half glass door at. the b end. A flight of stairs led to the back entrance. I crossed a yard and found niy E self in another street. I ran on blindly t through the dusk, not knowing where I went I ? and it was not till I was exhausted that Ij L stopped, I had not been followed, but I r dared not return home till it was dark, L and I hare been wandering about ever ? since.' She paused and pushed back her hair i nervously, listening to some fancied sound , outside. Stephen took her hand and co m- , polled her to sit down. Ho was deadly pale, but calm and firm. 'Yon. should not have fled/ho said; * only tho guilty need do that, and you are mnooiittfc. Wnfcfc happened was purely an ttCKiiAont— ' 'Yes,' she returned, interrupting him, * but how would people know that— people who ore always bo ready to believe the worst P Bhecviod \vifca % shudder. Folding lit* arms on the table, sublet her forehead ftiuk upon them wo&rily.; Her esoitement hftd given place to adujU foeling of fndiSor WXfr—a, dsaft&acing; resignation to whatever ifiifM taJMfiuay fl&f; compftiijon stood for a moment with M% hand or«r Ms lips lookinff down »t her, III* $&«& stfern with wmoue thought, At Uuttfck ho toueJusd Ker Bhouldor, - ' *Atary, I mm. going toihafcplttoe 4o mako .-?...: .':.? :? -: .:.. ? ' 1 'Yes,' she answered, without nosing he* I lead. I 'And you must stay here till I return. Do I fou hear ?' . . . I 'Yes/ she repeated in the same tone. 1 I will do anything you wish. After I ill, what does it matter what becomes of J me?' j His face contracted with a look of pain. 1 Se bent till bis lips brushed her drooping- I lead. j ' It matters so much to me,' he whispered, I that, I would gladly lay down my life to I save you from harm. You know it, Mary— * 1 pon know that I — * J He checked himself. A host of eager j trords besieged his lips for utterance, but ihis -was not the time to speak them. The girl lifted her pale face with a sud- I len light upon it, and their hearts met in a look. Then he turned away, and she hid I tier face on her arms again. | ' I don't mind now,' she thought ' what- \ sver happens. I don't mind — ' But it was no longer the indifference of despair thab possessed her. For one brief instant she. tiad tasted life's supremest joy ; let fate do. what it might, it could not rob her of that moment. Tonio was curled up on the hearthrug,: balf asleep. His father carried?' him up-*. 3tairs to his own room and laid him on thtt, bed, then left the house. Moments length ened into hours ; the night wore itself out. and the intense coldness of coming dawn, crept into the silent house. Still he did not return. Mary never changed her position. Her limbs ached, her heart and brain, felt numb. At length, from sheer exhaustion, she fell asleep. A hand on her shoulder, a voice in her ear, roused her suddenly from a trou bled dream. Raising her head she found Stephen at her side. She looked up at In'rr) in the bewilderment of a sudden awakening, oblivious for the moment of all that had happened. As recollections returned her eyes dilated with anxiety. His expression reassured her before he spoke. ' You have nothing to fear, nothing to re proach yourself with,' he said, as he took a seat at her side. ' Then she is not — ' the girl began. ' Yes, she is dead,' he answered gravely, ' but she lived long enough to clear you from any shadow of blame. There was a priest with her when T arrived — she had asked for one, and to him she acknowledged that tha Bhot was fired by accident when you were struggling together for the possession of tha revolver.' His companion drew a deep breath of relief. She could not speak, but she put her hand on his as it rested upon the table. His strong fingers closed over it with a warm, firm pressure ; he looked at her with all bis heart in his eyes. 'Mary,' he said suddenly, 'you have risked your life for me and mine. Now, will you do something else for us ?' ' What is there I would not do for you. and yours ?' she returned, looking up at He put his arm round her and drew her to him, laying his bearded cheek against, hers. ' Darling,' he whispered, ' I am free now to say to you what was on my lips a few hours ago. I may ask you to give into my keeping a treasure I cannot live without, now I know its worthy' ' What is it ?' she asked, with drooping eyes. ' Yourself,' was the reply. As he spoke he put her a little way front him, so that he could look into her face. Joy beamed in it, transfiguring every feature. She raised her eyes with a tremulous, happy smile. 'Do you really need me ?' she questioned shyly; 'you are quite sure? Then take me!' And she laid her head upon his breast. 