The Ebv. J. C. Love, Lome, Victoria. Whatever may be our differences of opinion on other sub jects which : come up for discussion on such an occasion as this, liappily whence pome to the spiritual life ,we find ourselves 'not only savinsr very much the same thine;, but saying: it, for the most part, in a spirit of deferential humility. The point we are all herein seeking to attain is peace in ourselves and union with our God. The nearer we come to the Fountain 'Head of peace divine, the nearer we come to one another; the more clearly we thus discern the truth which so gloriously unites ' the spirits of just men made perfect,' the more fully we appreciate a gracious opening like the present for strengthening our fellowship with ' the saints in light.' I am to speak of the helps and hindrances to the spiritual ' life which arise from the religious and secular activities, of the day, including amusements. In a general way, then, let me say at once that, on the one hand, whatever tends to fix our hearts and minds upon the one great point attainable by all is a help ; and that, on the other, whatever tends to distract is a hindrance. And when we speak of the one and the other we 'must not forget that our one ever-present and all-sufficient 1 help is the Holy Spirit, and that our one great and terrible hindrance is the hidden evil of our hearts. '.The law of the spirit of life in Christ Jesus' calls for entire submission to his holy will. Where there is true obedience, there is help and strength, peace and joy ; where there. is any misappro priation of ourselves, there is a weak constitution of soul. ' Sound, healthy children of the God of heaven are cheerful as the rising sun in May.' They Carry music in their heart, Through dusky lane and wrangling mart, ' ? . Plying their busy task with busier feet, ? . Because their secret souls some holy strain repeat. They do not stand still in the peevishness of their imperfect wills, crying out, ' All these things are against me ;' but, in the simple, earnest, humble realisation of the truth, they say to themselves, ' Greater is He that is in us than he that is in the world.' They do believe in 'the Holy Ghost, the Lord ? and Giver of Life.' He is to them not merely an emanation, ! a virtue, an inspiration, but a person, a friend, a guide ; He ? is in them not only a very present help in every time of need, ? but a spirit of ' grace, mercy, peace, from God the Father ? and Christ Jesus our Lord.' They have no need, therefore, to ask out of ' the helplessness of their hearts, Who shall bring down Jesus ? for in the presence of Him whom He has ' sent they have the power of the blessed Trinity. Evermore, '' ^therefore, let it be clear to our minds that the help of all helps is 'the indwelling Spirit, and the hindrance of all hindrances is the heart that will not return and be at rest. ; ? It has been said that there are ten thousand ways of look ? ing at this world, but only one right way. The man of pleasure has his way, the man of gain his, and the man of I intellect his. Poor men and rich men, governors and governed, -prosperous and discontented, learned and unlearned, each has his own way of looking at the things which- come before him, and each has a wrong way. So it may be said that there are a great many different ways of looking at the spiritual life, ?but only one right way. The young have theirs, the middle II aged have theirs, the old and infirm have theirs. Young people and old people, weak and strong, sick and whole, each ' have their own way of looking at the things which pertain to ' the kingdom of God, and each have a wrong way. There is 'but one right way ; it is the way which the Spirit looks upon -the spiritual life. According to the wisdom of his word, it ' is '-the Life which is Life indeed.' In this light let us look at the activities of the day, and let us 'see what there is in them both to help and to hinder. In ''the first place, let us limit ourselves to the realm of religion. ''Three years ago we were all reading a biography of a remark ? able woman who gave herself to the ministry of Christ in the 1 nursing of the sick ; and I think I may say we were all alike 'impressed with Sister Dora's fine intellect, noble heart, and 'saintly spirit. ' Not only do we treasure her memoiy,' says ! a' nonconformist minister who knew her well, ' as that of ; a great and useful worker in the cause of suffering -humanity, but for the higher reason that we have had in her a '' style of character more sublime than any we had seen before. \--.' . . We can point to her as one who possessed at all v times a fulness of joyful life beyond all we had ever known.' Two years ago the streets of East London, on a working day, were lined not only with respectful crowds, but with sorrow ful men, women, and children. The little ones were weeping as if their hearts would break. Charles Lowder was on his -way to his burial. The marvellous activity of three and ? twenty years was thus brought to a close; The record of his life is now in our hands, and meets a commonly acknowledged want'. Not only do we see in him a noble example of patient continuance in a great evangelistic work, but a very high type of spiritual health and strength. One whose words command universal respect has said that in the religious activity of the present day there is apt to be too much of nature ; there is the tendency to neglect personal holiness, and there is the risk of putting zeal for religion in the place of love to God and to one another. Year by year in Congress we have heard the same note of warning repro duced in various ways but to the same purpose. It is im possible therefore to be indifferent to what has thus been said. Let us pay the utmost heed to the warnings of our prophets ; let us . lay their words to heart; let us be thankful for such faithfulness^ But while we are warned in one direction we are surely encouraged in another. If we are to take heed to the spurious in our religious activity, we are surely not to make light of the faithful and true. Eecall tlie examples of such as I have named. Follow them in the ceaseless round of their cheerful ministries. See clearly what it is that animates their souls, and gives them such a wonderful measure of strength, and peace, and joy. Is it not the life of Christ which lives in them, which enables them to do so much and to do it so well ; which makes it so im possible for, them to save themselves ; which leads them to be so fully recognised as' the followers of Jesus, and which compels all' the activities of the day to minister to their spiritual improvement ? Truly, 'wisdom is justified of, her children.' But from this more restricted view we pass, to the more Unlimited. 'I see in this world two heaps,1' said a simple friend of our , religious childhood, 'the one is composed of human happiness, the other of human misery ; now, if I can . take but the smallest bit from the second heap and add to the first, I carry a point.' In this we can but do our best. With regard, then, to the misery which we see rising before us like^ a mountain, the thing to know is not only its extent and magnitude, but its cause and operation, for 'the curse causeless never comes.' Then, from whence all this misery? From one source alone — from the heart of disobedience, from the spirit of the world. In the beginning, when man lived and walked with God, he was at rest ; in the end, when man lives and walks with God, knowing' the things which are freely given to him of God, he is the same. ' For thus saith the Holy One — 'In returning and rest shall ye be saved ; in quietness and in confidence shall be your strength.' In the face of our miseries and destructions the only hope of healing and deliverance is in : listening habitually unto the voice — the still small voice — which is ever whispering in our souls the law of life. ' ,. . ' -, Listen alone beside the sea, . \ ; ? ; Listen alone among the woods ;' ' ', ,.'. ???:?? '?'-'?':? Those voices of twin solitudes ? ?' ?: Shall have one sound alike to thee. . ., , ?? i- . ? ....'.'.. -Hark! where the murmurs of thronged men;, , Surge and sink back, and surge again — ? '; , ;;; Still the one voice of wave and tree. ?;-'' Gather a shell from the.strown beach, ' ... .. '.'?;' And listen at its lips : they sigh ' '' ? ' ;. The same desire and mystery, . ' ; :: The echo of the whole sea's speech. . -???-... ;'..'. And all mankind is thus in heart Not anything but what thou art — r And earth, sea, man, are all in each. Of the hindrances which arise to the spiritual life from what we call the secular activities of the day, those surely are the most to be regarded which tend to drown the voice of God in our souls. For ' we live,' says Faber, 'in the midst of revelations ; Ave are continually receiving what we ordinarily call inspirations. There is hardly ever a complete silence in our souls. God is whispering to us well-nigh incessantly ; only we do not always hear.' And hence it may be shown that we are only the wrecks of what we might have been as the saints of God. The question, therefore, is, What doth, most hinder us from hearing his voice ? The answer for the most part is — Our business. 'In an age, when,' as our great poet has it, 'ever hour must sweat her sixty minutes to the death,' business is . business. The spirit of the age certainly is activity ; but is activity to be reckoned amongst the chief hindrances to the higher life ? He that looks to Jesus will not say anything of the kind. While yet a child you hear Him say, ' I must be about My Father's business.' So, when He was grown up and manifested as the Christ, the Son of the living God, you have from his holy lips an acknowledgment of the same == 1 necessity — 'I must work the works of Him that sent Me I while it is day ; the night cometh, when no man can work.' i So He went about doing good. So there was, and is, no end I to his activity. The spirit of the age is a true spirit so far I as it corresponds with the spirit of truth. But the spirit of I the age is one thing, the spirit of the world is another. As I the one tends to be brisk and active, so the other to be dull and I restless. As the one contributes to human happiness, so the I other to human misery. It is not our business that hinders 1 us from hearing the whisper which comes from the heart of 1 eternal love, 'sweet as the living stream to summer thirst.' I * Nor is it our pleasure, provided it be worthy of the name. I Everything in relation to the truth and peace ; everything in i its time and place ; everything with thanksgiving. Other t wise handle not, taste not, touch not. For ' passion craved for passion's sake' is not the way to health and cheerfulness, but to decline and death. When the pleasure of the Holy Will is our pleasure, then noble feelings and manly powers will never be without full, free scope and exercise. The question, therefore, yet remains, What are our chief hindrances to the spiritual life ? My answer is, neither our true business nor our true pleasure, but our disquietude and dissipation. And now I will not ask you to mount my little platform, and survey things by the aid of my little conven tionalities ; but I will ask you to occupy your own look out. . From this place in Collins-street see the hurry-scurry up and , down. One who has seen it elsewhere, who has scanned it with no jaundiced eye, and who has now earned a sad right to be heard, has fixed upon speed as the great hindrance to the higher life. In a paper read at the Eoyal Institution seven or eight years ago, Mr. Greg, whose early death we are not done mourning, says: — ' The question to be considered is — First, whether this rapid rate is good; and, next, whether it is worth the price we pay for it ? No doubt we ' do' more, but is ' doing' everything, and * being' nothing? The first point to notice is, that we have got into the habit of valuing speed as speed, with little reference to the use made of the time gained. Mr. Arnold, lastly, writes of the man who thinks it the highest pitch of civilisation that trains run every quarter of an hour between Islington and Camberwell. He thinks it nothing that the trains only carry him from a dismal, illiberal life at Camber well to a. dismal, illiberal life at Islington. Baron Hiibner describes how, in spite of frequent exhortations, the steamers across the Atlantic face all the dangers of icebergs met in fogs, instead of steering a more southern course, and arriving but forty-eight hours later. The physical consequences of this needless hurry are grave enough ; the moral consequences are possibly graver still ; though both sets of effects are as yet only in their infancy, and will take a generation or two fully to develop. The rapidity of railway travelling produces a chronic disturbance in the nervous system, and the anxiety to be in time, the hurrying pace, cause a daily wear and tear as well as accelerated action of the heart, which kills or injures thousands. The constitutions which are thus enfeebled and impaired we transmit damaged to our children, who add to and pass on the sad inheritance. Heart disease, too common already, may be expected to be more common still. W.e.are^ perhaps most of us conscious at some time of the need to be quiet and alone, but few of us have estimated adequately the degree in which an atmosphere of excitement, especially when we enter it young and continue in it habitually, is fatal to the higher and deeper life. The subtle poison which it disseminates ' throughout the whole character, how it saps solidity and strength of mind ; how it daily becomes more necessary and in increasing measure ; how it enfeebles and renders abnormally sensitive the subtle organisation of the brain ; and .how far, by slow and sure gradations, it carries us on towards a mental and moral condition which may justly be pronounced unsound. . . . The eminent lawyer, the physician in full practicej the minister, and the politician who aspires to be a minister, even the literary workmen and eager man of science, are now condemned to an amount and severity of action which forces one or another to break off (or to break down) in mid -career, shattered, paralysed, reduced to premature inaction or senility. What work does for the learned professions anxiety does for the merchant and the manufacturer. The barrister must make hay while the sun shines, for it shines so late ; the physician cannot in middle life select among the patients whom he has longed for through the years of youth ; while the statesman has to undergo a prolonged pressure to attain what Macaulay calls 'that closely- watched slavery which is dignified with the name of power.' Men who have given up their entire being to this business labour often lose all capability of a better life, all relish for recreation or contemplation, all true appreciation of leisure when it comes at last ; for the faculties of enjoyment, like all others, are apt to grow atrophied with disease.' Then, without doubt, it is the pace that kills, and it is the disquietude to which it meanwhile gives rise which, perhaps more than anything else, indisposes us to listen to the Spirit's voice. Many of us, therefore, have not to ask, as in the psalm, ' Why art thou cast down, 0 my soul ? and why art thou disquieted within me ?' for the reason is all too plain. The conscience of mankind in the present day is held to be' unusually lenient towards amusements. I am not sure that mankind is much to be congratulated on this point. But, be that as it may, I have now set before you what I take to be the true idea, and must now pass on to the other twin hind rance to the spiritual life. We are quite well used to hear good people talking — indeed, I might even say jesting — about dissipation, though a little serious reflection, I think, might convince them both of the folly and inconvenience of the prac tice. The best that can be said for it is a poor justification in the light of our true life. For what is dissipation ? In the words of our Lord, it is the wasting of our substance with, irregular living. Of course, there is what we call a ' little,*' and what we call ' great.' There is a sliding scale, with a dangerous downward tendency. But ' little' or ' great,' it is the worst of waste. It is that which, as Pascal has said, 'principally prevents self-reflection, and insensibly leads us to ruin.' It is not a thing, then, to be lightly spoken of. ' When the soul is calm and composed,' says the saintly minded Leighton, ' it may behold the face of God shining on it.' Then it is we hear his whisperings and receive his revelations. Then it is our hearts are freed and enlarged. Then it is, to make use of the Archbishop's words, we ' can, hoist and spread, the sails within' which carry us swiftly on. Then it is we are filled, 'not with the vain air of men's applause, but with the sweet breathings and soft gales of his own Spirit, which cany us straight to the desired haven.' But when the soul is disturbed and agitated day after day, night after night ; when amusement ceases to be amusement, and becomes the business of life ; when excitement is craved for excitement's sake, how can we behold the face of God ? how can we feel the touch of his love ? and how can we enter into the joy of his salvation ? ' There is no joy but calm.' There is no calm which is not in God's presence, and which is not due to the power of his loving word. The psalm has set this forth most beautifully in the experience of those that go down to the sea in ships, that do business in great waters ; that see the works of the Lord and his wonders in the deep:—' For He commandeth and raiseth the stormy wind, which lifteth up the waves thereof. They mount up to the heaven, they go down again to the depths ; their soul is melted because of trouble. They reel to and fro, and stagger like a drunken man, and are at their wit's end. Then they cry unto the Lord in their trouble, and He bringeth them out of their distresses. He maketh the storm a calm, so that the waves thereof are still. Then are they glad because they be quiet ; so He bringeth them unto their desired haven.' Of the helps, therefore, those surely are the most to be thought of which tend to preserve this calm. In the first place, the Lord speaks unto me, and bids me be at rest. How, then, do I apprehend the fact ? How, then, do I recognise his presence near ? By the sound of his voice. He bhat has once heard Him say, ' Come unto Me, and rest,1' will know the voice when he hears it again. He that has once looked up and caught but one glance of his countenance will no more have to ask in fear and trembling, ' Who art Thou, Lord ?' but will simply have to say with the faithful in every age, ' Behold, I am here, Lord.' As Godet has truly said, :£ There is a pre-established harmony between the heart of the 3heep and the sound of his voice.' Such is faith, the first and the last and chief of helps. In the next place, the Lord listens unto me, and bids me cast all my care upon Him. How, then, do I honour bis word ? How, then, do I glorify his name ? By the satisfac tion of my life, by the surrender of my will. When I lay my I affairs and myself before Him, I leave myself with no care but bhe care of a holy worship and a cheerful service. ' That every day should leave some part free for a Sabbath of the heart' is henceforth clear. That every city church j 3hould be open for businesa-men all the days of the j week is equally clear. Some nine-and-thirty years ago a simple-minded parish priest set himself to solve the ques . tion how a church in the very midst of a busy city, and with only a few resident parishioners, could be made subservient to the spiritual necessities of every passing- hour. ' Within his parish,' says the Guardian, ' were firms and merchants, weal thier almost than any other parish in the kingdom. He could command millionaires as his churchwardens, but when the usual hour of divine service cahie they were far away in their West-end mansions or country seats, flow, then, was he to make a city church useful ? The first thing Mr. Hill set him self to do was to repair and refit the interior in a manner suit able for divine worship. Those who have looked in at the ? door, always left open in Lombard-street, cannot but have been struck with the reverent beauty and order of the house of prayer ; and many passers-by, day by day, take refuge in this quiet sanctuary for a few minutes of jxrayer, in the midst of. their daily toil and worry. Services, too, short and bright, were held at mid -day, at a time when city men have a little spare time on their hands. These mid-day services have been, perhaps, the most successful feature in the work of the parish.' ? , The Pall Mall Gazette, in a notice of the same work at St. Paul's, says :- — 'The Lenten week-day congregation is very different from the usual Sunday gatherings in that building. It is much more reverent^ much less conventional, and more largely composed of men. It is held at the dinner-hour of the city, and men of business, and their clerks steal across from Cheapside and the bank to spend a short time in the solemn calm of the cathedral shades.'' 'Mount from the earth ; aspire ! aspire !' is the pleading of more than one Melbourne church ; but with doors bolted and barred when most wanted, the pleading is, to say the least, not sincere. When will this hindrance be turned .into a help ? We may have to wait a few years for a grand ' cathedral quire,' such as the poet describes ; but, mean while, why should sanctuaries be -wanting to' those who wish to keep the daily Sabbath of the heart ? In the last place, the Lord whispers to me apart, and says, ' Come, eat of My bread, and drink of the wine: which I have mingled.' How, then, do I accept his invitation ? How, then, do I prepare my soul to meet Him ? In the thankful ness .of my spirit ; in the obedience of my life! When I think of all the benefits of his cross and passion, which are thus set before me on the table of my Lord, what is left to me but the voice of praise and thanksgiving 1 ' Bless the Lord, 0 my soul, and all that is within me, bless his holy name! Bless the Lord, 0 my soul, and forget not all his benefits ! Who forgiveth all thine iniquities ; who healeth all thy diseases ; who redeemeth thy life from destruction ; who crowneth thee with loving-kindness and tender mercies ; who satisfieth thy mouth with good things, so that thy youth is renewed like the eagle's.' When I think of the special end He has in view, what is left to me but the' blessed power by which my hindrances are turned into helps, my sorrows into joys, and my troubles into peace ! When I think of all the work his will appoints, I will rather rejoice than complain, for it is the finished work of the other days which fits and prepares me for that ' sweet, awful hour' on .the seventh, when I eat and drink in his presence, and when I know, indeed, that 'there is no joy but calm.' What then remains ! To seek Those helps for his occasions ever near Who lacks not will to use them ; vows renewed ; On the first motion of a holy thought ; Vigils of contemplation, praise, and prayer — A stream which, from the fountain of the heart Issuing, however feebly, nowhere flows Without access of unexpected strength. ? But, above all, the victory is most sure :?.'.. For him who, seeking faith by virtue, strives ? To yield entire submission to the law Of conscience— conscience, reverenced and obeyed, As God's most intimate presence in the soul, And his most perfect image in the world. Endeavour thus to live ; these rules regard, These helps solicit, and a steadfast seat Shall then be yours among the happy few Who dwell on earth, yet breathe the empyreal air — , . Sons of the morning. 