INTERCOLONIAL CRICKET MATCH. VICTORIA V. NEW SOUTH WALES. [By Telegraph.] [From our own Correspondent,] Melbourne, December 29. After extending over four days the inter- <*> colonial cricket match, Victoria v. New Sooth Wales, was concluded to-day on the Mel- <*> bourne Cricket Ground. The weather was cold and threatening, and in consequence the attendance was very small, only I,ooo' spectators being present. The New Sooth Wales men, who had one wicket down for 165 when stomps were drawn yesterday, con tinued their innings and ran up the IDS nuts necessary to win with the lossof only two more wickets, thus scoring a substantial . victory by seven wickets. Murdoch railed his score from 51 to 67, when he was caoght off Brace. Davis succeeded, but was bowled by Scott after compiling -a dozen, Jones joined Bannerman, and these two got the requisite number of runs without being separated. The Victorian bowlers were all tried, but could not find.* weak spot in the batsmen's defence, boSi playing with the greatest ease. Bannerman . carried oat his bat for * splendidly played 101, got without the ghost of a chance. Jones put together 25 by sterling cricket. The bowling txophy presented by the Vic torian Cricketers' Association was win by Garrett, of New South Wales, who goTrfo** wickets at a cos* of 73 runs. Cleeve came next with six wiikels for 123. Horan carried . off the trophy for the highest individual score. The winner of the fielding trophy is not yet decided on, The match was resumed at noon. The weather was cold and Hiwfaning. Murdoch and Bannerman, the not-out men of the pre vious evening, took their places at the wickets facing the bowling of Midwinter and Brace. Buns came but slowly, and after twenty-five minutes play a like number of runs were re corded. At this stage Murdoch skied Bruce, and Boyle at mid-on secured the catch. ' 2— 67— ISO. Davis succeeded, and the second century soon appeared. Boyle bow relieved Bruce, and seven successive mairipnn were sent down. When 210 appeared Brace again went on at the north end vice Boyle, and Allan took the ball from Midwinter. Shortly after this an adjournment for lunch took place, the score standing at 217, Banner man 73 (not out), Davis 12 (not out). On resuming Allan sent down a maiden to Bannerman, and Scott, who was put on for the first time daring the day, sent down another to Davis. Bannerman cut Allan for a triplet—22Q up—and Davis drove him fora brace. Bannerman hit Scott to leg for 4. In Scott's next over the Sydneyite drove him to the chains —230 up— A single to Bannerman* and then Scott bowled fiavis. 3—15—231. Jones was the next man, and got Allan to leg for 3; 239 was reached by singXes.and a brace, and Midwinter relieved Allan, and a couple to Jones off Scott sent 240 up. Midwinter, who had been pitching very short, was cut by ' Bannerman to the chains, the same batsman sending Scott for a like number, and 239 appeared. Boyle again went on at 235, and for the next quarter of an hour iii? play was of the dullest description. Two hundred and sixty was reached by singles, and Jones gob - Midwinter to square-leg for 3. Inspired by his example, Bannerman got on to a full toss of Midwinter's, and drove him to the chains, thus making his century. A ningii* and "braes to Jones made the tie, and Hib same batsman made the winning bit by driving Midwinter to the on for a angle. New South Wales the* won the match by seven wickets. Bannennan played grand cricket for hislOlwithontgrnng a chance. Jones made 26 in good style. The following are the scores:— VICTORIA. First innings _ „ „ „ 113 fcecond iniiings .. .. .. 371 Bowling Analysis. Balls. Bans. Mdns. Wkts. Brace 204 09 22 1 Midwinter* .. .. 240- 60 40 0 Boyle (round aim) ..144 26 22 1 Do.<underarm) ..12 2 1 9 Allan* 100 44 9 0 Scott 108 56 10 1 Horan 44 12 6 O *lHob&1L Grand tot*Bv 619. NEW SOUTH WALES. first innings ....__?. 217 SeCO&d; Tmiinarw. Massie. c and b. Boyle .. .. 61 Bannerman, not oat .. .. .. 161 Murdoch, c Boyle, b. Brace .. .. 67 Davis, b. Scot* _ .. ..IS Jones, not out .. .. .. £? Sundries _ „ .. ..13 Total ... - .. S7S Grand total, 620. 