? T' ? HUSTLE THEM IN. Dedicated lo the \Five-cent Lodging-houses. BY WILL 0AI1LET0N. .Hustle them in, jostle them in, Many of nation, and divers of kin, Sallow, and yellow, and tawny of skin — Hustle them, bustle them, jostle them in ! Handfuls of withered but suffering clay, ' Swept from the east by oppression away ; Baffled adventurers, conquered and pressed Back from the gates of the glittering West : ' ' Men who have struggled gainst Destiny's frown Inch after inch, till she hunted them down ; Men who with indolence, folly, and guile Carelessly slighted Prosperity's smile. Scores in a tier— pile them up here Many of peoples and divers of kin; Drift of the nations, from far and from near, Hustle them, bustle them, jostle. them in? Islands of green, mistily seen, Hover in visions these sleepers between ; Beautiful memories, cozy and clean, Ee3tfully precious, and sweetly serene, Womanly kisses have softened the brow Lying in drunken bewilderment now : Infantile faces have cuddled for rest Here on this savage and rag-covered breast. Lucky the wretoh who in Poverty's ways ' Bears not the burden of ' happier days' : Many a midnight is gloomier yet By the remembrance of stars that havo set. . Echoes of pain, drearily plain, Come of old melodies sweet and sereno ; Images sad to the heart and the brain Rise out of memories cozy and green, Hustle them in, bustle them in, Fetid with squalor ; and reeking with gin. Loaded with misery, folly, and sin — Hustle them, bustle them, jostle them in* ! Few are the sorrows so hopelessly drear But they have sad representatives hero ; Never a crime so complete and confessed But has come hither for one night of rest, ?' Seeds that the thorns of diseases may bear Float on tho putrid and smoke-laden air; Ghosts of destruction are haunting eacli breath — Soft-stepping agents, commissioned by Death .Crowd them in rows, comrades or foes, Deadened with liquor and deafened with din, Fugitives out of the frosts and tho snows, Hustle them, bustle them, jostle them in 1 Guilt has not pressed unto his breast All who are taking this dingy unrest : Innocence often is Misery's guest ; Sorrow may strike at the brightest and best. You from whom hope, but not feeling, lias fled, This is your refuge from pauperhood's bod ; Timorous lad with a sensitive face, You have no record of crime and disgrace ; Weary old man with the snow-drifted hair, Not by your fault are you suffering there, - Never a child of your cherishing nigh — 'Tis not for sin you so drearily die. Pain, in all lands, smites with two hands ; Guilty and good may encounter the test ; .Misery's cord is of different strands ; Sorrow may strike at tho brightes't and best. ? Sympathy's tear, warm and sincere, Can not but glisten whilo lingering near. Edge not away, sir, in horror of fear ; These are your brothers— this family hero ! What if Misfortune had made i/ouforlorn With her stiletto as well as her scorn? What if .some fiend had been making you sure ' ' .' With more temptation than flesh could on dure ? What if you deep in the slums had been born, ; ? , ' Cradled in villainy, christened in scorn ? What if your toys had been tainted with crime? wnat i£ your baby hands dabbled m slime? Judge them with ruth. Maybe, in truth, It is not they, but their luck, that is here. Fancy your growth from a sin-nurtured youth ; . . Pity their weakness, and give them a tear, Help them get out ; help them keep out I Labor to teach them what lifo is about ; Give them a hand unencumbered with doubt : Feed them and clothe them, but pilot them out I Suffering mortals, whato'er thoy havo been, Soonest can mend from assistance within Warm them and feed them — they're animals, then; Teach them and lovo them— they spring into men. You who 'mid luxuries costly and grand Decorato homes with munificent hand, Use, in somo measure, your exquisito arts For the improvement of minds and of hoarls. Lilies must grow up from below ! Whore the strong rootlets aro twining about ; Goodness and honesty over must flow From the heart-centres — to blossom without. Wouldst thou discover Nature's true path to happiness? Listen to her first command: ' Labor |- Tho hours fly swiftly to him who has daily occupation ; a lifetime creeps slowly away with tho idle.— Leopold. ___ _______ 