FICTION. (From Eo|ILb, America, and other P«rlodlt«J».) Two Fair Women. CHAPTER Iii (Cotirtmtfd.; Mrs. Langley was somewhat taken aback at this reply ; not so much by the words as the manner in which they were spoken. It told her that there was after all a decision about the girl that the bad not thought she possessed, and her clear, ringing tones, ber simple but conclusive declaration showed that the matter, at least in her own mind, was settled beyond recall. It angered her, too, to have that light, delicate girl, who had always seemed but little more than a child to her-a lump of wax to be moulded into any form of brown or her brother's will stand there so quietly, and say eb decidedly, "I am going to marry her. Montgomery because I love him." It was as if, notwithstanding her poverty, depen- dence, and groundlessness, the simple fact of her love for him made her worthy to be his wife. Helen's face grew dark as she replied : " Have you no consideration for him P Think of the difference in your positions now-Howard is rich, and might take his choice of the most eligible young ladies in New York, while you have lost all you have nothing." Cockle's lips curled slightly. " Helen, you do not wish me to marry Howard,' she said, quietly. " No, I do not," Mrs. Langley retursed, hotly. "Just because I have lost all my money 1 How would it be had it happened that our positions were reversed ? If he had lost his property, and I, still have, plenty, desired to hold him to his engagement ?" " It is not a Euppossble case," Mrs. Largely answered, coldly, but she colored vividly nevertheless. a - You are very/.^nreaso-_ol»r.._gelen; you say r have"^fi^onaícíerAtion r£F-Toward, wMe.rie'yat« who do not consider I know that he loves me as a ' man should love the woman who is to be his wife, and that his happiness at well as my own, would be wrecked if I refused to marry him now; I know that his fortune is ample-that be does not need to increase it by wedding an- elegible parties know that he never even thought of that when he asked me to become his wife, and so I shall never do him the wrong which you have come here to urge me to do. I have given him my promise and I shall abide by it," Cecile said, gently, but very firmly. Mrs. Langley bit her lips fiercely; " Bat, Cecile, do you know what the world will say ?" she asked, thinking it best to try a different line of argument. "No," the young bride-elect returned, somewhat disdainfully, " and it will not matter to me what it says, so that Howard is satisfied with me." " Well, it matters to me,'' Mrs, Langley answered, losing all patience. " I have some regard for the speech of people if you have not, I cannot see Howard about to commit such folly without making an effort to save him, It is not proper that he should marry you, now that you have lost your position in the social world. A Mongomery and we are all very proud and aristocratic-never yet married into a poor family. It will injure his social standing, it will injure his business prospects, and he will be the talk of his whole circle of acquaintances. Besides this, you are many years younger than be, and it is more fitting that he should choose some one more mature-you are but a child in years and character he will soon tire of you when he begins to realise that you are too simple-minded to be a congenial Companion for him then, I think, your silly notions about love will not amount to much. The Mont -pery have always been wealthy and occupied the Highest possible position in social life, and I will not shave Howard lose caste by stooping to wed a girl like you, without a dollar to her name, Cecilia A flavour, you must give up my brother." i wife's face was no longer white and Bad. A. 'light red spot burned on either cheek, and a ' Strang ' V brilliant light bad shot into her eyes during these Ins'-' bitterly spoken sentences, while her slender form seeaPBd to have grown at least two inches taller. v Mrs. Langley," else said, in icy, but perfectly lady-like tones while I do not forget that you belong to the vaunted Montgomery race, you will please remember that some Vavasour, and if I have lost my money Bed money, in my opinion, does not constitute the true aristocrat as your words seem to imply I have, of fruit, as blue blood in my veins as yourself. Were you any other than Howard's Sister, I should not trouble myself to reply to the insulting language which j\\.qu have just heaped upon me. I do not need to be reminded by you-as you seem to take delight in doing that I have lost my property ; I know that I am wretchedly poor to-day, but I have not lost my good name, nor my self respect, nor my love for your brother, and with these still untarnished, I shall give myself into his keeping as his wife, without a fear for the future. You claim that a Montgomery never yet married into a poor family that is a boast from which I think I could gain very little real satisfaction, and now, for once it seems there will have to be an exception to the rule, and it remains to be seen whether the result will prove disastrous or not. It is true that I am six years younger than your brother, and that I am not very mature In my appearance, but every year will, I trust, serve to remedy that objection, and if he is content I cannot fail to be. As for his tiring of me, Helen," Cecil. said, a tender smile a wreathing her beautiful lips, he will never do that my love for him is too deep, and pure and absorbing for me not to put forth every effort to keep the grand and noble heart that I have won." " You are Howard's sister," she went on, a wistful expression for an instant coming into her eyes, " and I would have been glad to have our relations continue friendly, but Mrs. Langley, let me say once for all, that I cannot submit to any such system of browbeating and arrogance as you have instituted to-day. To-morrow I become your brother's wife, and it will rest with you whether our relations in the future ore amicable or not. Good-morning." And before the astonished woman could recover from her surprise, Cecile had turned, and, speeding down the path, was half way to the house before she could recover her breath. Mrs. Langley watched her until she disappeared within the door, noting her graceful bearing, her slender, perfect form, and her firm, proud step. She had not half had her say out, but it could not be helped now; Cockle's calm, quiet dignity, her decisive words, and her dauntless manner had taken her entirely by surprise. " I thought she was but a pretty doll-a vain, silly, empty-pated girl, but I was never more mistaken in my life," she muttered to herself ; " she has the fire and spirit of the ordinary girls, although she is usually be quiet and gentle. What a pity that she has lost everything I could find no fault with her but for that." With these observations, she returned to her carriage, which was waiting, for the last time, for her before the stately mansion of the Vavasours. As she was upon the point of entering it, a swarthy hand was thrust before her, and a plaintive voice said: " Please, missis, give me a dime I'm powerful hungry." She turned and found a tall, finely formed woman of color evidently an octoroon Handing by her side. She was apparently about fifty years of age, and she must have been very handsome when she was young, for the remnant of a grand beauty yet lingered upon her clear-cut, regular, though sharpened features. She was poorly, though neatly dressed in a dark clean print, with a white handkerchief crossed upon her bosom, after the fashion of the colored people of the South. Her abundant hair, somewhat way, but smooth and glossy as polished jet, was turned in a massive coil at the back of her head; a finely shaped head it was, too, with a broad, intellectual forehead, such as is seldom seen in one of her race. Her eyes were large, but very expressive, and there was a peculiar mournfnlnee. in them just now, as she held out her hand for the paltry sum she had craved to buy bread to satisfy the demands of hunger. As Helen Langley turned to see who was begging of her, the woman fell back as if some unseen person had struck her a blow, and uttered a low cry of surprise, that was at the same time half a moan of terror, her face blanching to a sickly yellow, Something in her intensely black eyes, her cry trout regular features, and in the stately bearing of the woman arrested Helen's attention nay more, it startled her! " Who are you ?" she asked, with a strange tighten- ing about the muscles of her throat. " A poor woman who is hungry, missia," the creature returned, with averted face, but evidently struggling with some inward emotion. '* What is your name ?" " Selma," was the brief reply. "Selma? Selma what?'' and the proud woman of fashion bent nearer, awaiting her answer with strange eagerness, the colour forsaking her cheeks, a tung wondering, half-frightened look in her eyes. The woman glanced up at her-a quick earnest, searching glance. " Nothing but Selma," she said, sullenly, although she was trembling, visibly. "Where were you raised ? Were you born in Kentucky ?" sharply demanded Mrs. Langley, while she clutched at the strings of her hat as if they choked her. The woman's lips twitched nervously, her face was ghastly pale, and she folded her arms across her breast as if to quell the fierce throbbing of her heart, which even stirred the spotless kerchief folded over it, as she answered in husky tones : " Kentucky ! Kentucky The words were like a moan of pain ; then lifting her proud head with a sort of pitiful defiance, she continued: " Never mind, missis, where I was raised. I'm only Selma-wandering Selma, with no friends, no home, nothing. Give me some money, honey, please. Its powerful hungry ; you're rich, you're like a queen, so grand, so beautiful." Her eyes lighted with wonderful brilliancy as she went on " You are never hungry, you never want for anything. Ah, honey, pray God you never may. You could not bear it you, do like a delicate flower; but, please missis, just one time." "Thank'ee, honey," he concluded, as Helen dropped a piece of silver into her outstretched palm and theoJurnod away with blanching lips, a look of terror in her eyes, and with a wildly beating heart she groped her way blindly into her carriage, and sank breathless among its luxurious cushions, and was driven away, while the poor creature who had begged from her, stood looking after her with hearing breast, tightly clenched hands, and a face that was almost convulsed with anguish. Helen Langley, on reaching her home, went directly to her bedroom, shut and locked the door, and then threw back her veil and looked in the glass: " I feel yes, and I look as if I had seen a ghost, and I believe I have the faltered, with lips that still were colorless, CHAPTER IV. MARRIED. Cecil's was cut to the very heart from her interview with Mrs. Langley. She was mortified, grieved, angry. But a certain pride and dignity, of which she herself had not been aware of possessing until now, sustained her, and she resolved that she would not allow that woman's insolence and arrogance to make her miserable. All day long, however, the scene of the morning remained in her mind, and the more she thought of it, the more she despised Helen for the part she had played in it and yet she felt quite sure she would bend all her energies, and use all her influence, to persuade Howard to relinquish all idea of marriage with her. " She will not succeed,' she said to herself, with a quiet smile of trust, as she sat in the fading light at the close of the day, waiting for her lover to come. " Howard is as true as truth itself, and he will never be influenced by her, and I shall do as he wishes, and my own heart dictates. For once," and she could not repress a smile of scornful amusement at the thought, " . a Montgomery' will marry a poor girl, and I will yet show Helen Langley that one of her proud race will be prouder of the fact prouder to acknowledge me, who have not a dollar to bring him rub his wife, than if I was the possessor of millions." The fair face of the young bride-elect had seemed to change since morning. There was a deeper, more thoughtful look in her dark blue eyes there were firmer graver lines about her sweet mouth; indeed her whole countenance had assumed a more mature expression, while there was a dignity in her manner and carriage that she had never possessed before ; she was beginning to be conscious that life held some stern realities, and that it would require much of decision and Independence to meet and conquer them. She resolved not to mention the fact of Helen's visit, and its object, to Howard when he came. She knew it would make him both indignant and unhappy, and do her no good beyond arousing his sympathy for her; and unless he should see fit to mention his sister's objections to her first, he should never know of the ordeal to which she had been subjected that day. But Howard- said nothing ; he had been very busy all day arranging with Mr, Vavasour's creditors regarding the articles that be wished reserved for Cecile, while his own business also had demanded much attention. He had sent a note that morning to Mrs. Langley, telling her of his intentions, and requesting her presence at the ceremony on Saturday at eleven. He had also mentioned that he and his bride would sail for Europe the week following. Helen did not receive this note until after her return from her visit to Cecile, and then all the notice she took of it was to cast it angrily into the fire, and vow vengeance upon the poor inoffensive girl, if ever the opportunity should occur. Howard very thoughtfully made arrangements with Mrs. Carroll and her two daughters, of whom Cecile had spoken, to go to her the night before the wedding, and remain until it was over, that she might not feel so utterly alone, and might have some one to counsel and assist her in the necessary preparations for the event. Saturday-a bright, glad morning in the last of May- a very small, select company gathered in the great parlors of the Vavasour mansion, to witness the ceremony that was to make Cecile Vavasour the wife of Howard Montgomery. Very fair and beautiful the young girl looked, as she entered the room a few minutes past eleven, leaning upon the arm of her many lover. Her dress was exquisitely simple and lovely composed of white crepe, with no trimming gave full ruchings of the material. Her veil, which completely covered her was fastened over her golden hair, which shone like sunshine through mist, by two huge simple pearls, with invisible settings, and comprised her only ornaments. There was not an atom of color about her, save the dazzling gold of her hair, and the wonderful azure of her eyes, and she seemed almost like some heavenly vision, too pure and beautiful for earth, and more than one of the few guests present felt the tears rise unbidden to their eyes as they looked upon the lovely orphan, and realized the deep sorrow through which she had so recently been called to pass, and thought how much of sadness must be mingled with the event of that important hour. Some surprise was felt that Mrs. Langley should absent herself from the wedding ; but those present were too well-bred to express it, and the fact was quietly ignored. When Howard had gone to Cockle's boudoir to lead her below, be found her alone, and waiting for him. He stopped with a quickly drawn breath upon the threshold, as she turned bet pure, tender eyes upon him, She seemed to him almost like some vestal/virgin, too pure to belong to the world- too sacred to be claimed by him ; but the glad light Tables glorified her face when she saw him, dispelled bia fancies, and he went forward and took her reverently into his arms. he "My darling, he whispered, tenderly, "youeeem beyond me to-day. Somehow I do not feel worthy of you." " Howard, don't say that please, for you are all that I have in the world, and it is I who am not worthy of you," Cecile returned, clinging to him. '. But," she added, a glow coming into her cheeks. " I believe that our love makes us worthy of each other." Howard smiled. " What wise and apt little sayings you utter sometimes, Cecile," be said. " Yes, I believe that our love is true and pure and that alone would make us worthy of each other. But, dearest, I never saw you so lovely in your life before as you are now." Her eyes deepened and glowed. " That is what I shall live for henceforth, to be lovely in your eight, Howard," she said. He bent forward and kissed her tenderly, the caress expressing more than words could have done, and at that instant the clock upon the mantel chimed eleven strokes with its silver hammer. Both started slightly at the sound. " Who is below ?" Cecil's asked, a grave look settling over her face. " The Eldred, Leverns, Frank Hovey, Appleton Tracy, and the Carrots only a very few, dear besides Rev. Mr. Lathrop." Her eyes still lingered upon his as if she would question him further, and he seemed to interpret their mute query, for he continued, a flush rising to his brow : " Helen has not come, although I sent her word yesterday at what hour the ceremony would occur. I offended her deeply a few days ago, and perhaps she has not forgiven me yet: Bet do not allow her absence to trouble you, my darling, she will feel ashamed of it by and by." Cecile made no reply, but almost unconsciously her form straightened, end her head assumed prouder poise. The blood of the Vavasour was every bit as good as that of the Montgomery, and Helen Langley should never trample upon her simply because fortune had favored her with a heavy purse. " Are you ready, love of Howard asked, wondering somewhat at the cold look that shot into her eyes. And for answer she gravely laid her white-gloved hand upon his arm, and they went below into the fhwer-garlanded room, where, in a few simple, but solemn words the clergyman made them husband and wife, praying earnestly that the best of earth's blessings might be theirs as they walked together on life's journey; while not one of that company dreamed of the fearful darkness, wretchedness, and misery which was to shroud their pathway almost from the very beginning. More than once during that short ceremony choking sob arose in Cectle's white throat as she thought of those dear ones sleeping in Greenwood, and that she could receive no fond parental blessing on the most important day of her life. But she gave no outward sign of her sorrow ; she was fast learning lessons of self-control, and no one would have imagined from her grave and composed manner that bitter longing and heart-breaking grief were raging within her bosom. The words were spoken, and Cecile VavasourWas Howard Montgomery's wife, and as he lifted her veil and touched her lips there was a world of love in his look, and of repressed tender. loss in his manner. The congratulations which followed were very quietly though earnestly spoken, for every one felt the sadness that hung over the house, and knew that anything like demonstrative joy would grate on the young bride's sensitive nerves. A sumptuous breakfast had been spread in the grand dining room ; the last that Cecil was to eat in the beautiful home where she had been so happy and free from care and after this week served the guests departed, leaving the newly- made husband and wife to take their farewell of the place by themselves. They gathered together what few treasures they were to take with them the remainder were to be carefully packed and stored until their return from Europe and then went away to spend the week that remained to them before sailing at the Grand Union Hotel, Three days later an auctioneer's flag floated over the porch of the Vavasour mansion, and one after another of its luxurious appointments were struck off to the highest bidder, and it was not long before its lofty rooms and halls were rifled of their beauty and glory, and left empty, silent, and desolate. The following Saturday, Mr. and Mrs. Howard Montgomery went on board the Britannia, of the White Star line, bound for their European trip. As they were passing from the carriage to the steamer Howard suddenly stopped, saying he would like to get some morning papers, and leading Cecile to a small waiting-room near by, be left her to go in search of some. She had not been alone more than a minute when a boy darted into the room and thrust a note into her and then disappeared as quickly as he had come. She instantly recognised him as being Mrs. Lang- ley's errand boy, and surmised at once from whom the note might be. Imagining that it might be something of an unpleasant nature, she put it into her pocket, thinking she would not read it until she could be by herself. Howard was liable to return, and she did not wish to disturb him unnecessarily. Half an hour later, while her husband was busy looking after their baggage, she slipped into their state-room and read it. It was curt, insolent, and bitter Cecily Vavasour.-! shall never forgive you, and you will live to regret the step you have taken. You may live for years thinking you are blessed and happy ; you may travel the world over i but vengeance will pursue you and wait for you. You are the cause of a bitter estrangement between me and brother, and when he first of you, at I know he will, you i e-?"-' e If.- "-.-------". You are the cause of bitter estrangement between me and my brother, and when he first of you, at I know he will, you will experience something of what I now lee- You have defied me, and for that beware I I repeat, you will live to regret it. n N Langley." Cecil's face was pale as she read this, but a smile of scorn curled her lips, while she tore the note into atoms and scattered them out of her window upon the waters. " It is but the idle threat of an angry woman, I give it to the winds, she said. " Howard tire of me ? Never 1" she continued, a look of high resolve settling over her face. " Helen Langley, you have made a mistake in your estimate of my character, and you will live to find that I had something better than money. to give to your brother when I became his. wife's love that will overcome every obstacle for his sake, and make me so necessary to his happiness and life that name, fortune, and position will be nothing in comparison." When her husband sought her to go on deck and watch the steamer leave her moorings Cecil's face was as serene and untroubled as if no such person as Helen Langley existed, and she had indeed given her threats to the winds. CHAPTER V. A FBKSBNTXM-NT. A year of weighty travel; a year of wandering along scenes of beauty and art ; a year of such peril feet joy and blessedness as seldom falls to the lot of human beings in this sin-blighted world a year of utter contest, of freedom, from care, of delightful study and culture, and toss'. Howard Montgomery and his fair young wife egan to long for a return to their own country. To Cecil's this year had passed like a beautiful dream. They had been everywhere, and seen everything, and in every place. This aspiring young wife had bought books and maps, and maO herself mistress of both the history and geography the locality, reading by the hour to her h_eband,V,termined that this opportunity should be improved the utmost. She studied art and artists with a zoo which few travellers possess, and became so familiar with the style Bad works of the old masters that she can. tell, almost at a glance, to whom a painting by longed. Seldom, I ween, do tourists visit the old world and gather up knowledge, and store away incident, and romance, and legend, as did this fair enthusiast, who had vowed to rise to her husband's level, and make herself so necessary to his happiness that the evil prophecy of his ill-natured sister-" that he would tire of her could never by any possibility be fulfilled. Hand in hand, all by themselves, with no one to annoy and criticise, these wedded lovers had visited the palaces and galleries of art scattered through all Europe; they had moved through the fragrant groves of orange, and lemon, and olive in sunny Italy spent weeks in the " Eternal City," visiting the ruins of its temples, palaces, and churches' they had traversed the deserted streets of those on w buried, but now partially excavated cities, Herculaneum and Pompeii, climbed Vesuvius, and sailed upon the fair bay of Naples, Now they ascended to Alpine heights-now spent a few weeks upon the shores of some beautiful lake and penetrated into Russia, Austria, and Turkey. Ah ! it was a year never to be forgotten ; it was like a poem-a vision of delight, and just as the moon of the twelfth month was waning there came to the happy couple a crowning joy-a sweet spirit in human form, dainty, perfect, almost divine. A second Cecile this little one bade fair to be, and in this wondrous happiness of fatherhood and motherhood, it almost seemed as if heaven itself had opened for them. Howard, it makes me afraid," Cecile said one day with a sort of awe stealing over him as they were both hovering over the little one with tender smiles and fond, happy faces. "What makes you afraid, my darling P" he asked, in surprise, but bending forward to kiss her beautiful lips. , This happiness our love-this perfect content," "Are those not strange things to be afraid of F What do you fear?" he asked, smiling down into her serious eyes. "I do not know," she answered, with a slight shiver, " but do you remember that perfect day when we left Venice for a sail down the Adriatic The bomb was like burnished silver ; the sky like an azure dome; our vessel like a cradle; but before we were aware of it the heavens grew black, the waters like a boiling cauldron, and a terrible death stared us in the face for hours.- Do you remember, Howard ?" " Yes, dear, of course I remember ; no one could forget so terrible an experience. But why do you speak of it in connection with our joy now ? Surely you do not anticipate that our life, so auspiciously begun, will terminate in anything so fierce and his assigns 1 You are weak yet, from your illness, Cecile. life m are nervous and imaginative. Let us take our ha,. Miles as it is given to us, and not mar it unnecessarily by the expectation of evil," Howard returned fondly. I si ppose I am foolish to think of any such thing, but, oh, Howard, I am so perfectly happy and content ; be honored and blessed in your love, and almost transported with delight in the possession of this living little gem- this priceless treasure whom God has sent to us, that I tremble lest something should occur to poison our joy-to dash our "aim- ming cup to the ground." " Cecile," her husband answered, gravely. " 1" realize as well as you do that our life at present is filled with brightness and promise, and I can discern a yet no shadow that is likely to fall upon it. But we know that trials must come to every one they will doubtless come to us in some form or other ; I expect them, and if God sends them I trust we shall both bear them in the right spirit for we know it is those whom he loveth that he chasteneth.' But while we have each other while we love each other, have our health and our child spared to us, we can bravely meet almost anything else." "Ah year Cecile said, earnestly, "I could bear anything else. I should not dread any earthly trouble, if I could only be assured that these blessings will be vouchsafed to me. But since we have talked of returning I have felt oppressed at times. Howard, I could bear anything cheerfully there is nothing in the world I could not bear better than to lose you or your love," she repeated, almost trem- blingly, while she twined her fair arms about his neck and laid her cheek to her. He leaned back and looked into her face, his own very grave; ber intense, passionate devotion moved him strangely. "Little children, keep yourselves from idols, he murmured, softly, then added, with a solemnity which she had never seen in him before : " My love is something that you can never lose while I live; for myself, of course, I cannot answer BE I am not my own keeper. "But," he continued, more brightly, " do not, my darling, take that horrible day upon the Adriatic as an omen of our future. I never dreamed that the memory of it would cling to you in this way ; or, if it will haunt you in spite of yourself, do not forget its glorious close; its matchless sunset; its gorgeous clouds; which hung like beautiful paintings upon the western sky ; our peace and joy for our safety, after our our extreme peril ; how we glided smoothly into port over the almost pulseless bosom of the waters, and the enchantment of the mellow voices of the Italian sailors, as they care of their evening hymn. If we get through life with only one storm, he added, laughingly. "I think we may consider ourselves very fortunate, and we shall do better than very many people." Crolls smiled at his pleasantry, but there was a wistful look, notwithstanding, in her fathomless eyes. She could not own even to him how vividly Helen Langley', malicious words had impressed her ever since they had begun to talk of returning to America, and as she turned to take her child, who just then walked, she breathed an earnest prayer that all evil might be kept from her treasures, Little Margaret Montgomery, or " Daisy," as they fondly called her first opened her starry eyes to this world on the borders of beautiful Lake Geneva, where, in the shadow of glorious old Mont Blanc, and beneath lovely Alpine skies, they tested for several weeks, , When Cecile was strong enough they went from here to Paris for a month ; from there to London for another week, and thence to Liverpool, where they were to take the steamer for r-" At Liverpool they were of three or four days, as the intended to sail had met w last return voyage, and season for the advertised They took rooms, do for from the pier from they were not at all gave them an oppor- interest, over whip' during the previous A good nurse b young, strong, go to " emigrate who was d child ; so ~ go and Co had She had. she had acq. session which ends. Everywhere they guished looking America, respect, and Howard Montgom. . proud of his lovely, accomplished ; w». was more deeply in love with her than it. before their marriage, and could his sister bay., 2 them together, she would have thought any other result was likely to occur rather than what she had prophesied that " he would her der." The "Germania" was at le", ready to sail and on a bright, perfect day in July, our friends went on board, and settled themselves comfortably for the homeward voyage, both light-hearted and joyous anticipating this home-coming with all the delight which all long absent wanderers experience when their faces are set toward their native shores. After their travelling appurtenances had been disposed of in their state rooms, baby Daisy-who was sweetly sleeping deposited in a berth, and nurse sitting by to watch her, Howard took his wife on deck to find a comfortable place for the chairs, where they might watch other arrivals, and the steamer as she left her moorings, He found a cool, shady spot beneath a bridge of the upper deck, settled Cecile in her chair, placed a footstool for her feet, and then tossing some magazines into her lap, asked if she was comfortable," " I am always that you never allow me to be any other way but comfortable," she answered, smiling affectionately up into his face. His glowing eyes told her that if they had been beyond observation, she would have received something more than a verbal return for her sweet appreciation of his attention. He stood beside her, not feeling inclined just then to sit, and taking off his hat, drew forth his handkerchief to wipe the perspiration from his forehead. As he did so, a paper that had been in the same pocket dropped at his feet, He stooped to pick it up, and a blank look instantly settled upon his face. " What is it?" Cecile asked, observing it. "It is the bill for the rugs and shawls that I bought for you and nurse yesterday," be said, in dismay, I have forgotten to settle it." Oh, Howard I how did it happen ? It is not like you to forget anything like that," Cecile said, ruefully: "I know it," he returned, with a troubled air but I had just paid our passage money and found that I had not quite enough with me to settle' the bill, so I told the clerk of whom I had purchased the articles, to send the bill to the office of the hotel and I would pay it there. I received it last evening, and intended to go at once and make it all right, but met Jacobson, who had just arrived on the Britannia from New York, and became so interested in talking over some matters with him that it slipped my mind ; then you know we all went to the theatre; and to-day, with all the bustle and confusion, of course it has not occurred to me." " What can you do about it F" Cecil's asked, ans. rously. HowBtd looked at his watch. "There are two hours yet before the steamer sails, he said, meditatively. " tci»'r._.ilygo'_|d settle it in half an hour ; *"_._ shop is only a few «tV,."*lka*> the hotel where we stopped." I " Oh Howard 1 could you not send it If anything should happen," Cecile said nervously. " What could happen, dear P The store is not ten minutes drive from here. I can easily go and return in half an hour ; but to make sure I will see the captain." He turned abruptly, and left her as he ceased speaking, but Cecile shivered as if from the cold, while the day seemed suddenly to have lost half- its brightness. " How foolish I am," she murmured, impatiently; " Of course Howard would run no risk, and I have no right to question his judgment," and yet there was a strange sinking at her heart-a presentime of some coming evil. Howard soon returned, looking much relief "The captain says there will be plenty o' dear," he said, " so I will take a carriage and' as quickly as I can." " I tenth you did not need to go. Is there no. one whom you can send instead P" the young asked, reaching out to take her husband's hr clinging to it. "I wish I did not need to go, too ; but me right for my carelessness," he as- -? of " I do not know of anyone which I can send-.. body is so busy on board, and I should not know whom to trust. I must have the bill receipe., too you know." Still Cecilia clung to him it did not seem as if she could let him go. " Do not worry, my darling. I will return with all possible dispatch, and I should not like to go home leaving a hill like this unpaid." He bent down to her, ostensibly to wrap the shawl, which was falling from her shoulders, more closely around her, but really to touch her anxious brow reassuringly with his lips, and then he made his way quickly from the steamer, while as she watched his retreating form there arose to Cecilia's mind with a vividness that was startling the memory of that terrible day on the Adriatic- of that storm which had so nearly wrecked them-so nearly blotted them of of existence. Was it some bird of ill-omen whispering to her of the dark future awaiting her-of the pain, and suffering, and toil of the misery and suspense that were to test her power of endurance, her faith and love to the utmost. (Tobeconttnucd.) 