THE POMEROY COMPANY. " HAMLET " played by a lady is a novelty as far as Brisbane is concerned. In the southern colonies the character has been filled by Miss Cleveland, and again by Miss Rose Evans, and still later by Miss Pomeroy ; but in Brisbane prior to last night no woman had over under- taken this task. It has been said that the in- congruities and complexities of this character can only be accounted for on the supposition that Hamlet was a woman disguised as a man for State reasons and it may possibly be upon this hypothesis that Miss Pomeroy and other ladies have made it one of the objects of their ambition to give to the public a proper representation of this creation of Shakspeare. Whether this is so or not we will not under- take to say; but seeing that the immortal Bard has given to the world so many beautiful feminine characters, many of them worthy the ambition of artistes of the highest culture, it is difficult to see why on any other supposition, Actresses should not be content to confine themselves to these, and leave to men what can best be done by them. Miss Pomeroy played "Hamlet" for the first time a month or two ago in Ballarat, and subsequently in Melbourne, and, we believe, in Sydney. The announcement of her intention to appear in the character here naturally excited a good deal of interest, and there was a very fair house last night to witness the performance. When she first appeared, and during the first act, she was successful enough to sink her own identity and to give a good idea of the melancholy philosophical Done. Throughout the whole progress of the play her performance was marked with good elocution. The well known "soliloquy" and many other of the familiar passages in which are revealed to us the characteristics of Hamlet-the weak in mind, the quick to resolve but slow to act, the man of w oils, not deeds were delivered with correct emphasis and appropriate attitude. In fact, Miss Pomeroy showed that she had given to the character much thought and intelligent study, the result being, no doubt, a performance in many respects clever and entertaining. If she did not fully portray the depths, the subtleties of the character, it was probably not expected that she would do so. Of Hamlet, it has been said: He is as it were wrapped up in the cloud of his reflections, and only thinks aloud. There should, therefore, be no attempt to impress what he says upon others by any exaggeration of emphasis or manner, not talking at his hearers. There should be an much of the scholar and gentleman as possible infused into the part, and as little of the actor. A pensive air of sadness should sit unwillingly noon his brow. He is full of weakness and melancholy,' but there is no harshness in his nature. Hamlet should be the most amiable of misanthropes. There is no one line of this play which should be spoken like any one line in Richard.' " An actor or an actress, for the matter of that to give a really successful rendering of the Prince of Denmark must be able to entirely sink personal identity, and, so to speak, be Hamlet. It was in this respeitMiss Pomeroy failed. Except in the first act one could not forget that she was Miss Pomeroy-that she was a woman. As a consequence, the illusion was spoiled the manly vigour, the imaginative force. albert attended by a lack of manly courage and a vacillating spirit-so essential to the true Hamlet were wanting. It is only fair to Miss Pomeroy, however, to say that her performance met with undoubted favour with a large portion of her audience, and she was frequently recalled. Unfortunately, the bouquets that were strewn at her foot only served further to destroy the illusion referred to. Of the other characters, Miss Jenyns deserves praise for her Ophelia. It was the first time she had played the part, and she certainly played it well. She was quiet, graceful, and ladylike in the earlier parts of the play, and gave a pathetic and finished rendering of the "mad scene." Mr. Holloway was a first- rate Ghost, and Mr. Elliot was good as Laertes. Miss Kate Arden made the best Queen we have seen in Brisbane for a good while, but Mr. Vernon can hardly be congratulated upon his King Claudius, air. Carey, who had a double role to fill was a fair Polonia, and a capital First Gravedigger. Mr. Mcdcnlfe's Horatio was also creditable The play will be repeated to-night. 