Mark Twain. HIS LATEST ODDITY— A NEW VERSION OF 'HAMLET.' Cebieco weekly post.! Access has been had to the advanced sheets of Mark Twain's new play, -which, -will be brought out 'in New York some tune during the coining 'winter. |It is not exactly a newplay, butrather arevieioaof ' Hamlet.' According to Twain's idea ' Hamlet' as it eanie from the pen of Shakespeare was incom plete. Twain assumes that a man of Hamlet's ixnelancholv and excentric teinnerament most of (necessity had. a y-ranger brotlxer in the family of a imore sprightly and sunny disposition. Twain guis itains his theory in the following ingenious argu ments : — 'We find in the History of England and Parts Adjacent, page 4, 11, 44, volume 2, the following lletter from the King of Denmark to Tom Sayers, ?am old friend of his : — Dear Tom. : Those hair-stuff ed boxing gloves and foils came by the 'Mark Lane Express' jfMark lane, who ran the express company, -was a ?distant uncle of the author. — M. T.j in good jorder, C. O. D. Hamlet, my eldest eon, being of a [taciturn and melancholy disposition, takes very {little stock in the gloves, as a blow on the .nose |only serves to increase his melancholy. THiis'.I have given ye gloves to Billy, my second born, ?who is as lively as a cricket on his pins and a Jovial lad withal, -who takes kindly to ye manly sport of boxing. Yesterday he thumped his teacher most soundly on ye bngie, for which- 1 ^rewarded Ihim by giving him a silver-mounted wassail bowl, filled to the uppermost rim with good brown al^. jlf you make your match withCrabb, letmeknbtf, land send a couple of tickets for seats pretty close .to the ropes, if you want backing, the whole 'exchequer of Denmark and the eub-treasurj thrown in is Yours truly, . - * TTintr of Denmark, f From, this historical ecrap ' Mr. Clemens pro ceeds to reconstruct the phiy, holding, with no little show of reason, that Shakespeare had no license, poetical or otherwise, to give Hamlet a prominence not accorded to his younger brother. ^CwainjCQulanoeSi^r. - '.,..,.- ? --,. 'Other letters fromLthe King to. Sayer% now in Sf possession, being kindly loaned by the British useum, go to show that Shakespeare had a grudge against Billy, the younger brother, because ? when Shakespeare visited the palace jof Glaudiufe, Billy put an old candlesnuffer in Shakespeare's, boot, & frolicsome proceeding which, bo incensed the bard that he never forgave the young rased. Persons who have had candlesnuffers placed fn: their bootB can readily appreciate the motives which governed the poet in making no reference to Billy in the play except, where he appears to him — ? (.'?'.'?'?? ' ?*' .?'Jjikeajaflaewecl'ear j. f Blasting htewl^lesomfi brother.*'. . . , ; , '. ' The events at Elsinore happened «s I haye written them. ShakeBpeare transposed and flis torted the facts, and- I cannot' conscienttouBly allpw_these jjoss.histprical misjakes.^)_passjai corrected. . r. L^ . r ,v . r;L ., t:-7,jr '?-?-? ? TttH IJxi. In his revised version Twain takes liberties with the original text, which strongly remind pne of Boucicault adapting a French drama for tne American stage. . ? ? : ' £ *'*' In the first act, where Bernado :and' PranSsco Indulge in a coloquy on tlie platform along .wiyi Marccllus and Horatio, /'WilliaSn ^ conies in^id lets tip the refreshments for the guards out si a fcitle-4»lacfc-}-ofctle, lmfe«efuBe»*he-two-ia**e»-*o ?tave a second pull at the flaak after they_begin. bo talk of the apparition, on the grounds that he loes not care J» . encourage so pronounced ..a .ease OX Q-GxLXItXIll 'tXGDl©llfl, T^pnardsiien leave William to himself , and after they have a^sappeare^hefrirsisintb an im tuoderate fit of tesaghter. Hefim slips away, and in a side scene is represented dressing himself up in hifl father's armour and covering himself with some mosquito netting, n»»-'lr'ig up as a ghost. As soon as his arrangements are complete he stalks in and frightens the wits out of Bernardo and Horatio, y»»fr*'g several tours out in the side Bccnes, where he goes to hide his merriment at the success of his trick. When Horatio is telling Hamlet of the appari tion, William listens with mouth wide open, apparently transfixed -with fear, but after they are gone he turns to Hamlet with ' Hamlet, do you swallow all this P Don't you know all thoBa fellows are as crazy as bedbugs ? J3o you s'pose the old man would walk around this castle with hie armour on? What in the deuce does a ghost want of armour ? Besides, a' ghost ain't capable of packin' armour around, j Why, in the laefc few years before dad died he wasn't hardly able to waddle about in that one hundred and ten pound suit. Don't you know, when he came in from that last dress parade, he paid he'd be switched if he'd ever put the old brass togs on again. Pshaw, old boy, have some sense, IBS GHOST WALKING SCENE. In the fourth scene William gets himself up in fine shape, and rehearses the ghost-walking scene, until he is entirely satisfied with himself, while he indulges in the following soliloquy : — *' Perhaps this won't catch him. Oh, no ! He'll think it the true business, and no mistake. If X can get Mm about half crazy I can corral the girt Blamed if he'd have far to go.' In this 800HG Twain has followed the original text pretty closely. The following extracts will give a general idea of his treatment of it : Ham. ? 'My fete cries out And makes each potty artery in this body As hmdy as the Keme&n; Kou's nerve [Ghost beckons. Still X am o&Uod.; tJi^umd vxea gentlemen. [Breaking from them. By toaven, I'll moke a ghost of him that lets mo 1 J say, away I do on, I'll follow thee. William— —Oh, he's coming'. I've got him cranked already. The harrowing tale which William, as the Ghost, unfolds runs in this practical fashion : ' I am thy father's spirit. Doomed to an ever lasting swing around the circle. I could a tale unfold that would lift your hat to the ceiling. If there ever was a slick old fraud your uncle is that man. The newspaper reports about my death were all wrong, although as near right as all newspaper reports. Mountain fever never got away with me. The man who is now in my poli tical shoes dumped an ounce of prussic acid in my ear, and that did the business. I can tell you, Hamlet, that for a good, quick, reliable poison, I consider prussic acid as unequalled. I am willing to furnish testimonials for the trade.' The ghost then proceeds at considerable length to tell Hamlet what to do and how to get even with his uncle, interspersing his story with some side splitting 'asides,' which are in Twain's best -vein. Through the entire play the pranks of William are indescribably ludicrous, as he appears in the double role of ghost and adviser to Hamlet in the flesh. 'When not masquerading with his materialising seances he is going about with his brother trying to dissuade him from doing anything rash, and telling him what an infernal fool he is for taking any stock in the supernatural, occasionally withdrawing to a quiet place to hold his sides and laugh, when his hil arity threatens to escape from his control. His prime idea is to get even on his uncle and stepfather, for whom he has the most profound contempt, but when events thicken as the direct result of his pranks, lie studies to undo his work, and on one occasion confesses the fraud and tries to get Hamlet to look at -the armour and mosquito netting, but Hamlet only looks upon it as a dodge to dissuade him from his purpose, and will listen to nothing. In the latter part of the play he sobers down and calmly allows events to take their course. In the closing scene he gazes upon the work of death, and coolly orders ' a bolt of black crape,' while he announces that his mourning will be wholesale. Some of the passages are intensely funny and in others the humour is forced, with a tendency to slang ; but as a whole the innovation is very laughable, and the thing will no doubt attract large audiences wherever the piece is played. 