Tjie Cursing Psalm- " The old story. No fault in the Book, but I have misunderstood it." Such. was my feeling on finding what seems to me a really satisfactory ex planation of a standing Bible difficulty. I found it in a paper by the Rev. Joseph Hammond in the Vol. for 1875 of that most useful Magazine, " The , , Expositor," and having freely received it I should like freely to give it to the readers of the " Standard," i hoping that some of them may find it as great a ; relief as I do. Mr. Hammond's argument is too ' long for the "Standard," so I have used my own words, though I have little to add to what he has advanced. 1 have called the cursing Psalm, by which I mean the 109th, a standing difficulty, and I think there - v can be few attentive worshippers in our Church who have not felt sometimes perplexed at it. It is puzzling to find a string of bitter curses upon some enemy extending over iio" less than fourteen consecutive verses, upon the lips of David. For we know something of David, and we kuow he was not a vindictive man. Over and over again he spared, his euemies when he. had them in his power, and restrained the fevenge of his followers. Could he have kept all his Venom for his prayers?. It is puazliug too to know in what possible sense we are to adopt as our prayer such fearful petitions as, u Let his prayer become sin" Let not the siuof his mother be done away." And the difficulty is not removed at< all by a closer examination of the Psalin or by mending the translation , as it may be mended here and there. Wheu from v. 20 we have removed the words in . italics " Let this be the reward of mine adversaries," and altered " reward " into " work " as it is trans lated elsewhere e.g. The wicked worketh a deceitful . - Work, Prov. xi. 18, see Ps. xvii. 4. "This is the work of mine adversaries," and in v. 29 read " Mine adversaries shall be, clothed with shame, and shall cover themselves with their own confusion " we have only made more striking the fact that the Psalm is not only inconsistent with what we know of David, but with itself. It begins and ends with complaints about the conduct of certain enemies and cries to God for help, which any Christian might have written ; it breaks off at v. 6 to pour out a tor rent of maledictions against oneoi these adversaries. Can it be the same man who in v. 4 says "For my love they are mine adversaries but 1 give myself' un to prayer" who says in v. G "Let an adversary stand at his right hand " and in v. 7 " let his prayer become sin?," who utters all these Curses and then calmly says afterwards "Let them curse but bless Thou " as if they did all the cursing ? Let us suppose that it 's not so. Let us insert at the end of v. 5 the one word " saying " and take the -nekt "foiirte'en - verses as David's quotation of the ' #bthrd,HWlth'rh,l6HvFe "has jifM 'to lit his Almighty- Friend " his Anemies compass him about, and all seems clear. Instead of David calling dowq imprecations upon Doeg, or Saul, or iShitnei, or Ahithophei, their Ancestors and descendants; we have Shimei, or such an one, cursing David. We see the heart-broken king going forth from his capital ; his spoiled sou Absolom has risen against him ; there comes forth to meet him a man of Ben jamin of the family of Saul, the deposed royal line. He is revolving in his mind every bitter spiteful thing with which to taunt his- fallen sovereign, thinking how he can just mingle enough truth with his lying accusations to make them go home. " He came forth, and cursed still as he came " - we are told 2 Sam. xvi. 5. Do not the words of Ps. cix. 6-20 just suit his lips ? Do not 'the words of David v. 1-6 and 20-31 just' suit the circum stances ? The change of tone in the Psalm occurs just where the change takes place from the men tion of adversaries in the plural, to that of some one enemy in the singular. Let us make the comparison. Thb History. 2 Sam. xvi. 5 " Thence came out a man of the house of itul ..... aud cursed stiil as he came, v. 8 aud said the Lord hath returned upon thee ail the blood of the house of Saul iu whose stead thou hast reigned behold thou, art taken in thy mischief because thou arc a bloody man. Thb Psalm. " The mouth of a wicked man and a mouth of deceit are opened against me.' They compassed me about with words of hatred, and fought against me without a cause. They have rewarded me evil for good and hatred for my love." How just this complaint of David's was may be seen by reference to 2 8am. i. and- ix. v. 7. " And thus said Shiuiei when he cursed j come out., come out thou bloody mau aud thou mau of -Belial." v. 16. -Because that he re membered not to shew mercy, but persecuted the poor and needy man that he might even do to death the broken in heart." f This verse in the Psalm is only too true an ac count of how David had " had no pity " on the poor man's one ewe lamb, and had done to death the brave soldier whose domestic happiness he had de stroyed. v. 10. David says " Let him curse because the Lord hath said uuto hiiu, curse David. v. 11. " Let him curse for theLord hatii bidden him." i v. 12. " It may be that the Lord wiil requite me good for his cursing to-day." v. 20. " This is the work of mine adversaries from the Lord . ' . \ (The order of the verses at the foot of the preceding page as they stood in the Ms. was disarranged, and the reader at the cost of a few lines reperusal will find it set right below.) The History. y. 10. David says " Let him curse becauBe the Lord hath said unto him, curse David. . v. 11. "Let him curse for the Lord hath bidden him.', v. 12. " It may be that the Lord will requite ine go&d.; for his cursing to-day." v. 14. " And the king . . , came weary. xvii. 29. " The people is „ .hungry and weary and thirsty" . xv. 20. David says to Ittai " should I make thee go up and \- down with us? seeing I go whither-I may." v. 31. "And David said, 0 Lprd I . pray thee turn the s , counsel of Ahithophel into foolishness." See also the answer ch. xvii. U 9.3 The Pslam. v. 20. " This is the work of mine adversaries from, the Lord." 27\. " That they may know that this is thy hand, that thou Lord hast done it." .. v., 28. " Let them curse, but bless Thou." v. 24. " My knees are weak through fasting, and my flesh faileth of fatness." ' 23. " T am tossed up '.and down like the locust." v, 29. " Mine adversaries , shall cover themselves with their own confusion." Tbe peculiar vindictiveness witb wbicb the ances tors of tbe obnoxious person are spoken of is inex plicable if we suppose tbe speaker to be, David, natural if it be Shimei. We know nothing of Doeg, n .. Saul,'.Sbimei or Abitbophel to account for v. 14 of Psalni, 'VLet the iniquity of bis father be had in re-- membrance. before the Lord ; and let not the sin of \- bis mother be blotted out," but the history of Da vid's ancestry supplies a clue. We. may be sure the pedigree of the usurper, as he must have seemed to the house of Saul, would be minutely scanned and not far back would be found what Israelites would look on as a blot pn. his escut- , cheon... He had YM.oa.bite blood in his veins. The sin of his fathers, Mahlon, and Boaz had been the marry ing a strange woman, and did not the law say "A Moabite to their tenth generation shall not enter in- \- to the congregation of the Lord."- The sin of his , mother— it is easy to imagine what an evil minded . man like Shipiei would make' of Ruth's conduct. Modern Jews have explained the reference in Psalm i li. " In sin did .my mother conceive me " of her, and the men of Bethlehem, of her time seem (perhaps) \ to haVe thought her case somewhat analogous to that , of Thamar Ruth iv. 12: "We hfe Hot obliged t0:4ake.;, their view of it, but Shimfei pfbajbly would/ or would not scruple to suggest .that she had laid wait for Boaz when his heart was' merry with wine and : made him comprprnise himself. Elimelech, Mahlon, Chilion, had died childless, the adversary hopes that the curse will continue till in ni," in the generation -following their name will be ?rt;:rMbtted out." - Reading the Psalm thus too the repetition of cer tain expressions is more naturally explained. David says. " I give myself unto prayer \- His enemy says. " Let his prayer become sin." .The enemy said. "Set thou a wicked man over m him " " Let him go forth a wicked man " v. 7. where- ' . our version gives, " let him be condemned David says, " the mouth of a wicked man is open ed against me " v. 2. v&ilJphe; enemy said " when he shall be judged let him go forth a wicked man " v. 7. " Let an adversary stand at his right hand " v. 6 : David says. "He (the Lord) shall stand at the right hand of the poor, to save him from those that judge his soul " v. 31. The enemy said, "he persecuted the poor and needy man, that he, might even slay the broken in heart " v. 16 : , David says. " I am poor and needy, mi heart is wounded within me " v. 22: , Thus, all seems consistent. But may we put in that word " saying " which has thus altered the meaning? "We do it in many other places with no guide but the, context. The Hebrews had no in verted commas or other marks of quotation, the sense must, guide us. Lopk for instance at Ps. ii. v. ,3. It is quite intelligible if spoken by the same speaker as v. 1,2. yet we cannot doubt that the "aaying " is right there, and it should- probably be inserted again at the beginning of v. 6. Maiiy other instances might be given where quotations are mark ed by the insertion of " saying " or something like it in italics, and many where quotations are made but in: our Version are undistinguished in that ..manner, f . It. is quite in accordance with the manner of the Psalmists to quote the malicious words of their ad versaries in prayer to God. " There is no help for hnn in God " Ps. iii. 2. " He trusted on the Lord that he would deliver him' -let :him deliver him seeing he delighted. in him." " Where is now thy God." are instances out of many. One objection to this method of explaining the Psalm has been held to be fatal by many ; the way it is referred to by S. Peter in Acts i. In v. 16 he says, " It was needful that the Scripture should be fulfilled which the Holy Ghost spake before by the mouth of David concerning Judas ' (Revised Version) and because references to Ps. lxix. and cix. follow in v. 20 it has been assumed that they are " the Scripture " meant. But is it not more prob able that our translators were right in referring Us (see marg. A. V.) to Ps. xli. 9. which the Apostles had heard their Master quote as applying to Judas? and for the assertion in v. 20 that it is written in the book of Psalms "Let another take his office ; " why so it is written and is used by S. Peter as illus Trating the case in hand. I do not know of any other serious objection, and now leave the matter to my readers, I think they will only see more and more the fitness of this key to unlock the difficulty the more minutely they examine the Psalm in the light of David's history ; and if so I trust it may make them more patient with other similar difficulties of which as simple a solution may yet be found, though at present we see it not. Ps. xxii. 7. xxvi; 8. xli. 8. cv. 15. t Ps. xiv. 4. xxxixi 4. xli. 5, lii. -7. lxxxi. 6, lxxxix 3. cxxxii. 8,11 