Pariiameiitary Elections. MR. TUENEE ON HIS LATE PASLIAMEKTAEY ' ,. - CAREER. -)n Wedniesaay evening an address , xras delivered by 'Mr. ^f. Turner, ' late -member for Northum berland, ' to ltis .-folrnier constituents from the balcony t of Keen's ' Hotel, Plattsburg. The at tendance was the' ' largest which has been as EembhBam the. district for several years, and com pletelyiiioeked the street for some distance on both ei|^6rthe hotel. Alderman Richardson occupied the' chair and asked for a fair and quiet, hearing for their late member. Mr. - Turner who Was received with. enflmMastic chfeering after referring at £omo length to his past career.and his cbnauct in Parlia ment, revieWt^ Ihe measureB-wTiicKliad been brought forward during the time he was a member, and his own.'1' individual views on them, and on the .subject of. the Milburn Creek scandal, he stated that he was in the 'House' when that ques tion was being discussed; 'und. learning from inquiry that it would not matter whsther he -voted for or against it, as the Govenniient would certainly carry the vote,. Jie went home and-went to bed Kke a sen sible mah,. and Jeft' his ooUeaeue (Jfc.: Melvijle) to wrangle it out till 4 o'clock in the morning. (Voice : 'YouVishqWed your sense in going to bed.') The first session was closed by a debate on the financial ?'siSESment;, anS the proposal to expend eight and a. half.milh'on pounds oh the pro posed loan for construction of railways. Believing that its expenditure was in the. interests of the labouring classes he voted for it. (Voice : ' Yes ; for the IUawarra Eailway, too.) Yes ; he certainly did. (Voice: *' ? swindle,' and interruption.) Cer tainly he had spoken against it at first, but that was when the proposition was to construct it, not in con nection with other railways, but by itself ; and he held all. A vast amount of ' back scratching ' existed in Parliament, and to gain support in one particular direction it was necessary to vote for the expenditure of sums of money in other parts. (Laughter and interruption). It was put to him thus : ' We are prepared to vote for the construction of a railway to Newcastle if you will vote for the construction of one to Illawarra,' and he conceived it to be his duty to vote for its construction. [Voice : ' Don't eome that trick about Parkes. He's off watching that ghost.' Laughter.] Members, under the .cir cumstances, conld not vote for the construction of railways in other part3 withdnt voting for this one. [Voice : ' It's an infernal swindle, for all that.'] He did not think so. Many persons said that the railway to Newcastle was a swindle ; but he failed to see it, as It would be the means of opening up a source of labour for years to come. Expenditure of public money meant a demand for labour, and conse quently a rise in price. (Hear, hear.) Hence he deprecated chesse-paring economy. [Voice t 'It only means opening a railway with public money to open a colliery in the south to com pete with us.' ' Rubbish,' and 'Shut up.'] The speaker then referred to umaigratioh, tha Local Government Bill, Chinese Bestriction Bill, the Licensing Bill, and other measures. Respecting his reasons for resigning his position as member, he stated that when he was requested to represent them the matter was put to him somewhat in this light : — ' You are living in obscurity, and if returned to Parliament you may he able hi Sydney to get sometning to do, or etart some business by which, you can make some addition to the little you are making here.' He thought that the most hopeCul view to take of the case. When he came before thorn to seek their suffrages, lie knew that he could make, and was making, a living where he was, and tho chances were that ho could and would make something in addition in Sydney, such as would enable him to adequately fulfil his Parliamen tary duties. He told Mr. Eushton and others that he could not hope for a salary. He never asked for one, and never said that he expected one. TTifi eon was, at the time, in the butchering trade, and ho imagined that, by going into the same he could' do well, but a rise of nearly 250 per cent, in the price of meat during a few weeks, and a subsequent continual rise, led to losses, which he stood as long as possible ; in fact, till it was impossible for his pocket to stand it any longer. Recourse had then to be made to other means, and lie would candidly confess that had it not been for tec generous assistance of a friend then on the verandah (.Sir. Fletcher) he would have been compelled to re sign long ago. Mr. Fletcher knew his situation, and gratuitously told him that ho would help him to con tinue to hold his position. (Applause.) Some per sons had blamed him for accepting a Government position — (No, no) — but he believed they wonld have blamed him very much more if ho had not done so. (Loud cheering, and voices, 'You did right, Bill ; quite right.') He denied that 'tiite miners had made a pledge to support . him pecuniarily after his return. He had. never been promised money support, and he did not expect it. (Hear, hear.) He had endeavoured to do jiift duty in every sense, and in resigning his position he felt ho could reside amongst them without any person giving him the cold go-by because circumrtances had forced him to resign. (Loud cheers). After a few remarks from the Chairman, Mr. FiiETCBTEn., M.L.A,, moved a vote of confi dence for Mr. Turner's past services, which was carried unanimously amidst loud cheers, and the pro ceedings shortly afterwards terminated. 