DEAD MEN'S SHOES. CHAPTER ¥XlT.~(Contmued). BY. THE) AUTHOB OF "LADY ACDLEY'B 8E0BET." The drive is delightful for any one with an unburdened mind, and even Sibyl feels the sweetness of the clear winter air, and determines to make the best of an awkward concatenation of events, After all, it is better to be lolling in uncle Trenchard's carriage on one's way to a delightful old country house than to bo grinding at French or German verbs in Mrs. Hazleton's cheerless second-floor schoolroom, badly warmed by a fire that seems always made of the dullest coals that ever came from the bosom of the earth. And all this is but the filling up of a gap in her life. This chasm of time bridged over and she will be with Alexis once more, and they will have uncle Trenchard's money to spend and be happy ever afterwards. She has persuaded herself that let Alexis make what protestations he pleases in the present, he will take her to his heart again gladly when the fitting time comes. " And in the meantime there is no use in my moping and making myself miserable," reflects Sibyl, her spirits elevated by atmospheric influences, and the prospect of being the object of general admiration. " I wonder it there will be many people there 1" she speculates presently. "People with titles," suggests Marion; "a duke perhaps. I should like to see a duke— or a duchess. That would be better still. Think of her dresses, Sib. Mustn't they be magnificent!" Sibyl smiles the languid smile of contempt at her sister's simplicity. "As if there was a sliding scale for the toilet," she say e. " Why, cotton spinners' wives dress as well as duchesses now-a-days. They employ the same milliners, and pay their bills quicker." " It's dreadful to think of," replies Marion. " It seems like turning things topsy-turvy, you know." They are at the How by this time, a domain which Marion enters open- eyed and dumb with awe. Sir Wilford comes out into the porch to receive them, and gives directions about their luggage, and makes himself generally busy. Then he calls out Phoebe and introduces Marion to her, at which Marion, being almost tonguetied by shyness, says, " Thank you." " Tou show the Miss Faunthcrpes their rooms, Phcebe," says the hospitable baronet; but this is a length to which Miss Cardonnel will not go, though she conducted her dearest Cecilia to her apartment half an hour ago with her arm round Cecilia's severely trained waist. " Perker knows all about the rooms," she says, whereupon appears the essence of respectability in a black silk gown and smart cap, otherwise Mrs. Perker the housekeeper. Sibyl and Marion follow this personage up the broad oak staircase to a long perspective of corridor, in which Mrs. Perker opens two doors next each other, and reveals twin bedchambers neatly furnished with maple and chintz. " I thought you two ladies would like to be next each other," remarks the housekeeper obligingly, as if the choice of the rooms were entirely her own. " We do, very much," exclaims Marion, who regains her power of speech in this inferior presence. " I'm very glad I'm to be near Sibyl. I should be awfully afraid of ghosts in this great rambling house." Mrs. Perker smiles condescendingly, as if she were a superior order of being, accustomed to large houses and family.spectres. " It is a rambling old place," she says, " but I shouldn't fancy myself in one of your fine lightsome modern houses, all glare and gilding." " And there is a ghost, I dare say," says Marion, with thrilling interest. The housekeeper screws up her lips and smiles significantly, as if she could, and if she would, tell of as many apparitions as appear in the tragedy of " Macbeth." " There has never been a ghost owned to at the How," she says, " and I wouldn't breathe the name of such a thing in Miss Cardonnel's hearing, but people have been frightened— strangers. It may have been rats, or it may have been the wind. I cau't say. But there are friends of the family who wouldn't sleep in this corridor, no, not for a thousand pounds." Marion shudders, and almost wishes herself back in the shabby old house at the end of Redcastle. " So here are your rooms, young ladies, opening into each other." " How nice J" exclaims Marion. Never in her life has she felt more warmly attached to Sibyl than she does at this moment. Fires burn cheerily in both rooms, and each apartment has that thoroughly comfortable and convenient air only to be seen in a wellordered country house, and altogether distinct from the cheerless precision of an hotel bedchamber. There is the nice little writing table, with all things needful for correspondence, in front of the fire; the easy chair; the candles, and pincushion, and a hothouse flower or two in a slender glass on the dressing-table. All smiles a welcome to the stranger—not MISB Cardonnel's welcome, by the way, but Mrs. Perker's. 'Tve given your maid a nice room on the second floor, within easy reach of this, ma'am," says the housekeeper, at which Marion's eyes open wide with wonder. " I have no maid," replies Sibyl, unabashed by that humiliating fact; "I am accustomed to wait upon myself." " Indeed, ma'am. Some young ladies prefer it, I know. For my own part I couldn't bear anybody fidgeting about me. And if you should require any assistance Miss Cardonnel's maid will be very happy." " Thanks, no, my sister can help me if I want her." And Sibyl proceeds to open her handsome portmanteaus, while Marion contrives to stand before the shabby receptacle which contains her property, lest the scrutinizing eye of Mrs. Perker should behold its dilapidation. The housekeeper bustles off, and leaves the two girls to themselves. " It's rather like going to school again, isn't it, Sibyl!" inquires Marion, whose spirits have sunk a little, oppressed by the unfamiliar splendours of the How. " I feel just as I did the day we went to Miss Worries, and I can't help fancying we shall be told off iuto our different classes when we go downstairs." The sound of the luncheon-bell reminds the sisters that they have no time to waste, and they go downstairs together presently, conscious that they are looking nice enough to face even unfriendly criticism. Sir Wilford is lounging in the ball, and they go in to luncheon under his wing. Fred Stormout is near the dining-room door, and rushes to meet Sibyl and her sister; and Mrs. Stormout gives a friendly bow from the other end of the table, whore she sits among the stately matrous and the bald-headed fathers of the land ; and they begin to feel themselves more at home, as Marion whispers to her sister. The conversation at luncheon runs more continuously upon the present company 1 ! absent brothers and sisters, and cousins, and nieces, and sons and daughters-in-law, than is quite congenial to the feelings of a stranger totally unacquainted with these relations, but Marion manages to get up a little talk about nothing particular with Fred Stormont, which, beheld from afar, looks like flirtation, and causes the young man's anxious mother to put up her gold eye-glass and look at him through it, wondering how ihat silly Frederick can be so ridiculous as to waste his attentions upon the wrong sister. "I suppose Mr. Trenchard will leave the girl five thousand pounds or so," thinks Mrs. Stormont, "but what would be the use of that to a young man with Fred's expensive habits ?" CHAPTER XXX. TILBERRY STEEPLECHASE. The guests assembled at the How soon divide themselves into sections or groups, like the various members of the lower animal creation. Mr. and Mrs. Chasubel draw around them the more seriously minded of the younger visitors,—Lavinia Cardonnel; Cecilia Haw- tree, who had a poetical mind, and is Anglican to the verge of Romanism ; Laura and Mary Radnor, who are great upon church decoration and choir singing; and some others. General Mactower attracts the young men, as it were, into a focus of sporting talk, varied with anecdotes of the London world, which, according to the General, is about os vile a world as could well exist without calling down a burning fiery rain for its destruction. Sir Wilford contrives to be attentive to all his guests, but shows himself so particular in his devotion to Sibyl that other people cannot afford to be uncivil to her, even were they disposed to snub so lovely a girl. The matrons and their daughters admit the fact of Miss Faunthorpe's beauty, but with certain reservations. They admire her complexion, but opine that its transparent purity of tint, argues a consumptive tendency. " And what a dreadful thing for poor Sir Wilford to marry a consumptive wife, my dear!" says Mrs. Radnor, in an awful voice. " And to have consumptive children," adds her daughter Laura. " Poor little dears," exclaims Miss Hawtree, compassionating the sorrows of these unborn infants in advance. " I think it quite wicked of consumptive people to marry, don't you, Mrs. Radnor %" " Yes, my love, there ought to be a law against it." "What pretty manners Miss Faunthorpe has !" remarks Mrs. Yernon, whose daughter possesses every attraction except good looks and agreeable manners,—" so sweet, so caressing. But don't you think—I hardly like fc> say it, for it sounds so uncharitable, and I should be the last to say anything uncharitable after dear Mr. Chasubel's moving discourse this morning,—don't you think she seems rather artful ?" "As deep as Garrick," says the outspoken Mrs. Radnor. '• She actually seems to discourage Sir Wilford's attentions, quite pretends to avoid him, makes believe to prefer ladies' society, when we all know that she must be delighted " f the idea of making such a brilliant match." " When wo know that the girl is brought hero on purposo to marry him," rejoins Mrs. Radnor. " The old uncle has set his heart upon it, of course, and will leave her the whole of his property, to the detriment of her two sisters; there's another girl at Redcastle, Mrs. Stormont tells me. Very unjust, I call it." This conversation takes place on Sunday afternoon, in a cosy circle round the morningroom fire, while Sibyl and some of the younger guests are walking in the park. Sunday evening affords an opportunity for the display of musical genius, or talent, as the case may be; and after the daughters of the land have done the most they can with Miss Lindsay's sacred ballads, Beethoven, Mozart, Mendelssohn, and Chopin, Sibyl takes her turn at the instrument, and surpasses all her forerunners, not so much by the brilliancy of her singing or playing as by the thought and feeling which pervade both. Iu the long empty days at Lancaster Lodge her piano has been her friend and companion, the confidante of all her vague regrets and fears,—her sorrowful love for her absent husband. Memory and hope have spokon to her in many a tender strain of Mozart's, in the deeper pathos of Beethoven, or Mendelssohn's dreamy melody. Sir Wilford Cardonnel knows very little about music, save that of the hounds giving tongue in the chill morning air that blows over heath and moor, but he is not the less pleased that Sibyl should excel in the musical line. His future wife ought to be an accomplished person. Ho is glad, too, that she should " take the shine" out of Phtcbe and Vinnie, neither of them highly gifted by Apollo, though both have labored hard, and flourish at a quickish pace through unmelodious fantasias, arpeggiu-ing up aud down the piano with a movement which their brother calls a rough gallop. Altogether Sibyl is a success at the How. No one can dispute that. Marion looks on and wonders at her sister's calm acceptance of the general homage. She wears her honors as to the manner born, while Marion feels overpowered with shyness all through that aristocratic Sabbath; and says " Thank you," for everything, from an introduction or a compliment, to the too hasty removal of her plate by an all- accomplished serving-man. By Monday morning, however, even Marion is quite at her ease, save for an inward awe of Phoebe and Lavinia who, behind their brother's back, give her a little of the de haut en litis manner by which intrusive commoners are crushed. But Fred Stormont takes her under his protection, and finding Sibyl unapproachable amidst her various admirers, consoles himself with a mild flirtation with Marion, to which even his watchful parent reconciles herself, reflecting that, after all, a dower of five thousand pounds —or possibly ten—is better than nothing, and that, no heiress being forthcoming, dear Frederick might make Marion happy by proposing to her. After breakfast on Monday there is a general inspection of the stables, at which even Mr. Chasubel, the High Church parson, assists, and in the course of which he entertains the company with anecdotes of his hard riding days at Oxford, and his prowess in the hunting field. The horses are led out for admiration, and the guests commit themselves to various opinions, at which the nether lips of the Yorkshire grooms work convulsively in the respectful endeavor to avoid a grin. Tuesday is the race day, and there is a consultation as to how people are to go; the faster of the party—including all the young ladies— inclining to the saddle, the middle-aged and portly being satisfied with a seat on the drag, or in Miss Cardonnel's barouche. "You will ride, of course?" says Sir Wilford to Frederick. "Oh, by all means; I shall go on the Dutchman. Here he is, poor old fellow, looking as fresh as paint." An officious boy has just led the bony grey into the quadrangle, where every eye is now directed to him. " Why, where the deuce did you get that beast from, Cardonnel 1" cries General Mactower, as the lad whisks off the Dutchman's checked raiment, aud exhibits his angular haunches and dejected neck. " If ever "saw such a screw in your stable." It's Mr. Stormont's horse," says the boy. Beg your pardon, Stormont," says the General, *' I dare say lie looks better in action. Very good for leather no doubt." "He may not bo much to look at," says Fred, wounded yet apologetic; " but he's a devil to go." " Ah, I dare say, those bony ones are sometimes." "Well, Stormont, you'll ride the Dutchman," resumes Sir Wilford. " That's capital. You can take care of Miss Marion Faunthorpe." " Delighted, I'm sure," gasps Fred, with an inward sinking. He knows too well that on the Dutchman he has enough to do to take care of himself, and that a whole hunting, field might be spilt around him without being able to afford help to the fallen. " You haven't ridden much lately, I think you told me, Miss Marion," says Sir Wilford to that young lady, who has been going into raptures about all the horses with long manes and sleek skins. " Not since I was quite a little thing, but idolize riding." " And you'll not be afraid to ride to Tilberry to-morrow. It's a nice quiet road." " I shall like it of all things." " Very well, Chanter, you must find me a safe mount for this young lady. She hasn't been riding much lately." " One of the old ones, eh, Sir Wilford 1" " Yes, old and steady. But something good to look at, you know." " There's Brown Fixture, Sir Wilford, an uncommon good 'oss, and as safe as a church." " Yes, Fixture'll do, nothing like an old " Fixture's os steady as a Christian," says the groom, " and such a memory too, nobody'd think how that 'oss do remember. He . ain't forgot the day he bolted with Jem Kirk, tho' it's nigh seven year ago. He never do pass that corner o 1 th' 'eath but what 'e'll prick up his old ears, and stick 'em back'ards and give a bit of a quiver, as if he'd like to have another lark." " He mustn't have any larks with Miss Faunthorpe," says Sir Wiiford. " Lor, bless you, no, Sir Wilford, that's •seven year ago. Fixture's as steady as a house. The smallest of our boys rides him beautiful." " Well, Miss Mariun, I think you'll be safe on Fixture, especially with Stormont to take care of you." Marion looks gratefully at Frederick, with a vaguo idea that he is going to escort her with a leading rein, and that under his care she would be safe upon the winner of the Leger. " Aud now let's have a look at Juno," says Wilford. " That's the mare I mean for you, Miss Faunthorpe, and I think every on2 will allow she's a perfect beauty. My sister Phoebe wants her badly, but I'm afraid of Phccbo's eleven stone." That substantially built damsel gives her brother an indignant look at this brutal remark, which could only come from one's own flesh and blood. " When I want a horse I shan't ask you to choose him for me, Wilford," she says. Juno is led forth and unveiled—a chesnut, glossy as the nut itself when it bursts from its green casing, and beautiful in form, with a small head and a Greek profile—ox- eyed like her mighty namesake. " How lovely!" exclaim all- tho young ladies, envying Sibyl. This selection of the best horse in the stud for Miss Faunthorpe is tantamount to a proposal, thinks every one, and from this time forward Sibyl is regarded as the future Lady Cardonnel and honored accordingly. Has he or has he not proposed 1 the council of matrons ask one another by-and- bye in the comfortable morning-room where they have assembled to write their letters and read the The majority opine that the offer has been made and accepted, and that Mr. Trenchard is here to arrange about settlements. "Phoebe Cardonnel must know," hazards Mrs. Chasubel, this conversation taking place in the absence of the Miss Cardonnels, who are playing billiards with their younger guests. " She may, but she's such a reserved girl, there's no getting anything out of her; and as it's evident that she and Lavinia hate the idea of their brother's marrying, it's a subject we can't approach very well." "I feel sure he has proposed," says Mrs. Radnor. " He looks as if it was a settled thing." " He may have settled it all in his own mind, but not yet declared himself," responds Mrs. Chasubel. " He must know that there is no chance of rejection." Mrs. Chasubel is right. Sir Wilford is fixed as fate, but has not yet found an opportunity to ask the fatal question. Sibyl is always in a crowd. She contrives to avoid anything approaching a tetc-a-tcte. And a man can hardly propose during a game of pyramids, or on a crowded drag with a spirited team in his hand, or as he hands his beloved a cup of tea at kettledrum time, or on the stairs, or in church. Sir Wilford bides his time, therefore, and is patient. The important Tuesday is a fine clear day, with a high wind, but no frost. Tilbeny Iinces begin at half-past one, so there is no time for luucheou at the How, and a necessity for picnic baskets on tho drag, very much to the delight of all the younger guests, who prefer to txike their refreshment uncomfortably out of doors to the commonplace convenience of the diningroom. • At a quarter before one the horses and carriages are brought round to the porch, and Marion, in a borrowed habit and chimney-pot hat, which is balanced rather hazardously on a small mountain of padded hair, awaits, with some faint apprehension, her first ride on anything larger than Tommy, the old pony. She has not yet seen Brown Fixture, and as she stands on the top step with Fred Stormont at her side she surveys the animals timorously. There is Juno, satin-skinned and proud of bearing, arching her graceful neck, and gazing pensively at the company with her ox-eyes, pawing the ground a little with one delicate hoot, as if eager to take flight. And here is Sibyl, looking her prettiest, a small, slender prettiness, in neatly fitting riding habit, and hat poised at exactly the right-angle. Sir Wilford is at hand to mount her, and there is the usual careful adjustment of stirrup and skirt, curb and snaffle. "I wonder which is my horse?" Marion, with an appealing look at Mr. Stormont. " Which is Fixture, boy 2" asks Fred of an attendant lad. " This here, sir," answers the youth. " This here " is the animal in his charge, a tall brute, with a neck a yard long, and, in the language of the stable, too much daylight underneath. " Good gracious!" cries Marion, appalled at the aspect of this animal, " am I to go up there!" " He's a big one, isn't he ?" responds Fred. " Capital stride I should think, get over plenty of ground in his gallop. Looks like an old steeplechaser, doesn't he 1" " He looks very dreadful," says Marion, dubiously. " Oh, you needn't bo afraid of him. He's steady enough, depend upon it. Sir Wilford's head man wouldn't put you on an unsafe horse." "I hope not," says Marion. "But you'll take care of me, won't you, Mr. Stormont ?" " I'll do my best," answers Fred. " Ah, here's the Dutchman, rather fresh, I'm afraid." This last remark has reference to an uncouth attempt of the Dutchman to back into an adjacent shrubbery, on being dragged out of which he entangles himself clumsily with the other horses. The drag and barouche have driven off by this time, and everybody is mounted except Marion and her swain. Mounting Marion upon Fixture is not the easiest operation in mechanics. She gives a tremendous spring, but always at the wrong moment, and after two or three false starts she is hoisted to a level with Fixture's saddle, only to remain there suspended in mid air until allowed to slide gently to earth again. " I'm afraid I'm not a good hand at mounting a lady," murmurs the patient Frederick, after he has made himself almost apoplectic in the endeavour, and now an experienced groom comes forward, tells Marion exactly at what angle to put her left leg, and throws her up into the saddle as if she were a hall. " Gracious!" she exclaims, " I'm hero at last, but oh, how high it is !" She surveys the earth beneath her with a sense of awe; it is like being on a mountain top, and not half so safe. She gives a little cry of surprise when Fixture begins to move, as if motion were the last thing one might expect from a horse. The rest of the riders have gone down the avenue, Sir "Wilford riding Bull of Bashan, and keeping close beside Sibyl on Juno. Frederick now clambers upon the Dutchman, who to the last moment struggles to elude his half-proprietor, as if desirous to prove that a horse cannot serve two masters. Fixture caracoles gently upon the gravel sweep while Fred is mounting, but even these gentle movements strike terror to the unaccustomed soul of Marion. " I'm afraid he's very spirited," she remarks to one of the grooms. "Lord, mum, he's nigh 1 twelve year old, there's none too much sperrit in him. You'd best ride him on the curb if you're any ways timid." " Which is the curb 1" inquires Marion. • The man shows her, and adjusts her reins, which she has been clutching in lier right hand in an inextricable tangle. « But do you think I can manage him with the reins in my left hand?" she asks. "It seems so left-handed, I'm afraid I shan't have any power over him." " You can hold on with both your hands if you're timersome, miss, but the lighter you handle Fixture the better. He's got a veiy rice mouth, and he don't stand being sawed at. Hide him on the curb if you like, but let your 'and foller 'is 'ed." This language is as dark as Hebrew to Marion. She has but one thought, and that is that she would fain be at rest in the barouche or the drag, nay, safe at home in the obscurity of domestic life, with cross Hester and impertinent Jane. Anywhere, anywhere, off the back of Brown Fixture, who has just caught sight of some obnoxious object, and has made himself into an arch from which Marion feels as if she were sliding. Fred has now brought the Dutchman so far into subjection as to turn his nose towards the avenue, and Fixture being clutched and jerked in the same direction by Marion, the two set out, as uncomfortable a couple as .ever enjoyed the delights of equestrian exercise. When they are well out of ear- shot the grooms and boys burst into a simultaneous guffaw. "After this we must have some beer," s the head man. " I'm blest if ever I see such a brace o' cockneys. I ain't had such a laugh since Chrizzlemas." Fixture proves himself worthy of his reputation, and goes down the avenue with amiable sobriety, nay, would be perfect in his conduct were it not for that brute the Dutchman, who shies at sight of a rabbit, wheels round altogether at sight of a rook, and otherwise disgraces himself by convulsive movements and collapses which disturb Fixture's equanimity, though he evidently regards them with contempt. The brown horse behaves so well, however, that when they have walked down the avenue and emerged upon the road, Marion begins to feel quite easy in her mind, and to think that after all she really does doat upon riding. But for the Dutchman's evil example Fixture would behave admirably all the way to Tiiberry, a nice level road, with little to alarm a reasonable equine mind. The Dutchman is, however, a creature without reasonableness of mind, and contrives to see objects of horror in the clearest road, whereby Marion is every now and then startled from her equanimity by a sudden bouncing of Mr. Stormout's horse against hers, a movement by which she narrowly escaped being pushed into a ditch. " Isn't your horse a little wrong in his mind, Mr. Stormout)" she aslcs, after one of these encounters. " He puts his ears back in such a dreadful way, and starts and plunges so awfully." Only high spirit," replies Fred, " all thoroughbreds do it." "Then I think I'd ratherride an unthoroughbred," says Marion. When they have walked for about half a mile Frederick sugggests a gentle trot, to which proposal Marion acquiesces smilingly. But the very beginning of the gentle trot makes her breathless, and she finds herself jerked about in her saddle in a most ferocious way. She holds on to the reins, however, with both hands, and endures stoutly, till Fred, in charity, reins in the Dutchman, whereupon Fixture stops as it some spring had been touched in his internal economy, and nearly pitches Marion out of the saddle by the suddenness of bis stoppage. " I'm afraid you don't quite enjoy trotting," says Fred. Marion pants for a little while, struggling with the innumerable hair-pins which sustain her pyramid of plaits, before she can recover breath enough to answer. " I dare say it's very nice," she replies at last, "but it jerks one, don't you think! Perhaps Fixture is not a good trotter V " I think if you were to rise with him, and sit a little more in the middle of your saddle, you might find it more comfortable," suggests Frederick. "Do you think so ? I'll try next time." Fred endeavors to explain the theory of trotting, which, although he has not quite conquered the practice, is firmly impressed upon his mind. " Now," he says, flattering himself that he has made it all clear, " suppose we try again (" A shake of the reins makes the Dutchman lunge violently forward as if he wanted to dash his brains out upon the road, and starts Fixture in a really delightful trot, if poor Marion only knew it. She bobs up and down as if she were bathing, but when she rises the horse doesn't, and the effect is even more jerky than before. She is just beginning to despair, when the red glow of a cottage fire, shining through an open door, appals the Dutchman's soul, and sends him into a wild cantor, in which Fixture immediately joins. The horses tear along the road like the herd of swine driven down a steep place, and Marion, frightened, but rather enjoying the swinging pace, finds herself rising in her saddle as high as anyone could desire. (To lie continued,) Two Philadelphia mechanics claim to have discovered a device for running street cars by a series of powerful steel springs. At the end of each trip the car is to be wound up like a clock. THE success of the Siemens Electrical Railway has been so great, according to Nature, that the municipal commission appointed to report on the possible application of electricity will advise the experiment of an elevated railway in some parts of Paris. The only objection to the erection of such a line in the Boulevards is its aspect, which, it is supposed, will not. be sufficiently ornamental. A large number of practical suggestions will be made by this commission. 