LAUNCEST )N EXAMINER. PUBLISHEO DAILY. THURSDAY. MARCH 2, 1882. IF the telegram in the Melbourne Argus of February 28th is to be taken as fact (and keeping in memory recent tele grams to the same effect, there is no reason to doubt its being genuine), it would almost appear that Europe is on the eve of one of the greatest struggles that have occurred during the present century. The telegram states that "the excitement in reference to the anticipated war between Russia and Germany and Austria, is increasing, and that very little hopes are now entertained of the war being averted." Turkey, also, is on the qui vice for such an eveutuality, as we are informed that she is preparing for war by mobilising an army of 150,000 men in the Balkan ranges. This simply means that if war breaks out the first development of it will be that Russia, single-handed, will have to cope with the united forces of Germany, Austria, and Turkey. With the armies of the two latter powers, hampered as Austria is at the present moment, and keeping in view the demands on her military strength to quell the revolts in Bosnia and the Herzegovina, Russia might be able to hold her own, if not more ; but with the armies of Germany to fight in addition, her position in case of war breaking out is the reverse of enviable. If the coming Eurdpean struggle as foreshadowed in The Adrgus telegram should really occur, Russia versus Germany, Austria, and Turkey, must go to the wall. Germany would prove at any time far more than a match for Russia, even sup posing the entire fighting strength of the Muscovite could be pitted against the Teutonic armies alone; but with Austria and Turkey making common cause with Germany, Russia has not the ghost of a chance. Very ominous telegrams have been going the round of the continental press during the last fortnight, from any one of which it seemed almost a certainty that it needed but a small space of time to fan the smouldering war spark into a burning flame. During this period Russia has maintained a boldly defiant attitude throughout, as though she were relying on some outside alliance. She has assumed the attitude of the coming bully in Dame Europa't school ; and as is the custom of bullies, she must have had some innate consciousness of possessing a willing and powerful ally in the event of an outbreak. The only ally she could reckon upon would be Francs, burning to attain la revanchre against Germany for the invasion and aspliation of territory effected in 1870; but in this case France would have Italy against her, the latter power eager to return a quid pro quo for French inter ference and suspected future aggraudise ment in regard to' Tunis. Summarising. so far, we have Russia and France on the one hand, as against Germany, Austria, Turkey, and Italy on the other. England we should imagine would as far as possible remain neutral; but should cir cumstances arise to compel her to join in the strife, which, however, is scarcely probable, England and France would once more, after a period of sixty-seven years of peace, become enemies instead of allies. The outlook in the event of a de claration of war is of the gloomiest, for Russia especially so.. , Russia, fighting at oddi against Austria, Ger many, and Turkey, will have to face the contingency of powerful revolts against her rule among the Central Asian tribes, the Turcomans, Khivans, Bokharians, and the Mahomodan warriors of the Khanates, all of whom will make common cause against the Muscovite, and if the spark is fanned into a blaze it needs no great gift of foresight to prophesy the crippling for a long period of the spirit of Russian aggression. THn unwisdom of electing Mr Michael Davitt for the representation of Heath is now apparent, as the House of Commons has resolved that he is ineligible to take his seat. The principle on which this decision has been arrived at is not by any means now, for it was acted on in the case of O'Donovan Roses, who when elected was not allowed to sit. It was then de cided that persons convicted of treason felony are ineligible for a seat in the legislature. How the electors for Meath can have been so fatuous as to have chosen Mr Davitt with this precedent of O'Donovan Rossa before them we cannot understand. If they persist in disfran chising themselves for a time, the only conclusion that can be arrived at is that under certain circumstances Irishmen now and then act absolutely without reason. SOf course the House of Commons can, indeed, has virtually already, declared the I seat of Meath vacant, but in the mean Stime the electors for Heath are adding to Sthe embarrassment of Mir Gladstone, who has enough to do to defend the liberal Spolicy of land measure against the assaults of the Lords. The treatment which Mr SGladatone has recived both from landlords and tenants over hiis desire to remove the I evils of the Irish land system, would be s uffllicient to justify a less single-minded Sstatesman in retiring from public life and leaving the contestants to fight their quarrels to the bitter end. EScaPe or a PleooeNs. - A corres pondent at Chudleigh send s s an account of the escape of a prisoner from the lock up there, which ig rather amnusing but rl eqcually one-sided. Ieducod to a simple narrative the writer states that on Sunday morning Mr Smith, schoolmaster at Mole Creek, reported to the constable at Chudleigh that a gun had been stolen from his house. On returning home' Mr Smith by some means found out the thief, and at once gave him in chlargo, and the latter 'seems to hlave been taken to Chudleigh and locked up. Nextrmorning the prisoner's brother brooght him some clothes:, and he was allowed some amount of liberty to get them, of which he made such good use that he effected his escape. Whether he has since been captured our correspondent does not say. MSuonwc.- The lodge of St. John, SI36? .C., meet at the Lodge Roem this evening, when visiting brethren are in vited. BENEVOLENT SOCIETY. - The usual weekly meeting of the Bonevolont Society C was hold at the Town Hall .yesterd.y v afternoon. Present :-Messrs. E. L. Ditcham (Chairman), A. "W. Birchall, J. p Tulloch, W. R. Barwood, J. Ellis, M. C Tyson, G. Babington, and the Secretary. t The usual routine of reading the relief fi roll and confirming the minutes having t boon performed, Mr Ellis proposed, and v Mr Tyson seconded, that Mr E. L. f Ditcham be Chairman of the Society for v the ensuing year, which was carried t unanimously. MrDitchamn in returning thanks said that the members had worked I together with harmony, and he believed I with tho single object of doing their duty I in the past, and he was sure they would continue in the same course in the future. I Mlr Stephenson was then elected Vice chairman, and Mr Babington Treasurer for thg coming year: Two applications for relief were roported by. the Secretary -both of a temporary nature, and being do serving were agreed to. The monthly I accounts, amounting to £48 17s. 8.1 were I read and passed for payment. Mr Birch all stated that a woman was, going about Launceston soliciting assistance to enable c her to purchase a sowing machine, and as t the person in question was altogether undeserving of sympathy end dupport, he wouldlike to caution the p?ublic against r graunfig any assistance to 'or.' There being niifurther business'to 'transact the meetingthlon djoern'd. '. PoAcIsao.-A resident in the vicinity of Quamby informs us that on Sunday I last a party from Launceston engaged in c trout fishing in the Moander. Aftorsome timoe thus spent they varied their sport (1) by shooting the fish as they swain through I shoal water ! It is to be hoped that this sort of thing will be put down. COURSING CLUB.-The' first meeting of the' Northern Tasmanian Coursing Club for the present season will be hold at Quamby on 18th April, and following days if necessary. The events are the Quamby Puppy Stakes and the All-Aged Stakes, nominations for which close on 4th April, and acceptances on 15th April. TiHE AUSTRALIAN JOURNAL for M3arch to hand from the local agenots, Messrs Walch Bros. and Birchall, " His Natural Life" (with illustrations) is continued, and a new serial tale "The Missing Ship," which promises well, is commenced. The Detective is to the fore as usual,and there is .a good collection of shorter tales, sketches, etc., making up a very readable number. PRnrriVE MEwnTHODnST CIURCHl.-The yearly meeting of the Primitive Methodist Church, Victorian andTasmanian district, was hold in Vere-street Church, Colling wood, during the last week, Rev. J. T. Kearne, President, Rev. W. Richardson, Secretary. The review of the year's work was such as to excite feelings of gratitude,,and stimulato.e to greater zeal and inergyin the Master's service. The religious services of the meeting were calculated to help both pastor and people in their differant spheres. The following are the statistical returns from the differ ent ; churches :--Ministers, 36 ; local preachers, 239; members,2016 ; churches, 115 ;' school buildings, 15; parsonages, 27; church .accommodation, 12,812; average attendance, 9029 ; Sunday schools, 97 ; teachers, 823 ; scholars, 6081; value of church property,£58,449 ; contributed for trust fainds, £5826 ; ministerial appointment for Tasmania: Launceston, Rev.. C. Anthony and R. Rice; Longford,Rov. F. Sinden ; Hobart, Rev. W. J. Bray; Penguin, Roevs. W. Martis, J. T. Piercey, and J. Langham, supornumary; Rev. W. Gould removes to Castlomaine, Victoria. NEw FM.ms.-It will be seen from our advertising columns that . Mr G. T. AMKinlay, who is well and favourably known from' his connection during the last nine years with Mesars Williamsan and Thomas, and Air T. W. Thomas, has entered into the drapery business on his own account, and has taken the establish ment between the Brisbane Hotel and Fawns's Buildings, in Brisbane-street, lately'occtipied by MIr O. A. H. William son. The premises will be closed to-day and to-morrow, 'for re-marking the Spresent stock, ind Mr M'Kinlay will open on Saturday with,a clearing out cheap sale. Mr J. LI. Adams, of Melbourne, notifies that' after a connection of (five years with the'P. & O. Company he has "entered into partniershij"' 'ith Mr 1H. M'Kenzie, of Fliniders Laio-'West, and the firm' will in fthire be carried on under the style of H. M'Kenzie and' Co., wholesale '?gents' and importers. SDELORAINE HORTICULTURAL SOCIETY. The autumn show of flowers, fruit, vege tables, etc.', in connection with 'this society will be held at Deloraine to- day. PEAaso'S o MocNTHLY ILLUSTRATED ADE LOIDE NeWs Contains, amontg btolther en gravings' and illustrationss/ a,: series. of. views of the Mount Bischoff Tin lmines, Tasmania.. SUPRmEM COURT.--The special sittings of the Criminal Sittings were continued yesterday, but, contrary to ; expectation, were not concluded owing to the length of time occupied by the cases heard, the Campbell-Town murder case consuming nearly the whole of the day, and con cluded by the jury bringing in a verdict of manslaughter against James Douglas and acquitting the female prisoners, Mar. garet and Johanna Douglas, charged with aiding and abetting the same. There is only one case for trial to-day, that of Thomas O'Keefo, charged with having forged a mining telegram at Lofroy. THE BeD OF THE FUTURE.--SUCh is the name given by Mr Just to Rowcliffe and Co.'s patent sanitary spiral spring or elastic woven-wire mattresses, some of which he will sell by auction on 3rd' inet., and which may also be had from ironmongers in town. They certainly seem very cbmfortablo-looking, portable, and generally convenient articles of the kind. . They have bnon approved of by the committees of some of the large hos pitals in the mother country as admnirably adapted for invalids, and that is no small recommendation, while they have been found by local invalids who have used them to merit praise. They can:bo had of various sizes and at various prices, and can be fitted to most kinds of bedsteads in present useo. Pou?-CE CouT.--Thoro was a clean charge sheet at tihe Police Court yester day morning, and there being no other cases tihe Court adjourned till nexort day. \- Wesm CoasTSussIlucS.-The 3'Jenury of yesterday says :-With regard to the proposal which was mooted for the steamer Tasman calling at Macquarie Harbour, we are sorry to state that the idea has now been abandoned. It appears that the Government offered to guarantee the sum asked, namely, £100O to the Tasman, and £50 to the Amy for taking the passengers off the larger steamer into Mlacquarie Harbour. This, however, was conditional on the manager of the T.S.N. Co. agreoing to bring their vessel under Cape Sorell wtilo the work of transhipping to the Amy was going an. To this the manager would not consont, and as tlie master of tihe Amy considered it would be running too great a risk if he trausshipped thie passengors ic the open sea, the project hasn fallen thlrogh. Tune MnE.sossoN CLue, rN 1Et.-L souuse.-l-Thlis talented club whoso. per formlalices- created- so mnuch- interest. in musical circles'in Launceston, do niot ap pear to be very successful in Mclbourne. A writer:in the ArgIs., says there is a dis graceful wantuof'patronage. HIe dlls : "l Th'e fact is thlatwe are not educated up to Mendelssohn, IHaydsn, PIleyel, &c.;, as illustrated by thens, accomplished musi cians,';.who do notstrrin for clfect, or make sensational transitions for applause, but whso rely upon,their purity of tone,' conm bined hIarmony, well blan?aed erxecution, and wonderful precision for their iuccess." Wtn .WFATnEsIc.--An Adelaide papdr ysa :--" Thie Tasmanians compltan, of. excessive heat when tie mercury riseso O0degs. On this side of the water we think lO0dogs: warni, and 120dcgs. nxaes elvely so; but'thei we areo acclirimatid?l and can bear it, ':"' PReOQ8' SQUARn ConaunsasostAL. Csunnon.-The Building Committee in vito designs, etc , for the now church with which it is contemplated to replace the present Prince's Squlare Congregational Church. A premium of £50 is offered for the best design containing elevation of front, side, back, and sections of tower and spire ; aol the further sum of £100 will be paid. for the approved design when fully worked out to larger working scale w with all details. Particulars can be oh- b tained at the olhice of this papor. LE?wEnIS DETAINED FOR POSTAGE.- Messrs Geo. Webster and Co., Waro- b houseman, 16 Flinders Lane, East Mel- s bouorn ; G. H. Harvey, Esq., Com- p mercial Bank, Coburg, Victoria ; Mr J. t Staley, care Mr Keomp, Grocer, 94 Spencr-stroeet, West Melbourne. AeUSTilALIAN GRAiPES Fro ENGLAND.- 5 Tie Sydney Town and Country Journal states that Mr Joseph Cox, of Rydo, lhs shippedl per Liguria, nine cases of grapes, as an exporinelnt, to England. They1- are packed variously in bran, sawdust, cork dust, and paper bags will be used, anti P every care taken to ensure a sound delivery. If successful a large export will, no doubt, tako place next scason, and by trio different- manner of packing, no doubt, the best result will be easily ascertained. FRnsT OF TuE HOP Cor.--On Tues day, says the 4Mercury, Mr William M'torie received from MIessrs William Downie and Sons, New Norfolk, eight bales of hops, the first of this season's crop. The hops-which were sent for ex portation, and one-half of which went to Sydney by the Southern Cross-are a first-class sample. Mesare Downie report that though the season's crop will be of superior quality, the produce will be con siderably lighter than last year. SuenaY-ScnOOL JUDILBB.-From our contemporary we learn thatthe Congrega- t tional Sunday-school at Hobart completes the 50th year of its existence this year, and the jubilee has been celebrated by special meetings. On Sunday special ser vices were held in the Memorial Church, and addresses delivered to the Sunday school scholars, and on Tuesday evening a tea and social meeting was hold in the Memorial Hall, Brisbane- street, when some 140 persons sat down to tea. At the after mooting, Mr William Giblin, who is the oldest teacher in the Brisbane street school, and who was present at tile opening of the old church and school, in 1832, and has been actively engaged in it over since, presided. Several addresses were delivered, and Mr Vautin, the Secre tary of the schools in connection with the Memorial Church, read the report of the schools. The Memorial Hall was erected I in 1832, and during the same year the I Sunday-school was commenced, under the superintendence of Messrs. H. Hop kins and Jennings, and, in the course of three or four years the Borca and Battery Point Sunday schools were also established as branch schools. When the school began there was only one other I Sunday school, the Wesleyan one, in Hobart. A start was made with 32 scholars, and in a few Sundays that number increased to 50, and it has since gradually augumented, until there are I now 500 names on the books. Separate I yearly reports from each of the three schools, Brisbane-street, Boresa, and Battery Point were Included, as well as a table showing the numerical strength of the three schools for the year 1881, the total number on the books being 558, and the average attendance 363; and also notes concerning the missions and the libraries. The balanco-sheets showed that tlhe expenditure during 1881 had been £30 10s 7d, and the receipts £20 13s Sd, and the collections In aid of the mission fund, etc., £66 10s. SEPARrTB tenders are invited for repairs to fourteen public school buildings, principally in the VWestern and N. W. Coast districts. TENDEns are invited for the supply of 30,000ft hlaekwood for the L and W. ltaitway department. WestrT is called mal-assimilation of food pro ceeds from the failure of the organs to perform their proper functions. It is this condition of the system that is such a fertile source of in digestion and dyspepsis, the twin maladies that are daily marshalling thousands to their groves. In their incipient stages it Is easy to ourc them, and even when they have become chronic, potent remedies will remove them. f01 these, Udolpho Wolfe's Schiedam Aromatic 3 Schnapps has been found to prove most bene o ficial, because it acts directly upon the ali mentary canal, purging it of Its impurities, ridding it of its obstructions, and pavinn the way for the proper absorption of the food. Advt., ENaJO LIFE.--But few, in fact not any, really enjoy life; those nearest to enjoying it are the most discontented, the anticipation of pleasure being the only thing enjoyed, yet many thoe sands discouraged, disheartened people may not wish for death, or commit suicide, as they do, were it not for the most bitter of all cups the miserable anti discouraging leffects of Dyspopslia and Liver Complaint, erxpecting every day to be carried off by Paralysis, Apoplexy, Heart Dis. case, Consumption and many other symptoms of Dyspepsia and Indigestion. Now, if you have no faith In Patent Medicines, and have lost hope in your physician, I would ask yoea in Igood faith that you try only one bottle of Green's August Flower, it can do you no harm ; if one bottle does not give you astonishing relief, don't use any more. All chomists sell it. s Sample bottle to try, Gd. Large bottle, 3a Od. Sole agents for Tasmania, L Fairthorne and Son, Chemists. alunsoeston-- Advt). 