A GHOST STORY. The disbelief entertained by most people of the existence of apparitions, however loudly they may affirm it in daylight, can be little relied on, if the story related to us by a well-knotrn resident of this town may be credited—and from the good' character he bears for veracity, it may be with safety. His narrative having reference to the above is so'newhat mixed, but for this he accounts very naturally by the terror be passed through. Having occasion on Sunday last to visit some relatives living not far from the parish of Go war, onr informant—an athletic young f*Uow having a strong liking for sport, especially pricket—goes on to relate that he started on Uis return Journey to St. Arnaud shortly after night had fallen. He bad not covered more than half the distance when he observed on looking around, that he had wandered off the rosd; but-being thoroughly acquainted with the country, kept on his way with the object of striking the track farther on. Having clambered over several hills, each of which added to his bewilderment, he came npon a long, low, and deserted looking building. On nearing it, however, hia ears detected a strange noise, and on emerging from the -bush his optics fell upon a sight which he feelingly said conld not be realised by description, lliroush the wideopened dooroftheruius, from wh:- L *?reimed a blaze of unearthly looking li£ : ". lie beheld what Seemed to his terrified senses annmber of ghoul like figure? dancing with demoniacs! gestures around the skeleton of a man. As if to keep time with their ghastly evolutions, they kept up a series of blood-curdling and homble incantations. To give a description of the supernatural visitant our informant expresses himaelf uqabje, for-wh^le trying to collect his scattered senses his presence seemed to be observed, and.at that moment the form of the prostrate.man disappeared, apd, as if with one accord, the ghastiy and ever-revolving apparitions commenced, "as it. were," to float towards die intruder. The sight of the fiendish company making towards him seemed to lend the now nearly demented yonng fellow-the speed of a greyhound, -and turning around he -fled through the timber, bis exit being greeted by. one long mad ydl,its cadence cchoing along the hilk for some minntes. Guided as IK by ins'inct, onr informant foand that he had run straigjht. for his dwelling, which he reached hatlesa and with one boot, his other articles of apparel being also in astate of ruin. Such is the. narrative as nearly as we can give, -which' Is must wanting in not being able to assign the exact locality, which can hardly be sear at hand, when it is known that Che dawn wax breaking when the terrorstricken youth arrived exhausted at his door. —St. Anuntd Mercury. ? 