THE 'WEST INDIAN GHOST. Oub honso on the Pedro Town plain is much infested by a whole host of vory objeotionable duppies. And lest the word Bhonld prove ah. sent from tho English dictionary it may bo well to explain that a duppy is a familiar West In dian creature or entity, closely resembling in moat noints of strnctnre and f nnotion our ordi nary British ghost. It differs from a ghost, however, in its fur greater, relative frequency and definiteness : for 'while the usual European phantoms are rare, intermittent, and purely local; tb'o'West Indian duppy is so abundant and ubiquitous that it msyfairly be considered aa a'commoti bbjeu't of the country. In Eng land'peop'e : have here . and there a haunted house, ati old ba'atlewith a -legeud, ' a ohutoh yardtouunted by some melancholy spirit ; bnt all these are ekoepUonhiout-of therway things; and ifr.iR* probable tharjghosts do not enter ap preciably into the everyday domeBtiolife of one Londoner out of ten thiusund. There ara curiosities in European circles of the same Bort as tho sea-serpent or the reigning Sovereigns— sometimes talked about, butteldom seen. On Pedro Town plain, however, duppios aro fowls of a very different feather. Bvetybody knows tlni.n rtttiha f amiliut-lTr .anri Avnfli-fa in find tham turning up promiscuously at auy street oorner, in the Barao casual way as the Oriental patriarohs expeoted to entertain angola un tt-flrares. Tap.negro.inindatill lives and movoa. in a primitive atmosphere .of duppies, , obeah men, witchcraft, love-phillres, aud bodily West 'African devila ; so that supernatural visitors are seen, .not occasionally, , and exceptionally, butoonetantly arid every day. ' According to thy faith,' ia ft sure maxim for all Rhoftt-fesre. ,',3id you.over.Eea a duppy, Isaac p' I naked 'my Btnble-bby one day ; and he grinned out right with all, his' white teeth at the very absuruity of the question.' ' A. 'duppy, sah,' he answered contemptuously ; f' I uee a plenty duppy ? Isee dera all' time ; I see dem about de house ebbery ebening.' ' PlRinly, one might nlmast ns well havo asked him whether ho had ,'ever teen a dog or a chicken '' To him, and to all tho other negro servants around tha place, (luppies hfbl'simplb'.iriiitters'bfroommbn ex ?perienco,:fadta'aB patent add; as indubitable as ttny others in the ordinary ranga of human knowledge. .??,. , ? . ., , . . , _ - Our hoiiae, indeed, po88osscs iu exceptional perfection all the elements which go to make up an excellent and, permanent noot for aa.Tim morise brood of duppies. There is evory eon venience .in it whioh duppiea aro known to seek and appr'eeiatoJ In the' first' place, it is old, large, and rambling*. .built, oi course, mainly of lattice work and Yenetian blinds, through which the wiudmovoSfreely,' nnd creates the rustling draught that spirits love. Then it is dark at night, for wo ouly light up a small por tion, and the long gloomy corridors, as one mores through them oandle in hand; have cer tainly a sufficiently ghostly appeuranoe. The house wnB'built in slavery days/on the soale of magnificence whioh the estate oould then sup port ; but ..now that only three or four old negroes keep it in order, we find a quarter of the roomy old place quite sufficient, for our. shrunkeu. modern '.wants.. .'Its. big. mahogiir.y doora swing . heavily on tha hinges; and its attics are admirable rooats fur auy number of oongregatcd ghosts. Moreover; several white mm have died in the bedrooms, some of them local celebrities iu their way, und others hard masters of the old slavery days. Then there' is afiae tupply of rats everywhere; and at night tho flre- flies dnuco in the dark baU-rootii, arid tho hunimiof; bootU'ii :droiia about the roomy BtniroBse. Windows stand opon night and day, of course, nnd through them tho largo black bats flit in and out unceremoniously after eun s^et, often whirling about one very houds even aa we sit ut dinner. Not loss spectral .are tho gigantic black moths, which the negroes beliovo turn into these Baruo bats ; And when- a chase occurs rouna one's bedroom iu the small hours, of tho uight botween tho two great ghostly, creatures, the bit pursuing and the moth doubling ou him at overy turn, their dusky forms dt filed in tho mcioulight against the white ceiling, even a European sleeper wakened by the noise Bita. up a little nervously in bed, and peers uupleasantly at ,the weird things from beneath tho safe shelter of hia moEquito purtsins. Throw iu the mosquitoes themselves, with their horrid buzzing'; tho house lizards, tho monotony of heat, the' familiar variety of earth quakes, the dooaeional tbraaaoosi' hurtioanes, or cyclone j, tho sighing of tap wind' through the cocoa-nuts, the smouldering legends ol the rebellion, the vPlcutiio substratum of half slave born negroes, the blaokfacea constantly about you, the African superatitions, tho neighbouring obsah-man; and the1 loneliness /of: the penn — throw in all those, -and yon will have. as. fine a eet of conditions for tho production of duppies as any human bqing oould wish to see If. ;the Hooiety for Payohical Bfseatoh is . really in. earnest, its aommittee on huuntcd houata ought to come out ti Pedro Town at once, and 'begin investigationa on the Bpot where all tha pheno mona habitually occur in such absolute : pro fusion. ' ': ? The ooramonnoas of duppiea about one's house, however, though psychologically in teresting, has its practical 'disadvantages as -well; ? The servants Bee them at all timeB of day and night, and are muoh hindered ja their household duties' aooordingly. Sometimes a duppy-rutfB or flits across the passage as ono, of thorn is coming in with a triiyful' of glass o| brockory; and tho. poor, mortal, iu ' goiiuina alarm,' lets drop the whole. tea-sot on the .floor with a: sudden aoream of uiifeigned horror. iMora'diBtigrcbnblo still is the .interference of the supernatural visitor* with our means of oommuuioation at midnight. All the servants 'sleep; Webt Indian fashion; iua'sort of barrack ut the rear of the home, cenneoted with it by a* covered corridor ; but it is uo use ringing the ?bells in case of uncxpeotod illness ; one must go and hunt them up iu persou ; or, if alono in the house, yon may ring till you aro tired, and iuthe morniug your boy will oome to your room with a long face and say to you ruefully, 'Ah, sah, de duppiea dem' pulliu' de bell in de night lik* mad ting.' For. ourselves, it is truo, wo eeldom or^nover— I may say never outright indeed — see an indubitable duppy, but tho so?;*. vantB esplnin this by enying th^twhito people have not often the gift of discerning them. And in f aot it ia curious to live in'u plaoo where such very differunt grades of iutolligeuco pro oust together eido by side — nineteenth century European thought, with almost unaltered Afrioan barbarism, essentially the Bamo in spirit aa it whs a oouple of thousand years ago. Tho two Hotn of jieoplo live in the same houses and join in the same external acts of life: but for nil that they live in two utterly different worlds, peeing thinga nnd mixing ''with beings absolutely unknown to one another. The one knows nil about duppies just as certainly, and unhesitatingly, as the other knows all about electricity. And the negro servant who polishes one's floor with a Bplit cocoa-nut every morning passes her days and nights among grotesque supernatural beings of African origin who aro j net as ictil and uc questionable to her ns tho white inaBtor and mistrees from that unknown England beyond the aeaB. — P«H Mall Budget. 