NEW SOUTH WALES. [From our own Correspondent.] Sydney, July 24. We have just been lavoured with a visit from two American lecturers, who have pro duced a more than ordinary interest in the | subjects which they respectively represent. The first was a gentleman who has acquired distinction by his celebrated Boston lectures, I and by his subsequent appearances on the lecture platform throughout the world. I ; allude to the Be v. Joseph Cook. Those who recall his bursting forth like a star some years ago, when he championed the orthodox j faith against the teachings of false science and false philosophy, and who have watched his subsequent course, will not be surprised i to learn that his advent into Sydney was hailed by members of all denominations, and that his public appearances were numerously attended. He is making an all - round - the - world tour, during which he has lectured in India, China, ana Japan, and dropped down upon us some what unexpectedly in these far-off ends of the earth. He is a man of broad, strong, massive build, with a good head, and a voice that is full and resounding; indeed, when he puts on power, which he often does, it makeB the place ring again. The topics of his lectures are those on which he has already spoken to the world through the Press. But in addi tion to these he has come forward as a preacher to the masses. He introduced some what of a novelty one afternoon by giving what he designated a box lecture, which means that persons were invited to put any questions they liked by dropping them into a box beforehand or leaving them on the table, and that he would reply to such questions in his lecture. He is adroit in this business. It will readily be believed that a public man who gives such an oppor tunity to the public will not be without all sorts of queries, critical and curious, and that he will need occasionally a little strategy as well as much Science. As an instance of this the question was propounded—Whether baptism by Bprinkiing or baptism by im mersion was the proper mode ?—to which he replied both, naively remarking that the matter was not so important as many persons deemed it, winding up with the counsel that when we had fully dealt with all the great moral evils that were rampant around—and that would take a very long time—parties interested in this matter might take a rainy day and discuss the subject of baptism. Another question was put forward to elicit his views in Christian perfection, to which he replied that properly understood and conditioned he believed m it, but that if any man should step forth and say that he | hadn't committed any sin for a twelvemonth he should be inclined to think that he very j much needed the prayers of God's people. ' He left for Melbourne on Monday. The i second lecturer is Mr. Eli Johnson, a great champion of temperance. Heisamanofstrong convictions and of very outspoken address, who, like most men of his class, speaks with 1 much emphasis; but he strikes hard, so hard that I am inclined to think he must have made 8ome folks in our city feel very uncom fortable if their sensibilities are not too tough. At a preliminary meeting, which was held by temperance reformers to give him greet ing, he gave a brief exposition of his mission and his methods. His purpose was to expose the abominations connected with tbe manufacture of intoxicating liquora, and it was stated that his dis closures were bo damaging to the vendors of grog in America that by the liquor-dealers there he had been offered $10,000 to discon tinue his lectures. He was also anxious to connect by his efforts the cause of temperance reform more closely with the Church, be lieving that the ministers of the Gospel should take the position here which their brethren had done in the United States, and that is, lead forward this great crusade against one of the greatest foes to morality and religion. His platform was a broad one, and its planks were simply stated in four lines Mental suasion for those who think. Moral suasion for those who drink. Legal suasion for the drunkard-maker. Prison suasion for the Statute-breaker. Mr. Johnson is a smart man who has opened up certain little secrets of the trade which are practise! under our very nose. These may be known to the initiated few, hut to the multitude they will come with all the freshness of a revelation. Whether the revelation will act as a deterrent to the drinking practices of society deponent saith not. It would appear from the lecturer that the secrets are practised the wide world over. In England he purchased oil of cognac, port-wine oil, gin oil, and other essences, which at a small cost produced a large quantity of stuff. He had gone to one firm of manufacturing chemists, and had procured seven bottles of essences for 7s. sufficient to make forty-two gallons of liquors. One pound of essence of whisky, from eightto sixteen ounces of essence of grapes for im proving tbe flavour of wines ana brandies, from half a pound to a pound of essence of gin, a pound of essence of cognac, and so on, would make about n hun dred gallons of these beverages respec tively. For putting a bead on liquors the following recipe was stated:—Oil of sweet almonds, one ounce; oil of vitriol, one ounce ; to be rubbed in a mortar with about two ounces of lump sugar, and small quan tities of spirits added until a thin liquid was formed. As if to demonstrate that all this was not merely the talk of a man given to exaggeration, Mr. Johnson then described how in our own city of Sydney he had pur chased drugs, which were sold to him for the manufacture of spirits by two firms, the names of which were given to the xiublic with a candour that was considerable, but which could not be at all palatable to the gentlemen concerned, be also gave the name of two book firms, from whom the books that furnish the modus operandi of treat ment_ might be obtained b^auy one inte; rested in such matters. _ The tactics of the lecturer in obtaining these trade secrets is, I think, open to objection, as I believe he had convened the idea that he was interested in the wine and spirit trade, only that the interest was very different in its character from that which the un-. suspecting seller imagined. It is not often that one gets such a thorough insight into these hidden matters as this cute American gives ns. The mischiefs of the drink traffic are sufficiently apparent in the impoverish ment of means, m the damage to character, in the., mischief to home, in the vice and crime which flow forth from it :into such a broad current. But Mr/Kli Johnson takes us Behind the scenes into the workshop where the decoctions are made, and shows us enough to abate the appetite of the keenest devotee of the cup. Whether it will have tbis effect I cannot say, but this I know, that there is consideiable cursing in certain quarters over this darned Yankee who has with so mach thoroughness let the daylight in upon so much that is dark. Apropos of the drink traffic, I may note that considerable indignation has been felt and uttered at the appointment to the Licensing Bench of Mr. John Davies, C.M.G., and Worthy Grand Templar. Without sym pathizing in all the, hard and withering say ings that this proceeding has called forth. I must confess to sharing in the sentiment that a mistake has been made. The measure which the last Parliament passed into law is stringent enough in its provisions as against the extension of the drink traffic to make it desirable that no appointment to the Licens ing Bench should be made of any one who, from his position in society and from his public utterances may be regarded as pledged to a cause which is in direct antagonism with the vocation of the licensed victuallers. And certainly Mr. Davies comes under this category. He was one of the foremost supporters of the measure in the House, was one who took an active part in connection with temperance bodies in pleading that certain provisions should be made in the measure with the view of giving it an increased value when it be came law, and, what ie more, is a member of the Templar fraternity, and a leading official of that body, so that fie can scarcely claim to come to the discharge of his duties on the Bench with that freedom from bias and pre judgment which are so necessary in one who is pledged to administer law. As a Templar Mr. Davies has come under pledge " that he will not make, buy, sell, use, or give to others as a beverage any spirituous or malt liquors, wine, or cider, and that he would also discourage the manu facture and sale of them, and in view of such a pledge and the obligation thence arising it is too much to suppose that the C.M.G. could be actually impartial. That this Worthy Templar can strike out as well as the publicans who are taking up the cudgels against him is apparent from the expression of his opinion at Newcastle a few days ago, where he designated the said publi cans as a set of imbeciles, whose protestations upon him or his future actions as a blister on a wooden leg. But Mr, Davies doth protest too much. We have had in this city too much of the game of see- saw between the Templars and the Tipplers in the matter of licences. Indeed the present Act was largely due to the unseemly tussles that went forward on the Beach on the part of the friends of the publican to procure the whole sale issue of licences. It iB therefore not at all desirable that there should be any appearance of reprisals by such an appointment as the one which is now canvassed with so much sar casm and bitterness. The Act is strong enough and good enough to work great moral reforms by the simple and honest enforce ment of its provisions, audit is to be regretted that its operations should be exposed to the ghost of suspicion by such an ill-advised ap pointment as that under remark. Anything of this sort iB likely to lead to antagonism to the measure, and provoke an attempt to get some of its provisions altered. So far it has wrought well, but a step such as that which is now denounced will tend to awaken some little measure of sympathy with thepublicans. A large meeting was held in the Masonic Hall last night under the auspices of the Trades Defence Association, which was largely attended, and was very enthusiastic, i It was called to secure such an expression of public opinion as would help to bring about a reversal of the decision which had been arrived at. Mr. Dalley had been invited, but wrote to excuse his absence. He, how ever, designated the appointment in question as'a preposterous ana ludicrous caprice of official patronage. The resolution which passed the'meeting was—"That the eleva tion of Mr. John Davies—a declared enemy of jthe liquor trade in every shape, and one of the leaders of a political agitation for its suppression—to a seat on the Metropolitan Licensing Bench is an unjust and tyrannical exercise of the power of the executive, and that his presence on the Bench will tend to sap public confidence in the administration of; justice in the Licensing Courts of the colony." A good deal of bunkum was uttered at the gathering, which, how ever, found favour with the excited audience. One fervid orator declared that if this sort of thing went on much longer the dogs would not be allowed to bark nor the cocks to crow. In the name of all that' is good I can affirm that infinitely greater evils were wrought by the class to which the said orator belonged under the old rdpime, but that in the judgment of gentlemen of this ilk was nothing. Now, while disposed to laugh at such absura talk as that uttered by a redhot partisan of the drink traffic, I yet am so far sympathetic with the object of their gathering as to believe that the publicans have something more than a sentimental grievance to complain of this time. Since my last letter the glorious twelfth, as Orangemen delight to call it, has come round again, and with it the grand annual celebra tion of che Order. This has become quite an institution in the city. At the initiation of this movement I can remember the disquiet that pervaded a portion of the people in con sequence. They seemed to think that some how or other their religion was in this way held up to shame, and their honour, if not their rights, invaded. At that time also it required some little courage to enlist under the Orange banner, as vague rumours were in the air of assault and ^ violence, and, according to some, you might expect a cracked skull, or the torch of an incendiary in your dwelling, if you claimed to take pari; in the demonstrations of this odious order. But that period has passed awav, and though I cannot vouch for the love of the Romanists to the order, or for their serene approval of all that is said and done m its interests, I can vouch for this : that the Orangemen are suffered to go their way, and you hear nothing now about the dangers consequent upon loyalty to their flag. The pageant this year was (piite equal to that of former years, if anything a slight addition to what has gone before in the matter of numbers and impresBiveness. On the Sabbath a dense multitude graced the Old Exhibition Build ing, while short addresses were given by various ministers on topics cognate to the objects for which Orangeism exists. In the following week the colossal public meeting was.beld in tbe same place. There was a grand mustering of the clans, and the impos ing concourse, the display of flags and ban nerets, the enthusiastic march round the building—if march it could be called— wherein there was some little difficulty to get along because of the crowd, the stirring music of tbe brass band, the softer music of piano and gifted soloists, the fervid eloquence of Orange orators, and the added element of intense feeling on the part of the:, gathered thousands—all contributed to make a very effective Protestant demonstration, and could-not fail to strike in this aspect if,, in no other. On former occasions it has been. tiie practice to obtain the advocacy of two or three of our leading divines as an auxiliary in the interests of the Order. But this year it was decided that outside the Chairman, who 1 is the Grand Master, the speakers should be drawn from the ranks of members of Parlia ment; and from a political point of view this was not a bad piece of strategy. Indeed, from the speech of the Chairman it is manifest that the institution is growing in public esteem. During the year it has increased its membership by 25 per cent., and at present it numbers 189 Lodges, iu connection with which are 174 ministers of religion. The presence of so compact and powerful an organization, based upon Pro testant principles, and arrayed on the side of that liberty which claims for every man freedom of conscience, cannot but tell in the working of our social, political, and religious institutions. On the other hand, our Catholic friends go their way, eagerly building up the interests of their order. Dr. Vaughan a short time since had a grand muster of the guilds of the Church, and gave them the Church's blessing. He is also just now meditating how best to open the new Cathedral of St. Mary's. I mean by this no reference to the ritual to be observed, or the religious ceremonies that will obtain, but simply to the tariff of charges that is to rule as the prices of admission to this sight of sights to a Catholic mind. After much dis cussion with priests and consultations with laymen, and quiet meditation on the whole business by the Archbishop himself, the fiat has gone forth that £1,10s., and 5s. are to be the prices on the occasion named. The an nouncement of this has given umbrage to many, ard the dissatisfaction has not only uttered its growl in the community, but also found its way into the papers. But Dr; Vangban, like Pilate, virtually says—"What I have written I have written." Not only so, but he strives to Bhow that the laity can well afford to pay these charges, and speaks sarcastically about the smallness of the amount as compared with the largeness of the resources of multitudes, and mildly hints at the shameful waste of money that goes on in their direction. Now, there is no question that the laity can pay the money. They are strong enough for that, evendown to the five-shilling assessment, which iB in tended to touch the poorer members. There iB no doubt, also, that heaps of moner go where it ought not, spent on folly and dissi pation. But that Is not exactly the point which creates the soreness. The Roman is ts say they have given their money libe rally to help to build it, and therefore, when the Cathedral is to be opened, the matter might fairly be trusted to the spon taneous generosity of their hearts. I do not think, however, the question will be left to thespontaneity of public beneficence. Indeed, the history of St. Mary's erection has been for the most part one of pressure. There has been great boastfulneas on the part of priests and dignitaries at the way the money comes rolling in. But what with mapping-out districts j what with fixing amounts which must be raised ; what with the zeal of holy fathers, which has hunted down rich merchants and run to earth servantmaids; what with the tenacity of purpose in this direction of the Archbishop himself, who boasts of the number of letters he has written with his own hand, many of which'Were to Protestant firms and Protes tant ^gentlemen, who were touched by this apohtolic letter and by this act of Archi episcopal grace—what, I say, with all this going forward in the city, going forward in the bush, going forward the whole year' through and for a long time past, it does seem a little ungracious that the crowning act should come in the form it has. The members of the Roman Catholic Church have a perfect right to do as they like in this matter. But from what I can gather the decision of Dr. Vaughanhasnotmet with the endorsement of'many of his people, and hence the mutter ings of discontent to which I have adverted. But for the length of my letter I might advert to the Darling Harhour Land scandal, the trial of which by a Jury has given such a wholesome check to sharp overreaching men who strive to draw unduly on the public purse for their own benefit; to the antici pated arrival of our Premier, who is to be welcomed home with a public ceremony that shall be in fitting harmony with the incidents of his grand tour ; and to the weather, which has been very cold and stormy. 