A, VENETIAN G FI OST STORY. Ol' tho Vallo dot Sette Morli thoro is a story current among the gondoliers and fishermen. Thoro wore six men fishing once in this 'Valle'of thc Seven Dead. They had with them a little boy, the son of ono ol: their band. Tho boy did not go fishing with his father, but stayed behind to take caro of the hut, and to cook tho meals for tho men when they returned. Ile spent tho nights alone in the cabin, for most of tho fishing was done between sunset and sunrise. Ono day, as tho dawn was beginning across tho water, tho mon stopped their fishing, and began to row home with their load as usual. As they rowed along thoy mot tho body of a drowned man going out to sea with thc tide. They picked tho body up, and laid it on tho prow, tho head resting upon tho arni, and rowed on slowly to tho hut. Tho little boy was watching for thom, and wont down to tho edge of tho canal to meet thom. Ho saw tho body of tho soventh man lying on tho prow, hut thought that ho was aslcop. So when tho boat carno near, ho cried to his father, ' Break- fast is ready ; como along !' aud with that ho turned, and went back to tho hut. Tho men followed tho boy, and loft tho doad man lying on tho prow. When thoy had sat down tho boy looked round and said; ' "Whoro is tho other man ? Why don't you bring him into breakfast, too?' ' Oh ! isn't ho boro?' cried ono ; and thou added, with a laugh : ' You had better go and call him, ho must bo asleep.' Tho boy wont down to thc canal and shouted, 'Whydon't you como to breakfast? It is all ready for you." But tho man on tho prow novor moved nor answered a word. So tho boy returned to tho hut, nnd said, 'What is tho nmttor with tho niau, ho won't auswor.' ' Oh,' said tliey, ' lie is a dont'old fool. You intuit shout loud and swear at lum. Thoboy went back ugahi mid cried, ' Come ulong, you fool, the others aro waiting for you.V But tho mun on thc prow novor moved nor answered a word. Thou tlio boy ran back to thc hut and said, ' Como ono of you, for I can't walco him up.' But they laughed and answered, 'Goout nguiu and- shake him by tho lcg;: tcll liitn wo ciin't wait till doomsday for him.' Tho boy wont down to the,water once moro. Ho got into tho boat, mid shook tho man by tho leg. Then tho man turned, and sat on the prow, and said to tho boy, ' What do you want?', 'Why on earth don't you como P. Aro thoy all to wait till doomsday for you ?' ' Go hack mid toll them that I am coming.' So tho . boy went buck to thc hut, and found tho men laughing and joking. 'Well ! what did ho say ?' they cried, 'lt is all right,' answorcd thc boy, ' ho says ho is coming.' Tho men turned pnío and looked at'ono another, and sat very still and laughed no .more. Then outsido tho door thoy heard footstops coming slowly up tho path. Tho door was pushed open, and thc dead mau came in, and sat down in tho boy's place, thc seventh at thc table. But each sat with his eyes fixed upon tho seventh, their guest, thoy could not move or speak. Their gaze was fastened on tlio dead niall's face, j Their blood flowed chiller and chiller in their J veins till, as thc sun rose and Hashed ulong tho j lagoon, there were seven dead men sitting round the table iii tho room. Fall Mull j Gazette. _ \ 