LOCAL ItfTELCJGENTJE. A FACT—The muster of the Rifle Regiment a short time ago, 80 some odds apparently tickled the risible organs of some of our Russian visitors. An officer of the Russian war steamer Afrika asked a gentleman connected with the Volunteer Force—" If that was the Hobart Volunteer Force. Of course he made the most of them. But our Russian questioner was not very guillible, and with a jeering laugh, said-They are just about one half the crew of the Afrika. Should ever the day arrive for them to re-visit Hobart with an hostile intent, they would find not 80 edd, but 20,000 armed British subjects ready to receive them. Let them laud where'er they like guerilla bands would so haraBS them that they would be only too glad to take refuge on board their ships. FRONTAGE IMPROVEMENTS. — Following the footsteps of the indefatigable tradesman, Mr. W, Webb, his neighbours, Messrs! Adcock and King, are now having constructed a very high aud ornamental Verandah, which, when fiuished, will be a decided improve* ment to the neighbourhood of Jbilizabeth-street, PARK SXREET.—We notice that at last Park-street has received attention. A gang of prisoners are employed in cutting down the hilly part, and from the energy displayed there is no doubt that the levelling and metalling will be completed by New Year's day, 1886. The ratepayers of West Hobart, residing in Landsdowne Cresent, hope they may receive the same attention, for it is a need much wanted in that locality, QUUENBOROUGEI CBMETERY—The residence of the caretaker at this establishment is by all accounts not a bed of roses. Report says the midnight repose of the caretaker and his family is disturbed by ghostly visitants. Mr Ghost will yet fall a victim to his tolly. Such practical joking has its own remedy. NUISANCE.—We wonder if it is the duty of the City Inspector to proceed against the Corporation for permitting nuisances to exist in the City If so, we would draw his attention to Melville street, between Murray and Harrington- streets. THE MEMBER FOR QUEEBORQUGH We believe that we are quite correct in stating that the hon. member ior Quoenborough, Dr. E. L» Crowther, intends not to seek reelection for that constituency at the forthcoming general election. We regret it, as he has proved to be a zealous and painstaking member. We have occasionally lauded the excellence of some of his measures, and others we have found fault with. But an occasional rubbing in tends to brighten up hou. members intellects, and gives them the cue to the wishes of people. It is a common failing of members to take offence whero none is intended. When persons soar out of private into public life they must make up their minds to meet with public criticism, which is oltimes very penetrating to thin skinned people. But withal, there are many members not so perseverviug as Dr. K, L. Grower, END OP :: NA1*A SAHIB —It may interest our readers to learn the » end of this atrocious ruffiian 1 f Cawnpore noteriety, Tho' Neine- . " sis who is supposed to be a Greek | nobleman, was in the service of the Tartar of Kashgar, Yakoob Beg ; and having rebelled against Yakoob, Jjwas - made • to U undergo XT the torture ot tatoping by JNaca Sahib, Who after his escape from the avenging army of England, became Prime Minister to Yakoob < Bee. After undergoing the torture, ' \- ° ~ - . - ° .. i . • this Greek nobleman, waited his opportunity, assasinated " Nana Sahib, 1 " and escaped. He is now being exhibited at the Brighton Aquarium This Greek nobleman claims to be a descendant of the Emperor Gonstantine. The tattooing is of a very remarkable character, the whole of the body, with the exception of the ears; the nose, a small portion of the face, and a portion of each foot, being covered with curious designs, stated to be 388 in number, delineated in indigo and cinnabar. On a measurement of the square inches covered, the number of punctures is estimated at seven millions. The operation is said to have occupied six months. INQUEST.—An inquest was held yesterday afternoon at the Bird-in- Band Hotel, on the body of an infant named Ethel Brady. After the evidence ot Dr. Holden, and the family in whose care the child was, was taken, a verdiet of death from natural causes was returned. The child it appears was born illigitirrate, and was given out to nurse in the charge of a person named. W illiams who, it seems, follows the occupation of farming babies. THE BOHEMIANS.—At the earli ^ 4. :< , „„„„!„.. m„K ett opportunity this popular. Club Will perform for the benefit of a Very deserving member o! the club who is incapacitated through illness from following his trade, The drama selected is a late production, and is entitled " Old -oldiers." It 1 has met with decided success whereever performed, and no doubt iustice will be done to it by this J , , , , * talented cluD. SUBURBAN GAS COMPANY. - If. i 9 OODtemplated to form a Gas Company ^ New Town. We onde.rand that . . " .. , i | the opinion of a practical mau has been ) sought as to the mc st convenient site r.. for iL/> the n«>l.'c works. Tho The cr>nf°. spot RRicnfori selected 15 is nn on the Risdon Road. The estimate given for the erection and maintenance of the works will induoethe residents ol New Town to at once commence business. Gas can be supplied according to the estimate at 7s 6d per 1000ft. The erection of gas works at New Town will no doubt be a boon to the residents of that healthy locality, North Hobart and O'Brien's Bridge. POLICE COURT.—At the Police Court yesterday, one drunkaid was fined 5s, or in default, 7 days. E. McEvoy, Honora Cook and Elizabeth Browo, were charged with disturbing the peace, McEvoy was fined 5 s, Honora Cook, 10s, and Brown was discharged. John Mead was charged with refusing to convey a passenger in his licensed cab. The defendant pleaded not guilty. Mr Murdoch, of the Old Wharf, proved that on Regatta Day he saw the defendant stauding on his car in the Domain opposite the Railway Station. He was watching a fight. Asked the defendant to convey him to the Police Station. He said ho wns eugaged. Another witness gave corroborative evidence, and the defendant was lined 20s, and to pav costs of the case. Richard Groves was charged with harbouriug improper characters. The defendant: ^id not appear although he was served * summon*. A warrant wa- or- , Christopher, 8 ,for su _ ed a similar offence, was fined £5, and to find two sureties of £10 each to be of good behaviour for j2 months, or goto prison for 6 dys. W. Robins, for a similar offenoe was fined 40s and costs, and to find two sureties of £10 each for 12 months, or go to gaol for 60 days. A trifling information case of assault was dismissed, Albert Aj Messiah was brought up <m remand charged with obtaining mon«y under false pretences. The defendant was further remanded till Wednesday to euable the police to obtain further evidence respecting the statement that defeudant held iand at the West Coast. Henry Noble, for absenting himself f rom the service cf Mr Currie, was fined 5s or 7 days. To day—Henry Mullane, deserting from the Lufra. Sentenced to 1 month imprisonment. THE HELEN. "—'BY advertisement in nnother [column. Tl:e Heleu barque is announced to sail forDunedin in a few days, | ^AX WORKS EXHIBITION—This Exhi- ! bition opened yesterday in CoUins-st,, ! opposite Mead's Livery Stables. The —proprietors, f ™Christofani s and Co., - have reason to be satisfied at the extraordinary large nnmber of visitors who. one and all, were quite delighted with the life like appearance of the various figures. The Kelly gang and their victims, and their victims avengers- The participators in the Opera House tragedy. The death oi the Prince Imperial being the latest events, received the largest share of attention. The figures are excellently arranged and costumed, and visitors are well repaid for their visit. A LIBERAL OFFER—A beautiful boy who is fond ef dumb animals, called into our office yesterday armed with two pence and a bundle of thistles. His eyes were full of tears, when he asked us to advertise that some kind companion, un known to him, but who knew the run »f his rabbit hutch had ttolen a pink, eyed dove, and had left the male bunny to mourn the loss of his departed. We did'nt take his two ponce or hia i hist let; but as tbe boy made the noble offer to let the purloiner have the buck ou the, eame ^ u he obtaiued the doe> Wf give publicity to the noble-hearted youog6ter's offer grati?. Shopkeepers need not expect to be dealt with sa liberally at all times. i THE INWARD ENGLISH MAILS.— ^ ill be due at Hobart,on Wed - day night. THE GOOD OLD DAYS.—''Sir Walter Haleigh/'writes Aubrey,« wa 8 the first that brought tobacco mto England, and into , fashion. They had first silver pipes I "Allen of Ehzabeth- streei. has the modern merschaum, ID the la.est designs, at a * mal1 per- eentage upon myqwe figures, the ordinary people made use of a walnut shell and a straw. "Alien of Elizabeth- ! fi. reet) has t cheiTy wood bowU witb j . D 1 • 1 . „ __ j „i.„„„ reed stems, which tor sweetness and cheap ness cannot be surpassed", I have heard my grandfather say that one pipe was handed from man to man round the table, "Allen's large and varied stock will not admit of a return to that system." Within these thirty five years (1680), it was scandalous for a divine to take tobacco "Allen divines the smoker's ooiufor:' It was then sold lor its weight in silver; and I have heard some of our old grown neighbours say that when they went to market, they called out their biggest shill ings to lay in the seales against the tobacco. 4 1 ALLEN of 17, Elizabeth-street.opposile the Ship Hotel, would find much pleasure in following the custom of our an* cestors. 