COLONIAL TELEGRAMS. Anglo-Austbalian Press Agency. j GENERAL NEWS. MetBOORXE, January 9. Two more cases of small-pox have been discovered among toe quarantine passengers of the Garonne, Albert Copstick, aged 18, was attacked on Saturday, as also Jaa Crowe aged 20. The symptoms are serious. Mary Cleanr who was previously SI, has developed toe disease in a violent form- Brinkworto and M "Cann are becoming convalescent. The disease in toe case of John Morgan who was attacked last "Wednesday is not sufficiently developed to enable toe doctor to express an opinion. All at toe station have been vaccinated. Mr. Bent has preferred all questions of toe free pass regulations to the officers of the Department, and has called on them to furnish reports justifying their recommenda tions. j The Horsham and Dimboola line will be opened to Pimpinio on Monday next for grain traffic. The St. Arnaud to Donald line will be open to Cope Cope on Wednesday next, and to Donald in three weeks. The new regulations regarding periodical tickets are rescinded. Die Melanope ship from Liverpool ran aground in toe harbour near The Pope's Eye Shoal. She will probably have to be lightened, as attempts to get her off were un- successful. The new grain shed in Spencer-street is open. The Mayor of Fitzroy has convened a meeting to consider toe increasing evil of larrikinism. In toe case of Henry Dawes, a "d""" who died in the hospital on Saturday, it was stated that in jumping out of toe cab he caught his stomach against toe brake, tear- ing himself open, and died of rupthre of toe intestines. Flour, £10 5s; wheat, 4s 9)d to 4s lOd; oats, 3s 4£d ; (feed) milling, 3s Sd ; bran, Is Id. The following are toe entries for the Australian Gup and Newmarket Handicap: — For tbe Cup : Swiveller, Diamond, First Water, Royal Consort, Elsinore, Queen Nar- rabri, Conrtenay, Guinea, Sweet-William, Waterloo, Chuckster, Napper Tandy. Santa Clans, Sir Peter, Suwarrow, Koh-i-noor, Martin dale, Crystal, Wellington, Czar, Bine Ribbon, BeUadrum, Westonrv, Chatterer, Attache, Trick, Coriolanus, Warlock, Pro gress, Royal Maid, Somerset, Dachess, Pollio, Commotion, Bos worth, Mamelake, Prima Donna, Falmouth, Hesperian, Saunterer, Creswick, Gloucester, Monmonthj Bathnrst, Turretfield, Savanaka, Mesalliance. For the Handicap. — Totalisator, Royal Consort, Baron von Mueller, Viceroy, Ad- vance, Tyropean, Elsinore, Qnicksilver, Trevaiyn, Conrtenay, Guinea, Sweet Wil liam, Waterloo, Chuckster, Sir Joseph, Santa Clans, Duke, Billy Mnns, Eros, -Albyn, Crystal, King Lud, Mulatto, Hyacinth, Lo hengrin, Simon, Canary, Harp of Erin, Euclid, Cremorne, The Ghost, Constellation, Cassiopeia, Cromwell, Viking, Ween, Ver dure. Cooreena, Coolaurie, Darebin, The Cockney, Tumult, Haidee of the Hills, Dongalston, Westbory, Aspen, Larpent, Chatterer, Corra, Odd Trick, Respite, Josephine. Venture, Will o' toe Wisp, Cor- rine, Mowerina, Progress, Somerset, Pell Mell, Gonzago, Result, Spanish Irady, Prima Hesperian, Ginnannil?a, Aureola, Salvator, Waxy, Drummer, Rupert, Valetta, Master Avenel, Surry, Gamecock, Andover, Exeter, Bathurst, Monmouth, Gunild, Silver Arrow, The Moor, The Israelite, Baalbec, Struck Oil, Henrietta. 