& GHOST STORY. The disbelief entertained by :most people of the existence of apparitions, however loudly they may affirm it in daylight, can be little relied on if the story related to us by a well-known resident 'ofthis toiwn may be credited-and from the good character he bears for veracity, it may be with safety. His narrative having reference to the above is somewhat mixed, but for this he accounts very naturally. for the. terror he. passed through.' Having occasion on Sunday last to visit some relatives livingnot far from the parish of Gowar, our informant-an athletic young fellow, having a. strong liking for sport,.especially cricket--.goes on to' relate that he started oh his 'retrn journey to St. .Arnaud shortly after;night had fallen. .He had not covered moreothan half the distance when he observed, on looking around that he had wandered off the road, but; being thoroughly I acquainited wtith the country kept on his'way with'the'object of striking the track further,, on. Having clambered over several `hills, each of which added to his bewilderment, he came upon'a long, low and deserted looking building. On nearing it, however, 'his ears-detected a strange noise and on..emerging' from the bush his optics fell upon a sight which he feelitigly said could not berehlized by description. Through the wide opened door of the ruins, from which streamed a: blaze:of unearthly loo6king light, he beheld what seemad't6 'his terrified senses a number of ghoul looking figures dancing with. demoniacal, gestures rpund, the skeleton 'df a ui.. : As if to keep taime with their ghastly. evolutions, -they ~kept up a series of blood-curdiirig and- horrible, incan tations. To-give a description of the super-' natural visitants' our informant expresses himself anable, for while trying to collect his scattered senses; his presence seemed to be observed, and. at, that moment the form of the proitrati man disappeared, and, as if with one accord, the ghastly and. ever- re volving apparitions, commenced, ' as it were," to float towards the intiuder,. -The sight of the fiendish compapy; making to wards hini seemed tob lend the now nearly .demented yotng, fellow. the speed of q grey-' hound, and tir.ning-round' be fled through the timber, hiid exit being.grieeted by one long. mad .yell, its cadence. echoing:along the hills for some minutes. Guided .as if by instinct, our informant :found. that he had run straight -for ,,his -dwelling, 'which he reached hatless and with one boot, his other articles of,apparel being also in a state of ruin, Such is the narrative as nearly as we can give, which is most wanting in not being able to assign the exact locality, which can hardly be near at hand, when it is known that the dawn was breaking- 'when the terror.stricken youth arrived exhausted at his door.--St. Arnaud 1Jercury. -Servant: '"Please mum, as I'm going out may I call:and tell- the piano tarner t'o come to-morrow. I've noticed, when you::play that it wants tuning very badly." Mistress thinks it over, and Mary has a andoth's, notice. Meeting it IIonestly.-In these days, wll'en the temperance question absorbs so much Uf publio 'tte'tibn; it "ma~i~-i h'e i of place :t quote the saying of a'n eccontric English gentleman, a anididate'fr Parliamehnt, at' a recent meeting"''f bis, co nstituents. A.man ,in the crowd. called out:, .? .What :about; the ,Liquor Bill ?P': ,-' "Well;" said the dandidatec '"mind was uncommonly` high last ye r. SHow vasyonrs ' , . 