MELBOURNE SPORTING NEWS. (By Telegraph.] [From our Special Reporter.] Melbourne, Thursday, October 26. The Melbourne Cup this year has attained its majority, and at no period of the twenty-<*> one successive years that have marked its existence since the big trophy was first carried off by Mr. Dc Mestre's Archer in IM.I, bins more uncertainty prevailed in the minds of backers as to the probable winner than in th<\- present year of grace, I^-SJ. In Istil there were SJ entries, 4't acceptances, and IS runners at the pest : tins year there were I'JS entries, fc! remain in, and lese than 23 will face the titarn r, and jK;rha{is ten less than the largest uun>Vr,;:;{. At vri'ti.* the probable lint of !rtart?7s and their jockeys stand ? t'oliowa :— Darebin, 4 jrs., ;? st. 1' lbs. (Power); Lord )Jurle>£b, aged, .s st. 12 llw. (Pi^oti); S* ?kanaka, sped, Sst-".?lb?. ( Batty); First Water, Oji--., S bt.o Hm.; C'.mtiauiulUi, 4 yru., b st. " ibs. (V oomans': Tiic l>runinier, 4 yrs., H st. 1 lb.; Pollio. 0 ira., 7 sU IX lbs. (Kilbyj: Sejwnhoe, 3 vrs . 7 r?t- 12 ibs. (Murphy): S?ett William, 4 yrs., 7 st. 11 lbs. (Colicy); Tlio Assyrian. ."? yns.. 7 at tl lba.; Sting, 4 jis., 7 st. 10 lbs. (O'Brien): Navigator. 3 \r?.. 7 >t? 1) Ilia. (Norton); tjudarz. 4 yri., ? vt. 7 lbs.; Santa Claus, 4yi 4, 7 st. 7 Ibi. (Ivemj); Lord Li?gar, 4 yrs., 7 st. 7 lbs. (Tlioroai); Odd Trick, aged, 7 st, 7 \\\,i. (Thornton): Jessie, 3 yrs., 7 st- *i lbs. (Crauu forUi); Mockwell, 4 yrs.. 7 at. 5 lbs. <ftiley); Bcolka. 3yrs., 7 at J lbs. (Burton); i^aess work, :t jrs., 7 "-t '2 lbs. (Kawlings;; Mylranus, 'A jrs., o st. 13 lbs., (Hales); Promotheus, :> yrs., (> st, 10 lbs., (CrackneU): Little Jack, 3 vr."., (J st, b lbs. (Moore); Hying -lib, i yrs., <"; tt. <; !bx. (Walker): .Mistaken, o yn.. ii $t. ('? lbs., (lit. Albaos); Anglesey, 3 yn., 0 st. j lba. (lioase); KiD-of the Vale,oyrs.,list. 4 lb). (Jones) ; Standard Bearer, 3 yra., 0 st. 4 ll?. I Vuir:n;; IJelntont, :> yra., IpslS ibs. (Ba-r): IC^ex. :j jts., 6 st. 2 \Us. (Walker); Brunette, Syrs. 0.-it. lilbt. (uou^h); Calina,3yrs.,<i st. 1 lb. (Nicholson j: lite Queen, i yrs., list (Birr.) Of tlte.-c several must retire, because only one or too rcprcsentives will be sent from stables that now have four on the list. To deal first with the South Australians, I find that Sav&imka; is the best of Savill's lot. He has beaten First Water and The Assyrian at the weight, and the hope of the stable, l'roinetbeus, has succumbed at the eleventh liour to & severe cold. Although he lias been backed by bis owner and friends, Prometheus Las not the ghost of a chance as he is now suffering badly from nasal catirrh, and a rcvore pallop nii^ht choke him. This mis fortune is deeply to be regretted because he was universally regarded by racing men here as tbe best u.rre-year-old in the Cup, and sucb good juu_"ts as Sam Martin and others Lad quietly backed him to win them & thou sand ortwo before hi* owner arrived and put a commission in market. Mr. Rounsevell is sorely dissppointcd.as thccolt's Derby chance an well as his Cup prospects have vanished. Whether Savanaka will be able to carry his fc at. y lbs. to the front is doubtful in such a field, and South Australia must not expect the winner to come from SsavilTs stable. Al together Mr. John Crazier has pluckily 1 tacked the grey to pull off the big event. I'nlrss Standard Bearer proves to be a greater colt than was ever imagined he can not be expected to do the deed, and tbe only South Australian to rely upo:> i* the son of t.ar.jr Forward, tbe speedy Guesswork. He is as tit and well to-day as hands can make him, aLd should he win the l>erby, must have a lit; tay in the Gup. even if be runs a good set or;d to 2taviiator. The latter may not be sljk iotcnu.de kid the difference of weightin the (ii;j. In the Cup, Guesswork will carry 7 lbs. more than Little Jack, now first favorite, and S lbs. less than Sting or Sweet William, who arc next in demand. It is krown that Guesswork Van stay two miles, sxd his brilliancy is unquesiisned. It is only M-rmitcd that Little Jack can do the tin t. "i-e, hrcaute he was not the Cui> horse of 11.<\- tctble until he bad won at Caultield, and ai.d it is quite possible he will be duplaced 1-y another St. Alijacs' favorite before tbc dby. TLc rejiorted sale of "iting, altUougU siilic denied, has made his chance seem doubtful, became the books stand to bsdly against him. It is thought syl vaiiiis can beat both Sting and Sweet William. Cunnamulia has not pleased his ft ituds during the pastdayb. The Drummer Dv goiug splendidly until he injured his foot, from which he v fast recovering, as he did a sweating jiaUop to-day. Poltio may have a say in it, also Santa Claus, Lord Li~ti?r, J=stie. Stockwell. Mistaken, King of the Vale, Belroont and Kssct, who are all doing well. At the present time of writing, on Ihurtday evening. I see no reason why I should not select onr South Australian Guess work as the most likely winner of the Cop if he starts fit and well. At tbe post his most powerful opponents may be The Drummer, DtMe*tre% best, and Little Jack. I con sider Sting to I* unreliable, although on public running he should be the best horse in tbe race. Jc^ic, King of the Vale, and Stocks ell are good outsiders. Little Jack may be superseded in the betting by Kelmont or Esecx, sbculd tbe wily St. Albans people make a move in the market. The latest list of starters for the Derby is Segenboe (Murphy), Navigator (T. Hales), Fryingpan (Power), Guesswork (Uawlings), Prometheus (Batty), Boolka (Carey), CaGna (M. O'Brien). King of the Vale (J. Lang), Ironmaster (Yeomansj, Mistaken (St. Albany), Tracsferred (J. King), Standard Bearer (Cracknell), Saionaia (tianisford), Behnont, Anglesey (Ivemy), Aide-de-Camp (Riiey), Solitude (Collcyf. Ko doubt Prometheus will be scratcbed. It is needless to estimate the chance of these, as I believe that should Guesswork and .Navigator get clear away from the others it will be a match between them ; and seeing tbe easy manner in which Guesswork won the Dei by at Morphettville aiid the £ood lettic he is now in he may emu late tbc deeds cf Grand Flaneur and tarry off the double. Xavigator, however, se< njs a more reliable if not so brilliant a i>ei former, and should take a lot of beating. There is a rumor that Solitude will be brought out to save Navigator's chance, and that the filly is both well and dangerous, lioolka and ytyingp&o; deserve respect for tliis cvtiit, as both axe good performers and Uoing well, and King of the Vale has his fritmis. It is not an easy task to make a selection for the Maribyrnong Plate with any dcgiee of accuracy, but the latest list of pro bable starters and jockeys is worthy atten tion, namely:— Wangunyah (Burton), Gold Top (liattj;, tjueen of the Sea (A. Trakan), I'ichborue (Ivemy), Cbioris ((iagan). Breeze (Wiilianis), Tabletop {Veomans), Tripod, Cupid, Dazzle (Power), Little Sister (St. Albans), i>if Color (Moore), The Prior (.Nicholson), Warwick (Huxley), Privateer (Kain), Kinpsdale (McGrade), chesnut filly (Halet), Lady Jervois (Boase), Karma (Pigott.:, <>ertrude(lla>-nor), Delusion (Crack nell), Abcrfoyte iWilliumbon), Middlemarvb (Murphy), Statesman (Colley), Monsoon (Rawli&g;&), Hilltop (HUey), Turquoise (Gainn forth), Heptakos (lliginbotttam), and Merry jig (Yates). Of these the beat known performers who are backed for money are liarina, St. Lawrence,l>elusion, Kingsdale, MiddlemarcU, Wai-wick, Little Sister, Aherfoyle, and the Lucanily,eitbFrof whom might win. Vcomans was never yet in a Maribyrnong Plate with out being dangerous, and should he ride Tabletop I would name him as one of the first three. St. Lawrence is a grand-looking colt, and Warwick and KingsdaJe are fast travellers. Karma is a beautiful filly, and the finish tbould l.c in her favor with St. Lawrence, Kiogsdalo, Warwick, Tabletoji, acd Delusion to supply the places. Mel bourne Stakes—Darebiu or Jessie. Hothara Handicap—First Water, Lapstone, Gipsy Cooper. E^^cndon Stakes—Savanaka and DcMcstre's best. CobujgStakes—Tyropean, Little Jack, Verdure. The famous spiritist tip, for which it is reported Morgan wanted JoeThompsontogivebimathouaandpounds, in said by tbe Heralu to have been Little Jack for Derby and Bagot for the Cup, for which events respectively both horsesarcscratched. Tommy Hales has been very ill, and it is doubtful whether be can ride this meeting. De Mestre's horses did not arrive at ilcmington to-day. Some roci work was done, principally 2i.iuiigst Aiaribyrnong candidates, on the stiaight five-f urlon;,'course. The best pcrfor n>tr> wcic Warwick, who beat off Turquoise ai.U I)i los in 1 niin. 4 sec. Delusion and Lap l^ucor 1 niin. 7 gee. : Kingsdale and Forester, 1 ii.in. 7^ sec.; and Lady Jcrvois and libnoi'S 1 niin. IWscc. Sarins, St. lAWTonce snd o:h<rs have also been doing good work. Thursday, Midnight. s. rat iljinj:*.—Derby—liva, Treasure Trove, (?ictiia Green, St. Andrew, leaser, Bclmont, C'urmelite, Comet. Mares' Produce Stakes—Feu d*Artifice. Maribyrnong Plate —Daz/le, King's Son, Hill. Talk, Signor, Dukedom. Oaks —Folle Farine. Hotham Handicap — Coorena. Hurdles — Fusilier. Coburg Stakes—PetreL Latest Betting.—Derby—6 to 4 Navigator (taken), 9 to 1 Segenboe (offered), 8 to 1 <iue*s work (offered), 12 to 1 Fryingpan and Boolka, 100 to 2 Prometheus. Cup—loo to 14 Little Jack, 12 to 1 Sweet William, 10 to 1 Cunn* luulla, Bto 1 Mistaken, 100 to 1 Prometheus (offered). Maribyrnong—s to 1 Warwick, 7 t?llAi?BU7<Ma?d to-day Dinah), ?tol Karma. 