CONFIRMATION AT ST JOSEPH'S. A very interesting ceremony took place in Sir Joseph's R.C. Church, on Sunday morning, when the Right Rev. Dr. Cam administered the sacrament of confirmation for the first time since his consecration as Bishop of Rock hamntan. The candidates were seated in the nave of the building, in the pews nearest to the high alter. The other portion of the church was well filled although it was immediately after the eight o'clock mass that the rite was administered. The female can didates, the majority of whom were very young, were nearly all clad in white and with a few exceptions wore white wresthB and veila. The greater number of boys alao wore white suits. The girls each wore a red ribbon from which hung the confirmation medal {souvenir da confirmation) whilst the boVB wore their medals attached to a red rosette on tbe left shoulder. The mass was preceded by the ' Emitie Spiritu' (Webbe) being sung by the choir. Dr. Cani celebrated mass and administered the Eucharist to each of the candidates for confirmation. The incidental mode of the mass was admirably rendered by various members of St. Joseph's Choir. The Sanctus by Lambretti was sung as a solo, with singular taste and effect. At the conclusion of the mass, the Very Rev. Dean Murlay assisted Dr. Cani to assume his episcopal robes, the Choir meanwhile singing the Few Creator. The RiBhop then turning to the people advanced to the altar rails and addressed parental manner. The opening sentences were scarcely andible, bnt, judging by the context, he commenced by pointing out that the sacra ment of confirmation was intended as a further safeguard against the enemies of salvation, who are constantly on the watch among Christian people to rob them of heavenly treasures. By confirmation a super abundance of grace was bestowed by the Holy Ghost, such grace as should make them strong and oerfect in the faith, and enable them to fight manfully and with courage against those enemies who would lead them astray from the Creator. In coming to receive the sacrament of Confirmation— for which they had been pre pared and instructed in its value and excellence — thev should bring a homage of fervent love and deep gratitude to God for the great favour of being counted heirs with Christ. Keeping their minds on the obliga tions which the sacrament imposed they would increase in the fervor of desire to attain the nprfocrjon which God desires, and for that fer vent disposition they might hope to receive a superabundance of His blessingand correspond ing favonrsand grace to enable them to lead a life consistent with theteacbingsof the Holy Ghost. He wished to make them realise their obliga tion to renew the solemn vows made for them on that happy day when they were admitted into conunnnion with Christians fay tiie Sacrament of Baptism, and they were washed from sin by the merits of the Blessed Re deemer and of his sanctifying grace. They were then incapable of knowing and under standing the misery of Bin, or of soliciting God's mercy, but their godfathers and god mothers presented them to the priest of God, and implored a bestowal of that grace which they were unable to ask for themselves. Bat the priest of God coald only grant this on certain conditions. He wbs bound to exact these conditions, a compliance with which make Christians, brothers of Jesus Christ and heirs to that glory which He has purchased with His blood, rhpflp nnnrlitinns \cptp accented bv their sponsors in the presence of God and his angels, on their behalf that they might consider themselves bound to carry them out. The minister of God farther told their sponsors that they could entertain no hope of entering into Life Eternal except with the help of God. First then they weie to keep the Commandments. In order that they could be admitted as par takers to God's gifts, and heirs to life eternal, the priest required that they should renounce the Devil and all his works. They, through their sponsors, had answered in tbe affirmative. Their sponsors had further made on their behalf, a profession of their belief in the mighty God, creator of the world; a belief that Jesus Christ had suffered on their behalf; and belief in the Holy Ghost, in the Holy Catholic ness of sins, and the resurrection to life ever lasting. Thiswss a doable engagement made for them— first, to renounce the Devil and all his works, and, secondly, to profess the faith of Jesus Christ as laid down in the Gospel, and as it is preached by the Church, because there is not in the Gospel all the truths left by our Blessed Lord for the guidance of the Church. Thus they bad t-ahpn Jesus Christ as their model and guide in this world, so to be enabled to attain happiness and glory in the next By the mercy of God, He was ready to infuse into their souls grace to resist the temptations of the Devil, to withstand the deceptions of this world, and to overcome them. This grace tad been solicited at their baptism and it was ready to assist them in all their struggles against the evil one. The Blessed Redeemer had conquered all bis enemies, and they had only to follow m his footsteps, to be faithful to Him, and they also aU times the Devil and his works — the pomps of the flesh and of tbe world, all evil desires, the passions which the Devil ferments ; all to lead them astray from God. Dr. Cani enlarged at some length on this theme, and earnestly besought his hearers to take np their cross and follow in Christ's footsteps. God would inspire them with courage and strength, through the Sacrament of Confirmation. He pointed to the condition of the Apostles before they received the Holy Ghost at Pentecost. They were timorous and afraid, and ran away when danger beset their Master ; even Peter was afraid of getting into difficulties, and eo he had the temerity to renounce Jesus Christ. But when they received the Holy Ghost, nothing could keep back their zeal, and when thev went forth to preach the Gospel, 5000 were converted at the first Bervice and 7000 at another. Persecutions assailed them, but they were not afraid and persevered with undaunted zeal in their work of preaching the cospeL Success crowned their efforts and in a short time tiie whole world had heard of the religion of Jesus Christ crucified ; and this had been brought about by a few dilliterate men who had received the Holy Ghost at Pente cost. Similar gifts would be bestowed on them on that happy day. He urged them to offer the purity of their lives for the remainder of their days for His acceptance, and the needful help would be given them to conquer their enemies. He wished them a happy joy and a plentitude of the Holy Spirit in their hearts, that they might be true children of Jesus Christ, and arrive at that degree of per fection which God requires of each, and thereupon, obtain the Kingdom of Heaven, which our blessed Lord had purchased with His blood, and which would be a recompense for all they had encountered in this life. Dr.' Cani added a few concluding sentences in a like strain, and concluded his address by the bestowal of his blessing. The Bishop, assisted in tbe responses by Dean Mnxlay, proceeded with the form of ser vice prescribed for Confirmation. Having offered one or two short prayers, he extended his handB over those about to be confirmed and addressed a solemn prayer to the Eternal Father who had regenerated them by water, and the Holy Ghost to send forth upon them the sevenfold Holy Spirit from heaven, with nil his gifts and graces, into their souls. This ended, the candidates then went forward ? the girls on the Bishop's right and the boys on his left — to the altar rails, and dipping his finger in holy chrism — or holy oil blessed on Holy Thnrsday— the Bishop made the sign of the cross on the forehead of each, and calling him or her by the name of a Saint previously chosen, said ' I sign the with the sign of the cross, and confirm tbee with tbe holy chrism of salvation in the name of the Father, and the Son, and the Holy Ghost ;' after which he give the person confirmed a stroke on the cheek, saying at the same time, 'Peace be with you. ' All the candidates having been confirmed, the Bishop then washed his hands and concluded the ceremony by other prayers and a Bolemn benediction. All who had been confirmed then repeated tbe Apostles* Creed, the Lord's Prayer and Hail Mary. The Bishop then besought them to be earnest and firm in their determination to withstand temptation; not to be ashamed of the standard of the cross and the day of blessing would be their's Among other temptations they wonld have to encounter was that of indulgence* in intoxicating liquors. He would therefore ask them to make a little sacrifice and promise to abstain until thev were twentv*one. Only those who wished to do so. were asked to kneel and take the pledge which he would at once administer. He desired to lead them to do pood in *-iiB respect not to force them and thus it was that he asked only those who wished to take tbe pledge, to knceL A large number of the yonng people then knelt and repeated, after the Bishop a ' pro mise before God, with tbe intercession of his Immaculate Mother the Blessed Virgin, and of St. Joseph, St. Matthew, and the Holy Apostles, to abstain from all intoxicating liquors from the present moment until the completion of their twenty-first year ' and that they intended to show a good example to others in order that they may be kept away from temptation them selves. The Bishop then finally bestowed his benediction and the ceremony—which had lasted for two hours and three-quarters — was at an end. The num bers of the candidates were — 124 females and 