lii^Eaf FomTiiv (From a'Scribbler.) There is ajllffiportaiit item iri cminection with the JTorth that I believe haB been.Ro far unnoticfed in your columns. A-jrortyof Chinamen have rented a paddock from Mr. K Beecraft, for the purpose of raising' vegetables. They ha^e ereoted a dwelling' therein, and. are, fast putting the ground into shape; <ind wt> art etpecting to be well supplied with these necessaries before wery long: • J At present they'bring a cart'load Once a week from the Cam. The main street from the Odd fellow's Hall to the bridge is in a disgraceful state, and getting worse every day. The Government have at last put a man oii to fill up the holes at foot of Howison's hill —time too! The knight of tho hammer (Blacksmith) referred to by "Chinkt-y" as having taken, to bullock punching, detjeryes.great praise for the enterprise he has shown, and also for the regard to laws of the land that he displays.' He doesn't drive ft truck with two and a half inch tires, or even ithree inch, as -s6me oE our residents, He has a truck that was imported'w\tf\ tires 6 or 6in. wide ; in fact'if our Road Trust would take a hint and hire him to "roll the loose metal when repairing the roads, it would be a benefit. It is not unlikely that a pattern of thB truck will be sent to the Exhibition, or perhaps the Lrfitrobe Show. Our township is steadily going ahead, several new buildings have been erected lately, and others are just starting and in course of erection. Mr. O'Neills morning and evening coach is a great benefit to us. We can jump on board, go into Latrobe, do business at bank or'elsewhere,'sind return by 4 o'clock. We wish him'tvery success. The| following are gome of the^announcements on a play.card issued by the Salvation Army' in Leeds. The Christian World, well says ;—" We have no hesitation in saying that a more atrocious document has never appeared. After the usual proclamation of '.Warl war! 1' etc., and an invitation to everybody to 'join in the figfrf against Old Nick,' the plan of attack is .thus described;—Monday, 5th June, at a quarter to eight, salvation charge. Tuesday, great exhibition of hallelujah lasses. Wednesday, fire and ininistone. Thursday, roll-cull; so'diers to deliver npMdieir Cartridges Friday, at halt- past sevetf, baptism of Are. Saturday,. at a rquarter to eight, r<joicing over victories won ; all over the shop-meetings. Snrday,. 1.1th June, at 7 a.trl, knee-drill--; ammunition Supplied to soldiers by quartermaster geliei-alj elevena.ni., descent of the Holy Ghost; half-past two p.m,. tremendous free and easy ; half-past six p.m., great charge on the devil j nine p m., hallelujah galop. Did this playcard stand alone, we might think it the work of some rash and ignorant ' captainbut. Unfortunately, it is only a specimen of the style in which the Army is now carrying on the..war, and for which General Booth must be held directly responsible No one who has any reverence for divine things can read this playcard without being filled with a sense of shame, horror, and disgust." HOLLOWAY'S PILLS can be confidently recommended as a domestic remedy for the ailment of ail -classes, and conditions of people Young and .old.of both sexes may take this medicine with the certainty of deriving, benefit from its use, when disorder of disease is making them miserable. 1-followay'B Pills are unrivalled for their purifying, aperient, and strengthening properties. ISiey remove indigestion, palpitation, and headache, and are specially serviceable in complaints peculiar to females. Each box is wrapped with printed instructions, for the guidance of invalids who will readily understand, from earefnlly studying them, the best way of recovering health. Holloway's Pills will work;_a thorough change in the constitutions of the weak and nervous. 