SPORTING TOPICS. By "ToutCela." The Caulfleld Cup Weights. The importance to which the Caulfield Cup has so rapidly attained in the estimation of horse owners, as well as in the interest of the general public — and the proud position it now takes in the annual calendar of the Australian turf— fully justify the giving more promi- nence to the remarks necessarily attendant on tho publication of the handicap than would attach to a mere passing topic. Nevertheless, as tha field is eo large a one, and there is still nearly a month before " the convincing day," it is not my intention to attempt a lengthy criticism at the present moment, nor to do aught but casually select a few horses wbo seem " in it1' on paper, and to pick certain others who, in my private estimation, are altogether "t'other thing." It was expected that Mr. Barnard's handiwork would haTe made its appearance early last week, and therefore hare been in our former issue ; but the difficulty of putting together so large a number of horses as 132, and at the less practised and therefore more difficult distance of li mile, caused a very proper delay— and I rcrily believe that bad still more time been takcu several material alterations would have been effected. In the opinion expressed by some parties, however, that Mr. Barnard has begun too light, I cannot at all acquiesce, for 91bs. over weight-for-age on a young four- year- old is the very reverse of a light com mencement, and yet Dorebin has had this apparent crusher allotted him, 'Ti® true his stable not only bears this lump of weigbt with equanimity, but that they have backed the Y.B.C. Derby and Adelaide Cup winner with a great display cf confidence ; still, lo my fancy, they cannot have thought seriously enough of their favourite's lack, and if Darebin be worthy of investment then pert passu so must be Commotion at 9st. 31b. But, as the play says, "I will have none of them in fact, none of tho top division at all, unless my mind shall greatly change as the time draws near. Why in the name of justice, however, the seven-year-old Lord Burghley should have only 6st. 71b. after his Randwick hanky-panky, is what a fellow cannot understand, for our Victorian official- like hi Sydney prototype — generally pops a few pounds on for such manoeuvring instead of taking them off. However, to continue in this strain would entail a lengthy article, which is a task to be postponed for a fort- sights and I shall therefore content myself with naming about a score who look the likeliest, " according to my lights," to furnish the plaoes, and with giving the go-by to certain others who are already in the belting market. Those, then, whom f deem to have a goodly show, eo far as favourable weights, are — Nopper Toady Fromethens Colma Masquerade Prattle Collision Liberator Mistake Mameluke The Car Belmont Brunette Sardonyx Verdure Sin fx Heed Guesswork Bordermen Preciosa Hereford Bay Mullyan Coorana It is a world of pitiea that a date to eooopt or to forfeit, had not been fixed for at least one week prior to the day of running, iot it is a palpable bewilderment and Injustice to the public that owners or nominators can now leave no leas than 132 horses in the raoe until within 48 hours of the start. It is to bs Loped thie sole idrawbaok to the V.A.T.0 a management of their affairs will bs obviated in future. General entries for the two days of the Amateur Turf Club's meeting in October were received on Monday, and they are ex ceediugly good in numbet and quality. For instance, on the first afternoon the Selling Bace has 14 nominators, the Hurdle Bace 28, the Challenge Cap Steeplechase 16. end the Toorak Handicap 40, wnilet the Foal Stokes have 21 declared acceptors, and the Caulfield Guineas 20. On the second there are 27 in the Hurdles, 29 in the Nursery Handicap, 182 in the Caulfield Cup, 69 in the Findon Harriers' Vases, 26 in the Open Steeplechase, and 87 in the Windsor Handicap. Such a liit nihil must; needs produce wtifihetoiy fields, Two pleasant raoe-meetinga are to be held at Ballarat thie week, that of the Ballarat Turf Olub being to-morrow, and the Hunt Club on Friday. The horses engaged fur each are fairly numerous, though not includ ing many of ibo firet- olasa division ; but this may well be accounted for from the naturally superior attractions of the soon succeeding Caulfield and Fiemington programmes, ana the e-tnuequent unwillingness of many owners to tax their homes powers just yet, or to , " show their hand." Nevertheless, amongst the hurdle raoers nominated figure suoh 1 names as Bed Hover, Sportsman, Annie Laurie, Dundreary, Napoleon, Busza, and Blue Peter— whilst the steeplechasers inolude Loft Bower, Collingwood, Great Western, Abdaliab, Spring, Kanaka, hire King, Yerlo, &.O., and the gallopers on the flat have Respite, Haidee, The Ghost, Borderman, Ceeriopeia, The Hebrew, Britisher, Gratis, &c.; There is quito enough "good stuff" amongst these, besides tbe off chances en joyed by others of loss fame, to afford two afternoons' very excellent sport, and the special trains from Melbourne direot to the beautiful Dowling Forest ooorse are sure to be well filled with horsey folk of all descriptions. As the acceptances are due to-day, it would be bad taste for me to possibly influence any owner's action by commenting on tbe handicap weights, which appear in our columns, but I cannot help thinking there has been aomo "crushing out" and eome " lettiog in." A Selling Steeplechase has been added to the second day's event. A special train, chartered as usual by Mr. Joe Thompson, will leave Spenoer-etreet at 9 o'clock to-morrow morn ing, and proceed direct to the course, returning thence on Friday directly tbe races are over. Tbe return fare is only £1 2s. 6d. THE Campbelltown Steeplechase, run in Tasmania last Friday, had only seven starters out of its numerous nominations and dwindled acceptors, the result being that Speculation came in first by a mere length, Victor second, and Paul third. THE funds of the Australian Jockey Club have benefitted by more than £1500 through the glorious success of the late Randwick meeting, and this result must be highly satisfactory to the committee and their able factotum — if he will excuse the use of this most expressive phrase— Mr. T. S. Clibborn, considering that several of the stakes had been appreciably increased in value. And talking about tbe A.J.C., it seems that a Mr. Webb has issued a writ against Mr. Clibboro, in his official capacity of secretary, for having caused him to be expelled from the paddock on account of being a defaulter. The damages are laid at ; a oool 500 sovereigns. Tub Victorian Betting Olub have obtained from the eommittee of the V.R.C. tbe use of the Fiemington oourse on the 20th of January next, and it is intended to give a still more varied and valuable programme than that presented last midsummer, if pos sible—which indeed it would be a hard task to do. The full list of nominations for the Great Foal Stakes sod Caulfield Guineas, 1883, has now been completed by the arrival of the New South Wales and South Australian nominations, and we regret that tbe great demand on our space prevents tbeir publica tion. For tbe two-year-old flutter there are no less than 102 engaged, and 73 for the tbree-year-old event. The crack stables and the most fashionable blood are prominent in snob, and it may be ooneidercd «eoo»/i/i that those items will for ever take a high position in the oalendar of the Australian turf. Programmes for two days' racing at Ken sington Park iu Ootoher, instead of only one as originally announced, are now advertised by Mr. Cox, the first afternoon's sport being on Saturday, 21et prox., and the second on Monday, 30th prox. The advertised stakes are considerably in exoess of those usually given at this suburbau tryst, and are more varied in incident, as will be seen by reference. Those owners and trainers who have horses engaged in the ooming important events at Caulfleld will be glad to learn that Mr. N. R. D. Bond, tbe moat foreoaating of secretaries, has wisely decided to let work be done on the course jproper — as at Randwick — on the outside of ehiftiog hurdles. This is a positive boon for which visitors from the sister-colonies should be correspondingly grateful. And talking about arrangements on the Caulfield Course, I am pleased to announce that the error committed by the workmen in putting up tbe picket fenoe on the atraight- run, and round the turn, with the posts on the inside, has been abrogated ; and all risk ofiojuryto tbe jockey's legs in "bugging the rails" is therefore now done away with. Tse Sydney Turf Club hare decided to give no less than £1000 at their meeting announced to take place at Randwick on Anniversary Day, 26th January, and with this handsome amount to distribute in prizes they will be able to present a moBt attractive programme. The "principal plum of the i puddiog" is to be a Handioap of 300 sots. — named after the oooasion of the holiday — and a Ladies' Brsoelet, for which amateurs only are to don the silk, the lowest weight being wisely fixed at Sat. A few somewhat sensational incidents ooenrred in the betting market towards the end of last week, the first being the bsoking of Sir Thomas Elder's colt, Monsoon (by Gsng Forward, ont of Typhoon) for the Maribyrnong Plate at 1000 to 40, and then the stable support awarded to Darebin for the Caulfield Cup, 1000 to 40, and then 1000 to 60, having several times been accepted. Mr. J. Fitz- Went worth's neat four-year- old, Sudooyx, also had 4000 to 160 booked in his favour. I learn also that n Sydney, last week, Mr. Wm. Pearson's filly Dazzle, by Proto-Martyr ont of Gas, was backed for the Maribyrnong Plate at 5000 to 200, and the Hon. J. White's colt Middlemaroh, by Maribyrnong from Housemaid, at 2000 to 80\. I cannot quite swallow, however, the of a New South Wales contem porary that 40,000 to 600 was booked about Calma for the V.R.C. Derby, and 100,000 about the same colt for the double of Derby and Cap ! It's a bit " too high," to my thinking, for both layer and taker, as well as too much for my own powers uf digestion. Prattle was invested upon at 100 to 4 and 5, on Monday evening, to win a few thousands in tbe Caulfield Cup, where she isnioely handi- oapped at 6st. 131b. Tbe Adelaide nag, Assyrian, has also had money got on about hi Qfiftnna in the same event, but this has bero done by an outside backer on bis own aooonnt, and not for the stable. Entries for next Saturday's Trot, at the Elsterawiok Track, appear amongst our ooming events, and the V.T.C. now announoe another programme for Saturday, let November, on the oooasion of the Four Miles match between Mr. P. G. Dixon's b g Wanderer, and Mr. Robins' be g Brown Hawk. The stakes are a puree of 60 both., two-mils heats, best three in five for all colonial-bred horses — exoept the above- named ; and a purse of 100 soys, etc., mue heats, best three in five, open to alL 8 ting, the reoent 1600 guineas purchase In the name of Mr. Edward Weekes, has arrived at Caulfield and gone into one of tbe oomfottable boxes belonging to Tom J once. He was a bit lame on leaving the train, hariog slightly injured one of his forelegs during the jonmey, bat nothing is thonght of it by his new trainer. Amiwmt other well-known raoers which changed bonds at Mr. Olibbora's auotian esle— when the above horee realised eo good a price for Mr. Bouse— was tbe om-cyri chut- nut, Saunterer, who has won so many events when totally unbacked, and lost so many when dimes were on. He has now joined the eompact string of Mr. Harry Haines, and will assuredly occasion another of bis usual surprise® one of these odd days. Bttburet, one of the disappointing divisioo, was knocked down fur the fair prioe of 310 guineas, to Mr. Gaunt, a resident in the far north. Neither Brian Bora, Fandango, nor Sportsman found purchasers. Tub V.R.C. Sires' Produce Stakes for 1886, closed on Monday, and by tbe list which appears elsewhere it will be seen that 27 high-does stallions have been wisely nominated for an event which is ro in timately connected with tbe welfare of the Australian turf. No much higher compliment can be paid to a man in tbe old country, by tbe general public, then to call him " a regular eport " — and most assuredly under this category, in its best-meaning sense, may be classed my friend Dr. Beaner, A lover .of the race course j a liberal supporter of another verdant turf — to wit— tbe bowling green, being president of the Fitzrov Club ; and a generous subscriber to all manly amusements. Conditions of Sydney Tsttereall's Club Cup, to be run at Randwick qq New Year's Day, are now announced, the added amount being the handsome puree of 600 eovs., and Mr. E. E. Junes also gives thereto a Gold Cup, valued at 100 guineas. Entries will be due on 17th October. A rumour having been rather industriously Eut iuto circulation to the effect that Boolka ad gone into the St. Albans' stable to be trained, and had eucoeeded in "cleaning ont" Mr. James Wilson's lot. I feel it behoves ine to authoritatively contradict the statement. Boulka has never left his owner's private establishment at Craigieburn, nor is ne likely to, for the principal pleasure Mr. S. Miller feels in racing is to have his horses doing work on his own ground, and as much as possible in bis own presence. A Betting Ring, d la Newmarket Heath, is to be established in the raddling paddock at the Caulfield Course, previous to the freat October meeting, tbe V.A.T.C. having ecided that a special enclosure will be an advantage to both layers and takers of odds, as tending to conoentrule business. A reasonable charge is to be made those metal- licians who ply tbeir pencils within the magio circle — which is in future to be a reality instead uf a myth— and any bookmakers infringing the new rules by betting in any other part of the paddock or lawn will receive a ''ticket of leave." That well-known New Zealand breeder end turfite, Mr. G. G- Stead, having found that racing interferes too much with his other avocations, hie extensive stud is to be disposed of next November, and a full catalogue of the various stock has been kindly eent to me for reference. There are three stallions, viz., Leolinus, a grandson of Stockwell out of a Melbourne dam, which is a good enough cross to please the most critical ; Cadogan, by Cremorue out of an Adventurer dam, which is another happy mixture; and tho French- bred Apremont. sn own brother to the Middle Park and Two Thousand Guineas' winner, Chamant. Leolinus was an excellent performer on English courses, having woo two important stakes at Ascot, and also beaten at Donoaster the famous Grand Prix victor, Trent. Cadogan ran a good second for the Two Thousand Guineas at Newmarket, and then bad a mishap in the Epsom Derby, for Tbe mares are a very superior lot, some imported and some colonial-bred; but one and all bave evidently been chosen by a master-hand, and for well- considered reasons, as may be seen from the few named In tbe present topic— to wit:— Steppe, out of the celebrated Hermit's dam ; Fairyland, by Orlando, and the sole representative this ride the line of that aristocratic horso ; Lady Ravenswo'rth, by Voltigeur— of "Zetland spots" celebrity; Lure and Naiad, each sisters to tbe grand aod good Lurline, mother of Darebin ; Pulchra, out of the speedy Formosa, by Rosicruoian ; Leilor, by Sir Joseph Hawlcy's whilom wonder, Buccaneer; Florence Macarthy, by Macaroni ; and Trfca Duoce, own sister to tbe beautiful and excellent Calumny. Several others worthy of notice, and of purchase, might be men tioned bad we space enough ; and it ia to be hoped that some of our Victorian stud- masters wUl "have au eye to business" when the eale takes plaoe. Euclid and Du&edin; were the first to appear on the list of scratchings for the Caulfield Cup, tbe former haviog been fired and turned out. My Lord, a colt who has shown on several occasions a turn of speed, as well as fair weight-oarrying powers, has been disposed of by Mr. Wbittingbam, at a satisfactory prioe, to a West Australian sportsman. I hope he will do credit to both seller and buyer in bis new home. According to a summarised telegram from Adelaide, "the Hon. Wm. SandoverM.L.O., has obtained leave to introdooe a bill to repeal the Totaliaator Act. He said he believed that since the act came into opera tion bookmakers and betting had increased. Mr. Baker thought that if tbe bill passed, the jookey club would be fairly entitled to some oompen ration, as it had made arrange ments for the use of a patent machine at a great cost." One of the sad duties of sporting journal ism is to record tho decease of any well- knuwn individual who may have been identified with one or other of our national pastimes, and such a neoessity now betels me in regard to a late very familiar and much- esteemed Ballarat resident— Mr. Daniel Sweeney— who has just "joined tbe large majority." For a long eeriee of years was the name and the personal presence of Dan a very "tower of strength" in the orieket- field, for he not onlyaoted as captain, par excellence, of the Gold Fields team, but was oonstantly chosen, when in his prime, as a reliable member of any Victorian eleven doing tori-tie for the colony. As an all- round sport, also, he could well hold his own, «nd to few amongst his contemporaries oould tbe words of the feeling old song be more appropriately applied, for " We shall miss him when he's gone." Yeomans having very property appealed w the committee of the A.J.C. in regard to the more - than whispered - allegations anent hu fair riding of Segenhoe in the Randwick Derby, wrote to the gentleman acting on be half of the Hon. J. White during his riaenoe in Europe, and also to Mr. Fennellv his private trainer, requesting to know whether any suspicions were enter tained on their part. A reply waa re- oeived to the effect that the foot of patting Yeomans up, although certain rumours were current, showed these were discredited, and the secretary has therefore informed Yeomans that these communications exonerate him. It wiU be reooUected that, although the Sydney and the Victorian press united in severe onto- oism, the remarks were txpremly directed to an indifferent display of horsemanship and not to any indifferenoe of honesty. Thk English St. Legsc h« been wot . bj Dutch Oven, although aooordiog to latest newspaper aooounte ens stood at 20 to I an the betting Having.given a few intonating incidents connected with the late event under the oablegrsm announcement usewhere, it will suffice to drew attention ban to tbo einonlnr foot of the three pltoed animal Mot filliee. and that tbe second wa< the winner of Tbe Oita, whilet the tiurd bad eeprod tbe SfnWno ribbon. Bttdote are now referred to another column. I may add here, however, that Dutch Oven bad been badly beaten at the Goodwood Meeting about six weeks previously — which was her first appear&noe; for some time, to tbe beat of my recollection ; and an authoritative writer in a leading London weekly remarked there aneot:— "The daughter of Dutch Skater started at level money, but still was not very eagerly backed by her stable or the public. Fred Archer had the mount, bnt did not seem to ride her out, or else she declined to stay. At anyrate, it now appears very doubtful to the turfy oritios whether sbe will ever come back to her two-year-old promise." Verily, the tipsters at home often seem as wide of the mark as some of tbe colonial prophets, aod we may " take com fort unto ourselves," as aaith Holy Writ. And whilst on the subject of English racing I may well take the opportunity of calling attention to the fact that the home sporting press is very properly as fearless in giving its opinions on jockeys, as on the horses they bestride ; ana having myself — in common with the representatives of the Sydney and Melbourne papers — had occasion IU roucwir VII 4 tiv UVWIUtiUBIUp QUpiUjea by a leading professional in the A. J.C. Derby, it is satisfactory to fiod that an indifferent exhibition of riding on tbe part of tho famous George Fordbam, in tbe important Goodwood Cup, is unsparingly criticised ae follows : — " There is no manner of doubt that Fordh&m; fairly (we do not say un-fairly) threw the race away with Tristan. He lost eo much ground by running wide, and keeping too far away, that when he did make his run, and got on terms with the leader, Friday, he bad called too suddenly on a horse that had his temper probably soured by being kept too long in the rear, and was also rather off con dition. Consequently, Tristan refused to persevere, and galloped a bit abroad." This description is a counterpart, almost word for word, of my own report of the Segenhoe per formance in the A.J.C. Derby. Another proof of how closely and severely the morale of the turf in the old country in looked after by its acknowledged censors, I also present to my readers, audits application to familiar instance® on our own courses will be readily seen by those who " read between the lines," according to a sago syllogism. It seems that the winner of the late 2000 sov. Manchester Cup— an American- bred horse named Wallenstein — is the property of Charles Archer, brother to the oelebrated Fred Archer, and thehot favourite, Fortissimo (who finished a decent second) was ridden by Fred himself. The same scribe, whom I have quoted above, thus delivers himself on thu incident, viz. — "It is a great pity that the result should have been as it was, for although everything conneoted with the affair may have been above- board, still you caonot stop tbe public's mouth, and nothing is more injurious to the interest and to the desired integrity of the turf than that any suspicion of collusion should exist, however slight or false the groundwork. Fortissimo, ridden by. the ooe brother, left the paddock a soppoeed certainty ; and "Wallcnatein, owned by the other, was not only quietly backed at an outside price for the stable, but there is reason to know that the par nobile fratrum had money about eaoh. As said before, this may bave been all right and proper in a monetary point of view, but oertainly not in its moral aspect." I sincerely hope the gist of this terse homily will be taken to heart. Wbat a name for the bookmakers to shout tlieodds about has just been rather cruelly selected ! Only fancy any oue of thick- fmicrnMl nr otntterrinir tendpnitiiui havSnir In sing out "3 to 1 against Bundynlumblah." Should he expire in the straggle- uggle-uggle, what would be the verdict of a eoroner'e jury? Not "died from natural causes," I ween. Aiconost the new sires announced to be at the service of breeders this season is one of the most notable horses that ever trod the Australian turf, viz., Mr. Wm. Branch's ever-to-be-oommended Progress. I well recollect once hearing a youthful Israelite, of the metallic " persuasion," most emphati cally but roundaboutedly assert that he "vished to gracious goodness de dashed moder of Grand Flaneur had nebber been born !" and had this vision been a reality, there is no doubt but the son of Angler and Coquette would have been both proved and pronounced tbe best-performed colonial horse, at all distances, aver bred— excepting, may be, First King. At any rate, he nine times met lucky Mr. Long's flyer — nine times ran bim a desperate second— and finally " ran bim off his legs," though finishing bis own three-year-old career "as sound as a bell." Had it not been for an unfortunate aocident, previous to the last Melbourne Gup, nothing on earth can be more sure _tban that he wonld have easily won the Champion Raoe, and thus had nearly "an equaliser" with his St. Albans compatriot, the aforesaid First King. His terms, I notice, are only 20 guineas, whilst Mr. James Wilson still keeps up his standard price of 30 guineas for King of the Ring and his noble eon. A novelty in the way of post speonlation ia abont to be introduced to Australia by the Viotorian Trotting Olub, it being notified by the Secretary that "Pool Betting"— i. e. the putting up to publio competition all starting horses in the same way as in Calcutta Sweeps —will be carried out at Eleterawick next Saturday. This style of investment, how ever, will be strictly oonfined to members of the V.T.C., and the fee for joining "the happy band" till the end of the present year is only one guinea, which also indodes the privilege of admission for a gentleman and two ladies to the oommodioua stand. Applicants must send in their names previous to 4 p.m. on Friday, when they will be duly ballotted for at onoe. Tss American " rcwiste," known as the TTiilndale Four, have been defeated in a match by an amateur craw of the Thamea Rowing Olub, aocording to a telegram received on Monday. It will be remembered by those who take an interest in boatiog affairs that the stewards of the Henly Regatta refused to reoeive the entries of the visitors— alleging as a reason that thsy were not etriotiy amateurs; and this arbitrary ruling caused some very indignant remarks from the Amerioan press, besides being severely oommented on by several of the English sporting papers. It is therefore E feasant to know that an aquatic dub of i»h atandins has not onlv wiped out the stain on our national courtesy, but wiped ont the HUlsdaleitos as well. The so-called " SportsmanVCJleb" seems going ahead, and to be very popular with its numerous members, for investments on the totaliaator— or pari mutuel — system were freely filled on the prinoipal events of the Randwick Raosa, and are now announced to be oooduoted on the ooming Caulfield Guineas and Caulfield Gup— both straight-out and the double. The Club's spacious new premises at the Apollo Hall are none too big for the large musters assembling there on the eve of any important meeting. A well-known patron of the clever Dow ling Forest stable gave a good figure for Britisher after the Randwick meeting, and he has been taken in hand by Mr, Tommy WDemi " of that ilk." Most assuredly we aee this eon of John Boil render a good aooonnt of himself one of theee days, for he waa a long way abort of what he oan be mado when he finished ao good a third in both the Hawkesbury Handicap and the Metrop. BiX&URir;, mentioned elsewhere as bought by Mr. Gaunt, has been placed in charge of Mr. William Lang, to be trained for the ooping season. Little Ricuond has gone to his new South Australian quarters, Eli Jellett having sailed with his well-deserved pet lost Thurs day, in order to personally deliver him to bis lessee, Mr. Blackler, proprietor of the Fulham Park stud. I both hope and believe that tbe compactly-built eon of Maribyrnong and The Fawn will make bis mark, for bis firet foal— dropped by Mr. Sam Cook's Zenobia about three weeks aiooe— h®s boen declared to me, by an excellent judge, as already tbe make and shape of a raoehorse. Petrka — the sister of First King end winner of the doable of A.J.C. Leger end Gold Gap, Ac. — has dropped a foal to Mr. W. J. Gierke's handsome Bordeaux, at the Sun bury homestead, and now risits Angler. The produce of this mare will be worth watching, for she possessed indubitably high qualities, but was singularly unfortunate in meeting training mishaps — and the unjustest of \ inoinnatioDs were thereupon falsely mooted. That section of the betting fraternity who ply their busy pencils on the Hill at Fleming- ton are deairoos of bring " taken in and done for " by the V.R.G. authorities, as have been their confreres m the saddling paddock below, and a request to be duly licensed ha® therefore been forwarded on their behalf to the committee of the club. They have named their own price, bring quito willing to pay tbe annual fee of 10 guineas, and to submit to the same regulations as to pereonal con duct and integrity as the " big burs" of the Viotorian Rooms. I presume Mr. Byron Moore will soon signify to these to hand iu their "monicos " and their " spoils." That popular and well-deserving double- event layer, Mr. M'Naugbtoo — who may almost be regarded as the successor of Slack, the putative father of " this and the next " —has just come back from a trip home, and " looks well on it." He must bave managed matters with bis usual acumen to have been gone only five months, more than two of which be spent in the old country, and yet to return simultaneously with the appearanoe of the Caulfield weights, and thus be able to open a book at once on " The Two Gups." More Tasmaniao nags bave arrived at bead-quarters, the latest comers being the Hon. Thoa. Reibey's trio, Stockwell, Bagot, and Oaks. Tbeir boxes are at Moonee Pouds, as they will go through their final prepara tion on ibe Saltwater Flat. A varied and valuable assortment of harness aud saddlery, made to tho order of Capt. Leonowens for the King of Siam, waa on private exhibition on Monday at the well- known establishment of Mr. Altsou, in Bourke-street west, aud I am free to acknowledge that tho elegance and the excel lence of the workmanship displayed both surprised aud gratified mo— as it did, to an equal degree, several of my fellow-pressmen, and other visitors who were present by invi tation. The articles comprise foar-in-hand sets for state carriages, another set for a jfony team, two for fire-engines, and a quan tity of saddles of all description®— from a gorgeously embroidered white bucknkin down to the leather chairs made for tiny children. Whips, clothing, headstalls, brushes, aud, in fact, every possible article connected with equine use form part of the large quantity of goods about to be shipped away, the order of the spirited potentate amounting to no Use than £2060. It is a great credit to Melbourne handicraftsmen that such an extensive con tract should bare been eo ably and quickly executed, for only 30 dAys have been occu pied in completing it in a htyle which woald do credit to any London West End factory. Cant. Leouowens is also shipping no less than 220 carefully selected horses for the Etstern King, whose sceptre is a b.-jcwelled umbrella. Fifteen thoroughbred mares from Mr. 0\. B. Fisher's estate, at Coranffamite, hare been sold through Messrs. Yuilfe to Messrs. M'Dotuld and Co., of Queensland ; and also Mr. Hurtle Fisher's pure bred Arab horse, Nowak, to Messrs. M'Gregor and Co., of the same northern colony. Balthazar — a son of The Drummer, who has occasionally shown fair form on New- South Wales courses, in the colours of Mr. Joe Abrahams, owner of Rainbow, Ac. — has been bought by Mr. Harry Ycend, and brought to his comfortable Fiemington establishment. The new purchase's name appear®, I sec, amongst the entries for the Ballarat Handi cap to-morrow. By-the-bye, it has been erroneously published that Yecnd had be come possessed of Basilisk, the jumper, iostead of Balthazar, the fiat-racer. Four of the American trotting mares, and one of the geldings, imported by Dr. Weir, bave been eotd at satisfactory prices, through Mr. T. S. Clibboro, of Sydney. Daisy baa beoome the property of Mr. J. J. Miller, Ella Chieftain of Mr. Jennings, end Richard of Mr. Stevens ; whilst Mr. Andrew Town bought Clara and Violetta for breeding purposes. The pedigrees and the personal qualities of these horses have already been referred to in these columns, and the purchasers and the seller are alike to be con- ffratul&ted; on their barirains. In "addition to the two trotting mares mentioned above, tbe celebrated Amerioan bred trotting stallion, Cbilde Harold, ha® ust arrived to his order from England, where le has been making himself a grand reputa tion, as also in France, where be has been S'ving the Mounseers a turn. On tbe lexandra Park track he did the fastest time ever made in the old country— to wit, a mile in 2min. 34eec. with ease, and half-a-milc in lmin. 13sec. Childe Harold was got by the same sire as the world-famed Mande S., so this speed is not to be wondered at. An entire called Blackwood Abdaliab, imports to New Zealand from California, had already been secured by Mr. Town, who evidently " means hutiocss." Respite has been sold to be used for private stud purposes in New South Wales, and it is to be hoped be will be more success ful in the breeding paddock than he proved on the turf. As a two-year-old he showed great promise in private, hut utterly failed in public to fulfil what was expected of him. The intended match between Mistake and Transferred, which was to hare been ran to- day,ie off by mutual consent. A match between a couple of New Soutb Wales trotters is to oome off at Randwiok in abont a fnrtninht. the horses hcintr Sir William and Grey Paddy. Sir William ia arid to bs the faster, bnt the least reliable, as he breaks badly, and is bard to settle down again. Two of the Bona of Wbeatsheaf, the valuable mare imported from-home by the late lamented Sir Joshua Bell, have just been sold at payable prices, Whetstone, by Laureate, realising 400 guineas, and Wheat- meal, by Melbourne, 430 guineas. Wheat- ear, aooording to latest information, ia suffering ao maob from bis bad accident on the Randwiok Training Ground that Lamond despairs of earing his life. 3 A correspondent writes me that ing a cash wager the other day with Messrs. Oohen and Kemp a fiver was given by me instead of a one pound note. On application, however, the next morning the money was promptly returned. Is not such ready honour deserving acknowledgment ? " Certainly, and it is a pleasure to do eo. Reliable information has reached me of Segenhoe falling so lame, after being extended a couple of furlongs at the finish of a slow canter, that there u eveiy reason to believe it will be a hopelees task to peaerere with hipi for our Derby 