OENEBil NEWS. The address of Professor Bice is asked for in tits Ararat paper. The Chimborazo brings £46,000 in ( silver and bronze money. A breastplate of a new kind of iron bas been made that will resist rifle bullets. The sum of £6000 was paid by the Govern- ment lass year tor vaccmaoon lees. A squatter near Pariras bas destroyed 8000 kangaroos in one year by placing areenic in water. Tbe Sonth Australian selectors complain that they have been made to pay £6 an acre for land not worth more than 12s an acre. De Lacy Evans, the woman-man, has got married again. Ibis time this she-he has been united to a man in the bonds of holy wedlock, and. her late wife is not going to prosecute her husband for bigamy. The land revenue continues to roll in. The deficiency on rents dne by selectors, which on the 18th February was £3,104 was on the 29th reduced to £37, and the total deficiency on the whole of the land revenue was in the same period reduced from £13,769 to £7,500. Such returns are unprecedented. The Sydney Evening Betes is responsible for the following A lady went to sleep in a church at Bahnain, on Sunday, and on being taken by the hand by a church- warden to awaken her, while tbe organ was play ing, drowsily said : " I'm really too tired to dance." The Atbury Banner believes an extra ordinary and altogether unprecedented effect has been produced by the long-continued drought and heat in the neighborhood of Wodonga. On the northern side of the range in that locality all the timber is dying off rapidly, and presents precisely the same appearance as if the trees had been tinged. The subject of cutting thistles croiped up at the Winchdsea Shire Council meeting on Friday, when the President (Mr. J. £. Hopkins) was most emphatic in stating that thistles were excellent food for all kinds of cattle, and he was sorry he had not more of them on his land. His sheepjrad cattle had grown fat on them when the grass was dried np, and he said he would sooner lose £500 than destroy the thistles on his land. Cr. Austin also stated that the thistles had been readily eaten by his stock, and he, with the President, wishei he had more of them growing. From reports recently received at the Education Department, it seems that opthal- mia prevails just now to quite an alarming extent amongst both scholars and teachers in State schools in various parts of the colony, and more particularly in those situated in the drought-stricken districts, where water, even for ordinary ablutionary purposes, is almost a forbidden luxury. Ko fewer than forty-two schools are more or less affected with the disease, and in some instances the schools have had to be closed on this account ; while there have been cases in which the affection of the eyes has been so severe as temporarily to deprive the sufferers of sight altogether. A complaint has been made to the Crown Law authorities by Mr. F. Tu thill, solicitor, of Beechwortfa, about the conduct of Judge Skinner. Mr. Tuthill charges the judge with being persistently rude and offensive towards him when pleading in court, accusing him of wasting time and talking "staff, Upon bring remonstrated with, Judge Skinner is alleged to have become most abusive towards Mr. Tuthill, who adds that since he declined to send any business to his son, practising in Melbourne as a barrister, the judge had changed his manner towards Mr. Tuthill. J udge Skinner will be asked to furnish the department with a reply to the complaint. The first instance of coursing a bare in the centre of BalJatat occurred on Friday after noon in Start-street. The hare had ap parently travelled in search of food to the Eastern Oval, but the crowd at the costume cricket match disturbed it. and it made tracks through the fence, over the railway embankment, and into Grenville-street, pass ing on the ronte several dogs which were too astonished to give chase at once, thus allow ing puss a clear lead. Coming into Sturt- street, however, the hare darted into the Union hotel, over the back of a startled grey hound lying near the door, and made its way into one oi the upstairs bedrooms, where it was captured alive and confined in a cage by Mr. Whitehouse. "Quis" in the Age writes: — "What a thirsiy lot tbey must be at the Beechworth Hospital The resident snigeoo is evidently not a supporter of the local option principle. During the year the proportion of medical comforts to medicines consumed on the premises is nearly three to one. The comforts cost £234 17s 3d, the medicines £96 3s lOd. By way of contrast, the Castle- maine Hospital consumes not more than abont one to three, the figures being £174 4s Id for medicines and £77 Ss Id for comforts. The disparity is thus explained by the Beechworth committee : — ' Thus our medical officers,' they say, "believe that in many eases spirits, &c.;, are cheaper than medicines and more beneficial.' Here is a nut to crack for total abstainers !" jgFrom an Advertiser telegram it appears that a shoemaker named George Smith and his wife were travelling from Pebina to Clare in a covered cart containing clothes, bedding, and tbe tools of his trade, when tbe wife noticed that the back of the cart was on fire, a hot wind was blowing, and the flames spread so rapidly that nothing conld be saved, although Mrs. Smith had her hands and face burnt in her endeavor to stop the progress of the fire. The man jnmped down and released the horse. Nothing was left of the cart but the bed and the wheels, which were much charred ; the contents were comoletely des troyed, and the nnfortanate couple lost their all. in this case the man says be had no matches except a few safety ones in his pocket, so how the fire originated remains a mystery. The South- Eastern Star reports There are a number of good yields from grain crops reported this season in Gambier west district, where the largest growers are Mr. Whinbam of Benara, and Dr. Brown of Moorak. The latter had 1100 acres under wheat this season, which yielded close on 15 bushels per acre or a total of 16,000 bushels ; there was 60 anres under barley which turned out nearly 35 bushels per acre or a total of 2000 bushels ; peas yielded 10 bushels per acre, or a yield of 400 bnshelB off 40 acres, while potatoes gave nearly 7 toDs per acre or 400 tons from 60 acres. Mr. "Whinham had 160 acres of wheat which gave the magnificent return of 56 bushels 43bs to the acre or a total of 9000 bushels j 27 acres of oats yielded upwards of 33 boshels to the acre or a total of 900 bushels, while 4 acres of man golds gave 20 tons to the acre or a total of SO tens from -the -4 acres. Mr. IV. Creek's wheat crop gave a return of 28 bushels per acre, or 2250 bushels from 80 acres. There are of course some indifferent yields in the district referred to, bat taken as a whole, the average will compare most favourably with any other part of the colony: An -unusual charge, and one arising out of the constant disagreement on religious mat ters, occupied some time in hearing at the Ballarat City Police Court on Friday. The circa mstan ces (says the Courier) were very peculiar. A year or two ago aMrs. Harring ton died, and some of .her Protestant friends erected a. tombstone over the grave. This act was contrary to the wish of her husband, and some other friends -Boman Catholics — who wefegreatly offended at tile proceedings At .times, tar and other substances were found disfiguring tbe stone. On the 15th February last "two persons— a boy arid a woman, named James and Margaret Carroll — were observed by two grave diggers attempt ing to displace the stone. Tbey afterwards asked thermal stan oe of the latter in rmdamng it He lad was questioned, and he said he had been offered £1 by a person if he would remove the stone, and he accepted the job. Mr. Watson, who appeared for tho defence, said it wra an extraordinary thing that a gravestone should be placed on apiece of ground without the consent of the owner. The bench held that no tombstone shoold be moved without the consent of the cemetery fourteen, and fined each defendant ls,and£l Is costs. 7 . On ihe irt inrt., as we learn from t' e Camperdotcn Chronicle, a number of gentle men assembled at Willis Commercial Hotel, Colsc, tohid farewell to Mr. Edmund, Ellis, "the editor of the Cotec jiejbrtner. ieho. after five years1 residence in Colac has left that township for Warrnambool. Mr.. Edmund Copper. J-P9 who waam.the.cbair, proposed Mr. Eliis'.heallh an highly enlomstie terms. He apdtomsed f or the absoioe of Mr. Bohert- son, MIcAritirim'vmenaViBdablyiptevehted from being prpspnt, god enjsrjged w g ywyl complimentary manner on the constant devotion Mr. Ellis had shown to the best in terests of the distr-ct Mr. Cooper said that Mr. Ellis b»J been made the continual mark of unmerited slander by a small party f people, who were incapable of appreciating his fidelity to the interests be bad to serve, and the valne of his assistance, but he had vindicated himself triumphantly. Mr. Ellis had never once refused his help to any move ments for the benefit of the place, mid had thrown himself heart and soul Into all he undertook. Messrs. E. B. Green. George Wall, and Thomas Marshall also spoke in very appreciative terms of Mr. Ellis, who made a suitable reply. The proceedings were entirely of an impromptu character, Mr. Ellis bong utterly unaware that any demon stration of the land was intended. It was stated by the speakers that they were au thorised to say that a suitable testimonial would be presented to Mr. Ellis, bat that the suddenness of his departure necessitated its being sent after him to WarmambooL A Goulburn correspondent sends the Wagga Advertiser the following Some short time since a house was advertised to be let, with garden and every convenience, rent nominal, to a respectable family, who would take care of the premises. The house was some little distance out of town, and was temporarily occupied by an old dame termed caretaker, who, aa soon as the house was let, lost her situation and her 10s per week for looking after it. A resident of Gonlburn, thinking tbe house a suitable one for his family, and farther that it wonld be good exercise for himself to walk to and from his office every day, went to enquire particulars of the old lady who was in (huge, who in formed him that no one wonld live in the house but herself, because it was haunted. " Ghosts !" inquired the gentleman, "Have you seen them?"' " Oh no, my child," was the reply, " bat exactly at 12 o'rtock at night all the bells wwianpnw ringing in the house, and keep on continuously for an hour or two. Several people have -taken tire house, but none stop." This, however, did not deter the gentleman from taking the honse. Exactly at 12 o'clock the first night the new tenants were in tbe house the bells were heard ringing, which so frightened the female members of the family that they screamed " Murder !" The next night a watch was set, and when the bells com menced to ring, tbe cause was at once ascer tained. The caretaker was fonnd polling vigorously at the wire outside, and having been caught and admonished not to come there again, was allowed to depart. Tbe place, which was known as the " Haunted House," is now occupied by a clergyman. 