DEAD MEN'S SHOES; CHAPTER XXXV.—fContinued). BT THE AUTHOB OF "LADY ADDLEl's SECRET." ,To satire so subtle as this Dr. Faunthorps finds no reply. He only sighs gently, and oomforts himself with a pinch of snuffi Sibyl spends more time at the parish doctor's house just now than she has been used'to do. It is the only place where Joel Pilgrim does not accompany her, and on this account it seems to her a haven of refuge. She is more amiable to Marion than of old, more friendly to Hester, more affectionate to Jenny. She feels happier— or at least more at peace—in the shabby old parlor, or the shabbier surgery, than anywhere else. Jenny, enlightened by Alexis, knows her sister's secret, and is therefore a person to be conciliated. She has sworn eternal fidelity, hywever, and has never given so much as a hint of the truth to Marion. It is a comfort to Sibyl in this time of trouble to lay her weary head on Jenny's substantial shoulder and talk hopefully of the days to come, when she and Alexis are to be reunited. " He threatened nevor to forgive me," says Sibyl, " but I don't think he will keep his word." " I am sure he won't if you do your hair the now way," answers Jenny, with conviction. " It makes you look lovely." On Sibyl's next visit Marion is full of Mr. Trenchard's declining health, and talks about his death as if it wore a settled business, appointed to come off within a given time. " You will be grand, Sibyl! Shall you keep Lancaster Lodge and the carriages? If I were you I should let the house furnished and go on to the Continent. Travelling is so delightful, and if you wanted a companion you might taka one of your sisters." " How can you talk so horribly, Marion?" exclaims Sibyl. " Who says uncle Tren- chard is going to die ?" " Uncle Robert says ho is not going to live long, and I suppose that's pretty much the same thing, only a nicer way of putting it. Uncle Robert ought to know, as a doctor. He generally knows about the parish patients. When he says they're going to get better they don't always do it, but when he says they're going to die they always bear him out. He's very lucky in thai." " Youare the most dreadful girl, Marion." " Well, you needn't color up and look pleased. That's quito as bad as talking horribly. I've a franker disposition than you, and I say things straight out. I suppose he'll leave Jenny and mo something for mourning, out of respect to himself. I shall have a corded black silk, thick enough to stand alone. I always looked my best in black." " Did uncle Eobert think that uncle Stephen looked very ill when he dined with us the other day ?" asks Sibyl thoughtfully. "Of course ho 'did, or he wouldn't have said it. We say what we mean at this end of the town. They're more polite above Bar, and the more they say a thing the less they mean it. Mrs. Stormont told mo she had taken a tremendous fancy to me when she thought I was uncle Stephen's favorite." " Don't be so bitter, Marion." "If you had to have your boots soled and heeled twice over by a clumsy country cobbler you'd be bitter," replies the injured Marion. Finding this young lady's temper inclining to acidity Sibyl slips away to Jenny's favorite retreat—the snrgerv, where she finds the damsel seated on the hearth-rug busy at needlework, and performing ^wonders in the way ofstoclcing-darning. Sibyl flings herself into Dr. Faunthorpe's easy chair in a despondent attitude, and sits there in moody silence, much to Jenny's discomfiture. " You might say 'how d'ye do ?' to one," she remonstrates. i " I beg your pardon, Jenny. It was • mere absence of mind." " Oh that's what you - call absence of mind above Bar. Hereabouts we call it rudeness." " Don't be cross, Jenny. I'm very unhappy." " I thought so," replies Jane, astutely, " you've come to see us so much oftener than you used to do, a sure sign that you are miserable. Are youunhappy about Aim!" " About whom?" "Oh,'you know ; my brother-in-law." f Partly about him and partly for other 'reasons. I am worried todeath," '" But uncle Trenchard will die soon," says Jenny, cheerily, " and then all will come right. We shall go into mourning, and be great swells." " Jenny, you really mustn't talk so." " What's the harm 1" " You mustn't talk of poor uncle Stephen's death as if it were an event we were all looking forward to." "But we are," replies Jenny. "I'm sure Marion does nothing but talk about her mourning, and how she'll have it made. I'm sick of hearing of corded silks and para what's its name ?—and bugled fringe. I shan't have bugled fringe; it catches in everything and one can't help scrunching the bugles. It's too great a temptation." " Uncle Trenchard is weak and ailing, but ho may live for years." " No he mayn't. Not if uncle Eobert knows his business. He says he doesn't think uncle Trenchard will last the summer out. Andthenweshallcome infor anything ho has left us. Won't that be iolly! I'd rather he didn't die till the end of the summer. The dusty roads would spoil our mourning." " Jane, you are a perfect ghoul." " Oh, it's all very well for you to be grand and indifferent. You've had the use of his money all along. We are looking forward to coming into a small slice of it. If I'm not made a ward in Chancery and my money all tied we'll have hot suppers every night." " Do stop this senseless chatter. Where does uncle Robert keep the laudanum ? I've a racking toothache." " That's why you look so miserable, I suppose. All the poisons are on that top shelf," and Jenny points to the topmost shelf in the darkest corner of the surgery, on which the quick eye of Alexis espied the blue bottle labelled prussic acid. If Jenny were not so deeply engaged with the complicated dilapidations of her stockings she would clamber upon the doctor's stop-ladder and bring down the laudanum, but she goes on with her darning, and leaves Sibyl to get the bottle from its dusty repository. Sibyl ascends the step-ladder, and descends again with a bottle in her hand, takes an empty phial from a drawer, and pours some of the fluid from the larger bottle into it, dexterously and quickly. " What a smell of bitter almonds!" cries Jenny. " You've got the wrong bottle! That's prussic acid!" Quickly as she starts to her feet Sibyl has reasconded the ladder, and replaced the blue bottle in its corner before she can reach her. " It'sall right, Jenny. I know laudanum from prussic acid. What a fidgety, officious child you are." " I never knew laudanum to smell like bitter almonds," remonstrates Jenny, unconvinced. " Show me the bottle you put in your pocket." " I shall do nothing of the kind. Go on with your work, and don't be ridiculous." Jenny mounts the ladder, and examines the shelf that holds Dr. Faunthorpe's small collection of poisons. The laudanum and the prussic acid are in bottles of the same color, but the prussic acid is inverted into a gallipot. Each in its usual place, but Jane's quick eye perceives that while the laudanum bottle has its coating of dust undisturbed the dust has been rubbed off the prussic acid bottle. •' I hope you are not doing anything dreadful, Sibyl," she remarks solemnly. "Tampering with poison is a dangerous thing." "I have only taken a few drops of laudanum for my toothache." " Well, I suppose I ought to believe you, as you're my elder sister. But I can't understand that smell of bitter almonds." " All your fancy, I assure you, Jenny. And now let's be good friends, and have a nice talk. Don't try to mend those holes. I will buy you some new stockings the next time I go to Cannichael's." " You're a dear!" exclaims the volatile Jenny, forgetting all about the odour of bitter almonds. The sisters seat themselves side by side in the window seat, and talk of the future, Sibyl's future* which means reunion with Alexis. They will be rich, happy. Jenny is to live with them, and have a pony to ride. "And shall wo have hot suppers?" inquires Jenny. " What a vulgar child you are! Of course not. We shall dine at eight." " That's lather the same tiling under another name," says Jenny. CHAPTER XXXVI. VILLAGE SLANDER. The days glide by at Dorley Mill. Oh how gently, oh how sweetly, in what innocent rustic delights, in simple, childlike pleasures, shared and sanctified by the perpetual presence of a child ! The willows have unfolded their tender young leaves. The white blossoms of the orchards have come and gone like all earth's fairest things, too brief, too transitory. The lazy cattle revel in golden pastures; the pine trees on the hill-tops put forth pale green shoots at the ends of their dark old boughs. It is the time of buttercups and young lambs, trout-fishing, and all delights of early summer, and it has brought along with it fair nights and days, healing and strength, to Alexis Secretan. Yet, strange to say, now that ho is so much better, and nearly well enough to bear the journey to the Grange, he is no longer impatient to return thither. " My life would be so dull without Trot," he says. " I'm afraid I have fallen in love with Trot." And then he sighs deeply, and lapses into one of those despondent moods which come upon him sometimes. Linda bends very low over her work, and she too sighs, but so softly that the sigh teachers no ear but Richard Plowden's, who sits close beside her work-table. Alexis is well enough to go out of doors and walk a little way, assisted by his cane on one side, and on the other by Linda or Richard. They take it in turns to accompany him in these brief walks; and Linda shows him all the beauties of nature to be seen within a few hundred yards of the mill. They all sit out of doors a good deal in the balmy June weather, and Linda takes her work and books to the rustic bench under the willows, and Alexis has many an afternoon nap, lulled by the bubble of the mill-stream. But the day comes at last when Mr. Skalpcl, who, if he has erredat all, has erred on the side of caution, pronounces that his patient is quito well enough to bear the journey home. " And I do not say you could not have borne it a fortnight ago," adds the surgeon, " but I knew you to be particularly well off here, and one cannot be too careful." "Yes, I am very well off here," says Alexis, with a smothered 6igh. "However, since you are well enough to walk the length of the village you are certainly well enough to bear a three-mile drive, and we have no excuse for keeping you here any longer." " Ho, I have no excuse for remaining," says Alexis, thoughtfully. " Six weeks ago you were in a great hurry to go home. I could hardly persuade you to be patient." " Six weeks ago I was ill and fretful. Since then I have domesticated myself here, and now I feel as if Dorley Mill were home. Mr. Benfield and his granddaughter are so good to me; and this little fellow," adds Alexis, laying his hand on the golden head of Trot, who lies at his feet with an open picture-book spread out before him, " this little one and I have grown such friends that I don't know what I shall do without him." " Ah," says Mr. Skalpel, waxing grave, " poor little boy." " You speak as if he were no favourite of yours." " He is not," replies the surgeon. " He has caused too much scandal to be a favorite of mine." " What do you mean by scandal ?" " Well, Mr. Secretan, country people are censorious. It's a very unworthy feeling on their part, but you'll find that country people are censorious." " I have discovered the same failing in London people occasionally," remarks Alexis. " And if anything happens which is not quito open and on the surface, country people are apt to take a narrow view of it. Now Mr. Benfield's adoption of this boy has given rise to some very unpleasant reports." " Why should it do so ? Is it not an act of charity, a most praiseworthy act ?" " Possibly, possibly my dear Mr. Secretan. That is the way in which I have always endeavoured to see it, but one can't get other people to look at the thing with the same largeness of view. There is my wife now, an admirable woman; Miss Challice was a favourite of hers before the appearance of this child; she would have done anything for her; but since this baby came on the scene my wife has quito turned against the poor girl, will hardly allow her name to be mentioned in her presence." " That seems rather hard." " It is hard, but it is human nature. There are some sharp angles inhuman nature. It isn't all Hogarth's line of beauty. You see this child made his appearance in a most mysterious way. If he had dropped from the moon it couldn't have been more sudden, and we know no more about his origin than we do of a moonstone." " Then people have talked unpleasantly about Miss Challice, I infer." " They have, Mr. Secretan. There have been hard things said in the village with reference to that child. The village mind is coarse, and the village vocabulary is limited. Spades are called spades." " And your villagers can hatch a lie out of their foul imaginations," says Alexis, in a ton'e that quite startles the placable doctor. "I have always stood up for Miss Challice," he says, " I have always defended her." " I am sorry there should be any need for defence," replies Alexis, sternly. "I am sorry the people of Dorley and its neighbourhood should be such savages and idiots as not to recognise purity when they see it. I have lived nearly six months under the roof that shelters Miss Challice, and if she is not pure and perfect among women I have no power to recognise womanly purity and goodness." "I am entirely with you there, Mr. Secretan, yet I cannot help regretting that this child should have ever been brought here to occasion a scandal. There is a secret of some kind about his origin, and wherever there is a secret there is always food for slander. I am sorry, because I know Miss Challice has suffered." " What, the slanders have reached her ears ?" " Yes, on some occasions, and they have made her very unhappy." " Poor girl! Yet when I offered to adopt Trot, she would not hear of such a thing." " I dare say not. The little fellow has wound himself about her heart, no doubt. They were always a soft-hearted race, these Beniields. The old man has been an encourager of tramps aud beggars, too easy by half. It doesn't do, Mr. Secretan." " Benevolence ? No, it seems a failure in this life." This conversation with tlie surgeon makes a strong impression upon Alexis. Instead of going downstairs to the sittingroom where Richard and Linda are expecting him, he remains in his own room all the afternoon, keeping the child for his companion. The little fellow will amuse himself for an hour together, playing about the room in his quiet little way, and perfectly happy. Alexis looks at him with infinite compassion. " Poor little waif, what is to be your fate in the years to come i" he asks to himself. " You cannot always have the calm shelter of Dorley Mill. The day will come when you will have to go out into the world to fight the battle of life—nameless, perhaps frieudless, unless I am living to befriend you. Poor child, I would give much to know your history, and yet there are questions I dare not ask. There is always the horrible doubt, the lurking fear that this village scandal may contain some grain of truth." He is disinclined for Linda's society that evening, and goes out at sunset for a solitary stroll, with no support but his cane. It is the first time he has walked without the help of Linda or Eichard. He goes down the willow-shaded path, contemplates the simple pastoral landscape in a thoughtful mood, scarcely seeing the object he gazes at, and then strolls .past that brief row of old-fashioned cottages which constitutes the village of Dorley. Some men are standing before the little public-house, and one of them seems considerably amused in a quiet way at the appearance of Alexis, pale and wan still, and leaning heavily on his cane. " Ho don't look up to much yet, do he ?" says one of those village worthies when Alexis had passed, but before ho is out of hearing. " No," says the man who grinned. " He looks a rare sight. Yon's the rich gentleman at the mill. Miss Challice's new lovyer." " Who says he's her sweetheart ?" asks the other. " Well, folks don't say it, may be, but they knows it pretty well, I should think." That's the young woman that's got the 'dopted child," says the facetious man's friend. The humorist is a drunkard and ne'erdo-well, he has been refused employment at the mill, and i3 hitter against Mr. Benfield and his household. '"Dopted child!" he says, with his coarse laugh, raising hiB voice on purpose tliat AlSxis may hear him. There's many eech "dopted children in these parts, but we calls 'em by another name. We calls 'em,'" '". "He has:just time to utter a blasphemous adjective,,but not the substantive that is to follow it, for the adjective is thrust back between his teeth,'as it were, by a blow which strikes him on the mouth and seems to loosen every tooth in his head. It is astonishing how hard a weak man can hit when his arm is impelled by such passion as moves Alexis to-night. He staggers from the recoil of his own blow and might fell were it not for a bystander's friendjy arm stretched out to support him. " Sarve him right," says one of the sufferer's companions, as he stands before them, a piteous object, pouring his blood upon the dusty road as in a libation of the great mother. " He didn't ought to have gone and said anything agen Miss Challice. She he a good friend to the poor folks." The injured man growls out some threat about " summonsing" and " the beak." " Summon me before whom you please," replies Alexis. " I will think this evening's work cheap at five pounds." Alexis goes back to the mill curiously moved by what has happened. " Why do I feel insult to her so keenly 1" he asks himself. " Is it that she is more to me than I dare avow even to my own heart? Is there peril for my future peace in this quiet home that has sheltered my sickness and pain? Tour fault, Sibyl, yout fault. You. have left your place to be occupied by another. Whatever evil befalls me is your work. Let it be my care that I bring no evil upon the good Samaritans who have succoured me in my weakness. Mr. Skalpel is right, I have no excuse foT remaining at Dorley another day. But before I go I would give much to learn the secret of that child's adoption." He is not a little enfeebled by his act of violence and the passion that accompanied it. His heart beats violently, and he is barely strong enough to get back to the mill, where he arrives in a state of extreme exhaustion, and so pale as to frighten Linda and Richard almost as much as if his ghost had returned instead of himself. " How ill you are looking, Mr. Secretan !" says Linda anxiously, when she has arranged the pillows on his sofa and brought him a tumbler of claret and water. " Yon have been walking too fast, and alone." " I am sorry I look so ill," replies Alexis, " for Mr. Skalpel tells me I am quite well, and I am to go home to-morrow." " To-morrow ?" " Yes; there is no excuse for my being a burden to you any longer." "You have never been a burden," answers Linda, in a very low voice. Her face is hidden from Alexis, but not from Richard Plowden, who in their daily companionship has learned the meaning of that thoughtfnl countenance all too well. He reads her secret there to-night, and the knowledge pierces him to the heart. CHAPTER TROT'S XXXVII. HISTORY. Alexis wakes next morning with a throbbing head and a vague sense of trouble and regret; but upon the one question of his immediate return to the Grange his mind is fixed. There shall be no further delay. He has been long enough at Dorley —perhaps too long for his peace. " If any one had toid me last Christmas that my heart could ever beat one throb in the minute faster for any woman living except my wife, I should have given him the lie boldly enough. Is it gratitude—respect —affection—that makes me think so much of my fair young nurse, and think it so hard a thing to part from her 1 Or is it a feeling tliat I am bound to stifle ? I hardly know how to answer that question even to myself. At worst the sentiment is a mild one. Passion has no part in my love—if love it be. It is pure and reverent, and I will say no word that shall sully it. Yet I can but feel what new brightness might glorify my life if I were free to love this girl." He rises later than usual, and not before Trot has come to knock at his door and announce the hour. "Bekkustis weady for oo," says Trot; " oo eggs is boiled. Trot found 'em in the henhouse; Cothin Thina ones." "Dear little Trot! How I shall miss that baby voice, and those pretty baby ways 1 '•' thinks Alexis. " Coming presently, Trot," he cries cheerily, and Trot makes his 'way downstaiiB rather noisily, as he alights upon every stair with a jump. • It is noon when Alexis goes down'to . breakfast, a radiant summer noon, and the 'first'strawberries from, the garden ire upon the 'table, nefltliug^amocg their aristocratic leaves. Linda is seated in her accustomed place by the window, her inexhaustible workbasket by her side. When she is not working for her grandfather or Trot she is making clothes for the poorest among her neighbors. " You accused me of looking ill last night, Miss Challice," says Alexis as they shake hands; " and this morniag I find you as pale as your lilies out yonder. What has happened to disturb you 1" " I have been told what you did yesterday evening," answers Linda, gravely. " What, my little escapade with one of your amiable neighbours," cries Alexis, lightly. " You don't mean to say people have been talking of such a trifle as that ? I think I taught the gentleman that it's bad manners to laugh at a sick man." "Was it for laughing at you that you struck him, Mr. Secretan?" asks Linda. " Certainly. My cadaverous looks provoked his mirth, and if I do resemble the Knight of the Rueful Countenance, I don't choose to be laughed at before my face." " Oh, Mr. Secretan, I know all that was said by that man. Elizabeth has been in the village this morning, and people have told her all that happened. It was the slander against me which you resented. The old cruel slander which has pursued me ever since X took pity upon that desolate child." The tears roll slowly down her cheeks, but she wipes tbem hastily away and regains composure. She is not one of those women who wash out their grief in tears. " No one shall slander you in my presence, Miss Challice, and go unpunished. I'm sorry I let that foul-mouthed ruffian off so easily." " And you do not believe you " Her voice fails her, and again the unbidden tears start to her eyes. " I believe anything against you 1 No, Linda. But if you would trust me with your secret " " I have no secret," replies Liuda, with a frank, steady look, more convincing than a world of protestation. " I have shrunk from talking to you of that dear little fellow's history only because it is a very sad one, and because the scandal which he has brought upon us has made the subject particularly painful to me. I should have been weak aud cowardly if I had consented to part with my little darling just because people are wicked enough to speak evil of me, but I am not so brave as to eudure their slander without pain. I have suffered deeply." " Tell me all, I entreat you. I think I love that child almost as well as you do. He is about the age my own son would have been had he lived—the son I never saw. That sounds curious, does it not ? but the history of my marriage is a very painful one, Miss Challice, though I thank God it has no clement of disgrace—and I " here he falters a little, as if the words he has to speak were somewhat difficult to say—" I still have the hope of reunion with my wife." He may have some motive for speaking of Sibyl to-day, though she has been very little in his thoughts of late. " Tell me all about Trot's birth." "Let me see you begin your breakfast first. It's rather a long story." " I am all attention." (To be continued.) 