The V.R.C. Derby Day, etc. On Saturday next the Y.R.G. Ancnal Spring Meeting oommenoes, tbe principal items on the card being tbe rich Maribyr- non it Plate for two-rear- olds, and the in- teresting Bine Ribbon Raoe for three-year- olds. As these events are referred to in another column, there is no need to do more than pay them a duo meed of honour by giving a special heading to this first of to day's) Sporting Topics, and thus direct tbe attention of our many readers to the advisa bility of carefully weighing all tbe pros and oone out forward in regard to the various candidates engaged. By-the-bye, forfeits for both Maribyrnong Plate and Derby must be declared and paid by eleven o'eloak on tbe morning before the raoe (».«. the day after to-morrow), and not 4p.m. as stated in error by a sporting oontaxnporary. Fnrn, Forfeits for tbe Melbourne Cap were due yesterday, and a referenoe to our weekly list of soratobingB will chow what horses have deolined sinoe our last. Tbe total number now left in is 36. Wkiohts for the Hotham Handicap and Cobnrg Stakes, wbioh are to be ran on Saturday, duly appear in tbe V.R.C. pro- .gramme we publish to-day, and also the weights for tbe Hurdle Baoe and Steeple chase, wbioh come off on the third and fourth daya. Die fall list is given— although some of the horses have been scratched — in order that Mr. Barnard's handiwork may be seen in its entirety; bat ourSoxstcbing List slows the malcontents up to last evening. Tbb Kensington Cup, and other events on the well-mixed programme of sport at Mr. Cox's handy taring tryst, oame off enflatur- uay afternoon Nomination's are to hand from Sydney for the three important events to be run at Bsndwick on Boxing Day, New Year's Day, and Anniversary Day. The first of these is the A.J.G. Summer Cup, for which no less than 82 horses are engaged ; the next is the rich and popular Tattereall's Cup, which also has 82 entries, though not exactly identical with tbe formor race ; and the third is the AnniversaTj Handicap, under tbe auspices of the Sydney Turf Club, with a satisfactory list. Viotoria and South Australia have representatives in each race, but they are 41 few and far between." TflB Bcndigo Entries are published to-day, and there is no reason for the local club to complain of the show they make, albeit tbey have sometimes been more numerous in bye- gone years, and of more sensational quality. The principal events have filled as fol lows s — Epsom Handicap, 10 horses j Hurdle Race; 14; Sandhurst Cup, 25 Telegraph Stakes, 13 ; Trot, 8 ; Flying Handicap, 16 ; BeUiu .Hurdle, 9 j Bendigp Handicap,. 27 j aud Steeplechase, 11, Weights do not ap pear until Thursday, 9th Novembor, which seems rather an overlong timo after the V.R.C. Meeting. The summer race meeting of tbe Warr- Dambool Racing Club will be held on Boxing Day, the 26th December, and the committee baTe decided upon tho following events : — Maiden Plate, of 30 sove. ; Handicap Hurdle Race, of 40 sore. ; Tradesman's Plate, of 100 sovs. ; Selling Flat Race, of 20 sots. ; Handi cap Trot, of 20 sovs. ; Selling Pony Race, of 20 sort. ; and Flying Stakes, of 20 sovs. Tbe annual Steeplechase Meeting has boon fixed for tbo 20lh and 22nd of April. »y uiuaxbtqwn entnos were received on Monday, the riab'e holiday gathering being the well-chosen date of 9th November, the Prince of Wales Birthday. They will be found in our customary list elsewhere, and a glaooe through them will show that tbe ele ments of good raoing are contained therein, ehonld the handieapper be happy iQ his estimates. Weights are to be declared on the 6th prox. Tbb Geelong Club have fixed their annual Sammer Meeting for Thursday and Friday, 1st and 2nd February, having deoided to do away with a Saturday. The change has been made in order to meet tbe views expressed by many of the townsfolk against the last day in tbe week being chosen, as hitherto, this always being the principal afternoon for transacting business with customers from tbe surrounding districts. As I lure personally been a etrong advooate for this alteration— as evinoed in the columns of the Spobtsbax on several occasions— it is to be hoped that the prinoipal tradespeople of the town will show their appreciation of tbe interest taken in their behalf by at once increasing the Members List of the G.R.C., and afterwards 44 rolling up" on the raoe days, instead of being "conspicuous by their absence." Owners of horses coming from a distance will also benefit by the change of day, as their animals will not have to be rushed away to tbe train on tbe night of running, or else the expense inonrred of keeping them away from home over Sunday. The Clnb are to be oom- plimeotcd on baring given way in tbe matter, as it is still a moot point with its fiscal friends whether the Melbourne half-holiday has not greatly contributed to fill the special trains from Spenoer-etreet. For my own part, I believe there will always be as good an attendance from the metropolis one day as another, provided the pr>gramme ba attrac tive and tbe weather favourable. At a sub sequent general meeting tho question of annual subscription was taken into con sideration, and the number of promises for new membership being extremely limited, the motion to change the amount from £5 a year to £3 failed to meet support. Coscpariko-bay over the V.R.O. Spring Meetiog has been fixed for to-morrow and Friday by the oommittee of the Victorian Betting Rooms. Those, therefore, who desire to keep their books straight, and avoid all risk of disputes, should avail themselves of the opportunity. Tas VTarrnambool Club, as already men tioned, will hold a summer meeting on Box- iog Day, and a pleasant proof of their funds beJagnow in a prosperous etateie afforded by the Handicap Flat Race being 100 sove. Tbey bave also decided that their Winter Steeplechase fixture shall be on 20tb and 22nd ApriL This seems over- close to the usual Hawkesbury and Randwiok fixtures; but there will be ample time to make a slight alteration, if necessary, when the New South Wales dates are announced. The Hon. James White is on board tbe Orient steamer Austral, whioh is expected to arrive at Melbourne to-day, or at any rate before Saturday ; and it is fortunate that he elected thia line, instead of the P. and O., as otherwise he would have been detained at Oolombo for a fortnight, through the mishap to the mail boat. George Fordhem is stated to be a fellow-pasBenger, and Sydney rumour deolares that his services have been seonred for Segenhoe in the V.R.C. Derby. It Flemington Flat were old George to don silk ; bat I fancy tbat tbe way raoes are run from end to end in Australia— instead of the watching and waiting tactics punned at home — would render tbe world-famed Eoglish jockey rather oat of his reokoning should be depend on the stereotyped 44 Ford- ham rash." Mb. Wh, Long, of Grand Flaneur oelebrity, for onoe in the way has met with ill luck, for he is a passenger on board the mail boat Peshatcur, which has had to put baok to Colombo in consequence of a col lision. Considering that he left England on purpose to be present at tbe Melbourne Cup Meeting, and ought to bavo arrived in ample t-ima according to the date of leaving, it may well be imagined how tbe wealthy New South Waleser is "faming and fretting " at tbe disappointment. Fbosgenadsbs on the laws at Gsulfield most have noticed, with much satisfaction, the addition to their oomfort provided by Mr. Bond in tbe way of several seats of the ruetiu garden pattern. These neat and useful rest- ing-plaoes are from the extensive faotory of Messrs. Al«ywk and Co., whose fame for superior articles iu wood- work —from billiard tables downwards— is now spread throughout thia Southern Hemisphere. Mr. Byron Moore, ever on. the qui viae to seize any im provement for the accommodation - of the thousands noon thousands of visitors (es- pecially the fair sex) to the beautiful Flem ington award, hae given orders for an exten sive supply of the same desirable seats, and tbey will be gladly weloomed at the ooming meeting. Canary seems to have been an unfortunate Surohase for Mr. Morris Jaooba, for this un- oubtedly speedy son of Epigram suddenly fell off in condition just before the Caulfield Gup lest year, when heavily baoked with a oapitol proapeot of auooess, and had to be thrown out of training altogether soon after wards. This season he gave good promise of reoouping hie disappointed owner, when getting into fall work at his new quarters , p»» " the fisbiwg village but his ill star must have attended him, for the pen wee ran through his abont a fortnight previous to the late event, end last week he had to be deolared an absentee from the Mel bourne Cap, nor is he amongst the general entries for the V.R.O. programme. Mr. Jaoofan has my sympathy. An epigrammatic writer— I think it was Ohariee Lamb— onoe observed of his objection to rowing that ' it reminded Ma too mooh of the way many folks had to get an uncon- genial living — i.e., looking one way, bat pulling another;" bat it eeems that this technical fault in self-progression on the water is about to be overcome. A contributor to a recently-arrived Eoglish paper, of the chit-ohat order, observes that he " saw a novelty in the way of boats on the Thames the other day. ' By meane of an ingenious joint in the oars the rowers eat with their faces to tbe head, and while pulling in the ordinary fashion tbe boat moved forward. Donbtless there ia some loss of power in this arrangement, but tbe rowers hare the ad vantage of being able to eee where they are going." Just so ; and a great advantage, too. Tbb Trotting Meetiog of tbe V.T.C. takes place next Wednesday, on the excellent Elelerawick track, the occasion of the fixture being, as already pretty well known, the match between Wanderer and Brown Hawk, which the club has supplemented by two purses. Though these. have not filled, as might have been expeoted.from the liberality of the prizes, etill toe quality of the steppers engaged gives promise of exciting oontests ; and in trotting, far more than in gallopping events, there is no need for large fields at the post to ensure esx ample modioum of interest. Last Friday morning Tbe Drummer, who was getting very fit for tbe Cup, and would Lave been cherry ripe by tbe day, was noticed to go a little lame after bis gallop. Monaghan, bis trainer, immediately examined him, and found a wire nail embedded in tbe foot, along side tbe frog, closo to tbe heel. With trouble he managed to extract the nail with a claw hammer and took the horse immediately to his quarters at the Newmarket Hotel. The foot was at once fomented and treated to bran prorompnt, his trainer sent to town for pro fessional advice. The veterinary surgeon advised the same treatment that Monagb&n; had pursued. Inflammation eventually set in the foot and leg, but that was quickly reduced, and then the wound commenced festering. On Monday afternoon Tbe Drummer was able to do aome walking exercise, but this does sot seem to hare improved it, as yesterday morning he was again in a worse state, being unable to put bis foot to tbe ground and evidently suffering great pain. Nil dctperardum is evidently his trainer's motto for he even yet hopes to give those who backed the borne for the Cup a ran for bis money. The Drummer's ohanoes were considered by the stable to be first-class, aud there ia no doubt that the grandson of the great Rata plan would hare beeo oil about at the end of the two znilee, and therefore it is all the harder luok for both bis owner, Mr. Went- worth, as well as his traioer, that tbe horse is necessarily thrown out of hie work just, too, on the eve of tho important race, when be requires the finishing touch which his trainer so well knows how to put on. How ever, stranger things have happened before now than a cripple winning the Melbourne Cup. Other horses besides Guesswork have been astonishing the touts during last week, South Australia etill being to the fore. When Prometheus, the eon of Tubal Cain and that gallant mare old Lurline, won the Viotoria Cup, a mile and a quarter, in 2 min. 13sec, carrying Tst. 4lbs, it was gener ally considered that Mr. Rouusevell owned a clinker in his two-year-old, especially ae the speedy Vespasian filly, Tyropean, received from him a year and oould only get second with the same weights up. Sinoe this performance Prometheus has continued to retain hie good name, for when he was wanted at Caulfield he was about and won with great ease, although a few well-known turfites thought he was tiring at the end of his Bix furlongs' journey. However, this might have been, on Thursday, in company with 8ir Garnet, who, by tbe bye, was ooly near bim ou sufferance, Prometheus did a mile and a half on the sand traok io really good time, pulling up in splendid form, without the slightest symptom of being at all tired. He got over the round in 2min. 36aeo. Tbb late Caulfield Meeting, now that the aocounts are made up, shows a balanoe to tbe good of more than £1500, and all through tbe dashing foresight of the new secretary to the V.A.T.G. Sorely this gratifying and hardly to be hoped for eucoesa merits more from the olub than praise for the past and promises for the future. Why not make a present acknowledgment in the e&me; liberal style as showed Mr. Haydon by tbe oom mittee of the Viotoria Rooms ? By-the-bye, a dinner was tendered to Mr. N. R. D. Bond, on Saturday night, by eome of hie press friends, and the warm encomiums passed upon their esteemed guest during "the wine and the walnuts" must bave been very gratifying to their late fellow scribe. Oub fortnightly New Zealand budget, although containing much interesting turf gossip anent recent turf doings in Maoriland, ULtoo long to publish this week owing to the great stress on our space so immediately previous to our own important events. Our punctual correspondent's moreimportant items have, howerer, been carefully culled. Tub Tabletop Stud— where the imported Glorious is lord of tbe harem — has just had an addition of the following thoroughbred English mares, purchased by Mr. James Mitchell from Messrs. Wilson and Dougherty, who; imported them direct, viz. : — Tilly, by Lacydea, dam Florry, by Wingrave or Primate — Gibeido Lady, by Rataplan — Lady Hawthorne — Alice Hawthorne (Tbormanby'e dam) black mare, by Blinkboolie, dam Patchwork (sister to Pell Mcll and Flurry), by Young Melbourne— Makeshift, by Volti- geur ; and Evangeline, sire Blair Athol, dam Eveline — Kingston, by Sir Tatton Sykes. These are all good strains of blood, and should " nick " well. These is a move being made at Ballarat to get up a bye-day's racing on tbe centrally situated Miner's Course during tbe Christmas holidays. A decently framed programme ought to produce payable results at such a time. Thb Tasmanian -owned, bnt Panic-sired Hobart took it into his head a few mornings since to lay down for a roll in the dirt after a gallop on the Flemington training-ground, and bis boy rider left both saddle and reins rather than run the risk of being 41 flattened out." Consequently, the young horse took a gallop on his own account after getting up, but was secured without baring injured him- self or occasioned any harm. By the Californian Mail news has oome that the long "wordy war" between the ehampion ecuilist, Hawoa, and his persistent challenger, Wallace Ross, has so far oome to an end that a match has been entered into for £500 a-side, and the championship of the world. Even the Canadian e best friends acknowledge that he has not treated Ross right in evading him eo repeatedly, though very few imagine it would nave been for fear of his would-be rival, the real reason being that he oould coin mors dollars by the other winning engagements he fulfilled in England on the Tyne and tbe Thames. The row is proposed to take place somewhere about now, or early in November. Afubthkb aquatio item Iran America is to the effeot that Hanlan'e earliest opponent of big repute, Courtney, has beaten Ten Eyok and Dempsey In a three miles pull, for 1000 dollars, on the St. Lawrence River. Courtney was onoe a popular idol in the States, nut having been " more than sus pected" of a cross, the sporting pre oppressed (excuse the day of wordsjhim for aome time. Ten Ftyok was one of competitors for the first Sportsman's Cup, given by our able and enterprising London namesake, and is a good rower. Tbb suae mail also tells us that the British team bare beaten tbe American in the great contest at Oreedmoor, held under the auspioes of the International Rifle Association, the respective scores bring 1975 against 1805, ana the balanoe therefore, 170 points, io favour of the home representatives. This result is something to be proud of, and well deserves veoord in a sporting jonrsal, tot our American cousins are 44 great on the shoot." Tss Parramatta Turf Olub— who bad monopolised Anniversary Day for their meetiog, but whose raring on that date last year oaused anything but satisfaction— hare wisely decided not to clash with tbe Sydney Turf Olub'e determination to give a first-class programme in future on this popular New South Wales holiday. a The promoters of the Bonanza Consulta tion desire It to be known that the number urawu id favour oi zinoiuoDem enouia nave been 41,682 instead of 41,082. Tbb secretary of the Murrnmbidgee Turf Club requests me to remind owners of blood entires tbat the Sires' Produce Stakes, advertised ia our columns, deserves their notice and support. There are a dozen horses 44 of high degree " nominated already, and an extra fillip is given to tbe eotry through the fact tbat £25 out of the stake goes to the owner of tbe winning sire. The clab gives 100 sore, to the raoe, eo tbe gross amount will be well worth gaining. The Wagga Maiden Plate also requires attention at any time from now till the 16bh Novem ber. Oub Adelaide special writes that a fair number of entries have been made for tbe S. A. J.C. meetiog on 9th November; he also mentions that there will be a large exodus of South Australian sportsmen by the steamer which leaves to-day for Melbourne. He seems rather "cook- a- whoop" that some of tbe horses from tbo sister colony will make their mark at Flemington, but says tbat Assyrian's easy defeat at Caulfield was a sad blow to many enthusiastic backers of the erstwhile Rothsobild. His comments, however, are to the effeot that the s:able lost no money, having got on euoh good odds that they made money out of hedging. The fate of the Totallsator Bill he declares to be on a very wavering balanoe. The Hon. Mr. Rouueevell, and Mr. Crazier, jon., arrived from Adelaide on Saturday evening, after a rough keockiog about at sea, aod both of these popular horoeowners express themselves highly pleased with tbe appearance of their several animals training at Fiemiugton under tbe superintendence of Mr. Savili. A cbosb-countby event under the sporting designation of the old English Steeplechase oame off on Saturday afternoon in the rioinity of Ballarat, tbedistanoe being abontfour miles oyer six-and-tweaty fences, and amateur riders in the pigskin. That favourite little lady, Miss Jennie Lee (Mrs. J. P. Burnett) originated the sport, and gave the trophy whioh oaused the plucky contest. The coveted prize was won by Mr. Roderick M'Rae, on Mr. A. S. Cbirnside's over-grown grey gelding, nicknamed Baby, and consisted of a valuable gold cigar oase of a handsome design, and has beautifully engraved on tbe lid a representation of a steeplechaser at full speed, with a rather stiff-looking fence in front. It will be suitably inscribed with the names of the donor and of the winner respec tively. Respecting the remarks passed on tbe ronuing of The Ghost in the Windsor Handi cap, and the calling up before the stewards of the boy who rode him, I observed last week tbat tbe obvious punishment the horse received was quite sufficient answer to any inuendo. However, so hurt was Mr. Harry Haines at beiog subjected to any breath of suspicion that he instantaneously accepted the offer of 44 aoentury " from that inevitable purchaser, Mr. Edward Weekes, for the uncertain roan, and, to my fancy, got well rid of an original bad bargain. Two intended candidates for the ooming Flemington events have had to " call a go," the one being Mr. Mitobell's once highly- promising but bad-footed Mullyan, and the other tbe Adelaide filly Bis Bis. This latter went eo enddenly lame after a gallop since Caulfield that her owner determined to throw her out of training, not being able to dis cover whether she had received any inj ury or was suffering from rheumatism. Accord ingly, ehe returns to South Australia. Mb80U. W. 0. Yuzllb and Co. will have an auetioa of thoroughbreds— all ages and sexes— at tbe yards of the Pastoral Hotel, Flemington, on tbe afternoon of Monday, 6th prox., being the week after Melbourne Cup, and intending sellers had better hand in partioolare at once. Messes. M4Ouixoch, Sbabt and Co. also intend having a sale of blood-etock at their commodious TaterealTe Horse Bazaar— tbe chosen date bring Taeeday. 7th prox— and they mvite early communication from owners. The Go album (N.S.W.) Club has made a fresh start, and, it is sincerely to be hoped, will now 44 go on and prosper" under its new management. The ohosen dates for its in augural meeting are Gth and 7th December ; and the prinoipal items are the Goulbum Cup, of 200 eovs, with a trophy added thereto by Mr. Walter Doaglas, and the Turf Clnb Handiosp, of 100 sovs. Entries for these must be made on Tuesday, 7 th November. The following capital yarn is well worth telling, for it shows tbat genuine wit can occasionally be imported into euoh matter-of- fact affaire aa racing generally proves iteelf. A certain layer of odds, who is not a profes sional bookmaker, bat whose commercial a vocations are varied with musical relief— he being a vocalist of oratorio predilections— paraded the Collins- street block, the other day, in a brand-new suit of Milton's best. Quoth acquaintance, who chanoed to meet him, 44 Hallo, my Handel friend, yon look as if you bad done pretty well over tbe Caulfield Cup !" 44 Yes," drily responded the other, 44 with Verdure dad, you eee." Not bad, was it P Nabina, a much fancied filly for the Maribyrnong Plate, bad a narrow sqneak yesterday morning from meeting a mishap which might have put ber Aorx(e) de combat. Whilst taking an extended breather on tbe tnrf of tbe inner oouree, one of her forefeet came within a hair's breadth of the jagged point of a glass bottle bottom, which— had she trodden upon or even touched— would have settled her chance in an instant. ffoBABT, the Tasmanian candidate for Derby aod Cup, has had a mishap in his a table which most destroy all chance of earning oats at the approaching meeting. It seems that the loft-ladder was left in his box, and tbe curious colt must take it into his bead to have a climb, or otherwise amuse himself, for be was found hanging with his forelegs through the rungs, and suffered a severe strain. Ma. Lb Usms's dangerous string of homes will remove from WiUiamstown this morning, and take up the quarters specially engaged for them at Mm. HitoheU e con veniently situated Raoeooorw Hotel. Cssbb-de-Bouzt, by Irish King out of Cantata, and onoe a euppoeed Caulfield flyer, waa sold by anotion, on Monday, _ toe the absurdly low figure of 50 guineas. IA oooo deal of capital (and £20 profit to boot) has been made ont of the communica tion sent to Messrs. Joe Thompson and William Branch, by an individual named Morgan, and by means of which he got them each to lay him £10 to 0 against the eventual Caulfield Cap winner— Little Jack, alleging the spirits had filled up a sort of telegram to that effect. Our ever-chatty and eensation-seeking evening contemporary, j tbe Herald, has been fall of the seemingly I strange affair, and the gullible public have swallowed the absurdly-written letters of the said Morgan, as if they were epistles from an inspired apostle. He now wants to deal on what Mr. Tom Bent, of railway notoriety, orils Commercial Prinolplee. His luoky ehot haviog oome off — his demands for monetary reward were quickly raised from a paltry "ten ner" to a poet-dated cheque for £500, to be subsidised by another for £250 if things oame off right, through the winner of the ooming Melbourne Cup being foretold through his ghostly pals. To my thinking, this attempt at huckstering shows the first recou iu nave oeen a mere coincidence, use poor Walter Craig's dream ; and those whose experience of the turf is at all intimate will know tbat thousands of oases can be quoted of rain having followed superstitious backing. Depend upon it, if any spirit had to do with tbe said haphazard affair, it was WalheVs whisky. Against tbe shallow pretence or excose of being guided by spiritual itifluenae 44 I'm Jack" For I don't believe in any shady turf transactions. Them's my sentiments. After tbe evident difficulties which Dare- bin had to contend against at Caulfield, under his heavy impost in a large field, Mr. F. F. Dakin wisely wired to the horse's owner at nooart tuat it wouia oe oest to scratch him at once for tbe Melbourne Cup ; but as a good deal of money had been invested on tbe horse by some of his Tasmanian admirers, as well as by several Yictomn frieods of the stable, Mr. Guesdon declined to make up his mind in a hurry. On Thursday morning at tbe Flemington ground ail tbe watches were ready when the Cup favourite, Cunnatnulla, came out of bis box, and trotted up to the mile and a half post in company with Flying Jib and Brian Boru. On getting off the Sydney Cup winner was all behind, and there be remained without appearing to improve his position. Flying Jib was the first to get homo some four lengths in advance of Brian Boru, with Cunnamulla the same distance behind the Irishman. A little bird has whispered to me, however, that from liis elevated position on one of the rafters of tbe box be saw, wben tbe addle was taken off Cunnamulla, lumps of lead as well. The latter part of last week was indeed a busy one on the Flemington training ground, for watch-breaking was tbe order of the day. Thursday morning saw the most evenlfnl things come off, for those that were out then witnessed work well worth going some miles to see. Althongh he was the last to perform, yet, in point of brilliancy, tbe first to reeeive notice was that veritable flyer, the Sontb Australian eon of the Two Thousand Guineas winner. Guesswork has on several occasions given evidence of his wonderful powers of getting over tbe ground —or rather leaving it behind him— and bis Adelaide Derby time was considered some thing wonderful. AU my readers will remember the sensational gaUop done by Mata; bat even that has been ecUpBed by Guesswork. On the oocasion under notice, the eon of Gang Forward and Peradventnre oantered round to the mile and half post, when he was 44 set going." This is tbe only expression which reaUy describes his action, for it is like tbat of a clock when 44 set going." He was not long in getting to tbe entrance gate, where Rawlings had to shout with might and main to some boys returning home right across tbe track on which Guesswork was galloping. The boys seemed paralysed at tbe imminent danger, and were too scared to move, and it was only by dint of great adroitness on the part of his rider, who had to check Guesswork in bis speed, that a col lision was avoided. The horse lost fully a oouple of seconds, if not more, by this ; but, nevertheless, he got over the round in 2min. 32eeo., and the mile and half In 2min. 44sec., the last mile taking only Imin. 62eeo. The colt came in as etrong as possible, and he could have increased even this time if be bad been wanted to. On Saturday morning be again astonished tbe spectators by doing an eqnaUy good gallop, although tbe time was slightly longer owing to the heavy nature of the sand track. Mr. W. E. Dakin has Sir Thomas Elder's representative as fit as hands oan make him, and if the hone's temper be only of the right sort when oaUed upon to show his heels to his opponents, I feel sure he oan do so. The mother colony of New South Wales is generally to the fore with her two-year-olds, more forward, nearly always, than our Victorian youngsters; and this year is no exception to tbe rule, for in Narina, Middlemarch, Aberfoyle, Warwick, Privateer, and Kingedale, they bave indeed a powerful half-dozen tbat will well uphold the fame of the colour. The onlvone of this lot that has yet faced the starter ie Kingsdale, who has raoed with success, indeed ; for when half fit he won a two-year-old stake with comparative ease. He has been brought over by J. Allsopp, who deserves credit for the condition he has put on the son of Maribyrnong and Rosedale. Halifax is another colt, in charge of Raynor, that has been the first to catch tho judge's eye. He is a brother to Mr. Rico's Ard Righ, but is of a different type altogether. Privateer is tbe biggest two-year- old I hare yet seen, but notwithstanding bis immense size be has shown on the training ground that he knows how to gallop. These three on Saturday afternoon had a clinking good gallop on the Flemington training ground, which wab at the time very heavy going, owing to the rain tbat had fallen tbo previous day and night. Kingsdale had Wyeman in the pigskin, whilst Cain steered Privateer, and Raynor had the mount on Halifax. The weights were differently apportioned, Kingsdale having the heaviest lump, and Halifax the lightest. The latter colt was not long in tbe hunt, and after some good spieling, tbe colt of Titanic dimensions just got his bead home in advance of Kings- dale. The time occupied for tbe five furlongs was only Imin 6sec., and this must be con sidered exceptionally good. That well-known eaterer, during several raoe seasons, in the Flemington Paddock, Mr. Simmons — who always strictly fulfills the Scrintur) iniunctian to " never send the hungry and thirsty away"— has just fitted up his new hotel in Bourke-street in the moet thoroughly English Tavern style of any house in Melbourne. His bar is so tasteful and sumptuous that it might tempt the most bigoted of Reobabites to break the pledge j whilst as for Good Templars, tbeir only excuse would be to 44 treat resolution." Seriously speaking, Mr. Simmons' elegant hostelry deserves a visit, if only out of curiosity. Boolxa has also been brought from his owner's private training ground and will take his final breather on the Saltwater Flat. 