sam's sweetheart; BY HELEN B. MATHERS, Author of "ODMra1 Thro' the Bra," "Cherry Hipe," etc. ' 1 CHAPTER XI. 1 And when will ye come hame again, . . Dear Willie, to tell me? Then the sun and the mane dance on that green. And that never mil be.' Two days -later the express-man brought news of Dare-devil Jack , having been seen at Melbourne in the. act of embarkation for England. Triangular Bob breathed freely, and was even able to turn his attention to a little clear Rtarehine : but Lone Jim never relaxed his vigilance for a moment, muttering that ships might sail, but boats sometimes put back, -and it would be an early bird that got up in the morning before Dare-devil J ack.' Baton the third evening, as the two men sac together — Bob doing some bit of mending, while Jim smoked his pipe, the child being asleep in her corner, having said her usual prayer : 4 Please God, bless Sam's Sweetheart and all Sam's Sweetheart's friends, and Long Jim and the Piper,' to which the latter, hopping round, responded, Amen 1' — it hap pened that before they had finished their first glass of grog Bob fell soundly asleep with his darning needle in his hand, while Jim had not even time to remove the pipe from his mout?i before he too fell forward with his head ipon the table. Within ear-shot of the camp, and relying on themselves, the two men (the hour being so i early) had neglected to bar the shanty for the night, so that when some hours later Long Jim, with a violent start, awoke, it was to find the door set open and the child and the Pied Piper gone. Jim stood for a moment stupidly staring, then roughly shook and with difficulty awakened Bob, who, struggling up and brandishing his darning rteedle, glared wildly around, but was incapable of perceiving his loss. . 4 Drugged, by Heaven !' muttered Long Jjim in an undertone, and dragged his companion along with him to the oamp, on the threshold I of which he stopped as if bewitched, for, fondly hugged up in Yankee Bill's arms, was I a little bundle of drapery that could not be f anything (there being but one child in the world to Long Jim) but Sam's Sweetheart. The rapn looked up from their cards in wonder at the two scared men figures before them; but it was the Piny who took upon himself the task of explanation. 4 1 looked up,' he said, 4 from the darndest hand of cards that ever was foisted on an innocent, and, thinking the little un out of the way, I let put A big double D, and the next moment Tieard what seemed my own voice in the doorway, and lookin' up, what should I see but the Pied Piper, strutting in like as if he waB a master of ceremonies ; I and just behind him, holding np her little white I gownd, and her face all rosy, and the sleep I still in her eyes, Sam's Sweetheart, dancing I aloag like music over the fiopr, just- as if I somebody waB a leading of her, _ and shea I listening to him as if she loved him.' I 4 And it was Sam,' struck in Long Jm, I excitedly. 4 He knew her to he in danger, I » The proprietors of " The Wpekly Times" have he right of publishing tew novel in though _ them as was watching her didn't ; and he just took her by the hand in her sleep, and led her in here, where he knew she'd be safe; and then he went up top again. But he'll come back, as sure as fate, when he's wanted. 'What's the danger?' said the Downey One, looking up. 4 You and Long Jim fell asleep over your grog; and the Piper wanted a change, and tempted the little un out, and that's about the whole biling of it,' he added, returning to the contemplation of his cards. J 4 It's easy work falling asleep when you're dead beat,' stud Long Jim, calming suddenly, as he caught the eyes of a comparatively new comer to the camp, a man unfavourably I known to the .rest for his ostentatious j religious tendencies. 4 So it's you, is it?' he 1 muttered as he stooped to lift the child out I of Bill's arms, and remarking to the company 1 in general that "if they heard any shots that night perhaps they'd 4 drop round,' walked off, followed by Bob and the unwilling Piper. I But when they regained the shanty, Long 1 Jim locked and barred the crazy door, and, j drawing a thick curtain across the broken | window, sat down to examine his own and j Bob's revolvers. He found what he had j expected — that they had been tampered with j and their charges drawn. 4 Darn that old Sanctity !' said Long Jim, piously, as he repaired the damage done, and 1 caused Bob to somewhat recover his wits by plunging his head into cold water, after which, extinguishing the light, the two men sat down — one at the door, the other at the window — to watch till morning. In that darkest hour of the night that is just on the edge of day, and before the faintest sound from without could convey its warning, an arm thrust aside the cartainfrom the window, and a shot, aimed too high to hit either of the men, was fired. j They <\- stirred neither hand nor foot— j perhaps the sickening thought that the next shot might strike the head on the pillow | for the moment paralysed them — then Long Jim, whispering hoarsely, 4 She'd miss you most, and I never could manage clear gtarching,' thrust one of his -revolvers into Bob's hand and groped his way to the bed, where he iay down so as to shield her body with his own. In the same moment the light of a lantern held by someone without was flashed upon him as he lay; a report rang out, and simultaneously was heard the rush _ of approaching steps from the camp, mingling with the screams of the Pied Piper, who was shouting 4 Eire away 1 Fire away 1' like mad. In the darkness and confusion the assailants escaped ; and though the Piny afterwards swore that one of them was Dare-devil Jaok, it was argued that he could not he sure of it ; Due lor me moment less was luuugut ujl i pursuit than of desperate anxiety to know what had happened beyond that locked door, j and from which, now that the bird was out I of breath, not a sound issued. But when j they had forced it and a light was struck, 1 they found .nothing worse than a half- j stupefied man sitting by the window with a 1 revolver in each hand, and on the bed a man 1 with a bullet in his heart and a smile on his I face, holding in his arms a sleeping ohild. J Chapter XH. j The day and hour of the departure of j Sam's Sweetheart from the camp had I arrived. Since daybreak the scene had been I one of restless activity and movement, but j now all was ready, the gold-dust strongly j secured against attack and deposited in the I iron-bound waggon that was to form the I centre of the escort, and only the insignifi cant absence of a two-year-old child was delaying the start. The camp had been for the past half-hour hanging round the door of a certain shanty, and from it presently issued Bob carrying a j beautiful little creature, who laughed and j held out her skirt to show the men its smart- j ness ; then, struck by the unusual exeite- ment beyond, ran towards the waggon and its brightly-accoutred esoort. Not a man stirred of those she had left behind; nofc one of them, for his life's sake, could have lifted his voice to call her back. Helpless and wretched, they watched the little white figure recede, but could hardly believe their good fortune when suddenly it turned and came running back to them like the wind, looking over her shoulder as though in fear of those strange faces that she had approached. No one quite knew who caught her up - first, or j whose was the last good-bye pressed upon | her ; bnt the freshness of her pretty frock was gone long before Bob carried her away, I though if her little face and hands bore 1 marks of those honest, tender kisses, I think 1 she was none the worse for them. Perhaps some vagne perception of the trouble of their hearts touched her ; for never had that little arm clung so fondly, or the tender lips given back kiss for kiss so earnestly, as in this ignorant moment of parting, and when at last Bob, pale as death, resolutely took her in his arms and walked away, the low sob, strangled in its birth, that iBsned as from one breast, might have half broken the child's heart could she have understood it. But she only laughed and kissed her little hand to them over Bob's shoulder, perhaps wondering why they did not follow. Being presently swallowed op in the bustle of the departure, that distant knot of men, not ) stirring from where it stood, strained its eyes in vain for another glimpse of her. I But on the very verge of the bush, a hoarse j voice shouted to the cortege to stop, made the I men turn in their saddles, to see a man with out his hat, and carrying something in his hand, hurrying towards them. 4 It's her doll,' he said, hoarsely, and handed up to the child a battered torso that she Beized with a cry of joy, and without a glance 1 or a thought to the man who had restored it to her. _ 4 Bight !' said Yankee Bill, falling back 4 Bight !' echoed a voice ahead. The horses strained at their load ; the child laughed and clapped her hands ; the Pied Piper, safe in his cage at her feet, rapped out an angry oath ; and in a few seconds, and to the group of men who watched from below, the bush had for ever closed upon her whom they had called Sam's sweetheart. BOOK H. Chapter I. — Yuntha. 4 Be bolde, be bolde, and everywhere be bolde.' 4 FaerieQueen. 4 Lost!1 exclaimed a hunter, who, in I headlong pursuit of his prey, barely checked I his horse on the edge of a chasm, down | i which the kangaroo leaped, and was dashed I to pieces. j Never had an exciting chase ended more I | unexpectedly, or in keener disappointment. All the finest qualities that can be born in, or acquired by, the sportsman had been in this instance displayed — unerring skill in tracking, a Spartan-like endurance of hunger and thirst, unwearied bodily exertion, and an indomitable courage that gave no more thought to the chances of failure than j to the decided probability that he I himself might be follpwed by hostile blackB, I and cheerfully despatched and cooked as j | 'game' of a superior kind. But to have lost I his party and guides in singling out this | special kangaroo on account of his great size | and strength, to have compelled him to take to j the open, matching his fieetness with the horse j that bore him in pursuit, to have been forced more than once to wheel and retreat, because the usually timid prey had turned j fiercely and striven with his great claws to 1 tear open the horse's flank, then, in the very 1 moment of success, to see him disappear | into the bowels of the earth, was enough to j strike disgust into the heart of the poorest I Nimrod living. | He dismounted from, his sweating horse, | and, walking to the edge of the precipice, of | which (when his horse and he half hung over I it), he had got one appalling glimpse, looked | over. Till a few seconds ago, he had I imagined himself ascending an elevated ridge of poor forest-land, intermixed with I brush, that continued indefinitely, but now, as' he looked sheer down three thousand feet | of rock, it occurred to him that the kangaroo j had only by a hair s breadth escaped com- j plefce revenge on his pursuer. j His gLmee followed the rills of water that I ran down those eternal walls, and lost | themselves in the thicket of vines and creeping plants that covered the bottom of the valley, then with an effort he lifted his eyes to where in the far distance was visible a dim line of coast hills, separated from him by innumerable ravines, precipices, and river- swept glens that threatened destruction to any who sought to pass them. Behind him stretched the bush — limitless, and to man life-denying — around him glared the : pitiless heat of a tropical noon, and only yonder, beyond those shoals and quicksands of the Australian forest, showed a chance of that life to which he had surely proved himself tolerably indifferent that day. 4 First be sure you are right, then go ahead,' the Americans say, but the sportB- I man had no such certainty as, leading his I horse, he followed the edge of the ravine for I about a couple of miles, now and again | glancing over it to behold the wild magnifi- j cence of such . a scene as the pencil of I Salvator alone could have reproduced ; hut j these picturesque arrangement of Nature did I not particularly delight him, for he was | hungry, and seemed not a step nearer food I or safety than he had been half-an-hour I before. But. gradually the steepness of the I walls below diminished, and golden wattle | and cypresseB having obtained a foothold on the sterile rock ran like laughing children to its I summit, and hid its naked grandeur, while bdlow a sparkling stream spoke to some not I far distant river to which it was harrying to | pay tribute. J He resolved to descend and push on to 1 the waterfall, whose thunder sounded faintly 1 in his ears — thence he might scale his way to | those upper heights parallel with where he 1 stood, and so gain the coast hills that in the j fierce hard glare. seemed so much farther | distant from him than they actually were, j He loosed his horse without concern. She j was only the companion of a day, and in the J bush would find food, and, perhaps, regain | the guides and. his friend. So, without look- j ing back, he sprang down th8 flower-covered j precipice, and in a very few moments stood in the valley below. Looking up lie saw the horse's head peering, after him ; it vanished, and a curious feeling of how far he was from human companionship 'seized him_ as he j pursued his way, the glen narrowing till ! there was scarcely room for t&e; river a$d bite to walk abreast, and he felt like a man | immured in a coffin, of which the sides were j flowers, sickening him with their harsh brilliancy and perfume. j How was the adventure to end? In a superb waterfall that would prove a cul-de- sac, or in a piece of rock hurled down on him from above by a savage's hand, or to emerge on a hostile encampment to which he would furnish the most delicate dish of the evening's supper, or to starve slowly in Nature's lap, I cursing the gorgeous beauty with which she j had decked herself, even while she refused him a chance of life. To have turned back to the bush was to endure death — to descend I to the unknown was to court it ; but his fears | troubled him little as he pushed forward, the thunder of the waterfall growing louder each moment in his ears, and drowning the gurgling notes of the laughing jackass that flitted before him from bough to bough, too contemptuous of his presence to display fear. I TTa rtAnnvi f/i ALni La AAO wcgau uu IIUUIA buat lit; was cutiaugicu I in the waters of some mighty river, as after j pursuing the ravine for about three miles, I during which it imperceptibly widened, he I found that it diverged into half a dozen 1 windings, all of which poured their streams j into the glen whence he had issued. At hap- | hazard he chose one, and presently emerging I from it, found himself face to face with one 1 of those sublime convulsions of nature that | dwarf human beings in their own eyes to I j their real pigmy stature, and compel man to j look upwards and acknowledge God. I For here the earth appeared riven to its j foundations, and as though to hide this cruel rift in the great mother's side, a glorious river that had been gathering in its shining tribute as it passed through an elevated country here swept itself over the precipice in two liquid sheets of silver that, I falling sheer down three hundred feet, met at | the base of the riven rock in a sea of foam ; | then, scarcely pausing to mingle, rushed | through the cleft rocks for a few hundred | yards till, reappearing, they descended by a j succession of smaller falls to the glens, where | the perpendicular cliffs frowned over and hid ! | them from sight. I The sportsman's feeling was one of stupe- faction as he gazed, for this gigantic cascade I closed his last chance of escaping to the coas , I then, looking upwards (for he stood at the | point where the river divided to enter the j glens), it suddenly struck him that those | rocks which seemed almost to meet above his | head could be no more than a kangaroo's | leap apart, and on the opposite side to where | he stood lay the valley he had seen from afar | off and beyond which rose the low green line I of coast hills that meant safety, j 4 I'll try it,' lie said, aloud, his voice sound- | ing like a whisper in the roar of the waters ; tnen seeing mat tne naked rocs betore mm i was inaccessible to the foot of animal or j man, he turned to examine the one at his I back, and to his joy found that it was broken j here. and them by scrub and broom grass, | and by which a man might by good luck j swing himself to its summit, or, if that luck | were evil, slip backwards over a thousand | feet, and receive soft sepulture in the rush- I | ing foam. I I But the Englishman was not to perish so. Foot by foot he fought his way upwards, | escaping a hundred deaths by sheer coolness I of nerve and quickness of eye, and by - one final effort reaching the level ground above, I fell prone un it, too exhausted even to rejoice in victory. I He lay- so long that a raven, fresh from | sharing the mournful silence of a shepherd's j hut, alighted close, and uttered in his ear one of those dismal, melancholy cries that are | almost human in their misery. A coach- 1 whip took a bath flying through the river j just above its fall, and rapped out the full, I | strong note that ends sharply, as with the j | loud crack of an invisible whip. The j j familiar sound revived, and the raven enraged, I the sportsman. He sate up and saw before I him, about four miles away, that coy and | beautiful valley that the waterfall and the J rugged glen alike had conspired to hide awty I from the sight of civilised man. He sprang I up and made a step forward as though to J behold it more nearly, then saw how the J chasm that from below it had seemed possible I to leap, now showed a distance from rock to I rock that, measured by the naked eye, could I not fall far short of twenty feet. j 1 Not mnch for a kangaroo, or an athlete in I good form, but well-nigh impossible to a jaded man whose muscles were unstrung Dy j fatigue, and who had not tasted food since | daybreak. J je sat down to review the situation, but j more to rest his hones than to exercise his I mind in a choice of his evils. That dogged, j ineradicable, cold-blooded pluck that makes | the Englishman what he is, whether fighting j in blue waters or step by step forcing his | way against fixed bayonets in battle, uncon- 1 scious of honour, while from his heart he | does his duty, made this man, as a matter of course, decide on doing his level best, and j regard with very little concern the possibility I of his falling short of it. j j The width of a leap may sometimes be measured by the rate of a man's strength, and a paltry brooklet of six feet cost a more heroic effort than the leaping of three times that distance by an athlete fresh from train- I ing,. and with every sinew and muscle I obedient to his will. But our sportsman had j no thought in his heart for defeat as he stepped back, then collecting in one vigorous moment his supremest energies of heart, soul, and body to o'er-leap his goal, rushed at it like a winged thing, and only when his feet | struck the edge of the abyss, and his hands I clutched the dry grass, knew that he had lit upon not death, but safety. When after a few moments he stood erect, he saw his beautiful valley indeed, but afar 1 off, and between him and it a ridge of lofty, rocky hills, forming deep glens even more difficult of descent than those that had led j him to the waterfall. But, being reckless j now, he scon found himself in the ravine, | and as he pushed forward gradually heard j the roar of the waterfall more and more J faintly, so that it had entirely ceased when | emerging from the narrow mouth of a glen, 2 lo ! he beheld the most picturesque scene J that his travels round the world had yet shown him. 2 Behind him, like tall prison gates of flowers, ciuueu me rouny range Dy wnicn he had gained access to the spot—— away to the east a stupendous chain of mountains lifted their blue heads above the ftorizqn, while be tween him and the low grassy hills that stretched to the west lay a park such as God might have made at the beginning of years, and over which yet brooded that divine fresh ness and peace known in primeval lands alone, as though His breath yet hovered about His handiwork, and there had been found none to disperse it. And if a man once breathe such an.air,' un consciously it may become as the life of his soul to him, and he will feel that he stifles and dies in the narrow daily round of his civilised existence — he will pine for the | boundless space, sunshine, and freedom, for ! the clear, pure atmosphere and unimpeded territorial grandeur, that are the savages' heritage and kingdom, and in which he rejoices and distances his white brother, who in all creation discovers the image of himself, not his Maker. 4 No wonder Trefusis despised his inherit ance,' he exclaimed aloud, and despised it' himself as he went forward, following the | course of a strong and beautiful stream that wound in and out between the trees, forming large pools into which English grasses and waterweeds might themselves have nodded. 2 There was not a sign of human life | visible. He felt as Adam may have done on | his one day alone in Eden as he advanced, | then stopped suddenly, as, mingling with the 2 rushing of the stream, there came to his 2 ear the sound as of a young voiee singing. | In its sweet descents, its clear rise and fall j as it seemed to shoot like a gleam of silver j the running waters, it resembled not a little | the nightingale s notes, . and startled the 2 hearer with a vague sense as of English airs sung dy unxamiuar ups. jbuc wnose was ine voice, or did some English boy or maid sing in captivity beneath the boughs of one of those trees that here and there overhung the very water's edge? So this, was not Eden, and hidden by yonder vast cluster of trees a mile or so distant no doubt a hostile encampment larked, to whom he might possibly famish occasion for. a feast and an evening's re joicings. But this possibility . did not trouble him as he followed the voice, and felt his pulses stir as he stood on the nither side of a gigantic tree, and, wondering what he should find on the other, side — peeped To be sure a hoy might wear doublet and hose of green leaves skewered by wooden pins, and dance to his own reflection in the water, singing clear and sweet,' as one the breath of whose soul is liberty— but had ever a boy limbs like these, or the exquisite nape of such a neck as made the gazer long to turn it, and see the quality of the face on the other side ? The sportsman had often seen a sunbeam dance, bat never till now watched a pure hum&n; frolic of heart, soul, and body that moved to the music of its own voice, and outmatched the sunbeam in its grace as it defied it in colour. But what had an aborigine to i do with grace or decency, least of all with the | snowy linen spread, at the water's edge that she had plainly come hither to wash ? Female aborigines do not wear clothes, as a rule, their entire absence of personal charms rendering any attempt at concealment of their persons a mock modesty to which they scorn to stoop, so that virtue is, in a way, forced upon them, and gradually accepted as daily bread, and clung to by mere force of Ja&Diw; Duii DO grew jjuury j sziu no kqgw that any moment he might be surprised by the men returning from their hunting, so he advanced boldly, and, using the only language he knew that women understand all the world over, took her waist in both hands and kissed her. Perhaps Eve, overtaken, received her fir& caress so— though on this point history is Bilent ; perhaps, too, Adam took his fist on the ear like a man, and, while.oQiQg a little at her civilised habits (b being made a trifle before her), only held 'ner the tighter and kissed her the more . and if Eve had presently relented, and , biiug -forced to it, I looked at her and. gazed and gazed, like any eager, iPnooent nhHd who learns the likeness of something as strange as beautiful, and loves even while it gazes— then beneath his eyes, falters and half fears, I while a thousand virginal alarms, modesties, I and doubts leap to her cheek, and dye or palq xt as they arise— I say, if Eve were thus, she lived again in the girl who, by the water's edge, looked upon the first white man who had ever crossed her path. Adam being a trifle older, and having possibly found time to dream of a different sort of woman, may have taken things less seriously. Yet surely the lifting of Eve's vividly blue eyes from under their dark lashes gave him a delightful kind oE surprise ? And if she were brown and he white, with a respect for his own colour, the shock mast have been greater, though her very qnlikeness to himself might fascinate and fix him. But this is mere guesswork, and throws no light on the situation (a few thousand years later) of a man and maiden regarding each other in the guise of a perfectly new and beautiful discovery. Suddenly she slipped from his hold and retreated backwards before him, a tantalising .shape of /youth, freshness, aijd grace that mocked at, even while it beckoned, his pur suit. Probably a woman is never so entirely mistress of a situation as when she is running away and her speed is superior to that of her pursuer. She is happy, natural, looks her most exquisite, and while outwardly flouting him, owns secretly to a fear lest he may over take and pnnish her. And if she has boxed his ears, studied him as a natural curiosity, and fired his blood all in two minutes, theu she may dread his catching her all the more, instead of bursting out laughing in his face, when he swears aloud in good English that he will catch and kiss her soundly yet. But in the midst of her laughter she stopped abruptly, her face changed, paled, a look of breathless fear flashed into her blue eyes as she pointed over his shoulder at something behind him, then stood still, making, at the same moment, a swift gesture to him not to approach her. ' He glanced baok, saw a hunter stepping, spear in hand, from the gloom of tbe glen into the light of the valley, then sprang forward, and, seizing the girl, wound his strong arms about her, and had kissed her pale lips before she was able to cry out or stir a hair's-breadth. He had sealeff his own fate, and even as she thrust him from her, and for a moment he stood alone, a spear aimed with unerring eye pierced him, and he fell to the earth, Btunned by the violence of the blow. The girl stopped aside, outwardly indif ferent, though her breast heaved passionately beneath her green zone as the foremost warrior of the hunting party approached her, his eyes flashing, his whole attitude bespeaking the wrath he felt at finding the white man's foot >1 r> ah nia nnmciti 4 Via vnlii+n maamIn linn /AwlilfwU UAI MM UV/MiatU) WAV WAlAllO UAlSli O offering insult to a woman of his tribe. He spoke some rapid words of protection to her in the native tongue, but she only shook her head, and, clasping both hands about the arm npon whioh the muscles stood out like cords of burnished copper, whispered something in his ear that brought a frown to his brow, and made him turn on her a keen look of inquiry, beneath which she bluBhed and turned aside. For a moment he watched her averted features, the wild passions of the savage flitting unchecked across his brow— his herculean proportions and magnificent sym metry of limb and feature dwarfing her stature to that of a mere child bb she stood beside him, then turned his eyes on the white man at his feet with a glance of unconquerable loathing, his cheet rising and falling in a eucoeseion of quick beats that betokened the storm rising in his heart. About his waist was wound in many folds a thick cord spun from the fur of the opoBsum, which formed a soft and elastic belt in which were stuck his hatchet and boomerang, while in his hand he carried his throwing-stiok and several spears, each headed differently, to meet the emergencies of the chase or war. In his glance and carriage he showed that mingled pride and dignity equal to the loftiest signs of birth and breeding in the white race, nnd a more beantifnl pair than these two wild forest creatures made when he turned to gaze at his companion never stood side by side upon virgin soil. As their.eyes met, the passionate entreaty in hers was less pitifal than the hopeless look of question that seemed to search her very \- soul and find no answer there ; but as her slender hands closed once more upon his arm and ehe began to speak, one might have guessed her words by the emotions that played rapidly over his features, which the lights and shadows reflected aB in a clear pool. 4 Hatred, love, contempt, pity, succeeded one another, and fast of aU an expression that would have done honour to a hero, cb he stooped, and, lifting up the wounded man as though he had been a child, strode away with him towards the yet invisible encampment. With a gesture of passionate joy, the girl followed him along the water's edge for about half a mile, then, struck by a sudden thought, born of the Englishman's ghastly pallor, whispered in the natives ear, and in tbe native tongue : 'Is it the Neilyeri V He made her no reply till they "had reached the cluster of miams, whose very smoke was hidden by the density of the treeB overhead, but when be came to th6 boundary-line that divides the bachelors' quarters from the rest, and that no maiden may cross without dis honour, he turned and looked at the signs of passionate hope and fear in her eyes. ' Send hither the old wise woman, Monana,' he said, as one who had not heard her ques tion, and disappeared with his burden into the interior of the miam. Chapter HL 1 Ob I Heaven I It is mysterious, it is awful to con sider that we not only carry each a future ghost ; within him, bat are in very deed ghosts I' Cablyln. When the Englishman came to his senses it was to find himself alone in the darkness, \ftile on all sides of him echoed Ian extra ordinary blending of sound that now, wailing, now joyv'UHh might have satisfied the most fastidious vrith its faultless time and tome. In the moment he was conscious of pun jfh the right shoulder, and, struggling to risk, fell , m ore than once before he soooeeded ut geATB I0 way If l"e rude opening to the miam, whence he thrust it only to reeoil in bortpr at the right before himr Whirling towabdff .him in the dear light of the moon cam® m army of skeletons leaping high in the airand writhing like serpents, while- tbey Ailed the w Fit h hissings that drowned the low sweet mono tone of the invisible singers. As he recoiled, so did that advancing host, disappearing into a dark void beyond untouched by moon-rays, and whence terrible groans, and the sounds of blows seemed to attoBt that mere bone might possess all the passions of flesh and blood. Faint with hunger and loss of blood, the Englishman strained his eyes after those ghastly apparitions, half wondering if this were hell and he about to >be summoned to take part in its rites, when suddenly the smouldering flameB of a gigantic fire between him and them leaped up, half disclosing to him shadowy figures seated in a half oirole, and from whom proceeded the weird and haunting melody that had struck upon his ear when awakening. Gradually his bewildered senses recovered themselves, and he knew that he was an onlooker at one of those corrobbrees that with the savage alternate with the pleasures and fatigues of the chase, and into whioh he throws himself with a frenzied enjoyment that for the time transports him from the self-mastery of a responsible human beuig to the uncontrolled licence of a demoniac agent. Simultaneously with the leaping up of the- flames the dancers advanced, coming ta, a ; sadden halt before their leader, with a pre- , cision of movement that would have done honour to the finest English regiment. For; a moment he surveyed them keenly, they struck two pieces of wood together, and never did orchestra respond more magnificently to its conductor than did these untutored savages with their sticks, their faultless precision of movement and the perfection of time kept by both dancers and musicians being absolutely amazing. These painted figures that glided forth from the pitch blackness into sight then once more faded again into obscurity, at first displayed only graceful movements of the limbs that gradually inoreased in vigour, till each man warmed to the savage attitude of the corrobbree jump, all springing in the air to an immense height, their feet again touching the ground with the legs astride, so that the muscles of the thighs were set quivering in such a way that the white lines with which they were painted writhed and quivered horribly like bundles of snakes, while the ground trembled beneath the force with which the savages' feet struck it. But the Englishman could no longer stand to gaze at those simulated images of death — he felt himself sinking to the ground when two soft arms caught and gnided him back to his rude couch, upon which he half fell tfcuu. iusfc uuasciuusxietiB. Yet when he straggled back to life, he could have sworn that a voice had uttered in hiB ear, ' You will not die ; the arrow was not tipped with the Neilyeri;' but as he dragged himself once more to the doorway, he knew himself to be alone, and saw giddily beyond how the crowd of skeletons had divided itself into two parties, and, with a chorus of deafening yells and savage cries, had rushed together in close fight, while the women still beat time on the opossum rugs that they had stripped from their shoulders to use as drums. Whose voice had uttered that promise of life ? — and those soft arms were a woman's— but the girl he had surprised under the tree that afternoon had not known English, even if she had acquired some English ways. All the same, the unknown had brought him good tidings, and regaining his couch, he fell at last into an uneasy slnmber that was not broken by the noiseless entry of tbe man of whom the girl had begged the stranger's life that afternoon. The native carried a piece of burning torch that he carefully shaded with his hand as he approached and looked upon the sleeper's pale and weary face. It was a faoe of the best type of English muscular manhood — a shade undisciplined, perhaps, as though the higher faculties had not yet been brought fully into play, but with noble capacities that the savage's keen eye was not slow to perceive. The nsu&lly; sunny hair, now dark with the sweat of pain, excited his admiration ; the strip of whiteness showing above the bronzed forehead seemed to puzzle him, till he saw that the half-uncovered throat matched it in hue, though the hand that hung listlessly down was almost as brown, though no whit more supple and delicate, than his own. The Englishman's superb length of limb and depth of chest were fully shown by his attitude and keenly noted by the gazer, who yet seemed a more striking and powerful figure as he stood motionless and vividly illuminated by the light he held, so that he resembled a burnished statue of copper into whose eyes the sculptor had contrived to flash and fix those burning passions that scorch the soul. There was neither cruelty nor hatred in his gaze, but something of the brooding fear with which a mother may regard that which, thonnh beautiful in itself, in rianomrmia to Q . J — — — vw what she loves. A sigh broke from his heaving breast ; for a moment he hid his eyes on his arm, his whole gesture one of bitter renunciation and despair ; then, extinguishing.the light, was lost in the dark ness, nor could the acutest ear have detected the fall of those retreating feet that had struck the ground but a short ten minutes ago with a Bound as of thunder. (to be continued.) 