CHAPTER LXV. Hector Macinnis had Bat down after making a speech, which he felt was a failure. The opposition, whichhad been growing in strength, had attacked him upon some appointments he had made at Grit. Old M'Calvin, after/a long absence from the House, had scented the battle afar off, and seeing his opportunity had attended that night. Sitting opposite, in his white yest and black clothes, with the ever fragrant bouquet in his'coat, he had listened with a cynical smile to the attempts of Hector's party to explain away the "littletransactions yet ne never moved untiL after Hector had re plied. Then the old man got on his legs, took a glass of water, looked behind him at his supporters, who cheered lustily, and then glanced fiercely on his enemy, who had thrust his hat over his .eyes when he set down, and was- nioodily watching these demonstrations. Then the old man opened out. . Sentence after sentence flowed from him-cutting, cruel, slashing.. - He. analysed the charges and the defence, and vclosed with a few words so telling that when he sal down the House cheered for several minutes. One of the frothy orators, who were the curse'of Hector's party, rose to reply. Just then a messenger came up to | Hector, and cringlngly informed him that a; lady was.waiting to see him. - Her name was Miss White. , ' vHector 'started.- Was this girl after all coming to him of her own accord? Perhaps she was in want, and appealed to him as a last resource." ' V ; '' She was very pressing, Bir," Said the messenger, " and said, if I mentioned the name it would be enough. She looked so poor ; Iwouldri't hav;e noticed-her only for that.'' >;.' , V-Show her into mypriyate room,"'was the reply ; , and rising up Hector went out. He pondered in his own mind about this strange visitation. . . Well, after all, thought Hector, if he could obtain Bertha for whom he felt his old passion rising, he could solace himself in' retirement vfor a while, forgetting his political, troubles. He knew the end of his power was at hand. Motioning the messenger away, he-walked inside. There was a female in theroojn-but she was not Bertha White. Hector gave a glance at her. His face became crimson, his head grew dizzy, he reeled'like a drunken man. He had to lean .against the door for support! ; - :" Ay, you xhay'well stagger," said Prudence-* for«it was she. "You thought so.see Bertha, the girl' you are BO fond of, aqd y<ju see Pru dence, the woman you have wronged and all "but. murdered." . ^"Great God!" cried Hector^-putting-his hand to his brow, "I am surely dreaming. .The excitement is too great for me." ; < 1; " You-were never more in your senses," was' the cold answer, as she gloated oyer the terror land confusion of the man. '-'I am Prudence -no ghost,! can assure you." "But, but," said Hector, faintly, "you were reported dead-your body was found." "Stuff," said the woman, " I escaped: out of'Che asylum and the blundering policeman took another's corpse for mine. I hope to live yet to revenge myself. I have kept out of your road until now, because I had no opportunity How patiently I waited to see if you would marry Bertha that I might have you arrested and tried as a common felon. But that did not take pl&ce;, so I have had to wait-and my time has come at last." Hector sank into a chair, and put his haiids over his eyes-trying to. shut out the horrible figuro -that- had stcppetlbelwedn him ^ancT honor and happiness. At l&st; he spoke. ' " Prudence there were wrongs on both sides: Ask what you like, I will give it to you." But-did he speak this from any wish to make reparation,to this woman for the ill he "had done ? ,Not he! His desire was simply ; to give her the means of freely indulging in the poison which he knew would, soon put an end to her life and rid him o?her for ever.- ? K " Before I say another word I must have a cheque for £1000," said Prudence, gravely seating herself in an elegant chair which seemed polluted by her rags. , '1 Hector rose, and, reaching for a cheque book*5 wrote out the cheque. She glanced at it with rapture. ' ' . " Well, that is right," said she with a cold laugh. " I wonder if these lackeys who pushed me about and seemed to think I wasn't lit for a k;ennel would use me ill if they knew I had this. Wealth commands attention, does it not, Hector ?" ].? , ;' He groaned. ? , ? v "Howthat fellow, who went to you with the message, stared when I said I must see the Honorable Hector. A beggar, said he to him self, no doubt." ' ' "You have got what you want," said Hector, some of his old fire returning; " leave me in peace for a while.' i ^ " That I will," replied Prudence, fixing upon him a look of cold hate; "but not until I do you a service. Everything considered you have behaved handsomely; so I'll tell you some news. Bunakum is dead!" A gleam- of sunshine caihe into Hector's face. Thank God, one of his tormentors was gone-the one,, indeed the only one being he feared. "You're happy to hear that," said Pru dence; " but don't; be too fast., Before'he died he had his son Jade at his;, bedside, and he made a fuH arid opdn confession." Hector started up, jffis.fice become dis torted, his eyes starfced^Rt of their sockets. Seizing Prudence by theUiand he spoke in a hoarse whisper:' ? " Confessed! What? .For God's sake tell 'me." ' ^ Coldly, and with almost diabolical concise ness, the woman repeated Bunakum's confes sion. Word after word fell upon Hector's ears like boiling lead. His fate was sealed.^ The woman could not be- telling lies No being on earth knew what - had transpired except Bunakum. > / \ . "Leave me, Prudence," said the man, in an unearthly voice. "Leave me,:if you value your life." . The fearful tone of his'voice had all the old power in it. The woman started back ap palled, and walked out of .the room, clutching the cheque.. , . She had hardly gone, when a messenger knocked at the door. . < " Come in," said Hector. " Division, sir," said the-messenger. " I will be there presently." , The division took place; but Hector Mac innis did not trouble the tellers. It was in his party's favor; but the majority.was so ?slender that when the result was announced the Opposition cheered heartily. They saw the day for possession of the plunder was not far distant. ' 