Notes on Current Events. (A portion of the following is compiled from Exchanges.) MR. AHERN has filed particulars of his claim against the Central Queensland Times. Damages are laid at £1000. THE Springsure branch railway was carried by 23 votes to 20. THE Townsville police report that a man named Bloomsbury has been missing for four weeks. It is believed that he fell overboard from a steamer whilst drunk, and got carried out to sea. THE intercolonial bicycle contest at Syd ney was finished on Saturday. Bolfe was the winner, he baying travelled 909 miles in six days. THE " Father of the Press " in Queensland is said to be Mr. Boyd, who is working on the News at Maryborough. The old man is 84 years of age, and still a good hand at " case." BENHAMO'S Circus is at Charters Towers. The Simms Troupe are over that way also. Mr. R. BALLARD, the Central Railway engineer, has brought out a book on the " Pyramids of Egypt," in which he holds a different opinion from all other writers on the subject as to what these immense monu ments were intended to convey. Mr. Ballard is of opinion that these grand triumphs of labor were not built for the mere purpose of supplying dead Pharoahs with grand maso leums, but as theodolites, so to speak,to assist the Egyptian astronomers, and the geodetic surveyors of the day, in the prosecution of their researches, and enabling the latter to fix, with unerring accuracy, base lines for their work of laying out and mapping the country. A CLOCK tower is to be erected at Levuka, Fiji, in memory of Commodore Goodenough, who was shot by a poisoned arrow by natives of Santa Cruz Island, in August, 1876. COPY of an advt. in the Townsville Bulle tin, in the issue following the libel case in which J. Deane sought to recover £1000 from Thady O'Kane, and got a farthing:- WANTED, ONE FARTHING to pay John Deane's verdict. A shil ling given for the coin. Apply to-day at the Exchange Hotel to T. O KANE. CANTY, for escaping from Townsville gaol the other day, got one day's extra imprison ment, Judge Paul saying that prisoner only followed his natural instincts of freedom. Canty says he merely walked out of gaol on finding the gate open. A VICTORIAN dairymaid came across a fugitive coach and horses, jumped aboard, took the ribbons, and landed the mails in time. The driver turned up an hour after wards. AT Cooktown, Charles Martin differed with a Chinese as to the price of a melon. Johnny cracked Martin over the head with his stick. The funeral next day was well attended. SHEARERS scarce on the Logan, and hands ayre wanted at Bourke. " The harvest is ready but the laborers are few." THE Bulletin learns on good authority that Mr Charles Edward Chubb, or Mr. Granville George Miller, now Registrar of the Supreme Court, Brisbane, will be appointed Judge for the Central District Court vice poor old Blake. LAND in Cooktown has nearly doubled in price since a line of railway to Maytown has been agreed to by the House. A MAN named Edward Dickey was killed on the Central Railway, five miles from Emerald, by being thrown from his horse on the 80th ult. Drunk at the time. MB. E. T. NEIGHBORS, the well-known Brisbane bootmaker, waa kicked by his horee on the 1st inst., and has his arm broken in several places, besides being severely cut and bruised. JOHN RAMBDES, a publican at the Dry Alice, near Aramac, has been arrested and charged with the wilful murder of his wife. The body of deceased was exhumed, and two ribs were found to be broken; a wound was also fonnd on the temple. A UTTW girl named Mann has been drowned by the capsiiing of a boat Rt Te watitiu. THE N.S.W. estimates have been laid upon the table of the House. The expenditure for 1888 is estimated to amouut to £0|77©,ouU, being £799,000 in excess of last year. The Immigration vote is to be increased by £75,00°. THE elect lie light proving vexy successful for (street lamps in Melbourne. TWELVE triai survey schedules for rail ways have been laid on the table of the House. Jericho to Blackall is not one of Uicm. THAT 'ere Court House is sorely troubling the Bockbamptonites. They " do not intend lo accept tamely the snubbing that Mr. Mncrossan has thought fit 10 administer ; therefore, the Municipal Council are taking uteps to get a new " temple of Justice." FOWL thieves are troubling the Rockhamp ton folks, the hen-rooaU of many persons hnving been viBited by those who love poultry -when they can get it for nothing, which reminds us that Blackall possesses a few of the same low class ot larcencr*, (several householders lately lamenting the loss of poiiltiy. MB. THOBNTOK. late Collector of Customs, elevated-to the legislative Council. NEW Victorian luan spoken of. KEUAIKB of a man found near Capunda, S.A. Supposed to have been dead four years. IN the debate on the South Bea Island Immigration vole, Billy Brookes {who we notice talks more than all the members put together) said that" calling these Islanders Immigrant" was a misnomer, bccsuse most of those brought to Queensland were cajoled, decoyed, stolen, or bought." Kingsford said Broo'kcs' statements were a disgrace, and that "none but a scoundrel" woull make such sweeping condemnations. Miles then heaped on the coals by saying it WBS difficult to deal with or answer a "renegade." Altogether the debate was lively. Mn. MOWHANNELI. has paired off for the remainder of the session* and gone to look after his sheep. Mn. W. TOWNBKND, the oldest member in the S.A. Assembly, dead ; aged 61. A BALE of merino eheep from the flockB of Sir Samuel Wilson realised over £8000, one ram alone brought 800 guineas. AnoniBAi-D Mebton has been reporting on HiRiir growing at the Clarence. Tbe re port occupic* 20 pages, for which tne ya. OovcninKnt paid tbe M6acred Ibis fciw. N.K.W. pnpere sliow the report tobe over drawn in inuny respects. Heavy decreases on the railway "nea^?liL week, excepting the Northern Kail way, which shown an increase of £405. IT is understood the Bishops of Australia and Tasmania have arrived at a decision in favor of Dr. Parry, the suffragan Bishop of Dover, as Bishop of Sydney. TBE ship Glengarry, from Workington, has arrived oft TownBville. The captain reports that three seamen named James Bcal, Thos. Welford, and Leonard Gifford, were washed overboard and drowned daring a heavy gale. A married woman named Mrs. Gordon, residing at Surry Hills, Sydney, left her home on Monday week, carying with her a child. She then threw herself and child into the woolwashing dam at Waterloo, and was drowned. The enquiry showed deceased was on unhappy terms with her husband. THE "Cheerful Chips" dramatic company are on their way out west. At last accounts they were at Bogantungan, from which they will probably go to Clermont and Aramac, arriving in Blackall for the races. In accordance with Signor Fattorni's regu- lations no priest in Northern Queensland can part his hair in the middle, wear a gold watch chain on his waistcoat, or have a housekeeper under forty years of age. A GRATUITY of £1000 given to the widow of Dr. Challinor, and a grant of 1000 acres of land to John Mackay, the discoverer of Port Mackay. THE Bishop of Melbourne lately preached a sermon inculcating self-sacrifice. In the vestry, immediately afterwards, he was com 1 pelted to listen to an apostle of tcmperanoe, who wound up by asking-" Dora not your lordship feel that you can sacrifice one 01 your indulgences to God T Can yon not for instance, at once surrender the bnrtful prac tice of taking spirituous liquors?" "Sir, said Dr. Moorhouse, "I think I have sacri ficed enough to-day." u Sacrificed I ex claimed the temperate man, 44 Yes, sir, retorted the Bishop; " sacrificed my time by listening to you." TUB privilege of landing at Baltimore recently refused GOO Chinese from Cuba. Ex-Governor Sprague, of Rhode Island, whose mansion was recently sold to Frank Tilton (of Beecher trial fame) refuses to transfer the property. He has fortified him- self, and with gattling guns, mitrailleuses, and rifles, defies all comers. THE oleomargarine factories of NewYork have a producing capacity for 116,000,000 lbs* annually, while the production of butter in the State is only 811.000,000 lbs. AK Archibald-Forteism^*1 It is bad enough to realise you are a failure, but it is quite too harrowing to be told so to your face, and all the more harrowing when your informant does not know whom he is addressing. THREE cases of broken legs at Hughenden and only one druggist, NOTHING great can be done at the Wool gar until first-class machinery is pfet on the field. FOB the past six months dead animate, valued at £1,806,000, bave been imported In to England, and in the same period live stock valued at £4,850,000. FAIB exchange. London sent ob rats j we supply them with mosquitos. THOMAS Surra had the misfortune to fall from the balcony of a temperance hotel in Brisbane, and dislocate Ms arm. This excites a horrible suspicion, but we know there Is no special providence to protect men who pat ronise such houses. A MOBQurroj* described as a voice only, but that voice speaks feelingly. It is a voice with a proboscis, a phantom with a beak, a ghost that bites* " OLD Jcby'8" last spree at Gayndeb cost him *<00 and his life. In fifty yean he had spent £10,000 in nobblers. VICTOR HUGO, in a protest against the persecution of the Jews, sitfs, "Errors are devouring each other; Christianity torturing Judaism. A FACETIOUS correspondent, who is evi* dcutlv blessed with a good digestion, sends tin ( ri7/fe Bay Mm) the following "toogh* vara : "Ob 1 it's beef jw talking about, tough beef; call this tough beef; may be you've never been to Merry Buny, that 6 the maue for tough beef. I remember onoe going a trip to the South Seas in a Merry Buny schooner, and such beef we had. The bullock that it came off belonged to a Gympfe miner, and hebad to sell it because it gnawed pleoes off the sLamp heads. After that a man wonted ft in a dray at Dundatbu and fed it on bimn 'cause his father was a miller and be got bran cheap ; by-aud-by bin.father got broke, and the mill was sold, and there was very little bran for tbe beast, so he mixed pine sawduBl with it to make it spin out, ana soon the animal was fed on nothing, but he did not seem to mind. Then be was sold to a busb carpenter, who fed Mm on barowooQ chips and still he thrived; but his bow at la-t bust up and he was sold like Mary a Ifvnb. Your butchers tried for a solid w*«k to kill him with all modern implements of warfare and failed; so at la^they trotted him off to Gympie and cot his thread with a roc* drill, and a lapidary came up from twdnjy and cut up the carcase and put it on board tho Janet Squirt. Did we eat it# think we did; we cut dices oS it with ft glneier's diamond, and sometimes the oook would put e pigeon the ^ndstcme. ana we would have rissoles i but the best of *U was when the cook disintegrated a junk with dynamite and dissolved the pieces with strong nitric acid. Ah, that was aonp i' The schooner Roderick Dhu has arrived at Maryborough from Polynesia. Her report states that shortly after leaving Maryborough an Islander, who was insane, ran amuck amonghis fellows, attempting to cut them down with a tomahawk. The Government agent shot the madman dead before he could do much injury. While engaged recruiting islanders, the boats were frequently fired upon. The return boys to Paama were seized on landing, and at once murdered and eaten. The Roderick Dhu spoke the schooner Helena, also from Maryborough. The Helena reported that the return boys who were landed at Apie, were murdered immediately and their bodies left on the beach. A boars crew went off and recovered them, and buried them at sea. Whilst the Helena's boats were away recruit- ing, a number of Tanna islanders boarded the schooner and incited the recruits to seize the ship. When the boats returned a serious conflict ensued and the mutiny was quelled. Three of the marauders were killed. The Roderick Dhu brings 300 recruits. She also spoke the Ceara bound for the Johnstone River.- N. Argus. ME. Frkd Sohofibld, tbe sheep and wool classer, who has just returned from a trip through a great portion of the western country, reports the wool clip of this season will far eroeed any of late yean, both as regards weight and quality. Stock of every description are rolling fat, grass and watfr being plentiful, rain was falling freely all the way down from Isisford to Rockbampton, so that there will be no scarcity of either grass or water for some months to come. Mr. Ichoficld does not think muob of the country from Rockbampton until within a few miles of Tnrabo; the samp in rospoct to the journey to Blackall; but from that place go in what direction one pleases it is impossible to And its equal as a sheep country. He » w opinion that in a few years when »,«lun; holders have got into the way ofcwnservlnB the water afitl the ran* are raorc fully tftaokM so that they can give greater attention toithe classing and culling of the* step, the D«. iiiig Downs squatters may J? laurels, or tho western people will beat tht.w i In the London market- Obtcrvcr. 