THE ATTACK ON THE MILL. (Irom (he French of Emi'c Zoic.) CHAPTER I. They were holding high holiday that fin 3 summer evening in the Mill of Father Merlier. In the courtyard were three long tables, all ready set and waiting for the gnests. All the country side knew that that evening Pranfoise, Father Merlier's daughter, was to be betrothed to Dominic, a young fellow whom all the men said was a ne'er-dowell, but on whom all the women looked with smiling glances, so handsome was he. The Mill itBelf was quite a curiosity. It was situated right in the heart of Rocreuse, just at the place where the high road takes a sudden curve. The village has only one street, consisting of two lines of cottages, one line on either side of the road, but at the corner whore the mill stands the meadows begin, and big trees on the banks of the Morelle cast their thick shade over the valley. There is not a lovelier spot in all Lorraine. On the right hand and on the left thick trees and underwood covering the sides of the little hills stretch away in a sea of verdure to the horizon, whilst towards the south the plain slopes down, cut up into hundreds of small square .blocks of rich soil, divided, from one another by trim green hedges. But the chief charm of Rocreuse is the coolness, the freshness, of the latter green place. The Movelle flowing through it from the woods of Gapy seems to' be laden with the cold air of tne dark pine forests in which it rises. And the MoveQe is not the only stream there. Every few yards bright sparkling brooks run trembling down the hillsides in noisy laughter as if they had just burst through the turf and out into the sunshine after having been pent for centuries in some dark subterranean lake. All along the valley, the waters run clear and cool through the grassy meadows, and enormous chesnut trees throw their dark shadows over the turf. .At the sides of the fields and along the road are long rows of poplars, and across the valley, up towards the hills, are two lines of grand old plane trees' leading to the ancient castle of Gaquy. "When the sun streams down upon the K.eadows basking in golden light the dark shadows of the trees stand out in black masses against the sparkling turf, whilst the cool air softly breathes through their leaves. And there stood the mill of old Merlier creaking all day long in the silence of the sleeping meadows. 'The building of wood and cement seemed as old as the hills. It stood half in the waters of the Morelle, which just ab*ve that place widened out a little. A dam had been thrown across, and the water fell from a height of some feet on the mill wheel, which groaned and creaked, as it turned with the asthmatics! cough of an old servant of the house. When Father Merlier was advised to change it he shook his head, saying that a young wheel would be more lazy, and would not know its work so well, and so he patched up the old wheel with everything that came to hand, staves of casks, old pieces of iron, zinc, or sheets of lead. All tnis gave the mill wheel a cheerful appearance, with its irregular surface covered in places with great patches of moss and weed, from which the drops of witer fell off like diamonds shining in the son. The house itself was a rambling threecornered looking place, a good part of which built of piles projected over tne river, and through the holes in. the floors many a big eel or perch had been hauled. up. A tumbledown staircase, at the foot of which a boat was always moored, led down to the river. Above the mill wheel was, a . wooden gallery upon which opened the back windows of the honse placed at irregular, intervals. The whole place was a confused mass of cornerslittle walls added bit by bit on. to the original building, weatherboard rooms stuck on anywhere, and roofs of all .sizes, shapes, and materials. But time had softened down the otherwise extraordinary look of the place by covering it all over with thick green moss and ivv and wild creepers, and so all the yonn» ladies who passed along the road stopped before the mill to transfer it to their sketchbooks. On the side facing the street,the house was more substantial and solid. Sstone archway led from the street into a big courtyard, on the right and left of which were the stables and outhouses. By the side of a well grew; an enormous elm, whose shadow covered half the courtyard. The front of the place was two-storeyed, with four windows on the first storey, and above these was placed a pigeonhcuse. The only piece of ornamentation or luxury Father Merlier indulged in was to whitewash the front of his house once every ten years. The work had just been done, ana the glare from it half blinded the inhabitants of Bocrense as they came along the street. For twenty years old Merlier had been Mayor of Bocreuse. Every one respected him because of the money he had managed to make. People said he was worth eighty thousand francs, saved franc by franc. When he married Madeleine Guillaid, who brought him the mill as her dowry, he had only his two strong arms. But Madeleine never regretted her choice, so well did he look after the business he had dropped into. At the. time we are speaking of nis wife had been dead some few years; he lived alone with his daughter Franpoise. . He might certainly have retired from business, and left the mosscoated mill wheel to sleep and rest; but this would have soon tired him out, and destroyed all his pleasure in life. He was always hard at work for the sake of amusement. Old Merlier was then a tall old man, with a long grave face which never laughed, but all the same had a good deal of merriment hidden behind it. He had been elected Mayor on account of his money and the stately look he put on whenever he was acting officially. Francoise Merlier was just eighteen years old. Sne was not considered one of the pretty girls of the place, because she was small. Until she was fifteen, indeed, she had always been thought ugly, but after that, although she for'a time had a delicate look, she developed quite a pretty figure. She had dark hair, dark eyes, and a fair complexion, a mouth which "was always smiling, little dimples in her cheeks, and a light open forehead. Although she was considered undergrown by the country people,, she was not by any means thin. She was called small, because, perhaps, she could not carry a bag of wheat, but she was gradually getting stouter, and would in course of time no doubt become _plump and sleek. Her fathers continual silence had made her very serious for so-young a girl, aid if she constantly smiled it was to please others, not because she herself was amused. Of course all. the young fellows made love to her, more perhaps because of her money than herself; and she had just made her choice of a husband, and a choice which shocked every one. On the other side of the Moselle liv^d a strapping young fellow called Dominic Penquer.. He was not a native of Rocieuse, ot ten years 1 before he had arrived from Belgium to take possession of a little place f B left him by his uncle at the foot of the forest of Gapuv, a few hundred yards from the mill. He only came over, he said, to arrange for the sale 91 his property, but apparently the place had great attractions for him,-for he never moved away from it again. He worked a-little occasionally on a bit of -his ground, where he grew a few vegetables. He fished and shot, and several times he had been nearly taken up before the Magistrates for trespassing in search of game. This free, idle life, the charm of 'which the peasants could not understand, had at last given him a bad reputation as a poacher and a good- for-nothing. He certainly Was lazy, for people came upon' him at all hours and seasons lying stretched out at full length under the trees fast asleep. Besides, the hut which he lived in did not seem a respectable dwelling for a young-man, and the old women of the village half'believed he carried on secret dealings with the wolves and ghosts of the forest of Gapuy. The young women ventured sometimes to speak up for him, for he was so handsome, this tall, well-built, active, young fellow, with his fair skin and golden hair and beard. So one fine morning Fraii9oise told her father that she loved Dominic, and would never consent to marry any other man. We can imagine what a shock this was to old Merlier. He said nothing, as was his custom, and his face wore the same grave look, only all the lightness seemed to have gone out of his eves. Francoise, too, was very grave and sUent. What troubled Father Merlier was to discover how this confounded oacher had managed to bewitch his girl, for S•ominic had never been at the mifl. The miller watched and saw the lover on the other side of the Moselle stretched out on the grass pretending to be asleep. Francoise could see him from her window. Evidently they had fallen in love without knowing one another at all, and all their intercourse had bet n carried on by making sheep's eyes over the top of the mill-wheel. A week passed away. Francoise became graver and graver. Her father on his part still kept silence. At last one evening, without faying a word, he brought Dominic home to supi er with him. Francoise was just laying the cloth. She did not seem the least astonished, but quietly prepared another place at the table, only all of a sudden the dimples had come back to her cheeks and her lips were smiling once more. The next morning Merlier called on Dominic in bis hut, and there the two men talked with closed doors for nearly three hours. No one ever knew what passed be- tween them, but when 'their conversation was over and they came out Father Merlier already treated Dominic like a son. All Bocreuse was shocked and scandalized, 'ine women standing at their doors were n >c silent about the madness of old Merlier, who was taking a profligate into his house. He did not care; but let them talk on. Perhaps he remembered his own wedding, whea he without a penny in his pocket had married Madeleine and her mill, and yethe had turned out a good husband. Besides, Dominic silenced all gossip by suddenly taking to work with such vigour that all the country was astonished. Tne boy at the mill had fallen ilL and Dominic would not hear of another being engaged. He carried the sacks, drove tne cart, worked away at the old wheel when it took it into its head to object to be turned; and all with such goodwill that it was a pleasure to see him. Father Merlier laughed' silently to himself. He was very proudof having rightly summed np the young man, for he knew thaithere is nothing like love to give young people a stent heart. In the midst of all this Dominic and Francoise adored each other. They never spoke, but they just looked and smiled. Up to that time old Merlier had never hintea at marriage, and both of the lovers observed strict silence on the point also, waiting to learn the old man's wilL At last, one day about the middle of July, he ordered the three long tables to be set in the courtyard under the big elm, and invited all his Mends in Rocieuse to come and drink: a glass of wine with him. When the courtyard was filled, and every one had therr glasses in their hands, ola. Merlier stood up and, holding his glass high over his head, said— " This is to announce to you that Francoise is going to marry that young fellow there ina montn, on St. Louis's Day. Then they clinked their glasses noisely,. Every one was laughing, but old Merlier, raising his voice again, said— " Dominic embrace your future wife. It is the proper thine to do." And they embraced, blushing deeply whilst all the guests laughed. That night was a regular fete, and they emptied a small cask of wine. When only a few intimate friends were left behind they began to talk quietly of every-day matters. Night had set .in, a clear starry night, Dominic and Francoise seated Bide by side on a form were quite silent, whilst an old ea sant talked of the war the Emperor had1 Seclared against Prussia. All the young men of the village had gone away to fight,- and only the day before some regiments had passed through. Hard knocks would be given ere long. _ "Bah!" said Father Merlier, with the egotism of a man who is perfectly happy, "Dominic is a foreigner; he need not go. away, and if the Prussians come he will be here to defend his wife." This idea that the Prussians might come was received as a grand joke. They were going to get a good hammering, and then all would be over. " Ah ! I've seen them before, I've seen them before," said one of the old men gravely, and shaking his head. There was silence for a moment. Then glasses were filled up, and they drank each : others health once more. What a lovely night! The village was sleeping by.the sides of the white road as peacefully as a child. The only sound in the air was the distant crowing of some toowakeful cock. From the great woods all round the village came down cool, fragrant breezes, which passed lightly by the white cottages, bringing with them the sound of the murmuring water and the sweet scent of the pines. Now and then the old inill-wheel,. asleep on the silver waters of the Moselle,, gave out a creak or a groan, like an old watchdog, who growls occasionally even whilst snoring, just to show he is at his.- E ost. There was not a more peaceful,, appy spot on the whole face of the earth. . 