STORY OF A SIN. [By the Author of " Comin' thro' the Rye. BOOK II,—REA.PED. Chapter VI. On eagle's wings immortal scandals fly, While virtuous actions are hut horn to clie. During the week that elapsed between the introduction of Frank to his consti tuents hy the Duke and his subsequent return for the county it was Lady Sophia's opinion that Mr. Eyre's scandalous flirta tion with the Duchess bid fair to throw his wife into the arms of her former lover. Mr. Eyre would not leave the Duke till Frank's interests were safe, and Madcap must fret a little longer for a sight of her children, though the ride to Lovel that Frank took each second day to bring her news of them enabled her to hear her banishment pretty well, and make her companionship with the young fellow more close. But those who saw and heard him de liver his address under the Duke's auspices at Marmiton would never afterwards believe a word against him; his manly, straightforward speech, in which his sins seemed to have slipped his recollection, his charming looks, that combined freshness, delicacy, and strength in an extreme degree, won all hearts; and although the balcony on which he stood almost faced the gaol, with its recent painful recollections, a cheer went up from the crowd when he ceased speaking that stood earnest for his subse quent success. Mr. Eyre said " Thank God!" when the young fellow stepped back into the room where he was, and Madcap took his hand and said, " God bless you!" and no thought of Hester just then crossing his mind perhaps he ventured to look forward with hope to that honorable life from which his own act had seemed to sever him so com pletely. But when the election was over, and they had returned to Love), Frank's new brightness was clouded hy perceiving the return in Mr. Eyre of all the symptoms that had previously so alarmed him. Madcap, being once more in the company of her children, happy, too, in her friend ship with Frank, who came and went in the house as he chose, did not seem to ob serve how Mr. Eyre each day shrouded himself more and more against companion ship, how he would often speak and move like a man in a dream; though at times he would seem inspired with those violent spirits that by some are looked upon as the forerunner of death or disaster. He rarely visited the Duchess, hut though his manner towards her showed no change, gradually the conclusion forced itself upon her that he had but used her as a tool to serve the interests of his friend; though even then the longing to see him was so intense that she would frequently drive over to visit Madcap, in whom each day her jealous eyes discovered a thousand charms that had formerly escaped her. But on those occasions Mr. Eyre was never visible; he seemed to dislike seeing Madcap and the Duchess in each other's company, though he made every opportunity of throwing Madcap and Frank together, so that he was as much blamed in the one affair as he was censured in the other, and was rapidly losiDg the character that for more than half-a-dozen years he had been steadily building up. And meanwhile the season stole onward, the corn lay in golden seas beneath the August sun, and the farmers wiped the sweat from their brows and praised God for the weather; and the reapers looked each one to his sickle, and thought of the wife and little ones who would be left un provided for if the sunstroke, which seemed inevitable, struck him down. The storm-cock had not been heard for a month; the harsh cry of the swift sounded like music in the ears of those who desired but fine weather for a few days longer to gather in that which had taken so long to grow; the slaughter of the innocents, other wise that of the diones by the bees, wae oyer, and the wild cherries had ripened and been eaten by unpampered village lips. The fool6-pai6ley had emerged to. look for hia brethren above ground, and gone home again, not having learned much that was new; the asphodel had come again, asking the old question that so few of us can answer; and the flying ants been re ceived with hatred and seen to depart with joy. In that ripe, still splendor of field and wood and sky there was a gorgeous solemnity, a superb hush, as though, having run its utmost limit of perfection, the hand of the dial now struck the hour in on© grand perfected note, then turned to retrace its steps, a little of the wealth and life lessen ing with its every step, and growing greyer and colder as it retreated. It was on one of these burning days that Frank met a pretty young woman walking in his wood, with two boys running beside her, and he stopped as usual to speak to her and to them. "He is coughing more than usual," said Frank, anxiously, as he lifted Dody, whose brilliant color was too beautiful for health. "Oh, no," said Josephine, with non chalance ; " it is no worse than usual, and I give him cough mixture always before he goes to his mamma. She is not to be worried—master has said so." " What is all this nonsense I hear as to an apparition at the Manor ?" said Frank presently, when the children had run on ahead. " Oh," cried Josephine, crossing herself, " it is the father of Monsieur who wanders always, trying to tell the secret of the house. It is said that they all struggle to say it when they are dying, but never say it quite. Somebody will die soon, the house keeper says." " But who has seen it ?" cried Frank im patiently. : "All in the house save Monsieur and Madam, to whom no one has dared to speak a word on the subject," declared Josephine. All had heard or seen something—a tall shape, that passed along the galleries like a chill wind an hour after midnight, some times in darkness, sometimes with a light in ita hands, that one and all swore to be blue—coming and going in spite of locked doors and shuttered windows—a gruesome thing, that never appeared when watched for, and sometimes not for a week together, though when the watchers nodded it was sure to he heard, its mysterious footsteps tapping on the polished oak of the gallery that ran round the entire middle portion of the house, which formed three sides of a square. The apartments of Mr. and Mrs. Eyre were situated at one side, those of their children on the other; the middle of the building ^ consisted of apartments rarely used, while below them were the ordinary dwelling rooms of the family. Frank, as he listened to this story, thought what a clever actress this woman was, and wondered if she really thought to deceive him with the tale; for of course she knew that the apparition was no other than Hester, who in her love for Body would not content herself with seeing him by day only, but obtained admission to him by night; and to screen herself from Mr. Eyre's displeasure (should he ever come to know of it) the story of the ghost had been set afloat by Josephine. "A figure walks to and fro, but no one , has courage to grapple with it," he said, with a smile. " And you admit no friends, Josephine ? or if you do, are foolish .enough to make them travel the whole length of the gallery before reaching you." " Monsieur I" she said, drawing herself up with no pretence at a blush, but with a play of feature that with a Frenchwoman does duty for shame, "you insult me. To be imprudent is to commit a fault, hut to commit such a bctise as that would be a crime." Hester Clarke is your friend," he said quietly. " Have you ever admitted her to the house on a visit either by day or by night p" Josephine faltered. " By day," she said; " in Mr. Eyre's absence; but never by night. Besides, the apparition was a man, as everybody knows!" Frank walked for a little way beside her, lost in thought. He knew that he could not depend upon Hester now; since that shot fired by Mr. Eyre her mood had changed, and_ a strain of recklessness had shown itself in her character for which he was unprepared. She seemed to exult in her power over Mr. Eyre, and that inter view with Madcap being sq long ago, that gentle influence over her had in a degree waned, and from a word or two dropped here and there Frank had reason to believe that she meditated a deed from which she formerly would have shrunk. He will kill me sooner or later if I re main here," she had said to Frank one day; " and I will live—live for the child's sake, and there is only one way out of it; and she has others to love, and there will he more—she might spare me that one." Frank had not ventured to breathe his dread that Hester would eventually steal the child to any one. He dared not still further inflame Mr. Eyre's mind against her; to spesk to Madcap was out of the question; the utmost that he could da was to watch her, and to make an ally of Josephine. " I should like to see this apparition," said Frank, looking down," and, if possible, without acquainting Mr. Eyre of my intention." A look of intelligence flashed across the woman's face ; she began to understand. "I should like,"' said Frank, still thinking earnestly, "to be hidden in some | lace where I might watch for and surprise it; till I can do this I am bound to telle ve tbat you are in the secret." Josephine's eyes sparkled; greediness i takes an attractive form in the griiette, who looks charming and means money, yet stipulates for nothing, knowing that her interests are secured. " It is quite simple," she said. " You shall watch for it any night you please, and no one will know. My mistress sleeps soundly, dreaming of the children; Mr. Erie is all night below in his library; it will be 3, J, 5, before he will see his bed," " When dees the ghost walk?" he said. ' Fever two nights running, though we are too frightened to keep account. It has not now appeared for three days ; it may appear to-night." " Tonight!"' exclaimed Frank, at last convinced that Josephine was not in Hester's secrets. "To-night," said Josephine, her eyes meeting hia. lie divined the thoughts she dared not express. For a moment he sickened; then, remembering tbat in m-itters of moment it is safer to be in the hands of a knave than a foci, he controlled himself, and said, looking on her with eyes so clearly pure, go sternly honest, as to unsettle her thoughts— ^ " I shall obtain Mr. Eyre's permission urst; meanwhile," and he gave her o-0ld "you will say nothing to Mrs. Clarke, and you will watch Body, securing your door each night; you will also be careful not to leave him alone with her for any length of time." . Josephine promised obedience, but all the vivacity had gone from her face. " C'e pauvre jeune hommeshe murmured, as he disappeared after the children; "so good, alas 1 so good, and it comes so hard to him to be naughty! Si bel—and nobody—not even a Josephine—to be the better for it!" 