The Sketcher. Sunday in the Domain. The motif which actuates three-fourths of those who resort to the Domain to spout hackneyed platitudes and purloined blasphemies may puzzle a few, but it is after all tangible enough. The cacoethes loquendi is very catching. There is a glory in addressing a large crowd which has a subtle attraction for the conceited demagogue, independ ently of his matter. In Australia, perhaps, more than in any other country, a diarrhoea of words is accepted by the mob as genius bearing the hall-mark of nature, if it pro ceeds from an unlettered, shallow man ; and we have seen in the neighbouring colony of Victoria how, during a popular paroxysm, wisdom may have to take a back seat and yield place to the impudent quack. We have seen a Michie hustled out of the way for a Mason, and one of the most honoured names in the history of Victorian Liberalism— that of George Higinbotham - contemptuously struck off the roll of the Legislative Assembly and that of Thomas Bent substituted for it. Very sorry yeast sometimes finds its way into the popular bread, and as it is in politics so it is in other things. The flaneur of the freethought stump has no particular convictions beyond an ineradicable hatred a parsons and a contempt for respectability, as a little atten tive study of his words will serve to show. It is easier for him to steal the brains of Colonel Bob Ingersoll and mouth- garbled extracts from that sceptic's works than to study or practise the elementary truths of Christianity. So, under the name of ' Agnostic' — which we grieve to say is not nearly so intelligible to 80 per cent, of his audience as the talismanic word 'beer,' — he tries, in a professed Christian country, the snapping point of patience, in an attack upon all that is worthy of veneration in doctrine, life, and manners The sentiment of religion and veneration is, or appears to be, wholly absent, and as a pious Irishman who was listening horrified to the diatribes of the most querulous of the ' Agnostics,' remarked, ' the probability is that he will be saved by his invincible ignorance.' The Domain free- thinker is in many respects a ridiculous paradox. He declares his aim to be the extinguishing of creeds and priests under whatever guise, and yet asserts that a man's belief or non-belief is mere leather and prunella, so long as he follows the cardinal moralities inculcatcd alike by Christ, Confucius, Brahma and Mahomet. If there be any sincerity in this cosmopolitan expression, the question arises, why seek to disturb any one's convictions or idiosyncracies ? It there is no First Great Cause, and no Hereafter, why mangle the letter and spirit of Scripture, and butcher the Queen's English so pertinaciously? The chief apostle of infidelity proclaims adherence to honest work and commer cial integrity as the only real religion ; but it is question able whether these rudimentary ideas on the subject would not — in the event of his attaining the dignity and influence of the Nunawading Prophet, become adulterated with some 'notions' lets reconcilable to existing social prejudices. Judging from the cool manner in which he speaks of the connubial relation for instance, his liberalism goes far beyond the limits which our enslaved perceptions are willing to recognise ; but there is so much bubbling facetiousness in his composition, or ' buffoonery,' as he terms it himself, that it would be unjust perhaps to believe him literally. Probably, if he had to formulate a new and perfect con stitution, its leading articles would resemble those of the Fenian declaration of independence : — ' 1. All men shall be free and equal. ' 2. Some shall be more equal than others, ispicially the qwality.' Meaning the latitudinarians with the best lungs. In spite of his panegyrics on the virtues of hardwork, the payment of 20s. in the £, and a hard hand (garnished on Sunday with heavy rings}, he audaciously reproaches his Creator for making labour a sine qua non of existence, for he slips into inferential admissions of a Divine Being, in spite of his uncompromising crassness. ' If I have independence,' he says defiantly, ' He makes' me work hard enough for it, so I owe him no thanks.' Such ponderous inconsistency as this, uttered three Sundays ago, perceptibly startled the crowd. It is like the conundrum propounded by Montague Tigg — Why is a man in gaol like a man out of gaol ? too deep for an answer, because there is no answer to it. The freethinkers know not or else despise what George Eliot calls ' the sweet flower of courtesy.' Their favourite rhetoric is the lie direct. The spirit of boorish rudeness and intolerance is infectious— for it adds to the zest of the vulgar, and impresses others who really know better with the idea that only by such language can they appeal to tho under standing. The lessons in the Civic parliament are not fruitless evidently. The other Sunday a new orator besought atten tion on the ground that he was an advocate of freethought ; but soon he astonished the crowd by avowing himself a stout Evangelical. He was occupied in confuting the Brad laughian Ghost's dictum that he could not in the course of nature fight under two flags, when an aged man, bearing the appearance of a decayed schoolmaster, burst in upon him with, ' You just now said you were a freethinker ! Where is your god ? Is he in your pocket ?' The outburst intensely aroused the crowd, and some of the 'leary' ; members encouraged the poor trembling old fellow on the platform with, ' That's the gruel to give him, old cock — go up and let him hev it 'ot.' So the aged zealot did, and brandishing a pamphlet of Talmage's sermons en deavoured for 20 minutes to stem the current of idiotic profanity. A gentleman who evidently envies the verbal felicity of the ' ghost' then got himself into a tautological tangle in endeavouring to prove that the Jews were the most disreputable race of people on the face of the earth — ergo, that the record of their doings was subversive of morality. The mob grew exasperated with the meaning less wind, and bade him 'dry up' and sit down— advice which he reluctantly followed. The young Hebrew who has been previously referred to, however, took up the cudgels, and offered to prove either from tho ' Protestant' or ' Dowie ' version that his countrymen were ' no better than they should be.' They had spoiled the Egyptians. ' Spoil ' was the word, not ' borrow.' ' So it is now,' remarked a cynic. ' They are in a chronic state of going out of Egypt.' Three or four gentlemen with black muzzles appealed to a philosopher at the window of the hall. ' Who is he? He's a Yidesheh, isn't he ?' 'Yes,' leturned their countryman, regretfully, 'but turned.' A remark strongly suggestive of the decomposi tion of meat. Sufficient has been said of the Freethought platform. There is an utter sameness about it that baffles lengthened description, apart altogether from its pernicious tendency. The Sunday described was a replica of the previous Sundays, nave that the prophet Day, wearied by the prolixity of another controversial bore, rose from the steps, shook the dust from his shoes, and migrated with three-fourths of the congrega tion to the end of the building facing the harbour— while Mr. Picton shortly afterwards took up the deserted position, and converted it to Evangelical uses. The three most important divisions of the Domain Sunday population have respectively fire, water, and Nihilism for their mental food. The most comfortable-looking and orderly in their demeanour are those who prescribe perpetuity of punishment for heterodoxy and those who preach the ' jehad ' against publicans and the liquor trade. There is more shirt collar and less of what the blind temperance apostle calls flip-flap boots— i.e., boots in want of soles— amongst these good people than amongst the philoso phers opposite. Mr. Cock's auditors need not be included in any category but one. He has to deal with some of the plagues of Egypt, and if he ever enters the ideal cabinet of Mr. Burton Bradley as Minister of Hygiene, he will unquestionably give a wonderful impetus to the soap trade. It is true that hordes of these stiff-necked creatures are to be seen in the waters of Woolloomooloo occasionally, when the sewage-impregnated bath presents the appearance of a huge spittoon, but the cleanliness which comes of their immersion is incidental, not the consummation of a high purpose. They go to bathe for company, and to lower the temperature of their vicious blood; Occasionally new candidates for oratorical distinction —men who study M'Elhone and Buchanan in preference to T. P.' Hill- present themselves to public notice. They are said to hail chiefly from Paddy's Market, where after the best of the vegetables are gone they enter into competition as sellers of jaundiced preserved milk, aged jam, queer bacon, meretricious stationery, brum magem cutlery, and bric- a-brac. Two of these appeared in company on Sunday fortnight, opposite the freethought platform. So far as could be guessed at, both were evan gelical, but their sentences were wholly unintelligible. One, swaying his body about, delivered what seemed to be home-made texts, something in the hardshell style of ' For they shall gnaw a file and flee unto the mountains of Hepsidam, where the lion roareth, and the whangdoodle mourneth for its first born. But there's more dams than Hepsidam, and more files than one file, brethren. There's the rat-tailed file, the single file, the double file, and the profile. But what shall these avail it a man have not charity and the spirit of truth ? ' This man, whose lifeless drone never attracts a dozen hearers, was succeeded by a foreigner, said to be an ex cellent vigneron. He managed to say that as other beople was allowed to gome dere, to rant against Christianity, he did not see why he should not Bay some thing for God's Word. He had got thus far when he suddenly developed into a perfect convulsionaire. He frisked, jumped, pranced, foamed at the mouth, and roared in a manner painful to behold. His companion had spoken only to the wind, but this poor Swiss enthusiast instantly drew several hundreds of disreputables from the freethought crowd, who, after watching him gleefully for a few minutes, closed in, mobbed, and bonneted him. There was a dangerous glitter in bis eyes as he ' let drive ' and clcared a space like magic to recommence his maniacal harangue in broken English with a like result. He then fought his way furiously through the crowd and made towards St. Mary's gate, with a couple of hundred larrikins at his heels, in eager expectation of more ' fun ' from the crank, as some of them termed him. The simplicity and defencelessness of the unfortunate fellow laid him open to attack and awakened all the cowardly, brutal instincts of these hyenas, who would fear to attack the pugnacious Day or the determined Perry. When will the authorities recognise the necessity of making the same provision for the preservation of order in the Domain as they do on the Randwick racecourse ? 