ÍMSTIUCT NE WS. [?mou oua VAnrous cobekbpondkntb,] BRANXTON. At the police office on Saturday last, before Messrs. Brooks, P.M., and John Drinan, J.P., Robert Gordon, a seller of bread, pleaded guilty to on information laid by constable Ritchie charging him with deliver- ing bread without being provided with scales or balance. He was fined 20j, the lowest penalty in such a case, and 5s Oi court costs. John Henderson, for a similar offence, was also fined in the above amount. . . , In the Small Debt« Court the following business was transacted :-Timothy Murphy v. Jobn Healy, service of stallion, verdict for plaintiff £2 5n ; same ?. Matthew Hayos, plaintiff ¿C4 3a Oi; same v. Michael Russell, verdict for defendant; Edward Dixon v. James Leggett, goods so^d, plaintiff £1 lös öd. The Holiday.-On E leter Monday our town (ex- cuse the misnomer} w> s any thine but what it usually is-"a dull hoie." We hava to thank the Good Templars and our cricket club f'jr this. Tho former, on the occasion of their first anniversary, arranged a picnic. The latter gave ua and their Oakhampton competitors n trent iu tim leather and wiilow line The picnic was very largely attended, end as they gave a good and plentiful spread as well as games peculiar to picnic pirti», it is only reasonable to suppose that their^patrouisers were fully satisfied. The cricket tunton was very poorly attended. I send yon particulars of the play : i Oakhampton C C. , '' First Innings. -Kine, b. W. Ballantine. 3 W. Willard, b. W. Ballantine. 4 Maher, b.G. Ballentine. 4 Bowden, b. G Ballentine. 0 Sefton, b. W. Billen tine . 1 Scobie, b. G. Ballentine. 2 T. Willard, b. G. Ballantine. U Bible, not out. 6 Burgess, c Doyle . 8 Phelan,c.Doyle. O M'Mullen, c. Bendeich. 0 Sundries. 3 Total.31 Second Innings. King, o.H. Wyndham . 16 W.¿Willard, b. W. Ballantine. 0 Maher, b, G. Wyndham . 12 Bowden, b. S Doyle. l8 Sefton, b. P. Wyndhim. 15 Scobie, b. W. Ballentine . 1 T. Willard, c. foyle. 8 Bible, o. Wyndham . 6 Burgess, b. G. Ballentine. 3 Phelan, b. G. Wyndham. 0 M'Mullen, not out. 0 Bundries. 5 Total.84 First innings .31 Grand total.115 . Bbamton C. C. First Innings. W. Ballentine, caught W. Willard. 25 G. .Wyndham, b. W. Willard . 4 H. Wyndham, cauRht King. 2 P. Bendeicb, b. Bible . 8 P. Wyndham, b. Willard. 11 S. Doyle, b. Willard. 0 W. Shepherd, run out . 7 K. Smith, b. Willard. 2 G, Ballentine, b. Willard. 6 E.JBallentine, not out . 5 F. Drinan, b Bible . 3 Sundries. 4 Total. 77 Sttond Innings. W. Ballentine, caught Bible .26 G. Wyndham, not out .;. 4 E, Ballentine, b. Willard. 8 Sundries . 2 40 First innings .77 Total .117 SINGLETON. Police Court.-In the Police Court, on Tuesday, the 11th instant, before tbe Police Magistrate, Mr. J. N. Brooks, the application of John Stoltenberg for a slaughtering license for his yards situate at Belford, was granted. A number of publicans and Colonial wine sellers lodged their applications tor licenses for the Quarterly Licensing Court to be held on Wednesday, the 23th instant. Wateb Faminf,-The continued dry weather has caused many of the usual water reservoirs in this district to fail, and the residents of localities removed " at some distance from theriTer Hunter audits tribu- taries are in consequence put to sore distress. About Vere and Nine Milo Creek the water supply for stock and domestic purposes has almost entirely disap- peared, the few remaining holes only containing small quantities of fluid entirely unfit to support both human and animal life. Had it not been tor the kindness of Mr. D. F. Mackay, of Dulcalmab, Whittingham, in permitting his neighbours to obtain water from the large dams in his paddocks for the post two monthe, most of them would have to travel several miles for this indispensable fljid. From other parts of this district we bear similar doleful accounts of the'want of water, and unless we are very shortly favoured with a heavy rainfall, serious consequences mustt enBue. Bastee Monday.-Ibis popular holiday was, as usual, obserred in Singleton by the closing of all places of business, The principal attraction was a cricket match between the Singleton Club and the City Club, of Newcastle, which was easily won by the latter, with one run and nine wickets to spare. There being ample time left, a single wicket match was played between the same clubs, and again the Newcastle players proved the victors with 17 runs, -The annual picnic in connection with the Wes leyan Church took place on the racecourse, and was largely attended. The Nobtheen Junction Railway.-We learn that the site of the propossd bridge over the Hawkes- bury river for this railway, at a spot called Digger's Island, will have to be abandoned, as hitherto a re- liable bottom for the foundations has not been obtain- able, tbe sounding rods being unable to reach any rock through the immense doposits of mud washed down the rirer and forming the accummulution of floods during millions of years. There is hopB yet for the Singleton, Wollombi, and Wiseman's Ferry route, through the evident bungung of the Chief Engineer's Department. Our local committeo should again put on their armour and be up and doing. obickkt matches. A cricket match took place at Singleton on Good Friday, between the. Singleton Club nod the Alexandra Club of Sydney, the former being vic- torious with 30 rons. The scores were as follows : Singleton CLrn. First Innings. G. Parr.c. Ridley, b. Ellis. 0 T, A. Fawcett, c. Ferguson, b. Ellis. 17 J. Sheohan, b. Ellis . ,0 J. McAlpin, l.b.w., b, Ellis . 0 C. McCosker, c. Van Heckeren, b. Macintosh. 1 G.Upjohn, b.Ellia. 1 F. W. Gardiner, b Mortimer . 17 J. Maguire, b. Macintosh. 2 St. Thos. Loder, b. Moci&toeh.; 2 E, J, Bourke, b. Mortimer. 0 E. Browne, not out . 0 Sundries. 5 Total.,. 45 Second Innings. G. Parr, c. and b. Ellis .,. 7 J. A. Fawcett, b. Macintosh. 13 J. Sbebbnn, b. Ellis . 0 J. McAlpin, c. Ferguson, b. Macintosh. 5 C. Mccosker, b. Mortimer. 0 G. Upjohn, c. nnd b. Mortimer. l8 F. W. Gardiner, c. and b. Mortimer. 7 J. Maguire, hit on wicket, b. Ellis. 2 St. Thos. Lodor, not out . 14 E. Browne, b. Mcintosh . 2 JS.¿. Bourke, c, and b. Pearce. 0 Sundries. 7 Total.j.84 First innings ...,.45 Grand total.,.139 Albxandma Club (îJïdnby.) First Innings. Pearce, b. McAlpin. 3 Smithers, run out, b Browne. JJ Mcintosh, l.b.w.,b. Browne..-.. JJ Ridley, c. Loder, b. McAlpin. * Ellis, c. Fawcett, b. McAlpin. 6 Dyason, c. Parr, b. McAlpin . O Mcintosh, c. and b. McAipin. 7 Van Heckeren, b. McAlpin .,. JJ Sthfford, c. Gardiner, b. Mccosker. O Ferguson, bit wicket, b. Mccosker. 8 Mortimer, not out. O Sundries . e Total.24 Second Innings, Ellis, b. Mccosker. Jj Ferguson, c. Gardiner, b. MoCosker. O Ridley, c. Bourke, b. McCjsker. 7 Jas. Mcintosh, c. Parr, b. McAlpin. IO Smithers, c. Fawcett, b. Mccosker. 3 Pearce, not out'..*..3j> Mcintosh, run out, b, McCosker.-. 8 Vnn Heckeren, run out, b. McCosker. 1 Dyason, b. McCosker. "0 Mortimer, c. Parr, b. McCosker. 3 Stafford, b. McCosker... 2 Byes. 2 Total..-..75 First Innings .21 Grand Total.99 On Easter Monday a match took place at Singleton, between tbe City club of Newcastle and the Singleton club, resulting in a very easy viotory for the former with 9 wickets, The following are the scores : Singleton Club. First Innings. T. A. Fawcett, c. Thornton, b. Gilbert . 6 G. Parr, c. Hall, b. Gilbert . 0 F. J, Robinson, c. Hall, b. Gilbert. 5 J. H. Sheehan, c. Thomas, b. 6. Gilbert . 7 J. Bourke, c. Thomas, b, Wood . 3 J. G. Harris, c. Webb, b. Gilbert. 6 G. Upjohn, n. Lawrence, b. Gilbert. 2 St. Thos. Loder, not out . 9 F. W. Gardiner, run out. 0 C M'Cosker, c. ThomsB, b. Gilbert . 4 E. J. Bourke, b. Gilbert. 3 Total.44 Second Innings. T. A. Fawcett, C. Hall, b. Wood. 4 J. H. Sheehan, c. Hall, b. Gilbert . 2 J. Bourke, b. Gilbert . 12 St. ThoB. Loder, b. Gilbert . 9 F. J. Robinson, c. Smitb, b. Wood. 2 G. Parr. b. Wood . 10 J. G.Harris, b. Wood. 4 F. W. Gardiner, not out. 0 G. Upjohn,c. Hall, b. Gilbert. 8 C. Mccosker, l.b.w., b. Gilbert. 0 E. J. Bourke, b. Gilbert. 0 Leg-byes. 3 Total .64 First innings.44 Grand Total. 98 Newcastle City Club. First Innings. Thomas, b. McCosker. 0 Lawrence, c. Gardiner, b. Fawcett. 0 Smitb, c, Gardiner, b McCosker. 6 Webb, c. Gardiner, b. Fawcett... 5 Gilbert, c. Gardiner, b. Fawcett. 4 Wood, b. Fawcett. Hall, b. Fawcett. 5 Thornton, c. Sheehan, b. McCosker. Giles, C. Fawcett,b. McCosker. 1 Nicholson, not out. 7 Franks, c. Fawcett, b. McCosker. 7 Byes. 2 Total. C3 Second Innings. Webb, c. Robinson, b. Parr.23 Smitb, not out . 22 Thomas, not out. 1 Total. 46 First iunings. 53 Grand total.99 With nine wickets to fall. A singlo wicket match between the same clubs again resulted in a victory for our visitors as follows : Newcastle City Club. Smitb, b. Parr. 0 Wood, c, Parr, b. Bourke. 11 Gilbert, runout. lo Webb, c. Upjohn, b. Bourke . 2 Thomas, c. Fawcett, b. Gardiner . 4 Thornton, b, Gardiner. 0 Giles, c. Fawcett, b. Parr. 10 Total. 42 81NGLETON Club. J. Bourke, c. Thornton, b. Webb. 6 F. W. Gardiner, b. Webb.,. 6 W. Fitzgerald, b, Webb. 0 T. A. Fawcett, c. Giles, b. Webb. 9 G. Parr, c. Wood, b. Webb . 4 G. upjohn, c. Thornton, b. Webb. 0 C. M'Cosker, c. Gilbert, b. Webb. 1 Total.25 Lectube at the Singleton Mechanics' Institute,-From an advertisement iu another column it will be observed that a lecture will be delivered by Rev, Dr. White, at the Singleton Mechanics' Institute on Thursday evening, 13th inst., the subject being " Free Trade." From the reverend doctor's long- established reputation as adeep learned, thoughtful, and popular lecturer on many varied subjects, we have no doubt but that a great troat is in store for thoäe who will patronise Dr. White's efforts to augment our store of knowledge in this important branch of political economy. Singleton, April 11,1882. DUNGOG. At the conclusion of the service at tbe Scotch kirk yesterday, Captain Cameron, of Cairn more, was in the act of mounting his horse, but before be had got properly seated the horse suddenly reared up, and threw him down with great force. It is feared he has suffered a dislocation of the hip joint, lor he was quite unable to movo without assistance ; and after being aesisted to Dr. M'Kinley's place, the buggy was sent for, and took bim home. We have not heard to-day yet how he is progressing ; but it is fortunate the horse did not fall buck upon bim (as be was nearly doing), or the mishap might have been much more serious. This is Easter Monday ; it ie like a fine summer's day: Athletic sports are in progress on the race- course; nothing could be more propitious for pleasuring in the open air. The weather here for a long time has been unseasonably pleasant. The great deluges of rain falling about Sydney and other places last week, there was nothing of it here but the merest dribble. It retresked the face of nature a little and made the fields look green, but there was not enough to sink any distance into the earth to stimulate the roots of the herbage. The outlook for winter feed is far from bright at the present time. Stock ure iu fair condi- tion. Grass íb green and succulent what there is of it, but it is exceedingly short, und the nights are getting cold and we cannot expect any vigorous growth now, the more especially as there is no mois- ' ture in the earth a few inches below the burfaco. The weather is healthy in the extreme, and highly favourable for oatdcor labour, and I hear no com- plaints of sickness or poverty. Still in a new world like this this district makes very small progreso in subduing the wilderness. April 11.188Í PORT MACQUARIE. The steamer Ne Oblie left hero on Wednesday morning last, 5th inst., for Sydney, having on board the largest number of passengers that she bad ever before taken from Port Macquarie. Tho accommo- dation in this comparatively small coasting steamer is very limited, and inconvenient to ladies. Several intended passengers were unable to go until her next trip. The Ne Oblie is the property of Mr. Booth, of Balmain, Sydney, and the only passenger steamer plying between Port Macquarie and Sydney, her arrival and departure being uncertain, beiug im- peded by the bar, which causes great inconvenience to passengers and shippers of cargo. The body of the man Page, drowned through the upsetting of the pilot boat on the bay, has not beoa lound, i lit re is mioiher and atf-tir ni connection with his drowning. The pilot station is situated on a rise naring a commanding view of the bay, and the wife of one of the crew witnessed the occurrence, and not being of a very strong mind before, Ibis took such an effect on her that she haB ever since been quite a lunatic, and has to be kept nnder reitraint by her husband ano friends day und night, Bjrt Macquarie, 8th April, le82. CASSILIS. An inquest was held on the 29th March, touching the death of Thos Deeks. It was postponed to Wednesday, April 5th, when the inquest was re- sumed. The accused, Thos. Egan, who caused the death of Thos. Deeks, appeared in custody. The Coroner, W. F. Parker, Esq., P.M., before resuming business, discharged him, and then told him he would be required as a witness. The decision of the jury, after the evidence had been taken, would then determine him (the Coroner) what to do.—Pk. Egan was called, who deposed he recollected the night of the 28th ultimo; he was sitting with his brother Thomas, and Michael Ronan, outside his father's residence, about eight o'clock at night ; an opossum- like noise proceeded from a stump, enveloped in suckers, distance about 75 yards off; my brother Thomas said he would get his shooting stick, and shift it, whatever it was; Thomas then went inside, came out with a gun in his hand a few moments after, and started for the direction of the before- mentioned stump ; when he had got a little distance off I called out, oh, it is only the poodle dog; I don't know whether my brother heard me; a few moments after the gun was fired; about two minutes after that Thomas sang out, bring some water ; I started for the scene, and got half-way, when my brother sang out, I've shot Tom Deeks; I then went and brought water; I spoke to Deeks, and asked him had I better go for the doctor; he said yes; Thomas had then started, and by the time I had reached my father's residence had the horse caught for me; I then started to Merriwa, and brought back Dr. Wilson. By Sergeant Hashard; I had no conversation with my brother about the accident when I got the horse from him to go for Dr. Wilson; the gun was the property of Wil- liam Deeks.—Michael Ronan deposed : I am a labourer, tending at Bow Creek ; I know deceased about seven years ; I recollect being at Mr. Egan's on the early part of the night of the 28th ultimo ; I was in company of Patrick and Thomas Egan ; some short time after Mr Egan, sen., came out, then Mrs. Egan after that again came out, and said to her sons, is it not time to go to bed ; Thomas Egan replied, plenty of time, I'm not sleepy; this must have been after nine o'clock ; a noise like that made by an opossum came from the direction of the barn ; Thomas Egan said, I will get the shooting stick, and soon shift whatever it is ; Thos. then went inside, and immediately returned with what appeared to be a shooting stick in his hand ; he then proceeded to the spot from where we first heard the noise; the noise was again re- peated ; I thought it came from the poodle ; I sang out to him, come back, it is only the poodle ; I don't think he heard me, as he kept walking on; I turned to speak to P. Egan, when I heard the report of a gun ; a few moments after I heard Thos. Egan sing out Pat, Pat, come quick ; we both ran up ; Thos. said, go back and get some water ; I heard him mention the words Thomas Deeks ; Pat ran back for water ; I went to stump and saw Thos. Deeks in a sitting posture on his heels; I heard him say, "Oh Ghost;" William Deeks was standing by him ; I took off my handkerchief and tied it around the head of deceased ; he said, don't squeeze it too tightly; Pat. Egan said, had he better go for a doctor ; I said yes, as quick as he could ; I asked deceased if he was much hurt; he replied, "Yes, I reckon ; Tom Egan ought to have known it was me, as I hissed at him;" Thos. Egan, the accused, said to me if I wanted anything to call him, as he could not bear looking at the injured man ; he went away; I called out to him to bring a cup of water and a cloth, which were brought; I gave deceased a slight drink ; Thos. Egan, before he went away, again said to deceased, Tom, will you ever forgive me ; deceased made no reply; I then remarked to deceased, you will soon be all right again; he said, "I reckon not ; my God, I can't stand it," then seemed to faint away; I then held him in my arms for a good while ; he spoke no more; Mr. Egan, senr., then came, and said be would go over to White's ; he seemed very much excited, and wanted to know where the gun was ; I told him not to mind the gun, but go to White's ; Mr. White and two sons came half an hour after ; deceased was then alive, but was insensible, and had a continual gurgling in his throat up to the time he died. By Sergeant Hashard : When I first arrived at Egan's, Patrick Egan asked me where the "talent" was; I replied, I do not know what you mean, he then said, the Deeks ; I said they were at home, and very likely in bed. Coronor then told the jury they were at liberty to ask the witness any questions.—Thomas Egan then deposed : I am son of William Egan, of Kelloc ; I reside with my father ; I know deceased 4 years; I am 17 years of age; the occurrence took place on Tuesday night, 28th March last; I was at home that evening ; I first saw deceased between nine and ten p.m., and after I shot him, he was down behind a bush about filty yards from house ; my brother, Michael Ronan, and I were sitting down outside when I heard a strange noise in the direction of barn ; I then said I would go and get the shoot- ing-stick and see what it was ; I went inside and got William Deek's gun, and proceeded in the direc- tion of barn ; I heard the same noise repeated ; I then saw a cat or small dog come from barn towards the bush, where afterwards saw deceased lying ; I then cocked the gun and walked to within twenty paces of the bush ; I saw something in the bush; I approached within ten yards, and fired ; I imme- diately heard a noise like the spouting of blood or water ; I went up to the spot ; I found Deeks there lying; I can't remember whether I picked him up or whether he got up himself ; I noticed blood spouting from his forehead ; I put both hands on his forehead and tried to stay the blood; he said, " O Ghost, what made you do that;" I said "I did not know it was him there;" he said, " Did you not hear me hissing at you ;" I then called my brother and Mick Ronan ; I think they asked me what was the matter ; I said I've shot Tom Deeks ; I asked Ronan for his pocket handkerchief ; he said he had none; I then told him to bring water and cloths ; I then ran down and caught a horse close to house ; I asked Wm. Deeks to go for a doctor; he said that he had better go home; I saw my brother Pat coming towards me with a saddle, and placed it on the horse I had caught ; I said I will go for a doctor ; he said I will go ; I then went to the scene of accident ; Ronan asked me to bring him some calico and some water; I did so ; I told Ronan I could not bear to stop any longer, if he wanted me to call me ; I then got a horse and started for Merriwa; I passed Dr. Wilson and my brother near Mr. Charles Gallagher's ; one of them whistled to me to come back ; I rode on to Singleton and told my sister the whole story of accident ; she advised me to go back home ; I then rode down the street, and afterwards returned to my sister; she asked me to stop all night ; I then told her I would go back home on Friday ; on Thursday I was informed that sergeant Hickey I then went down the street to meet him ; I saw him in company with my sister ; I was then arrested.— By Sergeant Hashard : I loaded the gun about four o'clock in the afternoon with No. 2 shot ; I now think the noise was made by the deceased, and not by any animal; we never had a quarrel, but were intimate friends.—Sergeant Hashard deposed on oath : I am sergeant of police, stationed at Merriwa ; on Wednesday morning, about 5 a.m, Dr. Wilson called at the police station, and from what he told me I proceeded to Mr. W. Egan's place at Kelloc ; I saw the deceased Thos. Deeks lying on his back, dead ; his body was clad, and covered over with a sheet ; the body was on a sofa in a back room ; I examined it, and found it punctured, apparently with gunshot ; [the sergeant here described the parts minutely]; I examined a certain spot pointed out to me as being the scene of the accident; I saw blood on ground, pillows saturated with blood, and a double-barrelled gun, which I now produce (gun produced) ; left barrel was discharged ; the right was loaded with No. 2 shot ; Mr. Egan, son., said it was William Deeks's ; on finding Thos. Egan had absconded, I applied for an adjournment of inquest, and then wired to Singleton to have Thos. Egan ar- rested.—T. E, Wilson then deposed, on oath : I am a legally qualified medical practitioner, residing at Merriwa; on the night of the 28th March last Patrick Egan came to me and reported that a young man named Deeks had been shot at his father's residence ; I proceeded there at once ; I arrived about half-past 12 at Kelloc, and was conducted to a spot near the house, and there saw deceased Thos. Deeks lying dead behind a cluster of suckers growing from a stump; the body was covered with a blanket ; I made an examination, and found the head, eyes, forehead, face, chest, abdomen, and testicles had been perforated with gun-shot ; I saw no wounds on the back part of the body, nor any evidence of vio- lence ; I inserted probe into wounds which I thought would have a fatal effect, viz, the forehead, the probe entered readily through the skull a sufficient depth to show both its tables had been penetrated as far as the brain ; the body was very far advanced in a state of decomposition, death was caused by compression of brain resulting from intercranial hemorrhage produced by gunshot.—The Coroner then said this was the whole of the evidence for the jury, who then retired for a few minutes. They then re- turned with a verdict of accidental shooting, but added that Thomas Egan ought to have been more careful, and satisfied himself what the object was before he fired. The Coroner quite agreed with the verdict, and sincerely hoped it would prove not only a warning to young Egan, but to every young man the danger of using in an indiscriminate manner such weapons of death. Here they had evidence of this young man sending his fellow-creature into eternity without much warning. The gentlemen who formed the jury were Messrs John Simmonds (foreman), Draper, Lawrence, White, and Hall. Cassilis, April 8, 1882. YARRAMAN AND BLACKVILLE. Our publicans are contemplating such improve- ments as will bring their licensed houses up to the standard required by the new act. To Mr. Nicholl this will be no inconvenience, as be had serious thoughts some time past of making additions on account of his increase in business Mr. Pyke has established his branch store at Bun- della, and looks after it himself. His Yarraman business is under the supervision of Mr Hawker, who is much liked hereabouts. Things pastoral here and at Blackville do not wear the brightest aspect, but still no bones are broken yet, as this is a good herbage country. Rains even in the middle of winter will cause the country to be covered with good verdure, unlike parts destitute of herbage, and grass bearing only Death has been busy of late with its sickle, and has gathered under its sable wings two victims, both residents of Yarraman. The first was a Mrs Della, who had not been a long resident here. Sbe was attended in her last moments by Mrs. John Pen gally, who in the kindness ot her heart did all she could to alleviate her sufferings. Mrs. Della leaves a husband and family to mourn their loss The second victim was Miss Kate Cameron, a young lady who, by her unobtrusive conduct and many virtues, was esteemed by all, and was a great favorite with ber relatives, who are very numerous about here. Miss Cameron I think is one of a family of fourteen, and was the daughter of the late Mr Cameron, of Yarraman Creek, Her illness was of short duration Miss Cameron first complained on Sunday night or Monday morning, 20th March, of her illness. A messenger was sent to Coolah for a doctor, who was unable to come. Dr. Davies, of Quirindi, was then sent for, with a like result. She was conveyed to Quirindi on Wednesday, 29th, by Mr John Pengally, in his buggy. At this time she was past all human aid, and shortly after her ar- rival she died. The cause of death was constipation. News was telegraphed to her other relatives at Boggabri Mr. J. Pengally very kindly cenveyed her body back to Yarraman to his own residence, that being nearer lo the cemetery than that of the family. Her funeral took place on Friday, the 3lst; the procession was very large. Mr. Done read the Church of England burial service, his splendid into- nation made a profound impression, causing not a few to have tearful eyes. It is to be hoped Mr. Done will be spared a long time to perform the burial service in the absence of a clergyman here. Speaking of clergyman, 1 think it is a pity one could not be permanently supported here. Perhaps such scandalous desecrations of the Sabbath would not be so rampant. I noticed, on Sunday, the 25th, a lot of young men opposite the hotel on the Black- ville side ot Yarraman, indulging in jumping and other athletic sports. To do justice to mine host he attempted to restrain them on seeing your correspondent, by telling them such conduct would be exposed publicly, but I suppose some of them had too thick a coat of bluestone to heed any remarks made by their worthy friend. A few days' hilarity were kept up at Blackville lately on the departure of nu exceedingly esteemed gentleman. It is not unhkelv it will "be an expensive convivial meeting to some. Mr. Constable Spalding is spoken vory highly of. I understand Mr J. P. Abbott intends doing some- thing that will advance him in the force. Merit is deserving of reward Much amusement is caused on the Plains here at Mr. J. P Abbott's well-deserved repartee at the late Quarter Sessions held at Murrurundi. The Crown Prosecutor, during the trial of a horse stealing case, pointed the improbability of n person going to a selector for hospitality while Mr So and so's station was close at hand. Mr Abbott said it showed bow ignorant the learned Prosecutor was of what he was talking about, as the gentleman mentioned was pro- verbially known on both sides of the range. The public fully endorse Mr Abbott's remarks, as it is a well known fact the squatter has even prevented people getting a drink from a creek waterhole, although living within a stone's throw. Hospitality forsooth Mr. Crown Prosecutor, you will have to do a bit of travelling yet if you want to cram the member for Liverpool PIains. There is something wrong m our postal commu- nication somewhere, it is not as it ought to be. A letter and paper were duly posted in Merriwa dis- trict addressed to Mr. Wm. Nicholl, of Yarraman, They never came to hand. Are there paper stealers or letter pryers anywhere. The Misses Hawker have established a ladies' school at Blackville, music and other accomplish- ments are taught. It is to be hoped these ladies will be well supported, so as to offer a sufficient inducement for their permanent stay here. Such a chance for educating young ladies readily may not present itself again. April 8 NEWCASTLE. (Herald of Tuesday) The public of Newcastle and the older residents especially, will learn with regret of the decease of Mr John Bingle on Monday morning, shortly after 8 o'clock. The time honored name of Bingle will be long remembered as that of the first pioneer in the coal trade of Newcastle. Mr John Bingle arrived here not less than 60 years ago, and at that distant period of time began to lay the foundation of a trade in our staple commodity, which was afterwards ably established by others of the early pioneers. Mr Bingle passed peacefully away in the bosom of his family, having reached within a month the patriar- chal age of 8o years 