ARRIVAL OF THE MAIL. HOME CORRESPONDENCE. rFrom our own Correspondent.! London, November 17. THE CLOTTJKE. ihe new rales 01 procedure nave closely engaged the attention of the House of Com mons during the last fortnight, and certainly the greatest: stickler for free speech 'cannot auege teat tney are Doing nuxnea tnrougn the House ?without ampte discussion. The place of leader of the Opposition has virtually been taken by Lord Randolph Churchill, who, like the other members of the Fourth Party, has placed a targe number of amend menta on the Xotioe-paper. Poor Sir Stafford Northcote is not really to blame for his ?srant of energy at the present time. He is in failing health, and unable to apply himself to continuous public labour. His friends are getting anxious lest he should break down altogether, and Ions before thi3 reaches you he will, I hope, be enjoying the reviving effects of sea breezes in tne Mediterranean. Returning to the proceedings of Parliament, I must express my conviction' that no subject iras ever more exhaustively discussed in the House of Commons than the clC'urt. In fact, the arguments pro and can vrere so painfully reiterated that the members who -were com pelled to listen to them made no attempt _ to conceal their distrust at the manner in which the timers the House- was wasted. Yet this waa not altogether the fault of the malcon tents. Ths discussion of the cttture. was prolonged by at least a day in consequence of the Government being unwilling to allow the division to take place on the night o£ tho Lord Mayor's banquet ft or can it be Eaid that the extra night was unprqfitably spent. Mr. Cowen delivered an oration worthy of the best and most venomous days oi the late Mr. Roebuck. He attacked the Premier, the Liberal party, and the caucus ; he did every thing,- in fact, bat show how obstruction und mere licence of tongue could bo con trolled without the application, in some form or other, of the principle of the cttture. Nevertheless, his speech was a remarkable rhetorical performance, and wound the Con servative party up to such a pitch of enthusiasm tha. when he sat down Mr. Goratj Mr. Ashmead-Bartlett, and Sir Henry Wolff crossed the floor of the House and warmly shook hands with him. They were a good deal laughed at for their pains, bnt at all events they showed grateful appreciation for the service which had been tendered to ths Tory party by the Radical member for Newcastle. Mr. fciextoa made a bitter attack on the moderate Irish party, and indulged in offensive allusions to the Sadleirs and Keoghs of a past generation. This brought up Sir Patrick O'Brien, a genuine representative of the old humorous and convivial class of Irishmen which is now almost extinct. After referring to the things that Irish members who sat on the Ministerial Bide of the House had beep accused of doins:, he said: — 'Let him mention one thing they had never done. They never appealed to a foreign country for money to pay them and. keep them.' This was a home -thrust which the House thoroughly enjoyed. Sir Stafford Northcote's amendment for the rejection of the first resolution (that is the cloture) was lost by a majority of forty -four. The Government obtained a much larger majority than they anticipated, and the Conservatives were wof ully disappointed, seeing that they had hoped to reduce the majority to fifteen. THE SECO:n- RTiXE. Having disposed of this vital question the House proceeded to consider the second rule proposed by Mr. Gladstone: — 'That no motion for the adjournment of the House shall be made before the Orders of the Day or notices of motion have been entered upon, except by leave of the House, the granting of rach leave, if disputed, being determined upon question put forthwith ; but no division shall be taken thereupon unless demanded by forty members rising xn their places, nor until after the questions on the Notice-paper have been disposed of.' Great reluctance was shown by the House to part with a privilege which, though often abused, has yet on many occasions proved of great service to the country, and a stroug desire was also evinced on both sides of the House to give small minorities some chance of moving the adjournment of the House when they felt it to be their duty to raise questions of pnblic importance. I pass over the numerous discussions that took place on minor points, because the essential fact to be stated is that the Government accepted an amendment moved by Mr. Henry Fowler to the effect that a motion for adjournment should be allowed when forty members stood up in their places to support the request. It will be seen that this sub stantially secures the rights of minorities, although, of course, it sometimes happens that a minority consists of a much smaller group than forty members. In the interest of tEeae small minorities, Lord Randolph Churchill proposed that if ten members rose in their places they should be entitled to demand a division. This amendment was accepted by the Government; but, of course, it will be of no practical advan tage, except as enabling a handful o£ members to make a demonstration of their opinions. During the discussion on the Becond resolution the only striking digression had reference to the so-called liilmainham Treaty. Lord E. Churchill took occasion to refer to this alleged compact, which drew from Mr. Gladstone a challenge to the Oppo sition to more for an enquiry. This the latter were nothing loth to accept, and it really Beems as if this little warm passage of arms would actually lead to the appointment of a Committee to enquire into the bargain which Mr. Parnell is alleged to have made with the Government. I need not say that there was ao treaty or compact in the sense of Con servative imputations : but I believe that Mr. Parnell wrote several letters besides the one that Captain O'Shea has made public, and that these letters were intended to prepare the way for an understanding between the Government and the Irish party. THE CHAIRMAN OF COMMITTEES. The third rule as proposed was as fol lows: — 'That when a motion is made for the adjournment of a debate or of the House, during any debate, or that the Chairman of a Committee do report progress or do leave the chair, the debate thereupon shall be strictly confined to the matter of such motion ; and no member, having spoken to any such motion, shall be entitled to move or second any similar motion during the same debate or during the same sitting of the Committee.' As was to be expected, advantage was taken of the reference in this rule to the Chairman of Committees to make an attack on Dr. Lyon Playfair, whose, feud with the Par nellites the members of the Fourth Party have contrived to make their own. Mr. Glad stone, however, turned the tables upon the Conservatives by calling marked attention to the statements of the late Conservative whip (Sir William Hart Dyke) that he was con Btantly in the habit of communicating to the ex-Chairman of Committees (.Mr. Raikes) the wishes of the Prime Minister. If this statement were true, and the Chairman of Committees allowed himself to be made the tool of the Govern ment of the day, it would be high time for the House to consider whether, in respect to the rules of procedure, the Chairman should be placed on the same footing as the Speaker. Mr. Gladstone did not take upon himself to say what Mr. Raikes had done, but he de clared that 'in that practice he (Mr. Raikes) was without a predecessor and without an imitator, and that no whip had ever done it before him, and none had ever done it after him.' Mr. Raikfi3 himself declared that the pressure described by Sir William Hart Dyke had never been applied to him, and that Mr. Disraeli never interfered with him but once, and that was to tell him that the Secretary of State for the Home Depart ment should be styled bv the Chairman 'Mr. Secretary Cross.' Mr. Raikes said that he -declined to act upon this hint, be cause in this as in other matters he preferred to be governed by the example and practice of Mr. Speaker. THE FOUP.XH AND FIFTH ECXSS. The whole of last evening was occupied with a discussion on these two rules. The Erst prevents the unnecessary multiplication of divisions by enablinc the Speaker or the Chairman to call upon the members challeng ing a division to rise in their places, and if they do not exceed twenty, giving him the power to declare forthwith the determination of the House or the Committee. Rule six declares that ' Mr. Speaker or Chairman of the Committee may call thi attention of the House or of the Committee to continued irrevelance or tedious repetition on the part of a member, and may direct the member to discontinue his speech.' This alarmed the bores, and Eome of them made ineffectual efforts to obtain a modification of the rule. But the House was inexorable, and an amend ment proposed by Mr. Gibson was rejected by a majority of considerably more than two to one. THE LOED MAYOR'S FEOCESSIOJ? .VS~D BANQUET. The Lord Mayor's procession on Novem ber 9 attracted as large a crowd as ever. If was once more made ridiculous by the intro duction into it of a circus element in the shape of knights, who were arrayed in the most trumpery tinsel, and who rode cream coloured hors'es which had obviously been hired from some travelling equestrian esta blishment. As usual, the interest centred in what was said and done at the Ouildhill; but the Lord Mayor's guests were doomed to disappointment, lor the Ministerial speeches contained nothing in the nature of either a revelation or a surprise. How the Dianer Committee disposed of all their guests is a perfect mystery save to the ini tiated. A large number of members of Parliament always receive invitations to i this banquet owing to their official con nection with the City, or to some ether cause ; but as Parliament ca a rule never sits in November, many of these invitations are usually not accepted. This year, however, the autumn session has brought everybody to town, and the Dinner Committee were alarmed to find that among the guests they were compelled to invite there would hardly be any absentees. A day or two before the banquet they had mortgaged every available seat, but they still had to n'nd room for thirty persons whose name3 were down on the list. How they managed to squeeze these people in I do not know, but I suspect that a raid had to be made on the places reserved for membera of the Court of Common Council. The Liberal party are making steady progress in the City. Tlie Liberal Aldermen now number eleven, their Conservative brethren being only one ahead of them. Mr. Gladstone, therefore, was received with quite as much enthusiasm as Lord Beacons neld was during the famous ' peace with honour' epoch. As he walked up the stately reception chamber to the dais on which the Lord Mayor and Lady Mayoress stood the plaudits were loud and long-contiauei, and when he entered the great common hall there needed no fugleman to lead off the cheers for the most popular statesman of the day. I feel constrained to say that although his speech contained no remarkable disclosure of policy it was the only one worth listening to. His voice penetrated through the vast area, and Ma impressive and eloquent language fully realized the anticipations which his uprising always awakens in his audience. The poor Lord Mayor was inaudible, and might have been, so far as the majority of the assembly were concerned, a deaf mute. It is impossible that his speeches could have been reporled at all, if copies of them had not be'en furnished to the Press. Unfortunately Lord Mayor Knight has long been an invalid, and is still in a weak state of health ; ana the lines which a wit in the House of Com mons ha3 written on the Lord Mayor's banquet axe really more applicable to the present ocenpant of the civic chair than their writer imagined they could be : — Those joyous proceedings if studied aright Are a compound of pleasure and care ;? For 'tis jolly enough to carouso frith Mayor-Knight, But afterwards causes the ' night mare. ' For the first time in the recollection of the oldest member of the Corporation there was witnessed the strange spectacle of a Minister of the Crown reading his speech to the com pany in tho Gnildhall. Mr. Childers, in returning thanks for the army, unfolded his manuscript, and read ife in the monotonous style with which one is so painfully familiar in church. Why so practised a speaker aa the Secretary of State for War should have made so singular an innovation is certainly very perplexing, and I cao. only suppose that he was unable to trust himself to re member that portion of his speech in which he referred to the battles which, like that of Tel-el-Kebir, were fought on the 13th of September. Many people are now asking whether Alderman Knight will be the last of the old Lord Mayors, and whether the Government will succeed next year in passing their long-promised measure for the reform of the Corporation of London. It is not sur prising that the Aldermen next in succession to the civic chair are growing nervous lest their prescriptive rights should be sacrificed. THE PRESTOS ELECTION. There is not much to engage the attention of the political world just now besides the proceedings of Parliament, but two or three elections of an extremely interesting character are impending. Mr. Raikes, who was Chairman of Committees of Ways and Means in. the last Conservative Parliament, has resigned his ssat at Preston in order to stand for the University of Cambridge. In taking this step he has greatly offended a section of his party, who object to Preston being involved in ail the turmoil of a con tested election in order that Mr. Raikes may gratify his personal ambition ; and Mr. Gorst, a member of the Fourth Party, and also a native of Preston, has given expression to this feeling in- a very clever but extremely discourteous epistle. Mr. Hanbury, who rivalled Mr. O'Sullivan in being the tallest man in the last Parliament, has presented himself to the constituency as the official Conservative candidate. He is a master in the art of Parliamentary Billings gate, and would therefore impart strength to an element which is already too powerfully represented in the House of Commons. But Mr. Hanbury is encountering formidable op position in the person of Mr. Tomlinson, who, although a favourite with the Conservative working men of the town, has been re peatedly shelved by the wire-pullers of the party in order to make way for a candidate of their own choice. Mr. Tomlinson has pledged himself to go to the poll. RETIREMENT OF AS OLD STATESMAN. Mr. Spencer Horatio Walpole, who has retired from public life at the age of seventy six after a Parliamentary career of thirty-six years, is one of the most respected members of the Conservative party. Dignified in appearance, academic in tastes, and tho roughly high-minded, he will long be missed in the House of Commons, although his claim to a place in history rests upoa the part he took as Home Secretary in connection with the suppression of the Hyde Park Reform note about sixteen years ago. He was so much affected at the prospect of bloodshed that when a deputation from the Reform League waited upon him he was affected to tears. Mr. Raikes, whom the Conservative party have chosen to be their candidate for the representation of the University, is m every respect inferior to Mr. Walpole, except that, like him, he has acquired a great know ledge of the forms and business of the House of Commons, and is well qualified to preside over the House in Committee. The Liberal party have no chance of wresting the seat from the Tories, but they have brought out a good candidate in the person of Pro fessor James Stuart, the great teacher of mechanical science, whose Liberalism is of an advanced type, and who is also an admirable public speaker. Professor Stuart will make a good fight, and show that if the Liberal members of the University are in a minority the case would be otherwise if the election depended upon the votes of the residential electors— the mea who by their teaching and management make the Uni versity what it is. SALISBURY AND WIGAX. An interesting election is pending at Salis bury, where Mr. Grenfell finds it neces sary to solicit re- election because he has accepted the position of a groom-in-waiting to the Queen. Salisbury, although a cathedral city, returned two Liberal members at the last election, a result due in no inconsiderable degree to the influence of the family of 'Mr. Faweett, the Postmaster General. At Wigan a new writ will shortly be issued. The Conservatives are endeavouring to secure the seat for Mr. Algernon Egerton, an ex-Lord of the Admiralty. The Liberals, on the other hand, have put forward the famous University ' coach,' Mr. Walter Wren, who, like Mr. Jovncs, the Assistant-Master at Eton, is an advanced Radical. He sat for a short time in the present House of Commons, but was unseated on petition. A NEW LIBERAL CLUB. The Liberal party have given further proof of their vitality at the present juncture by holding a meeting at the Westminster Palace~Hotel to inaugurate a new National Liberal Club. Lord Northbrook presided, and Lord Eartington, Sir William Harcourfc, and many other persons of influence took part in the proceedings. This Club, curiously enough, has grown out of the collapse of the ' Century' some years ago, the most popular of conversational Clubs. The ' Century' was not ostensibly based upon any poli tical platform, but, nevertheless, there was a tacit understanding that only very pronounced Liberals should be elected members. This led to Lord Lome being blackballed, and to the exclusion of many other candidates who fell short of the required test. The new Club is designed for the special convenience of prominent Liberals, who nave shown their enthusiasm for Mr. Gladstone by proposing to establish a Glad stone Library in connection with the Club. I may add that in proportion as the Century lost its hold upon the educated members of the party, the Cosmopolitan, which elects men without reference to their political opinions, grew in popularity. The Prince of Wales is a member ; and twice a week in its pleasant rooms many of the_ foremost men of the country assemble for social converse. A CHRISTIAN CONFERENCE. A meeting of considerable interest has just been held in London under the name of the ' Christian Conference.' It is really a unique attempt to bring together men of widely different religions views for purposes of dis cussion—perhaps even to prepare the way for greater co operation on their part in theolo gical matters. There were present repre sentatives of the High Church and the Broad Church parties, and of every section of Non conformists, including the Unitarians. The catholicity of the movement cannot be better shown than by the fact that Dr. James Marti neau, the well-known Unitarian minister, presided, and that the Pu;v. Newman Hall, an orthodox ConKregationalist, sat next to a High Churchman of advanced views. The subject of discussion was the treatment of non - Christian races by Christian nations, this thesis being elucidated by papers of remarkable ability and interest, which were read by Mr. Henry Richard, the Rev. J. T. Lawrence, a Hertfordshire clergy man, and the Ref. Malcolm MaccolL I refer to this meeting more particularly because Mr. Lawrence, 'in his paper, gave an account of some fearful atrocities which, according to one of our leading journals, have been per petrated on the_ natives of Queensland. A good deal of feeling was excited in the meet ing by this story. Sir Bartle Frere, however, cast Eome discredit upon it, and urged that it waa improbable that the colonists would remain passive spectators of such barbarities if they had actually occurred. In the subse quent discussion it was stated that these deeds were committed chiefly by native mounted police, and that in Northern Queensland acts of indiscriminate slaughter not unfrequently took place. ATTACK ON AN IRISH JUDGE. We have been congratulating ourselves lately on the rapid diminution of crime in Ireland. Unfortunately the attempt which has lately been made to assassinate an L-i3li Judge shows that the most lawless spirits in that country, although checked, have not been subdued. On Saturday evening last, just after dark, Mr. Justice Lavs-son wa3 pro ceeding on his way to dine with the benches of King's Inn, accompanied by his son, when McDonnell; one of two army pensioners who have recently followed his footsteps, in addi tion to his former body guard of a pair of detectives, became suspicious that the Judge was being dogged by a man whose pace for some distance showed that he desired to keep up with the party. McDon nell had hardly acknowledged the impression to himself when the man made a rush across the street, which brought him face to face with tho Judge, and at the same moment put his [hand [in hi3 breast pocket. In an in stant the pensioner darted between the two, seized the hand with an iron grip, and hurled the man to the ground. The hand was found to contain loaded a six-chambered revolver of the moBt expensive kind, and the pockets of the man were charged with cartridges ;orre Buonding to those m the weapon. So rapid were the movements of McDonnell that the intending assassin had not the time to struggle Before he was effectually disarmed and taken into secure keeping by the two detectives who hastened to assist in his capture. The scene occurred in a well lighted thoroughfare called Kildare-street. The man, on being interrogated at the Police Station, at first gave the name of Corrigan, but being confronted with certain police officers who recognised him, admitted his identity with Patrick Delany, an ex-convict, who since his liberation ha3 followed the trade of a carpenter, although he declines to answer any questions connected with his Eresentposition. The costly revolver which e carried forbids the idea that the crime attempted was his own private and unautho rized undertaking. Judge Lawson slipped quietly into his Club, and was so little affected by his escape that, with perfect Belf-possesion, ho presently proceeded to keep a dinner engagement. THE MUEDEE OF THE JOYCE FAMILY. If the security of society has been vindi cated by the capture of .Delany, justice has reason to be satisfied by the conviction of Patrick Joyce, the miscreant principally con cerned in the murder of an entire family named Joyce in Ireland, under circumstances which I described a short time ago. An attempt was made by the counsel for the defence to change the venue from Dublin to the remote district where the crime was per petrated, but this was. of course, disallowed. It will be remembered that on the morning of the 18th of August the inhabitants of the village of Maamtrasna woke up to the dis covery that six of their immediate and in offensive neighbours were lying about their poor dwelling in a weak or dying condition, covered with wounds inflicted by bludgeons and pistol-shots. The oldest victim was a grandmother eighty years old, and the youngest a little child between nine and ten. JThi3 last is the sole survivor. His little head was horribly beaten, and the ruffians pro bably thought him completely done for, but he has been well attended and is now par tially recovered. The poor boy was brought into Colrt and placed on a table, from whence he looked shylv round at the curious scene, -md was met on every side by pitying faces, but unfortunately hia mind was a blank on the subjects of religion and the nature of an oath, and his evidence could not be received. There were ten men concerned in these murders, and this arrest took place upon the depositions of the relations of the murdered family, who followed them at a safe dis tance and saw some of them enter the doomed house. These thirteen persons and the family of six victims make an . aggregate of nineteen souls, of whom eighteen have but two surnames. Joyce and Casey, between them. It was known at the outset of the trial that one of the men arrested, Anthony Philbin, had become an approver, and was preparedto give evidence completely corroborating that of the Joyce witnesses ; but additional sensation was created on the second day by the appearance in the witness box of another oi the prisoners, Thomas Casey, brother-in-law of Philbin, whose depo sition, like that of the other four, was absolutely strightforward. Neither of the approvers took any part in the massacre, and both confess that they had spoken out in order to save their own lives. The defence set up was that the three Joyce witnesses were more likely to be the real assassins than tne men in custody, and a quarrel which had taken place between Anthony Joyce and the ringleader of the murderous party, Patrick Joyce, was assigned as the cause of a mali&nant; feeling in the witness's mind against the accused. With a view to confirm the impression the second witness for the defence, Michael Casey, brother of the murdered wife, was called, ana desired to tell whether he had heard Anthony Joyce say anything about the prisoner Patrick. The reply took away the breath of the defending counsel. ' Yes,' answered the witness, 'he said he ought to be sworn against because he committed the murder.' Mr. Stritch, in speaking for the prisoner, might well call this unexpected answer ' an uniortunate incident.' The prisoner was found guilty and sentenced to death. Mr. Justice Barry, in passing sentence, was over come by emotion, and the only person in Court who did not show signs of breaking down was the prisoner himself. The two men who planned this cruel assassination — leading members of a secret Society— arc still at large. me. tensyson's new play. The leading literary topic of the hour is the complete failure of Mr. Tennyson's new prose drama, 'The Promise of May,' brought out on Saturday night with every advantage that good acting, fine scenery, and a highly cultured audience could bring to bear upon it. Bnt there are special features attending the fate oi this particular piece, which separate it from all other unfortunate plays by successful poets, who, with a few shining exceptions, do not add to their laurels when they take to writing for the stage. It is an accepted fact that Tennyson's genius does not fie in the direction of dramatic climax, and those who know and love his works best have ceased to believe that he will ever produce an acting piece containing the essential elements of wide popularity. But they did look for an idyllic prize poem in dialogue which would at least secure a first night's favourable reception. That this hope was not realized arises less from the want of those strong situations and other accessories to footlight triumphs, the absence of which the public were prepared to excuse, than from the ex istence of qualities which they did not expect and were in no mind to tolerate. All who have read the laureate's later poems have seen that he is at direct issue with the agnostic tendencies of the age. It is this antagonism which is the prime factor in his new play, breathing through a very loosely constructed plot, founded on a repulsive in cident, and which, taken as a whole, lacks vital interest. The principal characters are two beautiful sisters, Eva and Dora, the children of a Lincolnshire farmer, a sturdy yeoman named Dobson, in love with Dora, and Philip Edgar, a philosophic roui, who has cast off the creed and moral code of his fathers as garments out of date. This last-named personage speaks a great deal, and indulges in monologues intended to illustrate the kind of doctrine promulgated by certain thinkers and writer? of very com prehensive iconoclasticism. His fine^speeches and town breeding captivate Eva's simple mind, and the first act closes in the dispair and flight of the betrayed girl, who is abandoned when she most needs comfort and support. The second act opens six years later. The lost sister is regarded as dead, and Dora lives unmarried with her blind and prematurely aged father, though her faithful Dobson perseveres in his attachment, when the destroyer of their peace returns to the scene of his crime slightly altered by time ; and being sentimentally touched by Dora's likeness to her sister, conceives the idea of settling quietly down in marriage with her. To this end ho assumes a new Christian name, and passes for a kinsman of Philip Edgar — a piece of deception which taxes to the last degree the credulity of the audience. A leading critic has suggested that a fine pcem of the 'Manfred' order might have been made out of these incidents, but they are not suited to domestic drama ; and when to the unpleasant dreary feeling excited thereby was added the sense on the part of the auditors that they were being schooled, not all the efforts of Mr. Charles Kelly and Mr. Herman Vezin could save the piece from failure. There wa3 a large attendance of the personal friends of Mr. Tennyson. Mr. Gladstone took his seat in the stalls, amid an outburst of cheering, just before the rising of the curtain. Mr. Tenny son's friends again and again made a rally, aud endeavoured to overpower the popular voice, but the pit laughed and the gallery yelled, and at last the handful of scholars and aitists bowed their heads to the storm. The fact is that the public will not tolerate long prosy speeches even from Mr. Tennyson, THE SECULARISTS AND TENNYS0N. Such was the history of the first night of 'The Promise of May.' During the next twenty-four hours some emendations were made in the play, and steps were taken to ensure the mere perfect working of the machinery. The ccnsiquence was that the second night's performance passed off without any un pleasant incident. The audience came with a full knowledge of the fact that the play was a failure, and therefore expectation was not roused to that pitch which causes disappoint ment to be all the more keenly felt. The people were apathetic ; but at all events they did not turn the theatre into a bear garden. On the third night there was a somewhat memorable incident. Lord Queensberry, brother of Lady Florence Dixie, who has just given the public a book on Zululand, as an agnostic was moved to indignation by tho revolting sentiments which the drama tist puts into the mouth of Philip Edgar. He stood up in a private box [and uttered his protest, and at a later stage of the proceedings he renewed his protest. Lord Queensberry must be a very impulsive young nobleman. The character of Tartuffe is well calculated to shock the sensibilities of a believer in the Christian religion ; but I never heard of any impetuous Christian interrupting the performance of Moliere's play at tho Adelphi, when Webster was wont to appear in the part, in order to express his horror at so gross a caricature of the religious profession. Lord Queensberry's denial proves nothing. Society will judge for itself what are the moral effects of atheism, and will perhaps lean to Mr. Tenny son's view, even though donbting the wisdom of his mode of dealing with the matter. THE BELT CASE. The extraordinary libel case of Belt versus Lawes was resumed on the 3rdinst., and is still going on. The plaintiffs case was con cluded two days since, after testimony had been borne by a number of gentlemen and some ladies to the genuineness of Mr. Belt's work. One of the witnesses was Mr. G. A. Sala, who, in addition to many other accom plishments, is an amateur modeller, and who declared that he watched Belt at work upon a bust of Lord Beaconsfield, and was struck with the freedom and effectiveness of his manipulations. ; Mr. Sala's testimony is next in importance b- that of the several working sculptors who gave apparently straight forward evidence that, though employed in Belt's studio, :they rendered only such service as all artists in hi3 line, having a large clientele, freely use without detriment to their reputation, and without which, indeed, their profession coujd not be carried on. An architect and art critic named Robinson also bore witness to having watched tho plaintiff at work upon a bust of himself, the growth of which he was quite able to observe, and to the hearing of an angry conversation that took place between Verheyden and Belt touching the money which had been paid, and the balance yet due on account of a parcel of cartoon drawings done by Verheyden, which Mr. Belt had the misfortune to lose. Tho sum paid for these designs is one of the strong points of the defence, Verheyden alleging that the two payments of £150 each, which he received within a few days, were in reality given as an honorarium for the successful design of the Byron memorial ; but that by agreement that subject was prudentially always named as. 'the lost cartoons.' Tho date of the payment corresponds with the acceptance of tne Byron design which Ver heyden claims, and Mr. Belt's position is that the acceptance of his model enabled him to compensate Verheyden for his Io3s. Mr. Russell, Q.C., the leading counsel for the defence, in his opening speech took the ground that from beginning to end Belt had no hand in the Byron memorial, that Ver heyden drew the design, and that_ there was a trap or sliding door in tho studio through which the same facile ' ghost' entered and departed while tho clay model was being developed. He, moreover, asserted that all the good work to which Belt's name is attached was the product of similar arrange ments, and accuses ihose assistants who have given evidence of a contrary kind of con spiring to build np a fame which had no right to exist. It is of course impossible just now to express any opinion on the subject one way or the other. The examination- in-'chief of Verheyden is now going on, and the case w^U last fully ten days more. . The .climax of interest will be reached when Mr. Belt has been shut into a room with four watchers two for either side-Hind set to work on a lump of wet clay, which he will be expected to mould into the likeness of Mr. Pagliatic It was expected that this ordeal should take place publicly, but Baron Huddlestop has declined to have the Court 'turned into a theatre' for any purpose whatsoever, ? \- THE RIOTS IN VIENNA. The disturbances in Vienna consequent upon the dissolution of the Shoemakers' Guild in that city are regarded in a very serious light, not only because there has been some blood shed and great alarm and distress excited, but because these riots confirm tho opinion held by many of those who habitually watch the course of events in Europe that Socialistic principles are deeply and broadly sown among the artisans of the Continent, and 'only wait opportunity to come to the surface in far more formidable guise than they have yet assumed. Shoe- makers are a traditionally radical and free thinking class, but it does not appear that they are altogether responsible for the events which have spread terror among the inhabi tants of the gayest city of Southern Europe. Their Guild was broken up by the police on account of the democratic speeches made at some of their gatherings, and they relieved their feelings upon this suppression of their brotherhood as an institution by parading the streets in bands or gangs, which, being largely composed of young workmen and apprentices, did not march quite silently or in strict military order. The quarters of the city where these processions took place are densely populated neighbourhoods, where the poor reside in high buildings containing many families under one roof, and affording almost unlimited reinforcements to any crowd that may happen to pass that way. Thus the demonstrating shoemakers were quickly joined by large numbers of working people of various trades, those who, like the shoemakers, had any grievance to complain of in the shape of an increased tax on their productions or what not, being naturally the first to turn out. The police authorities were slow to interfere, perhaps believing that the excitement would sooner die out if let alone, but the moving crowds grew more noisy and mischievous, and on the second or third day the strong arm was put in requisition. The mob turned savage at the attempt to disperse it, and, having no weapons of any kind, used fiats and flung stones. Thereupon the Uhlans and mounted police sit upon the people, driving them like sheep, and using their swords freely. The result of this mutual violence was that the day after the military interference the rioters were more numerous and more uproarious than before. Fresh crowds gathered in the worst streets of the city, in the vicinity of the old fortifications, which afforded cover for thousands who were enabled to pelt the police and soldiers at their discretion. These attacks elicited a reckless use of swords and staves from the emissaries of law and order, and much injury was inflicted on innocent people. But eventually the streets were cleared by an organized patrol, whose efforts were greatly assisted bv a terrific storm. As a belief exists in Vienna that the rising has been encouraged from without by Socialists of means and position, it is only fair to state that there is distress enough among the poor of the city to account for the movement. A SCANDAL IN PARIS. All Paris is ringing with the exploit of the pitrolcur, Prince Jule3 Camille de Polignac, an illegitimate son of a real scion of that great family, but entitled,. it would appear, under French law to the rank of Prince, because his father has formally recognised him as his son. It would probably have been far better for young Jules if he had never known the secret of his birth. His father, Prince Camille, was very much out at-elbows. He did not prosper under the Empire, and when the civil war broke out in the United States ho offered his sword to Jefferson Davis, who was not sorry to give a brigadier's commission to a French Impe rialist, who might help to awaken in Paris some of tho enthusiasm which La fayette excited in the same quarter for the Republic of Washington. _ Tho Con federates were defeated, and Prince Camille returned to his own country as poor as he left it. For some unexplained reason he always refused to marry the young lady with whom he eloped, although she belonged to a highly respectable family. She, however, was widely known as the Princess de Polignac, and achieved some reputation as an authoress. She gave her son Jules an excellent education, out, unfortunately, he never obtained a higher position in Paris than that of a fourth-class Bohemian littera teur. Meanwhile, his father obtained a lucrative Directorship, but was still poor, as he had to pay off some of the debts which he had accumulated during a long course of years. Young Jules now besought hi3 father's aid, which wa3 meagrely doled out to him in the shape of a few francs at a time. Exasperated at the Prince's want of gene rosity, the vonng man determined to be avenged, and obtaining access to his father's apartments he poured a quantity of petroleum on the drawing-room floor, and set fire to it. He made no attempt to escape, and, indeed, he carried in bis pocket a written confession of his crime. His chief object was by means of an oiytrage to call attention to his father's cruel disregard of parental feeling. No doubt there are many persons in France who will strongly sympathize with the young pitrokur, and even shed tears over bis misfortunes. It is worthy of remark that in politics he is an ' Anarchist,' and that he has often taken part in meetings called by the Anirchical party. This is a very forcible illustration of the fact that there is an intimate relation between the vices of the French aristocracy and the pcrty which wages war against order, ABABI PASHA. A fewmonths ago the Conservative part;- — or rather let me Fay its leading meinbew in both Houses of Parliament — were clamour-u^ for the overthrow of Arabi Pasha. The Government did not move fast enough fjr them. Mr. Gladstone and his colleagues were, in the Tory view, non-interventionists, ' peace-at-any-price men,' and fast tied to the chariot wheels of tho Brummagem caucus. Now the same Conservative leaders are among the stanchest supporters of whom Arabi can boast in this country. Mr. Bourke, late Under- Secretary for Foreign Affairs— with the sanction of his leader, Sir Stafford North cote— has given notice of a motion which declares that Arabi ought never to have been given up to the Egyptians ; aud every day Sir Henry * Wolff and other members of the Fourth Partv put questions to Mr. Gladstone or Sir Charles Dilke which show the most intrinsic anxiety on their part for the safety and just treatment of the Egyptian leader. It, is a gratifying— although an unusual — circum- stance to witness the eagerness with which the Conservatives have rushed I o the rescue of their own victim. Arabi seems to know all that i3 being done in his behalf in this country, and is wisely determined to take advantage of it to the full extent of his power. That he breathea more freely, and that in his case prison discipline is greatly relaxed, is shown by 'the touching letter which he has addressed to the Times. Tho letter is . something more than a dignified protest against the war which has over whelmed him aud the so-called National party. It is rea'lyan indictment of the Khedive. He says :— ' The war was in accordance with tho laws of God and man, consonant to a solemn decree of a Council under the presidency of the Khedive and Dervish Pasha, the Envoy of the Sultan.' The general opinion here is that if this be true and Arabi is tried, the K± --dive ought to stand by his side, a3 an accomplice in the rebellion against himself ; but I believe that the universal opinion amongst Englishmen is that, in order to put an end to a scandalous farce, the proceedings against Arabi ought to bo promptly stopped. Many are apprehensive lest the weight of the evidence should compel even his partial Judges to acquit him, and that thus he would be free to recommence his career in Egypt. They want tho English Government to resumo posf ession of their prisoner, and to ' interne' him in some British colonial fortress. ? 