SPORTING NOTES. 3x " Newmarket." The Melbounw Hunt Club Spring Meeting takes place to-day, and if the elements are at all propitious, there should be a large gather? ing at Flemington. There are seven interest ing events set down for diseusafon, including two Hurdle Races, two Steeplechases, and three Flat Races, which should furnish an afternoon's sport that should satisfy the greatest racing gourmand. The usual railway and omnibps arrangements will be observed, and the first race will start at 12.30 p.m. It is to be regretted that the attendance on Saturday last at the Elsternwick Trotting track was not larger, as the Victorian Trotting Club is a thoroughly wsll.organised institution, presided over by some of the beet sporting men in Melbourne, who have been most persistent in their endeavours to acclimatise trotting after the most ap proved American principles in Australia, but so far their efforts have not been adequately supported by thf public. The eport provided by the clnb on Saturday, though it may have been somewhat slower dhiB that supplied on some of the Yankee bracks, was moderately interesting, both the Maiden Trot and the Three-minute Glass (furnishing interesting struggles for the final heats. The performance of Bella Campbell, In the final heat of the former event, taking her baekward condition into account and the that she had travelled a considerable dfrtanee iu order to compete in the rao9, was wMt nceelient one:; and wfm &er; owner her into what our American cabins call proper fir," 6fce wiU knock a gopd any Jonds off her 2min. SOgsec. record. Ihamstood, the winner of the Tbrse ioptel OImm, is a useful-looking customer by Alarm, a son of Panic, who appears to possess the proverbial gam en ess of hie grand-sire. The next meeting of the V.T.G. will take plaoe in November, and as a really good programme has been pat forth, which will include a match between the colonial-bred celebrities, Wanderer and Brown Hawk, there is every reason to hope that the club will receive substantial recognition at tbe hands of the public. After the November meeting, I believe it is the intention of the committee of the V.T.G. to include fiat races and hurdle races in their programmes, and thus educate the public up to a taste for trotting, which, I think, is a move in the right direction ; and I venture to predict that if a bill of fare were drawn np 'containing a two-year-old Selling Stakes, half-mile ; One-mile Flat Baoe; two Trotting Races, one event each; and a Hurdle Race, one mile and a. half, the gatherings at Elsternwick Park would closely vie with those of the V.A.T.G. at Caulfield. On Monday last tbe weights were published for the V.A.T.C. October meeting. For the Hurdle Race, Dhurringhile is allotted premier position, with 12st 31b, but I prefer the ehauces of P.G., Coquette, Annie Laurie, and Lord of Clyde, to anything else. Left Bower headB the list in the Steeplechase, With I3st 41b, and even with that weight, he should be hard to beat. The most leniently treated hone in the race is Spring, with lOst 121b, and if he should go straight, the Ballarat stable have a good chance of landing another steeplechase. If The Ghost is in a trying humoor on the day, he Bhould be dangerous, with 7st 111b, in the Toorak Handicap. Ajax is allotted top weight in the Amateur Challenge Cup, but I don't think he' is quite as good now as he used to be. There fore, I shall look to Erin or Edith to appro priate Messrs. Wilson and Quirk's gold uujuiy. Trainers are beginning to amass their equine forces on the battle- ground at Flem ington. On Tuesday morning Howie's team, which comprises Suwarrow, Lothair, Eric- thoneous. Koh-i-noor, Kanaka, Chlorice, and Gipsy. King, arrived on the training-ground, ail looking well. On Thursday last Mr. Fennelly left Sydney overland for Melbourne, with Segenhoe, Hecia, Aberfoyle, and others of Mr. White's string. Since the A. J.C. Derby Segenhoe has been doing very well, and many hold the belief that he will avenge his defeat when next he meets Navigator. Grand Duchess has been scratched for al her engagements, and Topaz has been scratched for the Gaulfield Gup. Oalamia, the Melbourne Cup winner of 1878, is announced to stand at Willow Vale, Fern. tree Gully. Gaiamia is by Maribyrnong from Luna, and was an excellent performer over all distances on the turf. He has grown and thickened very much since he appeared in public, and shonld make a capital sire. Mr. W. E. Dakin will leave Adelaide to-day, with Sir Thomas Elder's horses. In another column, " Doable Event " an- nounces a monster sweep on the Melbourne Derby and Cup. Mr. Selman very properly discharged the boy Londonelly, who took advantage of the temporary absence of his employer, at Willow ale, and went to Ballarat, where he rods Bustard in the Selling Race, without his master's orders. Attention is directed to the programme of the Greswick Miners' Association Athletic Sports, which are to be held on the 26th Ostober. The second reading of the bill for the sup pression of sweeps and gambling was carried in the Assembly on Wednesday by a good majority. The sad death and largely-attended funeral of Mr. T. Wilson's son are thus pathetically , told by the Ballarat Star: — "We regret to record the fact that tbe yoang jockey, George Wilson, died at his father's residence, Dowling Forest, on Friday night, from the effects of the injuries he received on Friday whilst riding in the Maiden Handicap Steeplechase. The medical gentlemen who attended him considered the case hopeless from the first, as the lungs were badly ruptured, and the rthoflfc flflfl pfhfl tpmMv hrnioa TKo noma caused a profound sensation in the district, as the deceased, who was only twenty-four years of age, was much liked by all with whom he came in contact. The greatest sympathy is felt for the father, Mr. T. Wilson, who has been thus suddenly bereft. George was the second son, and rendered his father valuable assistance in the conduct of his establishment. The remains of the deceased were yesterday interred in the cemetery at Pound Hill, and the funeral cortege was the largest that has been seen in the district for many years, comprising about seventy vehicles, and over fifty horsemen. Amongst those who followed the hearse were Judge Trench, Mr. D. Brophy, M.L.A., Mr. Agar Wynne, Mr. James Baird, Mr. Gibbings, Mr. D. M'Phail, the members of the Hunt and Turf Club committees, and nearly all the leading bunting men of Ballarat. Amongst the mourners were the employes of Mr. T. Wilson, all of whom seemed to feel acutely the loss of their young and promising com panion. The pall-bearers were as follow : — Messrs. T. Corrigan, Dyke, Holgate, Miller, M. Loughlin, De Lancy Forth, R. Orr, and J, M'Kellar. It is with a feeling of pleasure that I hail the production of tbe second volume of the " Australian Stud Book," compiled by Mr. Archibald Yuille, of W. G. Yuille and Co. The work is most carefully compiled, and shows an inaraase of sixty-four pages over the first volume, whioh was published about four yeaTS ago, while, in addition to the great number of brooff mares whose pedigree and progeny are faithfully re corded long list of stallions importedinto Aus tralia is given. Special attention has been de voted to coloniaL-bred stallions, and Arab sires have not been overlooked. Considerable space has been allotted to tabulated pedigrees. The compiler, in bis address, directs attention to the valuable assistance he has received i from Mr, F. F. Dakin, who has been moat : untiring in his efforts to make the work a ; complete saocess. The task undertaken and | bo ably completed by Mr. Yuille might make him well feel proud of his labours, and the thanks of tbe entire racing community are due to him for the amount of energy, labour, and attention he has devoted to this valuable agd indispensable work. The expense of printing oat each a compilation as tbe one nnder notice is necessarily very large. There- ! fore, it behoves those who take an interest in the turf not to allow the laboure of tbe pains taking compiler to go unrewarded. To racing secretaries the " Sfcnd Book" will be found invaluable in supplying them with a ready means of settling any dispute that j may arise at their meetings. The letterpress has been executed in a masterly Btyle by the publishers, Messrs. Walker, May, and Co. It ie said that Mr. Maybridge, the well- known American " instantaneous photo grapher" of horses in motion, will contribute to the new pumber of Nature another curious suggestion in regard to " dead heats" in races. Hn maintains that there is no such thing as a " dead hsat," and proposes that an invisible thread should be stretched across the course of a race at the winning post. Whichever horse should cut the thread across would of course be the winner. He suggests, at the same time, that steps should be taken ' for instantaneously photographing the scene at the winning-post. The plate produced would be the real arbiter of the race in case of dispute. I As many think that Jim Tyson is Mr. ! Ivory's dark horse for the Gaulfield Cup, it will doubtless be interesting to know that i Mr. Ivory has disposed of both Gamecock and Jim Tyson to Mr. Underhill, Bega, at a satisfactory figure. m The Town and Country says : — " The j Australian Jockey Club have every reason to | be well satisfied with the late spring meeting, < seeing that they realised a profit of £1,874, j while the Sydney Tarf Club's balance ov'er the August meeting showed a profit of £244 for the one day s racing. j Piracy, who is suffering from a - severe attack of strangles, has been scratched j for the Melbourne Cop. Suwarrow, the winner of the Y.R.C. Derby of 1879, broke down badly on the training ground at Flemington on Wednes day morning, and was immediately scratched for all his Gaulfield and Fleming- ton engagements. Mr. Howie informs me that the son of Snowden and Phizgig first broke down while running for the Metro politan, hut that he patched him up and entertained hopes that the little grey would stand a preparation for the Caulfield Cup. : Such, however, was not to be, and, as already ! stated, the pen was promptly run through his name. Sawarrow, since his three-year- i old victories, has been a very disappointing horse, and though his accident is, o£ coarse, to be regretted, his withdrawal from the turf , will save the pockets of his credulous fol- , lowers. Messrs. William G. Yuille and Go. report having sold, on account of Mr. J. Redfern, ; the thoroughbred mare Kitchenmaid, by \ Yelverton, from Saucepan (dam of Haricot), to Mr. Samuel Gardiner ; on account of Mr. P. M'Caughan, Panacea, by Panic from Lily, : with foal by Spark, to Mr. Joseph Cripps; and . hay mare, four years, by Argus Scandal from Panacea, to Mr. Albert Selman. Also, on j account of Mr. C. B. Fisher, a bay mare by , Bewdon from Lady Pantaloon, to Mr. Albert Selman. ; A new field of labour has suggested itself , to the intelligent mind of the Ballarat lasses. ; At the Dowling Forest course last wees, j three rather gocd-looking, well-dressed young ; women were to be seen engaged in the festive occupation of running BhiUing sweeps on the : races, and investors were presented with a ! card, on which the names and addresses of : the fair promoters were printed. J The sum of £4,302 passed through the totalisator at the Adelaide Hunt Club Races on Saturday, and the dividends were : — Maidens, £3 13s. ; Gap, £2 lis. ; Fiat Race, 1 £2 Xos. ; Drag Cup, £3 16s. ; Hurdles, £1 16s. The dividend in the Hunters' Stakes ' was held over, pending the decision of a i protest against the winner, Hotspur, for noc ; being properly hunted. Howie, the trainer, has instructed his ' solicitors to institute proceedings against the Ballarat Courier , claiming £2,000 for libel. The proceedings arise out of a statement that Howie was an inmate of a Sydney lunatic ; asylum. I was speaking to Howie on ; Wednesday, and I don't think there is much ! ui bue uittun. auuutr uiui9 uui fcuaw, Utvb Uaultebj he knows a hawk from a hernshaw. From Mauritius, I learn the paradoxical intelligence that Bandalbion, a son of , Barbarian, who left here in charge of Joe ' Griffin, has won the Mauritius Maiden Plate, \ Seeing that Mr. Melhado's colt won two 1 races, besides the Queen's Birthday Stakes, j at the Melbourne Hunt Club Meeting last year, the intelligence does not seem to fit in. j The Wyndh&m; Racing Clnb held a meeting j on Wednesday, when a statement of the j club's financial position was read, which j shoved that the profits of the club for the > past season amounted to £360. After paying J off the liabilities, a small balance was left in | hand, and it was decided to hold the next j meeting on the 23rd December, when the following programme will be discussed : — ! Selling Handicap of 40 sovs., three quarters of a mile ; Hurdle Race of 40 sovs., two miles ; Summer Handicap of 60 sovs., one mile and a quarter ; Flying Handicap of 50 sovs., one miie ; and a Galloway Handicap of 40 sovs. The Victoria Amateur Turf Club have published a highly satisfactory balance sheet ' for the past year. The profits on the December, February, March, April, July, and August meetings amount to £1,590 3s. 3d. : This sum would probably have been increased j to over £2,000, only the date of tfie financial year terminated on the 31st August, instead of the 31st October, as in former years. After spending £1,323 10s. 4d. in improvements, I the clnb have reduced their liabilities to the extent of £391 19s. lid. The most profitable ! meeting of the year was that which was held ! in Jaly, over which .the olub realised £334 3s. 3d. profit. Taken altogether, the report shows the clnb to bs in the mo6t flourishing condition, and the October meeting promises to be one of the most successful ever held at Gaulfield. The programme for the Bendigo Spring i Meeting, to be run on Wednesday and' Thursday, tbe l$ch and lQth November, is 5 published. This will, as usual, contain many tempting baits to horses woers, the principal items being the Sandhurst Gup of 200 sovsM i the distance of which, I see, has been altered j from one mile and a quarter and a distance to \ one mile ; tbe Bendigo Handicap of 150 sovs., i one mile and a quartet and a distance ; and tbe Steeplechase of 100 sovs., about two miles and a half. Rumour hath it that Assyrian was tried over the Gaulfield Cup distance, and showed his trainer a 2min. 47&sec.; trial on the sand track, which, if true, ought to put the son of Countryman and Tinfinder a 1?D8 Wfty in it, albeit I am not fond of the judgment of the stable, after the mistake they made in the Ballarat Handicap, wherein The Hebrew was easily beaten by Respite. After the race there was an attempt to throw the blame of the defeat upon the jockey for not waiting, but a race of six furlongs does not admit of much waiting, and to get away well and stop in front if you caa have always been held to be the beet tactics to adopt in short races Tbe fault did not lay in tbe riding, but rather in the condition of the horse, who, to judge from the way his Eides heaved, was notoriously unfit to run. Magnet got cast in his box in the early part of the week, and Mr. F. F. Dakin has been compelled to ease him in his work in consequence. | Everybody who knows Mr. W. E. Dakin will feel sorry that he has been compelled to address a letter to the Adelaide Press denying \ the assertion that Bassanm ran for the late ! S.A.J.G. Derby in heavy shoes. No trainer i in Australia possesses greater public confi- | dence than Mr. Dakin, and it is to be regretted that the slightest suspicion of ' unfairness should be imputed to him. ! There is a probability of Mr. Blackler, of South Australia, ultimately purchasing Rich mond, for he has made Mr. E. Jellett an offer for the game little brown that will probably lead to business. On Thursday last, Lord Bnrghley came into the betting for the Caulfield Cup, but after the extraordinary behaviour of his owner at the late A.J.C. Meeting, it will be found best in the end to leave that stable alone. air. i. ivory s ioi, comprising Jjon Hurgniey, . Masquerade, Master Avenel, Surrey, Brilliant, . Kal Kal, and Eva, leave Sydney to-day for j Flemington. | Nadgee, by Bethnal Green, 'who scored such a sensational win in the Nursery Handicap j at Caulfield last October, died recently from i the effects of an accident. | I understand that an effort is to bs. mads | to remove the disqualification of the boy ; Saundersoa, who rode Merry Maid in the j Hurdle Race at the last V. A.T.C. Meeting, as ; the offending jockey is only a boy, and is, : besides, a new chum in the colony, and was | not well acquainted with the course. A i twelve months' banishment was rather severe, particularly when it is borne in mind that other cases of a similar nature have been ; punished by the infliction of a small fine. Bookmakers will soon have to pay pretty dearly for the privilege of following their calling. Like the V.R.C., the Australian Jockey Club have decided to impose a £25 licence-fee on all bookmakers who wish to do business in the sadaling-paddock. On Saturday morning Sting took fright on passing the carpenters at work at the new jockeys' room at Gaulfield, and broke away from the boy that was leading him, but, being very quiet, he stood still until he was caught. Waxworke, Prima Donna, and Harebell have been scratched for the Melbourne Cup, and Waxworks has been scratched for the Caulfield Cup. The well-known cross-country rider Batty has decided to start as a public trainer, and new boxes are being erected for him close to the coarse at Gaulfield. If Batty is as skilfal in the stable as be is in the saddle, he should soon have his hands full. Tom Brown was expected to arrive last night with Cunnamalia, Stockdale, and Saionara. Mr. W. Bryant, who for many years has been identified with the Australian turf, died suddenly on Tuesday last at Joyce's Creek. Mr. Bryant was fifty-two years of age, and for many years was a partner with his brother in the Cairn Curran stud, which partner ship was only dissolved a few weeks ago. Orient took his departure for his new home in Western Australia on Monday. Mr. C. D. O'Halloran has been elected r mpmhpr nf f.l-io of tLn | Club, in place of tbe Hon. W. Pearson, 1 resigned. Mr. A. F. Sullivan has been appointed chairman. The Hon. J. White is a passenger by the ; steamship. Austral, which will arrive here in I time to allow her passengers to witness the race for the Melbourne Cup. The Hon. W. J. Clarke and other prominent Australian sportsmen are expected to arrive about the 8a me time. The following are the scratchings for the Melbourne Hunt Club Meeting -.—Melbourne Hunt Club Cup : Segurthur, Blackthorn, Big Head. Hurdle Race : Rhesus. Steeplechase : Euchre. Flat Race : The Ghost, Beiladrum, Assyrian. Hurdle Race: TrevaUyn. Fly- ing Stakes : Laplander, St. Lawrence. All engagements: Lord o' Clyde, Borderman. Edith. 