?toIESMNP sketch ES. I Ten O'oIocU at Night at " I'D- , ,V', 'i( JProm Tine.) l'v wik'iWitli, groat pleasure that. I licaril, \- abOntayear ago, from my oM frioiul llnrry Dathrdra diat' Eaihad succccdcil to tlio Riv- Inoteii'iHalloatato. and an income of some year/' on tho death of a distant ' jtibnHany i and I were school ami '' 'rdbllisgendirt and though of late years llfo luul widely diverged, the ' ' >blafleot!6ii:;;novcr slumbered. We met ':'/i«|iwirSvfeVW9:''tei)t up a more constant borrpplgncp >tlinn is usual even among Lhjy' m/Tueethig was on the occasion of hfa fhft'rringft io a charming girl, to whom be v. Jiadbb'Jong' att aclicd ; soon after which bybnbhb'Ieftio Ilussarrf, and went to ' , lWe1n;Wldc®yncar his wife's family, till the v deatK.fylR i-far-away cousin, old Luke V-pfliqfIllvihgtoii Jlall, put him in '?pb&yoli;gta;fioo,c.Htate and ample fortune. V qldUPailYgrs ;,dicd abroad, in sotno oerman I lctl a life of absolute I flbvernl years— nearly forty, I b'"0 to Ixmdnn on business -I tho succession, and sjieut j nt my chambers in the ' g woixls to me were a w corbStlnvlwron to. visit Iiim nt the old Hnll made it babitnblo. Jt bad ixHjSSfun'gihcQVhc Into ou'ncr, a man of retired Bomcvyjiat suddenly XdiBSBomLiwould probably require to bp I " rcKiir before it could byl ceqaaMoL ho;modcrn ideas of luxury or even h letter, full of enthuBiastic flqtiUutttlieqimtutbeauty of tbeold Iiall todSmlEfor its immediate restoration,! without my hearing anything Danvers. I went on my 1 i a struggling Imrristcr, gain Eff.inoMbyvfnch of the stec)) uphill path Wlmwaa'-to case and compotcncy in the choson. Hut busy as 1 was, wonder at Harry's silence; El. wrote, having, unexpectedly, of leisure, to propose passing i liini. I addrcHScl my letter and tho post brought me;1 duo course. The tone of | HaS®8truck mo very |)ainfully. It wa»unnato as ever, but there was a flQSSKbiy i>crvading it, which was accounted for, even by ttic '-BSwWjnnntnined, that Mrs. Danvers MSSmpacareely recovered from a long tt ended thus: 'I shall to see you, old fellow, if wDb indiilcrcnt nceotnmoda. Tc o n i pa 1 1 v ; and I Iioimj you will M yu 'b Jor tllG moment trnvol wo arc going abroa<l.' -4»RtwaWBe dated '.WoodiicUl, ltivlngton.' once, tolegraphcd to say I \R .wlfeborwltli )iim on tho morrow, and Urtea-bythomorning express. r"jH&ThOftUtumn; day was drawing to a close as lamped oufc of tbc train at the station, and 7foan4j.Horry> waiting for mo. 1 was quite UMipck£4>by 'thc change in nty friend's ap« compearance and manner, instead of grcetingmc ft wjtb hiBi nsual cherry laugh, he came up as r mocking at a funeral, wrung my 1 bendrwitU scarcoly a woid, and only replied by > the/ sb ortcs t scn'tcnccs to my inquiries />Whi8Wlf0 8 h l.lltll. r , ;iJmWQMfov6)about three miles out of the fiimib'tidodgc with fine old iron gates, I .\\-JwWA»itnnfy|park.\vftl r within which, nt some I ?dfl$ffiHrcpnld just discern the gables and 1 W2Sra>' large Imudsonie house. 1 bc paid, |K)iniiug with his whip. : 1 \ - VWoJ .00 d i i e h 1 . 1 your lettor. Put why did you ' ' pious for the rcstomtiou of of it !' he said sharply. 'And it, Hurley, I must beg you \- iVnottpJPake. any ailiision to tho i fall before \- 'VVt vBSwg?ltpP808 !,cr completely.' is the mattor with it ? Ifc .- r /i 1 irca oiul surely yoti ' 1,0 onawcrcu graveiy ; -ami i WA w'9'1 kuc'1 I " d yet tlio doctor sa-s she must boon very ill I asked, imsshig j part of his speech, though 1 . r 1'1U trut'1 mme' ' ucnrly dead as possible with 1 doubt if you would know lnnc to the left, and through a KlfflHnp'.oonificltli!, nml (iiitu out of sight! . YAjgjBMplKgSldl and its neighbourhood. Wu " l>orcli of a low long house by Smnnil the sen'ant who came to the 1 us througli a low sideqinssagc r i-bjunSKcrful room bright with fire and ' and amply though simply fur .: rose froni a sofa by the lire Ipwltcarccl v refrain from exclaiming urifflgBMWmekreat and melancholy was the -VAMCralHolcn Danvers. The fair young 'CTTOj|£fflfcMlde, whom 1 had seen in the lrnppy youth, hiul Ixicome a nervous woman, startled by the a any npiiarcnt reason, and 1 ' beTOsbry mark of having received a sen- . v-?;on|;j®K|)bth bodily and mental. Shovel \- friendly kindness ; and as we «q&ttmnd; the fire I could trace more re I : the Helen Dauvei-s whom I liad | imm filler wedding-morning. We se j ivPmjmrahrfor the night, and Harry carried VoBlajBlairg. and returned to me with mgKpology for leaving me to my \- . as he said lielen was too ner :-'®raorning was bright and frosty ; . ;;M4ftiB®Hrokfitot, nt which meal Mrs. Dau- ,:\TOiy,pppearf Harry pro|K>scd to me to HpefSSg!?. to the house of n friend, who both to shoot. Our way lay . . PMkiro-gatcs of Hiving! on Hall, mici could see that the house was a ' one, In the Tudor .;<:..8i6miSiennces, stonc-inuUioned oriel ;:wigdb|tgpd quaiuUy.twistcd chimneys, . Tbe.flbtmpwere closed; tho avenue, be tween tvcws of nmgnilicent ohl touches, was fiflfWDPwn, and the lodge was unln- namtoa lu snort, the whole place tore un- ndstkablfrbteos of being left to go to ruin unhoeded.yVy Y could not resist observing (0 unrry tliat It seemed a- pity to abandon so fine a pbice. His reply/was rather startling. Would to Heaven that not one accursed -. stono remained upon another t lie said vc- . hcmently.i 1 Tho entail prevents my pulling v it down, or it would have ceased to exist to i fore now l' Irhat ails the place/ Is it liauntcd /' aghingly, knowing that Harry was >m chihlish stqierstitiun as I was I you wlint, Hob,' was liis earnest f you hod seen what we liavc seen iC hateful halls, you would never to nan again. I know I am not ; and in, jwor girl, it lias nearly, If not oslty was uow thoroughly aroused; pcrliai>s, less of tnct and'good taste fit to fiavc shown, I plied him with to all of which lie gave vnguo and answers. Somehow the subject ved at King's Lea, the place to were bound. Mr. 15astou, Harry's d hc was |KMscssetl with the most isire to sec the apparition which ckuowlcdgcd to have seen twice in room of the old Hall ; and 1, little by fears of the supernatural, ex decided opinion that 1 should like ghost who could drive me from u jliviugton llall, if / was its furtu- Between us, I think, we inched rn/ittcrs loo far ; and at last Harry said, in a tone of deep annoyanoj, I'll tell you what it j, my g'K,d fellows you judge for yourcivex whether ( am the fool you toll) lake me for, H'e will all jku an evening in Die orkbrwut at the old Hall, and I Miall to curious to nee how you like It/ Mr. Efibion arid I eagerly byk up the dial lenge. It was arranged that, the next day but one being the tot of the month, on which alone— no Htiny told u»f— the j;ctra!nM>car- nuccs were vhfMe, we houhl meet at King's Lea, and prwcI together to the Hall, Dan vers agreeing to tell Ids wife that we were engaged to dine and 1eep at Jtoton', j ' We must be at the Hall tofore ten o'clock/ I lie said. 'That is the only time at widen | anything is rcen/ On our way tome we called at the collage of an ohl man who was formerly gardener nt Hivington Hall, for the keys of the houc. I 'Now don't 'ce to going there, Mmder Danvers, now don't 'ee,' he Implored, No I luek nor go<>d never came of it, and never won t, ji s tempting rrovwenee, itxe, w jmi yourself in the devil h elutehe/ ily curiomsity was strongly excited. It was as much as I could do U> refrain from shaking of the old Hall hToreMrx, ton vers; and during our walk the following day after the partridges, I entreated Harry to loll me what he hod seen. This to firmly declined to do, hut added, ' I will tell you this much. We went to tho Ifnll, as you may rcmemtor, on our re turn from Italy in the spring, Ohl Jennings —the man you lave juxt seen— and his wife lived therein wmc rooms over tho stnbtoflmf' kept the house aired and In tolemhte orrler. When we arrived we found everything ready, and supper Jnhl for us in a oomfortnblcdinlng- rootn. It was late, and we went to tho rooms prcj«red for us in the new wing of the hotiw, ami slept soundly, Ito next day Helen wished to explore the place, and we sent for Mrs. Jennings and tho kevs, Tiiere were a nuintor of rooms almost tore of furniture, and tbc best the tom«o contnincl lad toen collccteil i>) funiitli those prejrtrcl for us, I At the further end of the dtawing-ruu was I a door, concealed by a heavy velvet curtain, | Helen laid her hand on the handle, but iirs, Jennings hurricl up to her, " That's a locked door, ma'am; that don't Jend nowhere, it don't. Don't 'ce try to oi/.n that, my dear lady 1" ' Wliy svA J" asxed my wife, with some surprise. The oh! woman changed her ≠ at onw, " It Is'nt a dwr ma'am, only aeliam like, and I was afraid you wouM hurt your lingers," " Hut ff it is not a door, w!»y Is there a curtain hung toforc It V rwrslstwl Helen. "Just for ornament, may to, or to kce;) oil the draught," sahl 3Irs, Jennings confusedly, "lto draught from a atom door j" laughed H'Jcn, Hut the old woman ImrHcl away without saying more. Home days jaswyl, and wo to-gan to feel quite at lietue, and to plan many alterations and im provements to to carried out in the course of tho summer. It was now the end of. May, but the evenings were still chilly. We were fitting by a bright wood fire in tto drawing- r'tomojj the evening of the tflst,, wton the, church-clock l>?gan io fctriko' ten. The church, as you tore seen, is nearly half a mile distant ; but it has a remarkably loud ind w)norous toll, so ttot we hoard it as dis tinctly as if it had toen in the honc. At that moment an icy gust of wind swejd through the room, and a sound, a ff of a heavy b'xly falling, came from the fartherend, near the mysterious door, Helen jum|«l up and I caught hold of my arm, " What was that i kIjo hi id, ill a frightened whisjxrr, I told her I I thought it' was something falling in Hie I jwiii overlieo'J, though 1 hentd plainly that the sound did not come from atore, Hhe was featured by my matterof-fa/:t answer, but still sloo-J, holding my arm, till in a few minutes the same fcy-coM wind j<ase»! over us again, with a strange sickly smell, 1 own that a shudder ron through me, though ! did not know why ; and my wife was so terrified Hint «he would not remain another moment In the room. The next day I wax ohlige»t to gfluoaj)U"mass ioJiUuuikmtand.only tetomcd rmTTme for dinner. I nothwl that Helen was pale and silent; ami as soon as trie servants had left the room she said gmvtdy, " liarry, tluit is not a false d oor in tlio draw- Ing-riyjin. There must to a small room there with a window like this," 'Jhe dining- room liad a large toy-window at one end, raised by two or three brood sfofis from the rest of the room, " Ho you liavc toen making investigations, 5Jrs. HlueixmrdJ" I said, laughing, "No; I tore not been into Hie rwm. To my the truth, 1 think I should have toen a little frig htcncl abme; and, besides, I did not like to tell Mrs, Jennings that 1 hod found out ttot she liad told me a story about it. Hut I was r/nikittx on the terrace, ami it suddenly occurred to mc tl»at tho large window which eorrcsj/mds to fids one mufet to in some room wc hare not ret seeu. It was closed with shiilters ; and then I thought of tto false door in the drawing- room. I measured the walls by |«v:es, and 1 find there must to a square room there, lighted by tto large window/' "Hhallwe go and explore it/'' I asked, " Not bMiight, please," said Helen, with fl shirer, "tot ns stay iicre to-night," And so wc did, Tho next morning the sun "hone brightly, and my wife seemed to Lave forgotten her fears, I We made an excuse to get tho keys from I Mrs. Jennings; and After some diMIcuJtr, I for the lock was very rusty, we succeeded in I iK'ucliating into the locked-up room , It was, as Helen had imagined, nwirly rvjunre, and raiKrd, by two or three stcj", atove the level of the drawing-room. It cymlalnwl fl heavy oak tabic with carved legs, which Mood in the centre, a few elwirs, an-1 a rml/inet or two of similar workmanship, all deeply coated with dust and cobwebs, and was |«anellfl with o ik tontout two-thirds of Hie height of I tho walls. One picture, ttot of a dark young I woman In some foreign dress, hung over the high ohimnev-piocc; gilt dog for burning wood stwi on the wide hearth ; andalt'/gether, in spite of the forlorn stab; of negic:t in I which >ve found it, the roem had a ctoerftil I hom«>Hkc air, which at once bk Helen' fancy. To mato a long story short, hi spite of Mrs, Jennings' tearful remonstrances, end I the unwillingness of all the servants to tovc I anything to do with tto square-room, a we I caftol it, we occupied ft as a sitting-room during the whole of June, without any annoyance. Once or twice, as the clock struck ten, I was sensible of a kind of chill, for which I could not account ; and, glancing of, Hf'ton. f noticed ttot she turned tafc at the same time. Hut we neither of us mentioned the subject, and tofore the end of tto month i had almost foty/Mvn that | there were any suyJeious c irennMotnx con I uectoi with our favorite itHiJg-r'/>m, Of I the occurrence of the night of the ,'JOthof June | I will not si»eak. Yon wish to sec and jtulgc for youoKjif if I liavc decided rigidly ttot Hivinglon Jlall Is not lit for human laWta- tion ; ami I Iiave no doubt itot yott will to' In a )>o»ition in form an oi AnU/n tm tto yAnt after b>morrow night. My y Helen lia, as you may see, never ie<ysvert»! the slack she rcccfvtpl tluit night ; and the dwto>r» feared m much for her reason If sto rcmainwl longer In ttot toteful Iiousc ttot wc moved here even leforc cto was out of danger, and as soon as possible we shall quit the neigh borbood for ever/ Hut, said I, as noon as Hairy tod thus brought his communication to a close, 'tovc you thoroughly sifted tto laatter, and satis fied yourself ttot no trick has toen' played on youf ' Of course I tore. On t to night of the filstof July X went alone, without giving a I hint of tny intention to nny human Icing, 1 to the Hall, which tod remained empty ami locked up from the day we left ft. I cam- I fully examined tto drawing-room, through winch only access to tl to square-mom could I he tod, sounded tto |»ncl, tto lock of the chimney, the ilonr, every sjiol. In fact, where I any one could (ouiMy to concealed. Then I I lockcil tho door ami waited,' I 'And tjica V 1 Precisely the same scene was rcjicatol, I You will, X have litle doubt, witness it tornorrow night; and I will accompany you. I think you will he Kitfaficl tlirtt I have not lightly given way to a groundless fear,' Harry pokc «o gravely, ami wasnltogethor unlike hlHf/jrmerehecry,ligiit-lHuirtc«l self, that I felt wrno prickingH of conscience in j/erfriiftiii'' him to undergo again, for the gratification of my fceptical curiosity, an oidenl that, to him, was evidently one of no llttfo suffering. Hut iny intense desire to witness the phenomena, of whatever nature they might to, which had so deeply im pressed my friend, got the better of all my cruplcs, and I looked forward with im l«aliefjcc to the following night. In the morning ilnrry told Mrs. Danvers that he had accepted an invitation for us to shoot with a friend of Mr. Boston's, who Jived several miles off, and tlj.it wc should sleep at King's ton. Hhe turned whiter than ever, if possible, and exclaimed, '0 Harry I have you forgotten what night His 7' 'Come, come, little woman,' lie said, 'I must not have you give way to nneadncKs, We will ask Mary laltot to come and stay with yotf, I am sure you would not wish to deprive Hurley of a good day's sport/ ' Certainly not,' she answered, In her sweet sad voice. I felt like a great bratc; bat as she was not suppo«cd to know that I was aware of the strange events that hod so deeply shaken her, I could only say a few commonplace word, hoping thnt I nhonld not to allowed to cansc her any Inconvenience, nnfl tbc matter nnJMcd over. Oar snooting that day was little more than a pretext, and after an early dinner wc left Kwg's-toft In Mr. Barton's dog-cart. He Insisted on taking some wino in a hanqicr, and we were besides provide) with a lamp, a packet of candles, and materials for making a fire, Harry brought with him the keys of the Hall, and on ournrrivnl Boston scut away the dog-cart, with instructions to the servant to to at tiie stohlc-entraucc, which was clow to the food, at half-part ten o'clock — an order which the man received with evident un willingness. Passing through a largo cntrancc-hall, and along a broad p.vsogo lighted at tho end by a window through which the moon gave a faint light, wc entered tho drawing- room, and througli it the scene of action. The room was as llnrry had described It— fl square chamber, well furnished with handsoroo carved oak, and raised by twobroodstcps above the level of the room through which only it could ho entered, A Turkey enrpet lay In the centre of the floor, showing the oak tonrds nt the sides, ami on this stood a large heavily- carved oaken table. An armchair of similar workmanship stood on each side of the large oiicn hearth, and other chairs were scattered About, Wc carefully examined every portion of the room, Boston measuring the depth of the wails, and I sounding tbc'nanelllngon nil sides, as well a the floor, Harry looked on with a faint smile on his face till 1 raised the carpet In tho course of, my ijiveitigations, ana discovered a large dark. stain oh the boards, on tho side of tho tabic furthest from the fireplace. A sirnilor mark ran across the floor toflbo tcyot tho steps, and then spread out Into another wide stain liko thnt beside the table, 'That looks vory like a stain of blood,' I said, pointing it out to Danvers, 'Docs it V was all he answered, but the smile died out of his faco and did not return. When oor examination was concluded wo lit the Arc, and piled tho hearth with a number a logs of wood to make a cheerful blaze. We also trimmed the lamp, and stuck lighted cnndh.s into a variety of candlesticks whichstood about on the tables. Then Barton proceeded to unpack the wine ; but as he was selling it on the largo oak inblc, Danvers called out, ' Don't do that, Barton— don't put the wine down there P ' As you p1cnac,' answered Boston ; and ho drew forward n small Hpider-leguod tabic fruui a comer, and placed it near the fire. Wo gathered round it, nml Harry drank two or three gltwjci of shcrty.iA succession ; but conversation flagged, and we togan to feel that our experiment was not altogether an agreeable one. Harry's ill-concealed horror at the idea of the wine being placed on the large table gave me, at least, nu uncomfort able sensation, while it excited rny curiosity ; and when Danvers and Barton rested them selves in the two large armchairs by the fire side, 1 drew one to the table which was now connected in my rnind with the sight wa had come to see, and leaned my elbow on it. I noticed that Harry looked sharply at mo as I took up rny position, hut he mauc no remark. Home time passed in conversation more or lesi well sustained ; then wc began to look nt our watches ai the hour drew nearer and nearer, Wc replenished the fire and sat on, wailing aJmort in silence. If ony ono wants to make the most of an hour, I may suggest that he should sit doing nothing, arm waiting for some unknown event which may bo ex pected to occur at Its clo«c, 1 began to fancy thnt ten o'clock never would strike ; but it did, ami quite soon enough. As tho first stroke of the appointed hour sounded from the church-clock, I seated myself firmly nt the table, w'lh Icft nrm rturtmK on it. A glance at my companions showed me «ich seated in his chair, with a hand on each of its arms. At the same instant every vestige of light from fire, lamp, and cnndlcssuddeiily vanished, A cold wind swept through the room, with an indescribably nauseous srncil, as of a newly-opened charnel-house. I tried to rto?, but a heavy hand was laid on my shoulder and kept rnc motionless. There was a sound as of two person strug gling ; then a moan and a dead dull sound, such ns rnigiit be made by a human body fall ing, and 1 felt the tabic on which 1 leant violently shaken. 1 thought one of my com panions had fainted ; bat to save my life I cotdd not have moved. The hand still pre»?ed heavily on my shoulder, and will; an effort I tnweti my head and covered my face with my arm, J felt at that moment that if I saw anything horrible I should go mad. Things remained in this state for a time which appeared interminable — we afterwards found it must have been about ten minutes. Then the icy wind swept over us again with Its sickening odour, and through my closed eyelid X felt that the room grew suddenly light. An exclamation of horror from Boston xou¥sd me, I heard iny two companions rush to the door, and followed them without opening my eyes, I forgot the steps and fell down them. In a moment X was on ray feet again, and looked bock into the room, A strange bluish light pervaded it. On the table lay a human head, with ghastly (daring eye, and long hair, malted with blood, which was dripping slowly to the ground. As X gozed, horror-stricken, 1 saw a small white hand, like that of a woman, suddenly appear on the table, and give a push to the ghostly head. It fell, and rolled slowly towards roc. With a shout of horror 1 flew down the pas sage, through the hall, and out into the daik autumn night, I found Danvers on the terrace supporting Boston, who bod fainted when to reached the open air, Ilallying all rny strength, 1 helped to carry him to tho dog-cart, which was waiting for us in the road. We were long before we could restore him to his senses, and after ho recovered cootciotisncs he made ns both promise on our lionoor never to mention the subject to him again. Asfor mytcif, Icannotdercribc the effect ttot horrible sight produced on me. When morn ing brought me some calmness and power of reflection, I attempted to a|»ologise to my friend for having In a manner forced him to to again a spectator of the weird bono w of tto oriel-room. He took It very quietly, and only said, ' I have now gone through that scene turcc times, and my poor delicate Helen saw it as yon did, X firmly believe it is rei'nactcd on the lart nightof every month. I suppose you will now agree with rnc that Itiviuglou llall Is I ttot a desirable habitation.' I stayed a few days longer with ,ipy ;jK>pr j friend, though I murt confers that the ;plncc, and all about it, had become odious ;l'v itpc- On giving a hint to Mr. Talbot, :thc jtcuiftr, ; Hint I should like to know what Tnlp<;qH | Danvers to leave tlio J Tall (Harry had iboiqifi me by a promise o«»t to speak of ;\vhat JihfMl Fceu), he told tnc.that it was gonorflUy ibu- Ijevcd to be the scene of ghortly disturbftpces, and thnt ohl Luke Danvers had '.left \i fiSU.i- denly in consequence of sotnothipg'.w.iihlb l to , had seen. The former proprietor, Jrttke Danvers' uncle, had brought u ;fc»rplgp ii>rit!G to Hivinglon Jlnll some fifty ygam £!!tP was very beautiful, but tbc,raarri»gC\ftwiiPS!J' n happy one. Home time .after |thipr ;orriypl a stranger ap)je:ued at tbc .ILiil,M>niu i&ujlll; or relation of the lady, jjw p.tcpqc N>Vjy; evidently unwelcome to the ;hgsto!>tii high words were often heard nthWg but in a few weeks nil three suddupjy d\bii\p' penred one night. Mr. Danvers -was iRpp.Wp to be alive for rcvcrnl years after, ibpt jl>c never returned to Hivinglon j;Inll;; .add iWlMIP uh nepnevv suceocucu 10 rue propuriy nie,nu>v left suddenly, after rctnmtmig .otout iMtLto months, and weut abroad to theGcrwaiiJp.ftii, whence be never returned. Harry and hU wife aro now ,ip Jtnly.Md hear that she is recovering her ;hegltji;; ibnt IJiey will never; return to Diviugtgp itfnUi which is left to go to ruin ns quickly, a;U;ippy. In our next " And Love will Ht,iHitolLwd , of A'." 