CORRESPONDENCE. " Veritas" writes:—" It is high time in the interests of the public generally that an enquiry was called for as to the issuing ot free railway passes to persons who may visit this colony. From several instances that have come under my own notice it appears that thense of "such passes is greatly perverted. Only the other day a gentleman walked into an office where I was and wanted to see the principaL It transpired that he was canvassing for orders and advertisements for the Federal Australian, and wished to' secure an order. On being told that the principal was away the man of free passes replied, * Oh! I can come again another day, as I have a free pass on the railway.' Surely such a state of affairs ought to be stopped. Persons living in the colony, and who are doing all they can to further its interests, are in a measure kept back by the excessive railway charges, but here are 'casuals' coining into the colony daily, representing themselves to be reporters, and they want to see the colony to write about it and so make it better known, when in reality they are canvassing for the good of other colonies. This is handicapping South Australians with a vengeance, The system of indiscriminate free passes baa been stopped in Victoria, and it is time, with such instances as these before us, that they were stopped bere. I hope some member of our Legislature win move in the matter." •'Pro Bono Publico, Earrell's Flat," protests against the action of the authorities in running a special train last Sunday for cattle, the quiet of the little township being* broken by the noise made by the persons engaged in trucking these cattle. "T. H. G."—Kor a circular tank multiply tile square of the diameter by 07854, and the product by the depth. Thus in the supposed case 8 x 8 x 0 7854 x 12=603-18 + cubic feet, or nearly 22| cubic yards. For a " square taut," or for one of which the surface area is a rectangle, and the sides are carried down vertically, multiply the length, width, and depth into each other. Thus, suppose the length to be 10 ft. 6 in., the width 8 feet, and the depth 12 ft. 3 in; then 10"5 X 8 X 12-25=1,029 cnbic feet= 38J «nbic yards. Gre^s Elements of Mensuration is a useful book for beginners, and may be obtained for about a shilling. " G. M. M."—We cannot give medical advice. " Traveller" complains that nothing has been done to clear the main North-Eastem-road, so as to enable stock to travel to and from the market without going so mnrh on the mefcaL He urges that the road should be at once defined and opened to the full width of sixty-six feet like other public roads, in order to facilitate the travelling of stock to the city. "Surrey."—The Cannon-street Railway Bridge, belonging to the S.E.R. Co., is nearer to London Bridge than to Blackfriars Bridge. " C. S. B."—You cannot expect us to publish your lines if the consequences would be what you hint at in the following:— "If my rhymes yon thus will treat You and I may often meet." " John Price, Wabefield-street East," under date June 10, writes:—" For the further infonnation of your correspondent 'Paul de la-Mer," I give below some quotations from the writings of Voltaire additional to those of the Rev. F. Slaney Poole, extracted by him from the 'Letter on the English,' No. 18, and from chapter 2 of 'TheEssai sur la Po&ie; Epique.' In the ' Ing£nu,' chapter 2, Voltaire says:—' The reason why classical tragedies do not succeed in England, while the coarse works of Shakspeare are constantly applauded, is that the pnblic is not a judge of fine wses, and so Addison's *' Cato" fell and the empire of Shakspeare is growing stronger.' Martin Sherlock, chaplain to the Bishop of Deity, visited Voltaire in April, 1776, and reports that in the conrse of conversation Voltaire says:—'"Cato" is excellently written. Addison had much taste, but the abyss between taste and genius is• immense. Shakspeare had astonishing, genius, but no taste - he spoilt the taste of the English nation. He has been -their taste for 290 years, and that which has been the taste of a nation for 200 years will be their taste for 2,000. Taste becomes a religion, and there are in that country' many fanatical worshippers of that author.' Inwriting^ Horace Wtdnole, July-17.4768, Voltaire says:—" Shakspeare 'had no regularity, no sense of propriety, no art ; lowness and grandeur, buf-_ foonery and sublimity, are found in his works' side by side. His tragedy is a chaos, in which -there , are a hundred traits de lumiere.' A pamphlet was published in Paris in 1761 puiporting-to-have-been-written by- J£r6me <3arr^, but which.- was well known to have been' the work of Voltaire. Referring therein to the tragedy of "Hamlet," and of its popularity in. England, hie writes:—* The chairmen, sailors, coachmen, shopboys, aniclerks passionately love shows; give them cockfights, bull-baiting, duels, gibbets, ghosts, or sorcery, and they will rush in crowds, and there is more than one great lord quite as carious as the populace.' And again, in reference to the same play:—'A few traits of genius, a few-happy verses, strong and natural, earned the acceptance of the rest.' That these were the sober outcome of Voltaire's judgment I certainly do not believe; the fact was that the Parisians were becomingincreasingly - appreciative vf- our bard, and placing him on a far higher pedestal than that on which they had previously placed Mons. Voltaire, whose vanity was thereby wounded, and hence his writings on the subject in question was nothing more than the outcome of his envy^Bnimositv," and spleen." "£L"—We -cannot possibly find room for long disquisitions on Theology and Philosophy, in which the writers succeed chiefly in mystifying themselves. For the future we can only insert letters on Biblereading in State-schools which deal exclusively with the practical aspects of the question, and above all are characterized^ brevity. 