SUNDAYS IN LONDON. -so III. CARDINAL MANNING AND ST. CHARLES' DAY. Ned Wright, who was the subject of my last sketch, I suppose I may claim, in a general sense, as being what, in my first " Sunday in London," I described myself as being, namely, a Christian unattached. He may or may not belong to a. particular denomination ; may or may not be a communicant in some properly organized church ; but as a public man he is neither Baptist, Independent, or Wesleyan. The step from the apostle of the New Cut to his Eminence Cardinal Manning is at least from the Cardinal's point of view, all the difference that stretches between the poles. The most reverend doctor is the English representative, par excellence, of the Church which for ages has claimed to hold the keys of St. Peter, and to be founded upon a rock. The two men are labourers in one vineyard, but Wright is the ex-felon, Manning the prince of a historic spiritual empire. On some future occasion I may take the reader of the Sydney Morning Herald to the pro-cathedral at Kensington and to the cathedral at Southwark, both being superb specimens of ecclesiastical architecture, and the churches were the imposing ritual of Papal Rome is seen in its most glorious form of English representation. This morning let him accompany me to one of the ordinary Catholic churches of the metropolis. It will be found some- where at the back of St George's Hall, Langham-place, where, as we pass onward, Mr. Voysey is lecturing to his little band of followers. There is no special service at the Ogle-street church, to which we are bound, but the Cardinal Archbishop is to preach, and there has been no special nourishing of the event beforehand. It is rarely the Cardinal's Sunday movements are advertised in the papers. The church and congregation are therefore in their ordinary working array, the only difference between this and other Sunday morning services being, perhaps, that there are fewer absentees than usual. The Cardinal is not reported, even amongst his own people, an eloquent preacher ; but he is a Cardinal the highest Roman Catholic in rank to be found in the kingdom and consequently wherever he goes he carries with him a certain amount of pomp worth looking at. Yet, even granting this, I was not prepared to find so little outward honour paid to the occasion. The church was not by any means filled nothing like so much filled as an English church would have been had it been announced that an archbishop, a bishop, nay, even a colonial bishop, or a canon, was to occupy the pulpit. Perhaps the faithful in this church are more familiar with the appearance of their hierarchy in their midst on everyday occasions than are the faithful of the Anglican offshoot. Perhaps the population of working people, gathered from the humbler thoroughfares around, are not educated sufficiently to rush after even such a novelty as the presence of a Cardinal Archbishop with his retinue ; or may be the week's cares and troubles have caused them to forget the announcement made in the ordinary course on the previous Sunday morning. I espied an empty seat some distance down one of the aisles, and as no one took the hint while I waited humbly at the end for the attention that is usually paid to a stranger, I walked down and seated myself. The layman who should have taken the hint had evidently been aware of my presence, and had come to the conclusion that I was a heretic, for I had scarcely deposited my hat under the seat when he tapped me on the shoulder, and in a stand-and- dolivor tone that sounded strangely out of place in the sacred, edifice, where rich and poor meet together, said, v Sixpence, if you please t" The Philistine in me always asserts himself at the very notion of money changing in a place of worship, and I fear me it was in anything but a Christian spirit that I asked him sarcastically, " How much, then, for a front seat. I repressed a desire to ask him how much also for a book of the words and taking out a handful of coppers, counted him out six of them with an unrighteous clank. In sackcloth and ashes I herewith acknowledge my offence ; but I repeat, the old Adam, or Philiotino, or what you will had the best of me for a minute or so. At any rate, I had paid, as the saying goes, on the nail for my accommodation, and so settled down to make the best of it, determined to follow the service with such reverence as might be, with so base-minded a. person. The walls of the church, I had leisure to observe, were decorated with a number of representations, in plaster, of the life of the Saviour, or at least such portions as permitted the introduction of the Virgin Mary and the Saints. Had they been modestly coloured, they might have answered their presumed primary purpose of assisting medita- tion and inciting to devotion. But their coarse colour- ings of glaring blue, red, and yellow were false alike to nature and art, and they were more fitting for a travelling waxwork show than the House of God. The altar appointments were a mixture of dinginess and richness, the elegance and value of some of the articles around and upon the altar bringing out into greater contrast the tardiness of the commoner furniture. Probably these are non-essentials. To me they were an offence, not because of the poverty they might indicate, but because they were intended to appeal through the eye to the higher emotions, and appealed badly. Such things to be done, most assuredly should be done well. I By-and-bye the service began. A priest, singing or chanting very finely, gave the opening sentence and there was a movement amongst the congregation behind. The Cardinal had entered, and was proceeding down the centre aisle, waving his hand right and left as he gave the Archiepiscopal blessing. His long scarlet train was borne by a handsome boy in handsome vest- ments. There were two or three priests, and some other features of display which I had not the opportunity of noticing. Before he arrived at the dimity upholstered crimson and gold canopy, known as the throne, I was again tapped on the back. " Soon again I felt a tapping something harder than before." The summoner on this occasion was a rubicund matron, in black silk, and with wonderful flowers and fruits in her bonnet the mistress, and, not unlikely, master too, no doubt, of one of the small shops of the neighbourhood. " I'll trouble you to come out of that," she said, in a ferocious whisper, at which the nearer worshippers seemed greatly amused. " But," I ventured in bated breath to remonstrate, " I've paid for the seat." Her reply admitted of no further argument, it being at once decisive and convincing. " So have I ; out wid ye." Out therefore I came, letting fall my stick in my agitation, and damaging the sleek nap of a very good hat. This interruption was very annoying, since before I could tranquilly bring myself to another anchor the cardinal was surrounded by a number of attendants in surplices and other movements, and was partly undressed, The headgear in which he had entered the church had been removed, revealing what in the world we term a skullcap upon the archiepiscopal head. Under the canopy the cardinal had been putting the things handed him over his head, and tying a cord round his waist; and when I was able to realize the nature of the proceedings he had appeared in a gorgeously gilt mile, and a number of vestments, of the name- and symbolism of which I am profoundly ignorant, though I have been since informed they must have been cope, stole, apace, and girdle. Two priests in vestments, bearing much heavy gold cloth on their shoulders, moved the tall, yellow mitre with profound reverence; and the Cardinal taking his high throne, the group upon the altar closed round, and became extremely picturesque. In position and posture every man and boy employed in the celebration was so far perfect. The Archbishop swung a confer- over them, and the air became perfumed. the service meanwhile proceeding, and, I am sorry to say, money obtrusively chinking somewhere in the body of the church. A youth approached the throne, knelt humbly, and converted himself into a temporary reading-desk, the large, nicely-bound volume which had his head and shoulders, being open towards the Cardinal. Another surpliced lad brought a lighted candle (it was a sunshiny morning and stood by quite statuesque. The Cardinal replaced the yellow mitre with one of white and gold and there were innumerable recollections, not only to the altar, but to the central figure of the group. I could see that the Cardinal once or twice instructed some of the persons around him, in sides, as to what they should do at critical turns of the elaborate ritual, for it was of a nature that required much drilling, and not a little prompting as it advanced. Now head pieces had to be removed ; now the priests and acolytes formed in line, and now in column ; the great cross and crosier were passed into different hands, candles were uplifted, and for a considerable while the worship seemed to be offered either in music or silent homage to the Cardinal and his throne. A young priest, who was somewhat of a large-! dandy, sobbing in a haw-haw style, demanded prayers for the dead, and in the long catalogue of announcements be made from the altar steps, I caught references to indulgences and illnesses. If the information thus published was intended for the guidance of the congregation, they certainly never received it, and the fashionable priest conveyed the impression that he did not care two straws whether they did or not. Cardinal Manning, the mass service being so far ended, advanced to the centre of the top altar step, and, leaning on his pastoral stall', addressed the congregation. The text was the verse in the second epistle to Timothy, " Thou, therefore, endure hardness as a good soldier of Jesus Christ." The sermon was characteristic of the Cardinal, as every one knows him-the sermon of a thoroughly good man, anxious in a humble Christian spirit to benefit the people amongst whom his lot is cast. There was a fatherly tone, and a simplicity of language that came like an oasis of reality in a very desert of unintelligible Latin and ornate ceremonial. The splendid robes, the tall mitre, the prominent finger-ring upon the hand that grasped the glittering crozier, were for- gotten in the mild voice, pleading gestures, and kindly sentiments of the man. He began by asking what likeness there could be between the priest and the soldier, the one being a man of peace, the other a man of war ? How could there be either likeness or union between such characters ? Then he pointed out that there is a material warfare of the world which is one of might and power, and a spiritual warfare which is by grace and the Holy Ghost ; also that there is a likeness between the character required by the two classes of soldiers. Thus the soldier of the worldly army is ruled by the instincts of loyal duty, strict discipline, and responsibility; is a man under authority; is exposed when called upon to difficulty and danger. And so, at some length, he urged it was with the priest in his lifelong contest with the world, the flesh, and the devil. This typical of one side of the preacher's character as a Christian, was introductory to the real purpose of the sermon, which was typical of his character as an ecclesiastic. It was a review of the life of the patron saint of the church, St. Charles, he said there could not be found amongst the saints of the Roman Catholic Church one in whom the words of the text had been more literally fulfilled. " Here," he explained, " in the Church of St. Charles, and within the octave of the festival of St. Charles, I do not know what I can better take to speak of to you than the life, character, works, and end of such a man." I will continue his remarks as he made them at this point, and as illustrating the simplicity of style which characterizes the preacher at all times. to His character," he went on, " what was it The character of a true soldier. A soldier must be a man of fortitude ; but if a soldier is only hard, he has only half the character of a true soldier. The true soldier ought to be tender of heart also, and will be one ready to spare as well as to smite. in the character of St. Charles there were wonderful combinations of these two things. He was strong in all his character ; he was tender in all his heart." For the next quarter of an hour the Cardinal went back to history and told us something about this patron saint, who being born in 1938, at the time when the good Henry VIII. was beginning to gore and butt at the Catholic power in England (these expressions are mine, be it noted, and not the Car- dinal's), would have a fair opportunity of qualifying himself for any persecutions which might have fallen in his way, though, as a matter of fact, he achieved canonization without martyrdom. With all my admiration of Dr. Manning, as a good and a true philosopher, I could not see from the picture now drawn by him that the paint had done anything that pre-eminently qualified him for the niche who occupies amongst the worthies of the Church, nor that a recital of his virtues was calculated to impress the people who heard it They, if the truth must be told, appeared inclined to yawn while the preacher explained that Saint Charles's mother was related to Pius IV., and that the same was tonsured while yet a boy. Perhaps they would have admitted that this act was proof of his sanctity, but were not sure that it was as the Cardinal said-assurance of his wonderful sense. A man like Cardinal Manning, however, must be judged by his whole career. To his history, perhaps more than to his talents, he owes the eminence to which he has been raised. beholding him there, en- throned in full canonicals, incense floating around him, priests bending the knee to kiss his hand, the mitre on his head and the cross in his hand, who could help cudgelling his memory to connect the fact of the past which led up to the position of the present Out of one's remembrances came the merchant's son distinguished at Harrow ; passing on to Balliol, and taking first-class Oxford honours, two and fifty years ago ; becoming Fellow of Morton, select preacher of Oxford university, vicar of the little Sussex parish, and Archdeacon of Chichester, all within 10 years. Then there intervened 10 years of doubt, known only to his own heart, and perhaps hours of painful moneys conflict; the passage to Rome, and his appointment as Superior of the Oblates of St. Charles Borromeo. Next came his succession to Cardinal Wiseman as Archbishop of Westminster in 1865, and his more recent assumption of the red hat. And now, at the age of 73, there he stood, the picture of an ascetic in the emaciation of his features, but clothed with the pomp of high office. It was suggested to me, moreover, as he discoursed of the patron saint who, in his opinion, answered to Paul's model as given to his young disciple Timothy, that the preacher had modelled his own life, so far as in him lay, upon that of Count Carlo Borromeo, the splendid Cardinal and Archbishop of Milan, who was famous for the magnificence of his retinue, but who was, at-the same time, a rigid ascetic, and a studious, self-denying, and laborious priest His entrance into the Bayswater congregation as Superior would favour this supposition. In his piety, self-denial, and labours, Cardinal Manning may be said to resemble Borromeo, but not in his luxurious maintenance of ecclesiastical pomp, nor in ability. 'In the times in which St. Charles lived the Pope's legate would almost be compelled to assume a princely grandeur in the administration of his office. In the England of to-day even a Cardinal Wolsey would be unable to do so. Cardinal Manning has ability sufficient for the administration entrusted to him, but he has not the political churchmanship of Wiseman nor the bright manifold genius of his brother Cardinaljfiho aged Newman of Birmingham. Manning has written no work that will be remembered.; Newman's literary productions are of the highest. Manning is an obedient churchman, who believes in the infallibility of the Pope, and he was rewarded for MR loyalty by being made Cardinal by amiable old Pio None ; while Newman, who was proved by a letter which he never intended to be published to have his own independent notions on the temporal power, was not held in high regard at the Vatican. The tables are now turned, for it is rumoured that the present Pope has a poor opinion of Cardinal Manning, and a very high one of Cardinal Newman. It must be said, in justice to Dr. Manning, that the universal respect in which he is held amongst all classes of Englishmen arises from the consistency of his life, his efforts in the cause of a temperance and various philanthropic movements, and the unobtrusive manner in which he administers the affairs of the Catholic churches under his sway in Great Britain. had no been placed in the position of Dr, Wiseman in 1860 when the cry of Romish aggression was raised, depend upon it his effigy would not have been burned throughout the land. Not that he is half-hearted or timid. On one famous occasion, I remember, he presided at a great Catholic meeting in St. James's Hall, to support the temporality of the Pope, but his speech was surprisingly tame when compared with those of others, notably that of the Earl of Denbigh, who created a great sensation by declaring that he was a Catholic first and an Englishman afterwards. He is essentially a man of peace and quietness, who is more at home in the solitude of his oratory, or amongst the poor of St. Giles's on St. Patrick's Day, than in the saloons of the great, or the blaze and fragrance of imposing ceremonials. Yet he does go into the best of society, and is welcome there, though he is not the kind of man to be chosen by the author of Lothair to play off against the wiles of an Anglican bishop. The brilliant priest who gave Disraeli the character of his Monsignor Catesby (Monsignor Capel) has, since the publication of the novel, passed under a cloud, and soon found that his mild and gentle Archbishop could rule with a firm hand. Cardinal Manning believes that a priest should have no dalliance with the world, but that, having made himself a soldier of the cross, he should devote himself henceforth to showing the people under his charge an example of sacrifice and work, himself, it must be admitted, he, set the example. said. 