3fI' .T B~ISHOP O' SgAtDIHU&RS; Tha most Rev. Dr. Crane,. Bishop of Shudhurst, arrived. at Heathcote on Saturday Test,, accompanied by the Rev. Father Carolan, pastor. of' the district. The· object, of iis.Lordship's visit was.to administer the. Sacrament of Confitmstion in. the local. chnrch.on the' following day. On Sunday l5th.inst., Masse was.cele brated at S.n.m. by thie. Bishop. The Rev. Father Carolan, celebrated! Mass at 11 n.m.. after which, lis. Lordship addressedl the congregation. on, their spiritual duties, explaining in, clear- and powerful language the. necessity of prayer, attendance at church! on. Sun days, epproaching and receiving the Sacrament,. and; finally the. duty1 of giving.good exomple.. On thislatter point he feelingly addressed: himself to parents of children,.mwo.he said; were bound in the.sight of God to look after their souls, The. example. ot parents had a. great effect either. for good or evil on the minds.and: actions1 of their little ones. He exhorted them, there fore for their own. sake and' especially for the sake of. their children, to, lead good christian, lives,. on. alk occasions endeavouring to bring up their offspring in.the love. and: fear.. of God;, and to further. this. object they should: use every effort to give them a good train ing by means, of, a, good, religious ed uceation.. his Lordship, aext aaaressen, im self tothe.children who. were about to receive confirmation, admpnishing them. of the, nature of the. Sacrament-They. were. about to. receive in, it the seven.gifts.of the. Holy Ghost. They were, going to. acquire. sevenfold strength in their spiritual, warfare, to put on.the armour and.carry the shield 'which,would protect them in the. hour of- temptation-A. sacrament which -would-be an incentive to keep alive the spirit of religion. Let them. therefore pray. that: the. Hply Ghost that day, ,wilt.the manifold gifts, may descend upon themand.enkindle in their, hearts ,tha fire of this holy love. At the conclusion- of.fis.. Lordship's instruqtion, which was listenbl.to with great attention, andimade a, deep. im pression, the children about lo be con firmed, numbering 64; aud. vho. were 'for the previous few. weeks undergoing catechtical instruvtion undei the super vision of the Rev Father COolan, were presented to, receiva thei Sacrament. They, were, neatly attired. the. girls being all attirea in white, nd presented. an imposing appearance, dud bothboys and, girls. seemed. deelly impressed with the ,nlemnitx.of toi c npsion. His Lorship; then, assisted by the Rev. Father Carolon adinmistered the Sacrament, after which lie again in en couraging lnauouage. addressed the children; .and thus ended. a ceremony whichwill long remain in the memorr of those whowero present, and which ivill form, a remarkable date in th, lives of the young people: who re ceived,the Sacrament of Confirmntion. In. the. eveninn. the. Bihop an ing words of thea42nd verse, 10th chap ter of the Gospel accerding to St Luke " One thing is necessary." Thetouch ing story,of the.rEsponse of' Our Lord to rary was.. explpned. in clear and eloquent.language. He then., dwelt on the perishing nature of worldly wealth -its emptiness. We should not place our hearts on the things of this world, for all is fleeting, and passing, there is nothing sure but heaven His Lordship ended a very able dis-?. course by encouraging all to a better state and asking them to resolve on re- pairing.their past fhilings, and leading more perfect lives. On Monday morning, accompanied by Father.Carolan, His Lordship pro ceeded to Mount Pleasant, where he was, the guest for the night of, ffr L. Byrne-On Tuesday mornimg he. proceeded: to. Toolleen Church, where mass was celebrated. at 10 arm.. by the Rev Father Carolan, after which 66 :children were presented. for Confir mation. The Bishop suitably addressed the .chuildren obefore and after, when.the proceedings, terminated 