Chapter VII.~Three Years To-DAy. j It was all over the tattling little town of Westerton next morning that Mrs. Gordon had eloped with Fred Bevis. It was an indis putable fact, and the proofs were as strong as Holy Writ. Nothing could be clearer than this case which set the gossips'tongues in motion; the young wife had taken advantage of her husband's absence and fled; here was one more sad page to the big, bad volume of men's and women's lives. "What could I think myself even, after the days had dragged on and never a word from her or Fred ? The silence was that of sin, although my trustful heart refused to be con vinced, and my ears were ringing yet with Mary Gordon's parting words. I saw no more of her desolate husband. I wrote to him once, asking if he had heard any news of Mary, and the answer that came hack was monosyllabic, "None." It was rumored in the town he was going abroad in search of her, and presently that he had shut himself in his own house and refused to see his friends, or be tortured by their sympathy with his dishonor. He will recover shortly ; he will face the world again, and get the better of his trouble—get a divorce and a second wife more faithful to him. These were a few of the prophecies current in Wester ton, but as time rolled on I feared for him. It is possible! tha*: there came to my heart even a wish to tielp him by kind words ; never a wish to marry him, f know, and that the picture which the ser vants drew of his solitary life, his seclusion in the library where the books remained un opened, and he sat staring into empty space, touched me with its hopeless misery. I had loved the man once, I had hoped for his happiness with her he preferred before my self, and his isolation vjas fearful to consider. I hadj! known how proud and susceptible a man he was, and I could guess how the blow had fallen upon him. He would go mad. That was to be the end of the story—there was no chance for him which any one could see, if he took the trouble of his life in that grim, vawful manner. Friends sent to him their advice at last, and got no answer from him; they had long since ceased to call at a house where they were invariably refused admission by its master; only one servant in it, even, had an opportunity of waiting upon him; the rest were warned to keep beyond the precincts of his library and bedroom as they valued remaining in his service. He only wanted peace and rest, he asserted—was there any one living who would begrudge it him? Sometimes the temptation came to me to write him a long letter, to tell him of my last meeting with Mary, and all that she had said; and more than once, as the time went on and wrought no change in him, it was a temptation almost irresistible. I could not account for it—the words were an idle mockery now, and would but aggravate his pain; and yet, towards the winter again, T, found myself sitting, pen in hand, at my deals,' resolved to dare the message. There was 'a' story, about this time that Fred and Mrsr Gordon had been seen together in Dresden,' and that stopped me again. One of those busybodies whose faculties lie in remember ing faces, and who, perforce, are men of in numerable mistakes, came back to Westertoii to maintain that he had seen them, and there could be no possibility of error. Well, well, it was natural that he should not be mistaken, and so an end to it. Such news as that might stir the misanthrope at "The Limes'' to action, and would surely reach, after the fashion of such news ; hut no movement was made by the injured husband, and days stole on imperceptibly towards the well-remem bered Christmas-time when he had married" Mary, and again when, after a year of misery, he had grown hopeful of " sweet reconcilement." It was the twenty-third of December at last. It had come round to the day of her flight—her wedding-day, too, chosen out of sheer revenge, her husband would always think. It wa3 a contrast to the bitter weather of the last two Christmases; people said it was like the autumn again, the days were so bright and sunny, and the fields so fresh and. green. Three years to-day, I thought, since Conrad Gordon's wedding. In what way was he keeping its anniversary in his lonely house? All day that thought weighed me down ; I could see him in his library, with the shadows thick upon him, and his dark face, set and immobile. It was the one figure by which I was haunted. I did not go out—I did not work, or write, or read. The early night found me still brooding before the fire light, in much the same way as I had done a twelvemonth since, only the hour "was late then, and the snow upon the ground. I was not thinking of Mary Gordon—I am pre pared to affirm here solemnly—only of her husband in his trouble, and wondering when it would end ; it is just possible it might be a delusion, and I its victim to this day. But as I cowered over the faint embers of the fire in my darkening room I felt two hands upon my shoulders, pressing down upon me fondly, and a voice whispering suddenly and awfully in my ears the last four words that Mary Gordon had ever spoken to me— " You will votfi.rgei !" _ They were words slowly and solemnly de livered—not the far-off echo of a memory twelve months old—and I cowered down still more in my alarm with the pressure of the two hands still upon me. Even her name escaped me aloud. " Mary!" I rohrmured; " my poor Mary!" and then the words came to my ears again, but this time changed somewhat, or my ner vous fancies were betraying me— " You IvTU.st not forget /" The pressure passed away, and I stool up panting and afraid, with my eyes glaring into the shadows of the room, where there was a something vague and misty, moving from me with its hands outspread as if in supplication. A something that was like Mary Gordon in face and figure, as seen at a distance through a veil, or with faint lines of snowdrift glancing athwart it—a vision from another world. I gave a scream and fainted. When I came to myself the room was lighted up, and Phoebe was stooping over me with a glass of water in her hand. "Are you better, Miss Bevis?" she en quired. " What's the matter ? Have I been ill ? " I heard you scream and ran in and found you in a swoon," was the reply. " Did—did you meet any one as you came in ?" "No, ma'am—not anybody." " Draw the curtains, please, and leave me to myself." Phoebe executed my commands, and I was left to think of all that had happened. Was it a warning or the effect of an imagination overwrought? Had I brooded too deeply upon this, or was Mary Gordon dead and unable to rest in her grave ? I was not super stitious; I had always laughed at supersti tious folk, but the impression on my mind was not to be thought down or shaken off too readily. I had heard Mary's voice. I had seen something so like Mary, too, that I was ghost-haunted. "You-will not forget,"had been whispered in my ears, and I had for gotten ! I had made a promise and failed to keep it—I was untrue to my trust. I was wholly in the wrong. I came to a sudden determination; I would go to Conrad Gordon that very evening, and tell him all his wife had said. I might be re fused admittance with thereat, but at the worst I could send in my message to him. It might do good; it might change the whole current of his thoughts. I had been too long silent, knowing more than he did. I rang the bell, and a3ked for my hat and cloak. I gave Phoebe instructions to accom pany me also. We were standing in the hall together, ready to depart, when a knocking and ringing at the door startled us. I had few visitors, and none at so late an hour. The clock was striking eight. . " Who can it be ?" said Phoebe. osi: " It is Conrad Gordon," I answerediT 1 " Oh! good gracious, I hope it ishfo or I shall think yorrre quite a witch, Miss Bievis." " Open the door, please. Quick!" y Phoebe obeyed my direction, angl my brother stepped into the house. " Fred! you have come back then." 0fr " Yes, Beekie ; why should I not?" ifas the first question. "To face your accusers; to prove that their calumnies are false," I continued. " Calumnies," repeated my brother." What calumnies?" "You don't know?" I exclaimed, with a half scream of delight. " You have nob heard!" "Not a word." " You did not take Mary Gordon from her husband's home—you did not ?" "From her home—Mary—as God's my judge, no," he answered solemnly. " Come with me at once to ' The Limes 1"' I cried, "Heaven has surely sent you here to-night." "But I don't understand," said Fred; "you bewilder me. Why should I go ? What has become of Mary Gordon? When did she leave her home ?" " I will explain as we go along." " I said I would never enter that house," he said, hesitatingly. "I promised her I " " Fred," I cried, " am I to doubt you again ? Am I to believe you are not telling me the truth ?" " It is all true I have said, but " "But Mary is dead—I have seen her ghost to-night." "Are you mad?" "And justice must be done to her." " God forbid she is dead," said my brother, shuddering. "It is Gordon who says that this day twelvemonth you were at his place." " It is true." " And that you went away with Mary ?" "It is a cruel lie," he exclaimed. "Yes, let us go and tell him that at once." I took him at his word—I gave him no time to hesitate again. We went out into the night together. 