\wsssssm -i The second social evening of the Sydney Liedertafel demonstrated in a remarkable maimer the progress of the members in their interpretation of vocal music, the excessive popularity of tne society with the public, and the anxiety of non-members to attend the per formances, and, above all, the imperative want of a music hall or suitable building in which large gather ings may be held. The Masonic nail was quite insuffi cient to accommodate the audience. The night was warm, and from the time the privilege of indulging in the fragrantweed was exercised the atmosphere wasnot pleasant. Sir Patrick Jennings, K.C.M.G., carried out his portion of the entertainment in the most abundant and genial manner. The part-songs were exceedingly well rendered, Kreutzer's ' Chapel' being pre eminent for delicacy, light, and shade. ' The Miller's Daughter' 'wa6 a novelty, and the 6ong or the reiterated assertion ' She is mine ' so much de lighted the audience that it was repeated. The in strumental concerted music was far below the vocal in quality of execution ; but with the solos the posi tion was reversed. Mr. F. M'Quade was the pianist, and has rarely been heard in numbers which worded greater proof of his rare gifts. The valse in E minor, one of Chopin's ' GSuvres Posthumes,' showed the player's perfect mastery of the Polish composer's style ; and the fantasia air, ' Mose,' was a brilliant rendering of one of the best settings of a melody which will always keep alive the genius of Rossini. Of Thalberg's many transcriptions, few are more gene rally attempted and rarely well played than this ; the Thalberg school is almost extinct, but there is abundant charm in the style when, as in the present case, the executant is really sympathetic. As encore Mr. M'Quade gave Stephen Hel ler's ' Tarantelle.' Mr. Sweatman played in excellent style a bravura air on the cornet, and was much appreciated. Mr. Ashcroft Ed wards is to he congratulated on the genuine advance of the society, though the selection of songs might have been better. During an interval, Mr. S. A. Joseph proposed a vote of thanks to the president. Sir P. Jen nings, for his hospitality, which was carried by accla mation, and felicitously acknowledged by the recipient. Mr. Charles Turner's benefit at tbe Opera-house on Friday, 13th instant, was the occasion of a crowded house assembling, the maj ority doubtless being anxious to show their appreciation of the arduous efforts of the beneficiaire for their entertainment during the season, and some persons were probably anxious to see and hear how Signor Vittorini would acquit himself in opera, he having been announced to play Count Arnheim in ' The Bohemian Girl.' Mr. Turner first won the favour of the Sydney public as Thaddeus in this opera, and on Friday his performance was as vigorous as on the original night, and his singing better than in any opera this season. The good feeling of the audience was abundantly shown. A wreath and several bouquets of flowers were thrown to him ; and although the tenor accepted but one encore, he might have repeated each solo as it came. Miss Annis Montague's representation of Arline has had our warmest praise ; it was given on the evening in question with the-full charm of previous occasions ; in one respect it was exceptional, inasmuch as for the first time, we believe, the lady sang Balfe's music only, and refrained from interpolating the song ' It was a dream,' which, though 6ung with much taste, was, in our opinion, unsuited to the place and an unwarranted inter ference with the composer's work ; the omission, we think, very wise. Miss Montague fully and deservedly shared in the applause bestowed on the performance of Thaddeus, and was compelled to repeat her charming rendering of ' Marble Halls.' Mr. John Gordon was in fine voice ; and, though he made one great blunder by starting too soon in the trio of the last act, his Devilshoof shows real progess both as a singer and actor. Signora Yenosta was the Gipsy Queen. She acted well, but the libretto is very strange to her still. As Florestan, Mr. Percy Shannon did creditably. The Count Arnheim was weak and ineffective. The performance, dramatically, was much below the average. The representative was far from perfect in the dialogue, and was ill at ease in the vocal portion. On Saturday ' The Rose of Castile ' was given for the first time this season, but tbe representation calls for little remark beyond the favour which Miss Montague won as the Queen in her dual role of princess and peasant ; the picturesque appearance of Miss Deakin, though her voice is too light for the part of Donna Carmen, when playing the peasant ; and the robust version of the Muleteer by Mr. Turner. Mr. Gordon's voice is too low for the music of Don Pedro, but the singer was, nevertheless, so effective in the martial air, 'Hark! haik! methinks I hear,' that an encore was insisted upon. The scenery in the first act was very good; throughout the season much care has been bestowed in this department, considering how rapidly the operas have been changed. ' II Trovatore' and ' Lucrezia Borgia' have been heard again during the week, and the season closed on Friday with a well-merited benefit to Miss Annis Montague. Of this performance we must speak in our next issue. To-night (Saturday) one of the greatest favourites that have ever appeared in Australia in opera bouffe, Miss Emelie Melville, opens at the Opera-house in Richard Genee's opera, 'Der Seecadet,' under its English title, 'The Royal Middy,' which will be heard for the first time in Sydney. This opera was produced in Melbourne simultaneously with the open ing of the International ETxhibition, when Miss Annis Montague and Mr. Chas. Turner played the parts which will now be taken by Miss Melville and Mr. Aimes Beaumont. Mr. Farley, as in the original cast, plays . Don Jannario. The scene of the opera is laid in Lisbon. Don Lamberto (Mr. Beaumont) has, in less than a year from his joining the Portuguese service, become colonel, rear-admiral, and governor of the Royal Naval Academy ; he is also officer of dragoons, con fidential adviser of the marines, and filled numerous other offices. Long ago, when simply a lieutenant of infantry quartered in Paris, he fell in love with a charming actress, Fanchetta (Miss Melville). Now he is high in favour with the Queen of Portugal, and in reality has been privately married. Fanchetta, ignorant of the change, writes to her lover, announcing her arrival in Lisbon. She comes, and Lamberto is sorely puzzled how to please her, keep peace with the Queen, and baffle the Chainberlain.who is very curious. A nephew of the Queen is sent to Lisbon to become a pupil in the Royal Naval School. To get rid of a diffi culty, Lamberto persuades Fanchetta to personate the hoy ; the actress forthwith becomes the Royal Middy. In the interval she has been seen by Don Jannario (Mr Farley), a man of fabulous wealth, who fnll« in love with her. He is struck by the likeness of the Royal Middy to the beautiful Fanchetta. The sailor resents his freedom, and a duel is the consequence. After numberless trials all ends well. There is & capital part for a comedian, and one very interesting feature of the business is & Royal chess tournament, in which the game is played before tbe Queeu by -living pieces. The music is bright and good;; * the company numerous, and including, besides Jhe * artists already named, singers of known ability, M. Leon Caron is the conductor of the new company. 'Patience' is drawing large houses at the Royal, hut is to he played only a few nights longer, when a : comic opera, ' La Mascotte,' by E. Audran, the com poser of ' Olivette,' will be produced for the first . time in Australia. The music is very sparkling, does not aim at great depth, and contains some numbers which are very attractive, and more than- one of musical merit. 'La Mascotte' (the luck- bringer) has a good p'ot ; and although the . French libretto contained much that was doubtful, this has been eliminated by the English translators. Messrs. Farnie and Reece, who deserve complimenting on the success of their somewhat ungrateful task. ' La Mascotte ' depends for favour on higher grounds than 'Olivette;' it is essentially a comic opera. Miss Maggie Moore will play the heroine ; Mr, Woodfield, the new tenor, will sing in this ; and the other princi pal characters will be taken by Miss Nellie Stewart, Mr. H. R. Harwood, Mr. .Edwin Kelly, and Signor Verdi, with other prominent members- in the company. Miss Louise Pomeroy on Saturday night played Leah, in the well-known drama, 'Leah the For saken,' and on Monday assumed, for the first time in Sydney, the part of Hamlet, in Sliakspeare's grand tragedv. We confess ourselves opposed to tbe idea of a feminine Hamlet, and regret that an actress should he induced to 6pend the time and study „ which the preparation for such a part involves for ? what can never be more than a qualified success.' After this protest, we can say candidly that Miss Pomeroy's attempt showed that she had devoted her best mental power? to the work she undertook, and that at times she was as effective as her friends could desire; but her make-up was more picture3que than correct according to tradition, her memory was occasionally treacherous, and her elocu- 1 tion strained and jerky. The famous 'To be' | soliloquy was singularly artificial ; in the meeting with Ophelia planned by Polonius and the King, when Hamlet feels he is watched, there were gleams of originality in the business. In the play scene the ' Irring order ' was changed, and not for the better ; and by the end of the third act the strain to which the voice was subjected had made the speaker quite hoarse. Miss Pomeroy was recalled several times, and if she failed to imDress as Hamlet she was certainly a very handsome fioy. Miss Essie Jenyns pleased much by her unaffected acting of Ophelia, Miss Kate Arden was magnificently dressed as the Queen, Mr. Holloway was impressive as the Ghost, and Mr. Arthur Elliott was a good Laertes ; the rest, in racing parlance, were ' nowhere.' To-night (Saturday) Miss Rosa Towers, so famous as an infant prodigy, will reappear at the Gaiety after an absence of seven years from the Sydney stage. She will he supported by Messrs. Ireland, Frank Cates, Joyce, Rainford, Buckley, and Towers, and by Miss Emma Bronton (new to Sydney), Mrs. Marion Stammers, Misses Nellie Playfair, Therese Horan,and May Vivian. The opening comedy is ' Truth,' by Howard Bronton, for the first time in Australia. There has been active life in the world of music and drama in Melbourne during the last three weeks, and in the latter numerous changes. The popularity of ' Boccaccio' 6eems to be evergreen ; it is now in its seventh week, and still retains a firm hold on public favour. The Opera-house is also a source of attrac tion, owing to the electric lighting system there adopted. At the Princess's ' Tambour Major' has been revived ; and ' Patience ' was played for one ?- night, on the occasion of Mi6s Nellie Stewart's bene fit, the beneficiaire singing in the rdle hitherto filled by Miss Alice Rees, who has of late contented her self with concert-singing. Mr. and Mrs. Polk opened in 'The Strategist' on the 30th ultimo, and the piece is still running with great success so far as act ing and audiences go; hut it is not of first-rate order of merit, and seems to have been named on the lucus a uon lucendo principle, be cause the plot has nothing to do with strategy. Mr. and Mrs. Polk have taken a firm hold on public favour, and are not 'likely to regret their visit to Melbourne. The lady is of particular value as a singer, both in voice and style. Those who recollect the magnificent acting of their agent, Signor Majeroni, regret that he is unable to revive their pleasure in witnessing his Essex, Old Corporal, and other characters. But for the former there would be no Elizabeth ; Ristori is gone, and so is the Queen. The Melbourne popular concerts now draw full houses at the Athenaeum, composed chiefly of ladies. Mr. Guenett has spared no pains or expense in presenting two programmes and efficient artistes ; and the conse quence is that the second series, which closed last Wednesday, leaves him no gainer ; an extra concert will, therefore, be given for his, the conductor's, benefit. The last three concerts have been noteworthy chiefly for the fine performances of the Mozart G minor quintette and the Beethoven quintetteforpiano and reed instruments and French horn ; in this, however, Mr. Guenett showed a falling-off in his playing, as he did in Chopin's 'Marche Funebre' at a former concert; but he amply atoned by his splendid playing of the C sharp minor polonaise by the same master. The Beethoven septua and Schubert quartette, op. 29, have also been played ; but the greatest work produced has been the grand Hummel septua, op. 74, for piano, viola, 'cello, contra basso, flute, oboe, and horn. Herr Max Vogrich was the pianist, and the other instruments were in the hands of the players who regularly appear at these concerts. The effect of the performance, especially of the 6cherzo, cannot be overstated. The Melbourne Musical Festival Association is * ! pushing on with its preparations for Christmas with vigour. The executive committee has issued an en couraging progress report, in which, however, it states that the committee has failed to induce one of the lead ing lady vocalists in London to accept an engagment. Two large and successful benefit concerts have been given, since our last report, in the Town Hall ; one for Sir. Moroney, the basso, who goes to England .to fol low his profession of vocalist, and the other for Mr. Philip Plaisted, a most modest and estimable man and good musician ; he is the senior organist of Md bourne, and has just recovered from protracted illness. Mr. Sheridan received a bumper benefit at the Royal on the 29th ultimo. The performance, ' Merchant of Venice,' was under the patronage of the literary club of Melbourne, the Yorick, ' and was most successful, so* far as the part of Shy lock is concerned; but Jessica ill suited Miss Davenport, whose peculiar pronuncia tion of -words containing the letter *'r,' and want of familiarity with the part, were defects sadly detrimental to the general effect. It will scarcelybe believed that the tragedy was preceded by 'The O'Tcole's Castle ' and a musical mfilange. For Miss Davenport's benefit, which followed on the 6th instant, ' Ingomar ' was played, and there was again a muBical display, in which Mr. Riccardi and Miss Jenny Lee took part, the former singing ElliottVfine and too little known song of 'Hybrias the Cretan, translated from the Greek Anthology by Campbell, and the lady vocalist gave the popular song, Jiis heart was true to Poll.' Sheridim took his Jewell in ' King Lear ' on the 13th, and will soon receive a second benefit, at which all leading managers and aitists will assist. 