The Electric Light at the Redfern Railway Station. (From the S.M. Herald.) Every effort made in the colony to keep pace with the older communities of the world in those modern inventions, improvements, and adaptations which add to the convenience and comfort of the populace, and individuals should meet with hearty encouragement, and no little interest should be felt in their being successfully introduced and carried out in our midst. The spirit of progress which has marked the advance of our public institu- tions, commerce, and indeed has been of late years a characteristic of all the various de- partments which make up the business and social life of our colony is well marked by the present determination of the Government to use the electric light in connection with the public depots and buildings of the city. It is comparatively a few years since the electric light, as a general illuminating power, was the subject of very marked scepticism, and it was not till it had been shown beyond doubt, in America and on the Continent, that it could be-and most successfully so utilized as a means of illumination far su- perior to gas or oil, that this want of confi- dence was overcome. At the present time the electric light is used in nearly all the principal cities of the world ; and nearly every _ month its power and quality are being improved through the experience gained by those who have to superintend its production and use One of the great difficulties which have yet to be completely conquered is the production, with ordinary care, and under circumstances involving no extraordinary outlay, of full and equable light, one combining all the brilliancy of that from electricity with the steadiness of the light given by ordinary gas. There is no illuminating power so susceptible to the least possible variation of current as that produced by electricity. The most minute increase or decrease of force is registered by a corresponding fluctuation of the light, and since the electric current is generated from the frictional power pro- duced by the revolution of machinery by steam pressure, every unequal motion of the pnrta of that machinery affects the light. This has been the great difficulty which Mr. Cracknell, Superintendent of Electric Telegraphs, and his staff of assistants has had to contend against since the electric light ha3 been introduced at the Redfern Railwy Station, and it accounts for the varying intensity of the . illumination which has been so generally noticed by those vibiting the station. To lessen, or, if possible, to entirely do away with this fluctuation, has been the object of the time and attention bestowed upon this matter by the gentleman named, and his assistants, and their efforts have been so far successful that the defect referred to has beou to a great extent remedied. When it ia borne in miud, as wo have remarked, that the electric light is most susceptible to variation of force, and when we state that the force is produced in this case by an ordinary portable engine, the fluctuation in the light becomes almost a matter of necessity. It will only be with the more easy working of tue belts and portions of the machinery which can alone be secured by experience of defects and shortcomings, and the consequent remedying and adjustment of them by those superintending the work-that the desired equality of light can be Becured. The steam engine Ji>ed to work the machinery is a Mar- shall's portable of 12-horse power, which drives three of WeBton's dynamo-electric generators. » Each of theße generators is cap- able of working five "arc" electric lamps. At present two of the generators supply ten lampB with " arc" lights, and the remain» ing one supplies twenty-two of Swan'a incandescent lamps. These ten " arc " lights ' are distributed as follows; three at each platform of arrival and departure inside the station, one at each end of the station in the centre of the arch, and one on either side in the verandah for arrival and departure. The lights, which are each at least of 2000 candle power, are toned down by thick opal glass globes. It is a common error to suppose that all electric light is of a ghastly blue colour, very suggestive of the blue fire that heralds the arrival of the ghost in a Richardson's show. This is not the case with the Weston light but it is, on the contrary, of an intense white. Another prejudice against the light, and one especially urged by ladies, is that in some caaes it destroys colour, and in other cases-that of rouge on the cheek, for example-exposes it " most awkwardly," and consequently an electric light at a ballroom would be a very "skeleton at a feast." In the case of the light produced at the Redfern Station such is not the case, the most delicate colour boing dis- tinguishable, and the tones and lines ol' u picture being seen with it almost as distinctly and purely as by daylight. A short descrip- tion of the means by which the light is pro- duced may not be out of place. Each lamp is connected with one or other of the generators referred to by a wire. The wire being connected with the lamp, which is in height about two feet and a half, the electric current passes along it to the upper ,or " positive " carbon through electro-magnet coila, which serve to regulate the distance of separation between this carbon and the lower one. The resistance offered to the current in passing from the upper carbon to the lower, through this place of separation, creates an intense white light known as the " arc " light in contra-diatinction to the incandescent light which ia produced by a continuous conductor of very great resistance at the points where the carbons come in contact. In other words the " arc " light in distinction to the incandescent light is pro- duced by the separation of the carbon points, immediately after the current has been established through the momentary con- tact of the two poiuts. Any one of these lamps can be cut out of circuit without interfering with any other; or any one of them can be renewed with fresh carbon with- out at all interfering with ita fellows. As the lamps and all the apparatua connected with them-imported for tho Government by H. H. Kingsbury, agent for the Weaton electric latnp-had never been worked before being set up at the Redfern station, there was no little difficulty in getting them into order ; but,, by experience and experiment, no doubt they will very speedily be brought into perfect condition, and will prove, it is to be hoped, the complete success here they have proved elsewhere. Last evening Mr. Good chap, Commissioner of Railways, and a num- ber of other gentlemen were, under the superintendence of Mr. Cracknell, shown the machinery in connection with the production of the light, and every courtesy was displayed to the visitors in explaining the many intri- cacies neceBBarily associated with the work and apparatus. A third infernal machine waB found the other night placed in the veatibule of a house in New York, which the perpetrators of the act supposed to be occupied by the superin- tendent of police. They were mistaken in the number, as he lives four doors further along the street. The machine exploded, but caused only some slight damage. It was wrapped in a copy of Borne Socialistic paper, like that sent to Mr. Vánderbilt The Socialista have a grudge againBt the superin- tendent because he refused to allow them to parade on Sunday, to lay the corner stone of a new Labour Lyceum in Brooklyn, the city laws forbidding Sunday parades of all kinds. Emigration into America continues to be of enormous volume. Five thousand persons landed at New York on April 29. All obtain employment, especially farm hands and house- . hold servants ; and Irish girls without recom- mendations step immediately into places at from ten dollars to sixteen dollars wages monthly. Skilled labour is in great demand. Most of the emigrants leave New York im- mediately for situations already obtained in the West or South. . ' According to intelligence received^ from Moscow, the merchants have addressed a memorial to the Minister of Finance, com-, plaining of the loss caused to trade by the,, anti-Jewish riotB. 