ADELAIDE SPORT. V on our S.A. Correspondent. Adklatpb, 25th February, WJt ate just now in a waiting attitude. Being a the eve of our racing campaign, and tin dates not having yet arrived for seeing the weights of any of oar big events, wo are taking a breather" before active oneraiianB are commenced, or we are casting our eyes nroea the water at the forthcoming events at FJcningtoa A few of our South Australian sportsmen will be represented at the V.B.C. meeting, but a wiftUtr number kr> arse at > first anticipated. Mr. Baviil will remain at home, X believe, and so will Mr. Jordan. About ; next Wednesday Mr. Hill will leave with First Water, Totalieator, and his own mare, Toon- ketoben, and Mr. frigate will take over Roe buck and Struck Oil. These horses are all well, and First Water and Totalizator are look ing the very picture of health and strength. First Water has thickened considerably, a"d looks a big little horse, that at the first glance would deceive the eye as to his nip'Hnp, until on closer observation one would find that he is as hard as nails, and there is no superfluous flesh about him, although he looks well nourished. Z think Mill will run into a forward position with both his charges in the two big events; but he is, of course, not of suc- cessful, as fist 81b. is a thumping import for a little horse tike First Water, and <et gib. is quite enough for Totalieator in the Handicap amongst the company he will meet there. IS truck Oil used to be very fast for three-quarters of a mile, pn«i if he is well on the day he will the pace pretty warm before he is beaten. There are some here who have a weakness for The Ghost, and I think he has something more than the ghost of a wrflp. Our jumping representative, Roebuck, is a good hone, and may appear to advantage on this occasion. Snowstorm's leg still bothers him, so that he could not be trusted to do any leaping. £v the way, Verdi, the toother to Grevstunc, has just arrived here, and goes into tVatsoirt hands. The Onkaparinga meeting up at Woodtdde is always a favourite outiug, and the liberal amounts offered by the committee, namely, for the Uurdle6, 60 sovs. j Oukaparinga Cup, 150 sors. ; and oteepJecha&e;, 150 eors., hare brought out very good eoU'ies— no less than 20 for the Hurdios, .7 ibr the Cup, and 22 for the Steeple. We generally get good weather at Onkaparinga, and, as Easttr Monday is a genera) hulioay, buodrede drive the twenty miles <Uiuugi> the hiiK ibr the sake of enjoying a ready good outiug. TbecJub always make their ineetiugs pay, so that they ore in a very good way, ami talk of enlarging their new grand stand. Next Tupsdav we shall Rto the weights for the Great Northern ra<cs. Then our interest io the meeting will be excited in real earnest. The Steeplechase entries are not nearly so good as last year, when fiussex and Himalaya came over, but we have no deubt the meeting will be a successful one, as it is usually well carried out by Mr. Gtiddon and his fellow-workers, aud tbev are not likely to let anythiug be undone tliat might lead to a success on this occasion. Tho club have one grievance, and that is with the Railway department, who will not lower the heights for boras, but 1 believe a deputation will wait upon the present Commissioner and again advance some of the arguments that were unsuccessfully piaced before his predecessor. There is an unbroken line of railway now opeD froui the metropolis to Gladstone, and it would be a disgrace to the department if, owing to a prohibitory tariff, the boras were sent up bv road instead of by roil. Now that the "rival metropolitan racing clubs are fairly iu the field with their programmes, and they hfiTe done with the "poker" game of raising each other, we are all hoping that they will be really well patronised by owners on your side ©V the water. Leaving over the vexed question of whether the A.R.C. is a "club' ' iu the strict sense of the term, or not, the majority of the racing public here hope to see Me&ars.; Blackler and Ferry moke a success of their Queen's Birthday meeting. They have put forward a fairly liberal, though not alto gether a papular programme, aud will provide very good sport for those who attend the four days' gathering. They have accepted tenders to the amount of £1075 for their new grand stand, and it will cost another thousand for their fencing and the erection of the new totalieator room. With their new stand aod the added money to the stakes, the lessees are incurring a liability of something like seven thousand pounds over their May meeting, but they hAve very little doubt about reocupiug themselves if they can maintain their preseut stand. They have' announced another Park meeting for the Utb March, and have put forward a neat programme of six events, to which they give £225. Nominations on Tuesday next. What owners and trainers have to bear in mind is that Thursday next, 2nd March, is the day of nomination for the Adelaide Cup and Goodwood Handicap. Such a prize as the Adelaide Cuj>, of this year, has never yet been offered by any dub in the colonies, except the V.R.C., "and when it is remembered that a thousand pounds and gold cup, value oue hun dred. are absolutely given iu addition to the sweepstakes of 10 bovb., it will be seen what a good thing there is to go for. and owners can ee their weights by the investment of two sovs. only. There wa® a trotting match during the week in which O'Reilly's Butch had a very hollow victory over Savers' Mnuggler, on the old course, iu a Hiile aod a half spin ibr £50 a-side. The lare people iutend holding two days' raring oo April 16 and 19, and intend construct ing anew course and grand stand iu the Iurhi- quin paddock, on the outskists of the township- The weights for the North West Bend races, will be louuit appended; also the entries for Onkaparinga. The coursing club have received very tory uoiuioaton> for their Derby and Oaks Makes, for which acceptances are due on 17th March. Coursing and racing men jointly regret the accideut to Mr. V. B. Rounsevell that will con fine hitu to bis bed for a few weeks. He tell down stain when going down to breakfast and broke the cap of one or his knees. Although an invalid he keeps his spirits up, and his numerous friends are attentive in their calls. 