THEATRICAL GOSSIP. We take the following from a London paper. Ever on the alert for something to amuse and bewilder their patrons at their "Home of Mystery," Piccadilly, Messrs. Maskelyne & Cooke have_ brought wieir 1 inventive genius once more into requisition, and intiroduced into the programme a clever i" Spiritualistic Sketch," entitled " A Spirit i Case,: dr. Mrs.' Daffodil Downy?s Light < and • Dark, Stance." The characters in :thifi clever ghost illusion comprise a Sir Everleigh Staid,: ' a rich widower, yrho has : fixed his affections . upon Mrs. Daffodil Downy, but who is un able to marry her inconsequenceof his having ■ promised his late wife that he 'wttnld never ' marry again. Mrs. Downy being ih straitened i circumstances, and consequently anxious for ! the union, takes into her , confidence; Dr. I Blade, a spirit medium. A stance is arranged . in which the supposed spirit of Lady Staid appears, and releases Sir Everleigh from his 1 promise, and consents to hiB marriage with Mis.: Downy. The Bketch (mens with Dr. Blade, and ms assistant, Mr. Morsel, prepar ing for the stance. A small_ platform, upon legs about a foot and, a half high, is placed in the centre of the stage!-. Upon one end'Of tins platform four upright brass rods! are fixed, and upon the . top of these rods 184 light frame carrying a curtain. These preparations are made jn; vie\g ;pf; the audience, and it .appears, /utteijly impossible. that, aqy human agericy chh. be employed 'within this Biinple enclosure, yet the most unaccountable maui fefltationsarO produced. Those taking jart in. the. scSan'ce sit round a' table m the fall light: of the; haB;. Dr. Blade , singing on amusing and original, song entitled '..The Sweet Spirit at Home," the refrain of which is enough to raise the risibility of tne most Berions pf the audience. This song has been composed Sy Mr. Maskelyne as a burlesque upon; the absurd hymns sung by the Spiritualists "to harmonise the .influences. On the close of the song the table moves, and raps out the name of Lady" Staid. Morsel, the doctor's medium, becomes entranced, the curtains are lowered, and, although the mediuin remains outside the enclosure above described, manifestations immediately take place; inside sweet music is heard from a violin, hands are seen, and the face of a female appears, which is at once recognised by Sir Everleigh as that of his late wife. The hall being thrown into total# darkness, the spirit form emerges, clothed in drapery emitting a phosphoric light highly suggestive of Balmain's luminous paint, lana glides into the hall, „ where it ithrowB from the folds of its shroud isome pretty nosegays of flowers among 'the audience. The spirit then glides backwards to the stage, and lifts Sir Everleigh in mid air, floatmg-him across the Sstage into the arms of Mrs. Downy. It joins ithe hands of Sir Everleigh and Mrs. Downy, and then vanishes. The whole is effectively land cleverly done, and in the main 'very impressive, although in some ^respects it is extremely ludicrous. _ ! The Vienna correspondent of the Era jwritesSara Bernhardt gave her farewell [performance there on January 27, as Princess 'Georges, in Dumas' play of that name. The house was . crowded, nearly all the members of the Imperial family being present. The popular but wayward Parisian actress, was recalled, at the end. no less thpn nineteen times, the public expecting a farewell speech; but, when answering the twentieth call, she only took her leave with the words, " Adieu and au revoir" thrown laughingly at the dis appointed audience. This_ second starring engagement of the eccentric lady has only been fairly successful. With regard I tothe : .same actress a London paper of February says:—The latest reports of Mile; Bernhardt are far from reassuringt and it is to be regretted that this distinguished actress does not give herself more rest. At Genoa last week she became so weak during the first act of "La dame aux Camellias ! that. Bhe fainted twice, and the play had to be \ suspended for some moments. However, as soon as she had sufficiently recovered, she continued with her accustomed energy and bravery. The strain upon her again proved too great in the third act, when Bhe was I seized with a violent spitting of blood; and, I amid much confusion and cries of "enough,' the performance was brought to a close. Whatever caprices Mile. Bernhardt may indulge in, the public cannot at least say that she ever permits her weakness or ill-health to interfere with her professional arrange ments. The Paris correspondent of the Era writes on February 16 -.—The first performance of a new five-act drama by an unknown author, M. Mervil,- entitled "La Capitaine Xain trailles," nad drawn a crowded audience at the Chateau d'Eau, and the orchestra stalls were, as. usual, occupied by pressmen, mem bers of the clubs, and fashionables who never miss a premidre, even at the Chateau d'Eau, for of late this theatre has been classed among more eminent houses on their list. The play proved utterly absurd, its plot being involved in the most confusing manner, and its dialogue a compound of bosh and rho domontade. So, as might be expected, the occupants of the lower regions, especially of the stalls, began to laugh very audibly before 1 much progress had been made, A few left, but the greater number continued to jeer and joke, and make noises which were heard | above the buzz of general conversation, for every body downstairs appeared at one mo I ment to be talking at tne same time. The | artists, who had never before met with a similar reception, were evidently dumb founded, ana this did not render the dia I logne more intelligible. Things were at this | pass when the occupants of the upper gallery suddenly flared. up into a red-hot passion. They imagined there were none bat news I paper men in the pit, and began shouting, r Down with the Press !" and phrases of the most uncomplimentary kind soon rained on our heads. In reality—though I need hardly say it—the critics were not the offenders, if offenders they were, but the noise was hot of their making. The celestials held another opinion, however, and commu nicated it frankly; but if they--had' not enforced .it- with',', more substantial argu ments there would be little to be said. The rain of phrases was soon too anodyne in its effects to satisfy them, so they begslnto shower .orange peels, bits of apple, and other equally harmless missiles; when the store of this ammunition became exhausted all kinds of objects came hailing down; personally, I was selected as the recipient, of an old tin match-box, <whioh lodged between my neck and shirt-oollar, and a ten-penny nail imme diately after inflicted a nasty scratch on my hand:, The supply of this canister; coming to an end, our assailants sacrificed their com fort in order to'"silence the Press," and launched the cushions of their seats on our devoted heads. 