jlflfellst BELLA'S HERO ; OB ? ; The Marquis, and the Freebooter. ,A BTOBT OP THE WELSH MAEOH|!S. OHAPTEB XVIII. ims- imbquib's ietbb. — conclusion. * By SYLVANUS COBB, Jot. Half an hoar later the old lawyer oame out froru (he obamber ot the maiquis, with bright drops in hiB eyes, and hiB oneeks wet ; and he canie alone, leaving George, behind. At a short distance irom the door he stopped and wiped away the tears ; and, after a little ? xefleotiOD, lie Bought the old steward, whom lie found asleep in hiB great eaay-ohair. Mark started up and looked around. ' George is not with me. I have left him with the marqoiB ; and von oan imagine how much they have to talk about. However, . yon may oonduot me to the chamber which I i, am to oooupy, and then yon will go. to your master. ,. By that tima I think George, will be ready to retire.' Mark lighted a lamp and led Mr. Lawrence to one of tbe ohambers of the main beep, . not fur from the .apartments of the lord of the manor, whioh had been last occupied by the. late marquis; and when he bad seen ?that the aged ghost waB amply provided for, he baae him good-night, and prtoeeded to 1 the onamber ot-liia inaater, wheie he rapped lightly Dpon the aoor. ? - ? ? f ? Oome in 1' waB the response from within. He entered, and louud iho niaiqaiu ana young Gonwuy ueutod tide by eitie, me head of the former reating upon the latter' u shoulder, with an arm twined affectionately ground the failing loim. George arose ae the old man entered, and tho maiquiB sat np looking belter and eiroDgor man he hact looked for a long tima. He Blamed very huppjyand his eyes sparkled ,witn u light whioh pore atrong testimony to the deuiti and truth oi the feeling. 'G.i.George, — go, and get uuue rest. I know i shall hve to accomplish all we desire. \- Ion have, no idea oi the new strength you have given me 1 Be nndernu apprehension. ? -3u to your xest, and borrow no. thought 'oi ? Borrow on my aooount. It is all right.' . - Then to tho steward — 'Mark, — look to it that Fitz EaBtaoe gains no knowledge of this boy's preaenoe keep it from all whom you oaunot implioitly trust. He will cooupy my father's apart ments for now. You anderaiand ?' E^Yes, — tbe old servitor understood per fectly. Then George went and bent down and kissed the marquis y— there were raur . .inured blessings and good-nights; — and then our hero followed Hark irom tho apartment — followed him to that large, loyally appointed ohamber where he had met tne jate lord and master of the place, and wiero he was to rest. ' He was put here because here he would be out of the way of poBBible discovery by those whom ttioy . wished to keep in ignorance of his pre senoe. Early on the following morning several messages were sent away from Mendon Castle. One to Sir Peter Waldrom, from the lord of Mendon, asking that he would accom pany bis daugniets on their visit to the castle. Anotuer to He. Tobias 'i'obey, ro quobtiug his immediate attendance at the oa'atle, Another to Sir Walter Bishop, of bishop's Castle, thepresiding justice ot that ?district of Snropshire. And sic Walter was requested to bring with him Mr. John Aim;, the high sheriff, also residing . at .Bishop's Castle. ' ? And in the midst of. all this business Col. ?Ktz iEuataoe was sob disturbed. His red headed volet had discovert d that the old .; lawyer jwas in the, castle, and had. immedi ately reported ; but he borrowed no trouble froni iihut, He o mld.hiive wished.thattheoli aellow, Had* Been Kept away; but as that could hardly he expected, uudor the circuin staucea, he mus.c make the best of it. ..And cut) mosKthe lawyer could do would be to make the marquis's will ;, bat, as Men don itself oould be willed to nobody, he pared not. If he won the .title, till well 1 Towutdu the middle p£ the Joiouoon, hav ' ing eaten hia breakfast and, performed an .extra toilet, tbe colonel eailed for his horae, , and, with. his. valet iu oomptroy,, started off .'tor Waldron Hall. Ho had heard nothing ol , the invitation whioh .had. been sent, : to the ?ladies ; and, .as m»y well be imagined,,. he -was somewhat surprised, as well.' as puzzled, when the, faol was , made known to him. And , he waB. still farther, and more , deeply surprised when he learned that on that very morning the baronet had , received a like invitation, '. What fl.oold it' mean ?' 11 It rue»ns,'«atd Sir Peter, with' DPtnpoua assurance, 'that the marquis wish'.' r *° hoknonleiigo hia friendship, and/his oaleoui .before he passes away,' ' I suppose you will aooept the invitation ?' ?' Oi oouise, I shall. ? Will you wait and go -, with na ?' The colonel hesitated. He had oome for tde purpoiie of seeing and speaking with ..Bella; bat he did not think tho time would I be opportune. He ooald see, very, plainly, I that the Btrarjge and uuexpeotod message ot the marquis had.had n wondrous effeot upon the baronet. It took precedence in his mind of all else. Even he, the suitor for hia daughter's hand, and prospective heir ol Mendon, mnat oooupy,' for the time, a second flioe! Be did not like it. ' But,— should he wait and return to tho castle, -with Sir. Poter, and his daughters? He. knew not what to answer. The more he .reflected up'on the affair, the moro troubled he booarao. But,— What barm could befall himself P Surely, none. What the marquis could have in mind he could not conceive ; but he could think. of no possible manner in whioh the evont could be turned to bode evil to him. He had almost made up his mouth , ,to announce that he would bear, them com pany, when, tho thought struok him that he. might feel, out of place in Bella's company, unices an invitation could come from herself. It would not be pleasant to have a scene with her under suoh ciroum stances. .Really, he Bhrank f rom . encoun tering the proud-spirited, girl in hoc sister's oompany. He preferred to tell hiniBelf that Kate was piqued because he had selected. her sister for hia. love instead' of herself; and ho tried to think that she .would tormenthim on that account. Thus was ho balancing {and vacillating when an aocident decided him. He over heard Bella whisper to her sister, asking if she supposed ' the colonel' would ' have the impudenee ' to wait and go with them. And he heard Kate make answer: 'Don't fear, Bella. He hasn't got. the courage 1' The result of which was that Col. James fitz Eualace bowed very politely to the baronet, with his hand upon his bosom and a Bide glance at the watchful girls and eaid : 'My dear Sir Peter, you are very kind. ' I oannos refuse tho pleasure you offer. 1 will ride with you, a«d send my horse on by my servant. It ib time I found myself at home with a portion of your family; and may 1 not properly add, equally! time that the. por- tion to whioh I allude began to feel a little aoolimated in my presence ?' 11 Thank fortune /shall never attempt the oullivatibn of Any saoh feeling 1' spoke Bella, with flushed oheoks and flashing eyes ; for the man had given nor. a Bigninostnt glanoe by way of direoting. his. meaning, and it touched htr deeply. Fitz BuBtace'a eyea flashed baok a revenge ful fire upon .her, and his right hand ,wiis olenohed as though ho would, strike. He instantly Elided to her. side,, and whispered into her ear : * ' 'By heavens, .girl 1 yoa shall Bailor for thie,iif IUvel .Mark my. words 1' And then like one suffocating he turned away, pulling nervously at his cravat, his face paling after its' sudden fiuih, and a very demon manifest in the whole. tone and bearing. Atithe Castle Dr. Tobey had arrive'', and had found his patient, wonderfully strong, and vigorous, considering all the circumstances:— considering that digestion had almost; entirely Btopped, life being supported by such aliment as could be absorbed into the circulation as it was . swallowed : for such was literally the fact. Yes— the . marquis , was wonderfully strong ; and he seemed to be entirely happy and contented. George Conway spent much of the forenoon with, him, while the old attorney and, Mark Dowler came and went as occasion required. Towards noon the. Widow Conway ar rived, and with her came Rachel Bowman, mother of' Robert, and foster-mother of Bella. And there was another arrl vat, juBt upon the stroke of high-twelve : the old Justice of the Marches— Sir Walter Bishop, and his high sheriff, Mr. John Almy. Sir Walter was a portly, cotnfortab(e-looking mao, sixty years of age, and seeming at tbo height ot hie capacity of enjoyment of the good things of life. He spent half an hour with .tho marquis, and was then taken in charge by Mr. Lawrence, who led him up to the apartment of the late lord of the castle, where our hero kept him company. An hour after noon, exactly, the brightly gilded caparisons of the showy team of Sir Peter Waldron were at the landing of the vestibule, and shortly thereafter tbe baronet was welcomed by hia brother of BiBhop's Castle, assisted by Mr. Lawrence, while the two'girls were taken in charge by.the two widows — Conway and Bowman — hoth of whom had been impressed into, the service. 'Colonel !' said the old attorney, after he had seen Sir Peter depart in company with Sir Walter, and the two girls tome away by the elder women. — ' you, I ima gine, will look out for yourself. Assuredly, it is not for me to guide you.' \ These words, with tho^ deferential bow that accompanied them, coming from the trusted and confidential attorney rof tbe Grahams for two generations,' lifted the heart of the plotter wonderfully ; and he smiled upon the old man benignantly. ' My dear Mr. Lawrence,' he said, with a palpable effort to appear familiar, and,. at the same time, to ' maintain a nroner dier- ' nity, ' I will not trouble you now. But,1 sir — you- will allow me to hope that in the time to come, should occasion require, you will be my right-hand man.' And with a grand bow he passed on. * Up in a section of the castle that had been, in other times, devoted to the use of the mistress and her ladies, were Kate and Belli Waldron,Jwith the two widows. The girls hod removed their outer garments, and given a BufUcient look into the mirror, when Kobert Bowman oame in, very quietly, and spoke to bis mother, where upon she nodded pleasantly, and went over and took Bella by the arm, and led her towards one o( the dcors communicating with an ante-room. 'Come with me, Bell.a' '0! — Mamma Bowman I— what is it P' cried our heroine, in a convulsive, startled whisper. ' Come and see, sweet child.' '0! how B'range.and mysterious every thing is ! What are we all here for ? If you do not tull me, I will not own you for my foster-mother— I declare it 1' ' ' ' Wait a moment, Bella, — you shall see directly,' Across two small dressing-rooms — then across a narrow hall; than a richly cur tained entry-way; and then Bella found herself in the magnificently appointed and furnished apartment, which had been the last marchioness's boudoir. 'There,' said Aunt Eachel, as they entered this sumptuous bower — '' now you must find your own answer. And, my blessed child, let me hopa that you will — ' Bat the good old foster-mother did not finish, the sentence. Before , she could do bo, Bella, had broken from her hold, and bounded from her side, and found rest upon the bosom of her own true 1otci*-/iw Hebo ! '01 George 1 George I' And then ohe raised her head, and held him away, , so ins ;.-?- look full into his t ace, Yes 1 It was her Hero 1 ? i : 'O! my own I rnylovo!' ' Darling ! I urn safe and well. O ! this is joy. I think I could suffer it all over again, just for thiB moment of supreme joy !? Bella ! my own 1 . my love ! I love you ! 1 love you, dear heart ! I love you !' And Mrs; Bowman left them there — the one to tell tho story of his strange abduc tion; his imprisonment in a madhoaBe ; and hia final roloasa by his friende— while tbe other told of all she had Buffered, aad'all e he had foarod. She told of the towerinf ambition of Fitz EnaUce, and boflhe bud cajoled and threatened. And when the muiden aabed her dear lover what nos to oome, betook her onoo more to his bosom, bidding her wait, and see. The great olook of the oaatle, oonneoted with tbe old bell ol tho main towor, waa upon the stroke of three, when Roderio, MarquiB of Mendon, called upon his old attorney to gather together the company he had invited. Thon Mr. Lawrenoo oalied Robert Bowman to hiB assietanoo, and went at the work. Tho Lord of Mendon was seated in a great e»By-ohair, in the great drawing-room ol tho new keep. It was a' regal apartment, sumptuously furnished, and oharmingly adorned. . Firat to be ushered into his prosonoo were the two baronets, Sir Peter Waldron and, Sir Walter Bishop. Roderio felt his heart swoll as they gave binxlheir hands, and his greet ing. was heartily oordial. He did not ariao (rom hie seat ; ,bat tho prooonoe of his faith ful physioian, Dr. Tobey, standing olose be hind him, offered a aoffioiont explanation and exonse. Next, oame the high Bhoriff, Mr. Almy, who.. was well, known to his lordship, and who waB reoeivod with friendly warmth. Then oame Mrs. Conway and Mcb. Bowman, with Kate and Bella Waldron. As the. two girls same up, Rodorio made an effort, and arose. . 'To yon, dear oousins — ay, sweet siatera 1 —I muBt. arise. Bless yoa, both !'? He kissed the hand of Kate, and she poneed on ; but when Bella oame up, he drew her towards him, and pressed hiB lipa upon her forehead, Baying, bb he did so : « 'Ahl I have, the right! I have the right 1 — as you shall see anon-' Before Bhe could give him even a look in reply, ho hud gently handed her aside, and resumed his seat, ' Old Mark, the Btcward, and Charles Allen, the faithful old valet of the late lord, were present, together with several of the older and more trusty of the other Bervitors of Mendon. (To he concluded in our next,) 