ALL SORTS AND CONDI- TIONS OF MEN. A NOVEL. CHAPTER XXIX. THE FIGUREHEADS. BY WAITER BESANT AND JAMES BICE, Authors of:— " Heady-money Mortiboy," " The Golden Butterfly," " By Celia's Arbour," " The Chaplain of the Fleet," Ac., &c.; It was Sunday morning, after breakfast, and Harry was sitting in the boarding house common room, silently contemplating his two fellow-boarders, Josephus and Mr. Maliphant. The circle at Bormalack's was greatly broken up. Not to speak of the loss of the illustrious pair, Daniel Fagg had now taken to live entirely among the dressmakers, except in the evenings, when their music and dancing drove him away; in fact, he regarded the place as his own, and had so far forgotten that he took his meals there by invitation, .as to criticise the dinners, which were always good, although plain, and to find fault with the beer, which came from Messenger's. Miss Kennedy, too, only slept at thie boarding house, though by singular forgetfulness she always paid the landlady every Saturday morning in advance for a week's board and lodging. Therefore Josephus and the old man for the most part sat m the room alone, and were excellent company, because the ill-used junior clerk never wan ted to talk with anybody and the aged carver of figureheads never wanted a listener. •Almost for the first time, Harry considered this old man, the rememberer of fag-ends and middlebits of anecdote, with, something more than a passing curiosity and a sense of irritation caused by the incongruity of the creature. You know that whenever you seriously address yourself to the study of a person, however insignificant in appearance, that person assumes an importance equal to that of any lord. A person you see, is an individiual, or an indivisible thing. Wherefore, let us not despise our. neighbour. The ancient Mr. Maliphant was a little, thin, old man, with a few grey hairs left, but not many; his face was - enwrapped, so to speak, in a pair of very high coUars,and he wore a black silk stock, not very rusty, for he had been in the reign of the fourth George a dapper "oung fellow, and possessed a taste in dress leyond the lights of limehouse. But this was in his nautical days, and before he developed his natural genius for carving ships' figureheads. He had no teeth left, and their absence greatly shortened the space between nose and chin, which produced an odd effect; he was closely shaven; his face was covered all_ over like an ocean with innumerable wrinkles, crowsfeet, dimples, furrows, valleys, winding watercourses, which showed like the universal smile of an accurate map. His forehead, when the original thatch was thick, must have been rather low and weak; his eyes were still bright and blue, though they wandered while he talked; when he was silent they had a far-of look ; his eyebrows, as often happens with old men, had grown bushy and were joined across the bridge; when his memory failed him, which was frequently the case, they frowned almost as terribly as those of Daniel Fagg; his figure was spare and his legs thin, and he sat on one side of the chair with his feet twisted beneath it; he never did anything, except to smoke one pipe at night; he never took the least notice of anybody; when he talked, he addressed the whole company, not any individual; and he was affected by no man's happiness or sufferings. He had lived so long that he had no more sympathy left; the world was nothing more to him ; he had no further interest in it; he had gone beyond it and out of it; he was so old that he had not a friend left who knew him when he was young ; he lived apart; he was, perforce, a hermit. Harry remembered, looking upon this survival, that the old man had once betrayed a knowledge of his father aud of the early history of the Copx^in and Messenger families. He wondered now why he had not tried to get more out of him. It would be a family chronicle of small beer, but there could be nothing, probably, very disagreeable to learn about the career of the late sergeant, his father, nor anything about the Coppins. On this Sunday morning, when the old man looked as if the cares of the week were off his mind, his memory should be fresh—clearer than on a week day In the happy family of boarders, none of whom pretended to take the least interest in each other, nobody ever spoke to Mr. Maliphant, and nobody listened when he spoke; nobody, except Mr. Bonnalack. who was boiuid by rules of politeness, took the least notice of his coming or of his going; nobody knew how he lived or what he paid for his board and lodging, or anything else about him. Once, it was certain, he had been in the mercantile marine. Now he had a'' yard'; he went to this yard every day; it was rumoured that in this yard he carved figureheads all day for largesumsof money! he came home in the evening in time for supper; a fragrance, as of rum and water, generally accompanied him at that time; and after a pipe and a little more grog, and a few reminiscences chopped up in bits and addressed to the room at large, the old man would retire for the night. A perfectly cheerful and harmless old man, yet not companionable. "Did you know my father,Mr Maliphant?" asked Harry by way of opening up the conversation. " He was sergeant you know, in the army." Mr. Maliphant started and looked bewildered: he had been in imagination somewhere off Cape Horn, and he could not get back at a moment's notice. It irritated him to have to leave his old friends. "Your father, young gentleman?" he asked in a vexed and trembling quaver. "Did I know your father? Pray, Sir, how am I to know that you ever had a father?" "You said, the other day, that you di.l. Think again. My father, you know, married Caroline Coppin. "Ay, ay—Caroline Coppin—I remember Caroline Coppin. Oh ! Yes, sister she was to Bob—when Bob was third mate of a East Indiaman; a devil of a fellow was Bob, though but a boy, and if living now, which I much misdoubt, would be but sixty or thereabouts. Everybody, young man, knew Bob Coppin,"—here he relapsed into silence. When he spoke again, he carried on aloud the subject of his thoughts—" below he did his duty. Such a man, Sir, was Bob Coppin." "Thankyou, Mr. Maliphant. I seem to know Bob quite well from your description. And now he's gone aloft, hasn't he? And when the word comes to pass all hands, there will be Bob with a hitch of his trousers and a kick of the left leg. But about my mother." " Young gentleman, how am I to know that you were Dorn with a mother ! Law! law! One might as well—" here his voice dropped again and he finished the sentence with the silent motion of his lips. " Caroline Coppin, you know; your old friend." He shook his head. No, oh ! no. I knew her when she was as high as that table. My young friend, she was. _ How could she be my old friend? She mamed Sergeant Goslett and he went out to India and—and something happened then. Perhaps he was cast away. A many get cast away in those seas." "Is that all you remember about her ?" " I can remember," said the old man, " a wonderful lot of things at times. You mustn't ask any man to remember all at once. Not at his best, you mustn't, and I doubt I am hardly at what you may call my tip top ripest—yet. Wait a bit, young man ; wait a bit. I've been to a many ports and carved figureheads for a many ships, and they got east away, one after the other, but dear to memory still, and paid for. Like Sergeant Goslett. A handsome man he was, with curly browrf hair, like yours, young gentleman. I remember how he sang a song in this very house when Caroline— or was it her sister ?—had it, and I forget whether it was before Bunker married her sister or after Caroline's baby was born, which was when the child's father was dead. A beautiful evening, we had." Caroline's baby, Harry surmised, was himself. " Where was Caroline's baby born ?" Harry asked. " Where should he be ? Why, o' course in his mother's own house." " Why should he be born in his mother's own house ? I did not know that his mother had a house." The old man looked at him with pity. " Young man," he said, " you know nothing. Your ignorance is shameful." "But why ?" " Enough said, young gentleman," replied Mr. Maliphant with dignity, " enough said ; youth should not sport with age ; it aoth not become grey hairs to—to" He did not finish the sentence, except to himself, but what he did say was something emphatic and improving, because he shook his head a good deal over it. Presently he got up and left the room. Harry watched him getting his hat and tyiughisuiufHerabout his neck. When things were quite adjusted the old man feebly tottered down the steps. Harry took his hai and followed him. " May I walk with you. Sir ?" he asked. " Surely, surely !" Mr. Maliphant was sur prised; "it is an unusual thing for me to have a companion. Formerly, they came— ah !—all the way from Rotherhithe to—losing and drink with me." "Will you take my arm ?" Harry asked. The little old man; who wore black trou sers and a dress coat out of respect to the day. but although the month was December, no greatcoat—in fact he had never worn a greatcoat in all his life—was trotting along with steps which showed weakness but mani fest intention. Harry wondered where he meant to go. He took the proffered arm, however, and seemed to get on better for the support. "Are you going to church, Sir?" asked Harry, when they came opposite the good old church of Stepney, with its vast acres of dead men, and heard the bells ringing. "No, young gentleman, no, certainly not. I have more important business to look after." He quickened his steps, and they left the church behind them. " Church ?" repeated Mr. Maliphant with severity. " When there's property to look after, the bells may ring as loud as they please. Church is good for paupers and churchwardens. Where would the propertybe, do you think, if I were not on the spot every day to protect it ?" He turned off the High-street into a short street of small houses, neither better nor worse than the thousands of houses around; it was a cul de sac, and ended in a high brick wall with a large gateway in the middle, and square stone pillars and a pondrous pair of wooden gates, iron bound, as if they guarded things of the greatest value. There was also a small wicket beside it, which the old man carefully unlocked and opened, looking around to see that no burglars followed. Harry saw within a tolerably large yard, in the middle of which was a little house of one room. The house was a most wonderful structure ; it was' built apparently of packing cases .nailed on four or eight square posts ; it was. furnished with a door, a window, and a chimniey, all complete; it was exactly like a doll's house, • only that it was rather larger, being at least six feet high and eight feet square. The house was painted green, the roof ., was painted . red, the door blue ; there was also a brass knocker; so that in other respects it was like a doll's house. " Aha!" cried the old man, rubbing his hands and pointing to the house. "I built it, young man. This is my own house, that is; 1 laid the foundations; I put up the walls ; I painted it. And I very well remember when it was. Let me see, Mr. Messenger, who was a younger man than me by four years, married in that year, or lost his son—I forget which," his voice lowered and he went on talking to himself—" Caroline's grandfather went bankrupt in the building trade; or her father, perhaps, who afterwards made money and left houses. And here I am still. This is my property, young gentleman, and I come here every day to execute orders. Oh ! yes"—he looked about him in a kind of mild doubt— " I execute orders. Perhaps the orders don't come in so thick as they did. But here I am —ready for work—always ready, and I see my old friends too, aha ! They corneas thick as ever, bless you, if the orders don't. Quite a gathering in here some days." Harry shuddered, thinking who these old friends might be. " Sundays and all I come liere, and they come too. A merry company I" The garrulous old man opened the door of the little house. Harry saw that it contained a cupboard with some simple cooking utensils, and a fireplace, where the proprietor began to make a fire, and one chair, and a little table, and a rack with tools; there were also one or two pipes and a tobacco jar. He looked about the yard. A strange place, indeed ! It was adorned or rather furnished with great ships' figureheads, carved in wood, standing in rows and circles, some complete, some half finished, some just begun; so that there was a Lively Peggy with rudimentary features just emerging from her native wood; and here a Saucy Sal of Wapping still clothed in oak up to her waist; and here a Neptune, his crowned head only as yet indicated, though the weatherbeaten appearance of his wood showed that the time was long since he was begun; or a Father Thames, his god-like face as yet showing like a blurred dream. Or there were finished and perfect heads, painted and gilded, waiting for the purchaser who never came. They stood or sat—whichever a head and shoulder can be said to do—with so much pride, each so rejoicing in himself, and so disdainful of his neighbour, in so haughtv a silence, that they seemed human and belonging to the first circles of Stepney ; Harry thought, too, that they eved him curiously, as if he might be the long expected shipowner come to buy a figurehead. " Here is property, young man !" cried the old man; he had lit his fire now and came to the door, craning forward and spreading his hands. "Look at the beauties. There's truth ! There's expression! Mine, young man, all mine. Hundreds—thousands of pounds here, to be protected." "Do you come here every day?" Harry asked. " Every day. The property must be looked after." " And do you sit here all day by yourself ?" " Why, who else should I sit with ? And a man like me never sits alone. Bless your heart, young gentleman, of a morning when I sit before the fire and smoke a pipe, this room gets fullo' people. They crowd in, they do. Dead people, I mean, of course. I know more dead men than living. They're the best company after all. Bob Coppin comes for one." Harry began to look about wondering whether the ghost of Bob might suddenly appear at the door. On the whole he envied the old man his company of departed friends. " So you talk," he said; " you are the dead people." By this time the old man had got into his chair and Harry stood in the house at the same time, to say nothing of inconveniencing and crowding the merry company of ghosts. " y ou wouldn't believe," said the old man, " the talks we have nor the yarns we spin, when we're here together." " It must be a jovial time," said Harry. Do they drink ?" Mr. Maliphant screwed up his lips and shook his head mysteriously. " Not of a morning," he replied, as if in the evening the old rollicking customs were still kept up. "And you talk about old times—Eh?" "There's nothing else to talk about, as I know." " Certainly not. Sometimes you talk about my — about Caroline Coppin's father I suppose. I mean the one who made the money, not the one who went bankrupt." "Houses," said Mr. Maliphant; "houses it was." "Oh!" "Twelve houses there were, all his own. Two sons and two daughters to divide among Bob Coppin sold his at once — Bunker bought 'em—and we drank up the money down Poplar way, him and me and a few friends togetherina friendly and comfortable spirit. A fine time we had, I remember. Jack Coppin was in his father's trade and he lost his money; speculated he did. Builders are a belivein' people. Bunker got his houses, too." "Jack was my cousin Dick's father, I suppose," said Harry. " Go ahead, old boy. The family history is reeling out beautifully. Where did the other houses go ?" But the old man had gone off on another tack. " There were more Coppins," he said ;. "when I was a boy, to be a Coppin of Stepney was a thing of pride. Josephus's father was churchwarden and held up his head." "Did he, really?" " If I hadn't the property to look after, I would show you his tombstone in Stepney Churchyard." " That," said Harry, " would be a great happiness for me. As for Caroline Coppin now She was a pretty maid, she was," the old man went on. " I saw her born and brought up. And she married a sojer." " I know, and her three houses were lost, too, I suppose." "Why should her houses be lost, young man?" Mr. Maliphant asked with severity. "Houses don't run away. This property doesn't run away. When she died, she left a baby, she did, and when the baby was took —or was stolen—or something—Bunker said those houses were his. But not lost. You can't lose a house. You may lose a figurehead ;" he got up and looked outside to see if his were safe. " Or a big drum. But not a house." " Oh !" Harry started, " Bunker said the houses were his, did he ?" " Of course he did." "And if the baby had not died, those houses would still ae the property of that baby I suppose." But Mr. Maliphant made no reply. He was now in the full enjoyment of the intoxication produced by his morning pipe, and was sitting in his armchair with Ms feet on the fender, disposed apparently for silence. Presently he began to talk, as usual, to himself. Nor could he be induced, by any leading questions, to remember anything more of the things which Harry wanted him to remember. But he let his imagination wander. Gradually the room became filled with dead people, and he was talkingwith them. Nor did he seem to know that Harry was with him at all. Harry slipped quietly away, shutting the door after him, so that the old man might be left quite alone with his ghosts. The yard, littered with wood, crowded with the figureheads, all of which seemed turning enquiring and jealous eyes unon the stranger, was silent and ghostly. Thither came the old man every day, to sit before the file in his red and green doll's house, to cook his own beefsteak for himself, to drink his glass of grog after dinner, to potter about among his carved heads, to talk to his friends the ghosts, to guard his property, and to execute the orders which never came. For the shipbuilders who had employed old Mr. Maliphant were all dead and gone and noboay knew of his yard any more, and he had it all to himself. The tide of time had carried away all his friends and left him alone ; the memory of him among active men was gone ; no one took any more interest in him ; and he had ceased to care for anything; to look back was his only pleasure. No one likes to die at any time, but who would wish to grow so very old ?" And those houses! Why, if the old man's memory was right, then Bunker had simply appropriated his property. Was that, Harry asked, the price for which he traded the child away ? He went straight away to his cousin Dick, who, mindful of the recent speech at the Club, was a little disposed to be resentful. It fortunately takes two to make a quarrel however, and one of those two had no intention of a family row. "Never mind, Dick," he said, in answer to an allusion to tne speech. " Hang the Club. 1 want to ask you about something else. Now then. Tell me about your grandfather." " I cannot. He died before I can remember. He was a shipbuilder." " Did he leave property ?" " There were some'houses, I believe. My father lost his share, I know. Speculated it away." "Your uncle Bob. What became of his share?" "Bob^ was a worthless chap. He drank everything, so of course he drank up his houses." "Then we come to the two daughters. Bunker married one, and of course he got his wife's share. What became of my mother's share f' " Indeed, Harry, I do not know." "Who would know?" "Bunker ought to be able to tell you all about it. Of course he knows." "Dick," said Harry, "should you be astonished to learn that the respectable uncle Bunker is a mightyfgreat rogue ? But say nothing, Dick. Say nothing. Let me consider how. to bring the thing home to him." .(To be continued.) 