SUNDAY READING. V ' ' ' ' ' " " Grace and Truth. THE'WORK OF THE HOLT SPIRIT," "-'"■ voira comforter; : :'11\ ■■ Br B»v. W. P. Mackax, SLA. mytV jE &re; not saved on account of tie Holy f v Ghost's work in ub ; we are saved by means * of! it. We .are saved on , account ofl'Christ's "work for us. Tlie.moro tho Spirit works within us, the moro shall we destre that work to go on; but the work of Cirift on Calvary. is finished, and this is our resting- place, our peace, our security. Here belqw.we never can (and never should) get satisfied with the work of tho Fpirifc wrought within us j but we are satisfied with the work of Christ done for us, and is eternal rest, this is faith. : Many sadly confuse these two divine works. Anxious inquirers are constantly look* in£ within to see what is going on there, instead of'looking outward to what was done on Calvary. I wish to draw the reader's attention to three mcfet precious operations of the Spirit of God as Seen in the beginning of John's Gospel— First, Born of the Sp-rit; chap. iii. 5 8. SeconcL Indwelt by tho Spirit; chap.*iv. 14. Tjwti, Communicating the Spirit $ chap, til \- I. Borh op the Spibit. Many!think, that regeneration, or the new birth or quickening, is a process that goes on subsequent to justification This is a mistake. * Xxcepta man be born again he cannot see the kingdom of God* He that bclieveth that Jeius ij the Christ is born of God.' Regene rationis an instantaneous act performed by the Spirit of God communicating the life of Christ to a man formerly dead in trespasses and sins, andhaving nothing whatever in him that could | betquisformed into this now creation which He ! implfintw. .. There are two errors against which I wo. must guard: First, not recognising or acknowledging the 8piritV«peeial work in regeneration; and Seoana,' confusing tfri* with Christ's work 1 doMte.lZS. • - lifcpltipby a special act of absolute grace •The that we are born again by the spirit.: *1 wind' bloweth where it listeth,' and so the Jewish Pharasee is compelled to allow God to acfc as a sovereign. What would bo the use of Christ". coming, living, dying for' sin, rising beyond it« doom, and His present intercession, unlosithe Holy Spirit were hero applying to individuals that work, that life by the Word? It js not His influence mcrcl}', but Himself, who .is now on earth. It is not His Word merely, blessed and essential as it is, but Him self,'who applies that Word. Look at the least in .Lute xiv. if Christ had not come ana died and risen, there would have been no feast to offer i but if the Holy Spirit were not here, aoite.would come to the feast. So the parable tells hi,1 Compel them to come in;1 and the Holy Ghost is the great compclier, mating them willing. This is H™ special wort on in* dividual*, cot His general work in the world His" wort on the world is not in the way of " mercy hut of conviction. In John xvi. 8 we read, when He is come He will reprove the world* (1) ' Of sin/ because the great sin of which kid hold God holds man to be guilty is tbo crucifixion of His Bon ; and the presence of the Holy Ghost is the great proof of man's refusal of Christ, for it* is: the rejected Chiist who has sent the Spirit, and His presence is a continued testimony to that rejection; hence it is said (of sin; be cause they believe not on Me.' (2.) 'Of righteousness.' If mun is an un grateful sinner, God is a righteous God who rewards righteously; and if sinful man gave his Sariour a cross of shame, a righteous God gave His Son a throne of glory. This is the great act of righteousness between God and the man Christ- ' Sit thou at My hand until I make Thine enemies Thy footstool/ (Ps. ex. I.)* The'presence of the Holy Ghost oh earth is *the~ proof of the righteousness of God, as r also the " righteousness of Christ In Johh .xviL our Lord appeals to the right-, eous Father to. judge between Him and the world.' He committed Hizn«elf to Him that judgeth righteously. Bead Psalm xvii., .tho keynote of which is 'Hear the right/ As the keynote of which is 'Hear the right/ prophetic spirit also said in Ieaiah L 8, 'He is hear that' justificth me: who-will contend with me ? let us stand together: .who is mice adTersarv P let him come- near to me*. Behold, the Lord God will help me: who is He that shall condemn ino ?* Christ having perfectly glorified God, God glorifies Him as a matter of justice, crowning Him with glory and honour* And though wc sec Him not by the natural eye (for Christ is not yet manifested on His own throne), yet in the interval between rejection and triumph, the Father in righteous ness has set Him down on Hi* throne, and has sent'down the Holy Ghost to testify that He is glorified; therefore it is said, 'Of righteous ness, becauso I go to my Father, and yc see Mb no xnoru.' (3). 'Of judgment/ because, since Satan could not hold Christ.in death, a ]>o\ver stronger than Satan's must hare appeared, whose power ov£r death must therefore hare been set aside, and- himself judged, for ' through death Ho destroyed Him that had the power of death, (hat iS| the devil/ The Holy Ghost has come totell lis of this great act of judgment; 'bo cause the very fact that He has come, proves that Christ has risen and is in glory; and tho fact that Ohrist has risen proves that Satan has been judged; and since Satan is the 'prince of this world,' tho world has beon judged, boihg set aside in its chostin head ; therefore it is said, ' Of judgment, because the prince of this world is judged.' Such is the action of tho Holy Ghost on the world to its confusion and shame; but His work in quickening is quite a distinct thing. Ho does not work on 'tho old man' in me aud make it better, and thus gradually save. He shows inc that it cannot be mended. He shows mo that I am ' guilty,' ' condemned already,' 'lost,' 'alienated,' 'evilonly,' 'con tinually evil,' ' without God,' ' without hope,' 'withoutstrength,' 'dead.' . I have heard men speak of a remaining spark in the bosom of tho unregenerato that required morely to be fanned into a llamo by tho inllu* cncosof tho Holy Ghost. Ihis is uns'criptural. (Read Gen. vi* 5, Ac.) I have heard such speak of a seed of good in every tnan which the Holy Ghost cultivates, and this they call the new birth This is utter confusion, and an entire misconception of the figure. Man's co-operation in regeneration is not re quired, because he has no power to co-operate. He is dead. ' That which is born of the 8pirit is spirit. Tho work is altogether of God. As it was God who in lus own heart, before the foundation of the worid, planned redemption; and as it was God in His Son who, eighteen hundred years ago, before wo were born, secured our redemption j so it is God by His Spirit who now, without our endeavour^ apart from our effort, applies this redemption. In fuct, the first thing God does is to mako us willing. How entirely is this work of God! He was alono in eternity; He was alone in creation; Ho was alone in redemption-; Ho is alone in regeneration, which is merely re demption applied. God does not find us children; He makes us children. But we must look liow at another error. .. 2nd. Confounding tho work of theSpiritinus with Christ's work for us. While the Spirit of God is the solo agent, the truth of God is the sole instrument which he emplojB. We cannot see the Spirit; we can see the Word. We cannot see His operations: we can read his record about Christ. No doubt it will be merely letters without meaning, until He opens the eyes ; but He works only in His ap pointed channel. He never tells us to look inward even to His own operations, for peace but outward to Christ. That is the mo-t Spirit-honouring preaching of the gospel in which you hear most of Christ. Once I heard a very earnest man preaching to anxious inquirers, and he was dwelling conti nuously and exclusively upon the Spirit's work—its sighs and characteristics—with tho effect of confusing many of Ids hearers. For who could obtain scriptural peaco with Gxtd from Ids own feelings ? We get a healthful and heaven-born conliict by marking the Holy Ghost's operations within us, but never peaco. This we get by gazing at tho Lamb of God on Calvary. I thought as I heard the preacher,' I wonder if the Holy Ghost would preach in that way if He were standing there,' and I immediately remembered, that ' He shall not speak of (from) Himself.'' Ho shall testify of me;' that is, he will preach Christ. ' He shall take of mine and shall show it unto you.' ' He shall glorify me.' This is spiritual preaching,be cause the preaclune of the thincs of tho 8Dirit. and as ho himself would preach. I believe the more we are depending on the Spirit's working, the more we shall preach what the Spirit wishc3 us to preach about, and look loliim to apply it. When we begin to point the anxious inquirer to the Spirit's work, this is not how the Spirit Himself would deal with him. If I began to speak to a working man sitting down to his dinner, and said to him, 'Do you know the muscles employed in mastica tion ?' ' What's that ?1 he would likely say. ■ 'Well, in eating ?' * Indeed, I do not.' - * " " * And you do not know the nerves that sup ply them?' Tm.surel donot.' ' ; V r ' And the beautiful mechanism and arrange ment by which' the food is converted into u bolus and introduced into the stomach ?' 1 How you are surely laughing at me.' 'Oh no, I'm not, all that is most true, and interesting; but tell nio what do you know?' !1 Well, sir,'I know that I am hungry, and that this is a* good dinner.' This would be the common-sense and appro priate, answer. Even the physiologist, when he is hungry, does not think much of how he cats. The two great points are, that he is hungry and that be has a good dinner. Some are hungry.and have not the good food, others have the food and are not hungry. But the qualification ior enjoying food is not a know ledge of how to eat, but the being hungry. We do not need to know how we are bom again-in order to bo saved. We do not need to know all or anything about the Spirit's w;ork within us in ordor to get peace (there were* people, in Acts xtx: 2, who wero boliovers and yet who said, 'Wo "have not so much as heard whether there he any Holy Ghost*), but wc must know »about Christ's Jwork for us before we can be saved. -■ Thc'grcatest physio logist might die of hunger. We might know everything about the Spirit's work and yet bo loet for ever, because, we had hot received I and rested upon' Christ offered to ^ua .in the ! gospel. •'*' . i We arc justified by faith, but tho experience of what goes on .within us is - sensation and not faith. . , .... * ^ Some, men sceni to have a difficulty with unxious souls (believing them to be dead), to know what to adviso them to do. It is the Spirit that quickeneth. : Some, therefore, tell sinners at once to pray for tho Spirit, thinking thus to,simplify matters by reducing it to reason—us it seems very plain, since .the Spirit quickens, nothing is easier than to cry for that Spirit. But it is not so easy, for u dead man tho record God gave d a min cannot tho Lord Jesus obris^ f , cam>ot boliovo apeo'K, cud o£ Prying —so wo ore in on equal .^a OTth tbo and believing' aro aUkeu p^ of unregoncroto man, w t ;nli3 w find out tlio Spirit o£ God. The j P and'what is our what wo aro cominanded to ^ ^ ^ duty to do. It is to tell iu xt is tho and press him instantly always nsostlio Spirit tbnt is tho agent, bu ^ ft cru. truth as the lnstriunen , Fo;th doe8 not cified oud now risen Ohm . but by come by feeling, try |> P ftbrist as my hearing, The moment loccoju ^ pufc ^y own individual peri believe thatlani my sin, I am -arrautcd^o behei^ ^ ^ born again, and tboSp_nt5io ^ maI1. Peace, ' Being justified by f&itn; A • , ^ ovx Lord deeus ^bri*t. . n.^fif-wrougbt, Iho plan is of God, the re ^ how ^ j know the foith are all of uoo. Does my whether I have flod-w^ on within f faith takoholdof what « ^y^ko hold of, ThntisnotofGod. Dms y c;ghtoen is it taken up with, what™^ ^ Hta hundred years agoion 0_ J?> Qod.bonouring who suffered Infa is being born of tbo and saving faith. lhl3 . . ^ introduces Spirit. The Spirit.by theJrntU^i Christ as tho life into my mlv Ghost quickening, tho renewing of the way « thus gives a new nature. — Penny SaviDgs Buppleinent to^the 55 fematas, tV* T:.s than December, «d MUg than in per cent, of the deaths aubarbsbemg ^r^?a£sxs^ a^; : Land Gbast Railwais m ihb Umixhb Statbb.—A long letter in another part of this iMoe on the above subject is well worthy of careful perusal by all who take an interest in thf nnefuom It is written by an American , reoeidly frem the States, and the wnternot onlv knows what he ib writing about, but ho cannot possibly have any motive for tho public of Queensland on the subject. 1 will be seen from his explanation of tho oondi tio'..B under which land grants are made for railwavB in tho United States—how different tboy aro in all essential particulars fromthoso which subsist hero. The climate, tho small Brea of tho blocks of land granted, and, abovoall, the land tax, combine to make close settlement animperaUve necessity. Moreover, after tho railway is built there, and the g™»ta axe made, the owners of the line aro compelled to work it, | even at a loss; they cannot hand it over to the Government to havo it worked at the pubho expense while their land grants are enhauced in value by the raUway passing through them, A Pleabaht RETEUAT.- rho majority of the dust afflicted deniiena of the metropolis are aware of the many pleasant retreats which are to he met with within an omnibus rido of the eity. Ono of tho pleasantest of tuoso spots is to ha found just beyond the rising suburb of Lutwyche. This is Morris' Kedrou Fork Hotel. The house, which is a handsome two,Btory building of the villa order, is charmingly situated at tho corner of the Gympie. and Bandgate roads, oloso to the bridge which spans Kcdron Brook. Across tho road is a largo park- like enclosure, with purk-hko gates, which servofl adimrahly as u cricket ground, and on ... . ..... So III TirnPAM Ol servos aamimuijr »o <* - which a racecourso is m process of construction. A cool backing to thiB construction. a. o „„„ fino pioco 0! ground is formed by ono of the few pieces of scrub left about Bricbano. The houso itself is all that can bo desired as an hotel—airy, as clean as a new pin, and fur nished in a manner which may bo called ex travagant, the furnituro in the chief rooms being artistic in design and of the highest finish. Tbo hotel bus not been long completed, but. it is, nevertheless, well patronised, especially on Saturdays and Sundays. Tho visitor on reach ing tho place realises that he is thoroughly in the country, notwithstanding that ho is not more than half an hour from town, and that omuihufes ran within a few yards of tho ptaco every quarter of an hour or so. A match (return) was played at Kcdron Park on Monday. between several members of South's theatrical company and an olnven of muffs,.tho former winning with four wiekcln to aptiro, and till cn joyed tho outing imraenhcly, being, without i exception, loud in ptaiao of tho accommodation i afforded by Wt, Morris and hid excellent eatal I liBhment. 