THE PARLIAMENTARY VISIT TO THE NORTHERN TERRITORY. [From our Special Reporter.] The Government Gardens — A Tjiass forsied Wilderness — The Labour and its Results— Chinese versus Europeans —The Sugarcane— Defiance to White Ants — Their Destroyer — Valuable Suggestions from a Practical Scien tific Gardener— Fortunes for Future Planters— A great Rice, Indigo, and Tobacco Growing Country— The Resi dent's Little Joke. : ? Whatever else the reader may have skipped, I would ask nliii sot to fail to make the acquaintance, through this niediuui, of the Director of the Palmerston Gardens (Mr. Holtae), and to post himself up in the miracle which that gentleman and the soil he culti vates have jointly wrought. The garden is about four miles from Palmerston, verging on Fannie Bay, and it was established by the Government for 'the express purpose of raising plants of commercial value and dis tributing them over the country.' The institution was originally started upon the recommendation of Dr. Schomburgk, Director of the Adelaide Gardens, and of all the worthy botanist's excellent suggestions none has proved more practically valuable than this. There was another garden once nearer Palmerston. The old enclosure is used as the police paddock now. Eight acres of it were cleared, and it subserved principally the highly important purpose of growing vegetables for the officials. Mr. Holtze suc ceeded its former Director about four and a half years ago, and audaciously hinted that to cultivate cabbage hearts was not the greatest ambition of the true gardener, or the most important operation for the country. So he cut down the supplies and put in various tropical trees and other plants, and then suggested that a fairer trial would be given to the average o the Northern Terri tory soil if a different plantation were obtained. He waa allowed to get another, and he selected the present garden — then thick jungle mostly, in the position indicated. He has been blamed for doing so ; the land is in different, the blame-givers say. And he says so too, but significantly he pleads that his selection is the best for experiments, and that he is now able to say to intending planters : — 'You see, gentlemen, I have grown canes so many feet high on this indifferent ground ; on good land you ought to have 25 per cent, more of measurable success.' And he is re peatedly urged that there should be another Government garden up-country — at Yam Creek, for instance— where there is good soil. What one failed in might be the other's strong ground of success. The area of the garden is thirty two acres, and it was chosen at a time when crowds of Chinamen came in from the gold-fields, half-starving, to demand rations from the Government They were engaged (as in a relief work) at Is. a day to clear the selection, and they did —did it ' most horribly,' Mr. Holtze assured me. By the 1st of November, 1879, it was fenced ready for planting, and then trenched twenty inches deep. The plants from the old garden had to be conveyed to the new ; and as a most rigid economy was enforced, Mr. Holtze, in the early morning and late night, before and after superintending the operations of the day, carted them himself, and got nothing more tangible than thanks for doing so. And now the reader knows the history of the place, and it is important that he should, to appreciate the sequel, as I describe it as I saw it two years and four months after its esta blishment. I ask him to bear particularly in mind the fact that only so short a time ago the land was thickly covered with jungle, and that the soil is merely second-rate. To reach the gardens you branch off from the telegraph line on the road to Southport, and continue to ride for a mile through high grass and patches of thick jungle. The position of the place is picturesque in itself, and it com mands a grand view of sea and seabeach, backed by distant, hazy, slightly rising hind. The residence of the Director is built upon what are known as the ' Northern Territory Government architectural lines,' and the artistic eflect is not wholly bad, whilst the comfort of the person residing in the erection is fairly promoted. There are huts tor the Chinese gardeners, and there is a place in which a little of the produce can be stowed, bnt a seed-house and a few other structures are badly wanted. Mr. Holtze's salary is only £250 per annum, with quarters, and the amount voted for the gardens last year was, besides, but £500. This year it was £4,100. Seventeen Chinamen are employed. Two of them get 25s. a week each ; two more, 20s. ; and the rest only 15s., without rations in each case. Mr. Holtze gives them an excel lent character. He prefers them to Euro peans for garden-work ; and he has had both working, and ought to be capable of forming judgment. He remembers, of course, that men slaving nine hours a day, wet or shine, for 15s. a week cannot be expected to be over energetic, unless they are pretty thoroughly overaeered. Granted that reservation, he says that, whilst t'aev certainly are 'slow,' they work well and get through more than any Europeans he has had ever got through whilst they were wiih him. I got this information from Mr. Holtze ere we had goae into the gardens. When we had done that I had an oppor tunity of seeing the men at work, and they put in a great many strokes to the minute whilst we were looking on. When their master's back is towards them, however, they are not, I have since found, too eager to injure themselves by over-exertion, and you really cannot expect them to be^with such pay, when they know Europeans would get £G at least. The examination of the gardens was the greatest surprise I have had in the Territory. A wilderness a little more than two years a£o_is'now an'umbrageous paradise. Accli matized trees shoot aloft and tower above the native ones 'outside full twenty times_ their age ; they bear most luscious fruit, in quantity unstinted. Creepers indigenous to a foreign soil planted here have run at once over the place and now grow everywhere in wild profusion; and many herba well .known] and grown down South afterayearlof cultivation here attain an im mense size and spread weed-like through the adjacent land. Each area of the garden is only another greater wonder than the last, and if I but cared to wax rhapsodical I certainly could not be justly charged with wanting warrant for it. But I do not choose to go into rhapsody, and so I will condescend to the practical, with some little detail as to the most promi nent experiments and their results. First, as to sugarcanes, of which there are eight varieties, spreading over sixteen acres, in the gardens. Mr. Holtze affirms that it is bad this year, because he would not cut the last year's crop till the end of December, having orders to have some sent to Delissa ville for crushing — the crushing which proved, through certain blunders, so disastrous, Through this the canes lost six weeks' growth, and Mr, Holtze feels very much annoyed at the result. Yet everybody outside agrees that the canes are grand successes, though they are a trifle less satisfactoiy in appearance than were those of last year. When I visited the garden some of them had made six or seven feet of ' cane,' and that is almost twice as much as any else I have seen here have done. Of course it should be remembered that these grew from the rattoons. Speaking of the growth of sugarcane in the Territory Mr. Holtze says— and it will be of interest to give the result of his experiments— that it should be in by the commencement of October. De Lissa and others planted in December, and he predicts that their crops will not be one-half so good as they might have been. In sugar-cultivation generally lie thinks it would be better for the first year or two to plant only cane-heads, and take the old roots up, and also to observe some rotation of crops, alternating the cane with something else. An idea of the impor tant work the Gardens have done for the pro motion of the sugar-growing industry of the country may be gained from the fact that 140 tons of cane have gone this season alone from them to the various private plantations and a little to Chinese gardeners. The latter further took, including a few to Europeans, 8,000 banana plants and 13,000 pineapple trees. This year the numbers already are respectively 2,000 and 5,000. All these are given away. The cane is even cut at the expense of the Government, and thus the Garden gives no return whatever except a very untangiblc one in the shape of fruits for Government officers and fodder for their horses. Mr. Holtze suggests, and I believe the planters do not object to the sug gestion—that a small charge should be levied for the care at least— say a couple of pounds a ton. Then the persons getting it would enjoy a great advantage, which they would not have had they to ship the plants from Queensland, and in the latter case they would not get them in nearly so fresh a state. Besides the planters many diggers and settlers up country are getting seeds from the Gardens. Mr. Holtze ftive3the carters thoss of the foreign grasses he has proved to be best adapted to the soil, and gets them to scatter them all over the country in the neighbourhood of their camps. The pine apples and bananas thrive even better than the sugar cane. I tasted all three— I have a tasted so many tropical fruits and vegetables this trip that I believe I could name them each by flavour ten years hence— and I found them all that could be desired. The sugar cane particularly, with its soft, sweet, soppy juice, keenly appeals to one's susceptibilities. It reminds him of the days when he, like the pulpy cane, was in his infancy. Going through the sugar acreage one naturally wants to know where the white ants have been that the. crop should be so healthy. I closely examined each plot, and only in a few cases were there any signs of the ante. Mr. Holtze has a wholesale contempt for them ; and when you ask him whether he thinks the little pests will be a con siderable factor in the planters' losses you see an indignant man. He opposes to the ants arsenic and potash, and the common so-called remedy of carbolic acid he impeaches with Teutonic warmth, as ' non. sense.' ' It is all very well for the first time, so long as the smeil is there,' he says, ' but when it leaves the ants are coolly walking over the powder and taking it to whitewash their cells with. Nowldilutemy arsenicandpotash in hot water, and take sugar and flour and make a paste. Whenever I see white ants I make a hole and fill it with a spoonful of the mixture. I never have the least trouble with them. Arsenic,' he points out, ' is a never ending poison. The father ant takes it and dies. His sons affectionately eat him and they die ; their mother and sisters devour them, and all give up the ghost, and so destruction goes on for ever.1' If his be the true solution of the ant difficulty, it certainly is a very inexpensive one. Four years ago in the old gardens he bought a half cwt. of arsenic ; half of that he has still. With what is gone he has conquered the ants. Maize is the next principal crop in the garden, and it is looking as well as it can look anywhere, notwithstanding that it is the third crop in a year. Rice simply flourishes, strengthening the evidence I have had throughout that the Northern Terri tory will be a great rice-growing country. Only the hill kinds are tried in the gardens, because the ground is too high for the swamp varieties. Cinchona has not been successful. The seeds did not even come up, and Mr. Holtze maintains that the climate is too hot for it:— 'It is all very well to say that it thrives in Ceylon, but there are high mountains there. We haven't got those mountains.' On Messrs. Poiett and Mackinnon's plantation at Rum Jungle, how ever, the seeds have germinated, and the little plants look healthy enough. But then the climate is different and the soil is better. Dr. Schomburgk wrote years ago that cinchona should be successful there. Coffee does not do well in the gardens. The prime cause is said to be the fact of its being planted so near the sea. The Arabica is not unhealthy-looking above ground, but it has no root. The Liberian looks sturdy, and Mr. Holtze is confident that it will succeed on the plantations. It needs great care and attention, however. Tea and several spices have failed. They have been tried fairly, and though they make plenty of leaves they have no root Cocoa is moderately suc cessful. Tobacco has not been as satisfactory a3 it was believed it would be. The plants I saw were very young, and I could not judge of them, but my conductor said that he has grown leaves 27 inches long by 18 inches wide, and that, I should think, is satisfactory enough. But he fears otherwise — says the soil is not fit for tobacco. He suggests, how ever, that in the more favoured parts of the country 100 acres in a crop of tobacco alter nating with rice every year would pay welL One of the best things in the gardens b the arrowroot, which actually overruns the place, growing in grand perfection weedlike. Mr. Holtze ground some of the roots with a nutmeg-grater, and carried a few pounds of the powder he got in this way to the store keepers for an opinion as to its quality, without letting them know whence he got it. They told him it was superior to any they had in stock. He took, the roots from a fair average area of the crop, so (that he might make a calculation as to the probable yield if all were ground. He is satisfied, as a result of that calculation, that even the indifferently good soil in the gardens will yield at leastl.23 cwt. of the finest arrowroot per acre. 1 ? Though cottonTgrows well~there is'a ques tion in my guide's mind as to whether it will pay while labour is so dear. He submits, however, a proposition which he conceives to be perfectly reasonable : that though .he would not advise any one under present con ditions to start cotton-growing, yet if the Government want a cotton plantation, and will givs him the use of 10,000 acres of land, he will try for five years to establish one. If he be successful then he will pay 7s. Gd. an acre ; if not he will yield possesion again to the Government. There are two sides to that proposal, however. Among the grand successes in the garden is the cultivation of indigo, information con cerning ffhich Major Fergusson received special instructions, to'obtain whilst he was visiting India. The plant has run from the gardens into the surrounding scrub and jungle, and you see the bright blue flower and the pretty dappered leaves on all hands. It overruns the gardens too, and indeed it seems aa though it never enjoyed its most congenial climatic influences till it got them hore. In India its average height, if one may believe the books, is not much more than two feet, here it is over five feet. ' There'll be many fortunes made in the Northern Terri tory in indigo,' said my conductor, and I quite believe him. Those who have travelled lately through India say that the necessities of its immense and ever-increasing population in the shape of food supply are always becoming greater and more pressing, and as a consequence the cul tivators of indigo have to make food produc tion their prime business. So the acreage under the dye-plant is gradually decreasing, though, as a matter of course, the demand is in an inverse ratio. Hence, and for other reasons, it is safe to back the prediutjou given above. I should have mentioned, when I wrote of tobacco, that Mr. Holtze gave-me somecigar3 which he had made roughly— for he confesses to not understanding the work — from leaves grown in the gardens. Although new, they smoked a3 well as the best Manilla* and they were milder, or at least they seemed to be— smoked as a varia tion of the exercises of sugarcane and maize and peanut and chili chewing— for I had scrupulously to sample everything that grew, and I felt like an Indian salad dish. And, by-the-way, there appertains to these cigars a little joke. The Government Resident had a box of them, and he valiantly championed their virtues whilst, as usual, men who ought to be the first to support ' local industries' decried thfim. They were colonial ; that was enough to damn them. He determined to give them a fair test. Shortly afterwards he gave a whist party, and placed these cigars before the company without remark. Un asked-for came exclamations of surprise at and comments upon their excellence. And then the murder was out ! I can understand the commendations, for I have paid sixpence for a much worse cigar in the southern capitals. The first energetic and competent tobacco-planter and curerin the Northern Ter ritory will doubtless make a fortune rapidly. When I tell the reader that there are nearly a thousand kinds of plants in the gardens he will thank me not to detail all the experiments. And so I pass over a great many, which meant months of careful watch ing and study in their consummation, and most of which were successful, notwithstand ing that there is not the slightest forcing to gain success. Not so much as a shovelful of manure has been used in the whole Garden, and not a single plant has been watered except by dew or rain ; for the Director con tends that if a thing will not grow without watering, then it is no good for the Northern Territory ; and to the end that the condi tions necessary to general success may be tabulated as far as possible, Mr. Holtze studiously takes every day thermometrical readings, and by a gauge registers the rain fall. This latter operation in a country where the downpours are so very partial is of great importance. It is more satisfactory still to know that the gauges were more plentifully distributed, for it would give the planters precise information. The new ones can, having registered the rainfall whilst they were clearing, come to the gardener and say, 'My register is so-and-so? temperature so many degrees. Here's a sample of my soil. Shall it be sugar-cane or cotton, indigo or maize?' Easy as most theories, you observe. But, continuing my summary, I may add that, much to my astonishment, I was intro duced to the grand old Scotch kale, healthy and hale as its kin in the old country ; to its wann friends pepper and cloves, and capsi cums and cinnamon, all either flourishing or looking like to flourish ; to healthy lychee nuts, mangoes, and bread-fruit, guava, jack fruit, yams, melons, beans, and sweet potatoes. Peanuts particularly thrive. Last year one- fifteenth of an acre gave 4 cwt. Eight hundred pounds to the acre is considered a good crop in California. The Manilla almond looks better here than on its native heath, and English apples, grapes, and peaches, grow, but the first and last, I thought, seemed pining. Some Spanish and navel orange- trees were in fair health, but the ironstone-sprinkled ground is not the fittest for their tribe to live on. The man darin, oranges, however, as I proved by sight and taste, had not depreciated one whit by transplantation, nor had the limes, lemons, citrons, and pomegranates, nor the many -formed hibiscus, nor Cape goose berries ; chilis, custard apples, carob-beans, figs, almonds, plantains, earthnuts, sorghum, sesamoil, cassava, castor oil, sweet sob and sour sob, rhea or Chinese grass plant, and others whose names are semi-legion. The cocoanut was tried, but not successfully. The nuts were planted on the beach, and one can hardly affirm that the experiment was a fair one. To Baron von Mueller the Director ex pressed his obligations generally, and parti cularly for recommending trial of the india rubber tree. Four months before I visited the gardens its seeds were sown, and I was introduced to a flourishing tree eight feet in height. The expressed and congealed juice of this indiarubber plant will unquestionably be one of the important minor articles of export from the Territory. So will palm oil from its tree, which grows luxuriantly. A big shade-bamboo nursery in the centre of the 'gardens is filled with many rare and choice young plants. Here, as with respect to some at least in the .open, scores of acclimatized and native grasses grow. The best to succeed is the common Phillips's. The English lawn grass grows well under shade, but does not seem to stand the heat, and yet I have, seen a capital lawn in Palmerston, where exposed, not artificially watered, its growth is satisfactory enough. The Alizana Indica thrives in the gardens ; but Mr. Holtze's opinion is that the native grasses are just as good as the imported are in their own home, and better than they will be here. He has been experimenting with the tall rank kinds I have described in my notes on the down-country travel, and he dis covered that by cutting them down frequently he got at last a thick, soft, fast-spreading, somewhat dwarfed buffalo grass, which sur passed the best couch for lawn and feeding purposes. English lucerne grows well, and the reana, a luxuriant fodder-plant about fifteen feet high, springs up with surprising rapidity. Jute has failed this season, owing to the un usually dry weather. The plants got sickly, and were attacked by a maggot like a gentle. The so-called broom-corn, from which Ameri can broom3 are made, grows splendidly. I saw a thick plot, averaging fifteen feet in height. All the Chinese oil-plants grow well. The ' teal' has spread— self-sown after the first year— all over the garden. It3 juice is a capital lubricating oil; 1,200,000 acres are planted with 'teal' every year in India. The six odd figures would give us a grand export for the Territory. Many different sorts of millets yield a heavy crop, and a row of mulberries are . strong and healthy. The Director is importing some silkworms to live in them, and thus he will nurture two industries in one. Of Chinese bamboo-silk I have with me some »ood samples 'which I combed out tram various thriving trees eight feet high. There is no doubt as to the success of this plant, and as the fibre is valuable in cloth manufac ture, its cultivation would be an important subsidiary aid to the planter. An African fibre-plant is equally successful, and so is the Indian physic-nut, used medicinally. The papoya-papa-papaw-papia (for it has as many names as a Chinese sharper has tricks) is amongst the most healthy fruit producers. It is a peculiar plant. There are malo and female. The male tree only flowers ; the others add the fruit. The males are the hardier, and on one plantation I visited there were no females, and hence there was no fruit. The males have to b-s inoculated by bees, it is said, and where the bees neglect their duty the tree is of no account except for ornament. The fruit itself is to some tastes delicious, though others don't like it. It is a cross between rockmellon, a banana, and a pineapple. And now, having served my purpose, I think I may finally close my notes on thi3 important subject. I cannot do better than confirm from my own observation during several visits what the gardener says— that 'everything imported that grows in this country thrives.' At first plants which are most notably successful now pined. The proper season for planting them was not found till experiments had been made. When it .was discovered there was no further trouble, and it is only a reasonable surmise that the same thing will repeat itself till, when the purely experimental work shall have been completed, we shall have thousands of \igorous acclimatized plants where now there are only hundreds. That the trial may be perfect Mr. Holtze is getting from all quarters every variety of each plant, and of course he gives exchanges. The garden, be it understood, is not a place for floral beauties or the kickshaws of cultivation. Its strong point is its strictly commercial character, and in that point it is simply Herculean. But I will not further annihilate space, even on so important a subject, except to mention incidentally that the paths of the gardeD, formed only of the natural ironstony earth, well drained, are better than tho3e in the Adelaide Botanic Reserves, that a jungle fowl's nest flattened on the top makes a grand elevation for a summer-house in the centre, that Mr. Holtze i; indefatigable in his work, and that one of the reasons why the gaol is to be placed so near the gardens is that the labour may be employed in them. Whether it will be safe to allow prisoners to work where they will be hidden by thickets of sugarcane ;3nd foliage is a question which experience alone can give the answer to. . , . 