'THROCKMORTON'S GHOST.' Major John Raine Throckmorton died a few days ago on a Mississipi plantation, to which he had gone on a visit. He was sixty-five years of age, and had served in both the Mexican war and in the war of the Rebellion, but it was not for his services in either that he was famous in Louisville or through.Kentucky. As the Courier Journal says, 'it was a woman.' Her name was Ellen Godwin, and twenty-three years of her life were passed in teaching the man contrition. As early as 1852 the public began to talk of John Throckmorton and John Throckmorton's ghost.' Wherever John Throckmorton was seen a shabbily dressed girl followed after him, dogged him with her presence, and haunted him like a nightmare. If he left his hotel in the morn- ing to walk down the street the shadow in dingy black appeared promptly at his heels, saying not a word, nor breathing to those who observed an intimation of her purpose. If John Throckmorton was at his club this woman hnng faithfully about the doors until he made his appearance, and then wherever he went she followed, until, perhaps he sought refuge in his private chamber, where bolts and bars kept her back. No matter if it rained pitchforks, if it were hotter than Hades, or colder than the breath of the Arctic, John Throckmor- ton appeared not in public but that his shadow was close at hand, to torment him with his crime, to teach him repentance. Her image was ever before his eyes ; she perched about him as relentlessly as Edgar Allan Poe's raven sat upon The pallid bust of Pallas, Just above his chamber door — Not a prophet or a thing of evil, but a woman full of vengeance, full of deter- mination, a woman scorned. Throckmor- ton went to Boston, to New York, to Phila- delphia, to New Orleans, but it was all the same. His shadow was faithful in its pursuit. It couldn't be dodged. Even when this man sought refuge and surcease in the army, his shadow, like a Nemesis, was still upon his track. John Throck- morton grew grey, and thin and shaky with age, the girl grew into a woman, and with her maturer womanhood came increasing determination. She would make him suffer ; she would teach him contrition. The pic- ture has been seen a thousand times on the streets of Louisville. A tall, slim man with white side whiskers, white hair, and a face expressing mingled mortification and recklessness in front, a woman, shabbily dressed and closely veiled, shrinking along behind. ' Throckmorton and his ghost,' whispered the spectators, as the two marched silently down on the street. 'The woman he ruined,' speaks another voice. ' The woman he scorns, rather,' says somebody else. 'The woman who will die at his heels,' says another still, and so they all talk. John Throckmorton and Ellen Godwin keep up this weary journey through life. It is rare that they speak to each other. Occasionally Throckmorton breathes an oath or a threat, but the woman only smiles. She is carrying out her pur- pose. What does she care what Throck- morton says or what the world thinks? Some say she is insane, but those who know her best say not. Throckmorton, among his friends, laughs at the matter, and refers to the woman as ' his hell's delight.' But his pretension of carelessness is all assumed. Upon one occasion, as the story goes, he meets her on a bitter cold day in the Second street market and curses her. For once the woman's temper gets the better of her. She seizes an ignoble weapon, a frozen rabbit, and in the twinkling of an eye John Throckmorton has received a blow across his face, and is lying stretched out upon the sidewalk. Upon another occasion there is, according to public testimony, a dramatic scene in the mouth of the alley. Throckmorton has become desperate. He meets his ' hell's delight,' and brings forth a razor to cut her throat. She throws back her veil with a smile of scorn, and says : — ' Kill me, John Throckmorton, but kiss me first.' The man becomes powerless with awe at the reckless bearing of the woman, and flees from her sight, but soon she is on his trail again, and it is the old, old story of 'Throckmorton and his ghost.' At the expiration of twenty-three years a trial takes place in the Louisville Chancery Court. Eilen Godwin is charged with lunacy by John Throckmorton, and an inquest is held. The courthouse is filled to overflowing, and the excitement is intense. The prosecuting witness, with scores of other witnesses to back him, tells the history of the long years that the accused has dogged his footsteps. After a while Ellen Godwin is placed upon a stand to tell her story. She was a girl but fifteen years of age, she says, when she met this man Throckmorton' He sought her out at home, and she learned to love him, subsequently falling a victim to his licentious caresses. Even after this 'I loved this man,' she said, ' so passionately that I found the desire to be at his side irresistible. I began to follow him upon the streets, solely because I loved him. He laughed at me, and spoke sneeringly of me to his friends. He forgot the promises he had made me, and I forgot my love for him. I learned to hate him. Before I had fol- lowed about after him because I worshipped him. Now I determined to follow him be cause he had scorned me, and because I hated him as intensely as I had loved him. I sought to teach him contrition, but he was too proud to repent, too stubborn to seek my forgiveness, and I was too resolute to forget my purpose, and so day after day and night after night have I been upon his track. I have suffered, and so has he.' Upon the occasion of this trial Ellen God- win stood the examination and cross examination of the counsel for the prosecu- tion as firmly as she had carried out her purpose of teaching John Throckmorton that a woman scorned is a woman wronged. The jury, without leaving their seats, de- cided that the defendant was a sane woman, and the Court promptly dismissed the petition of John Throckmorton asking that she be committed to the lunatic asylum. The trial, however, parted Throckmorton and his ghost. Ellen Godwin declared that she had exposed her faithless lover suf- ficiently, and gave up her intention to teach him contrition. Miss Godwin wrote the history of the entire affair, and has been offered by a well known publishing house $10,000 for the manuscript, which upon his earnest advice she refused, and the book was never published. Miss Godwin was quite a brilliant writer, it is said, and many of her articles were published by the lead- ing magazines of the day. About a year ago she died of consumption at her home on Jefferson street, near Shelby. She left behind her a neat little fortune, which passed into the hands of some of her rela- tives, who still reside in Louisville and are eminently respectable people. It has been stated that she was always shabbily dressed in her pursuit of John Throck- Morton. This she did intentionally, because, as she stated to her counsel, she wanted her own appearance to be as re proachful as possible. John Throckmorton and Ellen Godwin are both dead now, but this story of their lives is an exemplification of the fact that ' truth is stranger than fiction.' — New York Graphic. A. committee on tableaux at a centennial celebration in Vermont issued an invitation asking ' all the pretty women in town' to meet at the hall to take part in the tableaux, and every woman in the place came to time. The committee knew how to get plenty of help. 