Sm Bryan O'Logeles gave np the shost, as an authoritative financier, on Thursday night, and his demise was greeted with applause all round. In fact, nothing became faim in all bis Loans Redemption Bill straggle so much as his mode of leaving it; but the question naturally arises—Why did he not strike his Sag before! Mr Berry had given fcim both sour,d and kindly advice," but' he rejected it, as he rtjected all counsei of reform in the matter, until o ensis had become imminent, anr" ^e places and pay of tho G were seriously menaced, snJ then there came an unconditional surrender. This, surely, is not in keeping with the dignity of a Government in power, asd still 'ess is it consistent with a Government that was living on sufferance, propped up by the l>iindedfearcand jealousies of a number of disintegrated parties. Moreover, this eating of the leek is a thing so ben' ficial in the im mediate monetary interests of the colony that public derision of such a total collapse of official reid&t;&nce; to good e advice will be modified by the rejection that we have at any rate .; escaped the threatened harm to our national credit, which the previous policy of the Government had made so dangerously probable. It must hare been very gratifying to Mr Berry to see his better views adopted, though at the last moment, asd by means of coercive influences not of the most creditable nature in relation to the Government; (iut still the question comes to the surface, whether or pot it was the doty of , the Government, after all their oaths and asseverations that they would never—no, sever—give way, to give -way to the men who had shown their better knowledge of the financial position, and so let the real financiers of the House do the work which tho present Government now so humbly con- iy sents to do—to order. The Government had protracted resistance till the tension of official obstruction had grown 69 tight that not only had much valuable public time been wasted, but a crisis of a most stirring nature all but precipitated, and then they gave way, as they had given way a score of times before, to the disgust of all parties that, ding to the established usages of Parliament. The O'Loghles Government have, in fact, repeated the rok of the accommodating Yankee, who, having announced his "sentiments," said be would change them if they didn't " toot," only Sir B&yan; CLoAhLES protested he nevet would surrender, forced all sides cf the House to the utmost verge of rebellion, sad then, when he aiw the. game wts tip, coclly surrendered at discretion. This may be patriotism, but it will be regarded as a kind of patriotism beginning at home, and having' a strong passion for the retention of power, or of office and its emoluments rather, seeing that by the very act of the Government the want cf power is signally confessed. In his previous policy of resistance, the Treasurer was upheld by the Conservative remnant which has all along propped his uncertain and flabby Administration, and whatever opinions the public may variously bold and express as to the undignified attitude cf the Government now, the Conservative abettors of the Government must be held responsible for the delay and confusion and all the inconvenience of the crisis which the Government evade by this absolute capitulation before forces they can no longer withstand. The Parliamentary histoty of the colony does not, perhaps, afford a parallel -case of abject fiag-striking; and the honest welcome which was given to it by the leader of the Opposition, as mell as by other prominent . member* of the House, was given only because -they preferred the interests of the country tothe less .patriotic task of deriding ao forlorn A confession. of defeat after so long and so bumptious a resistance of all concessions. Jfpsr, thanks to the honest and more. sagacious opponents of the Government policy, the Loans Conversion Bill will be abandoned, and in its {dace a simpler aeries of measures will be submitted to Parliament, and the financial bmgiwBS-to.be negotiated with our lenders abd borrowers ' will be placed oa- • more intelligible and, in all probability, -on a tnbre profitable basiB. In a'l this weary conflict and aotaUy in the sorry dd nusericordiam episode of Thursday night, _ nothing stands out so creditably aa thegetteroua behavior of Mr Bs&BY; io the defeated bead of tho Government., Another Supply BUI had to be atad &r;, aod some natural wriimations of dngast *en>1iavd; but Mr BimitT riiirided the strldcen Treasure^-and stood up for the jpnMic necessity, for the carrying oa d tfca \jMduae(7 of jo-" vemment, a»l #» jmifatrtrttfee el 4afrifi>.ocfii lie flow had beetr oUtioata, jKorolced iuuds <f"$)Mt mxnent against *e jmfcfe cfodit^J»d deiayed jmUic bwdnen, wd t^d thmwa np the sponge'ra^ier than tmowmp office, but Hr Beest was too good a fatnot tol ase tbove conditions for personal or party purposes, and he stood by the defm',ed Treasurer because it was immediately necessary to stand by the greater interests of the country in the saving of tfco rational credit and reputation. The p-tiecn to t5« Lrgbietsve Council to expaog-i I^e f vc-stb clanse item the proposed Miniug Gi'-is Wtid^ting Bui is now lying at the Mr -J. A. Ciihk forui^natare, ud it is to be hope<l hat directors utd maasgrrs of miDing companies will attend and tttach tfcrir signatares, as the matter one of is^ortaace to the mining commanity. y Although the srnimTr weather has tcarcely oet we regret to state that tbc waste of water throughout the city asd to-vn Es goieg on at an enomons rate. Withia tbe last- the iraler at IW.fc'i leservctr-taa been reduced 9 incfeos; at Kirk's, IT iec&es; •nd -fet the Gong Gong, S inches—winch, as •the chairman - of the Water Comnsission posted oat last evening; was perfectly" znerplicable. and could only tie accomatcd for by n reckless waste oa the part «f boose- •itldtrs. We peed hardly mention tkat, at t^e'presexit rate of decrease. It ia not possible ferthe water at present in stock to supply the inhabitants for even a portion of tbe simmer; and it is earnestly to be hoped that consumers wilt do everything possible to prevent waste. If not, there will possibly be a scarcity before the next wet season, arhicli will be regretted by alL Tfee Water Comthission, at its meeting last night, determined to appoiat a water detective to prosecute persons gailty of wasting water, so that householders had better look to their taps. The second day of the Ballarat Haiti cultural Society's spring show saw an exccptiocsily large attendance the Alfred HalL. At one time the hall was literally packed. Tilt array of ladies' epriog toilettes was vety good, many costnines being exceedingly bicoming, while there were a few in which taste was sacrificed to a desire to be desperately fashionable. The many admirable exhibits in the show—and dowers were cot the only ones there—received due meed of public attention and praise. An exhibit very generally admired wfes .the table of "cone" work made by Miss Alice Wasv.ll, upon which many well - deserved encomiums were passed. Tbe judges decided that the yocag lady showed ingenuity and- caste which should be encoanged, and consequently awarded fccra special prize of half* gqiaea and a first certificate of merit. The heat of the weather tansiUy affeeted the plante and flowers, and towards the close of the show they soff_-red considerably. The attendance last night was estimated at over 2300 persoris. Braons operatic orchestra performed daring the evening some admirable musical selections. The receipts for the show were the greatest yet taken st any one show, being £10o 5s GJ, or £20 more lljia the takings of »cy previons show. We are requested to notify that through an accidental misplacement ef Mr A. Y. Brewster's collection of bulbs and conns, it was not judged in tbe section in which it was entered, and consequently snffered in the awards. Ths management of the society is to be congratulated on the steadily-increasing popularity of its crhibiticcs, ana the signal sucstss which attended this hist one. A petition was being signed at Smeaton yesterday in favor of railway extension from Creswich to Smeaton, ciaKingston and Allandale. The project appealed to meet with fa vol and in view of the growing importance of the districts interested large nnmbeis signed the document. Mrs Foley, a widow whose husband, some five months ago, was killed in one of the BalEuat mines, applied yesterday at the City Police Court to have au interesting looking little girl, named Bridget Syan, committed to tbe Industrial Schools. Sirs Foley had been keeping the child for some years, fcat since the death of her hnsband she bad been enable to maintain the little girl any longer, and asked for the committal cf the child, so that it could be boarded out to tar. The bench committed the girl to the schools for seven years, and Mr Cooper. C.P.S., said that he wouM do all he could to have Mrs Foley's request complied with. Tbe sixth annual regatta of the B.Y.C. was held at the lake yesterday, bnt though the weather was fine, and ia every rcspsct bat one all that could be desired, the racing waEofratherAnunintere&lscgcharacter.; The one exception was an important one—there was no wind. A sailing match when ^Ealus is asleep and Zephyr in a tantalising humor ii not a spectacle calculated to awake enthusiasm. The first -c'aas yacht race finished in an interesting manner—the two first boats bsiag so close that which is the winner remains to be decided. The Viola came in first, the Flying Send second (with a time handicap to benefit by), and the Dake third. Tbe escocd-elass yacht race started late, and end4d j oat'about seven o'clock. The Darlie Bay won, with tbe Comet (a Geelong skill) second, and the Grand Flaneur third. The third class yacht race was won by the Comet, the Maid of Kent passing the winning post second, and the Argyle third. The sea-horse race caused a great deal of fan. It was won by Blunt. Doting the afternoon the secretary received s telegram from Sir G. G. Morton, announcing tbat Mr W. J. CUrke would forward a donation of 25 guineas to the club trophy fond. A report of the regatta appears elsewhere in cur Columns. ~ Oar loal correspondent writes:—"Meetings of Mr Williamson's committee were held at Scandals inr Monday night last, and at Sm^tlicadale en Wfdueeiiay evebLig. 0." botn occasions very favorable reports were received from the gentlemen who had been appointed to canvass the district; indeed the secretary states that MrlVniiamson will poll all the votes ia tbe division south of Scarsdale, and the members of the committee are confident of securing a large majority in this portion of the electorate." A meeting, convened fay advertisement of the members of tbe Ballarat Fish Acclimatisation Society, $he Uoorabool Fishing Club, end ether persons interested in the 'breeding and acclimatisation of trout was held last eight at Lester's hotel, Dr Whitcombe occupying tbe chair.- It was unanimously resolved that,- "Id tbe opinion of this meeting, it would be most unwise to alter tbe dates of the present close season for treat." Garden robberies still continue, a miscreant hit ring entered Mr JiaecfiiU's garden on Thursday evening and not only broke a beautiful rose-bo^b down to the very roots, but carried away branches and bloom. Mr J. J. Fitigcrald, who has been on » trip to tbe old country, arrived by the last tram from -Melbearee last night, and was warmly welcomed ba& by a number of his friends, who met him at the ata&m.; Two Inebriates were tha wjcupsnta of tbe city lock-mp ctBa last night. One of them was axreeted 'by Constable Grady at the Western "Sl^yjs^o^^^iafo^,^ being mrcoed, » £11 cash refused to give fats name, believing- it wonld be no nse to Myboiy tat .himself.. .Tbe other was an old man wbo ahimld, in hia ^wrcore and thirtmyv^havelearned 1 A window, worth £28. in the ak^> or Mr Vince, Victoria street, was hroWmon ThavpLdayby a lad, ia a etooe^hrowing engagement with another toy. Ais the toy's psrtcU are poor, it is improbable that its coat will be made good. Visitors to tbe Gong Gong reserroir ahsa^ be on the look oat for* monster mate whiob has taken np its qoiten aOangst aotne high jgrasa on the basks, and nor the ndn of the water. The reptile, which Is about 3 feet 10% ferns been observed three or four times within "the hot fortnight, and when dutubed it tikes to the water a£d swims to the opposite sbod*: Hldhifc ijpy i <3d irfowaed^lat llwHPr.T. firtwy nLc^^i^s itlnsss, ssrf jr t »_ duuige 'of sir aad scene, recovery. It is also intoided that con- Teyascesfrom the station will be available fr.r those patients who will Ir^ benefited by daily drives in tlic vicinity of the .borne, and iu fact Mrs Kowe intends that nothing shall be wanting that Wkill and. care can suggest to secure the complete reiteration tc health of the inmates. A good haul of fish waatudc in the Gong Gong reservoir on Tfcuryday by a couple of anglers, who took away seventy-five altogether ia their baskets, cone hang onaer 510. A large number of small ones were caught, however, and throu u back into the water. It will be observed by reference to oar -sdrertisiBg columns that the opening performance of the Marian Willis troupe at tbe Academy «f Music baa been postponed until ilonday evening. The model of the famous Strasbo^g dock, sow showing &t; the Mechanics' Institst 1 , wss inspewted by a large number of pereons yesterday, and as usual expressions of intense wonderment at its skilful construction were the enter of the day. It will be on view again to-day. The programme of the grand annual gathering cf the United Caledonian Society at tbe Western Oval, on IfewTear's Day, has been tSEued, and contains no less than twentysix events. The prizes are very liberal all round, and for the Caledonian Handicap the first money is £10, second £5, and third £2 10s. Nominations for the latter must be in the hands of the secretary on 23th December. By an error id oar notice of the horticultural show yesterday, Mr W. Etidean was mentioned as a successful amateur. Mr Eadesu is a professional floriculturist, with an enviable reputation in his calling, won by many successes. The Bev. Isidore Myers, B.A., will deliver his popular lecture on the Talmud in the hall of the Mechanics' Institute, or ?taesday, 12th December. From the enthu' eiasm with which this admirable lecture has been received by large appn-'oititive audiences in Sydney, Melbourne, and Sandhurst as shown by the interesting accounts, and the calogistic comments cf the press, and from tie reputation, moreover, which tbereverend gentleman has gained for himself as a lecturer and elocutionist of a .very high order, the people of B&Uarat; may reasonably anticipate an intellectual treat and entertainment of a high class character. The lecture will be under the patronage of the leading citizens, including the clergy, and the proceeds will be devoted towards defraying the expenses incurred in cocnection with the mission which Mr Myers has, during the past several months, been prosecuting so zealously in behalf cf the persecuted Jews.in Russia. The mayor of the City of "Bsllarat will preside on the occasion. The treasurer of tbe Scarsdale District Relief Fund desires to acknowledge with (banks the rcceipt of donations from the Hon. P. Russell of £1, aad Mr A. Yonng, M.L.A., £1 Is. " Aurora's" contribution reached as too late for to day's supplement. It will appsar iu cur next The Premier (says the Affc) lias received the following letttr from ilr Gladstone's private secretary, in reply to a telegram sent by Sir Bryan O'Logblen, congratulating tbe head of the English Government on the victory of Tel-el-Ktbir:—" 10 Downing street Whitehall, 22ad September, 1SS2. Sir,— Mr Gladstone is obliged for the telegram, which you were so good to send him. It is pleasure to kirn to be assured thst the successful issue of tbe military campaign in Hgypt has awakened such a lively sympathy among the people cf Victoria.—I tun, &c.;, K. VV. Ri3m,TOS.~ Two enormous blocks cf stone, each weighing 23 tons, have bcea recetaly (says the Argus) delivered. at the Sydney Genera Post Office. They are to ba placed in the centre cf the building facing New street, and the itoyal arms ate to be curved upon them. Tbe stone came from the Pyrtnoat quarries. A statement (says the Telegraph) showi what lias been done in connection with the supply of water to the country districts, and to what extent Messrs Gordon and Black's scheme has been adopted, was laid on the table of tho Assembly, on Thursday by the Minister. It showed the folicaring figures: —Number of trusts, 13; total amount of loans, £40S,S3S; total cost of works com pleted, £50,852; total estimated cost cf works in progress, £35,511; total cost of works completed and in progress, ££5,336. Some excitement (says the Argue) was caused on the Bendigo racecourse on Thursday by the report that a railway collision had occurred on the Echnca line, near th course. A good many persons ran to tbc temporary platform where the passengers for the course alight when it was found that an engine coming from Sandhurst had ran into an empty train, and considerably damaged cue of the carriages. Fortunately no one was in the train at the tiaie, or the consequences might have been serious. Mr W. E. Sheridan (says tha Brr.dfg Advertiser) oa Tiiuraday •evening, wh playing I&gomar; at the Boysl Princess Theatre, Sandhurst met with a mishap which, while not serious, necessitated the Calling in of a doctor. Some glass goblets had been used, and a couple of these were broken. -Ingornar, whilst simulating a wild passion, threw himadf do an, and his band, coming in contact with the broken lass, was rather severely cat and the blood f owed freely. One of the cuts, between the thumb and the first finger; a rather dangerous position, rendering the victim open to a chance of being lockjawed, was rather severe. A medical man who happened to be in tbe theatre was called in and dressed the wounds. Tbe performaaaa proceeded without interruption, hat a noticeable hitch was C*us:d. | A breakfast in connection with the Church Congress came off (eaya the HeraM) at. the Victoria Cofice Palace oa Friday forenoon with much eclat.. The whole proceeding wa singularly free from .ths tinge of ecclesiagticistn. Tb«re is do mistake about it, that this Church Congress has altogether made an excellent in.p;ssR0B upon tbe community., Many sneered at the assemblage when in-! itisted, but it is making itself felt winning attention and sympathy on all batids by a right way of going tc work. The first -report of Mens Gordon and Black on the supply of water to the northern plains was laid (saya the Aft) on the tabic of the Assembly - on ^Thursday night. _ The report after referring to what is done iu the •matrrr of irrigation ia -other colonies, particularly India and the East expresses the opinion that in this colony, owing to the feet that the winter rsrca Sew array as they fall, no amount of artificial storage that a feasible can materially alter the present condition of things in the direction of irrigating the land in tbe northern portions of the colony when it is moat needed. It is admitted, however, that the land contiguous to such rivers aa the Murray and Goulbum could he easily irrigated, bat a doubt is expressed whether irri gatiaQ ia the properaenwof tfieterm would paf, thoagfr occasional Banding, similar Jo that recently .pcactand by Mr Gordon, a* Cohana, no4oubt would. - _ , .. . -: Dr CFB&cijel;!, J. P., 'of SacdbaVat was recently, fihed at' the locsl police ciurt for nrEicOodrx^, lus intimated (says -titer iirgm) to the Government ha.has been unjustly treatod. He. ss taking etepa to vindicate faia cbaraotff. and in the ha' desires that Solicitor. titxemoving faimtrain tha co&inisaba; of the Hbedaims (says the jjyej received fay the lecal fcoard of health at Hamilton in connection via the peoest alleged'outbreak of small-pox in that locality have been referred by the Government to a tnard far consideration. Tba board is to consatof Vr Hamilton, P.il.. Mr a Feathastoab^ngh. ex P.M., aad Mr Constable (receiver and paymaster). -Tbe Aran anderstands Oat IM Jfeiaon will leave *or Adelaide on Tuesday, 28th instant. After probably a ahott stay at Adelaide, th* will go on to Hbharfc *£at*tna(k ttaaatatited iman«b during thetiight as feanneHpairtiCT. ~ ' tr«f«re atillparaning en«alri£| Tb« Arpia wysit istn afoifioa toatste Ink IfceraTia itp Jooser id dodit Jhat a •mehyfcM brniota^A on tbe Hon. Cr. ir5wk«l MJUCLlawcipAiaB«( Us xwn-L - - if"it 1 •Jati • TTi^im 'jSt luilsdfaiitst AgeVoa TTmisw sftoftmw dscfait SH tftimiMIM 00 ^tfa, t,i-iiifisir-f austioa. ArahdeaJw B«Im -was addreasj&g.W3W;*bg; stfLwisc at^uimurtsaai fmr «t tampjrsrvca in tbe«—of atemoSc t m i W as ag^nst total tfaUimnot inn them, when, with intense vigor, be observed. "The frjet ia, my friends, the principles o total e'js^nsnee will not bold water." The audier^ee was ccnvnlscd with laughter, which was increased when the Epss^er addEd, " I was totally unconscious of what I was say- 13^."* The archdeacon, it may be cbssrved, is pot aa Irishman. Tho Education Commission ietys tha Tel graph) cat»oa Thursday afternoon, and ex axnin^ilMrKdwd. Straban, head master cf St. Peter's school; Mr John Hadfield, hcadrraataof State school No. 1479, Brightonxoad; and Mr George WiigEey, bead master of State school Xo. 1493, North Fitzroy. Thursday next being a public holiday, the chairman aunGuased that the commission weald sit on Wednesday, and receive the report of the council of the boards of advice on the working of the Education Act. The faorth, and probably the final, contest for the Millard' trophy will bs sailed to-day at the lake. Tbe prize money ia connection with the late Bxllarat Agricultural Show will be pay able by the secretary at Craig's h*tel to-day. A pablic meeting'wiil be held at MitcheliV assembly-room. -Morrisons, this evening, at seven o'clock, to appoint a manager for the goldfields common. A meeting of carters, contributors to the M'Gifir.'y fund, will be held at the Bock's Head boul this evening, at eight o'clock. A cammosed meeting of Court Little John, 3326, A.O.F.. will ba held at the British Queen hotel, Bridge street, next Tuesday evening, at eight o'clock, for the nomination of officers. We are requested to state that in the report furnished to us of the Primitive Methodist Sunday School anniversary the names of the Misses Glayas and Maxey were accidentally omitted. All employer, and employes in the grocery and produce trade are reqnested to attend a meeting at the Back's Head hotel at eight o'clock on Monday evening next to make arrangements for the forthcoming picnic. An adjourned meeting of coachboilders, wheelwrights, and general blacksmiths will be behl at Mr Graham's office, Camp street, next Jloniay evening, at eight o'clock, to enrol members and deal with matters of importance. Mr Birtchncll advertises a fresh arrival of fine birthday cards, consisting of band painted, boudoir, promenade, gelatine, and malverus. They are excellent productions, and worthy of tbe inspection of the most fastidious lovers of the fine arts. 