MR; iHEYDON OK' THE LEADER OI\THE GBEAT LIBERAL PABTY. Me. Gtraham Beery's late deliverance in Sydney; seems to have, had one;cdnse quence which not even that wily fisher for folio wers could have anticipated. . 'What- ever influence his suave, and plausible address was calculated to exercise on the/ .'minds'; , of the ^ doubttossed multitude, . nobody for a moment imagined that . £he most i zealous of new converts ,. to the. policy or , Protection would be pre pared jto absolve Mr. Berry himself from the iniquity of some of his worst acts. Yet one at least1 of the little group of budding political reformers in this colony who delight to sit at. the feet of this unscrupulous demagogue has1 not hesi tated to do this. Mr. L. IVHeydori on Monday night, in a studied/ (defence of the p plicy of the . .,' Protection League, . seems to. have, excited considerable enthu-' siasm | by pfeaching!;up-' Berry ? and; at tempting/ to i: palliate . / Black , ;l\yedne^-;' day.:r|;;!;;':;; ,/:/;:, '-]TVU^- v^'-,;!:'-':i-;i 'He. considered; (he-said); that thai League ; had acted/wisely in sending, for the Hon. G-raham Berry to open the. 'oampaign.. (Applause! and laughter.) In him they had, at all .events, a gentlerriariof popularity, and1 \ one i who :'?. had led the great Liberal party of Victoria to undeniable success.- In theheat of; the strife, things might have been' done by that gentleman which perhaps men who were at peace, and when the blood;was cool, might deem unwise ;; but at all v eventB be had been; courteous to us i in dealing: with; the E'ree- trade ;principles; of this colony. ;r.- -(Hear, ;'hear.)'j ?? -??- hi,-: ,::.r :???':-:?-? -i'i^. '.-: - /-- -? The great body ' of /Mr. Heydon's/ f el- ? lowrcolonists, and particularly ,his fellow Catholics, will be ipained and ?astonished at hearing from' him ariapdlqgyj in : any terms', ' for one of the 'worst,' if not the ivery worst, political crimes ever ; commit ted in the colonies. As an act of politi cal revenge, ;a- whole body of the Civil Sp.rvice of Victoria were '?ruthlessly evicted from -their offices, including, in two cases of ' Catholics^ the heads (per manently appointed) of the departments.: The Catholic '.officials, from the highest to 'the; lowest-^footo-;Mr.'/Wardell;v'''the' designer of /'our new/ CatKediral (/and'; of : dur nbijlest /Catiiplic s. edifices, .^. to, the; ob'scurest. messenger^ in. ;the. several dep artinents — were deliberately - marked out.as the victims of /Mr .'Berry's revenge. And.yet it is .of this ci'uel,/.cold-blb.oded wrong,! by which hundreds of Catholic families, have been sunk in hopeless destitution, that a young Catholic M.P., the newly- elected representative of a .Catholic constituency, ; speaks in mild and -mincing; and apologetic phrases. As i ? ? ? ? infamous a political act as ever was recorded is coolly referred to as one which, '' perhaps,' men whose blood was cool, or 'perhaps,' cold-blooded men,^' might deem wnioisc ' — not infamous, as it really was, but (i perhaps' linwise ! Perhaps we shall next hear of the Kiama G-host-raising in similar mincing terms. We are sorry that We should have 'to speak in terms of censure of any of our Catholic repre sentatives. But it would be criminal to keep silence when we have to listen to such language on 'such a subject, and while, moreover, Mr. Berry himself is being panegyrized as a leader ' of the great Liberal party' worthy ofi the imitation and admiration of the people of this- colony. 'We had hoped better of Mr., Heydon, for, he might fairly aspire to a respectable place amongst the large and increasing rank's of sincere Protec tionists without trying to outbid them, and thus committing, at the least, a silly indiscretion. 