THE SKETCHER The Deputy Commissioner's Ghost Story. BY R.N. (Written for the Queenslander.) IT is rather over a year since a gentlemanlylooking stranger was seen in Brisbane, and puzzled those who knew nothing of him by appearing at a Government House ball in a certain blue uniform, which, being neither dis tinctly naval nor distinctly military, hinted at some mysterious official position very tanta lising to the curious. Persistent inquiry was rewarded with the information that this was tho Deputy High Commissioner of the Pacific, and tho very hazy idea conceived by the Bris bane public as to the nature of his authority and tho extent of his powers invented the visitor with an interest almost romantic. It was rumoured that on his way from Polynesia in a man-of-war he had stopped somewhere to hang a man, and, having got through this little business in a satisfactory manner, had come on to Brisbane for a brief holiday. That the Deputy High Commissioner had been a so joumer in the tropics one could easily surmise from that inevitable sallowness with which a climate so alien to British constitutions in variably brands its visitors. Recalling the appearance of this bronzed-looking gentleman, we remember that he was of a grave and thoughtful cast of countenance. Gravity in men who have passed their twenty-fifth milestone on the road of life is not so un common as to be remarkable, nor, to speak honestly, do wo remember to have been at the time particularly impressed by this charac teristic in the case of the Deputy High Com missioner. But there is a perfectly unconscious mental ingenuity in the faculty of imagination which is apt to impose upon the most prosaic. If one were introduced to a man of average amiability of appearance who left an entirely neutral impression on one's mind, and then afterwards should happen to hear that he was a murderer, imagination would im mediately impose upon memory by compel ling it to recall particular lines and furtive Sinister expressions but too clearly denoting the relentless ferocity of character which had escaped observation in the first instance. Bo it is with us in the case of the Deputy High Commissioner of the Pacific. We remember now not only that he was grave, but that he was very grave; That his gravity had about it, moreover, a certain wearied disquiet. That, in fact he was exhibiting all the symptoms appro priate to the condition of a gentleman who nad lately seen a ghost. For such indeed we find was the condition of Mr. Hugh Hastings Romilly at the time of his brief visit here. He had not only seen a ghost, but, aware of the general incredulity on such subjects, he had carefully kept his experience to himself, and brooded over his apparition in silence. On reaching England, however, ho resolved to discard this reticence and to give his story to the world in a plain and circumstantial narrative. The result is a little book of about the length of a magazine article, very freshly and pleasantly written, and giving a most inter esting glimpse of an adventurous sojourn in Polynesia. What the Spanish Main was to the adven turous youth of Tudor times the Southern Pacific is to the enterprising English traveller of to-day. A young nobleman or our days, or a wealthy commoner, with the craving for roving adventure which seems inbred in the Anglo-Saxon of every country, steers his yacht for the Southern Pacific, and finds amongst the islands of Polynesia a multitude of new sensa tions. The beauty of these lovely islands, with their thickets of rich-tinted crotons stretching from the dark jungle of the interior right down to the dazzling white strand—in most cases protected from the buffetings of the Pacific rollers by a natural breakwater of coral; the thin fringe of nodding cocoa palms, the mar vellous grace of the rustling dracoenas, and the profusion of vegetable wealth, which gives the whole land the appearance of a forcing bed for rare exotics, all combine to impress a traveller from Europe with a sense of novel beauty very alluring. Yet natural beauty, though most satisfying to the senses, is not the chief charm of this sort of travel. The attraction of savage life which prompts so many travellers to explore the dark regions of the world has a peculiar fascination in Polynesia. Each little island as it rises on the horizon becomes an object of new speculation and interest. The great Papuan race, which has peopled so large an areaof the world's surface, has been curiously modified in these little island communities by the accident of environment. On a little spot m the ocean, not more probably than twenty miles across, may sometimes be found three or four nationalities, and any member of either venturing into foreign territory does so at the hazard of his life. In this region of perpetual summer, nature has been bountiful to little Eurpose. The scanty toil a native bestows on is plantation" rewards him with a rich pro fusion of fruits and edible roots, so that his leisure for all the indulgences of truculent savagery is abundant. Treachery is his vocation, cruelty his favourite pastime. There seems ample evidence that the aboriginal dis position of the parent stock was one of light hearted amiability and kindly nature, and in many islands this friendly cheerfulness still remains a happy characteristic, making the simplicity of the people very winning to a European. In others, however, the original nature has been so long clouded by a sullen ferocity as to have been entirely obliterated, so that a visitor tempted within the coral reef which forms the natural breakwater to most of these islands must be in some doubt whether on reaching the strand he may receive a merry welcome from a harmless gleeful crowd or a shower of poisoned arrows from a lurking foe. It is this spice of danger that gives a zest to Polynesian travel. There is actually less in common between civilised man and primitive man than there is between the former and his dog. In looking at the one, so near in all outward resemblances, yet so immeasurably remote in every thought, senti ment, and aspiration, one certainlyfeels more kinship with the dog who watches each expres sion of one's mood with anxious affection. When Darwin first saw a crowd of excited savages on the Patagonian beach, gesticulating and yelling, ne thought, How empty i» our pride of race when thus in all probability looked our abori ginal forefathers after they had assumed the erect posture! The main incident of Mr. Romilly's story took place at Botumah, a little island which, at the solicitation of the chiefs, has been annexed to Fiji. But at the time of Mi*. Romilly'3 visit her Majesty's assent had not been received to this extension of British responsibilities, and Sir Arthur Gordon had sent his nephew to reside on the island, and cultivate friendly relations with the chiefs. Hither Mr. Bomilly followed him, and the two young Englishmen seem to have soon won the regard of the chiefs, with whom they lived on terms of perfect intimacy. Mr. Gordon had brought an inter- Sreter with him, an Australian halt-caste named 'om Simpson, who accompanied his master on all excursions, several of which are very graphi cally described. An old chief, Alipati. but whom the visitors called Albert, was the friend they esteemed most, and on Christmas Eve the two Englishmen, accompanied by their inter preter Tom, went over to the friendly old chief'B town to pasa Christmas. Albert was a hospitable fellow, and pigs and fowls were slaughtered without stint But this Christmas cheer was marred by a mysterious tragedy. A line young fellow named Kimueli, a general favourite in Motusa, had been hacked about the head while asleep with a cutlass or big knife, and when that Christmas Day dawned lay dying. Circumstantial evidence fixed the guilt on Tom, and it became necessary to arrest him and take him for trial to Fiji. The trip to Fiji, in the Thistle, a twenty-ton cutter, which should have occupied three weeks—but which took three months—is one of the beat things in the book, but we must pass it and hasten on to the ghost Tom was duly tried and sentenced to death— which sentence, however, was commuted to twenty-one years' imprisonment—and Mr. Rorailly returned alone to Rotumah six months after his departure in the Thistle. The royal consent had been given to the annexation of the island, and Mr. Romilly's chief business was to prepare for the ceremony, which it was intended should be conducted with all possible pomp and irapressivenessbySir Arthur Gordon. The tallest tree in the island was cut for a flag staff and planted on a little hill to await the proud moment when the British ensign should fly rustling aloft amidst the acclamations of her Majesty's new subjects. But Rotumahn expectancy was doomed to disappointment Measles having broken out in Fiji, it was deemed prudent to postpone Sir Arthur's visit. Immediately after the annexation of Fiji this disease had ravaged the group, and if this new annexation were followed by a similar visita tion the superstitious native mind would regard the affliction as a punishment for surrendering their country to the white man. So Mr. Romilly had to remain on for some months in the new house he had built, lightening the dull evenings With friendly pipes with old Albert. One other white man, a Mr. Allardyce, shared the un eventful life with him, and the year slipped away and another Ohristmas approached. The Deputy Commissioner had built himself a com fortable house on a small clearing in the jungle, and as he supplied tobacco to any friends who cared to visit him he was seldom alone. The rest of the story he must tell himself :— " Two days before Christmas Day I was left all alone by my accustomed friends in the house, and spent the evening by myself. Al lardyce and I made some remarks about it, but attached no importance to it of any sort. Next day I went to the other end of the island and did not come back till late. I had not seen Albert or any of his people during the day. In the evening I fully expected him up as a matter of course, but again no one made his ap pearance. I should have gone down myself to his house, as I thought that possibly a dance might be going on, which would account for no one making his appearance, but as it was rain ing heavily I did not go. I asked my native servants if anything was going on; they said there was no dance, and they did not know why Albert had not come. I saw by their manner that they knew something more, and I saw also that they were afraid to tell me what it was. I determined to see Albert early next day and find out every thing from him. All that night we were annoyed by a harmless mad woman named Herena, who walked round and round the house crying 'Kimueli,' 'Kimueli.' We thought nothing of it, as we were quite accus tomed to her. Next day I went down early to Albert's house. He was just going out to his work in the bush. I said, ' Albert, why have you not been to see me for two nights ?' "'Me 'fraid,' said Albert; 'dead man he walks.' "'What dead man!' "' Kimueli.' "Of course I laughed at him. It was an every-day occurrence for natives who had been put late at night in the bush to come home say* ing they had seen ghosts. If I wished to send a message after sunset it was always necessary to engage three or four men to take it. Nothing would have induced any man to go by himself. The only man who was tree from these fears was my interpreter, Friday. He was a native, but had lived all his life among white people. When Friday came down from his own village to my house that morning, he was evidently a good deal troubled in his mind. He said— "' You remember that man Kimueli, sir, that Tom lulled?' "I said, 'Yes; Albert says he is walking about' " I expected Friday to laugh, but he looked very serious and said— " ' Every one in Motusa has seen him, sir; the women are so frightened that they all sleep together in the big house.' "' What does he do ?' said I. ' Whore has he been to ? What men have seen him ?' " Friday mentioned a number of houses into which Kiraueli had gone. It appeared that his head was tied up with banana leaves and his face covered with blood. No one had heard him speak. This was unusual, as the ghosts I had heard the natives talk about on other occasions invariably made remarks on some common-place subject. The village was very much upset. For two nights this had hap pened, and several men and women had been terribly frightened. It was evident that all this was not imagination on the part of one roan. I thought it possible that some madman was personating Kimueli, though it seemed almost impossible that anyone could do so without being found out. I announced my determina tion to sit outside Albert's house that night and watch for him. I also told Albert that I should bring a rifle and have a shot, if I saw the ghost This I said for the benefit of anyone who might be playing its part. " Poor Albert had to undergo a good deal of chuff for being afraid to walk 200 yards through the bush to ray house. Ho only <*aid— " ' By and by yon ace him too, then me l*ugh at you. 1 11 The rest of the day was spent in the usual manner. Allardyce and I were to have dinner in Albert's house ; after that we were going to sit outside and watch for Kiraueli. All the natives had come in very early that day from the bush. They were evidently unwilling to run the risk of being out after dark. Evening was now closing in, and they were all sitting in clusters outside their houses. It was, however, a bright moonlight night, and I could plainly recognise people at a considerable distance. Albert was getting very nervous, and only answered my questions in monosyllables. " For about two hours we sat there smoking, and I was beginning to lose faith in Albert** ghost, when all of a sudden he clutched my elbow and pointed with his finger. I looked in the direction pointed out by him, and he whispered • Kimueli.' " I certainly saw about a hundred yards off what appeared to be the ordinary figure of a native advancing. He had something tied round hia head; as yet I could not see what. He was advancing straight towards us. We sat still and waited. The natives sitting in front of their doors got closer together and pointed at the advancing figure. AU this time I was watching it most intently. A recollection of having seen that figure was forcing itself upon ray mind more strongly every moment, and suddenly the exact scene, when I had gone with Gordon to visit the murdered man, came back on my mind with great vividness. There was the same man in front of me, his face covered with blood, and a dirty cloth over his head, kept in its place by banana leaves which were secured with fibre and cotton thread. There was the same man, and there was the bandage round his head, leaf for leaf, and tie for tie, identical with the picture already pre sent in my mind. " • By Jove, it U Kimueli,' I said to Allar dyce in a whisper. By this time he had passed us, walking straight in the direction of the clump of bush in which ray house was situated. We jumped up and gave chase, but he got to the edge of the bush before we reached him. Though only a few yards ahead of us, and a bright moonlight night, we here lost all trace of him. He had disappeared, and all that was left was a feeling of consternation and annoy ance on my mind. We had to accept what we had seen; no explanation was possible. It was impossible to account for his appearance or disappearance. I went back to Albert's house in a most perplexed frame of mind. The fact of its being Christmas Day, the anniversary of Tom's attack on Kimueli, made it still more remarkable. "I had myself only seen Kiraueli two or three times in life, but still I reraembored him perfectly, and the man or ghost, whichever it was, who had just passed exactly recalled his features. I had remembered, too, in a general way how Kimueli's head had been bandaged with rag and banana leaves, but on the appear ance of this figure it came back to me exactly, even to the position of the knots. I could not then, and do not now, believe it was in the A native could and often does work himself up into a state of temporary madness under the influence of which ho might believe himself to be anyone he chose, but the calm quiet manner in which this figure had passed was, I believe, entirely impossible for a native, acting such a part and before such an audience, to assume. Moreover, Albert and everyone else scouted the idea. They all knew Kimueli intimately, had seen him every day, and could not be mis taken. Allardyce had never seen him before, but can bear witness to what he saw that night. " I went back to ray house and tried to dis miss the matter from my mind, but with in different success. I could not get over his dis appearance. We were so close behind him that if it had been a man forcing his way through the thick undergrowth we must hare heard and seen him. There was no path where he had disappeared. " I determined to watch again next night Till 2 in the morning I sat up with Albert smoking. No Kimueli made his appearance. Albert said he would not be seen again, and during my stay on the island he certainly never was. A month after this event I went on board a schooner bound for Sydney ; my health had suffered severely, and it was imperative for me to go to a cooler climate. I can offer no ex* planation for this story. Till my arrival in England I never mentioned it to anyone; at the request of my friends, however, I now con sent to publish it. "I am not a believer in ghosts. I believe * natural explanation of the story to exist, bat the reader, who has patiently followed me thus far, must find it for himself, as I am unable to supply one." We must confess our inability to offer any explanation of this strange appearance. On casting about for a solution of the mystery our suspicions very naturally first fell upon old Albert; yet upon further consideration we agree with Mr.Komilly, that no native would be capable of so complicated a practical joke at the arrangement of this ghostly personation. Cold incredulity is the ordinary refuge in such cases; yet in this case, from the position and character of the narrator, and his evident sincerity, there is no room for doubting his perfect good faith. That the appearance described was duly re. fleeted upon the Deputy Commissioner's retina we accept as an unqualified fact, but whether the apparition was a visitor from the other world, or merely a waggish native bent upon creating a sensation, we nave no means of form ing even a conjecture. One feels how the point of this story is marred by Mr. Romilly not having fired off the rifle he had brought in readiness for the occasion. Had he only succeeded in drilling a hole through the ghost, and had the latter continued his leisurely march unconcerned, with the stars shining through the perforation, this would have been without question tho best {host story that has come to our knowledge, iven as it is we know few that surpass it. A Neat Denial.—A facetious journalist, wtefc. tag to -take a rise" out of Leon Gozlan, inserted Bailor, and while serving on bourU a brig not only caused the crew to mutiny but ulso killed tho cap tain. In the very next number of the journal appeared a letter, addressed to the editor, by the author of the "Notalro do Chantilly." It ran thus:-" Monsieur, you say that I havo bceu » sailor, which is quite true ; that I caused the c»cw of a brig to mutiny, and then killed tho captain wWch is aso perfectly correct. Hut you foi£ot to 2s^^&rsss;& rarasc moOQ UOZI&Q.; 