THE elections for the Upper House, which will take place to-morrow, are causing the old and well-worn words “Liberal” and "Constitutional,” to be very freely used by the Melbourne ■papers, and they are used with very commendable perseverance and remark able gravity. One paper tells us that the? majority of the electors for the Council are now “ Liberals,” which is a .sufficient answer to. the statement that ’the’settlement of the -Reform question was a sell; whilst the other side, gravely declares that the Constitutional party is nearly sure to be victorious all along the line! We believe that we have read most of the addresses of the candidates for seats in Ihe Council, and we must say ' that we have failed to discover in any of them anything which can be fairly construed into a recognition of either a Constitutional or a Liberal party. Mr Coppin, in the Melbourne Province, it is true, does refer to a pro mise' made by the Constitutional party, but only to complain that it has been broken, and he is forced to admit that the . party is quite dead, so far ns he is concerned. Beyond this, which is but a proof of the folly of rattling the dry bones, there are.no allusions to the two supposed parties by any of the candi dates, the whole of the references having, been made by two papers, which appear to find great pleasure in keeping up the old cries, in order to aggravate each other.'" The game is not worth the paper and ink. It is not only not worth that little, but it is a nuisance and a folly, because it causes the old "enmities to be revived as far as the papers are con cerned, and tends to draw • attention away from the real questions, of the day to questions that are dead and gone. 1 So far as the candidates themselves are concerned, we can safely aver that not one of them is either a Liberal "or a Con servative in the . extreme sense.of these terms. There is not one of them who would support the plebiscite} the 6th clause, any of the devices which were once ; dear to the 'Liberal heart, nor would any one of them have anything to do with those violent; tactics which culminated in the shameful "deed of Black Wednesday. How,..then, can they be Liberals in the . sense that the Age means i On the other hand, we are quite sure that there is not one of- the candidates .who would support the/pre-, tensions of many of the old members of the Council, or even agree with a .great deal that has been said in the paper which is a sort of Last of the Mohicans as a Constitutional organ. . How, then, can they be Constitutionalists in- the sense in which the term is" applied to them so persistently 1 In fact, the can didates cannot be made out to be either one or the other,-except by the use .of the terms in a , new... and' altogether original sense. The plain; truth is that nobody quite knows where to have the candidates. Some of them who are now called Liberal were at one time on the other side in the strongest manner, and some that are called Constitutional. are quite as Liberal as those who' so freely apply’the term to' themselves. Parties have got confused- arid run into each other.- ■ There are no longer any hard and fast lines. There is no more a crowd ready to vote for each new folly as it arises, because it conies from one particular side, and there are, in truth, no" organisations of any . kind. Their own weight has caused them to break down. -The absurdities into which they, were led brought them to,, ruin, and those ; who were r once . the • most ardent in the support of- them are ashamed of the past. All this is a matter, for congratulation to those who desire- to see- the public affairs of the colony in a healthy con dition; to hear questions discussed on their merits, and to witness a fair con test on fair issues of principle. And, the elections for. the Council have been conducted as they should be.. .There has been a great deal of activity dis played, speeches have been numerous, questions have been asked on all sorts of subjects, but the -distinguishing feature has been that the candidates have had to give reasons, for their opinions, and haye not been able to rely on-any party, no matter what its pretentions may be or its influences may have been. This, of course, accounts for the opinion, expressed on :one side that the candidates ate remark-- able only for their mediocrity, because the journal which expresses - this view does not believe that anyone can be capable who is not violent, or anybody sincere who does not swear by some of its numerous crazes. But, the people are well pleased to see that the various questions are debated in a’ sensible arid dispassionate manner, and we are happy to bo Vable. to say! that the elections .will take place, without any’ of those • baneful party influences which ; have ;7done ' so: much to lower - the, - status of and- public respect 1 for- the Assembly. Of course, _ there are sundry accusations against the - candidates, as there always will be so long as political life is-what it is, and men are ready to grasp at any chance which they think will help to promote their success. For example, in the South- Western Province, which is partly within this district, a great many electors want to know what claim Mr J. I?. Hopkins can possibly have as against Mr Ormond. Mr Hopkins; is charged by one side with haying been allied with the ex treme Conservatives in the Assembly, and by the other with bidding for the Catholic, vote by, his uncertain, utter ances on the Education question. We do not know why bidding for the Catholic vote is so much more wicked than bidding for the Orange vote, which is very openly.done in some papers and by some candidates, for we suppose the one side has as much right to vote as it pleases as the other. We should like to see our .elections free from all sectarian influences, and this one reference is the drawback to the otherwise generally intelligent, manner in which-the can didates ! have ..conducted their can vass. We can only • say- that if the '.Catholics generally, which we; .do in the least believe, are going to vote for Mr'HopkinB,Kthey.,are : .goirig to vote’for a failure. He has no' claim against Mr., Ormond, and no chance of .success.- / He , has shown that he has no opinions of-his' own, or if he has any that they are readily altered to catch votes, and ho is: not, as his past public career proves,^the. sort of man that the electors for the,, Council are at all likely to choose. Mr Ormond we regard as safe, and Mr Hop kins as sure of being sent back to adorn that private life which' more' becomes’ him than, a public one. With the'other elections we. have nor concern. :W.e. really do not care whether Mr Coppin or Mr Ham-be returned for though tha subject sorely vexes many p ersons in that . vicinity. The one point which seeiris to ns to ; swallow, up all the rest is, the plain ..fact that the .two old parties are as dead ns the proverbial door-nail, or more classical herring, and tho only pity is, that they are not buried out of sight and forgotten. The way in which their ghosts are made to squeak and gibber in the Melbourne sheets is becoming-ridiculous, and we can only hope that with the end: of.the elections on Thursday the miserable humbugs will got rest at last,, and cease to vex those whom they are no longer able to. alarm. Theee is 'quite an extraordinary want of . information- on the subject' of the forfeiture -of mining shares' under the No-Liability Act, which has led a large number of persons; who mean very well sadly astray. The Cohncil, we see, is severely-taken to' task in.some quarters because it has struck out the 7th clause in the Calls and Forfeitures Bill, which was’ intended to make manager's give each shareholder notice of the forfeiture of his shares. For instance, the Tele graph says:—“ That the legitimate investor would be benefited by the. clause to which objection is taken by the managers of claims is beyond doubt, for instances are but too common in which the holder of mining shares has lost his property owing to his not having seen the notice of forfeiture in the Gazette, or the ‘ local papers circula ting-in the district.’” This statement is made under a misapprehension of what the law island is a sample of the positive manner in which persona give an opinion without taking the trouble first to ascertain the facts. If our contemporary will-take the trouble to study the Gazette,, he will find that' no forfeitures are adver tised there in companies under the ,No-Liability Act,' for the very good rea son that the shares become forfeited in course of law, without any action on the part of the directors. Now, as the shares become forfeited within a given time in course of law, it follows that any shareholder knows that his shares will be forfeited by a certain date if he does not pay. his call. There is no doubt about the the share holder will learn nothing either from the local paper or from the Gazette. What the shareholder is most concerned about is the sale of- his shares. There might be some reason for compelling managers to give notice of this if it was possible to do so, because a shareholder might desire to buy back his shares at the market ■price,' but it would be'useless to call upon managers to do what they would be quite unable to accomplish; In fact, if forfeitures .were made to. depend on notices being sent, precisely what was pointed, out at Sandhurst might occur, that is,.the shares might be kept back until they become valuable, and then be brought up by or for. the-directors. This is not. a question of, specula tor versus' investor, becauso all are in the same boat, arid the one is not more affected than the other. Asa rule, investors. do not transfer shares into their own names in progressive com pariies, for ihany good reasons,' amongst others, because there is no necessity for doing so, and it is idle to make a number of transfer to no purpose. ; The name on the register of a company adds nothing to' the shareholder’s' security, and does not affect the company in the least, for. the scrip carries with it. tha title to the interest set forth. This being the-case, it is found convenient in a host of-cases —in ninety-nine out of a hundred—not to transfer the scrip, and the result is that business is greatly simplified, money and time saved, and everybody is quite content. The No-Liability Act proceeds on the assumption that people will attend to, their own, and -experience shows the assumption to be a sound one. Tha only point iu which there might be a doubt is as to calls, for there is no law to say/ that they shall be made or what their exact amount shall be. Now, if it were possible to give every share holder a written . notice of a call, it might bo well to do so, pro vided that there was anything to show that shareholders do not get ample in formation under the existing arrange ments. But, curiously enough, nobody says a word about the- calls, which are uncertain, but dwell upon the forfeitures, about which there never • can be any doubt. ; From all this it will be seen that a great deal of what has been written was based on a mistake as to the nature of the No-Liability Act, it being taken for granted that the forfeit ing of shares ' was a matter dependent on the action of. the directors, whereas it is a matter of law. ' Everybody appears to be.’ content with the present state of affairs, except some few persons who do not seem to understand what the law is, and it is, surely, folly not to let well alone. One thing’ is certain, that if tho forfeiture of shares was to be made dependent on notices being given, all sorts of complications would arise, and the freedom from, legal technicalities, which is the great merit of the Act in question, would be destroyed, and the old difficulties would arise again. The Council has done wisely to' act on the advice of experienced; persons who know the law and how it operates. 