Lenten Lectures by the Archbshop of Sydney. (From the FH.rprrxs.') Ilis Grace delivered the fifth lecture of the Lenten series on Sunday evening (2<>th ult.) to a vast congregation.And taking his text from St. Mark “ This is My most Beloved Son : hear ye Him ” (x., (5) he said We have, during- the past four Sundays, been •dwelling principally on such reasonings as tend towards proving the Divinity of our Blessed Saviour. His own adorable*life, His miracles, His parables, His high claims. His categorical declarations of His equality with the Father, His mysterious and sinless career —all these things, and many more, we have passed in review, and, I believe, have come to the conclusion that our Lord is God, equal to the Father, One in essence with Him, the Second Person of the Blessed Trinity, and the Incarnate Redeemer and Judge of the human race Now let us for a. moment look at this question from another point of view. Let us for argument’s sake pin our faith on Mr. Mill and declare our Lord to be first in the rank of moralists, and unsurpassed in the high teaching of His life, but, still, nothing j more than man ; nothing different, except in i degree, from any good and enlightened philo sopher amongst ourselves : an able, pure, and spotless man, a great enlightener, and pos sessed of a heart full of tenderness and many sided sympathy—but, still, for all that, only a man. Now what did this most enlightened man, and inimitable moralist teach the world regarding Himself ? In the first place. He boldly and persistently proclaimed, even when a death of the most painful kind threatened Him, that He was God, equal to the Al mighty Creator of Heaven and earth, and One with Him, and possessing a strict right to equal honour with Him. A strange doctrine for a. great moralist who was but a man to persist in ; and one which, at once, on our supposition, is the annihilation of all claim on his part to any hearing or respect. Wlmt more did this fellow-creature of ours arrogate to Himself ? Allow me to read to yon His very words, for He lays claim to the power of coining again, after Ilis death, upon the, world, in regal majesty, in order to judge all His fellow-creatures and to separate the I good from the bad, lifting up the former into I everlasting life, and relegating the latter into I everlasting punishment by fire. ! And wlien the Son of Man shall come in his majesty, and all the angels with him, then shall he sit, upon the seat of his majesty : And all nations shall he gathered together before him. and he shall separate them one from another, as the shepherd separateth the sheep from the goats : And lie shall set the sheep on his right, hand, but the goats on his left. Then shall the king say to them that shall be on his right hand : Come, ye blessed of my Father, possess yon the kingdom prepared for you from the foundation of the world. For I was hungry, and you gave me to eat: ] was thirsty, and you gave rue to drink : I was a stranger, and you took me in : naked, and you covered me :’sick, and you visited me : I was in prison and yon came to me. Then shall the just answer him, saying, Lord, when did wc see thee hungry, and feed thee '/ thirsty, and gave thee drink / And when did we see thee a stranger, and took thee in ? or naked, and covered thee/ Or when did we see thee sick, or in prison, and came to thee ? And the king answering, shall say to them : Amen. I say to you, as long as yon did it- to one of these my least brethren, you did it to me. Then he shall say to them also that shall be on his left hand : Depart from me. yon cursed, into everlasting tire which was prepared for the devil and his angels. For I was hungry, and you gave me not to eat : I was thirsty, and you gave me not to drink : [ was a strangeiyund you took me not in : naked, and you covered me not : sick and in prison, and yon did not visit me. Then they also shall answer him saying : Lord, when did we see thee hungry, or thirsty, or a stranger, I or naked, or sick, or in prison, and did not I minister to thee ? Then he shall answer them, j saying : Amen. I say to you, as long as you did j it not to one of these least, neither did you do it to me. And these shall go into everlasting punishment but the just, into life everlasting. I appeal to the common sense of those who are listening to me, and ask them whether they-could tolerate such claims as are con tained in this passage being'put forward by a lellow-nian, however able or enlightened" he might be ? Has any sane man, outside, a lunatic asylum, ever been recorded to have made such claims as these ? Again : this | mere man of Mr. Mill’s not only claims as a j right to rule in the heavens, and to chastise all the wicked who have ever been born with an eternity of punishment, and to reward all the just of eveiy age with everlasting plea sures ; but He, also, claims, with an absolute unconditional command, the internal lieart loVc of every human creature ; whilst IFo j bases His promises of happiness and reward j in a future life upon the. scrupulous fulfilment I of this condition. He claims, as a right, j equal honour with Almighty God, the ever lasting Father ; and boldly proclaims that, all things tendercst and dearest in the world, the love of father and mother, of husband and wife, of son and daughter, must give way to ! lfis exclusive claim on the supreme love and worship of every human being from the highest king to the lowest peasant, in every age, and without one solitary exception. “ He that loveth father and mother more than Me is not worthy of Me.” For a men1 man, such as Mr. Mill describes our lam] to be, so mock, so truthful, and so little given to ex aggeration, to urge an unconditional claim to the paramount love and worship of all the hearts of all mankind in every age, looks as big an insanity as to claim a power and a right to judge the living and the dead, and to deal out to the whole human race on the one hand everlasting punishments of lire, and eternal rewards of never-dying bliss on the other. Speaking of our Saviour’s claim to possess and rule the whole being of man. Liddon says:—‘‘It is impossible to ignore this imperious claim on the part of .Jesus 1o rule the whole soul of man. Other masters may demand a man’s active energies, or his time, or his purse, or his thought, or some large share in his affections, hut here is a claim on the whole man, on Ins very inmost self, on the sanctities of his deepest life. Here is a claim which sets aside and ignores the dearest ties of family and kindred, if perchance they interfere with it. Does any who is merely man dare to advance such a claim as this? If so, is it possible (hat, believing him to be only a fellow-creature, we can listen to the claim with respect:, with patience, without earnest indignation? Do not our souls belong only and wholly to Him who made them? Can we not hide ourselves out of the sight and reach of every fellow creature, in (lie hidden recesses of the spirit ! which we cany within ? Gan we not escape, if we will, from all eyes save One, from all wills save ()ne, from all voices save ()ne, from all beings except Him who gave us life? Ilow then can we listen to the demand which is ad vanced by Jesus of Nazareth ? Is if toler able if lie is only man ?” [Liddon’s Lec tures, p. 17G], It is useless to proceed further with this argument. The entire life, teaching, and works of our Lord, and His claims, as spread up and down the Gospels, make it absolutely impossible for Him to have been anything less than that which lie in sisted on that He was, and in proof of which He worked so many miracles, and showed forth so many signs. His claim to upset the Jewish notions of the Sabbath ; His claim to forgive sins, and to transmit power to others to forgive them ; Ilis institution of the Sacrament of the Eucharist, in which His flesh was to he eaten, and His blood to he drunk, and which was to be tiie food and sustenance of mankind till He should come in power and majesty to judge the living and the dead—these claims alone, without nam -.. • .1 .mm (11.1 UlV.y SCOUl, its iirj‘0 gated to himself liy :i mortal man and simple fellow-creature, however worthy . lie might he in other respects. Now let us proceed one step further. It is a very easy thing to make a claim, madmen are continually doing it • the difficulty, as well as the test, is to make the claim good. Perhaps the most difficult thing to acquire is the love and trust of many fellow-creatures after death has arrested our personal influence. Our Saviour claimed, as wo have seen—and, in the event, made Ills claim good—to the supreme love and worship of all mankind. Those nearest to Him were the first to have their hearts wanned within them by the new fire, and to cling to Him as the one stay of their souls. The one especial theologian, the Beloved Disciple, who, if any one, ought to have known what Jesus was— who rested his head upon Christ’s bosom at the table—is the one before all others to wit ness to Chiist’s Divinity. He is on that very account called “St. John the Divine.” Butting our Lord’s parables on one .side, St. John dedicates himself mainly to prove the Godhead of our Saviour, and to show that “ the Disciple whom Jesus loved” knew how, in very deed, to love Jesus. The other apostles, who had direct and familiar intercourse with their Master, give in their own way, in their writings, their strong wit ness to the same effect. If Christ is not God, then their writings are turned into confused and jangling absurdities ; if He he Divine, then all becomes light and clear. Time does not permit me to quote passages in support of Christ’s Divinity from St. Janies and St. Peter, or from St.John the .Divine. Nor is it necessary here to do more than refer to the Pauline Epistles which take—as do all the others—for granted the fact that our laird is God. These men believed in it, and taught it throughout the world. St. I’eter made it known in Palestine, Syria,, Asia Minor, and Italy; St. Andrew, his brother, preached it in Scythia, Epirus, and Greece; St. Philip in Phrygia ; St. Bartholomew in Armenia and Arabia ; the two Sr. Jameses in Palestine : St. Thomas pushed his wav into Central Asia, and some say in-cached the- Divinity of Jesus Christ in India ; St. Matthew and St. Matthias carried the torch of Christian Hope into Asiatic Ethiopia : St. Simon of Cana, preached in Mesopotamia and Persia ; St. Jude in Arabia, Mesopotamia,, and Idnmma ; St. John taught Christ and Him crucified, and risen again, in Asia Minor, and some relate that lie even carried his activity amongst the Parthians. With such men as these setting on lire the hearts of nations spread throughout the world, the doctrines of the Crucified made astonish ingly rapid progress. Our Master, within two or three hundred years of His crucifixion be tween thieves, had His Divine claims recog nised in the passionate unselfish love of tens of thousands of all age's and both sexes, who, for II is sake, and in witness to His resureetion, were quite ready t>> lay down their lives, and undergo the most exquisite agonies of martyrdom. The “ plan” which He conceived for the salvation of mankind, though He had left it in other hands to carry out, gradually developed into tin' va,-J Empire of the Chris tian Clmreh. The Spirit of truth was to abide with it for ever. The gates of Hell were to he powerless against it ; It was to he a Spiritual Kingdom of which He was the Head, having a. visible vicegerent upon earth. In unity, and order, and obedience, this great world-embracing system was to prepare men, one by 011c, for heaven ; and to convey to them those gifts and graces which He, had provided for them by His Passion and Death, bv His great ransom—having bought them with a. “great price,” no less a, one than His blood-shedding in the garden, and cruel death upon the hitter tree. The success of His “ plan” shows that Christ was no mere ad venturer claiming great prerogatives, and in capable, when brought to the test, of exercis ing any except those within the range of the action of an ordinary man. He lias achieved a Divine victory, and has proved His title to our worship by the astounding results pro ceeding from His promises and declarations. Take Leo the Thirteenth, sitting on his Cathedra in the Vatican, close upon the sacred Bodies of St. Peter and St. Paul ; from that centre describe a circle so as to embrace all who submit to his authority at this hour, and you have a circle which repr.sents the circumference of the earth on which we live ; for, were we to make the sweep less comprehensive, there would be some, most assuredly,, who would be left outside who would claim to be enclosed within. Within that world circle is contained an exquisitely organised Spiritual Empire or kingdom, energising from the centre head, and obedient to him, as the Apostles were to our Master, who has left his Vicar upon earth to represent His Divine authority. And as the organisation and the relation of parts is unique in the world, so is the firm unity of Doctrine of Sacrament, of Sacrifice, of obedience, and of love, something unlike anything that man has ever set on foot. Eor over eighteen hundred years this vast Empire has been consolidating itself and expanding through the world, and taking possession of the hearts of men. It is a world fact, living and energising, and occupy ing a large place in the thoughts of men than any other civil or religious organisation. The Pope and the Church, at this hour, are the most penetrating power in the midst of human society ; and no political step of any importance is taken by any of the rulers of the civil order without reference, direct or indirect, in one way or another, to the etlect it is likely to produce upon the millions of Catholics spread throughout Christendom. Christianity has been, as a leaven, permeating through human society, and from the mouth of Christ proceeded those principles which notjonly rule the destinies of this Spiritual kingdom, but are inextricably interwoven with common law and the civil Covermnents throughout the world. The most infidel executives in Europe, are even now, in spite of themselves, compelled to bend to Christian principle in many important matters ; and in spite of themselves, whilst professing infi delity, they are thinking, in many ways, according to a tradition which is too grasping and too subtle for them to he independent of, or lo get lid of altogether. The fact of a village carpenter having, after His igno minious death, created Christendom, is as great a wonder as the fact of God having created the world. No man who is cautious, and who is capable of grasping the giant, or rather, Divine revolution that our Lord effected on the broad stage of human life in the civil order as well as the moral and religious, can help being borne along to the conclusion that Mr. Mill's man could not have brought about such a result ; for no man lias ever done anything analagous to, or even faintly resembling—even at a distance-—the work that was set on foot and carried out by Him who was born in a stable and died upon a cross. So far in general. Now let us come to particulars, and take one or two types representing the incomparable hold that Christ gained over the human heart and conscience ; gained, not morel}’ when men and women were fascinated by the personal charm that lived about Him, but after He had gone, on those who had never seen Him, but who, in faith, believed in Him, loved Him with a passionate affection, and died in witness to IJis Lesurrection and Divinity. When we consider the millions, all down the ages, who have sacrificed all that the heart of man holds tenderest and sweetest for His Name’s sake, when we mark the splendour of their character, the purity, and the heroism of their lives: when we know that tin? highest and noblest natures wen; just those verv ones which He knew host how to gather to Himself ; when we become impressed with the fact that such as these, the chosen ones of earth, loved Him, served Him, worshipped Him, and died for Ilis Name’s sake, declaring him to be God—how, I say, can I bring myself to imagine that He, after all, was merely a fellow creature who had become so sad a monomaniac as to go about the world declaring Himself to be equal with the Almighty Father, the Light of the World, the Eorgiver of sins, and the future Judge- of the human race. No! such thoughts grate upon our logical faculty and jar upon our sense of fitness ; and we are compelled to admit that, if there be difficul ties in believing Christ to he God, there are insuperable difficulties—absolutely immov able bars—standing in the way of believing Him merely to have been an excessively re ligious man, and a perfect, upright, truthful moralist. Let us for a moment, then, look at a type or two, showing the effect that His love and His image produced upon those who had never seen Him. Take the early Church and its adherents as it stood bravely up in defence of the new philosophy. The Roman world and the Roman officials were not merely amazed, but staggered by their audacity and by that new, unheard-of, germ of heroism which had sprung from the Cross of the Cru cified. Cardinal Newman says :—“ It is in deed difficult to enter into the feelings of ir ritation and fear, of contempt and amazement, which were excited, whether in the town populace or in the magistrates, in the presence of conduct so novel, so unvarying, so abso lutely beyond their comprehension. The very young and the very old, the child, the youth in the heyday of his passions, the sober man of middle age, maidens, and mothers of families, boors and slaves, as well as philoso phers and nobles, solitary confessors, and companies of men and women—all these were seen equally to defy the powers of darkness to do their worst. In this strange encounter it became a point of honour with the Roman to break tlm determination of his victim, and it was the triumph of faith when his most savage expedients for that purpose were found to be in vain. The martyrs shrank from suffering like other men, but such natural shrinking was incommensurable with apos tacy. No intensity of torture had any means of affecting what was a mental conviction ; and the sovereign thought in which they had lived was their adequate support and consola tion in their death. To them the prospect of wounds and loss of limbs was not more ter rible than it is to the combatant of this world. They faced the implements of torture as the soldier takes his place before the enemy’s bat tery. They cheered and ran forward to meet his attack, and as it were dared him if he would to destroy the numbers who were ready to close up tin; foremost rank, as their comrades who had filled it fell. And when Home at last found she had to deal with a host of Setevolas, then the proudest of earthly sovereignties, arrayed in the completeness of her material resources, humbled herself before a power which was founded on a mere sense of the unseen." ° Now there are end less types of this heroism ; St. Ignatius be fore Trajan, St. Polyearp before the Pro consul, the young Gemianicus, and Blandina, and Sanctus and Epipodius and Symphorian and Leonidas and Potamioena of Alexandria, and Apollon in. and Pope Sixtus with Lau rence his deacon, and thousands more, all of whom loved Christ better than they lived their lives, and proved by their violent deaths how passionate was the love that He had inspired into their hearts. Take, in detail, one example as a fair specimen of what Christ, though He had not been seen to be loved, was enabled to efi'ect in the heart of a. pagan and sinful woman. Afra was the daughter of a woman of Cyprus and her mother had dedicated the child, from her infancy, to the worship of Venus,-which means to the service of the most abandoned form of moral degradation. 1)tiring the per secutions the 'Bishop of the place, not know ing of her wickedness, together with his deacon, took refuge in Afra’s mother’s house. He converted Afra and her three attendants ; and all four of them set themselves to lead a penitential life. At length Afra was ar rested by the pagan spies. Gains, the judge, knew the history of A fra’s former life, wlmt she had been and what she now had become, and he said to her. “Sacrifice to the gods ; it is better to live than to die in torments.” She replied, “1 was a great, sinner before I knew (tod, hut I will not add new crimes, nor do what you command me.” Gains said, Go to the temple and sacrifice.” Afra said “ My temple is -Jesus Christ, whom I have always before my eyes. Every day I confess my sins ; and because I am unworthy to offer Him any sacrifice, I desire to sacrifice myself in His name, that this body in which I have sinned may he purified and sacrificed to Him by torments.” “ I hear,” replied the judge, “ that you are a prostitute. Sacrifice, there fore, as you are a stranger to the God of the Christians, and cannot be accepted by Him.” She said, “ My Lord Jesus Christ said that He came down from heaven to save sinners. His Gospels testify that an abandoned woman Grammar of Assent, p. 471-2. washed His feet with her tears and obtained pardon, and that he never rejected such wo man, nor the publicans, but suffered them to eat with Him.” The Judge replied, “ Christ will not have you. A prostitute can never be called a Christian.” She replied, “ I know that God has not rejected me from before His face, because he has permitted me to come to the glorious confession of His holy Name, by which I hope to receive the pardon of all my sins.” The Judge said, “These are tales ; sacrifice to the gods, and they will save you.” She replied, “ My Saviour is Christ, who, hanging on the Cross, promised paradise to the peni tent thief.” “ Sacrifice,” exclaimed the Judge, “ or I will have you stripped and flogged in the presence of your lovers.” She said, “ I am only ashamed at the remembrance of my sins.” The Judge cried out at her, “ Sacrifice to the gods, if you will not, you shall die.” She replied, “ That is my desire, if only I am not unworthy to find rest by this confession.” He persisted, “ Sacrifice, or you shall be tormented and burnt alive.” Afra replied, “Let the body which hath sinned undergo torments ; but I will not taint my soul by sacrificing to demons.” The Judge now passed sentence, “We condemn Afra, a prostitute, who declares herself a Christian, to he burnt alive, because she will not sacriiice to the gods.” She was instantly seized by the executioners, carried to an island, and then stripped and bound with thongs to a stake. Whilst they were doing this she said, as her eyes were turned to heaven and streaming with tears, “ 0 Lord Jesus Christ, Almighty God, who earnest to call not the just, but sinners to repentance,, and bast promised in Thy merev that at what soever hour the sinner is converted, Ihou wilt not remember his sins ; accept in this hour the penance of my sufferings, and by this temporal tire which consumes my body, deliver me from the eternal tire which tor ments both body and soul.” As her tor mentors were heaping branches and leaves round her and setting them on fire, she ex claimed, “ 1 return Thee thanks, 0 Lord Jesus Christ, for the honour Thou hast done me in receiving me a holocaust for Thy Name s sake ; Thou who hast vouchsafed to offer Thyself upon the altar of the cross a sacrifice for the sins of the whole world, the Just for the unjust, and for sinners. 1 offer myself a victim for Thee, (.) my God, who livest and reignest with the Father and the Holy 0host,, world without end.” Having uttered these words she became suffocated by the smoke and gave forth her heroic soul to Grid. Hie lion)an Catacombs are full of the ashes of countless martyrs, who, like Afra, gave their witness to the Divinity of Christ. Ihe inscriptions testify to their number. I'or instance, “ Marcella and five hundred and fifty martyrs of Christ.” “ Burying place of two hundred and fifty-nine martyrs of Christ.” It is computed by the learned, says Deharbe, that during. the first month of the first persecution from 15,000 to 17,000 Christians sealed their wit ness with their blood, and that eleven millions of martyrs, duringall these trying times, spilt their blood in testimony to the Resurrection. In Lome alone 2,500,000 heroes delivered their bodies to the destroyer and earned the palm of martyrdom. Afra is but a type of ten thousand others, while she especially indicates the force of Christianity, her for mer life representing the corruption and ani malisms of the pagan world, her latter life testifying to the exalting and purifying character of the principles of Jesus Christ, is not all this enough and more than enough to convince the mind that Christ was more than man ? Allow me to draw your attention to the opinion, or, rather profound conviction expressed by a man of genius who had studied the forces of human nature. Napoleon the First, Kmperor of the French, when in his banishment on the rock of St. Helena, was fond of comparing himself with other great eonquererors and rulers of past ages. Whilst once conversing on such subjects with bis attendants we are told that lie turned round sharply on Count Montliolon with the question, “you tell me who Jesus Christ was?” The Emperor elicited no reply, and be then continued, “Well, then, I will tell you. Alexandra, Cajsar, Charlemagne, and I myself have founded great empires ; but upon what (lid these creations of our genius depend ? Upon force. Jesus alone founded His Empiie upon love, and to this very day millions would die for Him. * * * I think I understand something of hurmin nature ; and I tell yon, all these wort.; men, and 1 am a man ; none else is like Him ; desus Christ was more than man. ° w f have inspired multi tudes with such an enthusiastic devotion that they would have died for me. <! * * ** but. to do this it was necessary that I should .be r,'s{bli/ present with the electric influence of my , looks, of my words, of my voice. When I saw men and spoke to them, I lighted up the flume of selfdevotion in their hearts. * * ° *•* Christ, alone has succeeded in so raising the mind of man towards the Un seen, that it becomes insensible to the barriers of time and space. Across a chasm of: eighteen hundred years desus Christ makes a demand which is beyond all others difficult to satisfy, lie asks for that which a. philosopher may often seek in vain at die hands of his friends, or a father of his children, or a bride of her spouse, or a man of his brother. lie asks for the human heart : lie wifi have it entirely to Himself. He demands it uncon ditionally : and forthwith IIis demand is granted. Wonderful! In defiance of time and space, the soul of man. with all its powers and faculties, becomes an annexation to the empire, of Christ. All who sincerely believe in Him experience that remarkable supernatural love towards Him. This pheno menon is unaccountable: it is altogether be yond the scope of man’s creative powers. Time, the great, destroyer, is powerless to ex tinguish this sacred flame ; time can neither exhaust its strength nor put a limit to its range. This it is which strikes me most ; I have often thought of it. This it is which proves to me quite convincingly the Divinity of Jesus Christ.” Whether Napoleon over made a speech couched in these words is somewhat problematic : indeed, I believe it to be very unlikely that he did so. but this is my point, namely, that they do convey an honest expression of Napoleon’s strong views upon this subject. My authority for saying this is Count Mnntholon himself, who declared such to bo the case in a communication of his to Chevalier do Beauterne, to whom the world is indebted for the publication of this remark able utterance. Whether the form is Napo leon’s 1 care comparatively little ; the matter is his without a doubt ; and he, :u keen, deep-thinking, practical man of the world, and an extraordinary genius, at once detects the Divine in desus Christ and declares Him, without equivocation, to be God. Now, whilst we admit that our Blessed Saviour must have been Divine, be cause lie declared this to he so Himself, and performed countless miracles to prove it ; whilst we see, clearly, that the Fountain of Life within Him was Godly, we can proceed one step further, and can defect', in His heavenly method, an attractiveness and a fas cination for the human heart which, of itself, is callable, of eliciting a passionate affection. I refer to the Compassionateness and Ilatienee of Jesus Christ. Weak and fallen humanity felt its wound ; it saw the priest and levite passing bv, the Good Samaritan stopped, and in His treatment of (.he forlorn and wounded man displayed, for all time to come, the Com passionateness of our tender Master, and IIis ardent craving to eomiort those who are in grief or pain, and to bestow upon them every consolation, though it should he earned by His tears, and bought at the price of His own life’s Blood. The ]’arable of the Lost. Sheep is another merciful similitude, pointing, as our Lord’s whole life did, to that most re markable. and Divine attribute of His infinite 'Compassionateness. But of all our Master’s Parables and Proverbs, the crowning one is that related in St. Luke's fifteenth chapter, just after that of the Lost Sheep, and which goes popularly by the name of “The Pro digal Son.” In tins Parable the new law of Patience and Compassionateness is illustrated in a most exquisite maunei. Tins is one of: our Lord’s most: elaborate similitudes ; and its perfect finish and liftingness, and the tenderness of it, and the loving kindness dis played in it, have rendered it, perhaps, of all others, the most popular. So rich is it in golden principles of Christian teaching that it has been called a Gospel within the Gospel. Kraui/cUurn in Kraiujelio. Allow me to read to you the very words of onr Redeemer be fore I proceed to comment on them. “And He said : A certain man had two sons ; and the younger of them said to his lather— ‘ Father give me, the portion of substance that, fallcth to me.’ And lie divided unto them his substance. And not many days after the j-'ounger son gathering all together, went abroad into a far country, and there wasted his substance living riotously. .And after he had spent all there came a mighty famine in that country, and he began to he in want. And he went and cleaved to one of. the citizens of that country. And he sent him into his farm to feed swine. And lie would fain have filled his belly with the husks the swine did eat, and no man gave unto him. And returning to himself, lie said, ‘ How many hired servants in my father’s house abound with bread, and l here perish with hunger? I will arise, and will go to my Father and say to Him : Father, I have sinned against, heaven, and be.tore Thee ; I am not worthy to he called Thy son. make me as one of Thy hired servants.’ And rising up lie came to his Father. And when He was yet a great way off. his Father saw him, | and was moved with compassion, and running to him fell upon his neck, and kissed him. And the son said to him : ‘ Father l have sinned against heaven, and before Thee, T am not now worthy to be called Thv son.’ And the Father said to his servants : ‘ bring forth quickly the first robe, and put it on him, and put a ring ort his hand, and shoes on bis feet ; and bring hither the fatted calf, and kill it, • and let us eat and make merry, because this my son was dead, and has come to life again ; was lost, and is found.’ And they began to be merry. Now his elder son was in the field, and when he came and drew nigh to the house he heard music and dancing, and lie called one of the servants, and asked what these things meant. And he said to him : ‘ Thy brother is come, and Thy Father hath killed the fatted calf, because he hath received him safe.’ And lie was angry, and would not go in. His father, therefore, coming out. began to entreat him. And be answering said to his Father : ‘ Hehohl for so many years do I serve Thee, and I have never trans gressed Thy commandment, and yet Thou hast never given me a kid to make merry with my friends ; but as soon as this Thy son is come, who hath devoured his substance with harlots, Thou hast killed for him the fatted call’.’ But lie said to him : ‘ Son. Thou art always with me, and all I have is thine. But it was fit that we should make merry ami be glad, for this thy brother was dead, and is come to life again : he was lost and is found.’ ” [Luke, Chap. X'V., 1-112.] This Parable is variously interpreted by different Fathers of the Church. Some teach that the two sons represent the Jews and Gentiles, the elder the Jews and the younger the Gentiles, who, by the preaching of the Gospel, returned to their Father’s house, whilst the Jews, dull of heart and mind, did not receive, of the same gracious promises. Others tell us that two classes of sinners are illustrated by the two sons, proud men and penitent men. Others teach that both interpretations may be con sidered fitting, one not excluding the other, so that the Parable may be read both ways without one interpretation interfering with the other. My point is a simple one, and this Parable illustrates it in a most vivid and perfect manner. 1 say that the great note or mark of Christianity is its Compassionateness and Patience, anil the main contrast between our Hlessed Lord and the Scribes, Pharisees, and Doctors of the Law amongst the Jews, was in this very thing—in 11 is Divine Pa tience and Compassionateness for sorrow and for sickness and for sinners, even for those who exhibited a hard, bitter, grinding, resent ful spirit. The .Pharisees and Scribes repre sented the degraded form of flic Judaism of that day : He, the new law of Compassionate Love and Patient self-denying charity. Jesus did nut come for the just, but for sinners. The Physician was sent to those who were ill, not to those in good health. He sat and drank and conversed with extortioners and outcasts and public sinners, and with pro stitutes of the town, with those withwhum others did not dare to ho seen : and He, by His Divine Compassionateness and Patient Gentleness, melted f heir hearts, purified them, and prepared them for seats of joy with Him in heavenly places. He did not fear conta mination. There was no danger of His being led away. The sun of heaven shines not only on the waving cornlields and the grassy slopes, hut he pierces into horror-stricken caves, and into dark receptacles of corruption and decay, and strikes on everything, clean and lilthy alike, with his rays, and still remains all pure and spotless in his glorious shining. So our Master could touch and be touched by the sores and corruptions of humanity without His being, for one moment, anywhere stained or spotted, or hav I ing in's lustre dimmed the least ; whilst FTis very presence had a healing power in it to I cure the foulness of the leper, to give sight to the horn blind, and to raise to life and strength the corpse that was breaking up and petrifying in the tomb, fn this parable, I say, the 1 )ivinc Compassiomitess and Patience of our Redeemer is splendidly illustrated. As Christ was typified by the (bind Samaritan and the Good Shepherd, so here, the Father of the Prodigal represents our herd Himself. | It. appears that (Ids father had two sons. ! Pike many others, since Christ’s dav, they | gave their father plenty of (rouble. The I elder seems to have lived a commonplace sort of life, and to have possessed very [ little generosity of disposition. lie was a i selfish lad. and indulged in that contracted, matter-of-fact way of viewing tilings— ! starting from himself always as (lie centre — | which is the mark of: a nastv. low. and ignoble I spirit, fie appears to have done Iris duty in a mechanical sort of way, and to have "had very little genuine, tilial love for his father. No doubt lie had given his father plenty of reason to know all this, and yet that father treated his hoy with great tenderness, and did not allow his stubborn and forbidding character to stand in the way of his paternal love and care. Evidently, the. one. thing this father lived for was for his children. All he had he considered theirs, rather than his own. Without a word he divided, on being requested to do so by one of them, his proper portion of substance to each of bis sons ; and his one anxiety was that they should be happy and contented. lie was brimful of love towards themtoovertlowing, and in his thought of them be altogether forgot himself. I low different were the depositions of the sons themselves. Both pierced their father’s heart by their self seeking and ward, of filial tenderness. The younger must needs seek greater freedom. Regardless of his father’s feelings lie demands his portion of substance. And as if his father bad no claim whatever upon him, after a few days, he leaves house and home with out saying Good-bye to anyone, goes abroad into a far country, spends every farthing of his patrimony in riotous living and debauchery, is brought to bankruptcy and beggary, and is compelled to pin himself on to onc"of the citizens of that country to save himself from collapsing through absolute starvation. This citizen, like a hard man of business, gives the young spendthrift a job—that of tending and feeding the pigs on his farm. No pro vision of any kind was made for him. He had to shift for himself, as well as lie could, and he was glad to till his empty belly with the dry pods or skins which he stole from the pig-troughs of his master. The cravings of hunger, the shiverings from cold amongst his rags, the forlorn condition he was reduced to, this absolute desperation had its salutary ef fect. He “ returned to himself,” he began to feel what. a. heartless fool lie had been. He saw, in his mind’s eye, his father’s house tilled with plenty and beaming with comforts even for the servants ; he saw, in imagination, the venerable and benign figure of one who had always loved him, lie knew well, beyond all his deserts ; and making one desperate | resolution, urged by the extremity of his ! position, he exclaimed, “ How many hired j servants in my father’s house abound with | bread arid I here peridi with hunger. 1 will, j arise, and go to my father, and say to him, j ' Father f have sinned against, heaven and before thee ; 1 am not, worthy to be called thy son, make me as one of thy hiicd ser | vants!’” Bee how tenderly the father must have ti eated him in old days, when he was at home ; for had he not so treated him. how could the Prodigal have placed such implicit confidence in his father’s forgiving spirit? how could In' have dared to get up a.t once, and in all his rags and miseries face his father’s home? Now this father, ever since the Prodigal had left him in that heartless way, had cherished the thought of him in his memory. He felt his absence kcenlv, his empty chair, his familiar voice, his generous affectionabmess of childhood, and many other loving qualities that, evidently, lie must, after all his thoughtlessness arid wildness, have possessed. How did the. father know lie was coming hack'? Perhaps lie know his hoy’s disposition so well that lie fc.lt sure it was only a matter of time for him to welcome his return again. He was continually on the watch for him ; though emaciated with star vation, and clothed in rags, and broken in spirit, and scarcely able to walk through weakness, his father recognised him at once, even “ when he was yet a great way off* Now what occurred on the father seeing him a long distance oft in this pitiful condition ?” “ He was moved with compassion,” says our Saviour. Here then is the motive power, the new Divine Force that our Lord and Master brought into the world as one of the main features of Christianity. So overcome with tenderness and compassion was his father, knowing what his boy must have gone through in that “ far-off country ” that ire began to run to meet him, old as he was, though the son was still “ a great way off,” and did not slacken his pace till he fell on the prodigal’s neck and kissed him silently, with die passionate emotion of a mother who had found her long-lost only son. And whilst •the father was breathlessly resting his head upon tire young man’s breast, his boy said to him, bursting, as we may well imagine, into tears, “ Father, i have sinned against heaven and before thee, I am not worthy to be called thy son.” The father, hardly listening to him for very joy, with his whole mind fixed upon his sudden happiness, he did not answer him, hut turned to the servants, and said, Bring forth quickly the first robe,” for he could not endure to see Iris child in those filthy rags, “ and put it on him and seeing his dried and bony hands and his torn and naked feet, ire added, “ and put a ring on his hand, and shoes on his feet and seeing his hungry look and pinched appearance, “ and bring hither the fatted calf, and kill it, and let us eat and make merry, because this my son was dead and is come to life again, was lost anil is found !” Ponder now for one moment on this wonderful, this touchingly consoling picture. How the whole heart of the father was charged to overflowing with one thought— “ This my son was dead and is come to life again, was lost, and is found!” That was his one overmastering idea, his one absorbing thought; and he could not rest until he had set the whole household in motion with the same feeling that he felt himself, and had ordered a great feast with music and dancing and the bringing out in triumph and the killing of the fatted calf. This gives us a true picture of the new element Christ brought into the world with Christianity, His Divine patience and compassionateness. This, taken with his Divinity, is the secret of His power and His hold upon the hearts of men, and of nations, which are composed of men. \\\ hat son conhl lie so utterly depraved as not to be melted and won by the love of such a Father. But now comes what I have always felt to be the most sublime picture of the exercise of patience and compassionateness to be found in Holy Writ. I do not think it has been dwelt upon as it deserves to bo, at least, I have not seen it especially referred to as the most striking note of the patience and compassion of the'father’s heart. The elder son, a surly fellow, as T said, who had, evidently, little imagination, and much touchiness—who had plodded away daring his brother’s absence, in the obscure round of household duties— and had lived a kind of negative life of filial obedience—whilst the father was rejoicing with the younger son amidst the sound of music and dancing—came wcariedly home from the hard labour of the hold. He heard, as lie approached, the sounds of merry-mak ing, the joyful laugh, the tinkling music, the happy echoes of innocent revelry. Cross with himself and with the whole world round about him, he called one of the servants, and asked, what all this noise meant. And the servant said : “ Thj^ brother is come, and thy father hath killed the fatted calf, because he hath received him safe.” But this did not satisfy the elder son. It seems to have made him all the more angry and morose. And, in spite of all entreaties, he refused, point blank, to join the party. Now it is the con duct of the father, towards this surly son, so ill-conditioned and repulsive in his bearing, that strikes me as being the very acme and perfection of patience and compassionateness. NVhat does the father do when the elder son refuses to join the party, and, thus, publicly, before all the servants and friends who were there, censures the conduct °f the father, and casts a slur on the whole proceeding which so filled his heart with joy ? I can imagine a father receiving tbe prodigal penitent son, but with this one with his forbidding unbrotherly unfilial ways, I can hardly imagine a father exercising much patience or forbearance. But what did this father do? Did he upraid this spoiler of and j snavler at the merry-making ? No. He left his place amongst the guests, and went out ride and “ began to entreat him,” to implore j him to come in and join the party. Full of j jealousy the son bitterly exclaimed, “ be hold, for so many years do I serve Thee, and I have never transgressed thy command ment, and yet thou hast never given me a kid to make merry with my friends ; but as soon as this thy son is come, who hath devoured his substance with harlots, thou hast killed for him the fatted calf.” Now would not the father naturally be disgusted with this speech ? Had he not divided even to this son his substance as well as to the other (cl inp. xv., 12). and had he not kept him all this while, in addition, under his own roof? and was it not too trying that this ill-conditioned fellow should grumble and growl on such an occasion as this? Under these circumstances what did the father really do ? lie did what alone the Preacher of tiie “Sermon on the Mount” would be capable of doing. He did not even look reproachfully on his elder son ; he did not even gently rebuke him. His heart was so swimming with love for him that he showed no sign of perceiving his mibrotherly and cross-grained behaviour. He simpty told him one thing which was telling him every thing—not in a tone of authority—which he well might have assumed—but almost as if he had been himself in the wrong, apologeti cally, reminding him that after all lie, the elder son, had been blessed with the greater blessing. “ But lie said to Him, ‘Son, thou art always with me.”’ Surely, that was more —being always close upon the Father’s heart and under his loving eye, than being received for one short evening- with the joy and glad ness on account of the extraordinary event of the lost son being found, the dead son being brought to life. “ Son thou art always with me,” and not only so : but, all these years that thou hast been with me we have made common cause. I have not only given to thee thy share of the common property, but I have so dealt with thee that all that is left to me is as much thine as mine—“ Son, thou art always with me, and all I have is thine !” Now I ask you, is not this wonder ful ? does it not make tears gather to the eyes to witness the unconquerable tenderness, patience, and Divine compassionateness of Jesus Christ? Considering all He, the Father, had to suiter from both sons—botli very unlike their father—and taking the whole circumstances of the case into con sideration—is there not something Divine in the mysterious patience and love of Jesus Christ as manifested to us in this similitude ? I do not say it proves His Divinity ; hat that His word corroborated by His deed, and brought to bear upon His Divine compassion ateness and patience as manifested in the Parable of the Prodigal Son, creates in the mind a heavenly harmony, and leaves an impression, perfectly explicit and indelible, to the cii'ect, that the power of word and deed and the Divine patience and compassion ateness are, all of them, attributes of the One same Individual—are manifestations not oi the energy and illumination of a mere man, but of a series of harmonious and Cod- like qualities, which, when taken together, with the Father, and identity of essence point to oneness with the same. Taken by itself, the Parable of the Prodigal docs not prove Christ’s Divinity : taken with His claims, and His Miracles in support of them, it weighs the balance down, ami it kicks the beam whilst we exclaim with St. Thomas the Apostle: “ My Lord and my God !” or with Peter, once the prevaricator, hut who afterwards was chosen out to confirm his luethren : “ Thou art Christ, the Son of the living God !” Now turn to the Miracle which I am to dwell upon this evening. To bring my thoughts outmost effectually allow me to place before your mind’s eye one of the most splendid masterpieces of oil painting that lias ever been achieved by the hand and genius of man. It was the lust picture that the artist painted : indeed, lie was suddenly attacked by fever before lie iiad time to finish it fully, and died whilst the paint was still wet, leaving tor the admiration of future generations and for the despair, so far as colour goes, of all future artists. It was painted to the order of Car dinal de Medici, the artist’s name was Paphael and the picture, still exhibited in the Vatican, is called the “ Transligurat.ion.” No doubt most of my hearers, if they have not seen the original, have seen prints and paintings repre senting it. The picture is divided into two distinct parts, and yet the artist has contrived to give a unity to them which shows him to have been a theologian as well as a great painter, as will appear in its proper _ place. Above, our Lord is represented as rising in the air over Mount labor, surrounded by dazzling light, and Himself shining with a supernatural fire making Ilis garments white as with burnished silver mixed with drifted snow. On Christ’s right hand, lloating in the air, and illuminated by the beaming efful gence is Elias, and, ori the other, Moses, hold ing the Tables of the Law. Below the trans figured Christ, hut on the summit of the mountain, are Peter, James, and John, over whelmed and prostrate on the earth, shading . their faces with their hands, on account of the excess of bewildering, dazzling sunlight that burns and flashes so close upon them. As this vision stood at its highest, all at once a voice Divine spoke from out the cloud above the head of Christ, saying, “This is my most beloved son ; hear ye Him !” This splendid vision of Christ’s Transfiguration, and this Heavenly testimony to his Divinity forms the upper portion of the picture. Below, at the foot of the high mountain, a very different scene presents itself. Human misery and sorrow, human pride and contention are there faithfully depicted. There is represented a child with staring eyes and wild and open mouth, and fierce and frantic gesture, his right arm is lifted up straight above his head, and the other convulsively pointing straight into the earth, whilst the whole frame seems convulsed, as the tension on all the muscles of his body bespeaks one suffering from dia bolical possession, mixed with violent epilep tic fits, His father, with his eyes staring out of their sockets, and with a look of unutter able woe and death-like weariness, is trying ineffectually to hold the youth steady ; whilst the crowd round about are talking altogether and excitedly gesticulating, some pointing to the unfortunate child, and others, as if to indicate where strength anti health alone can come from, pointing up to the transfigured Lord floating in his sea of heavenly glory. This pointing from earth to heaven, from the epileptic child, and. his broken-hearted father, to the splendid vision of the Transfigured One, forms that bond of union between the two portions of the pic ture to which 1 referred just now, and with out which the parts would possess no note whatever in common. As it is, the design, is stricth- theological and scriptural. The voice that exclaimed “This is my beloved Son. | hear ye Him,” gives the key to the power of i Jesus over the most malignant cases of dia bolical possession. He came to crush the serpent’s head ; he came to prove Ill's mastery over sin and hell ; and all through His Divine career lie is continually rebuking Satan, driving him forth, and displaying His supreme dominion over the king of wicked spirits, and all over the emissaries of the evil one. Sometimes men possessed by devils lived like savages and wild beasts amidst caves, and rocks, and tombs, and sepulchres. Our Master met two such unfortunate demoniacs in the country of the Gerasens, and they were so fierce, that the people dared not pass by that way for fear of them. On becoming conscious of our Lord’s presence the devils in the men cried out: “ What have we to do with Thee, Jesus Son of God ? art Ihou come hither to torment us before the time ?” And our Lord, by His Divine power, drove them out of the men. So it happened, on another occasion, in the synagogue itself— (Mark i., '>;)). A man with an unclean spirit cried out : “ What have we to do with Thee, Jesus of Nazareth ? art Thou come to des troy us ? I know who Thou art, the Holy One of God!” Our Lord commanded the spirit to depart from the man. “ And the unclean spirit tearing Inin, and crying out with a loud voice, went out of him.’ Now let me read you the words of St. Mark, who describes the Miracle of healing the child possessed by the. dumb spirit. After the Transfiguration, which I have just described, our Master came down from the mountain [ to join those disciples whom lie had not taken with Him to witness the glorious sight. “ And coming to His disciples,” says St. Mark, “ He saw a great multitude about them, and the Scribes disputing with them. And presently all the people seeing Jesus were astonished and struck with fear ; and running to Ilim, they saluted Him. And he asked them : Wluit do you question about among you ? And one of the multitude answering, said.: Master, I have brought my son to Thee, having a dumb spirit. Who, wherever he taketh him, dasheth him, and he foameth, and guasheth with the teeth, and pineth away ; and I spoke to thy disciples to cast him out, and they could not. M ho, answering them, said •. 0 incredulous generation, how long shall 1 be with you ? how long shall I suffer you l Bring- him unto me. And they brought him. And when lie had seen him, im mediately the spirit troubled him ; and being thrown down upon the ground, he rolled about foaming. And he asked Ids father : How long time is it since this hath happened unto him But he said : From his infancy : And often times hath he cast him into the tire, and into waters to destroy him. But if thou eunst do any thing, help us, having compassion on ns. And Jesus saitli to him : If thou canst believe, all things are possible to him that bolieveth. And immediately the father of the boy crying out, with tears said : I do believe, Lord : help my unbelief. And when Jesus saw the nmlti tude running together, He threatened the un clean spirit, saying to him: Deaf and dumb spirit, 1 command thee, go out of him : and enter not any more into him. And crying out, and greatly tearing him, he went out of him. and he became as dead, so that many said : He is dead. But Jesus taking him by the hand, lifted him up ; and he arose. And when he was come into the house, his disciples secretly asked him : Why could not we cast him out ! And He said to thorn : This kind can go out by nothing, but by prayer and fasting. And departing from thence, they passed through Galilee : and lie would not that any man should know it. (Joining strait, down from the glory of the heavenly vision, our Lord, it would seem, still bore about His countenance some gleam of extra brightness, and the people seeing him coming down towards them “ "were astonished and struck with fear.” There was a great multitude at tie'foot of the mountain waiting for the return of the Master. During His absence some of ITis disciples had been requested to relieve the poor possessed lad who, struggling and foaming, and dashing himself about, and almost destroying hanself, had nearly broken Ids lather’s heart : often times the boy had nearly been bund: alive, or killed outright, by the violent shocks ho suffered from on being thrown and tossed about by a pfnver s(conger than his own, j whirl) now plunged into the lire, now hurried him into the water, till the pony lad lost all consciousness of self, and fainted and pined away as if he were about to give up the ghost. Implored by the father of the. poor 1 hoy to help him, the Disciples used all their efforts to drive out the malignant spirit. But c still the hoy foamed at, the, mouth, gnashed ] 11is teeth, rolled on tin; ground, and seemed iis if some foul lu-ast of prev, strong as a tiger, nimble as a. panther, had taken posses sion of his being and was making it his own. j The Seribes and Jews looking on and seeing how egregionsly the. Disciples had tailed to work a miracle, began to sneer at them and argue with them, and brow-heat them for imposters aj^d pretenders to powers which the}’ did not m reality possess. It was during these altercations that our Saviour appeared amongst the. multitude. As lie approached the people ran to meet Him. The}' know where the real power was to he found. Our Lord aslo d them what they were disputing about. And one of the multitude, answering, said, “ .Master I have brought my son to Thee, having a dumb spirit.’ Then (he father, in most touching and graphic terms, explains with what, violence the tierce spirit, had been treating the poor lad “who whenever he takefh him, dashelh him, and he foameth and gnasheth with the. teeth, and pineth away.” Having upbraided their want of faith, our Lord said, in 11 is own calm majestic manner, “ Bring him unto me.” Now a meeting was to take place between Him who had just been transfigured in glory and had been de l-hired to he the beloved Son of (iod, and one of those foul fiends whose, occupation it is to destroy the work which that Son of (Jod came on earth to accomplish. The devil within, t hat. satanie panther which possessed the lad, felt the presence of its Lord and Master “They brought him,” says the Fvaugelist, “ami immediately the spirit troubled him, and being thrown down upon the ground. 1c- rolled about foaming.” < >ur lord, on seeing this painful sight, turned to tin- hoy’s father and said : “ How long time is it since this hath happened unto him?” The father replied---"1 From his infanev. I And oftentimes hath he east him into the lire and into (he waders to destroy him. But j if thou canst do cnvthing, lwh> us. having I compassion on u The falLc appealed on his own detail' a..- Wei! as ills sou’-, and | based his claim to help on that Divine attribute—the ('ompassionateness of Christ. The falher's conlidohee evidently bail been shaken by the failure of the Disciples, after having attempted to work his son’s cure. “ If Thou eanst do anything',” as if he should say, “ Your Disciples disappointed me, perhaps you have no more power than they.” Our Lord then gave the great Christian receipt for obtaining favours, and for being blessed with supernatural graces ; the one condition without which He declined to work his miracles or bestow any especial mercies on the people. “And Jesus said to him: If thou eanst believe, all tilings are possible to him that believetli.” The father, hearing this, and half wild with anxious dosin' to have his son relieved from his frightful malady, burst into tears, fearing Lst that his faith were not strong enough to produce so great a cure, and exclaimed, “ I do believe Lord; help my unbelief!” How earnest was this man. How keenly desirous to do the will of Cod : how beautifully lie places his eoniidencc and faith in Christ by the very words he uses when he says, “ Help my unbelief?” Seeing the father’s faith our Master, drawing Himself up and displaying in 11 is tone and manner a certain judicial majesty, uttered, with authority which could not he disregarded, these words: “ Deaf and dumb spirit, f. command thee to go out of him, and enter not anymore into him. And cry ing oul and greatly tearing him, he went out of him, and the child became as dead, so that many said : lie is dead. Hut .lesus, taking him hv the hand, lifted him up and cured the boy and restored him to his father.” [Luke x., 4b]. When the Disciples afterwards asked our Saviour how it was they failed to euro the boy lb' re plied : “ This kind can go out by nothing but by prayer and fasting.” How what do we learn from this miracle ? First, our Lord's Transfiguration which immediately preceded it, and the Voice from the cloud, point to the great dogmatic fact of Christ’s Divinity. To (junto the words of one of the Fathers ; “ He brings Moses and Hlia.s before (Imm, that is, before l’eter, dames, and John, who wit nessed the Tfitnsli munition, Jirsf, indeed, because the multitudes said that Christ, was F.lias, and one of the Prophets, He shews Himself to the apostles with them, so that, thev might sec the diil'erenoe between the Lord and His servants. And again because tin' dews accused Christ of Irangressing the; law, and (bought Him a blasphemer, as if He arrogated to Himself the glory of the Father, He brought, before them those who shone conspicuous both ways ; for Moses gave the law, and F.lias was zealous for the glory of Hod: for which reason nritiicr wouhl have stood near Him, if he had hern ipposed to Hod and His law. ; ” Furthermore He signified by this that the doctrine of the Prophets was the schoolmaster to the doctrine of Christ. He also signified the function of the Old and Mow Testament, and that the Apostles shall be joined in the resurrection v.-itli the Prophets, and both together shall go forth h> meet their common king.” A "-a in : St. Chrysostom, referring to the Voice in tin' cloud, says : 11 The Voice pro reeded from a cloud in which (Ind is won! to appear, that they might believe that the Voice was sent forth from Hod. Put. in that He says. 1 This is My Pn-.loved Son,' He declares that, the will of Hie Father and the Son is one, and that, save in that He is (lie Son, lie is in all things < hie with Him who beyot Him.” .You’ as L’apbael makes one picture of the two events of the Trawtigura tion above Mould Tabor and of the possessed bov below, so may we see a oneness in both events, that is, the power of Hod our Saviour in the, first instance, manifesting itself in His glorification, and, in the second, in 11 is seoretno jurisdiction not only over diseases of the body, but. over the fiends of dark new and the powers of hell. As the Voice from the ('loud proclaimed Christ Hivittc, so the voices of the devils, or devils using (lie organs of human beings, proclaimed him to be. Hi vine as well. Il.eu.ven. earlb, and hell, Hod the Almighty Father, the Apostles and Fvangelists, and the very devils themselves, are of one mind on this point that Christ is Hod, Hie Sooond Person of the Adorable Trinity, incarnate- for man's re demption, awl (lie Judge of all mankind. I need not 'point, to the liturgy of the Church in her exorcisms to show yon what bearing this miracle and those oi the same class have ■ i her doetrim' and lwr discipline. Her teaching with regard to Satan and evil spirits, her methods of dealing with them by lasting and pra.ycr, Iter constant care In protect her children against their wiles, her blessings, her crosses, her sprinklings, her exorcisms, all these things are in keeping with, and me con tarnations and developments of the Gospel teachings with regard to possessions, obses sions. and the various other forms in which evil spirits torment the bodies and souls of men. There is not a Parable or Miracle re corded in the Mew Testament which does not illustrate or confirm, which is not the root or the germ of some dogmatic or moral verity as expounded and expanded by the theologians of the schools according to the various re quirements of Holy Church, if Christ and if the Evangelists are truthful witnesses, the Catholic Church must be Christ's Church : for the Catholic Church, alone of all Churches, is in harmony throughout the entire gamut with the teachings, whether by Parable or Miracle, or otherwise, of our Saviour Jesus Christ. If He had a “ plan,” and it is clear He had one, its realisation must, and can alone he found in that universal Spiritual Empire which 1ms Rome for a centre and the earth for a circumference, and which shows less sign of failure and more signs of vigour in the light of the nineteenth century than ever she has done before. One word in con clusion. 11: with Mr. Mill we say Christ is only a man, His claims, as put in a man’s mouth, are simple blasphemies anil follies, whereas as put in the mouth of God, they are tin.1 very claims he would naturally urge, if the realization of Christ’s claim in the adorn tion and passionate love of nations is put down as being brought about simply by the influence of a fellow- creature — of a pour mechanic—the cause, we cannot help feeling, is far from adequate to this eileet. With Napoleon, wo are compelled to recognise here a power beyond man’s, a power and influence belonging alone to God. This view of the case is corroborated by two miracles, that of our Lords's Transfiguration with the Voice exclaiming from the cloud, u This is My Beloved Son,” and that of the boy possessed by a fiend of h/dl, which iiend, stronger than the Apostles, lied away at the command of the Redeemer of the World. When we ado to this our Lord’s teaching on Patience and Compassionateness, and the realisation of both in the Christian Church, we again are com forted in mind by the feeling that that dogma of Christ’s Divinity which faith offers lor our acceptance is perfectly in accordance with the conclusions of most cautious human reasoning. 