IRELAND: A RETROSPECT. TO THE EDITOB. Eodox (log.)—But if tlie country of Ireland, whence you lately came, be of so goodly and com modious a soil as yoa report, I wonder that no course is taken for the turning thereof to good uses, and reducing that nation to better government and civility. v Ieenaeus—Marry, so there have been divers good plots devised and wise counsels cast already about reformation of that realm, but they say it is the fatal destiny of that land that no purposes what ever which are meant for her good will prosper ox take good effect, which, whether it proceed from the very genius of the soil, or influence of the stars, or that Almighty God hath not yet appointed the time of her reformation, or that he reserveth her in this unquiet state until some secret scourge, which shall by her coma .unto .England, it is hard to be known and yet much to be feared. Sir-Three centuries have! elapsed since Spencer wrote this about Ireland; and a scourge with a vengeance has she been to Eugland. If the good angel, who informed the holy woman Bridgitta how the unfortunate Irish " fell down into bell as thick as any hail shower," in consequence of their " continual war, root of hate and envy, and of vices contrary to charity," were once again to have the kindness to unbosom himself to some superior mixture of earth's mould, like the holy Biddy, he would probably tell her that a second gate had to be opened in hell to afford easy ingress to the increasing streams of Hibernians that had entered it in the interval. For has not -war been almost chronic ever since P But, after all, it may be that Bridgitta had been only dreaming. Perhaps she had mistaken the nationality of the people who fell in such multitudes into the fathomless pit, for the most learned theologians tell us that the guilt of war can only be fastened on those who have wrongfully made it necessary. And what was it that necessitated the many and almost continuous rebellions in Ireland since Heniy H. landed there ? Where rebellion was not simply the assertion of a people's right to existence, when the Government had de creed extermination, it sprang from a con sciousness that it was the only remedy left against systematic robbery, and from a con viction that power, when its exercise is not for the benefit of those who are subject to it, is simply the right of the strongest, and may be repressed by the exercise of a similar right. When the first settlement by the English took place the system of tribal ownership was in full swing. The property in the soil was vested in several quasi- corporations composed of each chief and the members of his tribe. The relation of the chief to the common land of his clan was thatof a trustee for life. He had aright to the receipt of certain dues which he ac quired by election, and a life interest as a sort of usufructuary in his private demesne land. When therefore an oath of fealty was exacted by Henry II. from the Irish chieftnns, he acquired no greater rights thereby than they were capable of yielding, which were at most those of personal allegiance. Tlie ownership of the soil being in the whole tribe, was in capable of being surrendered by the acts of individuals, a fact which the extreme difficul ties which surround alienation in the case of the village communities of India, bear out. ' The grants of land to the De Laceys, De Clares, De Cogans, Fitz Adelims, and various other adventurers towards the end of the twelfth century, were consequently attempts to dispose of estates which he had neither acquired by conquest nor become possessed of by legal surrender. "The existence of the Irish people was absolutely ignored, and es tates granted as if there had been no owners." Deprived of all rights they fled to the moun tains, and other places difficult of access, keeping their organization unbroken, whence they were always, ready to emerge whenever an opportunity favourable to recover their lands seemed to have arisen. Chronic warfare was the result. Many of the tribes became subsequently re possessed of their lands, the Norman grantees being compelled by necessity to assume the roles of chieftans. The Irish Lords were again induced to go through-the form of a sham surrender in Henry Tilt's reign, which led to remonstrances from the Septs, "who asserted that having had no more than a per sonal estate for life in the soil, the chiefs were incapable of giving an absolute surrender of the inheritance. The devastating wars of the two succeeding reigns were occasioned by the refusal of the people to acquiesce quietly in systematic spoliation. The condition to which they were reduced when complete ex haustion brought on peace is well described by Spencer—" Out of every corner of the woods and glens they came creeping upon their hands, for their legs could not bear them. They looked like anatomies of death ; they 6poke like ghosts crying out of their graves ; they did eat the dead carrion happy when they could find them ; yea, and one another soon after, inasmuch as the very carcases they spared not to scrape out of their graves." Pelham and Ormond had done their work in fine style. Confiscations went on wholesale under. Mary, and the work of ousting the Kerns was supplemented by mur dering the chiefs. James I. came, and Sir John Davis tells us that the policy of the parental ^English Government was " to root out the Irish from the soil, to confiscate the property of the Septs, and plant the country systematically with English tenants." The celebrated Tanistry case was the final blow struck by tyranny against a people's rights, by the decision of the Judges that the law of Tanistry was illegal. The plantation of Ulster by the scum of the English and Scottish cities followed. Charles I., like the good saint that he was, was kind enough to accept of a sum of £120,000from the people of Connaught for the promise of certain " graces," which consisted mainly in giving legal recognition to rights which were previously beyond question. His father had been doubly paid for the same ■ favor before him. He kept his promise by sending over Wentworth to institute an enquiry into defective titles, the Judges be ing paid a commission of four shillings in the pound on the first year's rent of every estate they confiscated to the King. When in 1618 he found himself upon his knees Charles pro mised a restoration of their lands to the Irish, and they were fo 'lish enough to believe and fight for him. Charles II. rewarded their fidelity to his house by allowing the enactment of a statute which precluded all enquiry into their claims. The terrible agrarian rebellion into which they had been driven in the mean time was productive of the most disastrous results that ever befell a nation. It left peace after it, but it was the peace of the grave. Nearly half the population had beeu annihi lated. When James H. landed in Ireland the en thusiasm of tlie people had reached the high est bounds. Once more the ownership of the soil was to shift; this time from the Crom wellian settlers to the representatives of the owners who had been swindled. But James got licked before he could fulfil his intentions, which probably saved him the trouble of breaking his royal word, which, after the fashion of his ancestors, it is more than likely he would have done. He lived to fight another day, and left the Irish to their fate. When William III. ascended the throne the aspect of affairs became different. Formerly the lords and their followers had one common' cause to sustain on the one side against British undertakers and adventurers on the other. Now the titles to estates became finally vested in particular persons, and the tenant found that he had two enemies to face for the future —the State and the landlord. The latter degenerated into a local tyrant, and the former loaded him, in consequenoe of his religion, with a multitude of incapacities. The State said that he should not purchase or invest money in mortgages on land; that he was in capable of holding a valuable lease ; and that his holding should, on intestacy, devolve on his next of kin; so that the strengi h of Catholic families might be thereby weakened. Thus hampered as an agriculturist he might fly to trade; but the State placed very narrow limits on the possible extent of his prosperity as a trader by closing against him the colonial markets, and indirectly extinguishing any in dustry that had prospered too much. Thrown back again on the soil for subsistence, the bane of evil legislation followed him still. The landlord evicted him to throw his property into pasture, for tithes were not payable out of pasture land. The famine of 1740-41, when 400,000 perished by want and disease, was the direct result of this. It seemed as if a general clearance of the whole population was again to be attempted. The poor wretches who were allowed to remain were so bled by exorbinant rents that in the words of one writer they had " hardly the skin of a potato left them to subsist on," while the Go vernment supplemented the avarice of the landlords by providing by Act of Parliament that if the profits of a tenant ever exceeded a third of his rent the first Protestant who could prove the fact might take possession of his farm. Every writer from the dav s of Swift to Arthur Young bears witness to the fact that the Irish were treated worse than the negroes. Let us look at the circumstances of the people during the 19th century. Its history for the last thirty years might be described as a record of abortive commissions and dis turbances originating in the suspension of public liberty by laws which, in the words of Lord Cornwallis, " would drive four-fifths of the community into irreconcilable rebellion." The Tithe War in William IV.'s reign was the necessary outcome of the imposition of such a tax, and the method of exacting its payment. Forty-five came, and with it the Devon commission ; but it proved useless to expose the wounds of a nation, when the Go vernment refused to administer a cure. 1870 saw the the passing of au Act which was simply a hotch-pot of technicalities, and which afforded to the victim of a disastrous eviction a sum of money scarcely sufficient to land him in New York, where penniless and exhausted he could get no further, but merged amongst the drudges of its population. We have now a Land Act which bids fair to be productive of much future good, but has led to the very opposite result in the present. The failure in the potato crop in 1877-78-79, estimated at about ten millions sterling in value, left many of the poorer class of tenants hopelessly in i arrear. The possibility of recovering tiiein : selves so as to redeem withiu the redemption period depended upon time, and this the ; House of Lords refused to grant them. When the Act of 1881 came into force, therefore, eviction had shut out from the benefit of its provisions most of the class to improve whose conlition it was passed. Now it may be asked wherein lies the use fulness of such a retrospect of our histoiy. The answer is in the lesson it teaches. The character of a nation, like that of an indivi dual, is invariably shaped by ifa environment, . and the play of certain influences in the past must issue in the development of certain tendencies in the present. Nature would have erred from the uniformity of her rule if she had produced a quiet submissive people in the case of the Irish. Kapparees, Houghera, Whiieboys, Ribbonruen, &c.;, would* mark certain stages in the evolution of any other race which was subjected to the same social and political forces. If a modern Galatea after having been told the story of Ireland were asked by her Pygmalion what the people of that country were likely to be doing at present, she would probably reply that they were engaged in a remorseless war against the old causes of their misery. She would tell him that commerce being extinguished they clung to the la'id with a despairing tenacity ; that ideas of tribal ownership still lingering amongst them, they regarded eviction in a different light from the English ; that legiti mate agitation being made criminal, secret societies were alive, and that outrage sought to deter when the law refused to restrain. ' It would be well for the observers of pass ing events in Ireland to remember that the removal of the cause does not always secure the immediate disappearance of the effects. Our planet-still moves along the resultant of two forces of which one acquired its momen tum from what operates no more. Even so with Ireland. The sources of her wretched ness are being fast dried up, but the feelings evolved by centuries of oppression run far into the heart of a better age. " I am one Whom the vile blows and buffets of the world Have so incensed, that I am reckless what I do to spite the world," is a feeling which more than the assassins of Banquo have sometimes experienced. But let us hope that the lucky revolution in their fate which, Dryden tells us, heaven has soon or late allotted to all, has at length arrived for Ireland, and that the liberal work now begun is but " The baby figure of the giant mass, Of things to come at large." Let us hope that no future Spencer will be able to say that " it is the fatal destiny of that land that no purposes whatever which are meant for her good will prosper or take effect," but that, accepting for the moment the character which calumny gave their race, the Irish of the future can say to the world " We were reckless, ignorant, improvident, drunken, and idle. We were idle, for we had nothing to do ; we were reckless, for we had no hope ; we were ignorant, for learning was denied to us; we were improvident, for we bad no future ; we were drunken, for we sought to forget our misery. That time has passed away for ever." I am, Sir, &c.;, SPES. Eapunda, August 15, 1882. 