OUR HOBART LETTER. (From our'owis Corresponidcat.) . Saturday. If the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals desire to retain that 1 public sympathy which attended its initiation and first efforts to deal with the abuse which called it into existence, it is very necessary that it should take some steps to guard against a recurrence of the failures which, through over- zel and want of legal knowledge necessary to I insure obtaining a conviction in culpable I cases, have attended several of its recent I efforts. No society, however popular, I could retain its influence if subjected to ( many such rebukes as was justly adminis tered by Mr Tarloton at the Police Court on Thursday last, in two cases brought i against a man named Hogan for owning c horses that were driven while unfit for work by reason of sore shoulders. Either I the man was clearly not guilty of cruelty I at all, or the Society had failed to put its case in such a way as to prove it, and in the absence of any proof common justice I to man demands that Hogan should be I considered, perfeptly innocnut,. and. .Mr. Tarloton" expressed the opinion that the Society, in endeavouring to prevent cruelty to animals, should take care not to go to the length of persecuting men. I The nature of the case before him de- 1 manded some such rebuke from the Police I Magistrate, which comes with the i greater force as Mr Tarleton in the i past has always shown every die- I position, consistent with his character of magistrate, to aid the efforts of i the Society. There was one point in the i case which it is worth while to point out, if it is only to aggoast a remedy in future. The alleged cruelty of driving the horse with a sore shoulder took place on the 4th 4 of February, and was inquired into on the 23rd, nearly three weeks afterwards, thus 4 allowing time for the horse to be put in c good order again if ever he was sore, and tobe brought up to the court door fit for work. Where this delay occurs, it is hard to say, hut in any case the Society should prevent it. Then again, Mr Duggan i makes a very efficient inspector and lhas I earned a very estimable character during a long connection with the police of 1 Hobart, but it is not to be expected that he should be able to conduct his cases through the court as well as a better edu cated man could; in fact it wants a man with a certain amount of legal training, or an intelligent man with legal advice at his command. An unpretentious, small butcomfortably fitted house, facing the Constitution Dock, has been occupied for two or three months as a Sailors' Home, and it seems from the energy of the management and the success which has attended their efforts, that this most desirable institution is at lastper. manontly established amongst us, and is likely to prosper and grow into larger proportions. Several attempts have pre viously been made to establish one hereo, and have been aided by such well-known philanthropists as the late Mr P. Smith and AMr Mather, but have somehow failed. Atlast,howover,ithassucceeded, and as in this instance the co-operation of the Ladies' Christian Association has boon obtained, the conclusion to be drawn is that the assistance of the ladies in such movements is indispensable. Last week the managers received an offer from Sergeant Major Kennedy, of H.M.S. Miranda, to arrange an entertainment in aid of the funds of the Home, which offer was accepted, and resulted in a concert, which was a great financial success as well as an admirable entertainment. The band of H.M.S. Nelson furnished four items, Sargeant Major Kennedy himself sang a number of character songs which were received with great applause and laughter, and several of the sailors con tributed comic and sea songs. Mr F. A. Packer rendered very valuable assistance by playing a recital on the organ, for which he received a round of appreciative applause. He responded by rendering the much-loved "Auld Robin Gray" softly, and with much taste and feoling on the organ, being listeoned to with a silence which was "surprising, considering the packed nature of the hall and the miscellaneous audience. At the conolu sion of the entertainment those who had taken part and the friends of the Sailors' Home sat down to supper together, and a few speeches wore delivered. Mr Charles Dendoll in his address thankodMr Daley, the band master, and Sergeant Major Kennedy for the valuable services they had rendered, and gave a short ac count of the history of the Sailors' Home. In returning thanks for the com pliment. MrDaloyalluded to chotempe rance entertainment, the sailors proposed giving next week, and recommended the committee to take it up. The Secretary said the best thing for the committee to do would be to assist the sailors by at tending with their friends, whereupon Sergeant-Major Kennedy explained that the entertainment would be free, and that its object was to show the people of Hobart how much the sailors appreciated the kindness shown to them by the gene ral community. Itis almost a mistake to. make it a free entertainment, as the hall would fill just as well if a charge was made, and the money devoted to some purpose, while the people of Hobart would be equally pleased with the com pliment paid them by Her Majesty's sailors. Hobart was very nearly being left in darkness on Friday by an accident which happened to the gasometer. Some blast ing operations have been carried on lately at the rear of the gasworks, and on Friday morning an explosion took place, which it was afterwards discovered had hurled a piece of stone through the top of the gasometer. The accident was discovered by the smell of the escaped gas, and the hole patched up; but it is a wonder that the whole of the gas had not escaped. It is supposed that the stone remained in the plate for some time, and provented the large escape which would have taken place if the aperture had been entirely open. As it was.the only incon venience was a stoppage of the street lights at a rather earlier hour than usual. The fifth and last of Wilhelmj's con certs took place last night when the Town Hall was again full with a very appre ciative and rather select audience. Miss Marie Conron had a 'slight cold which affected her voice cohsiderably, bu6t Mr Max Vogrich played with his usual artistic skill, and the masterly playing of Wilhelmj was listened to with more appreciation than ever. The ,more he plays the more is he appreciated, and educated taste in high-class music simply means hearing it frequently, for itis noticed how thoroughly popular some of the most classic music becomes when the people have heard it two or three times andbecomo acquainted withit. I have heard one of the Mendelssohn Quintet Olub's best airs whistled by the boys in the streets. A diminutive being named Alexander Watson was observed in the Police Court on Friday, where he sat for two hours on a chair, sometimes listening to the pro coedings, but more often watching his own chubby feeoot which were devoid of hoot - Now and again he would trace the pattern of the matting with his toe and watch the operation with his head on one side like a connoiseur looking at one of the old masters. This was occasionally varied by knocking a chance fly off his nose with his hat. Only once did the course of justice thoroughly arrest his attention, and this was when a boy not much older than himself was in the dock. His eyo then wandered to and fro Sas he looked at thie culprit, the magis trato, or the superintendent. At the conclusion of businemss he was brought up in front of Mr Tarleton, and Detective SKemp represented that he was entirely uncared for, and made an application to Shave him put in the Boys' Home, stating Sthat his mother was perving a sentence in Sgaol, and his father, who.was a waiter in Sone of the hotels, would not support him. Mr Tarletdn refosed to make an order while the boy's father was living and earning good wages, and instructed the police to take action against him. Alex ander, who is about six years old, was then marched back to the Boys' Home until his unnatural father makes some provision for him. Last night Mr Dewhurst appeared as "Hamlet," and the finished represen tation he gave of the philosophic prince, whoseo terrible story sweeps along with tragic obduracy dragging all around him to a fatal end, was deserving of a better house than it obtained. Mr Dowhurat's representation is very finished, and im plies a long study of the past, besides a great deal of dramatic genius. Vioed generally the representation he gives of the character, .which is susceptible of more shades of difference than any other dramatie creation, is more like Herr Bandman's than the others we have soon hero, and while he delivered the long soliloquies with more effect than Band man, he did not reach that artist's masterly management of the dialogue. Mr Dowhurst very carefully abstains from tearing the well-known passages tq.te tters Rs is frequently done by even the best actors, depending more for effect in careful and natural delivery of the grand lines. Still he was not lanckig in force, and showed every evidence of one whose being was disturbed to the very utmost recesses by the knowledge of an awful crime which he was called upon to avenge. This was well portrayed in the scenes with Ophelia and his mother when the painful struggle between natural affection and the knowledge of the dread duty he was called upon to perform, was visible in facial expression, and audible in the delicate shades of emphasis. The scene in the Queen's chamber was very, effectively played indeed, all art being entirely concealed by the realistic acting. Of course In the representation of such a character there are many little points of emphasis and expression about which one may differ from Mr Dowhurst's ideas, but as a whole the character was admirably conceived, and acted with force and groat ability. The actor was thrown out a great deal in parts by the inferior representa tions of the minor characters in the play, but with Shakespeare's plays at the rate of six a week it is hardly fair to complain of the acting of men who get a different part to study every day. Mr Fenton Gritfiths did not please as the King, his delivery spoiling the lines, and Miss Carry George as Quoeen Gor trude was lacking in parts, though her acting in the Queen's chamber was very fair, and helped not a little to bring about the success of the scone. Miss Grace Hathaway made a far better Opholia than was expected, the mad scene being a very effective and affecting piece of act. ing. Mr Patterson's Polonius was above the average representations of that rather difficult character, Polonius is a " tedious old fool," in the sense which that phrase is most frequently used ; he is not a "Joey" of the pantomime, as he is frequently made. Mr Patterson was quite aware of this, and consequently gave a very successful representation, though it would have been better had the lines fallen from his lips less falteringly, and the text been better known. Mr Reynolds does not make a good ghost, though he delivered the lines correctly and with due emphasis. Laertes, played by Mr Douglas, had all the attention of a very good actor given it, yet the effect was not so good as might have been ox pected. 