ALBURY INDEPENDENT CH URCH. SERMON ON THE DEATH OF THE LATE MR. A. E. HEATH. A special sermon relating to the lamented death of the late Mr. A. E. Heath, of Albury, was preached on Sunday evening by the Rev. J. Masters, at the Independent Church, in connexion with which Mr. Heath had long been a prominent and active member and officebearer. The church was crowded. The rev. gentleman took his text from Eccles., ch. vii., v. 2—" It is better to go to the house of mourning than to go to the house of feasting, for that is the end of all men, and the living will lay it to bis heart." Alter describing the house of mourning where sorrow was npt mitigated by the alleviations of Christian hope and resignation, the preacher described the house of mourning where might be seen the reality and power of Christian consolation. Happily (said the preacher), most happily, those consolations are not wanting to those whose unspeakable sorrow now calls for out profoundest sympathy. They did not need to go to the house of mourning to learn that they must die, but it was well for them to go there that they might, lay it to heart. Many, alas) knew that tliey must die who yet lived as though they knew it not—no preparation, no thought of God, no regard to His will, the very thought of death dismissed as an unwelcome intruder. The rev. gentleman dwelt upon BO me circumstances connected with the solemn event which might well lead all his hearers to lay to heart the weighty lesson : that Mr. Heath was so widely known ; that he was so intimately associated with many of us ; that be was so lately amongst us ; that he was eo suddenly taken out of our very midst, "The touch of his hand still seems to be on all around us ; the sound of his voice witbiu these walls has hardly died out of our bearing, and yet we must face the stem fact that he is gone, aud that the place that once knew him shall kuowliim no more." Mr. Masters theu dwelt oil the lessons to be learned from his life ami character : his godly parents, and the far-reaching effects of parental influence and Lraiuing ; his youthful diameter as developed under such influences ; his early activity in connection with Sabbath schools ; his discipline of sorrow and its salutary influence; aud his character as exhibited for many years in this community. As a son he was described by those who best kuew him as singularly dutiful, considerate, loving ; as a brother, most kind, forbearing, self- sacrificing ! as a husband and father, they all knew hiui as most affectionate, wise, aud good ; as a friend, always ready with counsel and sympathy ; as a citizen, ever prepared to help in any good work ; as a man of business, candid, straightforward, and of inflexible integrity. The preacher said that his hearers would all bear witness that Mr. Heath had left behind him in this community that "good name" which, "better than precious ointment," diffuses its grateful and salutary influence far aud wide, and long lingers to be an encouragement and stimulus to the living. " I am not describing," eaid he, " a perfect man. The Word of God declares that there is not a just man upon the earth that doeth good and sinneth not. It I fondly dwell on these estimable qualities which won the confidence, esteem, aud admiration of all who knew him, it is not to magnify the virtuesofthe dead, but that we, the living, may learn to imitate what we admired, and to seek and cherish that grace which cau enable any and all of us to bring forth good fruit unto God. The Christian man, trustiug for his acceptance with God to a crucified and risen Redeemer, even whilst trying to his utmost to do the Saviour's will, would be the first to deplore his imperfections, and the first to confess them. When the Apostle speaks of the great verities with which the Word ot God brings us face to face, he says that' we are come (amongst other things) unto the spirits of just men. made perfect* Yes, dear friends, made perfect—not perfect in themselves ; made periect by the forgiveness of sins, by the washing of regeneration, by the renewing power of the Holy Ghost, and by removal from a world that is full of imperfection, temptation and peril, to the perfect blessedness of heaven, where " there shall be no more death, neither sorrow nor crying, neither shall there be any more pain, for the former things are passed away, aud God shall wipe away all tears from their eyes." Mr. Masters made a brief but toucbiug reference to the circumstances of the last illness, and observed how, though the mind was wanderiug and the train of thought broken, yet his spontaneous prayers for his children and thauksgiving to his heavenly Fathei for past mercies, were unconscious but most pleasing indications of inner religious conviction nnd trust. In conclusion, the preacher earnestly exhorted his hearers not to leave their preparation for eternity to such an hour as that, and urged them not to rest till they had made their peace with God, and could say from their inmost heart— " Just ns I am, without one plcn, But tlmt Tliy blood was shed forme, A.odlli&t; Tliou bid'st roc come to Thee— 0\. Lamb of God. I come." 