"THE PARLIAMENTARY VISIT TO THE NORTHERN TERRITORY. [From our Special Reporter.] The Government Gardens — A Trans formed Wilderness—The Labour and its Results—Chinese versus Europeans —The Sugarcane—Defiance to White Ants — Their Destroyer — Valuable •Suggestions from a Practical Scien tific Gardener—Fortunes for Future Planters—A great Rice, Indigo, and Tobacco Growing Country—The Resi dent's Little Johe. Whatever else the reader may have skipped, I would ask him not to fail to make the acquaintance, through this medium, of the Director of the Palmerston Gardens (Mr. Holtze), and to post himself up in the miracle which that gentleman and the soil he culti- -vates have jointly wrought. The garden is -about four miles from Palmerston, verging an Fannie Bay. and it was established by the Government for "the express purpose of raising plants of commercial value and dis tributing them over the country." The institution was originally started upon the recommendation of Dr. Schomburgk. Director of the Adelaide Gardens, and of all the worthy botanist's excellent suggestions none has proved more practically valuable than thiB. There was another garden once nearer Palmerston. The old enclosure is nsed as the police paddock now. Eight acres of it were cleared, and it subserved principally the highly important purpose of growing vegetables for the officials. Mr. Holtze suc ceeded its former Director about four and a half years ago, and audaciously hinted that to cultivate cabbage hearts was not the greatest ambition of the true gardener, or the most important operation for the coun try. •So he cut down the supplies and put m various tropical tnees and other plants, and then suggested that a fairer trial would be , given to the average of the Northern Terri-1 tory soil if a different plantation were obtained. He was allowed to get another, and he selected the present garden — then thick jungle mostly, in the position indicated. He has been blamed for doing so; the land is in different, the blame-givers say. And he says so too, but significantly he pleads that his .selection is the best for experiments, and that he is now able to say to intending planters: —"You see, gentlemen, I have grown canes so many feet high on this indifferent ground ; •on good land you ought to have 25 per cent, .more of measurable success." And he is re peatedly urged that there should be another •Government garden up-country — at Yam ■Creek, for instance—where there is good soil. What one failed in might be the other's strong •ground of success. The area of the garden is thirty two acres, and it was chosen at a time when crowds of Chinamen came in from the gold-iields, half-starving, to demand rations from the Government. They were engaged (as in a relief woik) at Is. a day to clear the selection, and they did —did it " most horribly," Mr. Holtze assured me. By the 1st of November, 1879, it was fenced ready for planting, and then trenched twenty inches deep. The plants from ths old garden had to be conveyed to the new; and as a most rigid economy was enforced, Mr. Holtze, in the early morning and late night, before and after superintending the operations of the •day, carted them himself, and got nothing anore tangible than thanks for doing so. And ! now the reader knows the history of the place, and it is important that he should, to Appreciate the sequel, as I describe it as I saw it two years and four months after its esta blishment. I ask him to bear particularly in imind the fact that only so short a time ago ■the land was thickly covered with jungle, •and that the soil is merely second-rate. To reach the gardens you branch off from the telegraph line on the road to Southport, and continue to side for a mile through high grass and patches of thick jungle. The position of the place is picturesque in itself, and it com mands a grand view of sea and seabeach, backed by distant, hazy, slightly rising land. The residence of the Director is built upon what are known as the " Northern Territory Government architectural lines," and the artistic effect is not wholly bad, whilst the comfort of the person residing in the erection is fairly promoted. There are huts for the •Chinese gardeners, and there is a place in which a little of the produce can be stowed, but a seed-house and a few other structures are badly wanted. Mr. Holtze's Balary is only £250per annum, with quarters, and the amount voted for the gardens last year was, besides, but £500. This year it was £4,100. Seventeen Chinamen are employed. Two •of them get 25s. a week each ; two more, 20s.; and the rest only 15s., without rations in •each case. Mr. Holtze gives them an excel lent character. He prefers them to Euro peans for garden-work; and he has had both working, and ought to be capable of forming judgment. He remembers, of course, that men slaving nine hours a day, wet or shine, for 15s. a week cannot be expected to be over energetic, unless they are pretty thoroughly overseered. Granted that reservation, he nays that, whilst thev certainly are " slow," they work well and get through more than .any Europeans he has had ever got through whilst they were with him. I got this information from Mr. Holtze ere we had gone into the gardens. AVhen we had done that I had an oppor tunity of seeing the men at work, and they put in a great many strokes to the minute -whilst we were looking on. When their master's back is towards them, however, they are not, I have suice found, too eager to injure themselves by over-exertion, and you really cannot exiieut tliem to be with such pay, when they know Europeans would get £6 at least. The examination of the gardens was the greatest surprise I have had in the Territory. A wilderness a little more than two years ago is now an umbrageous paradise. Accli matized trees shoot aloft and tower above the native ones outside full twenty times their Age; they bear most luscious fruit, in .quantity unstinted. Creepers indigenous to •a foreign soil planted here have ruu at once ■over the place and now grow everywhere in wild profusion; and many herbs well known and grown down South after a year of cultivation here attain an im mense size and spread weed-like through the adjacent land. Each area of the garden is ■only auother greater wonder than the last, and if I but cared to wax rhapsodical I certainly could not be justly charged with "wanting warrant for it. But I do not choose to go into rhapsody, •and so I will condescend to the practical, with some little detail as to the most promi nent experiments and their results. First, as to sugareanes, of which there are eight varieties, spreading over sixteen acres, in the gardens. Mr. Holtze affirms that it is bad this year, because he would not cut the last year s crop till the end of December, having orders to have some sent to Delissa ville for crushing — the crushing which S roved, through certain blunders, so isastrous. Through this the canes lost six •weeks' growth, and Mr. Holtze feels very much annoyed at the result. Yet everybody outside agrees that the canes are grand successes, though they are a trifle less satisfactory in appearance than were those of last year. When I visited the garden some of them had made six or seven feet of " cane," and that is almost twice as much as any else I have seen here have done. Of course it should be remembered that these grew from the rattoons. Speaking of the growth of sugarcane in the Territory. Mr. Holtze says—and it will be of interest to give the result of his experiments—that it should be in by the commencement of October. De Lissa and others planted in December, and he predicts that their crops will not be one-half so good as they might have been. In sugar-cultivation generally he thinks it would be better for the firBt year or two to plant only cane-heads, and take the old roots up, andaiso to observe some rotation of crops, alternating the cane with something else. An idea of the impor tant work the Gardens have done for the pro motion of the sugar-growing industry of the country may be gained from^he fact that 140 tons of cane nave gone this season alone from them to the various private plantations and a little to Chinese gardeners. The latter further took, including a few to Europeans, 8,000 banana plants and 13,000 pineapple trees. This year the numbers already are respectively 2,000 and 5t000. All tbeseare given away. The cane is even cut at the expense of the Government, and thus the Garden gives no return whatever except a very untangible one in the shape of fruits for Government officers and fodder for their horses. Mr. Holtze suggests, and I believe the planters do not object to the sug gestion—that a small charge should be levied for the care at least—say a couple of pounds a ton. Then the persons getting it would enjoy a great advantage, which they would not nave had they to snip the plants from Queensland, and in the latter case they would not get them in nearly so fresh a state. Besides the planters many diggers and settlers up country are getting seeds from the Gardens. Mr. Holtze gives the carters those of the foreign grasses he has proved to be best adapted to the soil, and gets them to scatter them all over the country in the neighbourhood of their camps. The pine apples and bananas thrive even better than i the sugar cane. I tasted all three—I have a tasted so many tropical fruits and vegetables this trip that I believe I could name them each by flavour ten years hence—and I found them all that could be desired. The sugar cane particularly, with its soft, sweet, soppy juice, keenly appeals to one's susceptibilities. It reminds him of the days when he, like the pulpy cane, was in his infancy. Going through the sugar acreage one naturally wants to know where the white ants have been that the crop should he so healthy. I closely examined each plot, and only in a few cases were there any sigus of the ants. Mr. Holtze has a wholesale contempt for them; and when you ask him whether he thinks the little pests will be a con siderable factor in the planters' losses you see an indignant man. He opposes to the ants arsenic and potash, and th j common so- called remedy of carbolic acid he impeaches with Teutonic warmth as " non sense." " It is all very well for the first time, so long as the smell is there," he says, " but when it leaves the ants are coolly walking over the powder and taking it to whitewash their cells with. Nowldiluteiny arsenic and potash in hot water, and take sugar and flour and make a paste. Whenever I see white ants I make a hole and All it with a spoonful of the mixture. I never have the least trouble with them. Arsenic," he points out, " is a never ending poison. The father ant takes it and dies. His sons affectionately eat him and they die; their mother and sisters devour them, and all give up the ghost; and so destruction goes on for ever." If his be the true solution of the ant difficulty, it certainly is a very inexpensive one. Four years ago in the old gardens he bought a half cwt. of arsenic ; half of that he has still. With what is gone he has conquered the auts. Maize is the next principal crop in the garden, and it is looking as well as it can look anywhere, notwithstanding that it is the third crop in a year. Rice simply flourishes, strengthening the evidence I have had throughout that the Northern Terri tory will be a great rice-growing country. Only the hill kinds are tried in the gardens, because the ground is too high for the swamp varieties. Cinchona has not been successful. The seeds did not even come up, and Mr. Holtze maintains that the climate is too hot for it:—"It is all very well to say that it thrives in Ceylon, but there are high mountains there. We haven't got those mountains." On Messrs. Poiett and Mackinnon's plantation at Rum Jungle, how ever, the seeds have germinated, and the little plants look healthy enough. But then the climate is different and the soil is better. Dr. Schomburgk wrote years ago that cinchona should be successful there. Coffee does not do well in the gardens. The prime cause is said to be the fact of its being planted so near the sea. The Arabica is not unhealthy-looking above ground, but it has no root. The Liberiau looks sturdy, and Mr. Holtze is .>onfident that it will succeed on the plantations. It needs great care and attention, however. Tea and several spices have failed. They have been tried fairly, and though they make plenty of leaves they have no root. Cocoa is moderately suc cessful. Tobacco has not been as satisfactory as it was believed it would be. The plants I saw were very young, and I could not judge of them, but my conductor said that he has grow n leaves 27 inches lung by 18 inches wide, and that, I should think, is satisfactory enough. But he fears otherwise—says the soil is not fit for tobacco. He suggests, how ever, that in the more favoured parts of the country 100 acres in a crop of tobacco alter natingwith rice every year would pay welL One of the best things in the gardens is the arrowroot, which actually overruns the place, growing in grand perfection weedlike. Mr. Holtze ground some of the roots with a nutmeg-grater, and carried a few pounds of the powder he got in this way to the store keepers for an opinion as to its quality, without letting tnem know whence he got it. They told him it was superior to any they lntd in stock. He took the roots from a fair average area of the crop, so ;that he might make a calculation as to the probable yield if all were ground. He is satisfied, as a result of that calculation, that even the indifferently good soil in the gardens will yield at least t25 cwt. of the finest arrowroot per acre. Though cotton grows well" there is'a ques tion in my guide's mind as to whether it will pay while labour is so dear. He submits, however, a proposition which he conceives to be perfectly reasonable: that though he would hot advise any one under present con ditions to start cotton-growing, yet if the Government want a cotton plantation, and will give him the use of 10,000 acres of land, he will try for five years to establish one. If he be successful then he will pay 7s. 6d. an acre: if not he will yield possesion again to the Government. There are two sides to that proposal, however. Among the grand successes in the garden is the cultivation of indigo, information con cerning which Major Fergusson received special instructions to obtain whilst he was visiting India. The plant has run from the gardens into the surrounding scrub and jungle, and you see the bright blue flower and the pretty dappered leaves on all hands. It overruns the gardens too, and indeed it seems as though it never enjoyed its moBt congenial climatic influences till it got them here. In India its average height, if one may believe the books, is not much more than two feet, here it is over five feet. "There'll be many fortunes made in the Northern. Terri tory in indigo," said my conductor, and I quite believe him. Those who have travelled lately through India say that the necessities of its immense and ever-increasing population in the shape of food supply are always becoming greater and more pressing, and as a consequence the cul tivators of indigo have to make food produc tion their prime business. So the acreage under the dye-plant is gradually' decreasing, though, as a matter of course, the demand is in an inverse ratio. Hence, and for other reasons, it is safe to back the prediction given above. I should have mentioned, when I wrote of tobacco, that Mr. Holtze gave me some cigars which he had made roughly—for he confesses to not understanding the work — from leaves grown in the gardens. Although new, they smoked as well as the best Manilla, and they were milder, or at least they seemed to be—smoked as a varia tion of the exercises of sugarcane and maize and peanut and chili chewing—for I had scrupulously to sample everything that grew, and I felt like an Indian salad dish. And, by-the-way, there appertains to these cigars a little joke. The Government Resident had a box oi them, and he valiantly championed their virtues whilst, as usual, men who ought to be the first to support "local industries" decried them. They were colonial; that was enough to damn them. He determined to give them a fair test. Shortly afterwards he gave a whist party, and placed these cigars before the company without remark. Un asked-for came exclamations of surprise at and comments upon their excellence. And then the murder was out! I can understand the commendations, for I have paid sixpence for a much worse cigar in the southern capitals. The first energetic and competent tobacco-planter and curerin the Northern Ter ritory will doubtless make a fortune rapidly. When I tell the reader that there are nearly a thousand kinds of plants in the gardens he will thank me not to detail all the experiments. And so I pass over a great many, which meant months of careful watch ing and study in their consummation, and most of which were successful, notwithstand ing that there is not the slightest forcing to gam success. Not so much as a shovelful of manure has been used in the whole Garden, and not a single plant has been watered except by dew or rain; for the Director con tends that if a thing will not grow without watering, then it is no good for the Northern Territory; and to the end that the condi tions necessary to general success may be tabulated as far as possible, Mr. Holtze studiously takes every day thermometrical readings, and by a gauge registers the rain fall. This latter operation in a country where the downpours are so very partial is of great importance. It is more satisfactory still to know that the gauges were more plentifully distributed, for it would give the planters precise information. The new ones can, having registered the rainfall whilst they were clearing, come to the gardener and say, "My register is so-and-so? temperature so many degrees. Here's a sample of my soil. Shall it be sugar-cane or cotton, indigo or maize?" Easy as most theories, you observe. But, continuing my summary, I may add that, much to my astonishment, I was intro duced to the grand old Scotch kale, healthy and hale as its kin in the old country; to its wami friends pepper and cloves, and capsi cums and cinnamon, all either flourishing or looking like to flourish; to healthy lycnee nuts, mangoes, and bread-fruit, guava, jack fruit, yams, melons, beans, and sweet potatoes. Peanuts particularly thrive. Last year one-fifteenth of an acre gave 4 ewt. Eight hundred pounds to the acre is considered a good crop in California. The Manilla almond looks better here than on its native heath, and English apples, grapes, and peaches, grow, but the first and last, I thought, seemed pining. Some Spanish and navel orange-trees were in fair health, but the ironstone-sprinkled ground is not the fittest for their tribe to live on. The man darin oranges, however, as I proved by sight and taste, had not depreciated one whit by transplantation, nor had the limes, lemons, citrons, and pomegranates, nor the many-formed hibiscus, nor Cape goose berries ; chilis, custard apples, carob-beaus, figs, almonds, plantains, earthnuts, sorghum, sesamoil, cassava, castor oil, sweet sob and sour sob, rhea or Chinese grass plant, and others whose names are semi-legion. The cocoannt was tried, but not successfully. The nuts were planted on the beach, and one can hardly affirm that the experiment was a fair one. To Baron von Mueller the Director ex pressed his obligations generally, and parti cularly for recommending 'rial of the mdia rubber tree. Four months before I visited the gardens its seeds were sown, and I was introduced to a flourishing tree eight feet iu height. The expressed and congealed juice of this indiarubber plant will unquestionably be one of the important minor articles of export from the Territory. So will palm oil from its tree, which grows luxuriantly. I A big shade-bamboo nursery in the centre of the gardens is filled with many rare and choice young plants. Here, as with respect to some at least in the open, scores of acclimatized and native grasses grow. The best to succeed is the common Phillips's. The English lawn grass grows well under shade, but does not seem to stand the heat, and yet I have seen a capital lawn iu Palmerston, where exposed, not artificially watered, its growth is satisfactory enough. The Alizaua Indica thrives in the gardens; but Mr. Holtze's opinion is that the native grasses are just as good as the imported are in their own home, and better than they will be here. He has been experimenting with the tall rank kinds I have described in my notes on the down-country travel,and he dis covered that by cutting them down frequently he got at last a thick, soft, fast-spreading, somewhat dwarfed buffalo grass, wnich sur passed the best couch for lawn and feeding purposes. English lucerne grows well, and the reana, a luxuriant fodder-plant about fifteen feet high, springs up with surprising rapidity. Jute has failed this season, owing to the un usually dry weather. The plants got sickly, and were attacked by a maggot like a gentle. The so-called broom-com, from which Ameri can brooms are made, grows splendidly. I saw a thick plot, averaging fifteen feet in height. All the Chinese oil-plant3 grow well. The " teal" has spread—self-sown after the first year—all over the garden. Its juice is a capital lubricating oil; .1,200,000 acres are planted with "teial" every year in India. The six odd figures would give us a grand export for the Territory. Many different sorts of millets yield a heavy crop, and a row of mulberries are strong and healthy. The Director is importing some silkworms to live in them, and thus he will nurture two industries in one. Of Chinese bamboo-silk I have with me some good samples which I combed out from various thriving trees eight feet high. There is no doubt as to the success of this plant, and as the fibre is valuable in cloth manufac ture, its cultivation would be an important subsidiary aid to the planter. An African fibre-plant is equally successful, and so is the Indian physic-nut, used medicinally. The papoya-papa-papaw-papia (for it has as many names as a Chinese sharper has tricks) is amongst the most healthy fruit producers. It is a peculiar plant. There are male and female. The male tree only flowers; the others add the fruit. The males are the hardier, and on one plantation I visited there were no females, ana hence there was no fruit The males have to be inoculated by bees, it is said, and where the bees neglect their duty the tree is of no account except for ornament. The fruit itself is to some tastes delicious, though others don't like it It is a cross between rockmellon, a banana, and a pineapple. Ana now, having served my purpose, I think I may finally close my notes on this important subject. I cannot do better than confirm from my own observation during several visits what the gardener says—that " everything imported that grows in this country thrives.' At first plants which are most notably successful now pined. The proper season for planting them was not found till experiments had been made. When it was discovered there was no further trouble, and it is only a reasonable surmise that the same thing will repeat itself till, when the purely experimental work shall have been completed, we shall have thousands of vigorous acclimatized plants where now there are only hundreds. That the trial may be perfect Mr. Holtze is getting from all quarters every variety of each plant, and of course he gives exchanges. The garden, be it understood, is not a place for floral beauties or the kickshaws of cultivation. Its strong point is its strictly commercial character, and in that point it is simply Herculean. But I will not further annihilate space, even on so important a subject, except to mention incidentally that the paths of the gardeD, formed only of the natural ironstony earth, well drained, are better than those in the Adelaide Botanic Reserves, that a jungle fowl's nest flattened on the top makes a grand elevation for a summer-house in the centre, that Mr. Holtze is indefatigable in his work, and that one of the reasons why the gaol is to be placed bo near the gardens is that the labour may be employed in them. Whether it will be safe to allow prisoners to work where they will be hidden by thickets of sugarcane and foliage is a question which experience alone can give the answer to. The Adelaide River—The Last of the Parliamentary Ship — Blackfellows and their Songs — Easy Navigation of. the River — Its Windings — An Alligator Tale — The Omnipresent, Omnivorous Mosquito — A Paradise for a Naturalist—Conclusion. _ On March 22 (the day on which the Par liamentary party began their homeward journey) 1 started at early morn for the Ade laide River—a point to which a good deal of attention is now directed—in the steam launch Maggie, in company with Mr. H. W. H. Stevens, the Manager for Messrs. C. B. Fisher & Lyons, who have an im mense pastoral area in the Territory. The invitation was courteously given by Mr. Stevens, and it extended also to Mr. Cuth bertson, of the Land Office, and other gentle men. The trip along the harbour out uast the varied points of interest was one of the most* enjoyable things I have experienced here. The coast has nothing of the ruggedly romantic about it. It is low-lying and flat, though adorned with vegetation, besides the ever- present mangroves. By noon we had anchored (to wait the turn of the tide, which rushed between the. islands at a terrific rate) in the South Vernon Passage. The South Vernon at ebb-tide looks as interesting as an unbroken vista of blank wall. At high tide the greater part of it which the mangroves do not affect is covered with twenty-five feet of water—now it was nothing but a big barren table of coral strewn over with loose rocks of the same, looking at which you found your self debating whether the more difficult problem was how on earth those stones got there, or why on earth the island was made at all. The Menmuir, with the Ministerial party on board, passed us some miles off; later on, and honoured us with a flag salute, which we responded to as best we coild by hoisting a triplet of silk handkerchiefs and a pair of sailor s highly coloured blue breeches. The launch aspires not yet to the dignity of bunting. Long after the vessel left us we could see her standiug out against the hori zon as a beautiful mirage. This is the home of aristocratic mirages—we saw several sub sequently, each as the day advanced more wonderful than its predecessor. We ran the gauntlet of scenic attractions, and even over head were some. The clouds got up a special panorama in a place where cloud effects are ever beautiful; and it seemed as though the combination had inspired the erratic Maggie to a better mood, for she spanked along, breeze-helped and tide-as sisted, fully seven knots an hour. But then the perplexingly changeful tide turned— turned upon us so savagely that it was all we could do to maintain our positions fairly and make a little headway. We had four blackfellows aboard—Wil wongas, whose habitat is on the banks of the Adelaide. They are intellectually far in advance of the wretched Larrahkeeyahs, but it is after all as the intelligence of a mule to that of a donkey. Our "Billie," a noted member of the tribe, has a head like Linuffius's, he is thin-lipped as a European, and the contour of his face many a perfumed dandy might envy. The old man with ub — Billies guardian or foster- father — possesses a cranium as elegantly shaped as a baboon's, and not unlike it; that of the old man'B twenty-year son was a compromise between his father's and a sheep's: but the little|boy, ten years old perhaps, had a grand head and a beautiful tenor voice. I drew a bust-picture of one of these, our sable helps, and I shewed it to him. " No savee," was his remark. I asked him what it was, and he said he was adjectived if he knew—a burnt stump, he presumed. I told him that it was his portrait. He studied it awhile, puzzled- looking, I fear, and, handing it back, he enquired, " What fellow make him ?" I asked him wherefore his curiosity, and he remarked, " Cause I tink him too muchee big fellow fool." I am afraid that the black fellow'smind is not as yet educated up to a perception of the beauties of amateur face sketching, though he has a wonderful concep tion of music. The dress of the natives who were with us was various, mostly hand palm size, covering their nakedness as a fig-leaf covers a Venus. But yet they were proud of the little apology for clothing they bad—more as clothing than as covering, may be. They would wash it often, and hang it out to diy, and they were innocent— Adam-like, barring arm-circlets of plaited grass, in the intervals between wetting and drying. They all have wretchedly sore eyes—the eyeball knobby, like the yellow - tinged beaten white of an egg, and the sight itself obscured by heavy excrescences. Their constant sitting in smoke to be out of the way of mosqnitos. may partly account for this. They are very inquisitive and unconsciously humorous. I showed one the workings of a watch, and made him listen to its ticking. It pleased him. Heaskedwhatit was, and I tola him; and I added—for fear he might be tempted to lay nnrighteons hands upon it whilst it lav about—that it was a little " debbil debbiL" And then he innocently queried— " Him you friend ?" We stipulated for a mixed native conro boree and all the tribal songs. We got them, and they were wondronsly well given: tike fierce wail of the Woggite, beginning on one ride of the musical hilljascending to its top, then sliding down at a tremendous rate, ami skidding out over the plain and splashing into the lagoon with the peculiar wnir-r-r-r, which win (IB up all their performances. They say the peculiar death-wail—a repetition mainly of "waw-n- e-ee waw-n-e-e-ee," long drawn out; and itself drawing from the boy a tenor strain as pure though untrained as I have heard in any concert-room. They mimicked, too, the dncks and geese ana the Port Essington blacks—mimicked them in a song sounding like a reminiscence of that relating to the marching proclivities of the cotporeal remnants of Old John Brown. The basso was something to be heard; his voice would, I believe, recall to some of my readers the ominous creaking of a prison door. They accompanied their vocal efforts by the beating of slender pine sticks, and the time they kept was perfect. All the natives I have met of all the tribes have a wonder fully good ear for music, and capital voiceB as a rule. But whilst the matinee was proceeding we had sighted the Escape Cliffs, where in 1864 the Hon. B. T. Finniss established a settle ment for the S.A. Government—a settle ment which soon collapsed. All that is left of it now is an old well, if we except the crumbling foundations of the place. There are hundreds of buffaloes, and off the coast and especially near Port Essington the beche de- mer attracts the Malay proas, and into several heaps well grown with succulent grass, and at its foot there is a very extensive fresh water lagoon—the overflow of the Litchfield Creek, which flows from the west. The water here is always fresh, and the banks for a short distance are overflowed at high tide. Ike tidal change in the river—which is about 200 feet wide—is about nine feet. At the back of the hill porphyritic rocks crop up occa sionally. There are some patches of good soil near the range, and inshore the bamboos grow in great profusion, and with their lace work of ivy-like creepers look exceedingly pretty. Indeed, in the most luxuriant tropical grewth in any part of the world it would be difficult to find a place more really beautiful. _ About six miles below the river supplies a little creek, shouting off from the eastern bank, and continuing for six miles in a south-westerly direction beyond the first hills of any magnitude near the river on that side. The creek has about seven fathoms of water in it half the distance, but it gradually shallows and narrows tUl it becomes unworthy the name. We anchored at the junction and pulled down to the half way mark between very high overhanging bamboos. We landed opposite the point where Mr. D'Arcy Uhr is establishing under Mr. Stevens's direction a sheep ana cattle station for Messrs. Lyons and Fisher, who hold all the land along the bank of the Adelaide, with the exception of about 30,000 acres special survey, as well as 20,000 upon the west. The prospect of good grazing country looks from the creek dull enough, but after you bury your feet in the soft, slippery mud, covering a few feet of the bank, ana after you penetrate the thick growth or bamboos, you come to some really good land, heavily grassed and well watered. There are no cattle on this magnificent run at present. Work has been proceeding less than a month, and in that time a great deal has been done by two Europeans and two Chinamen. They live now in a wretched hut, but are building on the first of the little ranges (called the Clump Hills, because of a peculiar clump of bamboos growing on the top of the otherwise bald head of one of them), a very good framework of a homestead station, which will command an extensive view of all the country round for some few miles. Here, of course, where the land is so flat it is im possible to see so much of it at once as can be seen where there are high points of observa tion. So far as we tested it the good land is patchy. Where these patches occur, however, it is rich almost to rottenness. One of the post-holes on the hill showed 3 ft. 6 in. of perfectly black mould, and the next only about as many inches. Bevond that a soft slate intruded. All the material to be used in the building has been carried on men's shoulders, some of it for miles, and Mr. Uhr has had to cut timber twenty miles down the river, there being none nearer home. These facts give one a good idea of what some of the least of a pioneer squatter's difficulties are. Add to them the risks of driving cattle and sheep hundreds of miles over almost im possible country and one has a better. Going hack to the launch we saw several hundreds of flying foxes hanging by their curious claws head downwards on the trees. Flying they look not much unlike a crow, though they are really greatly different. We shot several, but could only secure for stuffing one large specimen and a very small one; the others hung after they were dead on the top branches, and we could not get at them. They are a most peculiar semi-bird half other animal, with the head of a fox in miniature, and wide-jointed, hooked, black indiarubber • like webbed wings. When skinned the skeleton bears a closer resem blance to the human in miniature. They fly very steadily, and on their perches make a disagreeable clucking noise. But every other live thing in this region must crya very long second to the mosquitos. We went back to the station at night to take some observations as to latitude by shooting stars with sundry scientific instruments. We went for that purpose on the hill where the station is being erected—about a mile from the river, and (one would have thought) free from mosquitos. But the little pests fol lowed us up; and we commenced operations with our heads and hands tied up in handker chiefs, and our eyes dimmed with the smoke from fireB placed at various points in the fallacious hope that they would keep the mosquitos off. The man taking the observa tions first had to attempt his work while four men waved handkerchiefs all round him, and another puffed cigar smoke in his face; but even then themosquitos bit him so severely that he found it impossible, as did his successors, to take the observation, though all ordinary conditions to success were present. The lively little wretches got into the quicksilver even, and by the time we had reached the launch again every exposed part of our bodies was smarting intolerably, from their bites. The natives were sent ashore to the station that night, and next morning they returned very severely bitten. They were almost naked when they got ashore, but they soon laid hands on all the unattached" clothing to be found, and donned i it. I beg the sceptical, reader to accept my statements as quite within the mark when I assure him that at night the air is absolutely thick with moscpiitos that make a most monotonous and buzzing noise. There are'three kinds of the insect. The most im portant is the black, three-quarters of an inch long, with a couple of feelers, forceps-shaped, in front of their' head. Through these they draw the blood, standing on their noses, and swinging their legs to give them the greatest possible mo mentum. Lying under my cheese-cloth mos quito-net in the early morning, I have seen dozens of them bore right; through it, and effect an entrance, and they frequently drew the blood through fairly thick tweea trousers. Then there are the light pink or brown kinds, about half as big as the others, and more pretty. They are most vicious biters, and my hands are now covered with little blisters which they raised. The stinging pain continues for days after it first began. The third sort a is the ordinary small one, and which, though so annoying down south, is scarce accounted here at all. Before I visited the Adelaide I scouted as wholly incredible thrn little anecdote, which was told by a. reliable man, hut I half believe it now. He had lost a white horse some miles away, he says: and looking for it with a friend they passed one a few yards distant—a peculiar dark-coloured steed. " Oh, that can t be ours," they both agreed, and went on. But thinking it strange that a second horse should be at large in these solitudes they turned back, and found that the horse was their own, but that the mos qnitos that swarmed all over him had caused the mistake. When they can, the horses, like the natives, smear themselves with mud: so that they may avoid the mad dening pain which the bites produce. 1 need not say that we did not remain in this delectable place longer than we could help doing. We pushed on up-stream, rounding some of its corkscrew windings. (There is no more irregularly shaped river anywhere. To navigate it you have to sail to all points of the compass.) There was a heavy " fresh" on, and it brought down large floating islands of bamboos, joined together with creepers, and some little driftwood, of which, by the way, there is a remarkable scarcity here. As we advance the bamboos gradually become less thickly grouped, but enough so to suggest the idea that they would form a valuable article of export. There is material for many thousands of bungalows and chairs, and the thousand-and-one other uses to which the bamboo is applied in China. We proceeded on past Beatrice Creek, which is nearly dry at low water, to some what less, I believe, than the eightieth mile, but past the furthest point reached by the surveying schooner Beatrice. The land some little distance below this begins to rise, and well-grassed plain, flooded from creeks, stretch away to the foot of the first of the long series of Daly Ranges. These are on the western side; and on the east the only noticeable elevation is Onetree Hill, which is almost perfectly innocent of _ trees or shrubs, but which has on all its sides some fertile land. We examined it after a weary ing walk of half a mile through grass and mud and water, in places waist deep, and we confirmed the verdict which we had previously arrived at—that almost all the way along the river inundates one or other of its banks during the wet season. We went up a little probably ere long will be interviewed by Queensland fishermen. A local firm sent out a boat this season, but though they caught plenty of fish, mismanagement killed the venture. On the other side is Charles Point, in the vicinity of which grow many sturdy cypress-pines. Lots of them were taken thence for use in the erection of Government offices. The white ants rigidly draw the line at these pines. The waters were alive with minute marine forms. There are sperm whales, too, people say, but wefdid not see any. We noticed, however, several dugongs— a sort of porpoise - cum - walrus — sporting about; and kangaroo-fish leaping, and turtle clumsily turning in all directions ; and in shore tne curious little flat-nosed fish which climb the mangroves over the oysters that cling thereto. We entered the Adelaide River, the mouth of which is fifty miles from Palmerston, on a flood tide which sent us up fully eight knots an hour. The coast-line all round here is close-bordered by two kinds of mangroves, which look like a mottled green wali, with lattice-work about it. At the mouth the stream is about a mile wide, and has two branches, the lesser known as the Saltwater Arm, and the other of course the main river, which runs south. The other is west of south. We did not follow it, but those who have done so — the Government marine surveyors—say that it takes a general south - by - west direction for three miles from the entrance. It then divides into two branches—one trending about six miles to the south-east and the other about the same dis tance to the south-west, when, after carrying two or three fathoms for some distance, they terminate in what at low water Is a mere flat overgrown by mangroves, amidst which alligators and wild fowl are very plentiful. "We followed the main stream, and as we went a little beyond the point in the river which the nautical surveyor (Captain Wickham) reached many years ago, it may be well to rive first his summary as ours, with some little difference:— "I traced the river for eighty miles following the windings of the stream, but in a direct line south about 43 miles, tne river varying from 80 to 250 yards in breadth, with an average of five fathoms of water. It is navigable for vessels of 400 and 500 tons about 45 and 50 miles, where the water is only slightly brackish at high tide. For about fifteen miles above the entrance the banks are fringed with mangroves. . . . At somewhat leBS than 40 miles there are bamboos and some jungle. The water here is always fresh, and the bamboos rise to a height cf 60 or 80 feet. Between 20 and 70 miles from the mouth the soil is a good mould. Further on the aspect of the country changes from that of low plains to a slightly wooded and undulating. Higher up the river at a narrow point divides into two branches, the one running southerly and the other easterly. The former was blocked np by fallen trees, and the other was too narrow for a boat's oar to work in. The main ■ river at the furthest point examined was subject to aboutthreefeetchangeof tidal level, it being there high water six hours later than on the coast at the mouth; but there was no perceptible stream, and the water, which for thirty miles had been muddy, was here clear. Small driftwood was observed in the branches of the trees at eight feet above the water, showing the height to which the water attains at certain seasons, and the pro bability that the lowland is periodically inun dated." That probability we on our trip reduced to a fact. But now more fully for detiil. As we entered the river, where the average depth at low water is 25 feet^ we were borne on the hreast of the incoming tide, which met the ebb of the stream. The two op posing bodies contended for the mastery, and caused rapid circular revolutions of the muddy water—little whirlpools innumerable. Near a break in the hank, whence yon gam a • nice view over mud flats of slightly elevated open country, is the .only point at all dan gerous to the unwary navigator of the river. The place is called tne Narrows, where rocks and sandbanks in the centre and extending towards the eastern bank divert vessels to the western; but there is even then room enough for the largest ships to pass. Then the river widens out into grand reaches and averages about 150 yards in width. There iB just a little patch of ground a couple ox feet above high tides. The water has exposed the strata, which are those of a deep, rich, brown mould. The corkscrew palm and Saperbark grow here, and the old hands elight to point out as the most prominent landmark an old tank which Mr. Finniss s party left on the river bank, and which they say still holds water. For two hours we saw nothing but mangroves and swampy heavily grass-grown land, which, judging by what 1 saw of the soil, XBhcmld say would never do for sugarcane—close to the river at any rate. There is a thin surface of black spil, and a substratum of blue clav, which, however, might cause swamp rice to flourish. But as dusk came on, and we had followed the windings of the river for some thirty miles, the country began slightly to improve. On the left bank we could see beyond the swampy ground, somewhat elevated, rich, green, fertile-timbered countiy, which the maps and charts show not, but. which the natives on board, who claimed it as their country, call Minissee. The banks here are about a foot above high-watermark. It was here that at night the tide began to ebb, and we anchored till it should flow again, as it would have been folly for our little craft to have been forced to fight against so strong a rush. It was here, too, that at early morning we met the first alligator—a huge monster about twenty feet long, floating by log-like. It was here, moreover, where a well-known speculator, to whom truth-telling is said to come only by accident, fixed the scene for a wild yarn told once to a public company. He thought they all were ignorant of alligators nests, and so he spun his threads thusly.:— " You see, it was this way. I was chasing along the bank an alligator that had taken my silk handkerchief as it hung over the boat's gunwale, and I had near come up to him, . when flop he goes into a big pyramid-looking place in the mangroves. It was a pretty place, with walks all round it and a long stretch of green running from one part into the river. I put my head in, ana found the handkerchief hanging on a bush, and pocketed it. But the place was the queerest. It was a hundred yards round, and a beautiful shelving basin of clear water, cut in two parts. In one part were 200 eggs as big round .as this, and he stretched out his arms to their full extent. " In the other the old alligator was teaching the young ones to swim, and a great fuss she did make of it. The Btretch of green running down to the river was a tunnel, through which the youngsters went in and out." The tale-teller received a prompt reward. There is a mystery respecting his whereabouts now. But we got an alligator s nest higher up — the well-known local traveller Mr. W. D'Arcy once disturbed an alligator sitting on it; it had no-fewer than 400 eggs. These eggs are deposited in layers in a sand mound from eighteen inches to two feet high and six feet round. The last layer for the time being is covered with wet sand, which is scraped off when the alligator wants to add another. You would think such an awkward ponderous beast would smash the eggs; but it does not; of our nest only three were cracked. The eggs, which are hatched by sun heat, are about the size of a duck's, hut they are longer and whiter, more hard-shelled, and pimpled and blotchy. They have a strong flavour—some what musty, too; but the blackfellows eat them readily if raw, and with great relish if cooked in the hot ashes. Early next morning, with the tide in our favour, we were passing along the big Horse shoe Bend, just oeyond which -the bamboos *row to an extraordinary height. From the eafy groves we heard the cooeving of black fellows, and thousands of ducks and geese and shags and cranes flew overhead from the offshooting creeks and marshes. All along the river, indeed, birds positively swarm—the perky-white cockatoo is particu larly numerous. We shot some gold- bronzed yellow cranes, which generally are .very scarce, but here they rose pretty plentifully from the grass cane, as it is called. It is almost as much like sugarcane as grass in taste. At about noon we passed off Beatrice Hill with its " trig" station. It is a promi nent, though low bald elevation, split up further where we had a better view of the Daly Range with its thick covering of trees; and of Manton's and Fred's Passes, in the latter named of which poor Bennett, whose grave now forms such a prominent feature in the scenery of Palmerston, was fatally speared by the blacks some years ago. Be neath this'pass there is a large lagoon. From this point the river gradually be comes narrower and shallower till navi gation is impeded by Pearson Bar, about ten miles further on. One of the party who went by land right through to the Adelaide Cross ing by the telegraph line, where the Parlia mentary party camped, says there |is beyond Pemson's a succession of rocky bars which a boat might crosB for about twelve miles, but which a ship could not. There are also several cliffs, and at one point, where the stream is not much more than 30 feet wide and two feet deep, the hanks on the east rise to a height of 20 or 30 feet, and are lightly timbered with paper-bark, bamboos also being present. Then there are chains of lagoons and undulating country, fit for the cultivation of sugar, but more par ticularly for that of rice. Before this point is reached the tidal influence has ceased, and the river is unworthy of being so called. Near Mount Gun the branch of the Adelaide trendB away west, and throw off shoots due Bouth. Then the main river degenerates into a thin rivnlet, and loses half its volume in extensive back waters, lagoons, and billa bongs, full of fish. According to the sur veyors the river takes it rise in open flats and undulating rises, all well grassed, and the valleys containing good soil. On Friday night we were borne swiftly homeward on the ehb tide, past numerous alli gators that we disturbed basking on the banks in the sunlight. We fired at some, but the unwieldy monsters, being mud-coloured, do ; present a good mark, and if they did and re hit, their thick hides would render nob ] were , them impervious to the ball, unless they were struck on the head. One of them was nearly making a dinner of Mr. Cuthbertson, who had shot a duck, and was putting his hand on it to lift it into the boat as it floated on the water, when there bobbed up within a couple of inches of his hand the ugly snout of an alligator. Both hand and bird dis appeared m a very short time—the one above and the other under the water. Some ibises (the sacred "Ibis" of Japan) and "jabberoos" (a peculiar long necked, long-shanked, white and red and black bird, with a plaid-striped neck beauti fully marked—subsequently bore company with the duck in the investigation of the internal economy of alligatordom. We reached Palmerston when Saturday, night had far advanced; and in closing the record of this trip it may be said that so far as navigation is concerned there is no betterriver than the Adelaide; but it seems generally speaking more fit for pastoral than agricultural purposes. There are patches of exceedingly good land, but so for as we could judge by a somewhat cursory examination, and so for as one may form an opinion from the reports of Mr. Lindsay and other surveyors, as to the west bank, at anj rate, the average quality is not so good as it might be. I believe, and others more technically informed than I, aver that rice will flourish upon it, but that the sugarcane will not be spread over a very wide area. Special'surveys have, however, been made and applied for for sugar blocks, which I will more particularly refer to at the proper time. There is now no regular means of communication between the river and Palmerston, except that which is given indirectly by way of tne goldfields road, the nearest point of which is fifty miles distant from Pearson's Bay. Mr. Stevens intends, however, to frequently run a little sailing vessel—which is now on the way up— between the Station and the Port, and also to the farthest navigable point, to facilitate the conveyance of goods to the Adelaide as well as to the Glencoe Station—of which, and stations generally, more anon. Let it be sufficient to say m closing that three chains of the river banks is reserved for travelling stock; and, parenthetically, that for the natural-history collector there are few.better places than the Adelaide River. To PALMERSTON AT LAST.—THE HARBOUR. " One of the Best in the World" the Common Verdict.—The Various Apolo gies for Wharf Accommodation.—The Tide Difficulty and How to Overcome it.—The Government Fleet. If Palmerston has one thing which it is entit.ed to boast about more than another, that thing is itB harbour. I should have described it at first, to make the descriptions follow their natural sequence; but that with the Ministerial journey programme was not possible, and the event has proved that it is just as well, because I have had more fre quent opportunities of seeing it and hearing discussed the " burning questions" it is the subject of. Port Darwin is really a harbour within a harbour, so that vessels lying in it are doubly protected. The outer sheltering headlands are East and West Point (Douglas Peninsula). The inner are Point Emery and Talc Head, each rocky rises of about twenty feet high, and both showing exactly the same strata. It looks, indeed, as though they had dissolved a close partnership, and put a couple of miles of ocean between them, for the entrance is nearly two miles wide. Within the only prominent landmarks are King's Table, Blackmore and Haycock Hills on the south, and Fort and Stokes Hills, near to Palmer ston, on the north-east. Within Emery Point (I am somewhat indebted to the official information) Port Darwin increases to seven miles in breadth, and then stretches into three arms. The East Arm is about two miles broad at the entrance, whence it is navigable by a boat for ten miles, and for larger vessels a much less distance. The banks are tbickly lined with mangroves, and in the stream there are some rocks above water. The Elizabeth River, and Mitchell's, Browning's, and other creeks empty them selves into it. The next is the Middle or South Arm, on which Southport is built, and the eastern branch of which I have already described. The western has been traced six miles, and the depth of water varies from six to thirteen fathoms, but within the dividing islet the channels are mostly occupied by shoals until they become i locked up by masses of granite further nland. The West Arm is the most tortuous of all. It is a narrow creek, winding, nine miles from its entrance, which is barred by. a shoal extending some distance from Talc Head. Within the bar there is between two and three fathoms for three miles up the channel. Everywhere almost there are thick mangroves, with very little sandy beaches, bounding the view from a vessel, except there be (which there in very few places is) some elevated country. High up the arms of the harbour there are plenty of alligators, but the brutes do not come so often near the jetties as they did. The tides are very irregular. It is high water, fall, and change 5 hours 30 min. Springs rise as much as 24 feet, and neaps occasionally only 2 feet. Thus much in detail for nautical readers at a distance. To the general observer the harbour is merely a grand expanse of almost perfectly landlocked water, taking the shape of an irregular square—its surface enlivened ever and again by silver-flashes, marking the spot where jumping and flying fish of various kinds carry on their gambols. Prawns and other edible fish are caught and retailed by the Chinese. The passage from the Vernons to the mouth is somewhat intricate, and vessels arriving,off them in the late evening generally wait for daylight to go in; but that fact does not in any way reflect upon the safety of the harbour itself. It is, however, subject to sudden squalls, and is, of course, affected by the strong monsoons which blow during certain Beasons of the year. But a fatal acci dent, even with the smallest sailing boat, has never been known to happen in it, unless the craft were in bad hands. The unanimous verdict of the masters of all the steamers trading there whom I have interviewed is— " It's one of the safest and best harbours in the world. The largest fleet afloat could lie at anchor in it." Palmerston is situated exactly north from the centre of the harbour, and Point Emery iBpart of the township, which looks very picturesque from the deck of an incoming vessel. After passing East Point the first sign of civilization you see is the Government Garden, and then next the Hospital; and these, backed by the somewhat irregular lines of snow-white offices and other build ings, with a beautiful variegated carpet, principally of rich green vegetation stretch ing in a gentle slope down to the water's edge from their high elevation, cannot fail to impress a stranger favourably. It is well that it should be so, for he has hardly time to record his impressions before he catches sight, if he arrive at high tide, of the top of a long pole surmounted by an emnty nail can, on the northern side of Fort Hill; and he scarcely gives mouth to his surprise, ere he sees at the other side of the Point another pole similarly capped. These mark the termini of the two apologies for jetties, and they are placed there to warn vessels not to run into them. If he come at low water, they will ap appear as beacons at the edge of a sea of high flavoured mud. Where there is such an enormous rise of tide, jetty-making becomes a serious business; not that the ground at the bottom of the harbour is unsuitable for it on the contrary, it is a compact mass of de composed micaceous slate, in which iron piles, when screwed, would be as firm and ri possible—but because a jetty which would be available for vessels at high water would be far above them at low, and vice versa. You cannot see a single inch of any of the present jetties fit high tiuGBj Bud small craft go com Pjetely over them. Neither is used by any of the steamera ; all their cargo is lightered, and the transhipment from the ship to the shore—a distance of 300 yards—costs fifteen shulings a ton. The goods are landed short of high-water mark sometimes, and what with scarcity of drays, and tide, and rain, consider able loss is incurred each year by importers. Accommodation was first sought to be given to shippers by the construction of a causeway to the north of Port Hill in an exposed position. That js Cook's Jetty, the one denoted by the first of the nailpans. It is never used, and is less Ukely to be now than ever it was. The baths separate it from the stump end of a semi-jetty quarter-break water, which, of solid rocks, was run a foot ®r the sea from the centre line of Fort Hill, and then discontinued. The position of this structure is Baid to be worse than that of the other, as the fullest "rush of the currents passes it, and it would he difficult for a vessel to, lie alongside it. If it were continued a hundred yards or so as a breakwater ic, would shelter the third of the apologies—the Gulnare Jetty, so called because a former Government schooner of that name Btaved in her sides acrosB it, and now forms part of it, with her ribs in the middle of it. This is the jetty which is used by the smaller craft. Its top, of.loose slimy stones, and the side beams which keep them together, are slippery as a greased eel, and it is quite an exhausting exercise of ingenuity and agility to step from it to a boat, or from a boat to it. When a distinguished stranger essays that feat the Government Resident courteously drags him jetty wards, while the boatmen prop up that portion of his corporality which last leaves the boat under these circumstances. And the walk along the top of the oily mass is quite as amusing—a walk full of surprises, and varied, if the pedestrian be not mighty in carefulness, by occasional full-length tumbles. These in a shark and alligator and swift-current harbour would be sensational were it not for the fact that the danger is lessened by some stakes which have been run along outside and close to the jetty to keep from jumping it at high water the reckless craft who ignore the warning conveyed! by that nailcau ! Seriously, I think I will com mand all the " Ayes" when I say that the wharfage accommodation at Port Darwin is about as bad as it could he—so had that for j any real use it is there might almost as well be none at all. I don't know who is respou- ' sible for its design, and I don't know either that its builder is to blame. He doubtless did the best he could with the money at his command and under the exceptionally diffi cult circumstances which opposed themselves to him. Bad as the accommodation is, I believe, and the_general opinion even of the residents is that it will be quite sufficient for many years at least, unless a railway be made. If the Parliament puts its veto on that railway scheme, then the reader who shall not have read this before need go no further. But if they sanction it, the most common-sense thing for the Government to do will be to take practical steps in the matter of wharf accommodation before they turn a shovelful of sod on the track. For they will have to land an immense quantity of railway material, and it will be a ruinously expensive operation if [ they have not far better means of getting it to shore than now exist. They have wisely reserved to themselves for all and any time the right to make wharf extensions between Stokes's Hill and the other side of Cook's Jetty—an area which includes the big mud flat, on the edge of which Gulnare Jetty stands, or rather leans. This flat reclaimed would be a grand aid in the construction of a really good circular quay or dry dock. That is one of the suggestions for meeting the difficulty. Another, proceeding upon the hypothesis that no jetty will be of the slightest service to ships unless it be protected by a breakwater, is that that breakwater snail be furnished by the lengthening of the present stump-end of a jetty, and that Gulnare's Jetty having been removed and used in the reclamation of the Mud Fiat, which will be a costly work, a screw-pile iron structure shall take its place. Some nautical men suggest a semi-floating wooden jetty, with graduated stages and a powerful crane. This, they avow, would do away with the tide difficulty and be com paratively inexpensive. Whatever kind of jetty were made, if its end ran ashore near to where the present one does, the trains could come right down to it and the trucks run along the rails on the jetty itBelf. For if the line were laid on the ground (about 10 feet above the highest sea level) skirting the mud flat, the train could reach the township (though it is so much higher) over a scarcely perceptible gradient crossing the saddle of Stokeas Hill. If the rails be laid along the cart-road leading from the jetty to the centre of the town, then I warrant the engineers will fear to bring down their cost sheet. There has been so much talk of the impracticability of getting the train to the jetty, or of even having a jetiy, that, at the risk of tiring the general reader, I was at some pains to record the various schemes which have commended themselves to the best engineering talent which the Northern Territory possesses, and that is not Baying only a li The Harbour Master is Captain Marsh, and he has charge of the Government fleet, sail ing occasionally in command of its principal ship—the Flying Cloud—which he brought up from Adelaide nine years ago, and which seems to have been bo profoundly affected by that exploit as to be content to rest on its laurels and not risk foolish experiments again. The Cloud really is a little cutter vriiolly unfit for the work in which nomi nally she is engaged. It takes her so long to get about that if she started to the relief of a shipwrecked crew with the wind and tide against her it is probable that she would be found, after beating about a day or two, to have achieved only an Irishman's progression —backwards. The castaways would have made the acquaintance of David Jones Ion" ere she could atone for her lad behaviour This matter is especially important where tides so strong and winds so fierce prevail, and safety and economy equally demand that the Cloud shall be replaced by a craft with some suitability for the work she undertakes. A suggestion has come from high quarters that, as it has been proposed to supersede tbe Governor Musgrave as the Government' steamer at Port Adelaide, that proposal should be adopted, and the steamer sent up ■ to Port Darwin, to be used, amongst other purposes, for the conveyance of survey parties to Melville and Bathurst Islands, the Vic toria River, and other places as yet unsur veyed, and of appliances, if not actual' material in connection with the railway.. That question answered affirmatively, and the line actually laid down, there would be quite enough for the Governor Musgrave to do thereafter at Port Darwin. The South Australian northern coastline is not so per fectly well described that nautical men need to learn nothing further about it. Captain Marsh's deputy and the Govern ment boatman is Mr. W. H. Howard, who has charge of the rest of the fleet—the cutters Larrakeeyah and Woolnah, and a resplendent Governor's gig (in which distin guished visitors are conveyed from Bhip to shore], and a dingy. _ Tins fleet is used principally for the carriage of cypress, pine, and other wood from the islands lor the erec tion of. Government buildings. The crews number altogether a dozen Malays, and ex cellent boatmen the merry fellows are. X have excepted the water-police boats, which they work themselves, and the Customs, which calls for reference in my next. The Customs and the Customs Officials. —Thu. Peek Port no Benefit to the. Working Men.—The Storekeepers gain EVERY WAY. — CURIOUS DUTY OF THE Landing- waiter.—The Inception of the. Beche-de-mer Trade.—The Gold Duty ; how to make up foe it.—Some Sta tistics and Deductions therefrom.— South. Australia least Benefited, of all the Colonies by., the Northern Territory; — The qne Practicable Remedy j a Railway.—China our Chief Competitor. — Another Singapore.— Immigration and Emigration. Since August 16, 1880, when Pqrt Darwin ceased to be a free .port, the Customs Depart ment has been one of of its chief institutions* ItB head is Mr. J. A. G. Little, superin tending officer of the Overland Telegraph. In Mr. W. Cate, the officer next in command, he has a zealous coadjutor, who superintends all the outside work, boarding the various vessels in the official boat, which is manned by four smart Malays. There is a Btaff of Government officers. The head office is in connection with the Telegraph Department, and there is besides a galvanized iron store, and office on the beach at the end of the Gulnare Jetty, in which all the outdoor busi ness is transacted. .Since the reimposition of the dutieB the Customs business has been, steadily on the increase, though the present is a dull time; ana speaking of the abolition of the duties, I may mention, that all through the gold-fields I found the utmost indifference amongst the diggers and miners as to whether duties were on or off. " When the port was free it didn't make the slightest difference to us, except in spirits and tobacco. The storekeepers' prices for other things were just the same as they had been before, and when the duty was reimposed they stuck on an extra percentage. No; we don't want the port to be free." I have not heard the country storekeepers make answer to that. Of course, in so young a place the work of the department fluctuates greatly. About twice a year, for four or five weeks, there is not a steamer in; the week after the arrival of the first four, others occasionally follow. The usual Customs hours are observed, but the officers at some of the southern seaports would be nonplussed if they were asked to do off hand the work to be done at Port Darwin. It partakeB a good deal of the detectives profession, for to some of the Chinese smuggling is as the breath of life. Mr. Cate informs me that he has frequently found an astute Celestial hiding at night in the bow- chains of the vessels, and a boat with another China man lying-to at the oars some little distance off. The game is to get one of the Chinese crew to pass some articles over the bow, whence it speedily goes to Chinamen in the town. They have another game also, and the bones of their deceased countrymen play an important part in it. Since the gold duty had been enforced— some two or three months after—Mr. Cate heard that the bones which left by some of the steamers had had gold dust stowed away in them—in the skull and little passages. Ever since that time he has made each Chinaman seeking to pass the bones through to the Bhip bring them into the office for examination; and a gruesome task that scrutiny is, especially when the skeleton, happens to be green. He has never been rewarded, moreover, by the discovery of any treasure, and it is just possible the rumour was another libel upon childlike and in dustrious John Comprador. _ _ , I must not omit to mention, for it is im portant as making perhaps the small begin ning of a big ending, that this year the Go vernment have appointed a temporary officer at Port Essington in the person of Mr. W.. 0\. Robinson, the only white man over a very large area, who is in charge of the Coburg Cattle Company's Station at that place, and and who has a very lonely life. This action, has been taken on account of the large number of proas which come across from the adjacentislands(Macassar, amongst others) for beche-de-mer, &c.;, bringing with them for the purpose of barter with the natives-a large quantity of raw spirits, arrack, and tobacco. These until lately have entered this part of the Territory without paying duty. The result of the application of the Port Darwin tariff to them has yet to be ascertained ; but it will at least have the effect of securing a record of the imports and exports at Port Essington, and it costs only £20 a year. The necessity for having officers at the Daly and Roper Rivers as settlement increases is kept in mind by the Sub- Collector. Before proceeding to give a synopsis of the Customs statistics for the last year it will be well for the sake of distant readers for me to enumerate the few articles upon which import duty has to be paid in the Northern Territory. The list is:—Beer, ales, &c.;, 9d. per gallon; rice. id. per lb.; fish, dried and. salted. Id. per Id. ; spirits, 10s. per gallon tobacco, snuff, &c.;, 2s. per lb.cigars, 5s. per lb.; opium, 20s. per lb. ; wine, 4s. per • gallon. The only export duty is on gold, 2s. 6d. per oz., and the Minister has almost pro mised that it shall be reduced to a nominal figure for purposes of registration only and not as a tax. As will be seen from the figures which, follow, the receipt from the gold export is a considerable factor ■ in the revenue returns, and if it be removed the deficiency (say prac tical politicians) must be made up somehow. "Asa dutyon exportsis subversive of the principles oi political economy, and in this case inflicts a positive hardship upon the working man, and him alone, it no doubt should be removed." I shaU deal more particularly with its effects in my mining summary, hut meanwhile I would point out that substitutes might easily be found for the duty. Primarily the best means I have heard suggested is the levying of £2 or £3 from each Chinaman entering the port to settle, in payment of four or six years' miners' rights, at 10s. a year. I have it on the highest authority on the gold-fields that only sixty of these rights have been issued to them this year, and this shows that not more than three or four Chinese in every hundred obey the law in this particular. So that if they were compelled to pay when they arrived the levy would be a very different thing from a poll tax. It would be perfectly just, for if Chinamen will not voluntarily contribute the paltry sum demanded from them for the protection afforded to them by the Government, they should be compelled to do so. At the same time, be it remem bered, the staples of their diet are already taxed, while the Europeans' food comes in free. If the deficiency were not made up in this way the balance to debit could be met by small duties on articles such as tea, soap, herosine, &c.;, or by an extra £d. upon rice. This latter would also fall principally upon Chinese, but I question whether there will be any rice import two years hence. The Celestials are beginning to grow it. In the meantime the impost would act as a protec tive duty to the cultivators. Another plan has been proposed by a Chinese gentleman to whom I was introduced on the downward steamer—Mr. Hoo Chun, a member of the great Jan Woo Company, of Hongkong, who have the monopoly 01 the opium-farming from the Colonial Government there. . Ifeis how travelling through the colonies subsequently to visiting England, the Continent, and America ; and he very strongly urges the ex pediency of the opium tariff for the Territory and South Australia generally and the other colonies being revised. Whilst he would retain the20s. per lb. on the manufactured article, he would place only 5s. on the raw material If that were done, he says that his Company are prepared to establish opium fac tories in most of the colonies, and forth with at Fort Darwin. As with the small population of tbat place, 1,323£ lb. of opium, valued at £3,105, were imported last year, such a factory would, no doubt, pay when the expected brightening of prospects is realized, the more especially as the long headed Chinese threatened to combine poppy-growing with sugar and rice cultiva tion. But there are those who would object to an opium factory in South Australia, and others to making what is virtually a pro tective duty to support one. All this is written in explanation of the suggestions made to meet a deficiency from the repeal of the gold duty. Whether it is absolutely necessary to meet that deficiency by fresh taxation I leave for discussion. And now come we to the Customs records for the last year—records just completed, and most interesting and suggestive. They show conclusively what, from its position, might naturally be expected: that, whilst South Australia has lost so much on the Northern Territory during the time it was unable to pay its expenses, all the while, as well as now that the corner is turned, she has reaped and is reaping infinitely less of the advantage than the other colonies. The details of these statistics have been, I presume, buried in due form in the Govern ment Gazette, and I will not disentomb them, though they would be an interesting study. Suffice it for me to say that during last year the value of duty-paid goods imported into Port Darwin was £31,578 14s., and that the proportion for each importing country was nearly as follows: — Hong kong, £23,500; Sydney, £5,050; Melbourne, £2,670; Java, £172; Singapore, £150; Ade laide, £150; Queensland, £64. Of free goods the value was £70,147 4s., proportioned as followsSydney, £39,706 lis. (or more than half); Hongkong, £10,993 6s.; Mel bourne, £10,946 10s.; Adelaide, £4,949 17s.; Queensland, £2,692 ; Java, £274 ; Straits Settlements and Timor, £585. The total value of imports was £101,725 18s., and the amount of duty received £14,759 13s. 4d. The proportion of the whole was:—New South Wales, £44,745 15s. ; Hongkong. £34,382 6s.; Victoria, £13,516; South Aub tralia, £5,099 17s.; Queensland, £2,801; Java, £446; Timor, £375; Singapore, £360. The total exports were valued at £112,682 Is., and of this gold contributed £111,945 Is. Only 2 oz. (£7) went to South Australia. The other figures areHongkong, £39,352 Is.; Melbourne, £37,339 10s.; New South Wales, £32,770 5s.; Queensland, £2,476 5s. The duty from this export was £3,938 13s. 9d.; and that is of course the sum which will be deficient if the impost be removed—a little more than a quarter of the whole receipts. Do these significant figures furnish, from South Australians' point of view, an argu ment for a through railway ? In what other way is she to got her share of the trade of her now little but promising and sturdy com munity on her northern coast? It is but natural that, whilst she is practically further from it than any of her neighbours, they will monopolize the business ; and she cannot well put on at Port Darwin a protective tax on all goods imported by any but herselfLet her people ruminate over this. There is another point, too. She is by steamer five days further, and Sydney is one day more distant from the Northern Territory than the commercial heart of China is ; and when Hongkong (which includes other Chinese ports as well) comes forward in these statistics with £31.382 woith of imports against Adelaide's £5,099 17s., the fact is sufficiently suggestive to need no laboured comment from ma in these sketchy articles. As, despite the teeming millions of China, she can afford to have a food export; and as all her sons, sail whither they may, are sure to draw their supplies thence ; as, moreover, our Northern Territory is next door to that great country; and as we do not yet produce the articles the Chinamen most do use, we may expect in the first place a very rapid influx of Chinese, and in the next to furnish an increasingly important market for their country's productions. It is within my knowledge that from Port Darwin have gone several educated influential Chinamen to bruit abroad in their own land the fame of the Territory; and I have again and a^ain, interviewing the best and wealthiest of the race now residing there, been assured' that' it will become a second Singapore if they can make it so—a greater Singapore, because it has its rich gold-fields. "You see," said Yee Kee, the Chinese labour agent, and a plantation-owner near Hongkong, " this country close by China. It fot grand land for garden and plantation; and going home next month to speak of it to rich men in Hongkong and start a Company to grow rice and sugar and Chinese fruits. [This was after the Minister announced his advocacy of the railway.] '"We will send out thousands of Chinese workmen to make your railway for you, and then China do big trade with this place. By-and-by gardens and plantations ready, grow things employ lot men when cannot work gold-fields — no water. Suppose railway made right Adelaide, get all through country. Welly good." So some colonists doubtless will see two sides even to the rail way ques tion! But this shows that the Chinese are thoroughly alive to t^e importance of these colonics ; and it, with many other things I have seen and heard while amongst the CliiDese population in the Northern Territory, convinces me that our poll taxes have not by j any means disposed of the " yellow agony." The old conservatism of the Imperial Govern ment of China is fast breaking up. The presence of telegraphs; the prospective re ticulation of the streets by water-pipes, and bridging of interior space oy the railways: the building and manning of gunboats, and the adoption of many of the ways of modern civilization — all these are having their effect upon the former marked jea lousies of the Chinese, and the effect is greatly increased by the return of every man of influence who has been success ful in Australia. Remember that one of every three men in the world is a Chinaman. Is it likely that they will always be cooped up in sucn narrow bounds ? No; the national increase, if nothing else, renders that impossi ble. As surely will hundreds of thousands of the labouring population attempt to migrate to these colonies, their nearest point, as the Northern Territory will be the place—the only place where they have not to pay-<a poll tax—whither they will first tend. The climate is the same as theirs. California is played out, and we are nearer to them; and Chinese man even the steamers which give communication between us. Now, let the thoughtful reader accept or reiect my conclusions, and frame his own. while I conciude my sketch with the record of the fact that last year there called at Port Darwin 56 vessels, representing 504,804 tons, and 2,544 men in crews, and that very nearly the same left. The immigration was 336 males and 18 females, ana the emigration 1,105 males and 30 females—a considerable loss, it will be observed. 