CHAPTER IX. Jack walked down to the valley. The flood had now completely subsided. The flat ivas sloppy and wet, it is true ; but nature tiad been so completely revived that these sugnt disadvantages were compensated by the generally improved appearance of every thing in the soft light of the moon. Jack [elt little inclination to go to sleep now ; the air was so pure and buoyant, that it infused fresh life into him. But Spot's eager whines attracted Ins attention, and caused him to wonder. Had anything wrong taken place at home? What did the dumb animal mean by his half -human appeals? Jack, in response to bis eager looks, crossed the creek, and went to the tent which he called home. There Spot became greatly excited, wagged his tail, jumped on his master, and uttered sundry sharp, angry barks. The door of the tent was open, and the moon shone into it. The boy looked, and saw his mother lying asleep in the same place where he had left her. In the moonlight her face looked terribly ghastly, and Jack turned away with a shudder. What good would it do him to enter and awaken her. He turned away, anxious to spare liimseh' the torture he knew would result, and walked up the township, which was now wrapped in slumber, regard less of the demonstrations of Spot, who appeared to have absolutely lost bis senses. ' Get out, you old fool,' said Jack, thrust iny the dog away from him. ' You've got the distemper, I think. I'll give you such a hammering as you never had, except on that day you stole Bertha's dinner, if you go on in this way.' ' Spot slunk away behind, in a very melan choly mood ; no doubt arguing in his simple mind that he was laboring under a delusion, and that his master was right. Just as Jack was walking past the Garry owen, Spot gave a spiteful bark, and rushed upon a man who had emerged from that hostelry, accompanied b^nother. Jack saw it was Bunakum. Hc^JPrcd at him with great surprise. The nian ' absolutely looked white with terror, and gazed on him as if horror- stricken. Jack set it down to fear of the dog. 'Shut up, Spot!' he cried. 'Don't you know hini? He 'deserves barking at; but you'd better leave him alone. Why, you needn't be frightened of Spot.' 'Is that you, Jack?' said Bunakum, in a tremulous voice, which, of course, his son set down to drink. 'Keep your dog off, will you? He's mad.' Behind Bunakum were two men whom Jack recognised as Hector Macinnis and the district coroner — a gentleman, who sought Bacchus to enable him to discharge his Rhadamanthean duties. Dr. Rouse was one of the greatest bon vivante and most unjust judges in the world. An invitation to drink would suffice to turn the scales of justice with him at any moment. But Jack paid little attention to him. The aspect of Hector was a case for more surprise. That man was equally pale as Bunakum. Jack wondered what all this meant. All the time Spot kept snarling and sniffing around, liltta demented animal. *^feet out of that, yon young rascal !' cried Dr. Bouse, lifting his cane, 'or I'll have you committed as a night prowler and vagabond.' 'Prowling round, to see what he can lay hold of, no doubt,' said Hector. ' All these boys ought to be taken up.' 'I declare the cold's got completely into me,' said. Bunakum. ' I can't think of going home.' (Where that home was, no one knew) . ' Let's go in again, and have something to put hie into us.' 'Yes, yes!' said Hector, hurriedly. 'We can have a quiet game of euchre till daybreak.' 'Hurrah!' said Dr. Bouse. 'Just the thing. I don't see the good of going to bed to-night.' And the trio turned back into the Garry owen, where the sleepy landlord was still dis pensing elixir r,it-e to those of his customers who had not succumbed. Jack walked up to the end of the street, and then turned to go home. The east was already showing signs of the dawn — brighten- ing, not with the glorious golden effulgence he had seen in his dream, but with a cold grey light that made one shiver. Dawn on Gritty Gully. Achilly light,growing stronger and stronger, filled the eastern sky; and the moon began to pale gradually, while the few stars that were still visible glimmered faintly. Shreds of clouds flitted across the sky, changed, as they neared the light of dawn, into a sombre gray Beneath was the damp earth — its outlines shadowed in the crossnghts of the east and the west. Already, the birds were preparing to catch the early worm ; the laughing jackass uttered bis discordant cu-cu-ca-coo-coo-coo ; and the magpie filled the woods with his musical trill ; while the smaller birds twittered and shook off the damp. Here and there a stray bat, or mopoke, that had kept late hours, fluttered uneasily, anxious to get back to its hole in some tree ; but, like biped revellers who stay out late, their eyesight was at fault, and thus had to seek a resting-place wherever they could. In the grey light of the dawn Jack sought bis home. The locality was very quiet. Not a soul was stirring. Even the dogs lay asleep in front of the tents. Jack entered quietly ; but the first glance at his mother made him start back horror stricken. He had never seen anything like this before. Her face was purple and distorted — contracted, — and the eyes stared out in a fearful manner. She was lying on the- sofa, her clothes disordered, and her limbs drawn up as though in terrible agony. What was it? Death! He knew it. He had never seen a dead body ; but the awful face before him told too powerfully of the great enemy. Death — a horrible death ! Her bands were clenched firmly ; her form drawn up as if a great struggle had taken place when life was departing. The boy gazed on the still form of his mother until his eyes rivalled those of the dead, starting with horror. Then, with a great cry, he rushed ?out, and, opening the door of the next tent, cried out : ' Mother's dead ! Mother's dead !' Two young men were sleeping together in a rude bed made of leaves and grass. They turned round sleepily; and one, with an expletive, asked what was the matter. ' Mother ! Mother !' said the terrified boy. 'Why, Jack, is that you?' cried one of the young fellows, sitting up in bed. ' What's the matter? You look hike a ghost.' ' O ! Mother, mother !' cried Jack, recog nising in the speaker the young fellow wlio had so kindly assisted him to separate the flocks on the day they had got boxed. ' Mother's dead ! Mother's dead !' In his excitement he had entirely forgotten that the young fellow had been his neighbour for some time. In the condition of his mind now, it is impossible to describe the feeling of relief he experienced when he recollected this, and found a friend so near. ' Dead !' said the young man. ' Why, I saw her last evening, all right. 'Poor, Jack !' he continued, gazing upon the boy with compassion ; ' Your troubles have come early. Get up, sleepyhead, can't you ? Here's something dreadful taken place.' The other youth turned round sleepily. ' Bother you, old chum. Don't wake me. I was in such a fine sleep, and dreaming I'd made £10,000.' Springing up, the young man who had compassionated Jack, jumped into his clothes and accomnanied the hov to his tent. The other youth, after looking round sleepily, turned around and went into the land of dreams. The young man looked carefully at the corpse.- Going up close to it he, too, seemed horrified. He came back to Jack, and, taking his arm, eaid, in a low, terrified voice : ' Jack, your' mother has been murdered. On her neck are the distinct marks of four fingers and a thumb. She has been choked to dpath !' 