THE VERY REV. DR. GRANT. IN the Queensland Times, under the heading "Vindication of the Very Rev. Dr. Cani," there appears a long letter signed " Justitia." " To unprejudiced minds, few indeed among living priests have such deep and manifold claims on the lasting gratitude of Catholics in Queensland. Not to mention other works, are not the Cathedral and the fine commodious brick buildings that have replaced the old slab humpies at Nudgee Orphanage monuments of his pious zeal during his former administration '! Observant Catholics have seen and can- not forget how, since then-preferring duty to case-God's glory and the salvation of souls to personal comfort or private interest Dr. Cani, with piety that shunned ostentation, has been devotedly occupied in arduous missionary labours. They have seen him, though advanced in years, earnestly toiling amid the hardships and discomforts of Northern Queensland under the blaze of a tropical sun, while certain of those polite "administrators"-younger men and less experienced priests-who assailed him with their commenting protest, were cozily basking in the undisturbed enjoyment of palatial luxury in more favoured parts of their Master's vineyard. "And now, after long years of humble unremitting labour, the placing of the crozier in his hands is a meet recognition of his genuine worth. The mitre will rest with becoming grace and dignity on a head blanched in the active and fruitful service of religion and charity. Long and successfully may he wear it, and may he be endowed with heavenly grace and wisdom to administer the sacred functions of so responsible an office in all things agreeably to the Divine will. To this thousands of tongues will respond a fervent ' Amen.' For, in truth, the appointment of this venerable priest to the new bishopric brings real joy' to the heart of every Catholic who knows him, save only that insignificant few to whom his elevation means discomfiture and personal disappointment. On behalf of these and their prejudiced partisans, pious Catholics will charitably pray, ' leather, forgive them.' " The correspondent of the Queensland Times appends to his letter the following copy of Archbishop Vaughan's reply to the protest, recently published by us, from some twenty priests of this diocese, against Dr. Canis appointment as administrator : Sydney, 3rd October. 1884. Door Rev. Father Breen, Now that the sad rites connected with the death of and month's, mind for the late lamented Bishop of Brisbane are over, I hasten to acknowledge the receipt of a " protest," signed and sent to me by a large number of the clergy, against the appointment of the Very Rev. Dr. Cani as administrator " side vacante of the diocese of Brisbane. 1\. Nothing, I can assure the rev. clergy, would give me a greater personal pleasure than to meet their wishes when I can do so with a peaceful' conscience. But (a) The Very Rev. Dr. Cani had already been appointed when the protest arrived. (6) And had such not been the case, I should have been open to the censure of the Holy See if I had accepted the nomination by the clergy' in the way proposed, as no rescript has been granted to thisprovfneoso to modify common law, or to overlook the qualifica- tions mentioned by the Sacred Canons. 2\. Regarding the plea put forward by the rev. clergy against the appointment of the Very Rev. Dr. Gani-namely, his maladministration of the diocese during the Bishop's absence the late Bishop, under the most solemn circumstances when the deepest interests of religion depended on his carefully considered judgment emphati- cally recorded a declaration to the contrary, to be forwarded to the Holy See, a copy of which declaration at this moment, have under my eyes. Dear Rev. Fathers, let us as I do dally-pray the Holy Ghost to send a bishop to Brisbane according to his own heart. Let us not in any way make ourselves unworthy of so great a prince, whilst with best blessing and wishes to all the rev. clergy, I am. dear Rev. Father Breen, Your faithful servant in Christ, t noorat BEnn, Archbishop of Sydney, and Metropolitan. The Rev. James B. Breen, secretary. 