BROKEN BONDS. By HAWLEY SMART. Author of 'Courtship in 1720,' 'Two Kisses,' *' Race for a Wife,' and ' False Cards.' Chaptek XXIII.— Kisses ksd Counsel. Dainty, when he got back to Weymouth, mused a good deal over that scene he had taken part in at ' the Wishing WelL' True, he had been pretty confident that Jennie's heart was his, for some time past, but it had been very sweet to hear her confess it — to see her cheeks glow, and her large grey eyes swim, as, abandoning all rcstaint, he poured forth the story of his passion into her ear. And the girl was frankness itself. She made no mock-modest pretence, but owned she was his, freely and honestly; that he had pos sessed her love from the first. 'But time was, Frank,' she whispered, ' I thought you would never care to ask for it. All! how happy jou have made me !' He pondered over these words with softened face— and Dainty's face had worn a hard, defiant expression of late. They had been very sweet to listen to at the time, they were very sweet to think over now. To this man at war with the world — at war, I grant you, chiefly on account of his own morbid feeling regarding his brother's disgrace— there was something inexpressibly touching in the great love that he had won. And still he muses dreamily, 'How is this to end?' He has never harbored evil thought concerning Jennie. He does not novr. But can he marry her — a girl so much beneath his own station ? He should have asked himself that question before he permitted his lips to say what they have uttered this day. And jet he thinks, 'Why should I not? Where again shall I find such a love as this ? What am I ? — a broken man. If I wished to wed in my own class, what girl would have the courage to say ' Yes' to tbe forger's brother ? Bah !' and hi* lip curled, 'I have done with society. Why should I not marry her? The world I have hitherto lived in and I are henceforth strangers. Jennie knows my story, aud it has but strengthened her affection. We will tread life's path together. How blind I waa sever to see how handsome she ia before 1 Tim Weaver's eyes are better than mine, that's ceitain.' And Dainty gave vent to a low laugh, as he pictured to himself what wild woi-k Jennie must have made with his impressible friend's heart. The more Dainty turned all this over in his mind the more he became confirmed in another idea that had for some weeks been floating in his brain ; and that was to leave the army. As he sat there musing over all these things gradually he shapes out a future for himself ; and when throwing the end of the cigar into the grate he rises to seek his bed, Dainty has determined to sell his com mission — to rescue Maurice, if possible ; but above all to marry Jennie before Christmas. Man has often much difficulty about making up his mind ; and when he has done so the fates make mockery of his resolutions. As we get on in life, and look back upon our boyhood's dreams, how few of us have realised them! We have never nearly achieved what we then thought. Many of U3 are not even in the groove we marked out for our selves. We meant to be soldiers, and we find ourselves priests. We raved of 'the ever free, the glorious sea,' gloated over Marryat's novels, bewildered our feminine relations with talk about spankers and cutwaters, and here we are, steady-going city men ! Emi nent barristers we have pictured ourselves, and find ourselves writers of burlesques. Whilst others there are, all hope of fame and ambition long since burled, who earn their 'Scanty bread and cheese in dark, recondite fashion, that they would scarcely care to dwell upon. Men who started high of art, and with boundless aspirations, but who now, with the life well-nigh crushed out of them, are content if they can earn a bare subsist ence. The golden dreams of your youth, how they shiver ! The golden dream of our love ! — it is well for us when .that, also, lies not shattered in the dust ! Dainty, when he rises next morning, feels more his old self than he has since that terrible day when Maurice first confessed to him his crime. At hist his path is clear. He knows now what he has to do ; he has made up his mind. He came to Weymouth dis dispirited, listless, almost purposeless — possessed with nothing but a vague idea of communicating with Ms brother. Now his pulses beat fiercely in response to a woman's love. No puling love, either, is it that he has won, but that of a wild, passionate heart, that will cling to him in stormy days even closer than in sunshiny weather-s-ne that, though it could swell with exultation at his success in life, would nestle to him even more fondly in misery and disappointment. A woman who, far from staying his hand, urges him to try for Maurice's freedom, and is willing to risk, like himself, her liberty in the attempt ; one who will aid him aud abet him, to the full extent of her capabilities, in whatever he would fain do. Dainty knows this ; he feels that this girl, in her passionate devotion, would sacrifice herself without a murmur, let him but lift a finger — that she would dare everything at a mere word from him. He loves her honestly and truly. Eas he the right to mix: her up in so dangerous a game as he is bent on play ing?— for assisting the escape of a prisoner fiom Portland carries i)aius and penalties that would undoubtedly be enforced ia case of detection. He muses on this as he dresses. He will talk it over with her he thinks ; but never theless he does not feel much compunction about availing himself of her assistance. 'We will risk this together,' he mutters. 'I shall be ciuelly tied without her aid. Nance and all these people will work for me at Jennie's nod. They dare not play her false. But gold lavished by my hand would not ensure their fidelity. That imp Nance always looks askew at me, and but for Jer.nie's influence I'm sure would refuse to give me the slightest assistance. I will point out to Jennie the risk she runs herself. My God \ what a humbug I am ! — as if she doas net know that more thoroughly than I do !— as if aught that I could say would turn her from standing by me in this thing. But I will see her to-day, at all events.' How easy to find a pretest for seeing the woman we love. Dainty made his way out to ' Upway, and, contrary to his u^ual practice, went straight to the cottage. There he was fortunate enough to find not only Jennie out, but the captain at home. That bibulous veteran received him with the most stately and elaborate courtesy. In the chivalry of his nature, Captain Holdershed felt it incum bent upon him to display unwonted politeness bikl hospitality to a man upon whom the ?»or!0 looked coldiy — to one who, however, ur.ju.'-t!y, Jaj in s^me sort under the stigma of ciui.e. . Ihe captain in this phase was a sight to ret'. In Lia iUuiioLio endeavors to say notb ji'g tli.i! ccuiu jLi^siblv wound the feelings of his guest, he' was perpetually gulping down common-place observations that, to his be wildered mind, seemed when half-uttered to contain what might be deemed a painful allusion — a thing of itself inexpressibly isritat ing, as might be well supposed to Dainty. The captain considered that it was proper to assume an aspect of chastened w\\-e upon the occasion, and bad to struggle with an inclina tion to Dibdin's minstrelsy that gave him much trouble. Then again the proffer of something to drink was so essentially part of the captain's views of hospitality that this also was matter of much tribulation to htm. Aware that Dainty was of a temperate dis position (milk-sop I fear the gallant mariner would have termed it), he was unable to make up his mind in what form that hos pitality should be displayed. Port wine, he thought, was essentially of a mourning character, both in color and supporting qualities, but then he possessed none. At last, after much fidgeting in his seat, con siderable stifling of ' a can of good stuff had they twigged it'— a very pet ballad of the veteran'sThe suggested a glass of sherry to his guest, to which, in sheer desperation, Dainty consented. Immense was the relief to the captain's mind. He bustled about and produced not only a decanter for Dainty's benefit, but a black bottle containing something more con genial to his own tastes. 'Help yourself, Mr. Ellerton,' observed the captain, having solaced himself with a gulp of most portentously-colored brandy and water. ' I recollect when I was anchored at Table Bay once, my first officer got into a scrimmage, and was locked up by the police ? ' Here the captain, suddenly be coming coBscious that he was treading on forbidden ground, stopped short, buried his face in bis tumbler, then concluded vaguely, 'and — and came back with some fresh vege tables in the morning.' Even Dainty, though half -annoyed, could scarce refrain from smiling. ' I see you've got a new bird since I wa3 hear last,' he remarked, pointing to a bull finch's cage in the window. 'A pet of Miss Jennie's, I suppose ?' 'Yeshe'saneff'un — such a one to pipe!' replied the captain, enthusiastically. 'f Sings Dibdin through every morning ! Blessed if he don't I _ But he's not satished, someho\r. He don't like confinement. He's alwaya try ing to break his cage. I mean,' continued the veteran, apologetically, 'he don't— that is, he doesn't, you know — that is, he's not quite used to it yet.' And the veteran quite per spired in his overwrought delicacy at the thought that such an allusion might be un palatable to his guest. But the more the captain strove to avoid all topics connected with captivity, so much the more did such subjects float through his per turbed brain. At last, emboldened by brandy and water, he conceived the idea of pouring some comfort into Dainty. ' You mustn't be cast down, Mr. Ellertou,' he observed. ' 'While there is life there is hope ' — hope, you see. You needn't despair— you understand. They get out sometimes. There was Jack Sheppard, for instance, you know ? ' . But here the veteran pulled up. dead short and covered with confusion, as it flashed across him that, despite of that hero's prison breaking feats, the gallows had been his ulti mate destiny. To Dainty the position was becoming in supportable, when the door of the parlor opened, and Jennie stood before them. She paused for a second at the threshold, then with a smile on her lips, and with love-lit eyes walked forward and extended her hand to Ellerton. ' Welcome-Frank,' she said ; ' I thought I should see you to-day, but fancied I should come across you outside. It is too bright an afternoon to spend in the house. You, too, uncle, I fancied were out.' ' I'm afraid I am the cause of the captain's detention,' said Dainty. ' I called, you see, and caught him at home. He has been sacrificing his love for fresh air to his sense of politeness.' ' Well, sir,' laughed the girl, ' I can't. If you ?would talk with me you must come out side.' Dainty shook hands with his host, and then followed his mistress down the little garden. The captain looked after them with a some what troubled expression of countenance. 'Damme,' he muttered, drawing a long breath, 'what's she mean by calling him Frank ? I am a muddled old idiot, and ought to have seen to this before. These sparks when they come fluttering round a handsome girl like J ennie don't always intend fair sailing. That fellow, with his soft voice and jessamy looks, maybe means to make a fool o£ my dailing. I daresay be thinks an old huuks like me, who is always taking just one more tot of grog than's perhaps good for him has no eyes,' aad here the veteran indulged in a wink of supernatural sagacity. 'Perhaps he don't think I love that niece of mine,* just because we tiff a bit at times. By the Lord, sir !' soliloquised the captain, bringing his fist down on the table with a tremendous thump, 'if he thinks that Bob Holderahed, though he's laid on the shelf wouldn't smash his telescope, though there never was such a glass, on the man's head who attempted foul play to Jeannie, he'll find himself most blank, blank, etc., mistaken.' The captain was most sincerely attached to his niece. It was no idle boastiug this on his part. Most assuredly would he resent any injury or insult to Jennie, fiercely and promptly — and by his own right hand to boot, for the veteran had small opinion of law courts or legal redress. He was deeply imbued with the spirit of hia favorite minstrel — had strong ideas concerning right ing hi3 own wrongs with his own hand, and but that, luckily for himself he had no grievance to avenge, would have led a troub lous life of it with the local magistrates. But the notion that Jennie is in danger from Daintv's attentions has now taken root in his mind, and he is of that stamp that it is very difficult to disabuse of an idea once established in their brain. The captain con ceives it behoves him to keep an eye upon his niece in future. A piece of supervision upon his part likely to interfere considerably with her and Dainty's schemes regarding Maurice, as it is quite possible that the well-intentioned veteran may discover reason to interpose at some critical moment upon most erroneous foundation. 'I have been thinking,' said Dainty, as they strolled along the bank of the stream that they had so often fished in company, 'that I ought not to mix you up in this business of Maurice's.' ♦' Oh,?' exclaimed the girl, with an impatient shrug of her shoulders. ' You see,' he continued, 'I may come to grief over it, and it would make me very miserable if I brought harm to you besides. I shall run the risk of imprisonment if detec ted, and you, of course, the same.' She made no reply, but walked quietly on by his side. 'Therefore, although, of course, I shall have to come to you for advice, it would be better, perhaps ? ' ' That you should talk no more nonsense,' interposed Jennie, brusquely. 'Listen to me.' And as she spoke sbe stopped and turned towards him. ' You asked me yester day for my love. How proudly I gave it you perhaps you hardly understood, though, shame on me, it had been yours these months paat. Dainty, dearest,' she continued, with softeced voice, and clasping her hands pleadingly on his arm, ' I claim it henceforth as my right to be by your side in danger or in sorrow; to share your troubles, to do my best to comfort and help you in them. When a woman loves, it is her prerogative. She can exult even in suffering for the man who holds her heart. You won't refuse my aid now, Dainty, will you?' He drew her fondly to him and kissed her. ' No, my dai'lingy' he whisjiered. ' It shall be as you will.' She Eestled still closer in his embrace for a few seconds ; then, raising her head from her shoulder, looked archly up into his face, and murmured — ' Then, if a scrape come3 of it, we shall be both in it.' '? I'es, pet,' he replied, laughing; 'but we'll hope for better luck. It would be a terrible mistake in trying to help one person out of prison to put two in, wouldn't it?' 'Yes. Kiss me once more, Dainty, aad then we will talk business.' ' As Jennie Holdershed withdrew from her lover's embrace she became conscious that a pair of big black eyes had been steadfastly regarding her receat proceedings. Their ?walk had led them to that willow-clothed little pi omoiitory that had been the scene of Jennie's first meeting with Mr. Weaver. Seated ju3t within the fringe of the tree was Nancr. Lovers are usually somewhat disconcerted at tbe discovery o£ an unexpected witness of their caresses. It was, therefore, with soine .what heightened color, and in angry tones, 'that Jennie enquired what she was doing there. ' Looking at you,' replied Nance, stolidly. ' You don't mean to say you have come here for the purpose of watching me ?' said Jennie, sharply. ^''No,' returned Nance, mournfully; 'I was here by chance ; but I saw you in his arms, just as I have seen you often in the vrelL Oh ! Miss Jennie, Miss Jennie,' cried the child, passionately, 'no good can come of it ! He'll bring harm to you, I know he will !' ' Why, Nance, you foolish girl,' interposed Dainty, quickly, ?' 1 love her dearer than my life ! It's not very likely that I should harm her.' Jennie's grey eyes flashed a grateful ac knowledgment of her lover's speech, as she said — ' You dream, Nance.' ' Yes, this dream very often ; and ha3 not . 'the latly' shown it me beside*? He may ' I love you, but he'll be your death all the .j ? same!' ? ' ? i4Cio home, you little croaker,' laughed ' Dainty, as he dropped a shilling into Im- lap, 'You'll dance at our wedding yet.' But the child only shook fctr head mutely a-s she rose and walked awiftly away in the dire. tion ofber home. Ee revii pro^a-j^tioai,'y:u iu fect---! Dainty, and be becaine soint^'i :i silent and iiintuut. in vain Jennie rallied Inm a.to:tt tlit absurdity of paying any att^ution t j the whimsical fancies of ' a half witteJ girl ; though xsanc« waa not that either — s'h.3 dai her inouomania concerning the Lvly o? th* Wishing Well, but the was shrewd c-uoujjh. ua otber eubjects. Dair.ty even trailed himself at l«w owu fotly, but admitted that he could not ivit aw.ty etie idea, that it was a bad atigury for hu enter prise. ' I wonder, Jeniiie, that yon are aot dis mayed at her prophecy,' he ex.Uimad ac last.. ' I !' cried the girl, laughing. 'It would take a good deal to dismay me this afternoon. I am too happy: Besides, think wkat she has promised should her prediction be accom plished. If I am to die it is clasped in your arms, Dainty. I think, dearest, I could meet death thus without much terror. To leave this world with your fcias war.-n upon, my cheek would be to spare me haif the anguhu of the separation.' She was almost idolatrous in her love ; but do you suppose that Dainty thought so ? He bent his lips to hers in answer, and whis pered — ' Better to live, my darling ; 'but shoulifr Nance's ill-omened prophecy prove true, may we die together.' Chapter XXIV.— A Bid foe Liberty. Portland prison has been considerably scandalised this last week — i.e., the ruling powers therein, albeit they can hardly help laughing. That terrible malignant, James Carnoul, is the cause. It maybe remembered that after his esca pade in the quarries Carnoul had been con demned to the ' separates,' or punishment cells. Here, according to custom, he was visited by the governor. Carnoul, crouching bn the floor of his place of confinement, like a wild beast in its lair, received that digni tary's visit with sullen apathy, taking no notice. The warders were shocked at thi* breach of discipline and decorum, and indig nantly explained to Carnoul that etiquette required him to receive the governor's visits standing. He growled inaudibly in response, and the next time the cell was opened for taa governor's inspection, Carnoul stood — but on his head. This was more insulting than ever. Three warders promptly reduced him one* more to a horizontal position, and wrathfully demanded what he meant by his imnudence. But the incorrigible Carnoul only* replied that ' they had told him to stand ; but nobody had said anything about which end lie was t» stand on.' Such stories permeate through a prison i» manner inexplicable, and no one enjoyed the joke more thoroughly than Bill Bhides. The worthy, indeed, felt quite a pang of jealousy shoot through his breast. To a man of hi* vanity there was something irritating in the idea that any one should become the hero off the community in which he dwelt but him self. Mr. Blades ruminates over this subject more than is good for him. He feels that he, too, must do something that shall startle Portland generally. A savage outbreak of Carnoul's usual kind is foreign to his disposi tion, nor do such outbreaks command hi* admiration. But the audacious humor of Caracul's last feat has tickled him mueh. It was a bit of cynical foolery after hia orii heart. The more he muses over these things the more it occurs to Bill Blades that ifc really is incirffil-ent on him to show Portland what a farce their bolts and bars are when attacked by a first-class artist. ' They really believe,' he soliloquizes, 'that these gimcrack arrangements would hold rne if I had made up my mind to go. I do think— yes, I actually do think — that I shall have to show them how very easy Port hind is to get out of. If I happen to come across two or three more essentials I really must have a turn outside, if it's only for a few days.' There are people in this world born under a lucky star. No sooner do they begin to puzzle how to compass what they wish — to sigh because it seems unattainable, then _lo '. it is thrown at their feet. Girls despairing of the achievement of some country ball they have set their heart upon, suddenly get an invitation, and carle blanc/ie for a dreas t» boot. I know one philosopher of this kind ?whom I have often heard say, ' I have no clothes, no money, and no billet, but you will see I shall be there,'— and she usually is. There are men who seldom see their way into grouse-shooting till the laat week in July, but they find their way to capital moors all the same. Mr. Blades was pursuing his accustomed vocations in tbe blacksmith's shop, a couple of days after he had given way to the above reflections, whpn one of the carpentera from, the adjoining establishment brought in a lot of tools to be ground, reset, and repaired. As he handed them over to the warder iu charge there dropped, unnoticed by either of them, a gimlet. This fell clo3e to a small heap of debris and ashes that lay close by the forge at which Blades was at work. He saw it fall, and moving sharply round to that side, with a slight movement of his foot kicked it among the ashes. TJie .carpenter having dis charged himself of his mission duly departed. Blades continued his work tin he saw hia opportunity, when he stooped down, seized bis prize, and concealed it in the garter strap of his knickerbockers. Very elate was that worthy when he re gained his cell in the evening with his booty undiscovered by the warders. Cautiously did he remove a small splinter from the floor ing of his cell, beneath which he kept hi* treasures — the memorable piece of steel, now fitted with a rough, wooned handle, and meta morphosed into a knife keen as a razor, a couple of large nails, and some half-dozen yards of marline. ' Ha !' he said, ' I could do it, I think, with that, but I should like a chisel and an iron hook to make a certainty of it. The gimlet wants a bit doing to, besides.' Then Mr. Blades carefully fitted the splinter in again and brushed the dust ovpi- it, not being satisfied with that performance for some minutes. Brushing it off again, in deed, more than once, and having recourse to a small piece of beeswax that he had in hia poiket, before it quite pleased his critical eye. 'That locks blind_ enough, I think,' he said at last. ' Now, if anyone would make it ?worth my while, I'd have a shy for liberty before many weeks were over. I suppose I'm bound to try it, anyhow. With all those tools, it'd be sinful not to show these duffers what a sham their prison is. There really won't be a deal of credit in breaking out of a place like tbi3. But it don't seem quite busi ness-like there being no swag to be got out of the transaction. 1 should like to do the Governor's house afterwards. But if d be too venturesome — or else to leave Portland with. the Governor's plate ; my eyes, that'd be some thing to talk about I' llr. Blades, in his excessive vanity, a little underrates the difficulties of escaping from the prison, as he may chance to find, should his inordinate self-esteem impel him to try that experiment. Maurice, meanwhile, is receiving constant letters from Dainty. A little irregularity it may be, but stiU they do reach him through. Blades now.every few days. That illustrious burglar, subsidised by continual sticks of tobacco, takes great interest in furthering; this correspondence. Some scheming against the authorities is so congenial to his nature that it would have gone against his grain not to assist in it under any circumstances. But wl en it kept him so bountifully supplied with, cavendish of course he entered into it heart and souL Dainty's letters have of bite gradually dwelt upon the possibility of his brother's escape. He has pointed out that can Maurice once get outside the prison there will be plenty of help awaiting him. In his: last letter he encloses a small but very accurate plan of the island, and tells hint that minute instructions for his guidance will be sent him whenever he can see his way to avail himself of them. Maurice, sick at heart at the dread monotony of his life, turns the idea slowly over in his mind till at last there awakens a feverish longing within him to at all events attempt freedom. But no sooner has he arrived at this con clusion, than Maurice becomes painfully aware of how powerless he is to help himself. To him the bolts and bars of Portland seem insuperable. What is the use of promise of assistance on the outside, when you feel that the getting outside is impossible ? To achieve this of himself, Maurice knows to be hopeless. He must have help from within the walls. His mind naturally reverts to his neighbor^ He recalls the contemptuous way in whica Mr. Blades has spoken of the precautions taken for his security— of how he boasted that he could leave the prison fast enough, if he thought it would conduce to his benefit ia any way. Clearly he must have a talk with lir. Blades the first opportunity, and to.- a lengthed conference of this nature it wad inevitable that he must await the Sunday, s« he contrived in. the course of the \yet-K to let that worthy know he had something im portant to say to him. No sooner were they turned Ioo3e'for the customary hour of license on the ensuing Sab bath than Blades at once joined him. ' I've. had a find this week, mate,' said the burglar with a wink. ' Not a very big thiag, nor jet a very valuable thing, but if they happen to leave oue or two more such abjut in my waj I'm blessed if I shan't ha,-.re to make use'ef 'em. My fingers are always itchiiig to sco what I can dw with tooU when I get hniti of hi' ' VLat did you fii;-l ?' asked Mautiw.* with soit:- curiosity. ??.Nothing joii'ii think i-f much accotoir — «-cj-V- '» ki.- « iiu» Ui ii!-eii wheu jou ^01, ic — Vii-ii'1 i' «ore a yiruiet,' n?-ilieJ iil viej. faceiit-u.-: ? ? I Maurice tert'ii.i; -La uos co.i*i-i-.-r. thit any great acquisition, and Ma look said as much- ? - ' ; *' So, I didn't suppose you'd thinkadealiof v it,' continued Blades, answering'- .the ^.ua spoken comment visible on his ^companion's face. ' But you'll maybe think- more of it a few weeks hence. Now, what's the matter?. ? Out with it quick, for time here is limited as . regards talking and eating, though when it -xnnes to work they're liberal— oh, very— perhaps just a trifle too much so. -They've cal culated to about forty seconds what's the utmost to be pot out of you on the rations as - they stand. Ugh 1 the skinflints !' ' Well,' replied Maurice, ' I want to get out.1' ' Singular that, very,' observed Mr. Blades, meditatively, ' There's fifteen hundred or so here suffering from that identical complaint. I'm quite surprised at your catching it !' ' Don't talk nonsense — you know what I mean. I want to try my hand at an escape.' - ' Try away, toy all means, and if it comes off, Til cheer, if I get seven days in 'the separates' for it. But you're clean mad. You!— why you wouldn't have a ghost of a chance.' 'I know that,' returned Maurice— 'not ? alone ; but you're going with me.' , 'Well, you swells are«ool, Fve been told,' replied the burglar, gazing at bis companion In blank astonishment, ' but blest if ever I heard the likes o' that !' 'Why/' urged Maurice, 'you are always 'bragging that you can go out of this place' -when you like. WTiy should you refuse to take me withyou?' 'OLord!' cried Mr. Blades, 'hold me, somebody ! I'd faint dead, only the barbarians liere bring you round with cold water instead »f brandy, as is the way amongst civilized people.' , , . ' Confound your foolery 1' exclaimed SJaiirice, angrily. ? ' What do you mean V 'Don't talk so loud,' interposed -Blades - quickly. 'I mean this, that, whatever I might think fit to do, I should'nt burden my self with a greenhorn like you in the business.' , . 41 You'd he well paid for it' retorted Maurice, sullenly. 'Hnm!' said Blades,, 'that's another thing. Why could'nt you say- so before V ' Because I didn't think jo£ it,'' 'I shall go off in hystrikes— I know I shall. I've heard— beg pardon— you were a man of business once.' Maurice nodded assent, ' Well, you came to trouble. : It ain't nmch to be wondered at. Didn't you ever find out, - -when yon wanted anything- that the easiest way was to ask whoever had got it to sell what be wanted for it ? It would have saved a deal of time in thepresent instance.' 'Goon,' said Maurice quietly. ?' Exactly,' said Mr. Blades, who was never , lired of hearing his own voice. ' You want- ? to slope from Portland — that's what's the snatter with you. Well, you can't do it on your own hook, no more nor a babby. ? 'Sow, says you, or rather ought to have said, ' Bill, ? any philanthropic pippin, what's your figger iorrestoringjui innocent to his family' ' What will Igoaranteeyou?'saidaiaiirice, - Interrogatively.; ?' Now, really/' said Mr. Blades, depre- ? catingly, and. shaking his head,- ' this ain't business, you know. What's the use of1 your - guaranteeing insidethis pjreciousold combina tion of stone, bars, and timber?' . ? - 'Tell me what. you mean, then,' said. Maurice, impatiently.. ' Pity you aurtgot a quicker head for busi ness,' replied the .burglar. 'Just you sum aip what yon are going to lodge in the hands of a pal of mine at the Cock and Compasses, Charles-street, Drury-lane, before I move a finger. I feel pretty ripe for a burst out myself, and I've got together most -of the tackle needful ; but I ain't ready yet, and. shan't be, probably, for another fortnight.'. If you make it worth my while, we'll go. ' 'What will make it worth your while?' asked Maurice. , 'I fancy anything within : reason I can promise you.' . ' Let me think it over a bit.' And the two paced round and around insilence. -. - ' Listen, now,' said Bladps.at lasfci ' Ks member, I shall run- a heavy risk in- trying to take a greenhorn.like you out with me. All the work will nave to be done by me, because .- I reckon holding the candle will .be about as much as you're good for-r-of course we must SO by night. -You're grit and ; won't flinch ?'? lie exclaimed, suddenly, staringhis companion straight in the face. . . 'Try me,' replied Maurice, simply, and his blue eyes met those of Mr. Blades tin: dauntedly. . ' You'll do,' replied the latter. 'I don't often make a mistake about a fellow. You may be clumsy, but you wonlfc funk. 'Now' he continued,' I'll have two hundred lodged in . London before I start, and know it is there. , .And you shall sign a promissory note : to pay two hundred more within a month, if you get . clean off. Willthatdo f Maurice laughed. - 'What are you grinning at?' enquired .- Blades, testily. ' Is it too much? This child don't do it cheaper, that's alL' ' So, I am laughing at you,' retorted Maurice. : ' You .' count- yourself, a, man of . business. What do. you suppose a. convict's promissory .note is worth *'. .' \- 'Well, I mean ; some - of your -folks shall sign it,' replied the burglar, somewhat chap* fallen at bus egregious mistake. .- . 'I can't of ^course promise you anything' 4311 1 have commuxdeated with-, my friends, said Maurice.- : ' What you want is two hun- ? dred down, and two more witHn a month, if I accomplish my escape.. ?; Blades nodded. ** Very welL -. You say yon are not ready - yet. Continue your preparations, and think I now you mean to- proceed when everything is ; ripe. In the meanwhile I will sec if the money can be found.' ,: 'Look here,?' replied, the burglar,' 'you speak like a gentleman. You've m^de no : haggling about the price, '?? and I've pat it up: pretty stiff. If we deal, and do go, I'll play «n the square withr-you. i 111 not cramp year chance by hampering you with me. = There's ? my hand.' And the two clasped hands. .- ? If Mr. Blades's- last speech, sounds alittle magniloquent, -we. must not do that astute gentleman injustice. ? He .certainly meant to behave honestly to Maurice. He justly sur mised that amateur help would be at Ms. dis posal as soon -as be was outside itae prison, but of amateur assistance Mr. Blades had the most supreme contempt. He judged, in the few minutes that he had for reflection; the. sooner he should disembarrass himself of his companion the better would be his own -chance of escape. And-with an. assurance of ? i two hundred pounds awaiting hkain.London, Mr. Blades felt that recaptuiie i would be ?bitter indeed; True, -he, was aware that:-»o ' one as yet had ever-got' clear away from IJorfcr land; but then,' he argaed-, no one of bis capabilities had ever tried.'? Mere bunglers', - all these predecessors of his, lie -thought. A very diifferentvaffair -£rom the celebrate i Bill Blades making such - an attempt. ? As for ' ,that second two -hundred, well; he never ex pected to see any cf- that,' hut it was just as well to put it in the-bbudi - ' : Had he dreamfrwhat help Maurice was to ? . receive from the outside, and by what ssilled ? ; hands it would lie conducted, ?. lie, would' probably hare made it a txne quo, non that he should share his fortunes. Ceattee XXV. — The Maid of the Mist.. . . The plot thickens ;. w.e are nearing the ^ denouement o£ the drama. Dainty has for mally requested permisy.on to retire from the - army. To a kindly letter from his- colonel ?begging him to think ever it again, he has replied, briefly but courfceouslyi that his' miud ? '«ras thoroughly -made. up— that much as he regretted leaving tlie_ old corps, yet circum stances were imperative. ?' It must he, then, as you wish, wrote his chief in reply. 'You know well, EUerioa, how sorry wershall all 'be to lose- you. - ;If I thought it was a money difficulty, I'd say have - a talk with.nie at all events. bafoie-you decide; . But I feel that it- is .otherwise. -I suppose- 1 . shall best further, your views by. sending on your papers to-the Horse Guards at .once,- and -, will do so. .Anyhow, you will cpaas down, to. say good-bye, and shake'hands with, us befpre you are gazetted out. We shall feel hurt if you don't manage to do that. . It cost Dainty a' pang to answer this letter. - It was soUkethe frank,' ichsery old soldier ?who penned it, with whom Dainty had always . been a special favorite, from the day he joined, . a beardless boy. But his answer, was decided, nevertheless, and lie 'beggedths colonel to put . his horses up for sale, to boot. ? Most men feel a paagaboafc- leaving' their. Ijoii regiment, -, It is a wrench to say adieu . to those with whom you have been living for ; years past on the f ootin«- of a .bro.tker ia that Lintimate canmzodcrie ? that I verily believe is - unknown out of the tsfin professioas ; .to think that you will, jiever muster under the old colors more, .that the ssutrysA tha gate ;Jias saluted you for the- last' iirm. I hare 'seen the tears stand in a sain's eyes at- his 'farewell dhincr, and heai-d Ills voise sliake, as he thanked his old comrades for drinking Iiis Health. Paling sentiment wa.s ic? Woll, :l don't know ; he'd bsea iivc aa-l-t-vanty ?years in the corps, and I supposa bad cou ?txived to keep a heart ssjinan'here, alfchoush :iie had been hardly so successful aboat hia ;:2iair. If it were a thing to laugh at I can -only say there was little indication of that feeling visible ia the faces of even the youngest of those that had met to bid him *'God speed;' and ''poor old buffer, he's awfully cut up,' was the harshest commentary that met my cars upon that occasion. Maurice's letters show that he is now ?thoroughly possessed with the idea of. escape,/ though, as to when, he may see his way into compassing it, he is still utterly vague and indefinite. But Dainty considers that it is *Note — Since this story was penned, I have been informed that a prisoner did actually succeed in making pood his escape from Portland. He -was of 'an orderly tnrn of inind, and returned Iiis convict caj-b. carefully done up in irown paper, to the ' Governor, about a year afterwards, with an mtuai tion that he had no farther nse for it. high time lie made all - hia preparations for assistance, in the hope that his brother ?will -sere -long lind1: himself ' without TjPorl;.: land prison; hV- is weUaware-fchat-help -theft-* must be premptdf dtis to be of vse. Dainty '?: has some some-small difficulty, at the. close -of the yacht ing season^ in hiring -a smart, hun dred and twenty ton schooner. Mora fully ? manned than usual for her size is this vessel of Dainty's, and very eccentric is -her master in the use he makes of. her ; weighing-anchor . and starting upon desultory -cruises at all hours of the day and night, enthusiastic upon sea .fishing,- and strangely persistent, upon trying the West Bay in pursuance of that diversion. The boatmen about- the pier are at first much- astonished at -the- -vagaries - of the Maid -of the Mist. She is always ap pearing and disappearing at most abnormal ? lours. She lies motionless at her anchorage, . just inside the harbor at sunset, not a sign of . life hardly on board of her ; thenextmorning ? she is gone. Has been seen off the Bill; or rumor comes that she is hove-to in the West. Bay. While at other times the . rising sun discovers her unexpectedly, lying once more, again in her old berth, having -come -in silently . and mysteriously during the night. The skipper is a taciturn man, from whom little is to be gleaned, while their crew describe their owner as an eccentric — ' a chap who never seems to know where he wants to ? go, or when he wants to go tber&' But that he is a liberal master all agree ; strict only oq ?one point— to wit, that they must be all ready ? to weigh anchor whenever the whim seizes him. 'It ain't a liberty craft, and that's a fact,' said one of them; 'but we are well paid and found to make up for it.' So, after alittle the Maid of the Mist -flits in and out of Weymouth. Harbor .without exciting much comment. But the year draws.' rapidly to a close. .Yachts have folded their . 'butterfly wings and returned to that chrysalis state in which such pleasure craft .pass., the etormy days of winter andspriug.. .Still does the owner of the Maid keep bis flag flyings - and constantly put' out to Ijoffet with the now often angry channel. - She is a; rarcsear r boat, and makes light of. bad weather; .^He'a a queer customer — our roaster,' mutter the crew; ','btesse4 if theworseitisthebetter,he . don't seem to like it!' And they might1 well.i say so, for Dainty has had. his schooner.out, , in some, of the fierce October gales now Mow-. ; ing, which ordinary -yachtsmen -would have , carefully eschewed. But thea Dainty js not , yachting for pleasure. . . He asked the captain upon .one -of these occasions .whether lie dared ? go through '? the-. Bace,' or try-to run inside .of it* . ? 'God forbid!' answered that, taciturn mariner, curtly. 'She's a real.. good -haa-v .and .will do all one can honestly, ask^her^ .but we'd be swamped in the Race today, and . go to splinters on the Bill,; if we tried to run. - inside.' 'Make for the West Bay, then,-, in your owb way,' replied Dainty. ...' Very seldom did MarkRedmaTj.theskippe*', venture to question his master's orders ; but, upon this occasion, he replied, briefly— -.'? 'It's risking men's lives for, naught. If we j go in there we shall go to pieces, ofl CJicsil ; Beach, as -like as not. You know 'what sort . of a surf's running thereto-day; sir.' 'Put her about,' answered Dainty, and walked forward to enjoy a -good look at the boiling Bace, about a jnile to leeward. . ;? ? T£ Dainty asked these questions it was not . -the questioning o£ a fool. He honestly.' wanted to know what the schooner, could do. : in extremities, and he knew that Mark Sed-* man-was not only a first-elass sailor, but one who knew every inch of that coast, and was ? no shrinker from possible. periL Showhitu! ?the why,- and Redman was' not the man. to 'blench from danger. It was his employer's . whim to yacht in rough weather — good-; ths ' yacht- was a fine sea-boat, well-found- iuid. well-manned,, no great hasm in that. But such-tricks as running through like Bace or,, up the -West Bay with a heavy 'son'-wester-: blowing wassimply juggling withlife for no reason. ' Dainty gets nervously anxious upon., this, point as the season progresses. If his brother is to suoceed in his escape it must be through , . the, assistance of the Maid of the Mist; and - . .though boisterous weather may favor hisout . break- from the prison, thought stormy night may -dJfown the noise ef. -chisel or -file, yet h'ow is -he tp. communicate- ^wjufch .tjie ' island's1 rock - bound shores . under' such ? circumstances. Of course the haven of PortlaDJi ifcself will he utterly debarred him. ? iMen. - of r- war's. ? boats, pickets. , of- soldiery, and the police, .will effectually close anV hope of successful rescue, opt , that side. If Maui-ice istobe got off the island at .ajl, it inust be from some of those creeks or , fissuiieslusedof old by the smuggling -com-: munityj Can a boat approach such in rough weather? In Dainty's judgmenti. certakily not; and yet; when Maurice, is once out. of the prison, every hour -he ' remains .on .the island makes his recapture- more imminent-^-., the proceedings of the Maid of the Mist more, likely to attract attention. When he talk to Jennie on this .subject,' the . -girl lowns .tiiat he .is. right, but she, 'argues : , Kovemiier is usually a much less boisterous, month than October. ' . . ? ?' To succeed, Dainty, '.we. must trust .to ? have some luck, and I. hare great faith in our success.' : ? ' ? . - ? ' Morethan' Sance .would .have, darling,',' replied Dainty, moodily. ^'THatcnild'swhSu-, ^ical fancy that I am destined to- be your de struction haunts 'me. -I wish she had ,kept her prognostications to herself .' ? ** You are foolish/ my own, to i-e upset-by % the fancies of poor half-witted Hanee.. She ' \- would say the same of any one who threatened ?- to take me away ' from- 'Upway, Don't you :know that she regards~me as her good angel, and hates that any one .should pay,' me . ^homage1 bub herself? Tipe,' -added Jennie ! JaugbS^g1,' ' she -was.good enough i-O-raake an- ..exception in' Mr. -Weaver's r case,, bat the ? quick-witted child inew that she ran .no , danger from him..'' :. ',' Well,- Jennie,1 it'has decided me nponjjije. point. .HI- not risk 'your life on board the. Maid. L-did mean- to. -have asked you -to marry me quietly at some one of the adjoin- -, ing villages, and to -have -carried you. off with one when ?thctime came1; now I am. going to. ask you to wait, and trust me 'till I-retum to ; . claim- you. -.Can you do that, dearest?.3 * . -. 'Can I trust you!' returned, .the girl ; proudly as -she reared her head and fastened ? her grand grey «yes oa his. ' You don't un derstand touch-about a-woman's love, Dainty, . , -or you would never ask me such a question. - Do ybu'think when I.'gave my heart.I4idnot give my faith? If: I 'had :not* thovofugh ? ?trust- in- you my love wbuld lie 'shat~ . tered, shivered, this minute.' I.-am yours, '' Dainty^ whenever you think -fit to cpme. ?for tne, and . if -months went, 'by,, and : I never even heard from you, -.no testimony ' should make me think-you'false till;y6ur own J ' hand or your, own -Hps t»ld me that you vp-erc'. ?what: I- can -never think .you.1 I know how -much I am beneath you, bat the mane I love , with'-my whole . soul- would never put such ? misery upon me; ? If he did,' continued the ? girl, bravely, though not without a, quiver in .her voice; 'whatever pain it might cost me, . J would say-i was well rid of idm.' ?- ? -?'Dainty's reply was what may.be.eadly .imagined.' There are episodes in lovemaking concerning which it is well to ? remember -^he' old ato)py oj Apelles, iuid draw a veil over, when. djeseripti©n'fail3-us. * But a whisper did ? fallupQn'Jeimie's ear,- to the- effect that -she . should juever have to repent her firm .faith in the utterer. - Still 'both Trbmen and men have pledged . troth as true lime ont of mind,;andbeen as tho roughly in earnest asthesp ttfo at this minute; andiyetwhafchascompttfit?- DSthere were a cemetery for broken love vows, how oquickly j Iwards -ot health. would have*to interfere with ? the over-stocking of the burialgroufld. - ? ?Dainty goes back to Weymouth 'lighter of ? heart;1 tliere -is soniethmg 'reassuring in Jennie's strong, passionate loye. . That womanly devotion that refuses to believe in' our failure l-s.s been -sweet to most of us in \- our time : has comforted us in our hoars- of depression,, and braced Our nerves to tmce ?more buffet with, the world. The 'Maid of the Mititis more restless than ever— now flujb» teriog her. snowy pinions off the Shambles, ? now stretching away towards the Isle .of Wight; sometimes .folding her wings and bringing up for the night just inside ? the : breakwater, aud anon. -returning to her old resting-place in. W.eyinouth harbor.' Dainty', too, seems more occupied than ever with the ?geological formation of Portland. He is in ' cesaantly exploring that island. He carries, a hammer and a small bag, into whichha now ? and then gi-avely puts a fragment pf rock. He alsp makes numerous notes, it is to foe presumed, upon the same subject. He has received a great stimulus of late. Mava-ifee, in his last ietter, has informed him of Mr.- Blades' requirements, and Dainty has . -promptly replied that the instalment ' of two ? hundred pounds shall be duly paid to any one that worthy may authorise to receive it at the 'Cock aud Compasses,'1 whenever Mr. Blade^ may say that he is readyto act.' ** That's what I call business,' said the burglar when he heard of it. 'You tell your pal as soon as I can light of a hook we are oif. He'd best pay up the minute you give bid the office Fve got it. I must trust you a bit, so I might as well right out. Take your oath the money shall be paid as soou as I say I'm ready; and I won't wait to hear it is so. Ycu see, a hook such as I want is a big thing to run in ; and what's worse, it's a curbed big thing to stow away when you've got it home. ? It ain't easy to hide. These warders are always prying and rummaging about our apartments when we're out-^just like so many London landladies, and I'm rather ucl-fous about their coming on my jewel-case as it-is. Do you twig?' . AJad Mr. Blades gave a wink, aiidmaulged in a grimace which he had acquired at a music-hall at the east end from a popular comic singer. Carefully has Dainty surveyed very crevice and fissure on the west side of the island ; for from that alone does he hold it possible that Maurice can escape. Chesil Beach, with its chain of sentries ; the Castfe-totra'side, with ' its men-of -war boats on the qui five; or the. more;open shingle about Ghurcb Cove, upon - 'which the Custom-house people keep such - je&loaa; eyesj are all alike, he thinks, imprac . . ticablei The west cliffs from their steep and ; abnost unapproachable nature are compara tively neglected ; and yet Dainty thinks, in modei-ate breather, andmore especially should the wind not blow from the south-west that a boat might creep easily inta one of these fis sures, and that with the assistance of a rope or rope ladder a man might easily descend to it. \- He has drawn a plan for his brother's direc ? tion ; he has selected the particular spot that \- he deems most . eligible, and written the fullest parfcicularsthathecan think of regard* ? ing it. He has directed an agent in London to communicate with Mr. Blades' friends; and those mysterious individuals have written ?to their principal that 'the. party he's a doing business with is quite the geutleman, and has lodged one hundred all ready on account.' Mr. Blades' mind is inflamed -at this intel ligence, .Visions of halls of dazzling- light on the Surrey side, of comic songs, of unlimited tobacco, of unstinted- drink, of the society of ladies more free than polished in their dis . course — all these flash across the miud of the burglar. ? A picture.of Elysium, which is, sad to say, {confined by no means to the felonious ' classes ; it is much in vogue under the plausible SdUe;of' seeing life' amongst the youth of lie metropolis. Yes, it is seeing life in one aspect, though . itistobefeared-thafrthosewho so affect it, ? whether on the north or south side of the Thames, don't quite realisethe life at which they Io6k on. The skeleton at the revel is -beyond' their ken. Yet to trace the history of the Reading characters, thereof is as grue some a task as : ever anatomist of -character - set himself down to perform. The lives of ? these '-'great comic3,'how.marvellousl.vahorfc ? they are! And do you think those -of theiv drink-bemused admirers are profitable to follow out? : ? Dainty,f6rmerly so cool and hnpurturbable, ?waxes nervous and. irritable under this mental .^ train, j He seems to lack the stuff of which ?? =conspu:atorsaTe^made-^that calm, equable 'teniperament that . ? nothing daunts, ?. that ? ' no'tjiiug huniesu. Many a promising revolu tion has been wrecked because some one of ? the leaders. could bear to wait no longer* ' Fortunately/ in this case, the initiative must be takeji by Bill Blades, and -that illustrious^ burgfe.il has; been used to wait, like a, Sioux 'Indian Ion the war-path, for the accomplish iiient of his purpose. ? There is -no fear that he will iisk failure by precipitation ; and yet, ? !whenthe time for action comes, Mr. Blades ' is usually prompt and resolute. ?? * -Dainty;falso, wfllprobably-beioool1 'enough* and quick^of action when- the' di-am'i begins,' but this ataadous expectation of the rising of the cnitain it is that frets Mm. It is -not the being, under fire, it is the getting there 'that ?is the great strain on the nerves of the recruit. ? When the first shot or two begin to tell,ithen . is )he iuost thrijuing time of the battle. You * are nptjyet wai-m to the work, the fierce lust .©fjfcavnage has not yet leavened yonr soul ;:. youT;fcoiurades begin to drop sparsely at first, -then; a trifle quicker,, and ,apparantly ; f ropi iall but invisible - causes. But as;you ;close up, aud the worses lie thick1 and ; goi*y,-the blood is in. your nostrils,- 'the savor ?of the Etiife 'makes your pulses- bound ; the ?savage desire to kill possesses you; the thirst for -your fellow, men'^ lives, maddens you;. ? little you reck who falls by .your side then. 'You scarfce pause. t« look as ypu presson, always ion, till -either you stojc breathless, flashed 'and- victorious; or repl back with tbe crushed, ,'brokenj despairing sensation o£ defeat, i . , (To be conlinuedt). . 