THE HAUNTED CHAMBER. A room in the principal inn of a country town had the reputation of being haunted. Nobody would sleep in it, and it was there fore shut up ; but it so happened that at an ©lection the inu was chock full, and there was only the haunted room unoccupied. A gentleman's gamekeeper came to the inn, exceedingly fatigued by a long journey, and wanted a bed. Se was informed that un less he chose to occupy the haunted room he must seek a bed elsewhere. ' Haunted I' exclaimed he ; ' stuff and noaesense : ill sleep in it. Ghost or demon, Til have a look what haunts it.' Accordingly, after fortify ing himself with a pipe and tankard, he took up his quarters in the haunted chamber, and retired to rest. He had not lain down many minutes when the bed shook under him most fearfully. He sprang out of bed struck a light (for he had taken the precaution to place a box of lucifer matches by hia bedside) and made a careful examination of the room, but could discover nothing. The courageous fellow would not return to bed, but re mained watching for some time. Presently he saw the bed ahake violently ; the floor was firm ; nothing moved but the bed. Determined, if possible, to find out tho cause of the bedqnake, he looked in the bed, under the bed, and near the bed, and not seeing anything to account for the shaking, which every now and then seemed to seize on the bed, he at last pulled it from the wall. Then the ' murder came out.' The signboard of the inn was fastened to the outer wall by a nut and screw, which cauie through to the back of the bed, and wheu the wind swung the egin board to and fro the movement was communicated to the bed, causing it to shake in the most violent manner. The gamekeeper, delighted at having hunted up the ghost, informed the landlord the next morning of the nature of his earthly visitor, and was handsomely re warded for rendering a room hitherto unless now quite serviceable. Friday's Ararat Advertiser says that a clue has at last been obtained by the police to the Deep Lead murder, a man having been arrested yesterday on suspicion of having committed the crime. The headless trunk is now supposed to be the remains of a man named Forbes, who answers the des cription and for some time has been missing. He had been working in the Wimmera dis trict in the vicinity of Murtoa and Rupan yup, and was last seen in Stawell, in com pany and drinking with a man named Robert Francis Burns. Information was obtained by the police that a watch had been pawned by Bums at Sonneberg's, at Stawell, and this it is supposed is the pro perty of the murdered man. Yesterday Constable Mulaney, assisted by Detective Forster, arrested Butob, and he was charged with the offence and remanded for a week. Forbes is well- known, and Burns, who has been working at Rupanyup, is known at Stawell, where his wife and family reside. Burns was lodged in the Ararat Gaol last night. The Leeds Mercury tells how the late Mr. Poole, the eminent tailor, was walking on the pier at Brighton one morning, when he was accosted by a certain noble lord who honored him with his patronage. ' Good morning Mr. Poole,' said the peer. ' Good morning, my loid,' replied the tailor, who then passed on. ' Stay, Mr. Poole ; I wanted to ehow you this coat,' cried the aristocrat. ' It doesn't fit me at all.' Mr. Poole was & gentleman of ready wit. He stopped: looked carefully at the coat, then, drawing a piece of chalk from his pocket, said : ' Your lordship is right ; the coat wants to be taken in here, and let out here, and shortened here, and just a little bit lengthened here' ; and at each ' here' he made a heavy chalk mark. 'Now, my lord,' he continued, as he saw that a crowd of wondering idlers had gathered round them, ' If you wiil just take that coat up to London, marked as it is, my manager will see that it is altered to your satisfac tion.' His lordship did not again commit the impertinence of giving Mr. Poole in structions on the pier at Brighton. Halfway between Tonga and new Zea land lies Sunday Isle. It is a volcanic rock mass, 1,600 feet in height, and about four miles in diameter. It is exceedingly fertile, but steam rises from all the crevices of the rocks, and the people have. only to scrape a hole in the ground and therein place their food that it may be baked in nature's own oven. At one time there were a good many settlers in this warm corner, but in an evil day a Peruvian slave-ship touched here, and landed 200 poor creatures, captured-in all parts of the Pacific. Typhoid fever had broken oat among them; so they were thrown ashore to die, which they did, and most of the settlers ehared their fate. The others left the island on the first oppor tunity, leaving only one white man and a Samoan wife and a dusky brood. These lived on in peace and plenty for about 10 years, when suddenly the little fresh-water lake began to boil furiously, and from its midst a fountain of fire shot high in air. Happily this mighty rocket served as a signal of distress, for a passing vessel de scried the fiery column and came to in vestigate, greatly to the relief of the Crusoe family, who were taken on board and for ever abandoned their home. — A Lady's Cruise in a French Man-of-War. 