SPORTING NEWS. BALLARAT DISTRICT HUNTCLUB RACES. Judge—Mr A. M, Greenfield. Stewards— Dr Hudson, Dr Pinnock, Mr A. T. Chirnside, Mr L. M. Calvert, Mr George Russell, Mr W. T. Jones, Mr Robert Orr. Starter—Mr Stephen Holgate. :: Hon- secretary—Mr Agar Wynne. The second meeting under the auspices of the Billarat Hunt Club was held yesterday at the Dowling Forest racecourse., iThe. weather, was rather threatening during the early part of,the day, a circumstance which ,doubtless deterred a large number of people from putting in an appearance on . the'course at Dowling Forest. The day was cool and pleasant, and as no rain fell the outing was greatly enjoyed by. those who bad the courage to leave town for r journey of a few- miles. By far the greater number travelled by . train to the course, but there were many who preferred .the; road , to - the railway. Several . special trains were despatched up till: 2, o’clock from' tho western railway station, all of . which were well freighted with passengers; and- more, especially those: leaving after ,12 ; o’clock. ,The roads, were lined with vehicles of various descriptions from the two-wheeled farmer’s dray to-the more stylish equipages of well to do citizens. Notice-, able amongst these was'Mr Osborne’s four-in hand drag, driven by the owner himself; and in which were Mr Martin Loughlin, J.P., and a party of ladies and gentlemen. There.were many other well appointed vehicles to be seen along the road. The attendance at the course In the afternoon was comparatively small, and the number of people present could not have, exceeded . 2500. A largo bevy of ladies, • however, put In an appearance, and many elegant toilettes were noticeable on the* lawn at the promenade which took, place,at the. intervals between the races. The country surrounding the racecourse, at this time of the year, is to be seen at its best, the ground being, clothed with, grass’of the brightest emerald. The lawn- was much frequented,* the majority of the fair sex preferring a little gentle exercise to freezing in their seats. .The extremely band some prizes presented ; for competition by various gentlemen, were set out on a table in front of the grand stand, and ware viewed by. numbers who greatly admired the beauty of designs' of the cups, the bracelet, and the locket. In the saddling paddock, and on the right of the stand: a large num-: her of *‘metallicians M drove a ; good business while the shilling paddock wag frequented .by several . of the lower order of professionals. After the second race had been run, Mr Agar Wynne, the hon. secretary of the Turf. Club,' exercised his noted hospitality, and in-, .vited the members of the club, and a large number of ladies hud gentlemen, to partake of luncheon in the carriage paddock. The cater l ing had been entrusted to Mr Walker, who provided a really excellent. luncheon. Mr Wynne assumed the part of host with, his accustomed affability, and, haviug to please over 200 guests, it will doubtless be no small plcsaure for bim to know that bis hospitality was praised on every band. , The luncheon, as announced, was al fresco, and there are, doubtless, none, who enjoyed it less {rum the fact that for a seat there was nothing but a carpet of green, velvety grass, and. that laps were substituted for tables, and boxes and forms for cushioned chairs. Doubtless one of the most interesting items on the day’s programme, was the presentation of the prizes to the successful owners, which came off after the Hunt Club Cup race had been run. The affair took place in front of the grandstand, and a large number assembled to witness it. Mrs G. G. Horton.-in a few neat terms, presented Mr J. M’Kellar, the owner of Kathleen, with the' Labona gold enp, a trophy very beautiful in its design. Mr M‘Kellsir, in responding, expressed the plea sure he felt in having won the cup, and stated he was pleased to see that the people of Ballarat took such an interest -in these races. He hoped again to have the pleasure of entering his horses in the Ballarat races. Mr Martin Loughlin’s gift of a beautiful bracelet was then presented to Mrs S. Holgate, on behalf of Mrs J. Coldham, by Mrs, J. 0. Inglis. Mrs Pinnock, in choice terms, made the presentation to Mrs Thomas Maun of the handsome gold locket, the gift of Dr Pinnock, to the nominator of* the second horse in the Ladies’ Bracelet. Mr Ben Hepburn’s gold cup was presented on behalf of that gentleman (now in Europe) by Mr James Orr to Mr Robert Orr, owner of Clansman, the winner of the Hunt Club Cup. Mr Orr made a char* acteristic speech, expressing the pride be. experienced at having won the Cup in such good company. After further pertinent re marks he stated that his experience of racing many years ago was riding for other men, bus now his pleasure chiefly lay in bringing forward horses for others to mount. The recipients of the prizes were very heartily cheered by the assemblage during the proceedings. Mr Agar Wynne subsequently promised a trophy, value 50 guineas, to be contested next year, and Mr J. M'Kellar also stated he would give £5O for the purchase of another trophy. Each announcement was received with b*arty cheers. With regard to the racing, it was of an excel lent description from first to last. Unfortu nately there were several rather severe falls during the day, the moat alarming being that which took place in the Maiden Steeple. The horses were taking the stone wall coming round the turn, and it bad been negotiated safely by the three leading horses, Spring, Baby, and Tom Thumb. Kathleen was the next to rise to the wall, but struck heavily and fell. Dundas and Terlo were close behind and can nonading agdnst Kathleen the three horses were immediately on the ground together. The riders of Dundas and Terlo rose to their feet, but Kathleen’s Jockey, George Wilson, l»y on the ground as if dead. One of the horses (some say it was bis own and others Dundas) rolled completely over the unfortunate young fellow, crushing him fearfully. The injured jockey was at once taken to the residence of his father, MrThos. Wilson, the well-known trainer. Drs Pinnock and Ochiltree attended bim, when it was ascertained that the region of the lungs bad been severely crushed, and his case is regarded as almost hopeless. J.Scobie, who rude Dundas, and King, the rider of Terlo, were somewhat nhaken only. In the Hunt Club Cup, Mr Hunt, rider of Chippenham, was thrown twice, but received nothing worse than a shaking in each case. The Labona Handicap Hurdle Race was won by Kathleen, and the Ladies’ Bracelet by Constellation. The latter race proved to be a complete “twister” for the majority of betting men, by whom Britisher was most fancied from bis previous performances, in New South Wales. The Sydney burse, us a fact, never bad a leg in the race, although seemingly rather severely punished, and Con stellation won the Bracelet bands down. The Hunt Club Cup was won by Clansman. The second horse, Chimney Sweep, had rather bard luck when entering the straight, in the run home, or a different tale might have been told Chippenham, too, from whom much was expected, came to grief at two fences in succession, and, therefore, spoilt his chances of a win. The Maiden Steeples was a chapter of accidents resulting in Spring landing a winner with Baby second. The Selling Steeples, which brought the meeting to a close, was one of the beet contested events of the day, Fire King and Gold Top fighting hard for a race which resulted in a win for the former. Fire King was sold to Mr G. R. Rippon, of Hamilton, for £6O. Tke stewards and officers, including Mr Agar Wynne and Mr Wm. Buhlert, worked very hard during the day, and to their efforts undoubtedly, is due the great success of the day’s racing. The following are the detailed accounts of the running:— Labona Handicap Hubdle Race, for a trophy value 50 sovs., the gift of Mr G. G. Morton, Labona. Ridden by gentlemen riders, as in the Hunt Club Cup. About one mile and a half. Mr J. M ‘Kellar’s b m Kathleen, 5 yrs, list 71b (Mr A. A. D. Dyke, 4lb over) ... ,1 Mr D/ Forster’s g g Cavalier, aged, lOst 7lb (Mr A. Wynne, 41b over) ... .. 2 Mr W. Rogers’b g General Jackson, 6 yrs, 1 list (Mr R. Hunt) ' ... ... .1. 3 Mr. A. S. Chirnsido’s bl g Blue Peter, 6 yrs, : 12st (Mr T. Watson, 2Mb over) ..i' ... 0 Mr D..Forster’s b g Dizzy, 4 yrs, list 61b (Mr M. O’Connor) . ; ... ... 0 Mr H. E. Summer’s b g Goldfindcr, 6 yrs, list 41b (Mr R. M‘Rao, lO.jlb over) . ... 0 Mr J. O. Inplifv b g Terlo (late Green Wattle), aged, lOst 121 b (owner).., 0 Buzzi, Fusilier, and Noorong were scratched. Betting—7 to 1 agab Blue Peter, 3 to 1 agat Cavalier, 4 to I agst Kathleen. The field of seven horses went off to n splendid start, all racing together for a short distance. D zzy was the first to pultout and show to the front, and was followed by Kathleen second and Cavalier third; the others coming in a bunch behind. Leading out of the t straigbt the earn order was maintained, and going down the bil Dizzy led, with .'Kathleen and Terlo well up. At the back of the course Blue Peter took up .third running, all J the- horses jumping the fences in. grapd style. .Taking ;tljo home, turn Kathleen, who was capitally ridden by Mr Dyke, challenged the leader; Blue Peter also coming out and Terlo drop ping away behind, Goldfiuder tailing off last. The final hurdle but one was taken in the following order : —Kathleen, Dizzy, Blao Peter, General Jacksoa, Cavelier, Qoldfinder,' and.Torlo. Blu9 Peter then challeniced Kath leen, and Cavalter,>oleverly handled by hia - rider, Mr Wynne, came: up at ai rattling pace. General Jackson, splendidly handled by Mr Hunt, came up in fine style between the lost two jumps. ; Kathleen and General Jackson took the last jump together, with 'Cavalier' close up and Dizzy fourth. Blue Peter dropping nway to the rear. After passing the last jump Kathleen was called upon'by rider, and passed . the poet-a winner by four lengths,' with Cavalier second, and General Jackson a good third Time, 3 inin. I*4sec.* Ladies* Bracelet, the gift of Mr Martin Lough • v lin to the winner; and a gold locket, valuolO guineas, the cift of Dr Piunock. to the second .horae,. A flat race handicap. One mile. ■? Mrs Johu.Coldham’s Constellation, 6 yrs; 7st 2lb(T. Thornton) • ... . 1. Mrs Thomas Mann’s Britisher, 4 vrs. 7st lllb ' (W. Murphv)... x 2 Mrs J, 0, Inghs’ Buzza, 5 yrs, 7st 31b, (P. * M’Gowan 3 The Ghost, Goodwood, Cassiopeia, and The* Ayah were scratched, and Squireen; Gratis, and Havelock did not weigh dut. Betting— -3 to 1 on Britisher, 5 to 1 agst Cunstella*- tion,.4 to I agst Buzz*. - Britisher was made a strong favourite'for this race, and it was regarded for him almost as a gift. Constellation went away with the lead at the start, which she very soon increased to about three/lengths ahead of Britisher, with Buzza last,. Coming np the rise'Britisher diminished the distance slightly; but ; Constellation' was called upon by her jockey, and maintained her • lead. At the back of the course about the same dis tance separated the three horses, still keeping the same order. Britisher -was put under whip and spar near the ligbtwoods, but failed to reach Constellation, Britisher - was still under punishment entering the straight,mid Buzza was a long distance behind. Constella tion came in au easy winner, after having maintained the leading, position throughout the race, tbb others coming in in the same order. Time, Ballarat Hunt Club Cup.—A gold cup, value -100 govs., the gift of Mr Benjamin Hepburn; with a sweepstakes of 2 sova. to second horse.- A handicap steeplechase for hona f.de hunters that have been hunted at least five ■ times with any. recognised pack of hounds; to ho_certified to by the. Master of. the- pack • with whom hunted. To bo riddea by gen tlemen riders, members or honorary members of the Ballarat Hunt Club, or members of any recognised hunt club approved by stewards. About 3 miles. • MrR. Orr’s h g Clansman, aged, 12sb 81b .(Mr T. Watson) v .... ... ... 1 MrR. King-Hall’s big Chimnoy Swoop, aped, . ' 12-t4lb(Mr M. O’Connor) ... . ... 2 Mr 0. F. W. Palmer’s big Sparkle, aged, 12st . 131 b (Mr R. MUlie). ... ... 3 Mr W. H. Corayn’a gg Gaffer Grey, aged, 12st Sib (Mr'A. A: D. Dyke) ... ... 0 Dr. W; A. Bradford’s gg Chippenham, aged, 12st6Ib (Mr Hunt) ... ... ... 0 Mr S. Holgate’s Bon Accord, aged, 12at 41b (Mr-Blkht) v,..> ... ... ... 0 Mr C. W. Sinclair’s St. Thomas, aged, list. 7ib(owner) ... ... ... 0 Barcoo, Cbanak, Euclid, Marquis, Dundas, Alhambra, Speculation, Highlander, Blue Bonnet,. and Quick Step were scratched. Betting—s to 4 agst Clansman, 4to 1 Chip* peniiam, 6 to 1 Bon Accord. Seven horses faced the starting post, and the field was sent away to a good start. 800 Accord soon took uu the lead, followed by Sparkle and' Clans man, Chimney Sweep being last. The fence at the turn was taken by Sparkle, Clansman and Gaff**r Grey in the order named. Sparkle was leading strong after the jump, with St. Thomas going up. The second fence was first negotiated by Sparkle, with Clansman second. Gaffer Grey declining the jump and going off the course for a time, 800 Accord' took up third position. A few changes then took place for second and third places, Sparkle maintaining the lead oyer the third fence with 6<m Accord and Clansman close together and in the order named. Sparkle struck the top rail, carrying it away with her. At the back of the course -Sparkle fell back to the fourth position, and Clansman, Chippenham, and Bon Accord took up the running. At the far turn this order was still maintained, excepting Chippen ham, who fell into the rear. At the jump approaching the Ughtwoods Bon Accord struck heavily, and came down,: throwing his rider, Mr Blight, but, fortunately, he sustained do seriou* injury. The horse bolted, and not being caught in time was thus thrown out of the race. At the turn just before entering the straight Clansman still had a strong lead, with Chippenham second and Chimney Sweep, who bad been steadily improving bis ground, third, and Sparkle fourth, the others being far in the rear. . The stone wall was taken in the 'same order, also the first hedge. St. Thomas taking up fifth position. Gaffer Grey here came into view a long way behind, jumping awkwardly. - Lead ing out of the straight a similar order . was ’ maintained until at the back of the course when Chippenham commenced to close with Sparkle, and a good race between the two ensued. A few exchanges took place result ing in Chippenham taking the lead for a brief period. At the fence near the ligbtwoods, Chippenham came to grief, but bis rider was soon remounted, and in the race again. Chippenham, however, again came down at the last fence, and his rider, Mr Hunt, lay. stunned for a few minutes. Clansman was then allowed to race home an easy winner. Sparkle was allowed to come up, but baulked at the last fence, and Chimney Sweep raced in second, with Sparkle third, Gaffer Grey fourth, all a long distance to the rear. Time, 7 min. 40 sec. The Maiden Handicap Steeplechase, for a piece of plate value 50 sow. (or specie) the gift of two members of the Hunt Club, and 50 sovs added by club. About 2 miles. Mr R. Orr’s b g Spring, 6 yrs, list I2lb (T. Corrigan) ... ' ... ... ... 1 Mr A. S. Chirnside’a g g Baby, aged, list, (P. Hill) ...‘ ... .. ... 2 Mr Agar Wynne’s b g Tom Thumb, aged, 9st 71b (M. Carey) ... ... ... 0 Mr J. M'Kellar’s b m Kathleen, 5 yrs, lOsb 81b (G. Wilson) 0 Mr Geo. Russell’s b g Euclid, aged, 10st 41b, (Uose) ... ... ... ... 0 Mr J. O. Inglis* b g Terlo (lato Green Wattle), aged, lOst 41b (J. King) ... 0 Mr S. Holgate’s b g Dundas, aged, lOst 21b (J. Scobic) ... ... ... ... 0 Larrikin was scratched. Betting, 5 to 4 Spring, 4to 1 agst any other. A capital start was effected, and Spring at once went to the front, with Euclid and Kathleen close behind. Spring was well held by the master band of hie rider, and Euclid consequently got a email lead. The stone-wall, however, was taken first by Spring, followed by Euclid, who was close up. Kathleen was some distance to the rear, in - company with Yerlo and Dundas, while Tom Thumb and Baby, in company, brought up the rear. The stone wall was the scene of the great disaster of the day. Kithleen, io going over, struck the wall, and fell on the other side. Terlo and Dundas, who were coming up with a rush, cannoned with terrific violence against her, and the three horses thus coming into violent contact, were soon a confused heap. The riders of Terlo and Dundas were immediately on their feet, apparently . not seriously injured. George Wilson, the rider of Kathleen, however, lay on the ground in a state of unconsciousness, and was subse quently removed to his father’s bouse at the rear of the course. There he was examined by Drs Pinnock and Ochiltree, and found to be very seriously injured. At the hedge next to where this catastrophe took pLce, Euclid struck the top, and stumbling, threw bis rider heavily, who fortunately received no serious injury. Spring, Baby, and Tom Thumb were thus the only horaea-in the race. Spring had a strong lead and appeared altogether too good Baby. Tom Thumb ran gamely, and it was evident that, bar accidents, he would push the favourite hard.' Just ns bis chances seemed the rosiest, he came down at the log wall, and threw bjs rider, Carey, who was stunned and not able to rise tor some time. Spring then came' in an eway winner with Baby second, after a race that for accidents has not been equalled on the Dowling Forest racecourse for many' years. Time—4 min 54 sec: --■ ** Selling Steeplechase, of 30 so vs. Winner to he sold for 100 sovs: One mile and a half. . 71b.allowed forevery £25 reduction. • Mr L. Watts*.brg Fire King, aged (to be sold for. £4O), list slb (Ross) ... _ ... . 1 MrH. E. Summers’Goldiop, 5 yrs. (nil), 9st . 131 b (Godfrey). .. . ... ’ ... • ... 2 Mr Agar Wynne’s ch m Blue Bonnet, aged . (to be sold for £2O), lOst 91b (Koating)'..: r 0 Dundas and Fred were scratched. Butting —Even on Fire King. A good start was effected,'Goldtop being the first to show to the front, and the first jump was negotiated in the following order:—Goldtop, Fire King, Blue Bonnet. Very little alteration in the positions took place until at the far back of the course, when Fire King went to the front, and Blue Bonnet dropped further astern. From this out Fire King led, all the horses jumping well, and came in an easy-winner,* with Blue Ronneta bad third. Time, 4 min. 2 sec.- -The winner was subsequently sold to Mr G. R.j Rippon, of Hamilton, for £6O. 