THE ASCENDING LORD. JAN. 7.—AFTERNOON. Reading, Acts i. 1-14. Golden Text, Paalm lxviii. 18, INTRODUCTION.—Axithor of this book before us, Luke the Evangelist; intended as continuation of his Gospel, dedicated to the same person (eomp. Acts i. 1; Luke i 3), written probably at Rome. A.D. 63, when Luke was the companion and comforter of the imprisoned Paul (2 Tim. iv. 11). The verses of our lesson contain reference to the life of Christ on earth (vers. 1-3); relate His ascension to heaven (vers. 4-9), and contain promise of His return (vers. 10,11 J. Divide the subject therefore:— I.—THE ITFE OF TIIE LOED JESUS ON EARTH. Luke speaks here of wliat Christ did and taught. This has been our study during the past year. Recall leading features of that glorious life,—the model life:—a life consecrated to God and to the service of man—a life of perfect love and self-forgetfulness—brave, grand, pure, noble—an example to the world through till time; revelation to lis of what God is; a promise of what God means us all to become. The mighty influence of His life upon the world. How it has moulded the minds of men, swayed their actions, ennobled their existence. Thank God that it was ever-lived and that the record of it has come down to us. Special allusion here to our Lord's last days on earth. He was " about His Father's business" to the end. Elicit from scholars the known incidents of the " forty days." Enforce lesson that God wishes our lives to be like Christ's, that we are to follow in His steps, and that we are only Christians so far as we do this. Saying " Lord, Lord," is not religion—there must be the daily, hourly striving to do God's will. " If any man have not the Spirit- of Christ, he is none of His." II.—THE ASCENSION OF THE LOED JESUS TO IIEAYEN. •Vers 4-9. His great word done His bodily presence here no longer needed, the Father recalled His Son to heaven, where other work awaited Him. Before He goes He repeats to His disciples—(1) His promise; (2) His command. (1) He would not leave them comfortless, but would send His Spirit to fill them with power, and enable them to do the mighty work of winning the world for Him. (2) They were to wait, at the appointed place, in faith and patience, till the gift was sent. How much they needed the gift is seen from their ignorant question (ver. 6). Picture the little band of disciples gathered round their Master in some green, retired hollow on the eastern side of Olivet, near Bethany; their reverent love; their foreboding fear of losing Him; their passionate yearning to keep Him; His parting blessing; His last loving look; and His gradual and majestic ascension and disappearance. Hard as it seemed, He had told them it was best for Him to go away. If He stayed, His bodily presence would be a hindrance, and His power of help necessarily limited. Now He was going to be the Great Intercessor and Mighty Helper of men at the right hand of God. Lot scholars find parages Rom. viii. 34; Heb. vii. 25; is. 24; iv. 14-16; 1 John ii. 1, 2; and repeat Golden Text. LESSON.—By His life, Christ taught us ho>r to live, by His ascension and consequent gift of the Holy Ghost, He gives us potrrr to live this life. So that now every one knows, by the life of Christ, what is right and noble; is delivered by the death of Christ from his *tn, and its conseqnences; and by the gift of the Holy Spirit is able fro do what is right, and obey the will of God. These gifts are for mlt, "even the rebellioustheivfojv no excuse romain.« for any to go on in *iti. Press this point Igpme, and conclude by the reminder:— Ml.—HIE LOBD Jtsrs IS COMING BACK AtiAIX TO KAVTO. Ver*. 10,11.—Brad al*o I The**, IT. 16-18; 2 Theas. i. 7,8; Ber. i. 7. The assets told thu to the dbeiple* to comfort then, and it t» a comfort to all who Ur Je*u*. "Con*. Lord Jwiu, come quickly," i< their prater. I» lib coming our hope, comfort", anil fej* 1* CUri*t to us our dmmt Friend « W faer «<• Voat to «*, *Ue prcwiMi in our heart* even mm make* u« (•tail ? Or dor* the thought of it fill a* with fnr u*d dumat ! lit* covuag ** hw, the time Bska»«t, awl the result* to w of the mlitt powtMr importukv. To be quite ready to Meeft Christ »• the hipfwit rfatr a MMrabrk T«WKM*di,tW«MMM<liMet foefeh. twww'w "to Weef tKy God.™ "T^f, if will! lew nb tuiee. harden not nu ktit" l\ Ptwuta. 