IRovelist! GR I T. A Story of tho Past and Prosont ; of Ordl . nary men and Ordinary' things, In Ordl narv lans^uaero. BY DONALD CAMERON. . ' AUTIlon OK 'IN TIIE l'OLDS OF TIIB SERrENT,' ' SILVEllWATEn BEND,' ETC. ' Be suro thy sin will find tlieo out.' It is n beautiful bclicl : That ever round our head Aro hovering on angel wings, Tho spirits of the (lead. ? ' CHAPTER V. — (continued). 'Then you won't (lo it again,' said Jack; and lio lot out his fist, and, with one blow, \- considerably damaged Obadiali's long sancti . monious nose. Another hit decidedly inter fered, with Obadiali's optical powers. Hhat worthy did not make much of an attempt to rejoin; he did wildly flourish his hands in, a clawing fashion at first, but the second blow made him think a masterly retreat expedient, and away ho ran, Willi Spot at his heels. There was a little middle a bit ahead, and into this, in his blind fright, Obadiah fell, emerging covered with mud. , But his terror would not allow him to stop, and away ho scudded, while Jack and Bertha fairly laughed until the tears , ran from their eyes. Perhaps, had they seen Obadiah's cvilface when he waS) a safe distance oil, they might have felt inclined to_ fear ' instead of laughing. ' Bertha explained to Jack that she had come out to bring home the two goats her mother kept when tlie storm begau to gather, and that she had met with Obadiah, who' had began to tease limy and tried to snatch a kiss. Jack helped /.Bagfeehomo with the goats, which was an i^SJiiattcr, as Spot hnd Lassy took cliargo dfj&fflcm;, glad of once more having charge^Vjpmetliing, although Lassy Was a littlo jealous of Spot, and. showed her teeth ; once or twice when he became too officious. . ' Night had gathered when they got to Bertha's place, and already drops, forerunners of tlie great storm, began to fall. Jack hurried home. , It was all-in 'darkness. ' He found his mother lying on the bed, moaning. When he came up, she folded him to her breast, and began to weep bitterly. 'Jack, dear Jack,' she said plaintively; no s _ oeen Home and beat me. I went to take liim away from the meeting, and he was cross. But I wa3 wroiuj at tho time. You know, Jack.' You know ! Poor Janet, what meaning she threw into these simple words. Jack's heart beat fast, and tho blood of early manhood rushed through his veins. He almost felt strong enough to punish the man who had dared to raise his hand to his mother. ..What if she had erred, was she. not his mother ? Tears, indignant tears, came into his eyes, and he w'ept bitterly. 'God bless you, Jack; God bless you,' said tho poor woman. 'Oh! how I have gone astray — how I have gone astray ! Was this what my mother taught me, Jack? . No, no, no.' And she moaned in a manner that went straight to the boy's heart. Ho grieved to see her take on so. ? ' ' Cheer up, dear mother ; cheer up,' lio said... 'I'm strong enough now, and Pll work for you very hard, and you can leave that man.' i . But slio sligok her head, and moaned. Tlio thunder now began to roar, tho lightning to tear across the gloomy heavens, and tho wind to moan around the dwelling. Then came tho deluge of rain, pouring down as if from an ocean overhead. And in that terrible, storm tho mother and son sat together. ; ? . ? ? At last a lull came. Jack stepped to the door, and looked out. Tho 1 clouds were scudding away, and hero and there patches of blue sky were to be seen. The moon, which was in her last quarter, occasionally peeped out to reveal a sodden world, and a great flood of yellow waters tumbling down Gritty Gully, overturning iu it3 wrath all that man had done there. ? ? ' I'll go out, mother,' said Jack. ' I want .to see what damage tlio flood's done. ' Look' at all the 'men gathered about to savo their claims. It's vory exciting.' ' ' Jack,' said x'oor Janet, ' forgive your poor mother for what she's done. I have been so bad, so bad. Good, Lord, look down from heaven and pity me. 01 mother, mother, i£ you saw me now 1' ' ' Don't tako on so, dear mother,' said Jack. ' I'll' bo back soon.' 'If .you never see mo again, don't forget '? your mother,' said Janet. ' Jack; if I1 die, I will come back and watch over you. I have not done what is right, and I must watch over you, dear Jack.' ' l)on't talk of dying,- dear mother,' said the boy. ' All will be right in time.' 1 By the pale light of the moon Jack saw his: mother's ' face. It was ghastly, drawn in with mental agony, and tlio largo eyes were very mournful. Ho felt his heart breaking. Sho kissed him passionately, and folded him to her breast. Then Jack went out. Ho nover saw her alive again. ' ? . ... . CHAPTER VI. IIbw glad Jack'- felt when lie got out into the freshened air. Youth is always buoyant and desires to shako off melancholy feelings. Jack did feel troubled about his mother ; but then lie had been accustomed to these scenes,; and lie felt sure that it would all. blow over as usUal., Still tho ' terrible face lie .had juBt secil haunted his mind, and aroso every now and then lilco a.Bpectrc;from the, dead. Tho life and bustlo around Jack, however, soon dissipated all suclijthoughts. Men hurried too and fro, in Gritty Gully, trying , to ' ascertain the damage done by tlio waters . which still tumbled down, foaming and roaring. Those . who had .claims in the bed of the creek looked particularly, rueful ; but tho generality of tho diggers wore heartily glad, for thero would bo' plenty of water to wash tho dirt. 'Thoy were all agreed on ono thing — that tho ovont . should be cele brated with Bomoliquor'., Those whose claims had been swamped, declared tliey must have something to raiso their spirits; whilo those who had dry olaims, and looked .forward to being able to rapidly reduce their heaps of waslidirt to piles of gold dust, ' shouted' energetically. Tliereforo, tho landlords reaped quite a harvest. Tho principal street was swamped in water, it is true; but, sinco tliero woro so many people ready to keep it out by imbibing brandy, what about that? So all the hotels remained open, displaying as much light as tlioy possibly could in those godless, k'erosonclcss days. Thero was some lawfthat hotels should ?bo closed at a reasonable hour; but, as all tho available constabulary wero lying in tho back parlor of tlie Garryowen Hotel — (a weatherboard and tin structure, thought quite a palace), exhausted after tlicir day's labour — a mild way of putting it — and tho commissioner and some confreres wero playing eucliro in the select parlor— there was no one to see the law put in force. Jack, after paddling-Jabout in tlio water with all tho excitement a youth feels when anything fresh turns up, thought he would look in at tlio Garryowen, to see what fun was going on. The bar was crowded; and behind it stood tho landlord, Mick Eyan, and his handmaiden, Prudence, smiling, of course. A tremor w;ent through Jack's frame as he noticed that Hector stood in front of the bar, talking to her. How sweetly she spoke to him, and what a slave to her ho appeared to bo. Jack's fists began to clench, and he felt as if ho could go up to Hector and fell him to the ground. Jack noticed that his father carne up to to Hector, and began to hold: animated con versation with him. Presently Bunakum jumped on to a form. Instantly the crowd left off drinking, talking, and smoking. ' Miners of Grit,' cried Bunakum, ' the timo lias come and' the man. Let us all adjourn to-the large room, and hold a public meeting, at which [measures will bo pre ponderated;, to'-you for the redress of your grievances.. Conic I miners of Grit, como !' : A stampede at once took place, and, of course, Jack' ' was not to be left behind. Bofore many minutes an impromtu platform had been got up at the end of the large room, and a table fixed, whereon was a decanter of brandy and a bottle of water. Mr. White, Bertha's father, . took tho chair, and, after a few remarks, introduced their old. and esteemed friend, Mr. Bunakum. (Cheers.) Surveying the strange assemblage, Buna kum throw himself into an attitude, and delivered the following- oration — pausing fre quently to have a'-Jsip, .forgetting always to have anything to do with the water-bottle: — 'Miners of Grit,' said lie, 'the honest, hard-working worm will walk in the dust, attending to its duties, and for a time lieod not the tramping of the proud oppressor, that spurns it witlijliis foot. , But only for a time' (a nip).-',' Only for a;tiriie. Then it will turn and- sting; and the tyrant will be laid low.' (Great cheers.) ' Miners of Grit, you aro tho worm, tho proud tyrant the commis sioner.' ? (Immense applause. 1 Several chairs sfaiaslied.) ' For months he lias been tramp ing upon you, extorting from you license-fees. For what ? To save you from' the flood ? To cover you from the sun ? To protect you from rapacity? No I; To dine luxuriously every day in' his cool arbor on the hill.' (Terrific applause.) 'But tho worm will turn, and the time has come. He saw tlio clouds and the rain coming; but, did lib savo your property ? No 1' (Deafening cheers.) ' Ho allowed the hard work of months to be swept away like tho dust ' off his well polished boots. Who uses a toothbrush ? Who wears a stove-pipe hat, 'and a boiled shirt ?' (Cheers and counter .cheers.) ' You, who havo lived on the Pacifio Slope, in tho great land of California; will you stand it? Nol Nero, gontlemen, fiddled when Home was burning. Tho com missioner played euchre while,;Gritty Gully was destroying our work.' (He laid great emphasis on our; as if he were the hardest worker there.) 'You will cry, 'Lead us to death and victory !' Ho\v,rgentlemen ? You must be cautious how you proceed. You have a subtle enemy. I will (tell ilyou how to meet the foe.' (A long draught.) 'Establish a paper.' (Cheers, counter cheers, and frantic destruction of furniture. Tho speaker could not proceed for ten minutes. Cries of ' That's the idea,' &c.;, &o.;, resounding through the room.) ' Establish'a paper. Subscribe, sub scribe 1 A powerful pen is at your disposal. Hector Macinnis' — (Tremendous cheering) — ,' is known to you all. , His pen in tho groat Melbourne journal' has often done you good' service. Give it a'cliance in a local paper.' (Frantic applause.) ' My humble self' — (great- cheering)— ' will help to make the Gritty Gully T 'nimpct respected throughout tho land.' (Cheers, and some ' Ohs 1') , ' I move that a journal, to be called the Gritty-Gully Trumpet, bo at once established ; Mr. Macinnis being editor, and myself manager.' . Bunakum now sat down amidst thunders of applause. Several enthusiastic admirers !' at once rushed to him With brandy bottles. Mr. Obadiah Sweetcomfort, sen., rose to second the motion ; and it was put and carried iiciii. cou., amidst cheers and reiterated cheers ; with groans for the commissioner, gnd cries of ''Lynch him!' Whereupon several Cali forniahs at once drew their bowie-knives. Bunakum jumped up, however, at once, and cried out, '' Down with the dust, gentle men ! Give us life at once. I have given £10 myself' — (whenco came the £10?),— 'Mr. White, £10, and Mi\ » Sweetcomfort, £10. Subscribe !' And they did. Ono after tho other went up to the platform, and, ere the vote of thanks to the chairman was passed, £500 had been collected by Bunakum. Hector Macinnis, however, 'knowing where tho money would go if in that worthy's hands, quietly took it as treasurer. Littlo did the men who, at tlio ?? bidding of Bunakum, founded that journal that evening, guess the gi;eat result that would accrue— the lights arid shadows it would 'cause' I , The meeting over,, there was onco moro a rush to the bar. Jack saw that Hector at onco made up to Prudence, and that she neglected the thirsty customers to listen to him. ?' Prudence, 1 dear Prudence,' Jack heard him say, amidst the din, I am now able to_ offer you a home. Be mine, dcarcst-^-mine' forever.' She blushed, and allowed him to take her hand. . ' She will not be in tho way,' Jack heard licr say. , ' How the boy's blood boiled. Ho knew who was referred to. Tho agonised faeo -ho had seen so lately haunted him again. , 'No, no,' replied Hector ; ' I have dono with licr for ever. Nevor speak of her again.' ' CHAPTER VII. , , Jack rushed out of tho hotel. He would stand no more of this. With his blood at fever heat, ho splashed away up and down the township, heedless of where he was going, trying to calm his mind. What could he, a ,nioro boy, do? Gradually tho diggers became quiet. Tho men who wero able to get to their tents staggered thither through mud and mile, tolling about the new paper; whilo thoso who had fallen in tho battle, slumbered in tlio wet bars, gathering rheumatism wherewith to bo tormented hereafter. Tho fleecy olouds wero scouring along; per mitting glimpses, of a sky, clear and blue as lapii i lazuli, and spottcd with stars, liko tlio mantle of a great, icing. Beneath, the waters were rushing and roaring, hut gradually sub siding. Jack walked up and down by tho side of tho creek, watching, with tho pleaBuro a boy ever.derives from such a sight, tho play of the current as it swept by. Ho had got to whore a little bridge had Been crccted, when ho heard ' a sort of stifled cry, and, in a' sccond, a dark ' body floated by him in the water. Jack was a splendid swimmer, and he at onco jumpod in to save tho drowning person. Ho found tho stream very strong, but, carefully striking out with-it, ho was soon able to reach tho ? drowning man, who was wildly clutching at tho sticks that wero carcoring on tho water, and caught him by the hair. Tho drowning man, however, made wild attempts to oatcli hold of Jack; and it needed all tho lattor's ingenuity to provent this, or, of course, it would have sealed tho doom of both. Getting into a by current, Jack managed to reach tlio boat. When he hauled his flotsam on the bank ho discovered he had saved nono other than his own father— the great Bunakum. Not much damage had been done, as the clothes of each had rather benefitted by im mersion. ' Hallo, old man, is that you ?' said Jaok. 'Yes, it's me,' said Bunakum, disgorging some water, and indulging in a general shake. ' I was crossing tho bridge when it broke down. Tho commissioner, knowing I was going' to cross, no doubt, had'lt Sawn in two.' ' Now, tell-tlio truth,' said' Jack. ' Wasn't you gone?' ? I 'No, Jack,' replied Bunakum. 'Nothing crossed my lips this day, except a drop of brandy- 1 took when I was spealdrig at the Garryowen. .Jaok you've saved your father, and I'll do great tilings for you. I'm to be manager of the new- paper, my boy.' 'And, general rum drinker,' said Jack, very undutifully. ' But, look here, old man, don't you talk to me. I'm almost sorry I dragged you out. It was clear waste of timo. I believe such as you aro -better out of the world. ? Look here I What have you dono to my mother ?' ? ' What has she done to me?' said Bunakum, ' After I'd kept licr decently for years, didn't she — ' 'Shut up!' cried Jack, in a voice that struok 'terror into tho; soul of Bunakum. 'Haven't you ruined her? She,' who kept your worthless life together ; wlio was so good and patient. She, who was an angel to both of us. She would have starved for you. And I, lazy hulk that I am, I even lived on her' earnings. Oh! I feel as if I could jump into tho gully and drown myself, when I think of it. But, I'll bo, different after this. I'll keep her com fortable. And don't you show your ugly face round, nor como palavering about. I'm ashamed to think you're my father. And, when such as me's ashamed, things are very crooked. Clear out.' And Jack walked away, his heart filled with loathing. 'Don't go like that, Jack?' said Buna kum, in a whining tone. 'Don't.leave your poor father shivering hero. You haven't half' a-crown about you ? I'm dying for something to stop the thirst.' . ? ' Plenty of water iii the creel;,' retorted Jack, without looking round. ' You'd better look after your mother,' said Bunakum, with a sneer.' 'If she carries on the way she is going, Hector Macinnis '11 settle her, my fine boy.' 'He had better leave her alone,' said Jack, shutting -his tcetli firmly. ' What an undutiful child,' said Bunakum ; ' to leave me, as is his own father — mo, as reared him and worked for liim !' 'What are you doing there, old blowhard?' said a voice; and Bunakum beheld one of his confreres. 'Dying,' solemnly replied the veteran. ' Dying. And my own son Wouldn't bury nie, nor revenge my death on tlie fell tyrant who caused the bridge to bo broken.' 'Dyin' isn't pleasant just now,' said tho digger. ' Hadn't you better get up and have a nip?' ' Thank you, kind friend,' said Bunakum, getting up with considerable alacrity. ' Repre sentative of tho generous men of Grit, you haven't any small change about you? I must get new clothes.' ' I have nothing smaller than a sovereign.' ' That will do,' said Bunakum, pocketing the coin. ' I'll pay you back in tho morning.' And tho two made off to the nearest hotel. Jack had dragged Bunakum put on the main street, so that' ho was separated from his home. But ho did not care for that; he did not desire to go home that night. He would return when the bright sun of another day had risen in the heavens, and his mother would havo recovered. Then all would be well. Ho began to settle 'in his mind how to act in future. Ho would take up a claim with one of his mates, mako money, would havo a nice place for his mother, and no doubt, a fortune in timo. Then he would'go down and live in Melbourne, and become a great gentle man. Hew'ould triumph over'young Obadiah, Sweetcomfort, and break his head at. parting, Wouldn't ho astonish all liis acquaintances, and make them respeot his j.motlier. And, perhaps he would ask Bertha to become hi? wife; although at the time, Jack had no very, clear ideas as to what getting married entailed. At all events, he would not quarrel with licr ; — they would live a happy life. Poor dreamer! Little can'st thou foresee what the future thou thinkest 'so pleasant will be. .But do we not all dream, as Jaok did? And is it not well that we should? Is it not a mercy that the dark clouds of the future are hidden from view by a silver veil of our own wearing? ' Slow pass our days In childhood. ? And tlio bours of light aro long Betwixt the morn mul evo. .'With swifter ltipso Tlioy glide in manhood ; and hi ngo tlioy fly Till days and seasons llit before the. mind, As flit tlio snowflnkes in a winter's storm — Seen rather than distinguished.' ' Etcnlal lovo doth lceop . . In his complacent arms, tliecnrtli, thonir, tlio deep.' , CHAPTER VIII. Jack journeyed on to his favourite hill of Grilv There he 'gazed- upon tho panorama that the moon revealed — the lights arid shadows — and heard the distant . sound of rushing waters. .* Young ns lie was, came the rememberance of a few -'years back, when this place was all in solitude — when a forest covered the hills of Grit, and the only living beings were Bertha and himself, and their dogs' and flocks of sheep. What' change would he see hero in another few years ? Ho was too uneducated to apply tho words: of Bryant to the scene — 'Tlio clouds Sweep over with tho shadows, and beneath Tlio surfaco rolls and fluctuates to the eye. Dark hollows seen to glido along and chaBO Tho moonlit ridges.': Sitting again beneath his favorite tree, Jack began weaving dreams of tlio future. Gradually tho scono began to fado. His eyes closed in Bleep, and, leaning.against the tree, he slumbered peacefully, notwithstanding his wet clothes. -Blessed sleep 1 Thou com'st unhidden to the young, but flce'st from the aged and careworn, though wooed on beds of down ! - - Sleeping peacefully, in tlio shadow of tlio tree, unconscious of pain ;and sorrow, Jack lieoded not the chango that camo over nature. Tho clouds .passed away, and tlio moon sliono bright and clear in the intensely blue sky. Peace fell whoro there had beon such wild commotion — peace liko that of eternity I This sleep at first was a perfect blank. . No images flitted across his brain. : But gradually thero appeared as if there wero an intensely black ,veil in front of him, which was lifted now and then, revealing his mothor's agony-, stricken face. Then tho veil was slowly lilted, tho sad lace itidetl away, and tho land scape remained just as it was ere tho great flood of humanity had changcd its fair features. His flock was, feeding by his side, and Spot snapping at the flies as of old; Thero was no sun, however; only a golden light appeared to como from the east. Was it dawn ? It must be. -Dawn ever was of that delicious, glorious, golden tint. In expectancy he looked towards tlio east; and, his glanco was rewarded by tlio appearance of a beautiful face — from wlienco camo tlio golden aureola. Bright amber hair fell down from tho fast emerging head, like the glory around a saint. Slowly tho figure rose until it assumed tlio form of a beautiful female, clad in gossamer gold, with pearls and diamonds sparkling liko stars in her vesture. Then tho figure glided to his . side, and, hovering near him, smiled sweetly. ' Who was this beautiful, but awful being ? Ho' had never seen aught human that resembled her.'j* Bertha was beautiful; but this being was too spirituclle to bo of. this this world. He felt awe-strickcn in her pre sence. She must be one of tho angels his mother spoko of sometimes. Slie spoke not, but' lightly touched tho ground beneath his feet. It slowly opened until a great fissure, extending, it seemed to him, for miles, resulted. * -Then he saw that in the centre of this tlicro-'was a wall of white rock. He had seen a substance like it, and remembered tliejminers called it quartz. The strange .being touched it, and at once there issued- from it Btreains -of /golden light. By that light ho saw streaks of gold permeating the lovely white stone. There wero also specs of a bright blue metal, which ho did not know..' ; . Then a voice came from the beautiful unknown— a voico rippling with music. ' ' Yours — the shining reef. Remember.' The vision faded fast from his .view, and was followed by a dead blank, succeeded by a gloom so intenso that it.pained his eyes/ A great horror, a fearful chill, camo upon him, as lie gazed into tho ebon darkness. In this, as if illuminated by a lurid light, appeared tho face of his mother, now livid' and dis torted, and gazing upon him as if striving to speak. He strove to wake himself. A terrible shriek appeared to echo through tho air, and he awoke. '??' ' ' ? ? ? ? Tho- moon wafc shining peacefully on the quiet scene ; the roar of the waters had sub sided, arid- there was peace. What waB this ? Spot, whom ho had left at home, stood near him, whining and scratching with, his feet, and licking his hands. ? Something was wrong. Tho clog gave a short, joyous bark when his master awoke ; and prepared at ohce to go. ; Jack rubbed his eyes, arid got iip. ' Ho felt somewhat stiff, sore, and cold. . He thought, therefore, the best thing. would be to go home. Yet, as ho .weint down tlio hill, ho could not but think of tho strange dream ho had had. He looked carefully at the ground, and saw that it waB exactly in its usual condition. He could not help smiling at his own strange fancies. 1 . CHAPTER IX. ' : : Jack .walked down to. tho valley.. The flood had now completely subsided. The flat was sloppy and wet, it is; true; but nature had been so completely revived that these slight .disadvantages, were compensated by the generally improved appearance of every thing in the soft light of the moon. Jack felt littlo inclination to go to sleep now ; ihe air was so, pure and buoyant, that it infused, fresh life into him. But Spot's eager whines attracted his attention, and caused him to wonder. Had anything jvfong taken place at homo? , What did the dumb animal mean by his ha]f-human appealB ? Jack, ? in response to his eager looks, crossed tho oreek, and went to tlio tent which ho callcd home. Thero Spot became greatly excited, wagged his tail, jumped on his master, and uttered sundry sharp, angry barlcs. Tho door of tlio tent was open, and the moon sliono into it. The boy looked, and saw his inothcr lying asleep in tho same place where ho had left her. In tho moonlight her facc looked terribly ghastly, and Jack turned away with a shudder. What good would it do him to: enter and awaken her. He turned away, anxious to spare himself tlio torture he know would result, and walked' up tho; township, which was now wrapped in slumber, regard less of the demonstrations of Spot; , who appeared to have absolutely lost his senses. i'Gct out, you old fool,' said Jack, thrust iny. the dog away from hirrr.. 'You've got the distemper, I think. I'll give you such a hammering as you never had, except on that day you stole Bertha's dinner, if you go on in this way.' Spot slunk away behind, in a very melan choly mood ; no doubt arguing in his simple . mind that ho was laboring! under a delusion, and that his master was right. Just as Jack was walking past the Garry owen, Spot gave ra spiteful bark, and rushed upon a man who had emerged from that hostelry, accompanied by another. Jack saw it was Bunakum. Ho stared at him with great surprise. The man absolutely lookecl whito with torrqr, and gazed on him as. if horror-stricken. Jack set it down to fear of the dog. . ? ' 'Shut up, Spot!', ho cried. 'Don't you know him? He deserves barking at; but you'd better leave him alono. Why, you needn't bo frightened of Spot.' ' Is that you, Jack?'' said Bunakum, in a tremulous voice, which, .of course, his son set down to drink. 'Keep your dog off, will you? He's mad.' ? ; ./ Behind Bunakum wero two mon whom Jack recognised as Heotor Macinnis and the district coroner — a gentleman, - who Bought Bacchus to. enable liim to discharge , his Rhadamanthean duties.. Dr. Rouse was one of the greatest boil vivants and most . unjust judges , in tho world. , An invitation to drink would suffice to turij the scales of justice with liim at any moment. But Jack paid little attention to him.. Tho aspect of Hector was a casefor more sunrise., That man was equally palo as Bunakum. Jack wondered what all this meant.. All the time Spot kept snarling and, sniffing around, like a elemented animal. ; ' Get out of that, you young rascal !' cried Dr. Rouse, lif tihg his cane, or I'll have you committed as a night prowler and vagabond.' 'Prowling round, to see what ho can lay hold of, no doubt,' said Hector. 'All these boys ought, to bo taken up.' . ? ,i ' I declare tho cold's gofv completely into me,' said Bunakum. ' I can't think of going homo.'! . (Where that home was, no ono knew). ' Let's go in again, and liiivo something to put life into us.' , 'Yes, yes!' said Hector, hurriedly. 'Wocan hiive a quiet game of eucliro till daybreak.' ,; J' Hurrah!'.' said Dr. Rouse., ','Just tho thing. I don't see the good of going to bed to-night.' , .. And the trio turned baok ipto the Garry owen, wlicra the sleepy landlord was still dis pensing elixir viUe to thoso of liia customers who.had-not Buccumbed. Jack walked, up to the end of the street, and then turned to go home. ! Tho east was already shoeing signs of the dawn— brighten- ing, not with the glorious golden . effulgence he had seen in his dream, but with a cold grey light that made one shiver. Dawn .on Gritty Gully. ? A chilly light, glowing stronger and stronger, filled the eastern sky; and tlio moon began to pale, gradually,, while tlio few stats that -vero still visjblo .glimmered faintly. - Shreds of clouds-flitted across tlie sky, ohanged, ob they neared the light of dawn, into ajjombrc gray. Beneath was tho damp earth — its outlines shadowed in tho orosslights of the cast and tho west. ' Already, tho birds wero preparing to catch tlio early worm ; the laughing jaokass uttered his discordant cu-cu-ca-coo-coo-coo ; and tlio magpie , filled the woods with his musical trill ; while tho smaller birds twittered and shook off tlio damp. Horo and thero a stray bat, or mopokc, that had kept lato hours, fluttered uneasily, anxious to get baok to its holo in Bome treo; hilt, liko biped rovellers wlio stay out lato, their eyesight was at fault, and thus had to seek a resting-placo wherever they could. ? In tho grey light of tho dawn Jack sought his home. The locality was very quiet. Not a' soul was stirring. Even tho dogs lay asleep in front of tho tents. Jack entered quietly ; but the first glance at his mother mado him start back horror stricken. He had nover seen anything liko this bofore. Her face was purplo and distorted — contracted,— and tho eyes stared out in a fearful manner. Sho was lying on tho sofa, her clothes disordered, and her limbs drawn up as though in terrible agony., What was it? : Death ! Ho know it. Ho had never seen a dead body ; but the awful face before him told too powerfully of tlio great enemy. Death — a horriblo death ! r'.; ?. Her handB wero clenched firmly ; her. form drawn up as if a great struggle had taken place when life was departing. 1 Tho boy gazed on tho still form of liis mother until his eyes rivalled thoso of tlio. dead, starting with horror; Then, with a great cry, he rushed out, and, opening the door of the next tent, cried out :. ' Mother's dead ! Mother's dead !' Two young men were sleeping together in a rude bed made of leaves and grass. They turned round sleepily; and one, , with an expletive, asked what was' tho matter. , ' Mother ! Mother 1' said the terrified boy. ; ' Why, Jaok, is that you?' cried one of tlio young fellows, sitting up in bed. ' What's tho matter? You look liko a ghost.' ; ' 0 ! Mother, mother I' cricd - Jack, rccpg nising in tho speaker the young fellow who had bo kindly assisted him to separate tlio flocks on the :, day they -had got boxed. '! Mothor's dead I' Mother's dead !' In his excitement ho had entirely forgotten that thp young fellow had been his neighbour for some timo. In the condition of his mind now, it is impossible to describe the feeling of. relief he experienced when he recollected this, and found a friend so near. , ' 'Dead!' said tho young man. ' Why, I, saw her last evening, all right. , ' Poor, JackO' he continued, gazing upon tho boy with compassion ; ' Your troubles have come early. Get up, sleepyhead, can't you ? Hero's something dreadful taken place.' The other youth turned round sleepily! ? 'Botlipr you, old chum. Don't wake me. I was in sncli a fine sleep, and dreaming I'd made £10,000.', Springing up, the young man who had compassionated Jack, jumped into his clothes and accompanied tho boy to , his tent. The other youth, after looking rouild sleepily, turned .aroiind and went into the land of dreams;, ' ' ,: Tho young man looked carefully at tho corpse. Going up close^o it lie, too, seemed horrified. Ho came back to Jack, and, taking, his arm, said, in a low, .terrified voice : 'Jack, your mother has been murdered. On her neck are the distinct marks of four fingers, and a thumb. Sho has been chokcd to death!' ? . CHAPTER X. . 'Tis only ti worthless weight of clay, From which lifo's spark lins passed away. , Minglo it witli its native dust, : From light and memory cvor thrust. . , Stay ! Though a thousand miles below Tho coffin and its inmato go, The memory of the child of woe, Will linger like tho light of day, . ? Till wo as well shall pas3 away. When evening conies, and weary care A moment disappears, Her faco will haunt us still, and wear . Tho srnilo of othor years. ' ' Tho sun had barely had. time to have a good look at Gritty Gully, and to note its altered appearance, when groups began to colleot around the tent . where the 'ghastly corpse of poor Janet lay. . After all that liag been said and written of tho lawlessness of the time about which we, write, crime was really rare. A. better class of men had como to tlioi Victorian gold-fields, than the wild desperadoes who had invaded the golden land of California. Those who have lived oh the early gold-fields, can afford to smile at the ingenious lies circu lated by gentlemen who would make it appear that they passed through wondrous adventures. ? To a great degree,; in those times, the diggers were the pick of every country. Young and handsome honest fellows, with the lessons of tlicir mothers still strong in their minds, intent only on amassing a competency with which to make tho last days of their parents easy, or to enable them to wed some dearly beloved one in distant lands; were- in the majority. Tlio mean, tho depraved, were not to be found. People were so lavish with what'. they earned that tho incentives to crimo were , few, and poverty was unknown. Gambling there was, and immorality ;, but neither of tlieso vices ever reached tlio height they didvin California, as the soil was not suited to them. Indeed a desperado, ol- 'Calfornian,';was soon hunted off a diggings — the majority of the, people zealously 1 guarded against , the admission of black sheep. ' The; occurrence, therefore, of a murder in tlio community of Grit, was something so unusual, so fraught with interest, that it seemed as if no one would do d, stroke of work that day. The hars were crowded early; and ,the hotelkeepers smiled as they reflected on the probability of a splendid business. The diggers; like all hard workers, liked ft hoh'day, and took every occasion to havo one/ What /better chance than this, when two great events followed each other so quickly — a flood and a murder. , People talked in whispers about the horrid, deed. They ' said all sortB of strange thihgs,1 ;and many of them hinted that they knew a , lot about tho matter. On being closely pressed they, -with' commendable wisdom, declared it would not do to . tell. A time would come, .&c.;, (So. ?' '??.? ?, '? ? There lay the last of poor Janet, stark in the growing sunlight ; the oyes that were wont to beam with joy gleaming with unearthly light; ; the hands, generally, busy at that hour, clutched together, nover to open. , Men looked ill: upon tho dead face, and then withdrew tlicir gaze with a dread Bhudder. Two police men kept guard, and exoited the commisera tion of tho crowd at their onerous and dis agrecablo task to such an extent that bottles, containing something stronger than, water, wero lifted to their hps every lew minutes. Amongst the crowd was the Irishwoman ,who had so warmly taken poor Janet's part tho day beforo; and this worthy lady, fore-, most in giving refreshnifent to tho policemen, was loud in her denunciations of. Bunakum, whom sho declared to bo tho cause of every thing, regretting forcibly that , tho flood had not carried him with it the night before. ,Sho hinted that he could have been better spared than' sundry tents, cradles, and Hi bernian livo stock— her property— -which, had been carried down the gully during the night. And with her the majority of the audienco agreed, although a few stuck up' for tho man of many words, slating that his failings wero of the head, not of the heart ; and to . which tho Irishwoman -replied that' that was not to be. wondered at, as ho possessed nothing to speak of in tho way of the latter. What had become of Jack ? Tho poor boy, who had at once been raised to a position of importance by being connected with tho mys tery 'of tho night, was immediately taken in hand by benevolent persons who desired to obtain every particular about the terrible oc currence. Two gontlemen, who were Corres pondents of Mclbourno papers, at onco made a set at him,-and, utterly ignoring tho boy's feelings, proceeded to .extract information,, every line of which wrung his heart. His captors soon succeeded in getting him into the Garry Owen, where ho was at ohce plied with 'comforts,' much against his will. Hero he had- to retail, over and over again, all lio knew. This, in some measure, sewed to distract his grief. After all; boys- are -mightily pleased by anything that raises them into importance. But, about brcakfaBt time, when -from in numerable tent-fires aroso the smolce of sac rifices to tho gods of tea and' coffee and mutton chops, Gritty Gully had been' thrilled to the core. ' The murderers had been found 1 (To be continued.) 