Miscellaneous. ? A CAT ATjZACEXD3JJT tTWO UliiOKBIBDS A coHKEsromEST writes —" The following extraordinary and touching scene wa wit nessed by a gentleman in bis garden at Maldon A fledgling blackbird, eyidently just eseaped from its nest close >by, had wjth. ; B6me -•{lifficnltyfluttered -hrom-aience into the overhanging branches of »lime tree. A cat also had observed the young * flyer,' and immediately gave chase, rushing np the stem of the tree with , the intention of getting on the branch to obtain her prey, but meanwhile the; parent-birds. had come; upon the scene, and seeing the situation:of;then'.nesthng,attacked the cat with the utmost bravery, trying to prevent -her; crawling:,on;:the branch. They kept alternately fiyuig at her, using their beaks and wingsmcessantiy with the ntmost fury,- .and getting, fearlessly.. within , range oii the cat's claws, and while one was pouncing at her head, the other would execute a' flank' attack, both of them keeping np all the-time •tbat<:contmuouE;aioi3y,;sngiy chatter.^which' blackbirds eo well know how to make on occasion These bold, strategic movements confused iie cat -very much, aB ier position in the;tree was not .advantageous, butshekept: snarling and staking out with her talons whenever an opportunity occurred. The interested observer tried to Mp the birds but, !rom;£he lower branches of: the -tree -interven-, ing, missiles were not of much nse He was •obliged to leave-the exciting sjene/bpt after a long absenee returned," and found the combat still .going on, and a person who had watched; daring the- interval said the -lwo birds had,- kept up the attack without ceasing, forcing 'the enemy-to keep.on thfi.dfifensive,only;; ; snd' this desperate struggle kept on for two hours,: •611-ithebirdss.were.scompletely "exhausted, .and; sat 'aim a heap, looking as though they had losi half their feathers. But they had kepfc the .destroyer from their littleiledgling, - 'aiid-!their fnead ,at last managed with some trouble to disloge the cat la the afternoon She tibirds««eemed. -tp liave ;^sufet3:ecoyered-: themselves, and; .were ismgmg victoriously in the garden, in celebration of iwhat, perhaps, was one of the longest and 'pluckiest;fighls:of, A V,iHSa,G 10 HDEOEES Theee is a ^' case^Jon the prapfacerbook of a well knoyin physician f West Oakland, ' which ought to constitute a warning, and is,; beside, an interesting surgical example of "thediscohesive yielding of the flexions inoldage"—a thedoctorhasit Somemonths ago a young man arrived an. Oakleigb from Montana? He proceeded at once to the home of Ins parents The door was opened by the young man's grandmother, then neajjy 10 yjears of-.age; and3orrsAomjjie:3entertains "a most commendable affection., The ^onng' •man: was asgreat, Javonte with;thc 5oldc.3ady '"uhen he was a mere child she had made miichot-,hm,-.hadsympathj6edrath:bis:boylA tronblia^and had-iurmshedHm with the sinews of war for jtnany a youthful irokc. He :had:been. a gGod and ^rate£iil>grandson, and : naturaBy, as they had been parted rfor several years, the greeting wes an cSusive one But the pld lady failed to realise that her The fall grown bearded. man v before ier, with iraiTn;.on;hi6 shapely s3imbs,-'and : toiltoughed muscle »n lus sinej^y arms, was thirty ppunds hearoer an'S more than n little stronger •ihani&e-;^oy.whomKsheSiadiidssed andsent.tobediorihe.last.-time.eight.yearsi beforoisaAnd;on-h3s^art.;thoiyojnig man did . not,,realise >,that jftgrarfma ",; .wasiaioilongeri the vigorous lady whom he had played with xompmgly as a meriy schoolboy in -their faroff eastern borne _ . - . - . . - he catight kher aged form and hugged her tight; with^he.warmimpulsivenessottemjpestnonsj youth Had she been the usual sweetheart/; there might have been no -worse result than a fractured section of the whaleboned jstays, or amomcntttTyicessationcfnot.tooiiecesBaiy: respiration As it was, $ie old ^dy said,;, smipl}, " Ob, my <" and sari bo/k npou liii shoulder ma -dead "larnt _ When ,she recoy .®rcaAom#iatshe!complained'ofi'aagrievous? ,-pam in jier;.nght side. ; ; A-physician was pent Jor, and nis exammalion howed that three ribs bad been dislocated by the J ' grand filial togiaiandiitbafethpiBiiuaTion ha-, a critical one, owing to the M j i extreme age, and. -to the £act ibat •she was jratl "badaaging tvouU, therefore, * iasai-Otsatfiregentss ^ •flisconBolate;and-«nreasonab that.he^ sodd m'make nip o^Q»cenMc ah aemeanour, bnt beeause iw bore opon Jus 3Eemjpster. tlpon 'sohcitation Mr. Hem told a reporter tbe^tory of the wound. It occurredwlnle^as AuckjbootmginHCT: andiinally obtamedi goodtshot at afiock of Jucks who were ^winatung inr a shallow slough i that was the last I rememl>eredIor-«ome June When I recovered: dansMonsnesB,! was lying "flat on my back, the sun beaton g do wji onm g • f kn cw thatl ^v-as wonnded, jbnt'for^nanyminntes con33jiot-jm , agice ^rhere the injury was Better sense came to me slowly, and with i BtrengSh. I; 'felt Bomething'trickling-down. my,forehead,- and, jnttmg up any band, ionchEd » thin coating, that-provedto bemingledblooaand; brains.Then.IimdfirEtoodihatthegimlad exploded or Jhschsrgcd stedf through the breech, and something bad Jienetratedriny, forehead I raised my hand a second fame, and lelt the smaller end of a breechpln pro trading from myhead-Iimmediatelythonght ^^ wa«<npi , and.commenced-to;:makem.y!peace, With God jn jirayer I grew stronger and more consraons ot my condition- iiowcyer, ^Mdanthe-hopeof'secuMngm might save my Jife I struggled to my feet A •hearaaess. as if sny brain cavity wae .loaded With lead, was all that I suffered. Every ;thing appaared natural io.me-.^hetrees, -the rshrobheiy- and .the marshes. -and .even .the path I hadrtafcen, was 4isfanct to my mind, aswas'e»sn=3ihongMIul enonghto-take .np ,the broken gunandiicxamine ^ ;~The.;Btock-mis brain was the absent breechput *•I walked back to iht 'Village. It seemed; on my bead bending me to the .ground. -never-restedthotigh,bui/kepton,-OTith..-onlya "vague iiope for Me encouraging me. "When ® amved at the iotels^iere l iwas; stopping, theipeople seerng meiied as if a ghost; were ajiproaclung through -the daylight. \Ylien I iold the clerk to go for a surgeon, be stood »s if palsied.'' I grew mad, and shouted, to bim to find a surgeon or I should die, and then I iellto thefloorspeechless..I,,was;ngaiii-unconscious until the operation had been performed, and the iron pin was taken oS my brain. It wa a bungling .piece of work, two country physicians, who knew as much about surgery as I do of Choctaw, backing and hewing, and sawing my head -until they had opened it, as you can see., more than two and a half inches Then I was put on the tram and sent to Sew Soik. Until imconscionB •11638 came to my diet again, I was in the -most terrible agony, my brain aching as thoughathonsand»dagger8were-.piercingit; I iemember;beuig jilaced in the hospital amr bulance; - the remarks of bystanders that I conldnotlive ;,the -joltinanoise throughthe streets, the ringing of the ambulance bell, which, stranded hLe a death inell to me, and after that, all wa blank. Itwa several days before I came to, and well X recollect the first query 1 made to the doctor" "Was there any probability that my life would be safe?" 3?onr months afterward I was once more at my desk, grinding away a if my brains were intact" Iffhere the breechpin entered Mr. Semp Bier's head, there is a space of about half an inch in diameter, where the cuticle touches the brain, and moves with each pulsation of the organ. . A cutting of the skin would expose tne brain.—Denser f<?ot.; Tribune 