OF HIGH DEGREE. A STORY CHAPTER XVII. , LOVE'S REQUIEM. BY CHARLES GIBBON, - Author of " Robin Giay," " A Heart's Problem, " In Honour Boond," " Queen ef the Meadow," "The Br&es; of Yarrow," Ac. Dahlia's piteous moan roused him. He turned slowly, and .very fluietly took the telegram from her. He touched the fair head softly with his. hand/as if he would thank her for her sympathy arid say, " Be of good cheer." Then he was moving silently from the room, when his mother clasped bpth her hands on his arm. "Stephen, for God's sake speak;! You look so strange that yon frighten me. ThiB news may .not be true—it cannot be true, it is too terrible. It is only some wild rumour. Yon know how often snips are reported lost when they are only delayed at sea by some accident or contrary winds. Speak. say something, . Yon must not leave me like this ; tell me what you think." This appeal, compelled him to make an effort to regain ^e power of speech, and he said huskily:— . "1. think it is true. . . . . Don't be frightened, mother, ! want to be alope for a> little while. v I'll be all righjbjbynaaid-by." . He went into the .library and closed the door. . . •*'".."•'• '.'-r.. j. " Qh, how he loves her," jBobbe4.Dahlia, as she sat down, crossed her prst^arms on the table, and hid her face on theuc^ .""How he lovesher!- I'll neverforget the.look on his It was not a time a>t^wp|bJKIrs.: ijeredith could offer any ccmsoIaUon." She ^was too much awe-stricken iy the tidings of, the calamity and the effectat.had on Stephen. .She had. been glad indeed to get Rath put of the way, but she had never" once though^ of her being.. removed, by death. .Affthough this unexpected event at once rendered the fulfilment-of her wishes aliriost certain,; «he could not .congratulate herself or fed any satisfaction in it. '. -•: :- ' '•" . She was a good-natured woman, and a fond mother, notwithstanding -the .qrts she practised to make Stephen accept ;-the wife she had,chosen for him "rather. than the one he had chosen for himself, arid she was at that moment really grieved for Ruth's sad fate. The consternation amongst the girls was for a little as great AS if a member of the family had beSn lost, and it showed how much Ruth's calm, firm, wise nature had made itself felt even here, where, the disposition was to dislike her because she;had won away the big brother from them and from their .favourite friend.' • When Jim heard the news—his mother toldhim in the afternoon when he returned from some sporting excursion—he tooked angry and was inclined to cry. Then he made one of, the most biting speeches Mrs. Meredith and the, girls had ever been doomed to hear. " I believe its all "your fault. She would never have gone away if every one of you hadn't been so spiteful to her about Stephen." And he banged out of the room, leaving that sting in the .minds of his mother ana sisters. They were, all miserably, conscious of how. they nad shown^fcheir opposition to Ruthj as much by what .^they had.: not done as by- what they had -done: . The eldest sister, Hat, was still absent, or she would have been excepted from Jim's sweeping condemnation. . Dahlia did not hear it, for she. was in her room. Her door.was locked aria bolted, as if she dreaded an ^invasion, or needed the help of bolts and bars ,to ; hide her" own disturbed thoughts andremorse. After the first shockofhoEror and consternation \- had passed ; Stjaphen experienced nothing more than a "dri^ sensatio^ of utter stupidity such as one feels' when regaining consciousness after iai heavy .fall.' He found it impossible to realize ihe position! Ruth had gone away j;Ruth was lost at sea; Ruth would never.come back ; Ruth was dead : he would- never see her again ! These phrases were being sung iri nis brain with monotonous iteration, and yet they produced, no wild -agony,"ana did not-seem to help him.to understand how it corild be that Ruth, with whom he had parted, only the other day—Ruth, whose kiss was still warm upon his lips—would iiever come back to him. Yet she had promised to come in a year, or whenever he was, in trouble, and she had never broken her promise. This time she could riot keep it; Death baxred the way. There was an instant of impatience as he remembered how hard-he had striven to dissuade her from makine this fatal voyage, and how obstinately she had persisted in it. But the impatience^ passed, and then came the recollection of her grave, sweet face, of the tender eyes, the soft, soothing voice, the gentle touch of her hand, her earnest eagerness to be helpful -and: useful to others—all the qualities which made him love her were recalled; everything that had made him at times irritable or downright angry with her was forgotten. . . The longing — the wild yearning for her which rose withiri him—produced actual physical pain. And it was all so siinple. She had gone away in this vessel in spite of him— without any necessity fordoing so, without any object of importance to serve for herself or any one else; and here was the end of it— Death! Why could he not have held, her back? Why had he had no strength of will or love to make her stay ? If she had only waited for a few weeks ! If she had only gone by another ship ! If - he had only set her wishes at defiance and openly claimed the right to control her which' she gave in professing to love him, all might. have been well now. "But what was the use of all this speculation ? She was gone; the Eucalyptus was a wreck, and Ruth was drowned. There was no more to be said. But he could riot thrust aside his vain regrets! Countless arguments which he might have used to stop her, arid had not, crowded upon his brain, torturing him. How differently he would have acted, too, if he had not been at the time worried and distressed by his cursed financial difficulties! How much bolder, how much more determined he wonld have been! Then he would have said:— " No, you-shall not go; you are pledged to me; you are mine. We shall be .married tomorrow." And she would have yielded—he felt sure of that; but this cursed waiit of money had tied his tongue and hands, and she was lost in consequence. It was horrible to sit brooding this way. If there had been anything for him to do—if he coaid be actively moving about something: on her account he would have felt better. The grim thought flitted across his mind that he would have found some relief if he might even have had the poor satisfaction of seemg after the arrangements for her funeral. But there was absolutely nothing to do except sit down and wait for confirmation of the cruel tidings. He started to his feet. Yes, there was one thing he could do which might : distract his attention for a littje. He could go to Bassnett, and see if by any chance further news had yet arrived. He kriew it was only a pretence to get into action of some sort, for bassnett was well aware of his interest in Ruth, and would not delay a moment in forwarding information as it arrived. But he took the next train to London all the same: and with the result he expected. Bassnett knew nothing more than had been stated in his telegram. This bit of comfort was offered him, however— ." The ship carried a valuable cargo," said the lawyer, in his dry but kindly way, " and was heavily insured. The underwriters are as anxious about her fate as you can be, and will have the earliest information that can be procured. They have promised to keep me advised of whatever they learri, and you shall have it as fast as the telegraph can take it to you. Meanwhile, a message has been sent to Mr. Dottridge s agents in Sydney, and everything is being done in our power to obtain early details of the wreck." Stephen thanks;'! him. Of course he had been aware ti<o.i lie could not learn anything more that day, and he was annoyed with himself for the feeling of disappointment with which he left Serjeant's Inn. The journey did not relieve his depression in the least. The bustle and noise of the London streets seemed to make him the more acutely conscious of the silence of the grave within his breast. He would be glad to get into the country again ; the quietude there was more in harmony villi his mood, and so more likely to prove soothing. Consolation he did not think, of ; there can be no- consolation to a man who feels that all he prized in the world—all he lived for—has been taken from him. One sensible resolution he made as he sat in the train, that so far as it was in his power he would go through the ordinary routme of every day life, showing as little as possible of his anguish to the others. He knew that mere mechanical submission to commonplace duties would help him more than anything else to overcome nis gloom. So, much to the relief of Mrs. Meredith, he was in his place at dinner. Dahlia was absent, feeling too ill to leave her room. All were very quiet. The shadow was upon them, but no reference was made to the calamity which caused it. Stephen did not think it was a time to make an effort to pretend to be at ease, and he could not nave done so even if he would. After dinner he went into the library. By instinctive recognition of the propriety of it he was allowed to go alone an d to remain undisturbed. " I don't like to see Steve so down in the mouth," observed Jim to the family; "and I had half a mind to propose a game at chess; bat I don't believe he -would know a king from a pawn to-night. What can any fellow of sense see in a woman to get into such a state about ho-? Why, if he had lost the Derby he could not be worse. You wont •catch me mooning—that way, at any rate." "Wait tall y6ur time comes, Sir," said Miss Juliet (aged eighteen), severely. " Oh, I suppose you expect to have somebody in fits some day, Jue. Well, he'll be .a fellow who has no sisters." " I wish you would be quiet, James," said his mother gravely. She never called him Jim. "Stephen is very much upset, and I think you ought to sympathize with him so far as not to make any noise to-night." " I don't suppose Steve wants me to be in the dumps as well as himself, mammy. I should say he will think you and Dahlia enough to bear h»m company in mourning; but Iwon't make any row. I have the whole of my notes of the last anatomy lecture to write out, and that will keep me quiet enough. What a ramgo—the subject was the heart, and you girls ought to have seen what a pretty tight it was under the knife as it was sliced this way and . , . " Do be quiet, Jim, oned the girls in chorus. . _ ,, Being in his firstcourse of training for the medical profession, Jim was proud of his newly-acquired, knowledge, ana it was one of his wicked 405® to make his asters' flesh creep with higkly coloured descriptions of the in the dissectang room, or with ghastly jokes about •drugs, and how he could dispose of the whole £ami& without anybody being a- bit the wiser. They scarcely tever dared to venture into MB ** laboratory, 1 AS ne -called hifl little rocto at the top of the house, for it contained ae^eral skeletons of animals, ranged on brackets and shelves round the warn, and a imman skeleton shut up in a tall" box something like a small-sized oldfashioned sentry-box. Jim called this his sentinel, declaring that it would walk oat and hug the -first giri. who entered to disturb his things. But they had no desire to intrude -Into his chamber of horrors, as they called his laboratory. " The smeu is enough," Juliet used to say, "from all those nasty chemicals you are for -ever messing with when you arc not teasing us. I wonder -mMmna. does not stop you." "Mind your own business," Jim would reply,and some wranglings, more or less goodnatured, wouldfollow. On the present occasion a look from his mother, and some kindly remembrance of Ruth and his brother stopped him. Stephen had firsttried to read, but amongst all his favourite books he could not findone which had the power of commanding his attention for a couple of sentences. Then he took his desk, resolved to seek comfort from Ruth herself. Her letters were all here. There were not many of them, for they had been so near each other that there had been few occasions lor correspondence. He handed them almost reverently now, 2nd wished that there had been some truth In modern spiritualism; for If love could ' give a title to hold commune with the dead, surely he bad the power to summon the spirit of Ruth tocome to him then, that he might see her and heor her voice again. If that could only be ? There was no need to concentrate his thoughts upon her in order to work the ehann, for she occupied them all. There was no need to pray for it. His longing, his yearning for any sign from her, formed the moat devout prayer that ever came from a man's souL He was sitting with one of the letters open before hini, his back towards the door. There was that strange quietude in the place which comeB when sorrow too deep for words has fallen upon the heart. Thinking about this spiritualism, wishing that it had been true, and smiling sadlv at its vanity, he experienced a nervous thrill over his whole frame, when a soft cold hand was laid tendeily on his. He did not look up immediately; in spite of himself there rose a vision of-Kuth standing beside him. He turned slowly, and saw a white fair face with two wondering, sympathizing, tearful eyes, gazing earnestly upon him. " Why, Dabba," he said gently and smiling, " do yon know you gave me a sort of start. I was thinking about ghosts, and as I did not hear jrou coming in, the foolish fancy crossed my mind that'perhaps you were one." "Ihope you are not vexed with me for coming, Sterhen," she said nervously and tendeny; " but could not rest. I could not to bed until I came to speak to you. I K ow you are in sorrow and—oh, Stephen, I wish I could comfort you even a verjr little." She dropped on her knees beside his chair, and hid her face on the arm of it, sobbing. " Poor Dahlia," he said softly, resting his hand on her head. " You, too, are suffering. 