PLAVlNG THE WRONG' OARJft ' 1 In Four Chapters, Chapter it. (FROM CIIAHIIBUS'B JOURNAL) Tho frost of tbe King's Arms was as good as hisword; in avery Tow minutes.; supper was moreover, it was a supper which j did tho King a Anus credit. Tho noxt. dav being market day, was probably a rewinn >.."1. the lardor being unusually well stocked while tho presence and gaarautoe of Mr Hy the of Myrtle Villa was certaiuly a reason for drawing upon tho host of that larder's resources. John and William, tho well- . known first and second waiters, woro in attendance but on Mr Hythe expressing his wish to that effect, thoy reined, aud the party began supping iu eatnost. As might bo expected, there was but little conversation at first, what littlo thore was be ing contributed by tho founder of tho fount, ovon his remarks sinking after a while to a very tew key, and thon chiefly addreasod to tho Professor. Civility of courso domanded an as senting monoByilablo now and again ; but it wob plain that tho Professor's attention was mainly directed to his aupper ; yet o obaugo camo over him anon ; ho looked unoasiiy at the peaker, glanced meaningly at his companions ; then laying down his knifo and fork, I10 said, in as low a tone as ho bad been addreseod : "If you will bo good onough to wait a fow minutes sir, until we got rid of tho child, I think it will bo better, I underatand you pretty well " Mr Hytho nodded asEcnt ; and tbo Pro fessor resumed his moal, although with a more troublod aspect than before. Hio companions -ooked wonderingly on during this whis pored colloquy, without speakiug, until presently the ProfesBor said : "Now, rir: with not- mifieion, I will give Modemoisollo Lucllo one glaeu of champagne, and. then call tho baggage man to tako her to our lodginga ; for as you will readily goose, we do not put up at the King's Arms ; and I do not care about her kcopmg vory lato hours." "If you prefer it, I will order hor a room here," eaid Hythe in an undertone, "She will Boroly bo very dull in going to a strange house by herself —will be nervous." "Ob, sho don't mind!" exclaimed Regaldtnl with a smile, though thero was sadness in it. "In our lifo, sir, children soon grow out of tha norvouB fancies you are thinking about, Tha real hardships of lifo kill tho fanciful ones, and they got onough of them, poor creatures !" So tho attendant was summonod, and was directed to tako tho little girl to Mrs Blimmy'a Back Church Row ; a vory different address from tho Market Placo or High utroot, When he bad fairly geno, Hythe desired tha othois to select tboir wino, light their cigars, ;| and make tbemeolvca comfortable. 'And " that you may be more at oabo, in a business point of viow," continued, "I will make up your loseos of today, on your giving mo a fair statement ; as I havo always boeo a sup porter of— of music and the drama, I supposs I must say." "Yau are very good, sir; indeed I do not know how to thank you." eaid tho Profo3sor ; " for this most awful frost— I moan this failure— bos fairly broken us. How wo should ' havo reached tbo next town, I don't know ; or bow wo should bAvo opened whon wo got there, I don't know either," "Havo you settled for tho room?" began Hytho. Tho other interrupted him with a laugh, " Bottled ! I should think wo had, sir," ha said. "You don't think the landlord here would run any rink I I wanted him to appoint somo ono to take the monsy, and bo pay him self ; but ho said that was not in his lino. Ho knew the town; I didn't, —But, sir, you wora speaking of some business in which you thought I could sorve you. Now the child is gone, you may speak out." "But— you boo it was privato," began Hythe. "And so it will be now, I guarantee," inter posed tbe Professor. "I will answer for Charley— that's my friond— and so would you, if you knew bira. Besides, I fancy tbe business will be moro in his lino than my own, if I cor« rectly caught your moaning, Hytho nesitatod a fow seconds, as though rather disconcerted at having to confide in two persons instead of one, but snakingof this re luctance, began : "Seeing tho ease with whioh " - you assumed character after oharooter, oaoh so widelv differing from tbe otbors,Mr Regaldini, and the wonderful mannor in whioh you can- . cealed your identity, itocourred tome that you might, at littlo tronble to yonrself, do a great sorvico to a near relative of my fown. who is gradually sinking Into fixed melancholy, if not insanity, by dwelling on a fixed idea— a de lusion. Now, there will not be tbe slightest risk to yourself, as you will see, and you will - be wall paid for your kindness ;I ought, peibaps, to say 'for your talent,' as 1 have no doubt your kindly feeling would prompt yoa to servo an nofortuoato gentleman disrate- restodly. I have a brother, Mr Regaldini" -1— ' "Excuse mo, sir," interrupted the ProfeB80% " bnt now that we are comrag to business, z should take it as a favor if yoa would call ma Styles,' which is my namo, (the other being only professional." " Certainly, Mr Stylos," assented , Hythe. " And your friend ?" " Well, he really 1b a foreigner," said Styles; ' " but not with such a namo as we have given ; him. 1 If you call him Mr Charlos tbat will do, and indoed that's what hiB namo means. Now, sir, we are at your service." Tbe musician bad scarcely spoken a single word in Mr Hythe's hearing, but bad listened intently. "My brother, gentlemen," pro ceeded Mr Hytne, " labors under an increas ing remorse for a wrong which he thinks he did many years ago ; and despite of all argu ment to prove how unavailing this morbid ' rogrot and solf-reproaob now is, be gives way to it more and moro. Nay, so completely has the fooling possessed him tbat ho will alienate his property from his real family, 'or at any- rate poBtpono tboir possession of it for many 1! years, and even thon they will only share it with some charitable institution. My ohildron ' and I am the family I rfer to, gentlemen. You boo I treat yon with perfect frankness, qb I am not a man to do things by halves ; and having : said this, you will not wondor when I say it is worth my white to give a twenty-pound note, ' in addition to all expenses and losses, which latter I will settle at once, in order to got tho business to which I allude done, and well < dono,": Tho attention of tho listeners became keener after this sentence, and Mr Stylos in volun tarily bitched his chair a littlo olosor to tho speaker, as though anxious not to lose a word. "My brother"— Mr Hytbo hositated a littlo here, as though he knew that this wasthekey- stono'of hiB communication— "my brother, early in life, while on his travels, was entangled, as 1 ' man>; young men boforo him have been, by a certain intimaoy. Ho says now that / be was marriod 5 but that 1 believe to bo1 a ' ' ' delusion. However, to adopt his own fancy, . ' f bo was abroad with his wife, and beooming'- - «' ashamed, I supposo, of tho connootion, he— he loft bor; left her with ono child He was : under another namo at the timo ; thero is no doubt of that ; but be heard of his father's death while ho was abroad, and so was anxious to como home to tako hiB property, and not anxious: as you may suppose, to bring homo - tho .half-bred foreigner— a Brazilian, or Bolivian, or something of that kind. So bs ' left her.— You follow mo so far!" "Yes, eir ; all rightl" said Styles. ; "Yes, sir ; there ib no mistake about what" your brother did," said tho musician, speaking for the, first time. ( Ho spoko with a strong foreign accent, which slightly distorted hia ' words, ;but ho spoko readily onougb, "Servo ?the foreign person right, for being such a fooLrt "Ah ! well, I won't Bay exactly tbat," re 1 turned. Hythe, speaking compassionately on ; behalf of the foreigner. "It was not hand ' someonfhis part: but tbore was great extras ' for him. Ho left bor all tho mosey he could spare. But after bo cam homo bis previous infatuation returned, . and acted upon him so strongly that he posi- - tively went back to whore ho had loft her— New Orleans." . : - . ' "Now Orlconsl" eohoed the musician, T beg your pardon, sir, but I follow you with groat interest," So he probably did, for hia - thin, eager face was thrust forward,' and hifA sunken eyes gleamed so brightly under th'o : > togged hair woich hung over his forehead, andf: around his head, that Hytbo felt almost u a-' comfortable when ho encountered their Rlannei. ' "But be could not find her, "resumed HytAe: ' v 'yet be heard of her unfortunately. HafccoxL a great deal of exaggeration, no doubt, about W ber despair at bring left ;but that would; not bavo mattered so muob, only thathe hsardialM /" of her having been robbed by thoBdaroasdhen> and left with ber child almost ponnflretn Sha - bad gone away from New Orleans; and it u« ' , supposed sho had tried to reach berfrieada— aBi ' attempt almost hopeless, ae they weresoid to. ;.<r> : live hundreds oi mues away; whore, my brotne Mr . did not oxaoriy know. Hie , mind ' wo > . . a littlo offectcii by some Irregnlaobes acdiei citing advorvmres in whioh he hed been : taker.! Whatever the cause, this incidont; preyed up on him greatly. ; He returned to. .1 Ebglaiidvted the lifo of a ,hennifc(kopt out o| t P.t soolfilyand mado noscoxet.to me that bo d(dj,,,- < nok cMrider him.d« .t UbortS; to, fflTO.i.,, Wmg . belief th»t Wa wlfo-whe oeUed b vt — rtlll .liTOr Wo— X— iwalli hi. iuaKf ; . . vera natunlly witiaHed with thb atrwMOmrnt; bat a few roan .go bo had a dtewv-'hn UUu of it aB a vision, rovolntlen— in which he was fei wifo and child"— This chfld-rwas it a girl or a boy ? 1 askod tho tniifkirifttt. 44 A pirl" replied Fythe. "Well, ho thought be raw them, nod they told him tho child was till aiivo, and would livo to soohirn. On the strength of this dream, ho has altered his wilt to the detriment of his frionda, as I havo told you; and as a delusion goto tho stronger tho longer it is indulged, you will not bo in tho least surprised to hoar that ho has had tho dream again very rtcontly indeod, and to tho same effect." 44 But how do yon (wish us to help you ?' eked Mr Stylet, ne the speaker paused. "I think yen eaid"— "I am coming to that now," resumed Mr Hytho ; 44 but it was necosrary to onter upcui this nvtberlengthv preamble, that yon might understand precisely how things wero.( I want somo ono to personate a relative of this young woman ; her brother indeed. I havo told you ho was n foreigner; consequently her relatives wcro foreigners aUo : and coming as sho did from somo precious South American republic, or somo such out'oMhc-way place, there is not likely to bo any ono in England who cau aay yon are or aro not her brother. I havo by mo u pbotopraph of tho young fellow, I bad. copies taken, unknown Co my brother, from ono iu bis possession, as I thought it might conic in handy some day. Now, making your self up as much Jiko this una as you can,. Mowing of .course for the lapse of ton or a dozen years, you woit upon Mr Maurice Hytho, say you have come over to England on other' business, but called to 'deliver a meefapo you had .'hold in charge. for several years."—— " Fardob. sir," interrupted the musician, 44 but yon have toll us that: this geutloumn was under another name, a dauio of assamp. tion, If tbatis ed, be will say, qoito natural, how do you know where I live— how do you know mo at all.T' 41 Hum !— yes ; that's true," rotnrnod Hythe thoughtfully. "I must think it over, But I fancy I sec a way out of tho difficulty ; so wo. will proceed. When you havo introduced yourself, t>ou must speak to him of your , sifter ; eay that whoa he loft- her, she sought refugo with an old lover .to . whom site was greatly attached, and telling him that she was left a widow, induced him to marry her; thnt she lived with biin, several years, until both ho and her daughter died of fover, or eholora, or something." 44 Very ; good,, sir ; most good, ".aid the musician, as Hythe paused to pour out a glass, of wine. ?,' The idea is excellent. It wiU bo easy to defame her character. Besides, being dead, and. Only a foolish girl when, alive, why, it does not" matter." . Hythe cttt a doubtful look, at the speaker, as though there was something in this mode of support which jarred upon him. 44 This communication, "he continued "which I have no hesitation in saying— knowing ' my brother's, character— will be implicitly re ceived a? authentic, will at once and for ever settle nil this delirium about dreams and 44 1 have heard of some such plau, when a . man thought himself haunted by a ghost," aid Styles;- 4'they got some one to . represent the ghost, and"—; . , 44 Ah ! this ia not at all like that," hastily interrupted "Hythe. 44 My brother does not believe himself haunted, and yon will not have to personate any one ho has .over seen. Yon can come with ine to my houso to-night, Mr Styles; and I will givo you ' the portrait of the mnny- ou are to personate." ,4I can't do it, sir— I can't indeed," said Styles ; my neryeB are gone, sir. . .What with contipual.Ul-luck, and tive-aud-thirty years of this life, and— I must own— some hard drink ing off late, I haven't tho corves for such work. That's why I told you to take Charley into consultation. He is wooderful good at all disguises, andl don't believe he's afraid of anybody- or anything in the world." 44 Bat I was so struck by your cleverness to-night," urged Hythe, ,f that I thought you were juat the man ; while Mr Charles here, if that be bis name, cannot have bad much experience," - 44 Bless you, sir !" returned Styles, 'with a melancholy smile, "what you saw me do.is more -habit and knack. All the tricks aro handed 1 down from one showman to Another ; there's not a spark of originality in the business. . Ar for Charley's experience, if be chooses to do it, sir, he can alter his face while be is sitting there, so.tbat you could hardly know him.— Couldn't you, Charley 2" Iu iicti of answering in words, the musician bowed his bead for a moment, ran his band hastily through hia wild hair, altered his necktie, theu suddenly lifting his face, thrust it forward towards Mr Hythe, with so fearful agrin,and so terrible an expres sion in> his eyes, that the gentleman leaped from Bis chair with an exclamation nf alarm. 44 Aha i".oried Styles ; 44 has ho changed his expression, sir T' 11 Changed bis expression 1" echoed Mr Hythe. 4 I never was so startled in my life., I would sooner have found myself faco to face with a mad wolf or tiger. £ do not know whether you will take it as a compliment, Mr Charles, but I assure you I never saw so hideous a face on human shoulders before. I don't want any fnrther proof of your power." Styles laughed at this speech ; so did Charley ; but whether the latter intended the grin to be in keeping with his wolfish aspect or not, it certainly made Hythe shudder again, and cast a second look, to assure bitnsoU that the musician had not gone suddenly mad. 4 You are satisfied then, sir?" asked Styles. 4 I can tell you there is not a man in tho pro fession who could have made such a change without paint or dress, as Charlie had- just done." - ,4I should think not, "said Hythe with a shud der"! may almost say I hope not. I sbould have preferred you, I must own Mr Styles ; but after what you havo said, I have no choice ex cept to take Mr Charles.— It will bo as well sir"— addressing the the musician— "to come with me at onco to my house, which is ooly. on, the outskirts of tho town, and I vyiII give you the photograph." >, - . . "Wo will both go," struck in Sfylca » "a walk will do me good, and Lucile is asleeep by this time.!' "Then your daughter's name is really what you call it," wud Hytho, with a smile. 4'I did . not feel certain of. that, ai I must say you allow yourself a good deal of latitude in your election of names." "The public will have it, sir," replied Styles very seriously. "If we were to keep to our own names, or were particular about countries and propriety, and all that, we should not draw a penny. But Mademoiselle is not my daughter the is not related .to me ; she is a relative of Charley's," "he continued, dropping his voice — tho musician was patting ; on his coat at the further end of the room. "He does not liko to talk about her before strangers, yet ho dotes upon her, though he don't show it, and would kill anybody, or himself, or her either, rather than she should como to any harm. He is a strange fellow, he " The musician coming towards tbem at this moment, Mr Styles abruptly checked himself, and after a brief conversation bearing upon tbo financial result of the entertainment, the three left the King's Arms in company. Very little wan spoken among them on the road to.Myrtle Villa Mr Hythe and'Mr Charles' wore evidently absorbed m reflection ; while Styles, who would possibly havo boen more loquacious if left to. himself, was. overawed by the silence of his companions, and conscious perhaps of having drunk sufficient wine to render loquacity dangerous. The inmates of Myrtle Villa bad retired: but Mr Hythe opened the front-door with bis key, and , took the others into what was apparently his own- room. Here he unlocked a desk,,. and taking from it a packet of photographs, selected one - which he threw towards Charles. 44 You will find his name on tho back of it," he said— "Don Soinotbin. You of course pretend to be him. Do you think yon con.fmake up' anything in his stylo?" 41 That he can! exclaimed Styles, who was looking at the picture ovor the mmiciauN shoulder ; 4<ha will do it to perfection, for he baa just got the face for it.— -Charley, my bay . If the part had boen written for you it could nothavo suited you better." "There ia ono thing, Mr Hytho, - which wa most cot at all forget," said the musician ; . be waai still' looking at the portrait, and bespoke in. so low a voice that, his head being " bowed, be could hardly be beard ; "I cannot; varrango.. without knowing this gentlemen' wether name! How can I go and see Mr CHythe, when yon tell mo he travelled as Mr Somebody- else f You said yon would think 4 iver that There is no other way but telling u \o this name." M No— I , suppose not," slowly returned TTy tiie. "I have been turning it over in my inuiafgQod deal. since we spoke, and I nee it would absurd for yon to go on such an er rand an 4 fi0- hi a assumed name. How ever, I - expfct be will bp too excited . to Ask how y "va found him out. Say, will you undertake I business ? ; You understand tbo will un&i;",Sa'so 8ir,"flaid fche musician Biting bis hen. suddenly; Hia dark, callow faco was almost .n- 7 paleness, and. 'although tbo vicior. '» 'like expression was. not there; thrive war epathtngno unearthly in h:o lock, that Mr recoiled with an cjnculation which was almost of terror. I will, nndcrtako ib, sir," said Charles 444ad, shall bo quite sntUfiod to leave 11 question of pay to yourself, I trust yon will ray I have done my work . thoroughly, wbou that work is finished.! rhall bo ready to-raorrow. Will that hU'Yos ; the sooner tho bettor," rotnrnod Mr Hytho. "You aio snroto find him at homo— that icone comfort." , A short cousultation thou took place in which Mr Ilytbe gavo somo further advico as to tho proceedings of Mr Charles, and tbon tho two professionals took their departure. 4'A clover man, no doubt, and will just suit tho business," muttered Hytho, standing at his door, while bo watched his confederate ftl they crossed a patch of moonlight and thou djf appeared in tho shadow of some buUdioga. ''A vriry citfvCr Shutout I thiuk iU bad known as much of him whon I began as I know now, 1 wouM uot havo had anything to do with bitn. A foolith prejudice, I daro say ; but it soeius as if 1 were in partnership with a hyiena." 