jjtofafot. THEODORA VAIL. A STORY IN SIX OHAPTEBS. By-Jambt CabkoHi. (Concluded.) CHAPTEB IV. IKJDGINGS. Cabefdllt counting the «ost of every step, and weighing- and -balancing- the expenditure and probable gain or toss of every venture, were sew experiences to Theodora Vail, -but die shrank from nothing, when- preparing for her self imposed battle with the world; indeed she seemed to court eordidnsEs, and devoted many a spare ten minutes to mean and minute calculations. She load come from Mainhurst to Mel bourne, and taken up her residence in quiet suburban lodgings — a little cottage crammed in tightly between two pompous looking red brick structures, and wearing on its every post and paling, door and \- window, the -garnish and vivid -aheap1 colouring that city homes delighting but the geraniums arranged so neatly in the lour-yard-square front garden in which , two nude and attenuated poplars kept sentry, erect and martial-looking, in either corner, the musk-scented clean window ourtains and pretty creeper of pale passion . flower interlacing the frame of wood-work at the sunny end of the verandah, where a cage full of tiny twittering canaries swung in its green shade, all made Theodora declare in its favour; then too, it had only one other boarder, so the ^ advertisement said — and that was a reeom *7 mehdatdon to her. The air of homeliness that marked the outside o£ the house pervaded its whole interior, and Theodora felt glad to rest her journey-tired limbs on the little white draped bed in the centre of her room. Everything was unpretending and inex pensive, withal so neat and luxurious that she felt quite pleased with her selection of a home. In the parlour was a sweetly-tuned Bord piano, at which she found herself seated and playing in the evening after her rest. \- She had never played since the beginning of her uncle's illness at Gurra, and it augured well that she could do this now 1 on the first day of her arrival in her new home. Bnt one piece touched her. -and revived the old feeling— it hed always stirred her in the old days, had always given birth to the restlessness which' had been her greatest trouble. , * 'I should not have played that,' she said with a tearful smile. She would not let the weakness come, but jtinrriedly broke into a lively valse. Before inaoy bars- were played a heavy shadow before:: the window made the grey evening, shades in the room grow sud denly denser, and Theodora turned her head with the feeling that someone was standing fhgre, ? *I beg your pardon, but will you play that delightful morceau over »g»in ?'' She did not feet afraid or siuprised. She did not asic herself who it was, but, feeling the subtle security of the friendship and kinship of a nature so sympathetic that it Af. required to her that, her favourite over agaio i she played. A swe&t; dreamy opening sug gestive to the listener of a balmy evening between the lights, when the birds are silent » and only the soft breeze rustling among the flowers with the tinkle and bubble of a tween the random twitters of a sleepy nest ling— softer and sweeter it grew till the I delieiously restful feeling creeping over the senses is suddenly pained and alarmed by the mournful cadences and dirge-like sad ; ness that succeeded. A weirdness of sound, j as though it were the subdued breathing of a I doomed soul, seemed, to fill the little shaded loom, and the black-robed girl with the faint light from the window Idling on heir white faee and illumined eyes, wove with deft fingers every imaginary detail of the respeo tive pictures — oalm, happy evening, and j black, gloomy night. It was realistic sound painting. There was silenoe of a few moments after i the last note, and Theodora, her tired hands fallen to her lip, was only remembering that there was someone in the room who had acked her to play, when the man, advancing i from the shadow, struck a match and applied W it to the gasalier. Standing under its hriahttMM ihev looked at eaoh othnr— «? Khn is a lady, an artiste, with the face of a seraph, ' and the touch of a Mozart,' he thought. ' And she, looking at the tall, spare form ana refined old laoe, said to herself: 'What » nice, clever old gentleman I A foreigner, and fond of music His. Burial's other jtoarder, I suppose.' .By what apeeSes of mental arithmetic people can thus sum each other up is as yet -ankuown to the educated world-jt is not zeasonee logic, it is «imply~i0&rl;$on. The acquaintanceship began under sueh peculiar _ «Mnm0tahees«f time miitmpm Imam one of the necessary aoeompaumenta of Theodora's after-lile. Six. Boetin was, he would himself say. a oitizen of the world ; he had lived every where, but had so particular nationality, having been bom of English father and Polish mother in France. With him, if he bad any leaning, Erinoe was to patrie. Olever, educated and a thorough Bohemian in taste and habits, he had been all over the beaten tracks in the old world, and spent 'many yean both in the United States and South America. While youth and wealth lasted, it was vary enjoyable, he told her -one day— 'but now in my old aget here am I, poor and friendless, living; in this way, and employed like every sixteen^ear-old jaek anapas in counting up figures. What; matter forme, X have seen all, I am old I But you, dear Miss Vail, with your attain ments, and, that .sweet singing bird in your throat, and— shall I make you vain? that face like an angel's; yon munt;Tnake no mistake with your life.. Tell me why you are here.' , 'Because I am poor and friendlesB,' she answered. 'Not friendless now.. I too have no friends, not one in the . world ; then let us be friends to each other, we will help each other. You have the gift of song, I have the appreciation of it, and the knowledge of its patrons, and purchasers, and I also have the ventureeomeness to bring your music to their counters.' 'Mr. Bostin you are going to be the protector and friend I want ! I had made up my mind to do as you say, to turn my voice to account, but I did not know how to begin—what to do. Surely it was fate that sent me here.' ^ ...,_. - ------ ' -F You say ~f$u came here because it looked home-like and pretty— ah, my dear child, it had not these recommendations when I came, it had no attractions to offer me, but its cheapness and quiet. A few geraniums and plants, the canaries, and a little advice to Mrs. Bandal anent the window draperies etc., did the rest; eo I was the fate that brought vou here voune lady' . ' Theodora lookedTround the little parlour with its bright ^firp, tiny glittering tea table, and cosily drawn blinds, then' at the refined old face, with its thin grey hair, and : bright dark eyes, and smiled. ' 'BeaUyMt.BoBtmitisso. Your love of the beautiful evinced in those arrangements attracted me, but we are balanced for my playing brought you to me.' r -? Your playing, yeB, but I haa not heard yon sing, Miss Dark Eyas. You have a ifortune in your voice 1' His face lighted up and his utterance grew rapid iri his en thusiasm, as he continued: 'Let me tell you how you can make it. Madame Lprnely takes pupils, only such as you, that want but her magie touch to make them stars in the muBio world on their first appearance. I have still a few acquaintances in the higher eiroleB, I will court their favour, and, at the proper time, through their influence, you will be introduced to the great million-mouthed ArguB-eyed publio. It is like an insatiable monster ever crying out for new food which it seldom eats— only tastes and throws away fora newer morsel; it is fastidious— murderously1 so — but you could not pall on the taBte even of suoh* dragon sb the eity fmblia »' Theodora's days were well oooupied now. *?* I am sharpening my weapone,' she med to Say to herself as she sang in Madame Lornely'e rooms or ?eoompanied herself on the kittle piano in Mrs. Sandal's- parlour. She would sit or walk about in her room for hours, too, with a deep wrinkle across her white forehead, the dark, eager eyeB search ing intently the pages of composition of some of- the great master minds of the age— for she possessed the £ if fc of elocution in a marked degree, and* this, too, she meant to be a source of bred-winnine. In the evening she would sing, play, or read to her friend and Mr. Bostin, his sensitive ear quick -to note the rapid tendency to almost perfection of sound and utterance in the girl's singing and decla mation, and was delighted with her pro gress. ' I will}not read, I will recite it with the proper accompaniments of gesture,1' Bhe would say ; ' a book is de trop,*! am not half satisfied with myself when I read.' The calm, inspired face, with its depth less eyes, and the graceful life-like action that almost told the poet* e tale without the words, and these, given with thrilling pathos in a richly modulated and musical yoice. It wa»«rfligfc*-*bat snen-and women having once seen would picture and dream of for years after, so Mr. Bostin told ? 'Miss Vail, your singing is heavenly, but your declamatory powers will, I think, avail you more in the eyes, of the world. But you are too earnest, too real. See, there are tears in my eyes, and I in my single self represent thousands; for how ever different in degree of feeling, all take common ground in responding to poetry— and living poetry like that.' Her eyes dilated with pleasure. ' Are you sure you are not over-estimating me? Mind, the test is near; I am to appear on tte 13th, and I am almost penniless. Madame Lornely and Mrs. Eandal between them have taken all my money with the exception of the cost of those dresses that you said I must buy. Ah, Mr. Boutin, if I shonld fail I' 'I do not fear for you.' On the night of the 13th. a new canta trice was advertised to appear, and Melbourne theatre-goers flocked eagerly to hear her. No one knew her but by repute, ft was said she had a lovely face to match her voice, so they expected an eye and ear treat combined. When Bhe -came before them they were notdisappointed — aslender girl, dark-eyed, and spirifcieHe, but nervous. Her appearance justified ah that had been said of her, but this nervousness will tell against her, they decide. Quietly and patiently they waited for the first note. With a dead-white face and terror-strained eyes she looked once round the house, then made an almost superhuman effort, but the singing bird in her throat was dumb ; tixe over tension on her nervous, sensitive nature had killed it, and without one sound — for she would not sing discordantly —she bowed her head gravely and left the stage. No use for the manager to rail and scold, no use for poor chagrined Mr. Eostin to coax and urge. They might send her back before those expectant, merciless hundreds of faces, but she could not sing, she said. She could not. She never sang again, for the notes of the upper register never came back to her. Theodora Vail lay for many weeks in her little room at Mrs. Sandal's, ill of brain fever. Thus had culminated all her. anxiety, all her ambitious dreams, and all her toils. , CHAPTER V. A Ii'OBDBB DO JOUB. Apteb the burning fever had left her and fte days of returning convalescence enc , ceeded, Theodora would lie and think it all over— her childhood with her young mother, her father's grave, Willie's going away,~Ea-| {jrwrt-daya whanltfe in her Jraeb iwme haa beet eo beautiful; that drive wi^jbe/jwle jfam |£p^ia»op^3p[P* whav she had said and how he came home ailing and bopslesB. and bow she had seen him die. They had all died, her mother, father, Willie, and uncle; and she atkei herself bitterly why she was left. Then the pioture of that night ai she utood before the sea of laoes in the theatre with her destiny slipping through her trembling fingers ani the voioe mute in her throat ; it would reour iagain and again with vivid distinctness, and ii had a peculiarly stimulating effeet upon ner. **,? J- 0Bly ooula *»*? 8nn8. h°w *hey would have cheered and dapped, and gone home saving of me. They Will do it yet,' Bhe would «ay, with ttecldflaah of rewlve i{5 '5 «J«i'I 'will g«« strong qniekry.and !Mr. BoBtan must not help me^hiatime, I want tofigbtmy battle by myself as I said at Ctarra I would. I muet sever be weak again or let myself faiL' : And as each day brought her back physical strength, it did not lessen the ! resolution an her. ; One day, when the sun warmed the : cottage with his soft rays, and *he littie canaries twittered merrily in their corner, : Theodora closed the little gate on them, and a suspicious fold round her mouth whidi meant resolution, she went by her self to eeek what she wanted. Old Mr. Eostin w asaway in. his office, and no one else in the world knew or cared ; to know of her errand. Yes, there was Bessie, she remembered compuhctiously. j ?« If I am unsuccessful, I -will advertise tor ?her— no I will not, Bhe is eo warm hearted, poor child, it would only grieve her. No I will be utterly friendless and ?? peamiless if this mission be unsuccessful ' but oh, I trust I will be spared another humiliation, I could not survive it,' she ?- whispered to bereelf, as she went hurriedly on her way through the crowded streets, noticing no one and nothing. Though beauty and grace could %e found on every side, many a wondering look followed the tall slender girl, for Theodora Vail if a living poem of beauty- in her bush loneli ness and bush surroundings lost none of it ;in _ the city j she had a duttngw*? air, and the poetio beautyiof her eyes and face ihad become, if anything more marked and iefinedoflate. In the evening she walked baok through the same streets and in the same thought m/% uuuurai, sot uiiB time tbera was a happy, satisfied look in her eyeB, and the lips were leleaBea from their erst hard set ting and were folded intix their ^natural sweet but serious curving. She bad been ?noeas- foi in her negotiations with the theatre manager, and was to give her first reading in the course of a month— ' perhaps sooner,' he said. ' I will try and arrange for you id oome on as soon as this piece is off the boards. Could you be ready in two weeks t Now Bhe could tell her old friend, and how he would rejoioe with her inner hopes of fame and independence. ' For of coarse I will be a BueoeBB,' she said. : Mr. Bostin endorsed her words in his half foreign sanguine way. 'Of couree you will be a eueeeas, you. would not disappoint the ogre again, why,' it would tear you to pieoes. BecitationB and readings are a Vordre dujowr— everybody will go to hear you, and iew will reoognitethe ittle bird that could sing, but wouldn't sing tor them. This time you will appear under your own name you say, I am glad it is eo, and I am all eagerness to witness your triumph, my. little dark-eyed flirl of strong will and independent spirit.' ' y^ Bessie came one morning when Theodora was rehearsing, and waited in the little cottage parlour. Waited! running tojthe gate to lock out, talking to the eananes, trying the piano, suoa a whirl of resfceBs expectation she was. \ ??Oh, my own Pansy, to think of *-ur living in a foky little place like this alter Gurra, and your naving been ill, and, worse than ail, there is your name all over the newBpapers, and stuck up on bills; that's how we found you out, Papa, Dave, and I. It was suoh work t I never could have done it, only for Dave, and he wanted to wait and see you so muob, but I wouldn't let bim.' Seeing Theodora's blanknesB. 'Oh, I forgot ! I am to be married, you know, next month, or sooner, if I like, and it will be sooner now that I've found you, Pansy. Dave has taken a house in St. Eilda, and we will all live together — it will be glorious! Ob, Pansy, don't smile in that way, as though you think I am talking nonsense ; it looks as if you humour me in that grand, superior way you've got.' And Theodora bad to kiss the fair, pouting face, and explain that she under-, stood that it was all thorough earnestaeBe —but wasn't Dave to be consulted? ' Of course, I consulted him long ago, and we agreed that we would wait till we found you, for I knew you would keep your promise, and I wouldn't be married unless you were with me, Pansy.' ' Dave1' was David Campion, a young lawyer whom legal business with Lawyer Bruce had sent on a trip from Melbourne to Mainburst. He at once succumbed to Bessie's charms, and an immediate engage ment wad entered into. Her Quixotic notions regarding her lost friend alter nately annoyed and amused Mr. Campion, but he warmly appreciated the sweet kind ness of her nature that gave birth to ttifem. The night came again for Theodora Vail to stand under the gaslight before the eager-eyed multitude. She bore herself with graceful courage, and her calm, en thusiastic face added so much reality to her translation that she carried every sense and feeling with her, every single nerve in the hundreds of bodies before her thrilled and responded to the magnetism of her voice and power. Utter silence followed her exit, then one involuntary and simultaneous ' Bravo !' broke from every throat. She must come before them again. They thundered for her reap pearance. She came, not smiling and kiesing her hand as one of the profession always responds to a recall, in the falla cious belief that thus only can she testify her appreciation of the honour ; but calmly and steadily, with the same look of impassioned vehemence still on her face and shadowing her eyes, she came, all un smiling, and bent her head in stately response. This was unexpected, and quiet of a moment followed ; then they understood and pronounced it capital 1 Splendid ! She had never lost her identity, smiling, bending, and hand-kissing, would have nn linked her from her east. In her strangely pathetic way sbe had thrilled and awakened their deepest feeling by her rendering of one of the wildest and most tragic poems in oar language, and Bach a change of expres sion ana demeanour would have made the feelings of even the least susceptible reooil and fall back to their souroes. Naturally we incline to the pleasant, and it is often a wondrous relief to see a gloomy tragedy queen who has laboured through the terrors and trials of three long acts, reappear with dimpling faee and beaming eyes. We are glad fo find that ehehafl put all her woes somewhere behind the Boenea, at the Bame time, it takes the grande finale off her work, and adds abroad dash of farce, spoiling the JBoat realistic tragedy. ^Sae had /ought her battle, aB she bad said at ''Ojlirjpi the Kjpnld, and conquered ; and wi^entBirno^r% Menoe of few km, with efeTjMmoi0f^ to felt beneli ooBoeive newer and higher sm bitiona; an unsatisfied craving for ftUW Boope and newer fields, took poBsesgion of her. It was inborn in her, this hanger for something, she could give it no name ; she eared nothing that her name was on every tongue and always mentioned with respect and admiration, though she felt pleased that she had Beoured independence of livelihood by her talents. She had felt ttUB dissatisfaction with herself at Chunj her uncle had alwayl accounted foi it bj over-study and inoongrnouB reading, she had :heneU thought it -arose from want :of pur pose from inaction and that oocupattox would be its rare; 'yet, hereof was again. One day while reading eareleflBly, these wordeeanght her attention: 'Whue Jaime ?hnaabyufl all alone Bhe iB an angel oIkI in light and. Btrength, but when love touohes her she- drops her sword and iadea away ghost-like snd ashamed.' 'I wonder if it wfll be sdwithina/'Bhe said. : Beerie was married atew weeks after that day oi= finding her friend in Mrs. BandalV cottage, and Theodora yielding to their per BiBtenV ugbuB took up her abode with Mr. and Mrs. David Campion in their new home. jBesBie was » proud ol her Mend's buo eeBBes and deUghtea in her new matronly honours beeause she could be of some servioe to her as ehaptrohe. The young .people always went with her when she gave a reading, and with these vigilant guardians, and old Mr. Bostin who never failed to be at the door waiting her arrival, few or none could approach. They said of her that she was proud, reserved, and held herself too much aloof, Buch uneociability .would be a clog on her new reputation, JBhe would never become a favourite. ', ^ \- Thoedora did not k«ow— she had had few associates in her life at home, and now she desired fewer ; though she was kindly and gracious to thbse who had the good' fortune to come within the circle of her guaid of sonoux, and make her acquaint ance. ' Pansy likes people, or she doesn't like them,' Mrs. Campion said in her deliri ously explicit way to herhueband, when he was receiving his instructions, 'so. just introduce a few of the sort {hat she will like, and let Mr. Eostin pick them, he knows better than you.' , , One night near the end of her engage ment, Bessie could not come as usual, fora telegram had come from Hugh Campion, TIava's ^Vv*Af:lii»i« wlia -^rmmaA ' a omo.ll 'nt^^nh Station in Queensland, saying he was coming to Melbourne, he would arrive that night with a friend, and as be was anxious to see his new sister-in-law, he would go etraight to St. Eilda. Bessie decided that Dave must escort Theodora, and she would ftay at home for this abrupt self-invited brother-in-law, who had the reputation of being the most reckless horse-breaker, and wildest bush- rider for miles around his interior Queensland home. 'If your brother doesn't look a Goth, and comes early, Fll take him and his friend to hear Theodora, so secure our old seats if you can, Dave.' CHAPTER VI. The house was crammed, and Theodora looked at the packed rows effaces before heir, a quiet, steady look over the House, up to Bessie's place. . : Bessie always expected- that look, and w itedforit; she told the gentlemen so, and .they, Jqo, watched and waited. ... Dave's brother was much like him in appearance, only sunburnt and more strongly built. Mr. Eostin was there, and Dave sitting beside Bessie; but Theodora's glance swept over and past them, resting steadily on Hugh's Queensland friend who, at that instant was standing straight and tall behind .Bessie. She did not mean to loot at him more than at the others; it was usual for her to look there at Bessie, and, knowing the visitors were with her, she naturally looked for them, too ; but, look ing, she saw only one face. Adark, proud face' with long, drooping moustache; eyes large, dark, and haughtily inquisitive met that flash, from hers. Eyes are not conventional, they wait for no introduction, but flash out recognitions broadcast, and acknowledge kinships with beings whose names may never be known. So it is Baid of them. With her usual earnestness and en thusiasm, Theodora gave her reading. Everything was just the same — -Bessie was before' her, beaming and smiling; Mr. Eostin, with kind encouragement and fatherly interest, watched as was his wont ; all the hundreds of hungry-eyed, expectant faces were as usual, But she cared nothing for them. That «ne face that looked down at her over Bessie's fair head stirred her, and she wanted to look up again. Obedient to this unusual prompting, she did so. Once, in a quiet, thrilling pause, when a pulseless silenoe was through and all over the house, she swept an upward glance to the dark face that watched her like the others— still and expectant, but with aroused energy and interest in those proudly-dropped eyes. During the interval he listened. He knew Mrs. Campion would talk, and that Hugh would ask her questions. ' Yes, her real name is Theodora VaiL Theodora is too stiff and heathenish a name for me, so I call her Pansy. Her uncle always called her so, on account of her eyes.' He smiled approvingly under his long moustache as he remembered the velvety softness and dark purple colouring which that upward glance showed, and decided that they were the most wonderful eyes that he had ever seen. Pale, save for a faint tinge that excite ment had worked into her cheeks, and standing beside Bessie as shrmkingly and shyly modest as though no crowd of men. and women had just hung breathlessly on every word, as it left her lips, Maurice Sutherland met her on the stairs in the glare of the gaslight. Dave Campion introduced them : 'My brother, a wild Queensland settler, Pansy, come here for a taste of civilisation, and this is Hugh's friend, Mr. Sutherland, also from Queensland, and on business in. Melbourne.' mLo.. J1ZJ1 visvJ- hb«» mnnh 4-/v aoaI^ a tit a** XIUJV U1U 1AUU DCBJ* lUUWM UU VOIVU VHUCl — eyes had said enough, and Theodora knew by the indefinable sensation that took possession of her, mind and body, that this was the man she was to love. Bessie, always amiable and kind, made the visit so agreeable that Hugh and his friend stayed longer than they at first intended. Maurice Sutherland stayed because he was learning1 to love this gifted, dark-eyed girl, who could talk with him eo earnestly and deeply; and, as he said to his friend, ' Ifs a new tiling to find a girl that can talk ;' or, if he asked for music, could play his senses into transport. By her impassioned voice and solemn presence she could hold thousands spell bound, yet not a merry joke of Bessie's ever fellthroughfor want of helpfrom Theodora/ she was ever ready to enter into every amusement however trifling/and lend 'her smiling aid in entertaining. Her happy laugh a^ Hugh's racy bosh stories was a tJWV to Swide, Hogh't WOT6 each iWriMl. Hundreds of them and given with ludicrous imitations and epioe-ghikinga of comical elang expression*. He was the pet of the: house, and could -extend his brawny length on the best eouches, and bury bis sun burned face among Bessie's prise cushions— even was at times found with heels, on th window-Bill, smoking his long pipe in th drawing-room, where Dave's daintie oigarettea had -teen forbidden. Mr. BoBti t apent many evenings with, them; when bn came he always took possession of Thepdorae she should pour his tea but for him, too The old man liked to seethe slender bands/ fixing the flupB and waiting on him, it reminded Jiim of the days at Mrs. BaudaP where she learned his tea peculiarities. ? Everything waB so different with Theo dora that she often wondered if she could really be the same girl of the Chura days and the anxious student of that advent forerunning the night of woeful failure. She always thought of it when Mr. Bostin bame, but; he would never .let her speak otit., i The last might of her appearanoe came, and for this night Maurice Sutherland waited. - ? Bessie told Theodora all. she oquld glean from Dave and Hugh of him and his life. In the privacy of her roorc, Theodora, brush ing her long-; gold-brown, hair* listened to Bewie, who Bowed busily as she talked, tongue and needle keeping a dead heat; j 'Hugh htts known him four years, all the time they've been together in Queens land. Hugh thinks him a fine fellow; He was jilted by a cousin at home: he was to have' been married to the girl when he was twenty-one, but she married someone else, and Hugh says he haB never spoken a dozen times tqr&ny.one;? woman sinoe, and that's fifteen years agp-r-bf oourue, I mean till now, Faney. IgueBsed there was something flike that in his life ; he wouldn't be so elever_end cynical, if he hadn't hated women and taken to studying. Don't get bo red, dear, you needn't caie about the cousin, that was such a long time ago.' ' 'I'm not thinking about the cousin, Beesie, Pm thinking how lonely it will be for me, for all of us, when they go away, and th«t will beio-morrow.' , ' Oh, PanBy, you'n not thinking -of poor Hugh at all, nor of our loneliness, that's all sham, you are thinking only of that dark Saturnine-looking king of youre, isn't it «V-?' ' The blushes deepened, and she brushed her hair the other way to hide them, as Bhe weakly answered, ' Yea.' '.Tansy, dear, I don't think you quite understand the sort of man he ui Your ambitions would have to give way altogether io his dreadful pride and he holds Buoh strange notions and prejudices, why, dear, he is lull of faults— ' 'Bessie, don't. He has none to me, The king can do no wrong I' As he folded the white woollen wrapround her head and shoulders aB they stood for the last time under the gaslight of the stage ?tairway, Maurice Sutherland looked down at her sweet young face and dark upraised eyes and felt that he could not go without telling Her. He stooped, bis longmonstaebe brushing the brinht hair on her forehead. And whispered : ' Tfieadbra, could yon leave this for me ?' ' For you, Maurice, yea.' ' And, think well, darling, would you ever regret it?' The glowing faoe in its fleeey cowl was laid softly agamsHiia coat-sleeve. ' No, beoauBe I. love yon, Mauriee. ' Nestled in her lover'B arms and listening 10 hurlow .voice and avowalB of love -he felt all her reetleBB longinp and eager ambitions vanish into ambient air, and the wordB Bhe had read oame betore-her mind in the midst ol her happy thoughts, forcing themselves, as it were, on her recognition. 'Listen, Mauriee, I read these words weeks ago and wondered if they could be true, now I know they are, ? While fame stands by ua all alone she is an angel clad in light and Btrength, but when love touches her she drops her sword and fades away ghost-like and ashamed.9 ' 