THE .O'GARROLLS OF CLQUGHRUE. A TALE OF QUEEN' ANNE'S TIME IN IRELAND. Chapter XXIV. — The Colonel is Compli mented BY THE MAGISTRATE. {Continued.) The first question he put to the surprised in' mates of the kitchen, through which he and his party had to pass, was, f What news of your master ?' and he was much disappointed to hear from them that the old gentleman was still alive. However, this unpleasant Reeling: of his was of brief duration, for, even while they spoke, Nora entered to say that he had just expired, when, immediately as suming the master, he desired some of his followers to see that the horses were brought up and properly stabled, and, ordering re freshments for all, invited a couple of those in command among them to supper with iiimeelf in the oak parlour. Partly through the old habit of hospitality to all comers kept up in the house, and partly through surprise, these orders were obeyed, and when Major Byrne came down to (seek this unwelcome in truder upon the privacy of the troubled family, to his great indignation he found him seated in the arm-chair which had always been ap pointed to the use of his dear old friend, from which he rose, with ostentatious affectation of being at home, to do the honours of the room to him when he entered. ?You are very welcome, Major Byrne,' he said, arranging his hard, sallow face into an «xpression of sadness peculiarly aggravating 4o the man he addressed. ' Pray take a seat. It is very kind of you to remain with us in our trouble, for, of course, as the present' Mr. O'Carroll of Cloughrue is my son-in-law, I consider myself a member of the family,' ;and he put out his hand. 'Now what the devil good can it do Owen to have me disgrace myself by touching the fingers of a coarse scoundrel like thatP Nor ghall I do it either, let Jackson say what he will,' thought the major, as he listened to the trooper's words, and when he replied to them ut was to say : ' How dare you offer a gentleman your liand P I am unwillingly here to give you a message ; but, as it involves a family secret, I cannot speak before these companions of yours. Either dismiss them or follow me to another room, which you please.' JSTow, Weston knew from experience that the major was apt to be plain-spoken, and he had really no desire on his own part that the men alluded to should be present at the in terview ; so, turning to them with a pleasant smile, he said : 'A testy old gentleman, but I have no doubt a worthy one. I will humour him by Shearing what he has to say elsewhere, and return to you immediately. Meanwhile make yourselves comfortable in my absence, and !do not spare what is before you.' He crossed the hall after the major to the tadies' sitting room, which, we need not say, was now unoccupied. Both men remained standing, as both were predetermined that their conversation should be of the briefest; w,hile the major .commenced to deliver his niessage, plunging into it without any pre face other than his usual hasty pinch of snuff: . . ' | 'Mr. O'Carroll'-™ ^ ' : , ?; 'Mr. Owen O'Carroll,'. interrupted Wes ton ; but the major continued,' without notic-' ing him, to repeat this message nearly in Of wen's own words, as a child's repeats a les-; son learned by rote : I ' Mr. O'Carroll bids me- to tell you that 'he' leaves the house with the coffin of his late ujicle, Cormac O'Carroll, to whom he is the rightful heir, mever jto ; return to; it, -For,: wsith a feeling you are incapable of under standing, he intends tp[ veil this family dis grace, as far as in him lies, by refusing to re sist the robbery which has been perpetrated on him, and at the same time desires you will not intrude your presence on him while he .stays.' ?? -?' ? ?'??-.- ? :' ; The evil countenance of the trooper, suc cessful as he- had been in his villainy, assumed a darker look as he replied with a coarse laugh. . , » : ' Very fine and very generous indeed^ So declines my company— meaning doubtless to retire from the estate he intended- to usurp upon a fortune. Well, if -not upon his pre sence, I sbalL certainly be guilty. .of another intrusion— which ho will find, ;if. I mistake not, still more disacreeable— for I shall in trude into every nook and corner in this house .until I. find the treasure concealed in it which is now the property of my son-in-law, the present Mr. O'Carroll of Cloughrue. .. The same law,' he continued with a sort of fierce malice, ' that gives him this property will up hold him as, a loyal subject in his claim upon a large suni- which can easily be proved to be intended for thecarrying out of treasonable purposes.' For once the major was thunderstruck,inpt alone by Weston's words, but by the idea of Redmond's utter baseness which they con veyed to him, who, he; supposed, must have intentionally given information to the trooper of the existence of this money in order; to secure the possession of it to himself. Yet, weak and wicked as he was, he had not done that — the knowledge had been artfully gleaned from him in casual conversation : and the high-spirited gentleman was for a moment shaken in his resolve not to lower the dignity of his friend by asking favours for him from his enemy. Still .the loss of this money meant utter ruin to Owen in his fortune, as well as the breaking off of his marriage with Oonagh for an indefinite period, if not for ever, and in his distress the words trembled on his lips : ' For Gf-o.d's sake, have some mercy ! Do not send poor Owen upon the world stripped of everything.;' but, remembering how vain they would be* and that the money must be secured by this time and could be easily re moved, he contented. ;himself by looking the scorn he felt, and restrained himself from uttering an .appeal he could' never after wards forgive himself for having made. . » ? ? ' It is high time,' continued Weston in: shis loudest and most hectoring voice — ' high time indeed — that a loyal subjectof her Majesty's should be in possession of this hotbed of Popery and rebellion ; and as soon as this old gentleman's body is removed — which my son in-law desires .may be soon— we will see,' I and the armed protection granted to me to day by a patriotic magistrate, whether or not we can unearth a fox in the shape of a Popish priest under its very roof.' Major Byrne paused at the door as he was leaving the room and said quietly : 'I have given Mr. O'Carroll's message. For the rest the very depth of your own vileness protects you. None but such another ruffian as yourself could disgrace hjimself by crossing swords with you,' The echo of a loud, coarse laugh from £he trooper as he returned to his companions fo£r lowed , the major up stairs, where his first exclamation to his friends was : . ) ' Jackson, you must look toy ourself speedily. This bullying scoundrel hints plainly at you; He knows of this money also, and our only chance of saving it is to get it out of the house this very night.' ' We must first lay our hands on it,' replied the priest dnly. 'It is not in the bureau, in which we easily discovered the secret drawers, nor is it in any desk, press, or strong box ever know to be in his possession. In fact, Ned,' he concluded, 'we must make up our minds to face the fact— the money is nowhere to be found.' .?..?.,.-. , ,.? Chapter XXV.— The Colonel Writes, a ., r ', LETTER. ' ? ? ? -.?'.:.: ;: Through windows the blinds of which were drawn up crookedly to the very top a bright April sun was sending a whole battalion of rays into the drawing-room of Colonel Wes ton's house in Dublin, displaying its dingy carpet and ill-kept furniture to pitiless dis advantage. Stretched on a settee in one corner of it, his face shaded from the light by a wasted hand, lay Counsellor [Redmond O'Carroll, scarcely yet quite recovered from the effects of the wound he had so unfortu nately received, and yet suffering more in his mind than in his body ; while, lying back, in an easy chair, her dress, as was his own, untidy and her hair undressed, sat his newly made wife, her arms raised and ? her hands clasped behind her head, dangling a slipper on the point of one foot as it, lay lightly crossed upon the other. \- -I had just as well have remained Miss ? Weston,' she was saying with the shrewdish discontent — 'better, for I should have ^ my chance still. What advantage have I gained by my marriage with you ? N'one — abso- lutely none. No establishment, no equipage, no jewels, everything going on in the same old way. I have been a fool.' ' They. were now two- months husband and wife, yet, although even in that short time much of the gilding had rubbed off the idol he had ;co ve ted so madly , : showing the baser metal beneath, he was still as infatuated with her as ever ; and it was in a tone contemp tible in its weak entreaty that he replied to ?her:.,.;: .,?:.-,,-;.?'; ? '' Have a little longer patience, dearest, and all these things will .come. These are early days to have you complain so bitterly.' 'Ah! I am weary of having patience, 'she answered ; ;' it is ; more; than a .month since your ,, tiresome rold. uncle, died, and here we are' still jwithpuV ?a vpeririy. /Why: does not papa send- us money ? I thought there was a gr6at;;lot^ofir&! in' the house that he was to ?forward tip us, ?pi- rents, Or something instead of a stupid letter. Why can't we both go look after, everything ourselves, and take possession of ;p«r estate, that I may be really ' Madam ' O'Carroll' of Cloughrue' P' 'I will go anywhere on earth save there with' you,' hereplied, turning a pallid, miser able face upon her ; ' but I will never look upon Cloughrue again.' ' ' Then why do you not get money to go somewhere out of this?' she exclaimed with passionate anger. 'What does papa say in that letter you received to-day P' 'There it is : see for vourself.' he renlied. rising and presenting it to her; 'forme1! cannot bear to enter into its horrible de tails.' . :'-:???? : But Maria: had no Isuch feeling, and she read it attentively, the discontented expres sion of. her face still remaining unchanged. The ietter was addressed to Hedmond as his :' dear son-inrlaw/ and, after a]f ew flourishing sentences about 'the happiness of his be loved children,': went on to say : ' The people who have been plotting so long and, thanks to my untiring efforts in your cause, so vainly against your interests have now completely disappeared from the scene, , The .false heir, as he announced he should,, departed with the old gentleman's coffin, as did also the, person, so long known hpre aS;Mr.! Jackson, but who. I: have heard on good authority was audacio.us enough to dpn some Popish frippery and appear openly as a priest while he went through some idola trous rites beside the grave.' I was unable to follow the remains myself, as I thought it would be imprudent , to leave the house for a; moment lest the money which is now yours' by right . shpuldJbe .conveyed from, it in my absence 'Otherwise I should have done my duty as a loyal subject arid arrested the daring, masquerader, on ,the spot. However, the active, ; intelligent; and loyal men whose services are placed at my disposal by my friend Mr. Heateh, the able magistrate men tionedby me in-my lettor announcing: your unclp's death, are. scouring the country even as I write in search of him, and I await with 'anxiety the welcome news of his arrest in spite of any shelter afforded .him by the ignorant peasantry whom he deceives. 'Old Byrne was the only one of the old crew who showed his unwelcome and dis agreeable countenance in Cloughrue after the interment, ond that merely to take charge of the ladies during the journey on which they set forth immediately after his arrival. I cannot refrain from remarking on the want maternal feeling displayed by your mother, Mrs, O'Carroll, in obstinately refusing, the hospitality offered to her by me in your name and that of her new daughter, ,my dear child Maria. - Jndeed, neither she nor Miss Oonagh Lynch would hold any communica tion with me at all except through a certain Anne Farrell, whom J c'annpt consider any thing but' an insolent piece of baggage. This was hard, as I meant to be liberal and kind to them. ??'?? :- '? \ '. They - ar e gone, ; for the present at any rate, as I understand, to Byrne's own place, Carrigmore,5 in the county Clare, where I suppose the discomfited Owen will join them. The old rebel has nothing to give them be yond this shelter jiorasl have been informed, arid as you probably know, his/propprty is a small one, » and he considers it a point of honour that it should: be divided among some distant relatives of his at his death, as was the ancient custom of h.is plan or sept or \whatever they called' it. ,? ? ' The savages about here set up an awful howl when they saw the ladies enter the coach brought from Cork for their use— in- deed, Mrs. O'Carroll was silly enough to be, carried fainting to it; while the disappointed' bride- elect looked' like a ghost behind her black veil. But you see if they were in any trouble it was not our fault ; we offered them kindness, and they declined to accept it—we can do nothing more. 'My determination that you should enjoy your rights as a loyal subject has, I fear, made me rather unpopular among the natives here, and they have.made things as disagree able to ime asthoy could ; but! have one consolation in the midst of : all annoyance, and that is that the outgoing party have been unable to take the money with them. , It is i still concealed here, for I have contrived, no '''' matter how, to have thoroughly searched every bit of luggage, including Master, Owen's, placed ready for removal in the hall/' arid not a coin was found. Even at the last moment I insisted, in the discharge of iriy;', duty as your agent, on being shown the con?! .' tents of a dressing case of which the woman Farrell had special charge. At first she re fused to gratify my reasonable desire, saying impudently, ' There is nothing of yours in it, V or; oE anyone else's: either; besides, the ladies' - ovrn'jewels' ; but, as I feared some of the faniily diamonds, now to be worn only by your wife as Madam O'Oarroll of Cloughrue, might be smuggled in it, I persevered in my - . demand, ' when, hearing the dispute, Miss Lynch called old Byrne and begged he would take the. box from Farrell and let me see what it contained. He did take it with a vengeance ; for he dashed it on the floor, and was about to set his foot on it in his un reasonable anger, but with a low cry she pre vented him, saying, ' Oh ! do not— do not, dear friend. Owen's gift to me is there'; . and then Farrell, seeiner I was determined, took it up and unlocked it, when I saw it con tained only some pearls and other handsome but ordinary jewels after all. However, it was my duty to see, as I am sure you will acknowledge. My dear child Maria will learn from this that her father is careful of ; her interests, and that, as the O'Carroll dia monds must certainly be concealed with the missing hoard, she will, I hope, have the pride and pleasure of adorning herself with them very soon. I say this because, as I have now completely cleansed this house of the . rebel Papists who infested it so long — ser- vants and all — I am about to make a , thorough search in a few days for the hidden treasure, with every probability of a success ful result. ' In this task I have fortunately secured an able and willing assistant in the person of ? a certain Bichard Jones, a Protestant and ' loyal subject, whom you will recollect, on his marriage a few months back, became a tenant on your estate. He is an intelligent fellow, and, as the evenings are dull here, I often have him into the oak parlour of an evening, where we talk freely over matters as they stand. The result of one of these consulta tions was that he sent for his own father and mother to Clonmel, where they live, as the only persons upon whom he can depend to carry out our plans— the father to assist us in the search — the mother, with the help of her daughter-in-law, Dick's wife, to take charge of the housekeeping— that no infor. mation of our movements may be given out side. His father and mother-in-law, the Eyans, are not to be trusted at all, he says— they are utterly benighted Papists ; but his wife may be a little, and he, hopes through her to gain intelligence of the whereabouts of Priest Jackson, whom I confess I should like hugely to see trapped. Jones, at the same time, says above-board that he expects to be paid for his trouble— which, of course, he shall be, one way or the other, for being a loyal subject, it will be easy to put some-; thing in his way without taking anything from ourselves. : ' I know you are short of money just at present, but you will soon have plenty. The rents are dup on thp estate, but the tenants here tell me coolly it is not the custom to pay them so soon — in fact, they were never pressed for at at all until their own reason able time to take them ' up to the master,' as they phraze it ; but we will alter this absurd system at once, and teach these lazy, cunning clods to find money for us at our convenience, not their own. ' Still, do not suffer yourself to be without funds ; you need not be so now that you have entered into possession of your property. Old Booth will give you any amount you wish to ' raise upon it without difficulty. Go, then, and enjoy yourselves— you and Maria— leav- ing me to manage these tenants and force them to keep you in funds for your require ments,' And then, with another flourish o| ' ' iny dear son-in-law,' the epistle ended. ' Sbe has the fellow's pearls still,' was the .first exclamation of the bride, when she had finished reading it. 'If I had them I should make a collar for my lapdog's neck. But I will triumph over her in my diamonds ; they will make up for all.' Eedmond smiled as usual, delighted with what he called her childishness, ' You will have jewels enough before long,' he said. ' At least,' he added sadly, ' «ow shall have somp profit from my treason.' ? I am glad to hear you say so,' was tho ungratious answer, ' as I can have no pleasure from it, looking at you in tho dolefuls all day long.' ' What do you wish me to do P' ho asked sullenly. ' Do !' she repeated; 'get money to be sure — what any man in the world except yourself would have done long since.' ' Where P' he demanded in the same tone. ' Where !' she again re- echoed scornfully ; ' has not papa told you ' where ' P From Booth to be sure. Why don't you get it from him and let us go somewhere, anywhere, out of this place, for I hate it P' ' Ay, let us go away,' he said wearily, and moving towards the door ; but he paused be fore he reached it, and returned to the settee, ^W'iiat flying down' .again V sho cried, out' of all patience..; '.I. thought you woro igoing in search of Booth P' 'I ;#as,' he replied with a shudder, ' until I remembered I should pass through the streets to find him.' ' And what then P' she cried. ' Was it on the roofs of the houses you expected to eo P When then P' * I .feared the people in them,' was the answer, given in a lovy, hoarse tone— ' feared that they would point at me, and that I should hear them whisper to each other as I passed, ? There goes Cain !' 'Oh, what a husband I have chosen !' ox claimed the young wife bitterly. ' Now he feigns madness lost he should have to provide money for me that I may not starve.' She burst into a fit of fretful weeping. He could not bear to see her tears, and, after a little time, he approached her timidly, as if fearing a repulse, and kissed her forehead. 'My darling, I will go to him,' he said, * When it grows dusk you must have all you wishforl' ..- (To be continued.) 