SHEXliE'k'S’ UmFMT&MGHT.; | •WHiLBcthe::!1 doctor, clears :.away and,', ms. ‘f.off-'sider !1 washes up;, two. io£ the'- slosh lamp's—the'.-orthodox .ubiishcandle-r-rarei Jit, and conversation beccmos 'general. ‘' Well, how many did yer cat to-day, Lovely-? ” asked an undersized, nnggety 'individual, o£ a’ lengthy six-foot, slab built1' cornstalk.” “About a ‘ century,’ ” returned Slab" ‘1 Some uvr them wethers .is pretty stiff, eh ?” “ ;My colonial 1 them’s bad sheep for learners, and that ‘ panikiu overseer.’ that’s ' bossing the shed wants’em with no ridges and no belly wool. But here’s;the "prayer books”, coming. IVns yer ahead ,of it last night ? • I ,was in about half , a pound.” This .conversation relates to the approaching interesting social pastime'of gambling for tobacco, indulged iii nightly-by the greater portion- of - our shearing friends; the maiority to their loss and, chagrin, apd a few to their gain. .The .gainers are not as a rule the hardest working and' smartest shearers,' but those who only use the shearing season as a means to an end. These men gchdfally.turn out late, work only for.a short time, and then | return to the hut to await night and their’'less, experienced messmates''at cards. ' But our friends have dis'ributcd ■ themselves by this- timeriuto little groups or“schools,” and gambling com mences. ,, One or two of the smaller;groups are indulging in four:handed cuclirb or crib-' hage for the mild , stakes of a fig'.f corner.' Up-country people do not as a rule smoke cake tobacco, but that kind known ;ag’ fig— Barret’s, twist for instance will furnish an example. There a fellow has actually got the largest hand in' crihbage, the four fives and a Jack. Bet us turn to the school our friend who iuvited us to supper has essayed to try his luck in. The game this, party are discussing is "poker.” (pocco) or 0 ante-up,” and is played somewhat as follow's.:—Each gamester in turn deposits on the- table a stipulated stake, known as “ the,ante.? .The use of the pocket-knife you,see passed, from; each man to his left hand neighbour acts as a guarantee that each player fulfils this rule of the game, as the knife, known by tho tech nical term of “ tho buck,” comes to him. Should he forget to pass “the buck,”.he must “ante” again. The amount is gene rally a fig, in money value about fburpcnce to sixpence. Each man receives five cards, which form quite a number of . combinations, known-by; various gaming,technicalities that would considerably .puzzle a npvice to trans late. When the game is played with the full pack' of cards it is termed? "full-deck; ” if only played with the; picture cards, of: each suit; f‘twcntv-dcck.” The several combinations are variously uomenclatured thusA. routine flush” consists of the hand being all of the same suit,' and a sequence, like king, queen,'jack, ton, nine of hearts.,: This hand can only be . beaten by I fours,” say four sevens.-. It is.considered to be an extraordinary piece of good fortune to get possession of either of'these in' “full deck ” poker; though the ‘-‘ routine flush ” will appear; somewhat oftener in “twenty deck," in which it cannot be beaten., The next in order.is “a full hand,” say three queens and two fives. ’Then""a flush” in which the cards -are all of the same color, but not a sequence such as a king, ten, eight, four, and deuce of spades. “ Threes” follow, say, three queens, ’ Then comes “a runaway,” being cards of different suits but a sequence, like the-ace of diamonds, king of clubs, queen of i spades, qack;o£ "-diamonds, ‘and ten of clubs, .The next of .lesser value is “two pairs,” like' two sevens and two,sixes.. The Jast two hands arid the smallest in value are “a pair” like two queensl Then comes “ace high,” or whatever card, is :of most value in the hand. A good fearless player will often win more stakes with these last than with those of greater value, provided he' be an- adept ' at 1 “ bluffing ” ' or bouncing ; that' is!raising,-the stakes so high that; an opponent will imagine that, he has a .valuable hand, and ;will tint his cards down, thus forfeiting the1 right to the stakes or pool. Another feature of: the game is " going a blind,” that,is putting,in a stake before looking at,the cards. In order to play, or “see a blind", it is necessary. for the opponent to '*straddle” it, that is, put in just the double of the “blind.’” For instance, “ the blind man ” -puts in two figs of tobacco for a stake, any other player must put in four figs. Sometimes several players “see the blind," and then it is that excitement runs high, rind the gambling mania is most apparent. Should no one oppose “ the blind man ” he draws the stakes, consisting of the “ ante,”, and whatever he has deposited in the pool. Sometimes “the blind"' is “ straddled ” by another player, who does not look at his cards, and:it requires three times the amount “blinded” tq see either hand. Should these two wish “ to see” each other, the player who first “ went blind " has to equalize the strikes by making iip the “straddling" deficiency, and, of course; the one having,the most valuable .hand takes the pool, which latter may have also ; been enhanced ' by one or more of the‘‘‘blind men’s” opponents essaying-a venture for the .pool, but owing to'“a rise”.cropping in were afraid, to stake any higher than the original amount required “to see the blind.” The “rising," or more grammatically raising, of the stakes is the principal feature of the game, and ■ the one that causes many a shearer lo, foreswear “ poker.” ; But of course Melbourne -people- know all about cards, at least Melbourne cardsharpers periodically visit the bush to ’“ talce-down ”. the poor, biishman, si that explanation of the game is probably! needless. We will, however, watch the players, and see who.will at the end of a couple, of 'hours have the largest pile of tohacco. There are some good1 hands out now. : -Watch the ‘expression of the players, and note hoiy eager erich;one isidesiTous of • winning. That beardless lad in the corner has “a full hand ” or something good by-the way ' he "shrikes. The' old . gamblers': are watching him. they .will'not “see” him when ho raises , the stakes except they have very good, liaqds. The player sitting third.from, the.cicaler has “chipped” a fig’ the man .next him haschipped ” also, arid risen it two figs in addition. Four figs are in "the !pool now.,: It-is tho boy’s turn. (Our suspicions of the good band, are ; correct.) “ I’ll rise it-half a-pound,” lie says, that is ten figs'move, making, fourteen figs in ‘the pool.-. “I’ll see that'and raise it a pound,” says r our\ friend' with the cabbage-tree. The pool ip thus increased to thirty-four figs. The next four players have packed their hands,.they know that there is' some “warm priper" out. The'dealer will have nothing to do with' it, iior- the next two players. The fir^t “chipper” “sees”.the whole of the stakes, and raises them another .two pounds., Seventy-four figs of tobacco is now'iri ,the, pool.’' The man who first rose the' ^lay, interjects, "I’m. out of it I" : The; boy, a “ learner ” both at shearing, and; poker, trembles like an aspen leaf, his dips are white, and the sweat stands on his forehead as he pauses to consider whether he'shall! venture ;to make good the amount of pool, ■required, in . bis case amounting . to nearly four, pounds of. .tobacco, or about (wenty- five. to 'thirty skillings in money, value. 11 I’ll.' sec it out,” he says, and gives his'promise to makeup the amount if .the station; store:is closed,-and he jis nnablp to getmpre tobacco. Our friend also pauses,;and probably sqys'to himself, “This boy'maybea ‘stonewaller It is' only for a: 'moment, he' is doubtless an. old ihaud ■ at this; “T‘ll see it too, and irisc it two:ipounilr, nipre.'” This frightens, til others, mid they allghastUy pack, their cards' save the boy1,,,whose hands ' appear lej 'be afflicted withJ palsy.1,! He' 'thinks"-'for I <r moinontpand at last 'agrees to make good , thp.nd.veiiced;.amount., “AYbnt havp,;yer found,’’ , he ,,tremulously queries.' , “ Four jacks,” responds his opponent'us he spreads out his cards oh the table: Tle'boy'is jnh white as a ghost,! he throws dowirhis1 three apes ami iwokingslwith an, oath, ?md.leaves the table a poorpr lad. ^y neatjy six pounds' of tobacco, ottsomethipg.over £2 sterling; a ' great: deal more thaii-he; hai earhc'd'in: a fortnight after paying hlsi^tuckeribill.’1 and' the;cook., Vpt.if 'you Art here, to-morrow might he, will ,he. playing,,again,.but 'very cautiously,-Dajne' Fortune hris ,betrayeci..hitri ’ so. The tables We getting deserted; snoring' -is'.'beginning) to.beiheard frora'aU:pairt6 of ...the hut :, “ Hero's twoEparohufika, chap's,so ppread. yer .bluejes,” -suggests, .Cabbage-tree.' Trip lupt to turn'in puts out; the'slush lamps ' though 'they are' ofteK’ left to burn 'themselves out; n;A'i bank'is- a! luxury I'aftcf'campion .under,a Hfep fora! few:ijights,,andiyou are , soon . in; the, arnis, of Morpheus. „ .Vou, are awakened ‘By the noise of the 'shearers' ; - getting their; tibffee and cake ‘ before turning to for a couple'of hours before breakfast. Though pressed tp-stay to; breakfastyouiare anxious to proceed on your, joprney, and. "after partaking of some of the mocha arid II sjj'ot”'(cake) you saddle'your nags,1 arid striking into n< erintcr>-sootf -leave the “ toiiri-. hawkers’.”; camp-in the .rear, acknowledging ; that, you can, find .genuine hospitality,.anil 'ample'food for reflection besides, even by Eojo'urriiig^'for-ifriightntW'alicarer’s hiif,1 