fPmftnx. THE IAETYEDOM OF MADELINE. A NEW UOVEL. Br Uobeei Buchanan; Attthor of ?? A Child of Natcoe ; or, The Tbyse OF ARBAXM.OBB;' 'SHAOOW OF THE SWORD, &c;, &c.; Chafteb. XVII.— Imogen. Behind the scenes of the Royal Parthenon . Theatre on a sultry evening in July. The first act of the play was over, and the carpen ters \rere busy setting and preparing the scenes for the next act, while Bart, the stage manager, stood perspiring under his white nai, wiin nis uacK. ui we cm utui. jc jgurca xu all kinds of costumes coming and going; female voices chattering, male voices grum bling, and made the confusion worse con founded, when Abrahams, the manager, sumptuously attired in a dress suit, which might have 'been borrowed from a slop shop in Houndsditch, came panting on to the stage. 'Well,53 he asked, gazing at Hart with a bloodshot, questioning eye, ' It is a go ; will she do 5' The stage manager was too old a hird to commit himself so earlv in the even ing, but he answered off -hand, with one eye 'on the carpenters, the other on Ms em ployer. ' I think she wilL What do they say in ? front f' 'Say! They're in ecstasies. Cateford says she is the biggest thing he's seen since Jit dec. Why the ae vil doesn't Brady act up tc her!' Well, it'll depend now on her legs — if her legs are all right when she comes on as tLe Loy.;' ' ' That's in act three.' 'Tea, in act three. Hay says she's too thin: but didn't she have them in the garden scttie? It was splendid I5' ' Well, I'm going to speak to her, and tell her the impression she made. I think Its all light.' So saying the manager pushed his way across the stage, and winding in and out among set pieces, wings, loose pieces of canvas, slid all .the liotsam and jetsam of the theatre, made -his way along a dingy passage till he came to a dirty door which stood ajar. Here lie knocked, and, without waiting for an in vitation, entered a largish room, hastily fitted up as an actress's retiring room. Mirrors and various degrees of magnificent dinginess were liucg .on every side; a large gilded sofa' occa- sionally used oa the stage iu so-called ' ban \- cueting' scenes stood in a corner, chairs of divers gaudy patterns were scattered here and v there, and in the centre was a walnut wood table with gilded legs. At the further end of the room were drawn cjunson curtains, communicating with the ji.oi e private portion of the dressing-room. 'Hallo, White, here you are !' exclaimed tie manager to a solitary figure sitting on the giided sofa, and smoking a cigar. (the dramatic author (for it was he) rose and seized the manager's hand. His own was trembling like a leaf, and his eyes were dim with moisture very like tears. 'It's all right then?' he said eagerly, sjiaost pleadingly. ''If she goes on as she has begun she'll astonish, the town. Ah, here she is.' As he spoke the curtains were drawn back ):y the hand of a female attendant, and the fceroine of the evening appeared chid in her ** change' for the second act — an exquisite \- jlress of white samite, thinly embroidered with silver, Locks of dark hair fell loosely ever her shoulders, and set in its midst was a face cf the most dreamlike and spiritual tcauly, lit by two large eyes which once seen were never to be forgotten. Iu another woman perhaps those eyes . might have seemed too pale, too forget-me-not like in Luc, but in fier they harmonised strangely vith the wonderful hair aud. the pleasant mobile Una. xau, sugar, ana yec nneiy ana even fuBy-fcrmed, the actress was in the prime of .her womanhood, and as she ad vanced with eyes full of limpid light, and lips tremulously smiling, she looked supremely bright and fair. 'Yet despite her loveliness and despite her sir of evanescent happiness, there was some thing in her look, and still more in 1ier man ner, -which seemed full of nameless trouble. 'There was too quick an attempt to seem un vcbtrained and gay, too strange a readiness to ,--eizc light occasions for nervous laughter, too impatient a sense of her own be'auty and of the light sparkling upon it. Her very ges ture at times was at once imperious and reckless, she seemed like one who commands, jtt shrinks from the obedience of some wild srimal crouching at her feet. vt gun* was abGuigc&ti; ujt am, sue seeuieaL sud denly, in the midst of her gayest laughter, to pauie with a kind of listening terror, while the light faded from her eyes and the sict jr.ess of a nameless horror touched, every feature of her face. ?It is not to be supposed that these fluctua tions of feeling would at once have struck jusy one but a very close observer. To the ordinary eye, such as that of Abrahams, hers was simply a lovely face, characterised by marvellous lights and shades of expression. Pile advanced smiling into the room, and licfd cut both her hands to White. . 'Oh, Mr. White,' she said, with something cf her childish manner, 'I am so glad you cave come round.' -,,,-, *.-?_ Virile took both her hands and held tnem tenderly in Lis own, while the manager t-ciinicd'aEd nodded. 'How do you feel, nsy dear?' asked the latter. ' ' 'Kc-rvcs all light, eh? Shall I send you v\i some champagne ?' ?' No, thaj-'k you, I never drink wine.' ' A ad right you are,' said Abrahams. 'It's ir.e curse of the profession, and death to a j «-tty face. LookatMrs-Ciaudlesley! She was the talfe of the town for a whole season, and yet she drank herself to death. The very year sfcc died they offered her one hundred pounds a night to star in the States, and if pfcc bad goneand Jtept sober she might have come back with twenty thousand pounds.3' ahe.actress was not listening, her smile had ? fa€ed, and elie was gazing with strange wist fulccES into White's face. Shedid not speak, but her look said something more significant flan words, something that filled his eyes and threat with tears, and misted the glasses of Jiis hpectatlcs. He squeezed her little fingers in his trembling hands. ' I can't tell you how happy I am, he said. ?'*' More than happy ; proud J This is a great sight for all of us— a great night' ' ' You think so,' she returned sweetly, .. . - vTlft»»lmiPfrBW.atli«ri n ni. 'Mi^aag£aahijaa=KLak3 ^^^u AbistiaiiiK looked at her with ^rnwintj ad ?'How about that big scene in Act 3?' he sfcked. 'Do you feel up to it, my dear? Well, .that's right; and. what White here says Jsay— this will be a great night for all of ns, if you only finish as you're begun.' Here .there- wa3 a rap at the door, aud a shrill voice 'Overture's finished, Miss Vcre,' whereupon the; three, still in conversation, moved slowly towards the stage. The play was 'Cymbeline,' and it was 'Miss TercV* first appearance in the character of Imogen. The regular season at the Parthenon being over, and the eminent tragedian who was generally its chief orna meet bring away in the provinces, Abrahams had been pursuaded to try the new actress in an unfamiliar Shakespearian character. Of course, as is usual in such cases, the plav bss 'scamped.' All the old scenery of tfce'thoatre was called into requisition, and the costumes were a startling combination of all the romantic periods. This gave the critics of the daily newspapers an opportunity of saying next morning that ' the new aud appropriate ? scenery* was everything that could be desired, and that the strictest accu racy was observed in-the minutest detail of properties and costumes.' But the plag-going public had come that night not to see fine scenery or good costumes, not to listen to the dreary spouting of the members of the stock company, but 'to wit ness the first London appearance of a young lady of whomrnmor had prophesied great things. The1 house was crammed with 'paper.' The critics iof the big papers satin the stalls ; and the critics of the small papers were sprinkled through the dress circle. Literature, art, and the drama were well represented. Sir Tilbury Swallow, who bad married -the once famous actres3, Miss T?awn; and who bad been knighted fer bis literary services by the reigning family, occupied a' private box with his still beautiful wife. Professional beauties, of less conspicuous virtue, shone resplendant every where. Deep in a stall, buried in the abyss of his own personality, and glaring thence occasionally with, saturnine cheek and lack lustre eye, sat the great Mr. Blanco Serena, the pre-Kaphaelite painter. The fact was, nearly every individual present in the better parts of the house possessed, or was supposed to possess, some sort of interest in dramatic, pictorial, or literary art. In the centre of the stalls, however, sat a figure whose appearance was in. striking con trast to that of the habitual theatre- goera surrounding him. In any gathering he would have attracted attention ; in the pre sent lie was specially remarkable. He was a broad-shouldered muscular man of about thirty, with a face bronzed to a deep brown by exposure to the tropical sun. He had a high forehead, black eyes, a square, deter mined jaw, a thick, black moustache covered his upper lip, but his cheeks were clean shaven. Even in bis well-made dross suit, with faultless linen and spotless tie, he had the appearance of a man whose true place would 'be leading a forlorn hope or standing alone in some position of lonelinessand peril. He cat and listened, or rose and looked about him between the acts, with the air of one to whom a theatre was more or less un familiar, and he listened to the whole play, even to the ranting of the subordinate actress, with the approval of a man enioying a new sensation, and quite unable or 'unwilling to be dissatisfied or critical. But from the first moment the new actress appeared upon the stage this man had watched her iu fascinated amazement, and as long as she remained there he had eyes for nothing else but her face. As the play pro ceeded his expression changed from one of wonder and doubt to another of deep surprise and pain. His brows were knitted, Ms coun tenance strangely troubled. When the cur tain fell on the first act he sat moveless, and made no attempt to join in the general spplause. Throughout the second act he remained in the same position, troubled and expectant. When it ended he rose quietly, and made his way to the saloon: Various excited groups were congregated here. One group, consisting of several very young gentlemen, a little bald-headed man, with a simpering voice, and a swarthy lean man, wrapped up to the throat in a large white muffler, clearly representing the fourth estate. The lean man in the muffler was holding forthwith more zeal than eloquence on the personal appearance of the debutant. ' Where did she come from ?' asked one of the very young gentleman. *? Where did Abrahams pick her up?' . 'I've heard that her parents lived in Paris,' answered the lean man, 'and that she used to sing ence when quite a young girl, at a cafechwntant. White knows all about her, I believe.' 'Wbat_ power she showed in the cave scene,' said another very young gentleman. ' Do you think so ?' the lean man said, re flectively. 'She rather disappointed me there. And I don't like the delivery of the blank verse. n 'Beastly immoral play !' drawled the man with the bald head. What the French call scabrevxf i St. ' Why, it's Shakespeare ;' gasped one of the very young gentlemen; 'Are you sure^of that ? And if it is? ? Shakespeare, or eo Shakespeare., the licenser would suppress it, if it were submitted to. him now for the first time.' 'Oh ! oh !' groaned several voices. And what is more,' persisted the man with the bald head ; ' no manager could look at such rubbish. ' It's very good poetry, aud all that sort of thing, but it's what I call a -; — bad play, thoughyou fellows haven't the pluct to say so !' Here there was a general laugh, 'What do you think of the Imogen?' asked the lean man. 'Pretty good,' drawled the other. 'When X was an attache in Constantinople I once saw a woman's hand waving out of a house on the Bosphorus. I jumped out of my boat, and went into the house, tripping an eunuch at the deor wlio tried to prevent me. I ran from room to room till I came to a splendid open court with afountaia, and there I saw a veiled woman sitting in . the sun. The mo ment I appeared she lifted up the veil and showed the loveliest face I ever saw. I need not give you the sequel of the story. She bad seen meat a distance, and hadbeenstrack by my style of beauty. I afterwards found she was the favorite wife of the Grand Vizier. Well, she was the very image of the girl who is playing Imogen to-night. Poor little Sehelmaigav.' ' Was that her name ?' ' Yes ; old Muzid afterwards found out about my visits, and the cruel bowstring and sack business terminated the adventure. I tried to save her, but they found some of my Turkish letters (£ write Turkish rather better than I write English) on her person. She kept them, too long, in. the hopes of getting some one to read them to her, for she couldn't ' read herself.' Standing close to the group the swarthy gentleman with the moustache had listened totbc close with a smile as he sipped a glass of lemenade. Suddenly he felt himself touched upon the shoulder, while a hasty ?voice exclaimed, 'Sutherland! is it possible?' Turning quietly, lie found himself face to face with a bright-eyed, full-bearded, little man. cf forty, who used an eye-glass, and spoke with the greatest suspicion of a Scottish accent. 'Crieff?' 'Yes,' reiurced the little man. 'But is it yourself? How long have you been in England?' 'Just one month,' said Sutherland. '.When I last heard of you, you were some where in the wilds of North America. There . was a paragraph going round that you had joined a Free-love community in the Western States. Well, of all the places in the world, the last I should expect to find you in is a theatre^ Do you like the new actress ?' ' I am not a very good judge of acting,' replied Sutherland, quietly, ' but if you mean -2o I like her personally?' ' Well, it comes to that.' ' Then I think she is the most beatiful woman I have ever seen I' 'You don't say that 3' said the little man, opening his eyeSj 'Only once m my life before, and that was j-ears ago, under extraordinary circum stances, have I seen such a face. Should it be ibe same— but no, that is scarcely possible. Do you know anything of Miss vere's- his- tory Tf 'Kothing.' ' Of course, it is not her first appearance on the stage?5 ' I tliii.k not. She has had some years of practice in the provinces. If you are inte retted in the lady, come and sup with me to night at the Harum Scarum.' 'What's that?' 'A club of night-birds, where the small -compare tlieir notes and pick each other's brains for ideas. The strongest will and the loudest voice settle the matter, and what they say overnight is echoed in a dozen news papers next morning.' *' But what has that to do with Miss Vere ?' ' Everything. You'll hear all that is known concerning her, for the night- birds know everything, and— Taut the curtain's going up. Of course youll come?' 'Yes,' replied Sutherland, and the two men returned to their places in the audi torium. The third act was a revelation audasur pi ise, even to those who believed most in the new actress. In the great scene with Pisanio, .when, cu her way to Milford Haven, Imogen learns for the first time herhusband'sdiaboli «al suspicions, the actress fairly took the Loufe by storm, till at the great speech lending — tVe wljoif audience rose in one surge of \\.i:- ii.t i v .*. ».l-.!V.s-.\ l'aie a* Urat.h, with 1ij;i large eyes gleaming and her delicate frame trembling like a leaf. Miss Vere trembled before the -unexpected tempest, aud it was some minutes before the scene could proceed. When it did so the actress seemed exhausted to the quick, and .the pensive wail — Talk Ihv tongue weary ; speak ! I bare heard 1 am a strumpet ; and mine ear, Therein false struck, can make no greater wound, Nor tent to bottom that— , was uttered with a melancholy so infinite— ' pathos so despairing, that Sutherland, who cad heard the excitepiant and enthusiasm,' felt the words sink like lsad into his heart. His own face was livid now despite its tan, and a shiver ran through his veins. A scene or two later, when Imogen is transformed into Fidele, the actress still held her audience, but with a less mysterious fas cination. In her boy's dress, which was charmingly delicate and becoming, she fully warranted the exclamation Of Belarius on first beholding her— By Jupiter, an angel ! or it not, An earthly paragon ! Behold diviaencss So elder than a boy. Her acting, nroreover, was pathetic in the extreme ; and thenceforth until the end of thejplay hersuccess was assured. The curtain felL Call after call greeted the actress, who looked completely exhausted by. her efforts, and could scarcely conjure up a smile as she gathered up the bouquets which had been liberally provided for her. White sat in the dark background of a box crying for joy. As the audience streamed out of the theatre Sutherland came shoulder to shoulder witii little -Crieff, who had invited him to sup at the Harum Seareum. ' ' How glum you look !' said CriefE. ' Are you disappointed ?' 'Disappointed, no.' 'You don't seem to share the general en thusiasm?' ' I do share it, but as I told you* I am no judge of acting.' 'well, come and hear what the night-birds say about it. Shall we walk to'the club. It's only a few streets away.' Arm in arm in the moonlight the two men walked away. Sutherland had lighted a cigar, and now while the other chattered he scarcely uttered a word. CHArrEB XVI1L— The Haktjm-Scabums. Mr. J. Watson Crieff was assistant editor of the CJiaring Cross Chronicle, an evening newspaper devoted to smart writing and the conservation, of Church and State. He was a hardworking Scotchman, with no pretensions to literary attainments, but honorably con nected with journalism in many wayd. He was not a regular theatre goer, still less a professed critic, but he sometimes, as on the present occasion, went to sec a Shakesperian performance, and wrote about it afterwards honestly and well. Passing along the Strand he led his friend down a street running at right angles to the banks of the Thames, and soon entered the dingy building where the Harum-Soarum3 were accustomed to hold high festival. Pro ceeding upstairs he entered a large room, at one end of which was a fire and a silver grill presided over by a man cook clad in white. 'Xhe room was becoming crowded by men of all degrees and ages, cleanshaven actors and hirsute journalists having the preponderance, and more than one greeted Cricif by name. . He soon found a table, and ordered a plain supper for himself and friend. A loud chatter filled the air, and everyone was talking of the debutante at the Parthenon. Among the other faces around him Sutherland at once recognised title very, young gentleman aud the lean man in the muffler whom he had heard discoursing at the theatre saloon. ' It's all right,' said Crieff quietly. ' The jury are bringing in an unanimous verdict of 'successful.' I think I shall abuse her in the Chranide, just to show I've a mind of my own.' 'If you do, I'll call you out !' ' There's Abrahams, the manager, button holing Day of the Sun, and rolling his eyes ia well-feigned enthusiasm. If you watch him, you'll see him take the jury seriatim, and go through the same performance irith every one of them. I thought so 1 He's ordering cham pagne.' 'Who is that gentleman?' asked.Suther land, glancing towards the next table, where a little bald-headed man, surrounded by several admiring friends, was trifling with the cruet. Sutherland had recognised the individual who, in the saloon of the theatre, had intro duced the little anecdote of his amours iu Con stantinople. *; What, don't you know Mm? That's Legardere, of the Plain Speaker. 'Indeed! A journal, I presume?' ' Tlie journal of the period, based upon the new principle of extenuating nothing and setting down everything in malice. liagar dere can tell you to a nicety where La Perichole buys her false teeth, how much money Mrs. Harkaway Spangle pays her washerwoman weekly, and when any given leader of society . is likely to pawa her diamonds or eiope with her cook. You kuow Tennyson's lines — A lie \vlrich is all a lie can lie met with aud fought vith cntiight, Bat a lie which Is half a truth is a harder matter to fight! Lagardere has achieved the complete art c* so mingling truth, and falsehood together that it is impossible even for himself to distin guish the one from the other. What wine will you take?' 'None. I am a water-drinker.' 'Still? Well, you thrive upon the crystal dranght. Hallo, what's Lagardcre romancing about now?' - ' . As he spoke the gentleman in question was leaning back in his chair, aud in his peculiar drawl, to the edification of Ms immediate friends and admirers, speaking as follows : — ' When I was with the army in Schleswig HolsteiB, the hereditary Duke of Schlang berg-Schwangan lived in the same hotel, aud there was an .English, girl stopping with Mm disguised as a young ofiicer. The Duke laid a wager that this girl would smoke more cigars than I could in the course of twelve hours. Bismarck, who dropt in by accident, held the stakes. We began at 6 p.m., aud smoked on till four in the morning, when the girl gave in and had to be carried off to bed. I mention the fact because she was exactly the same height as the girl wao acted to night.' 'Impossible! Can't be the same,' said some one, feebly. . 'Can'tsay, I'm sure. Bat it's the same sort of face, and the girl when j ou pro «ded her with champagne used to lecite splen didly.' ' ? How long was this ago, Lagardere ?' asked Crieff, leaning over towards the other table. 'Abouttwelve years. The date is fixed in my memory, because it was the year I fought the duel with the Austrian colonel at Vienna.' Cric-fE smiled. 'And if,' he said, 'we put down Miss Vere's age at four and twenty — I believe she's scarcely twenty- two— she must have been, at the period yoa name, exactly twelve years ol&r; A general laugh greeted this retort, but the journalist was not all disconcerted. 'You see, these sort of women are all so ' much alike,' lie drawled. 'I've seen the same type of face in the harem at Stamboul, ' among the nautch dancers of India, and at the Jardin Mabille.' : Sutherland, who had with difficulty kept his temper during this little scene, now : turned his dusky eyes full on Lagardere. 'What do you mean by these sort of women?' ° . . J_agardere shrugged his shoulders. *' What I meant was simply this, sir. Just as we recognise in certain faces the Jewish ? physiognomy; just as we see in certain re- ; Bgious orders the ascetic or separatist expe rience ; just as in another way we distinguish the blood of the racehorse, or the breei of the greyhound, so we recognise in a certain , type of women, the type of the hetairai. That ' type is so uniform on the stage that if we take up a whole album of theatrical beauties we shall find the features of a family, the characteristics of twin-sisters.' ' And I am to understand,' said Suther land, still retaining his self-possession, 'that in Miss Vere you recognise the type of woman ' without virtue?' ' Certainly,' drawled Lagardere, ' ' Ob- . serve, I am making no personal accusation. If the lady is a friend of yours ? ' Sutherland rose to his feet. 'And if she. is. Mr. Lagardere, since that is your name ? ' 'Why, then, I envy your luck, that's all,' returned Lagardere, with an ugly smile ; and there was a general laugh. Sutherland's hands came down,- and they were clenched as if for a blow, but 'Crieffi placed a warning hand upon his arm, aud drew bim away. 'Don't exeite yourself,' he said. 'It's only tagardere.' ** The man is a scoundreL' ' Everybody knows that.' ' He deserves to be horsewhipped.' ' Bless you, he lias been horsewMpped over and again; I think he rather likes it; and whenever it occurs he publishes a full ac count in his own journal. Come, you're no match fcr him, with his poisoned shafts. He'd find out the weak point in your armor at once. Come to the smoking-room, and have a cigar. As they crossed the room together they heard the ^voice of Lagardere beginning again 'with its usual drawling monotony. 'I Eay, Day, whose the fire-eater with Crieff? He reminds me of a man who once threatened to thrash me at St. Petersburg. It began at a card party, where four of us . were playing — the- Grand Duke Nicolas/ Prince Nectolowski, old Gortschenkoff, and '* ?nfrl--*|'f *-'%3li t^JL 'V'.*:-'^- '?1''!^*'— ^- -'* '- 3P« jtf» VMljifc ^'3 ?* — '?*' -1*- ?*»' 'V f»«o was convuibcd, and his frame shook '-? vni; ;.? italic n. 'My dear Sutherland, you're exciting yourself for nothing. What is Miss Vere to you?' 'She is this much,' said Sutherland, 'that if I thought it would serve her I would kill that man like a dog.' \- 'Kill tagardere? Bidieulous! Why, he's excellent fun.' 'Crieff, don'ttalklikethat— it'snotworthy of you. You know that mad is a villain.' ' Upon my word I don't think so.' 'What?' 'He only talks as most men do when actresses are in question, and I assure you he he is a man of experience.' . ' Experience ? echoed Sutherland bitterly. 'Yes, he has rolled in the shambles like the rest of us ; he has polluted his body and his soul— and because he , knows pollution he dares tofcpeak of one who is perhaps a martyr, and is to him an angel to a deviL Well, you are light, he only talks lite the rest. Crieff, when I think of what that man is. of what most of us are, I hate my life, I wish I had never been 'born,1' 'If you go on like this, old fellow, I shall think you are in love.' 'With my own ideal, yes. With- that weman, though she almost realises it, no.' ' I'm glad to hear it,'said Crieff, earnestly. 'You're too good stuff to be wasted on an actress.1' ? ? ' . ' ' The re again ! Yon to sneer at one whose foul you cannot comprehend. Crieff, neither you nor I am worthy to tie that woman's shoestrings ! Grant that her life has been evil ; I'll not believe it, but assume it for the moment. What she has been .society has made her. If she has. fallen, it has been through the lusts of our accursed sex ; and even now, her divine face, iu its almost super natural sorrow and sweetness, rebukes our lusts and puts our wicked experiences to shame. O we men, we men ! We who talk of purity, and seek it in our mothers and our wives ! What are we ? What are our lives ? Sinks of foul passion, privileged by society, and protected by the spirit of the law. I tell you, until a nian'slife is as pure as he would have the life of the woman be loves, he has no right to throw one stoae at the most fallen woman in the world.' There was silence for the space of some minutes. The two men smoked their cigars — Sutherland looking at vacancy, Criefr. watching his face. The latter broke silence first. ' ' There's more in this than you've yet told me. Are you sure you have seen Miss Vere to-night for the first time ?:l ' I am not sure.' . '« You know her?' ' No, but she is the ghost of a wonrih I once saw.' Another pause, then Crieff spoke again. ' I tell you what, the best thing you can do is to make her acquaintance. Shall I ask Abrahamsto introduce you?' To his friend's surprise, Sutherland turned upon him a look of the uttermost consterna tion, and then said in a low voice — 'Not yet.' Chapter XIX.— A Painte&'s Model. While the public were busy discussing the merits and demerits of. the star which had thown forth so suddenly upon the theatrical horizon, the lady herself was sitting in her dressing room apparently indifferent to all that passed or was likely to come. Her theatrical splendor had been cast off, and en veloped now in a plain dark dress, she sat with dishevelled hair, and pale cheeks, gazing dreamily at her own reflection in a mirror. Her maid, who was busily engaged in folding a delicate robe, was suddenly in terrupted in her work by a knock at the door. She opened it and admitted White. He walked over to the dreamy girl, put his arm around her shoulders, and kissed her fondly. 'Madeline, here I am,' he said quickly, with a glance at the busy, listening maid.. ' Are you almost .ready to come home ?' 'I am quite ready,' returned Madeline, awakening from her dream. She rose at once, coiled up her hair — put on her hat and cloak, and after giving a few directions to her maid, took White's arm aud left the room. The house had been emptied and darkened, and. the curtain raised, but confusion still prevailed upon the stage. Carpenters, scene snifters, property men, actors and actresses, bereft of their splendor, all gathered accord ing to their different grades around Abra hams, Hart, and the acting manager, who were holding forth like the outer world upon the merits of the heroine of the night. Madeline plainly dressed, thickly veiled, and clinging closely to White's arai, hopei to pass unseen through the crowd ; but no sooner had she reached the centre o£ the stage than the keen eye of the mauager fell upon her, and he advanced with outstretched liar, d s. ' My dear Miss Vere,' he said, ' allow me to cotgj atulate you on a big success. You've hit 'em right between tlie eyes, my dear. Yoa have, by Jove 1 I always said you would. Didn 1 1 always say you would V Aud turn ing to White he added— '?While, old man, dine with me to-morrow at five sharp. I've a lot to talk over.' Madeline received the homage quietly enough, and by a slight pressure of her hand upon the arm of her delighted guardian hurried him along cut through the stage door. It was a calm, still night, the sky was studded with stars ; not a breath of air was stirring, but the noise in the streets was deafening, the confusion terrible. A crowd was gathered round the theatre .door — eab3 rattled up and down — streams of people moved hither and thither, as if in a feverish dream. Once in the open air WMte paused to hail a cab, but Madeline stopped Mm. ' Let us walk,' she saidquickly. ' I am so feverisMy excited, a breath of this cool ah will do me good.' 'As you please, my dear,' returned White, and clasping her baud more firmly upon his arm, he led her through the ever moving crowd. What a crowd it was ! Men and women, old and young, rich and poor, mingling .together in one perpetual stream ; shivering, starving, half-clad children, brazen street-walkers disporting in finery even more gorgeous than that wMch the-actress had cast aside, and pale-faced wantons glaring ghastly beneath the gaslight, clutching at their ra^s, and forcing their parched heated lips to offer up a curse to TTitn who had ma.de them what they were. Still veiled, still clinging, closely to White's arm, Madeline passed slowly on, watching the crowd surge up and down beside her, seeing the faces pale, haggard, gaunt, and famine stricken,- flashing like phantoms of the past. Now and then, as some weary woman passed beneath the glare of the gas light, Madeline would pause and instincti rely stretch forth hei-hand, as if to offer succor ; but White, tightening Ms hold upon her, soothed the strange agitation ?which lie knew to be rising, and firmly urged her on. Thus jthey left the trouble and ths turmoil beliind them, and passing into a sequestered 'square, with green trees around them, and the starlit heaven above, paused for a moment to listen to the roaring of the crowd. Madeline raised her veil, and looked up ward. 'To think,' she said, ' that such a serene sky should shine upon so much poverty and sorrow. Mr. White, Mr. White, I wonder if any people are ever happy until they die ?' ?'Happy! Of courac they are. But come, Madeline, we are lingering too long. I mea,n to drink a bottle of champagne to-night to celebrate your success, my dear.' Madeline said no more, but quietly suffered him to lead her home. It was certainly not such a home as one - would picture as the abode of the queen of night, for Mr. WMte, whose circumstances had never been affluent, had been brought lower than ever of late through the demands made upon him by Madeline, whom it had been necessary to clothe superbly before she could be presented to the admiring eyes of the world ; still, poor as they were, the rooms were dear to Madeline, and as she entered them she felt steal over her a sense of security and peace which she had not ezps rienced all that evening before. The good news had sped quickly, and the welcome given to the young actress was in keeping with all the rest. The table was spread for supper, the solitary bottle of champagne stood afc the head, . and poor Madame Beauvoir, now very worn and much aged, stood upon the narrow, dimly-lighted stairs, with outstretched hands and quiver ing voice. ? Ah, my dear!' she said as she drew Madeline into the bedroom, and assisted her to remove her hat and cloak, 'to think that only a few years ago you stood at my poor dear Marie's knee, and listened with open eyes and mouth to the stories she used to tell about the theatre. Now you are a leading lady, and she ... oh ray poor girl !' '?Don't cry, Madame Beauvoir,' said Made line, gently. ' I think Marie is happy.' 'Ah, Miss Madeline, how can I help griev ing when I think of all my Marie has lost. To think that when she was rising so rapidly the should throw herself away upon a man who could scarccljr keep her ; that she should cause her father to die of a broken heart, aad bring me to this.' As she listened she sank into a chair, and lelt her weary head rest again upon her han i i. Her face was paler than it had been before, and. Madame Beauvoir looking at her saw that a look of terrible sadness, wMch she had often notie-ed before, was creeping again into Madeline's eyes. 'Madeline, my dear,' she said, 'you ought to' be happy.' The girl raised her head and smiled, and the smile was even more pitiful to behold.' than the look of sadness had beeu. 'Yes, you are right, Madame Beauvoir,' she-said. 'I ought to be happy, so I will be 1 firm ibis night forth;' and as if to avoid1 further conversation sue passed out into th ; ^JUiflfcmflimEbSW Bht f y^inff W-h'te awaiting her with a look of contented happiuesa in hU ace. Puzzled and thoughtful, Madame Beauvoir watched her go. What was the matter with the girl? She could not telL Some twelve months before that day, when, in answer to an appeal from her, WMte had offered her a licrac with himself and ward, she had come full of her own troubles, expecting to find a dark-eyed, vivacious, beautiful girl to soothe and comfort her. But instead of being the comforted she became the comforter. The first sight of the girl rent her heartstrings. Could this be Madeline Hazelmere? Could this be vivacious, dark- eyed cMld who had been the very impersonation of impulse and joy ? Tins woman with the pale cheeks and strange, sad eyes ? Madame Beauvoir paused before her shattered vision, gave one pro longed look, and burst into tears. 'Do not cry, dear mad'ame,' Madeline had said, kindly, taking her old friend affec tionately in her arms, ' the poor chevalier has gone from a world in which it is more terrible to live in than to leave. I hope ho has no memory of it — that at least he is at peace. Strange words to come from a girl -scarce twenty years of age. They affected the Frenchwoman strangely at the time, and set her pondering afterwards. The longer she remained with WMte the more she became impressed with the terrible change that had taken place in Madeline. It was not that tbe child had become a woman, and had learnt to subdue her spirits to a sadder, more womanly tone ; her soul was haunted by a memory which poisoned every cup of joy wMch was lifted to her Hp3, and converted the world into a hell. What the memory was Madame could not under stand, but she knew, whenever the girl's pros pects seemed brightest, it haunted her the most, and that on that night when, she had fhore forth upon the world and made hun dreds envy her, it seemed to loom before her eyes in the blackest guise of alL For several days after that night when she had achieved her great theatrical triumph Madeline was too much occupied with busi ness to give much thought to herself. She teemed to be lifted on a whirlwind of fame, ard carried along in tumult— forgetting the past, thinking nothing of the future, and scarcely conscious even of the intoxicating present. Oil the third morning, however, a note arrived which dispelled the cloud that en veloped her and brought her to herself again. The note had been placed among many others upon Madeline's plate at tliebreakfasttable. She looked twice or thrice at the handwriting, then opened it, and read as follows : — ' My dear Ophelia— For the last few days I have lieen looting every hour, nay, every minute, for a vi»it from you. Am I to be again honored by a visit ft tin you in my studio, or may I take the liberty of -waiting upon you? I have been putting one or two finishing tenches to my work, but without the pieftiice of the original I cannot bring it to com pletion. 'Accept my friendly homage, which must be to \ cu like a diop of water to the ocean. Bianco Seresa.^' Having persued the note Madeline laid it down again upon the table and looked round the room.' How poverty-stricken it looked ? How opposed to everything in the house of the 6-uccessful painter who wrote that letter. She finished her scrutiny hastily, and turned to WMte who sat near her with Ms head buried in the folds of the Times. ' Mr. Serena thinks that success has turned my head,' she said quietly; *' I must undeceive him by giving him my last sitting for Ophelia to-day.' Accordingly as scon as breakfast was over White retired to Ms studio, and Madeline went on her way. On arriving at the house of Mr. Blanco Serena she was made to feel her greatness .more than ever she had done before. The man in livery looked at her with awe in his eyes as he led her solemnly through the fan tastic corridors to the studio, and ushered her into the presence of the great man him self. Mr. Blanco Serena sat amongst his pictures. He wore an Eastern dressing-gown, and smoked afantasticaUy twisted meerschaum pipe. His eyes were fixed with wrapt atten tion upon the walls where ' his . oven handiwork was displayed ; but when Madeline came in, he withdrew his eyes, collected his thoughts, and gave her a kindly welcoms. To all Ms congratulations Madeline listened quietly, then she took her place before the painter, and as he painted her thoughts wan dered to the past. 'An, those eyes, those eyes !' he thought to himself, as he painted rapidly. ?' I cannot put them on canvas. The critics will rave about my Ophelia, but their praise will never satisfy me. If I could only paint tae expres sion of those eyes I should tliink myself the genius they call me, not the poor duffer I know myself to be.' Nevertheless, he tried and tried again, while Madeline sat patiently. At length the studio door was opened, and with much cere inorjy, but no announcement, a stranger was shown iu. (To be continued.) 