OUR MELBOURNE LETTER. MELBOURNE, April 3. The coming of the rain has cheered no, its going lYivay has brought back our depression, but its more recent return has given us hope. Appropriately there is a discussion concerning the propriety of praying for rain, The chief combatants in this way are the Bishop of Melbourne and Dean Slattery. The latter is ho of the free and flashing sword." whose valour was that ject of conversation two years ago. The Dean has the best of the argument, for the Bishop is in a strait, as was pointed out in the letter of " Curious," to which I referred a week or two ago Naturally enough, therefore, he has recourse to sophisms in order to divert the attention of his antagonist. He writes cleverly, as a matter of course, but he gives one the impression of writing under the constraint of feeling that he cannot say all that he would like to say. But as he is also still writing upon water conservation, he is able to balance his dissatisfaction by dealing with a subject in which he is so completely at home as to distance all adversaries. And he is in the best possible spirits about the cathedral fund, for the conditional £?._'ö,000 was more than reached before the end of the last month, so that Mr. Ormond's £5000 has been paid, and now the building, will go steadily up. Already some considerable portion of it is beginning to show above the high fence which surrounds the enclosure. It has a mellow light brown look, and contrasts agreeably with the depressing bluestone of St. Paul's Church, adjoining it. And now that Mr. Ormond has got rid of the £5000, he will probably look about for new outlets for his generosity. And he will not have far to seek for such an opportunity, for the Young Men's Christian Association, having got out of debt, are now contemplating the enlargement of their hall, and have begun to solicit subscriptions accordingly. And as they appear to have done a large amount of good in an unpretentious way, they are considered to deserve well of those who have great store of this world's goods. Probably, the general prosperity helps to make people generous. The last quarter's revenue, again, shows a large increase upon that of the previous year, and an agreeable fact of this kind puts the whole community in spirits. Not a subscription is started which is not liberally contributed, to, so that it is a positive advantage at this moment for anyone to he in distress, always provided that his distress is not of his own creating. And even the ne'er-do- wells are not badly treated, a consideration they are by no means slow to take advantage of, so that it is found that Melbourne at this present is very full of those easy-going gentlemen who have a constitutional indisposition to earn their living. In some indirect way, the success of Mr, Bryant may have been due to the comparative tolerance of impostors at this moment. And even now that we know Mr. Bryant to be an ex New Caledonian convict and a recent resident in Pentridge we are not very indignant at him for start- ing that Russian scare, because it has procured for us all a good laugh at the Age for being so consirmodly taken in, and still more for trying to bluster out the folly and to endeavour to prove it was no folly. Also, we cannot but be struck with admiration at the charm- ing impudence of Mr. Bryant, otherwise the Count de Beaumont, in persisting in his asseverations. Mr. Berry insists that his Government had no thought in its mind but to do good to the country. It was its misfortune, he says, to be misunderstood. " a time will come," when we shall regret having dis- trusted them. One of the candidates for the seat vacated by the death of Mr. Kernot, at Geelong, has made Mr Berry's heart glad by declaring that if he had been in Parliament during the Berry reign he would have voted for any measure that Mr. Barry's Government proposed. Faith of this kind is more than refreshing. And of the Geelong election, there are four candidates for the honour of representing that town in Parliament, and the tranquillity which usually reigns there is necessarily disturbed in consequence. One of the candidates has registered a vow, somewhere, that if he be returned he will make Geelong the true capital of Victoria by cutting a very large opening through the bar which still prevents the largest ships from getting into Corio Bay. His next step will be to make it the seat of Government. Since he made his speech, several sanguine persons have gone down to Geelong to buy property, and some other san- guine people, having already a landed interest in Geelong, are believed to have conferred with the ardent candidate on the subject of the disposal of the public buildings in Melbourne. More especially, what is to done with the new law courts ? And concerning them, I was speaking to a Judge the other day, and he assured me that, looking at the new law courts from a judge's point of view, they are the most ill-contrived buildings he ever saw. And, considering what they have cost us, this unfavourable pronouncement is not reassuring. And speaking of courts, the Government have decided to appoint three new County Court Judges, including the one who will take the place of Judge Hackett. Of the numorous gentlemen who have been offered these places, only one has accepted, so that it would seem barristers are not so very badly off. At the same time it is to be remembered that there remain a great many more barristers who would have been extremely glad of the other if it had been made to them. And thus is fulfilled the saying, " Unto to him that hath shall be given." On the other hand it is satisfactory to see that the Government, in making these appointments, do not regard them as convenient rewards to political supporters. The men to whom they have been offered are all men who have earned the compliment by hard and long-continued professional work, and who would do credit to the position of Judge. A Government, therefore, having so praiseworthy a desire to put good men into honourable and responsible places should commend itself to the common acceptance, and if one may judge by the general tone of the journals, this feeling is a prevalent one so that, although there are rumblings of distant thunder, the current of wind is not in the direction to bring the storm to the point the Opposition wish. But indeed, it may be asked, what is the Opposition, where is it, and of whom does it consist The Government do not appear to be alarmed, but are giving their attention to departmental improvements. And they are certainly showing evidence of a desire to effect practical benefit by the energetic steps they are seeking to put the defences into a proper state. In accordance with this feeling, they have availed themselves of the presence in the colony of Colonel Cross- man, a military officer lately employed to report upon the defences of Hongkong and other adjacent places, to obtain his opinion upon our own defences, both actual and possible, and, if one may judge by what is promised, we shall before long be well prepared to repel any ordinary invasion. It will be confessed, therefore, that with an improving revenue, a practically-minded Government, and a well organized army and navy, we shall become a far from undesirable country to live in. With the military feeling just now strong upon us, the contemplated Jiubter encampment at Dandenong is looked forward to with enthusiasm. But most of our encampments have been accompanied by rain, and as we very much want rain, and as rain is obviously impending, we are placed in the difficulty of hoping it will rain and hoping it will be fair. Also there are the holiday people generally to be considered, not that the holiday people consider the rest of the world, for they look upon holiday-making as the end of life, especially country holiday folk who throng into the town and make themselves as it would seem studiously disagree- able, for all that we do our best to entertain them. And this year the entertainment will be abundant. For not to speak of minor attractions we have " The Pro- fessor" at the Princess's, with such stage appointments as could not be distanced in any part of the world ; " Youth" at the Theatre Royal, got up utterly regardless of outlay ; " The Colonel " at the Opera House, a very merry jest indeed and a very acceptable opera company at the Bijou. And all these theatres, conformably with the prevailing prosperity, are drawing full houses every night, so that the managerial mind, is not wrapped up in measureless content, is a long way beyond the margin of grumbling. The theatrical item of news, apart from actual performances, is the purchase by Messrs. Williamson, Garner, and Musgrove, of the unexpired portion of the lease of the Princess's Theatre. The gratification felt at this house being leased to them, however, is a little modified by the fear that they have given it for tho.DuriKMn of closing it, as Messrs. Lyster and Ilarivood did some years ago and as Mr. Marshall has lately so successfully raised the Princess's to its former position, and made it the most favourite theatre in Melbourne, it would he more than a pity to allow it to lapse again into darkness, dampness, and dinginess, which for several years over its attributes. The mention of drearinossquite naturally brings up the Exhibition, and suggests mention of the not important event of the absolute decease of the Commission, which iinregroUod event took place on Thursday last. The few nionilioiH who met to give up their official ghost solemnly drunk a glass of wine, shod an inferred fear, and went their several ways, after first, however, resolving, upon an early day, to dine by way, probably, of celebrating their obsequies as well as their decease. As a matter of course, Mr. G. C. Levey remains. 