( a (f' Aileii all:ns?c.) S, C t CIHAPTI Et VI. UIkOlIC' AND NIeUIi, After the'dopnrtureo of Lintott, Mr. IPendieignaih knt,; with hnd h. l owed on on 1' titlrlie' in blitt?eL i ignlish, plans, 4o recently eagerly seantned, disrogirdic d, and railway scehorne:noglotelod and for. gottn. Ca!l! thoufgh he hadll externally ieon during thart dremdnifll intervioew, firm though his voico haid sounded, lie had boolinsufl'rinig oi inl o 'nal eruptioni of ia most -iorribli kidl, nind'one which had left him' prostrnat ail wealk wheni his iuwoelenmo visitor lihad gnii. During the feow brief minutes which the eq uiro had passed in the company of the uutiernpulous' money lander, the fearftl rvoultioln had beon mInde to him that his idol-his firlt-born, long. belovod son-was dnelied to pieces at his foot, and liil proven, insleand of an imngo of piur mietnl, to havo boon con l)O0ed of blse and slpurious compoundsi ; Iho halil reolisao thlt the hopes iand nsph'atione' of yonrs worne not to beo roelised, and boflro him Iny the crlol stern, but imperativeo'duty of sonding forth in idlolod Roen, an' oiufetit, ilto the wnrltl-A votnlnll, morally elln. victeld, if iiot loeallly punishul, 011h, God I the ilngliiah. of that. iiomont, wholll he gave full vent to thile grief ofa laicourittl honrt beforo ?teoling himself to do; his dulty,-boforo bnnishing the garbi'of ih f'thiu, and dioning Itho rhebo1l of sternl justli. Uun?nvablo Mr. Ponll. delglst .Hit, u!nnlo sciouit thliat tihe sill wag rapidly dechlining and the ihldlol of evening wore gatlhrin in thio room. TJ!wicu ai gontlo luok ait the dlon pnased uuhol oled by linm; twice lill ]hiloraieo nsk filr permissionl to lter', without recoiving. iiny rosponiasO .At length, dronding tlhait ihol aquiro i igiht hbe ill, alio ontrelul unbilllden, anlld saw her loved luncle ill positioni which urousodl- her worst feara,, Sio rushed forwanrd,anld soizing linhi by thoarin orilod, " lunirty, guardy, are you ill P Oh unclo delor lIok iipnand 'spenk to meo," 'Theo touch, the voico, the anxioty shown thl'illod r?l??r."?Ponderiuast, ,nl broulght hie 'tlhiiil: bank iagnin toi thn world, with all its sorrowa and all its uinrosts, leo raoIeodi himself by all effort, aniid saw ]loronco kneoling at tis' foot, 'palo 'and'. tr;mtblin'g. Ho stooped andil hisod nlor miarblo.wlhito ibrow, itild.'enroselihg nher aillion hair said tondorly', "]ClornOco ,dear, ol y I' ioco, my dnulghter, a torriblo grief is falling oin this hlouso, ].loronco, darling, can you nerve yourself to moot it like a woman ; eln you stooel yourself to, comeo what will, minoeet it fairly in the Ihc, and go into the world without showing to theli piryinig people the griof of your hllolrl nid theo bitternoes of' your spirlit P" Floreiona looked -nt ioi uncle p 1oir. Iplexidly. 'Slle?' couild seareoly boh?ove hoer IoIseOs, 'OF 'goOd kinil guarldianll , lithorto ?o jovial and i light-hearted, appim'onlywithoiit a earo ill tile world, to bo all ao .suddloly strickon with Rorrow, wans isast lio ihluocopit't o pre. hoitiloi. 'W lint coild '-possibly haveo hnploenod P " Tlloihbondod form of her uncle, tile careworn fce, the troinbling linldil, iell .lltoolned that 'a herd and crueol blow hi'd baicln iloalthim, ta blow tli'olectibt' of whiwli'lio woiuld carry' to theo gravo. ior own lulnilsin; lihr own ihapplliness wre soon forgottoi . With truo woimluly instinct alo slaw that liher fond niild loving ncelo wa4h i need lof a oiofetbi'?f, "omitid with treo womanly l'eolilli inillstanfiuuiniliesily` dotoriniioed that lio thel rOeslt wlhat it' might 'shel wrduld" li tht cnfolrtor, -sho woiul alwaiys bo-lnopr himl ,to, givo hii hlier worm, ilild 'lovinj conmisolation." She a rnltofidel li r oliling po?rtnro,l'ndl flinging hlier ' nrmsll iolindi lioi - lnoi's noiek,omids ll a looil of tearm's, oxclaimiig, ',Qh l fUnclo-Glnlrdy I What hiiis hlplipiOilnd. I will-hidood I will--binr aiiy g'riof lollly' fL' your salnko. Dly moreo tlinii.fthor, it is of youl anol youi al~one, tit I now'thiulk." . . y,' ?iy ..li'ralya ,0iloronlo,; mly hirilve girl," Ranid'll. Ponldergast, soothiedl and coiforteld bi the exhibition of afll'ontini dlispllnayod his fsator.daughteer. "You have, indonl, boiln a traociasro cost in mly llntlh 'by Jheave I it , troeiuro to enmfort miy dleollning dityal to take ofl' the slia rl edgo ofi tlio knos'ugriof which hli fialln iln mlily grey hairs, indll to lighten thie burllii wlh0ichliI it a plaecsld (nld to 'eomaninnid ieo to bone to the grave," "D1)o notn tallk likeo thiat, iiimy wll doleni fOunrily\," saidl loronic, teildei'ly anlol play'itlly piltinll lice ur \uIl's cl ho' \wilt her Roln ialld dolhl'io hanld, " Ilu1, nlle, ntw Ihiha wi irn logetohr let ui winteh tile s w;lilht dlleepen luto the llliilll' oi'f night, iaiind hot roi', yoil ring 1f',1 Ihthlli, I wol hll li lo lii, a ih i to h v I il q Iitllhe talk with yoe, (Illardy delis.','' hl 1, ,Iiiulhrr ant haltered ti iheop ligh, ni IIhie 1palt'd iia n n'i roundiiil [?lori' linei 's w\sllI uI IIII d hI er uo' I h , u hndow. I'ho ritl gloiw i' if li" ccttiuig siuni in Inha W''l crI o c vl ' 1 10 li hii l Iilh i ii \villi lI 11\'?,h~', 'lihii ~iY,,1ii liil ti ll io l, l int it w'I'I tern hly' 1 wi s' 4l1144 1 ti'4ni, r ah11111 ifal iIi, h i i',I IhlI i li'' l t' 1 1illi4t'h l w lo 1441 li I lii( i ,', h'ii ii,,r ' ,144 iii Ii ' \ '4II) i44h r1iy t1'11g di m , r i.'' l Ih p rlli ty 4' l lhe prlml i 444l " i 4i 4 4ll' l i tri l, ?ll, hht, I 111 Ii 11'4i 4 ,' il 4h444 444 4li444 f y,141 ii lhi t1l1, 444 hi'll h imuIi' 4,44i 4,lii 1lli,41 1 IIi lI, h l' it, l h' I ii i ii , , I 4 i , I 4 ll l y ionhi llli ppi ii4 4 i4h4 Ill4 li, hi ,4 4h Iililqll! I Iwo llibt( hinlbt II Trlilv yIoI i "lillllll ih ! ,tif ' l )l I1hii t hll w ( i h tII l /i n r thlI r4 I4 ,4 44 llh4 i, ll44 i, \ ' 'I i h l 4i4 4 1,1,, 4 44 4ih . lI i,, ,iiiii , tii i ii b4 I 4444444 ,'4i?i 44hiI1l l4'r i 4,'i Iw i t it b44 1?,1i 4 ih I 4i4i11 4l4 h,,411,1 1 14'' 444444444444444 ' g 144411 1444 h 4,44o t ' l1 4,4 Iii I'i44l44i 114411 14411414411 '4444' 4 " Iy doarling duglhter,"' roplied Mr. 1'ndorgnst," your words are t ruly con. soling to tee, and have already given fresh atrosngth and renewed vigor." " Uncle, dear," said Florance, fond. ling the old man's hair, " Whalt nmlo you splanc about mny Imarriago with Lional ? Do you know "-and sh looked up shyly and ploadingly-" it is thu very thill I come hero to talk about to you P" "What ? Shy little Florence ;lwhom all the coltxing and toasing in the pIist could not induce her to talk on thu subheet I 1a1 shlo really come volun. tarily to talk about it now ?" anril the old squir pntrouvisingly stroked his nieco's hair. " Guardy," saiod Floronc, "I knaow you have sot your heart on the marriago takling place noxt month, now" coaxingly-" would Guardy be vary, vmr Irnllg'v if I wanted to put it oil' a lanila while " "' M Ir,. l'ondlorgans starld, and loonliod with astonishnmoat on his ward. Palo and almost trombling site stood before him, anod knowing full woll her deep love for her cousin, and liar evident wish, ' though unoxlpreasod, that the fillowing month sthaold witnes liahr. uniont with him to whom stll was so ivoyoutly attached, her prasoant request alpatl;ed to tlio sqluire to bo absurd. F.lorneol was not ia young lady to be cartried away by. the impulso of theo tmoment,; pr to atct fromt poevisluioss or oquitry, so liher question, ,asked in all serioliOsnosU, antil with itmi apparent inltoni. tion ol gaining that which situ desired, a postlponomont of the- nuptials, so nmunedt her uncle that heo could only '" WhatV ! Floronce P" "Woutll it inmtku you ver'y angry, Qiuardly,iflwislhod to hasve thei mnarrtine postponedi for a tim P You know iuntlel ildear, that I" -and she omnitnonced to toy nervously with, the seals attached to his watch-" I havo boon so happy hare, I love you, Iaove the grand old Ihmiuso, tho'graoiunda and eovrything about thuo piaeo, and I cannot boar the thought to-to-to lonvo you and thmolu, ovoll to bo' Lionel's wifo; at least not yet. Lot its wait 'a little Oh,, I '.lt 'Ti?o old man's nsto?ihmlont incroeasod oind= he became porplexed; but all at once a doubt flashed across his mind, a thought which, no soonoi conjured than it became a ceortainty, and ho said, regardigl his nicco fixedly, SI see it all, Florence. Ol, worso and worse I Lionel ns asked you to mako this request. Ilo know the ox posuro was at hand, and ho thought this an oeay way of breaking it to you. Oh, my son, my son ; you are a deper villain than I imagined you." And thoe poor 0ol1 man ~ank intd a chair and eoverel his faced with his hands. Florence; ýpalo and terri!led, fling horself on her knoees before her unlo, imploring him to look at her, to speak to lir: . :'! Oh I uniclo, ncleo; recall thoso words. Lionel n villain, and denouneed es esuh by. yonu It cannot?bo; it can not bli, Wlhydo you say so: Ohl unelo, uncle, speak to maO, or my heart will breakl . -'Floreonco, Floro?os," gasped Mr. ]?ondergast, " foaveno . onlyv knows I :would 'givo' my wealth, my lifo ovo1(to loean otliorwise,bit.it is uOt to be. But tmy darling niceo, itie needles yoet for teo to grievo you by nnarrating. Go to Li;ilml,.and if ho haIr a spark of Inn. 1hood in hint, h1 will teol you Irom hlia own lips the torribhl, secrot miuo cannot utier, e " Go my child"-kissing her t'ondly-" go, and may Hoaven Ipermit the cruel blow you will receive will fall as lightly as possiblo." " Oh any darlimg G, uardy," said lorione(, -" coill what will I will be trlu aitd. loving to you. I eannot fathom that dreadfil mystery there is in which Lionel is implicated, but that Lionol ihan dono anything doserving him to bo called _t villnin I never. will bolieve.. You, unelo dolr, are a victim of some delusion, of 801om foul cOli. spliaey. Say, oh do say, unclo dear that you aro mistakon-that you aro nnl\ a"nnnlan, from ren'Iort." "MyDr dor iloroneo, Imppy wonl'l bo thlo inoout if I ouitld slo. o. Alrs, alan, T cannot, Go mny dnrlihmn, and to.morrow you will hoor ll from Lionml l? hitoll." lKisaing hor guardian, Floronce, thlMugh llOo altd alitatoid; roo mind loft the room., Th.o twilight had (loolonlOd into ovoning, l1nd t volling into night:, but still tho eiquiro sat il Mroverl. At longth ho roao nmd 'raol ip liguhts, ,' WillInm " sai 1 ho to tho sHrvont. Imll who tntoredl with tho Illlnllp " the Ililt thin( il thio Int111'liln toll Andrew to trlo 'oil' to -- ind1 toll Mr. Tiloyd, thi Ilhwvor, T wnnt to on hin." "Yt, air," nil Williiin withdrow, 1"It In hollplil nnili( 111t hole," n111u ol \l'r, IP nilo'Rnldl , lbTli I iwnnoli iny1 oll' oiillovo Ith l m' olhloi~ not , onn on wlhoi I hInvo liivlnlil ovory lovo, nlltl give?lnn llt 11111111o nllowilnLo to CInI hovo hIrun lllty, YtIu M', hl lyM l 5Iy hll o1,. I' Ilh ro ls nly v lll ny, illtl If lOl I III h(ll it to lt 'm(dlo o v, itli of It, M r. Il.loil wll llo IIt ml t, No, un, I' 11n. Itl, illr n 1 O t, l iai1 . A V1o \ li n lrinhl l It lit' 1 0I )ti ) Itonl l iho rt ,mrl Hll lllon, hlin In illl ll«| lhthin tl l>,v > lts hii ll ,111 h(I l 11I , (, I I ll I ll tn i ll l" 1 1.11i, M ih t i nlit 1i1' wl ll n IhtntI'l Ihio r,,nhlhlan Ill whh, h hal sol,+el hli , ,11I ?1ii llllI1 111. lIlI, 1 I lI l '1 n 1ln li l III ,lh'1 l' lll i»l iI ll hiilll 1 , 1 111 , nl h ill . I ll hill ii ,ill l, , l l I hllol- n ll t;ril 11'11 | | I' l l I l llll lllll i It l ll ol III ll , u11 1''I e ' v It lh 1 illh ll l m i llh111 i Ili IIi, ' llV~1 lw llltl o 1> l Llllhll l lllrll h llllllmhil, ,olwed l h lllO, d t I. I11 1'11 1111 1 1 h, l u,, I,,', llw li lln h11 ilil imi+ li 11111 whihhII hln ltht1 ' I ll i|h|| , Ia l ,ll l ll lllllllll I hI llll I' illi nh ii|' I1li, I h+ l , lull .Im l +,I i|'|m a lime tho o?quiro at the table. So com pletely was the form enveloped in a cloak that neither limbs nor features could hb soon. Jaus then the tower clock struck eleven. The clear ring of tho bell startled the watcher, who moved slowly onwards towards the westorn end of the house; it stood for a moment opposite a window opening on to the balcony, and then, opening it, entered theo house. OHIAPTIER VII. THn STAlITLED LOVtERS. We must now goback to on early period of the snaie evening. Thle moon was just risnlg like a large fire baloon in'the eastern sky, and shedding her soft but brilliant rays 'o the earth, wlhet the clock in the tower, at Staunton Hall strolk nin, 'At that moment a fine stalwart young mlan bounded over a stile on to the road which separated tlhe Park from the Glen grounds, nud proceeding along the rond for a quarteri of a mile, with thatt free and swinging gait which hotokened a light and a pleasant duty, he paused for a Inomont at the iron gates leading into Tite Glen grounds, bult only for a molllmelt, for -onl quick swoop with hlis bright eye told him imme tdiltoly that the objotit of his senrlc was not there. As Ih was moving away lie hoard a low whistle, but hte reongnisedl it at once, and going down the roant ntil Ie eamlle to a latt, hao darted up it quickly aind kneUling down liistoneC intently. Presently the whistle wasoe repeated, and this titmer, having no further doubt, ihe pult hllis fingers to his mouth and gave vent to a half whistlo, half ecreecih-liko a night bird--and rushing forward soon stood near throee menll. " All Alike, my heutty, youll and your ipls are at your poaching games again, tire you?" The speaker, Fralnk Pickford, Sir FIorbert Staunlltonl's trainer anld mallnager of. the stables, was a very handtsome, litely-forted man, nonearly six foot tall, with an olen,u honest countenance, and he looked a perfect FIorcules as Ihe stood in the muoonlight, regardtling the threeo ten littfore him, with a nlischievous sunile playing about his mouth. Miku, the chief o1 thle poachlere, did not appear at all dliseoncerted at the appearance of ralnk, oni tile conotrary, seemed to have anutieipatdl his coming, for he immnio linteoly said, "lAh Frnstk, iny honey, I know my whistlo wotild fetch ye, if ye wtas a miile oil." " Alit you raecal, Mlike, but of courso I know your signnl. What's the matter ilow? .Altyltessage." "Yes, ye spalpeUn," repliedd Mlike, digging his thumb into Frank's ribs, "t your celleti, the dark-haired Ruth, could not get away as early as siho thought for, and therefore tould tle to bid you tmate her Iy tlhe watherfll." I All rightt , Frank, mty toy, take care you don't got into trouble, and good night." Antd witllout waiting for any responsive greoting Fra?k scampered away, and was soma spooeding as fast as his sturdy legs could carry him to tihe wvalorfll. The waterfall was an artificial oino situated in Staunton Park. Thore was a fall of n dozen feet, and as the water fros, the brook fell over and daslied down onl to the stones beneath it slarkled like dtiaondso in the rays of the moon. Immediately over the fall, about three feat above it, was a footbridge, from which a commaunding view of the sur rounding sctnery could beo obtained, and on tllis bridgo on the night we speak of, was the figulre of a femttale, leaning over the handrail and looking at the falling .watei. She was dark and plainly dressed, it being evident from her attire that she was a servant in a good famsily. lWhile shell was gar.ing almost uncon sciously at the water, her quick atr soon dteteited the sounds of a footstep famliliar to her, and rising from lher leaning pos turo sithe looked towards the road. In a few minutes Frank had jumpted the stile and site was foledt in Iia arms. s " Alt Ruth, my darling, I had almost given yon. up." " ])unoer wna very late to-day, Frank, end I could not canie sooner so, I told Mile tto Uoot you and tell you to colme here, as it is no mllulh nearer the house." " Why Rutli, my girl, you lookod distressed. What is the matter ?" N" othing Frank, at least uothltg that concerns us. I am afraid however that there is trouble at the house. I don't know what it can lie, but mastoer ittvtr ctnote to dilnner to.nighit, antid Iiss Fhloiranca shlut heIrtlell itn her room. Moitor Talonel w te atort llk ti ghost, aul evoll Master Walter's spirits aplpeiared dlnlup. 'fThe govnrtsass--lh ?raltk I hate that womanllit- stsarcsly iote anlything, astd weit to her room cusrly, lie astro FLranlk if thre ii ally Ill lohief, thait woman that gove'nelns--l at thel hotltom of It," " (Oth tiver ilhd, darlinglllll, will taket a walk through ilia lane, aml tilk l of nurlllosli anlllId r prasotuts." l'ralik ltl Illth ulp tiho very Ille wlhlih hit two diny, l rvilr usly laulnn ldll o ln Ilin sr lf S nlii a ln lllt Il a 1 thi doll. ir?ll'sthy they talkti, until lto o'hnelok timiuo, wlbil warneld Rthh it was tihu to Io ii' Aif le to tn ot Ilil thl hoisi e tIubsert'lvll , It l t Ill, itl trt ln Int t't'latt 'st Ir upusols aban llltl nllnll m(iiirrild hin1m. hlutly end hllni t 1h o .\nttlralila, 0ho ffi'r llt hoiw 111I i n1111111 s hlutw by, eiltl tIhr L . 1 Ill'hrt('s h1i11l rhhi ost hio(1ro'e Nlso) h tlliln twiare1 ltf the 1110!, 11lu t tit fhiit 1iiali,"ilit 1II' ' l lll'' k 11 trl II T h II I¥i l¥ 1 1i whi sklhI t Ilil Itlllll ahl' Il \ii l ll' s Iiili.h, I1'11 1I) i 1it "li1 wilv lllll 1u% I vll, IIIo" 111 10I l"l , Ii d 1 ., ..,Il ..t' 1.l., .ill ih .tn .1 .,, .Ih ,1ll... think it was anything mortal. I am sure it was a ghost." " Nonsense Ruth. Had you not been here, I would soon have followed that ghost and exposed its ugly face to the glare of the moon. lIo sure wshoever it was, he or she was up,to no good." " I fool it, Frank; there is 'sorrow in store for my master's louseo." " Cheer up .littl?~. Ruth. You will soon leave the house s'nd all its doonms and sorrowvsiid once inh suany Australia 'you will forget all trials and sorrows." Frank and Ruth then went uIp the dell and through' the lane, until they came to tlhe garden. Looking anxiously round, and soeing thiat neither human being nor ghost,was in sight, Ruth was once more folded to Frank's breast, and after a fervent "good-night" site parted froni her lqver to retire to her room and dream of the land of gold where her Frank wcas going to take her to. (To be continlued.) 