NEWS AND NOTES. The first series of elections to the reformed Legislative Council is now over. Eight mem- bers were returned unopposed last week, and 10 seats had to be filled on Thursday. For Melbourne Province Mr Ham was the successful candidate, beating Dr Beaney and Mr Coppin. In the North Yarra Province Mr Beaver secured one seat, and Mr Mearea the other. Mr F. Ormond was re-elected for the South-Western Province. Mr D. Melville has obtained the seat for the Southern Province, defeating Mr Godfrey. Mr Williamson has been returned for the Nelson Province by a fair majority over his opponent, Mr Wettenhall. For the Northern Province Mr D. C. Sterry is returned. For the North-Western Province (3 members) the following are the latest returns:—Bell, 2703; Coutts, 1957; Young, 1844; Hedley, 1378; Clarke, 1144. Thirty-six more returns are to come in, 18 of which are for the Wimmera district. The exact figures will not be known before the declaration of the poll is formally made. The judging of tenant farms and live hedges entered to compete for the prizes annually offered by Sir W. J. Clarke, Bart., was com- minced yesterday. The judges are Messrs Trewin, Leishman, J, L. Dow, and John Wheelman. Only three farms were inspected, and the judging will be resumed at 8 o'clock this morning. A report of yesterday’s pro- ceedings appears in this issue. Mr Henry Gore, when responding to the toast of the “Mining Industry” at a banquet at Creswick yesterday, made a few remarks which went to show the “flukes” by which fortunes are made and lost in gold digging. He said that the shareholders in the old Lewers Freehold consisted of 20 men, who for a long, time worked without success. The whole of the capital—£20 per share - had been called up, and the last pound was spent with- out any indications of gold being observed. Nothing daunted, they worked on, and they were eventually, rewarded for their perseverance by striking a rich run of gold. The discovery was the means of developing the now dividend paying mines of the Creswick and Kingston districts. Mr Gore was of opinion that many rich goldfields remained undis- covered in this colony through the want of sufficient energy and enterprise on the part of shareholders. There was a large bonfire kindled on the Navigators’ bridge on Thursday evening to celebrate the granting of a platform to the inhabitants of that part of the district by the Minister of Railways. The accommodation will be a great advantage to the district, and will supply a want long felt. The boon was obtained, on the representation of Messrs D. Bropby and John James, M’s.L. A., whose exer- tions in the matter are warmly appreciated. In our notice of the Liedertafel concert in yesterday’s issue we unintentionally omitted to mention the flute trios between Messrs Robson, West, and Oliver, and the perform- ance of the recently formed Society's band during the interval for promenading. Both were very attractive features in the entertain- ment, and elicited much, well-deserved, and favourable comment. A meeting of the Dowling Forest tenantry of the Hon. Sir W. J. Clarke, Bart., was con- vened to be held at the Mount Blowhard hotel on Thursday evening. The election, however, prevented a large number from put- ting in an appearance, and the meeting was accordingly adjourned until Tuesday evening next. The matter of suitably recognising their landlord’s worth is exciting the liveliest interest amongst the tenants of Sir W. J. Clarke. The Eight Hours Anniversary Committee met last night in the Camp street office, Mr Ballantyne in the chair. The. meeting was well attended. After the minutes of last meeting bad been read and coafirmed, reports and correspondence from various sources were submitted to the meeting. General business was then entered upon. Several sub-com- mittees were formed with power to add to their number. The secretary was instructed to correspond with Geelong in order to make arrangements for the transit of the Geelong public to Ballarat on the 2lst April, the day of the anniversary. A number of tradesmen were waited upon for donations and gifts of art, end in every case with signal success, the knowledge of which was encouraging to the committee. Several preliminaries were settled after which the meeting adjourned to next Friday evening at 8 o’clock. A number of Ballarat oarsmen proceeded to Geelong by the 7.10 train last evening en route to the Colac Regatta, which takes place to- day. In our report in yesterday’s issue of the successful exhibition of the Arc light from the balcony of the Unicorn hotel on Thursday evening, we omitted to state that it was exhibited by the Australian Electric Company, Limited. A somewhat sudden death took place on Thursday afternoon in Buninyong, when Mrs Ramsden died after a very short illness, the deceased being hearty and well two days prior to her death. Her complaint was con- gestion of the stomach. Mr Ramadan had been attending to his duties as secretary to Mr Ormond’s committee, and was suddenly in- formed of the death of his wife just at the time the poll closed for the election, at five o’clock on Thursday. A good harvest is expected this season in the Spring Hill and Smeaton districts. The late rains have saved the crops. Yesterday was the last day for the issue in the Creswickshire of electors’ rights for the supplementary list of voters of the Legislative Assembly. On the whole a large number of persons availed themselves of the opportunity offered for this purchase of electors’ right. It would be well if the Creswickshire au- thorities would take steps to remove a number, of stumps which jut out of the ground on a portion of the unmade road between Allendale and Broomfield. Human life is endangered by these obstacles to safe traffic. Yesterday a capsize was only averted by the skilful horse manship of a gentleman who was driving a horse and buggy. One of the wheels of the vehicle collided with a tree stump nearly a foot in height. A departmental enquiry will be held into the conduct of Constable Hallinan,, stationed at Ballarat, in arresting one Balhausen, a cab- driver. The latter was lodged in the lockup for using obscene language, and in court next day, although Hallinen was positive that the prisoner had used bad language,'-a few wit- nesses (cabmen) stated they did not hear the words complained of. It is said that Hallinan is very harsh in his treatment of cabmen, and in view of that opinion, the enquiry will be held to see whether the constable exceeded his duty in arresting Balbaneo. Smeaton can now boast of a few substantial banking institutions. The latest building of the kind named, the National Bank of Aus- tralasia, is now almost ready for occupation. Many additions and improvements to dwellings in the township are in course of progress. The the vice president, and the secretary of the Ballarat District Licensed Victualler's Association visited the Creswick district in their official capacities yesterday. The chief object of the visit was for the pur- pose of inducing hotelkeepers in the locality mentioned to join the union. The mission was not fruitless. Our Bolwarra correspondent writing yester- day gives further particulars of the sad accident by which the youth Edward Gould lost his life in the locality in question on Thursday. lt appears the deceased usually brought to the mill six logs per day. He had delivered one and was away for the second about an hour. After the usual time for re- ceiving the second log, news of the accident was brought to the mill and the workmen then hastened to render assistance. On arrival at the scene, they found the unfortunate youth under the jinker wheel quite dead. It is surmised that in jumping down from his seat on the jinker he must have slipped and fallen in front of the wheel, and the reins being held - in his hands occasioned the stoppage of the horses. The lamentable event has cast quite a gloom over the neighbourhood, the deceased being liked by everyone with whom he came to contact. Great sympathy is also expressed for the parents, who are very much re- spected." Our Sandhurst correspondent yesterday evening wired as follows:—“The latest returns to hand show—Sterry, 1840; Winter, 1665; giving Sterry 175 of a majority. A concert in aid of the prize fund of the St. Aloysios boys school was held last night at the Orchestral Hall, Doveton street. Prior to the entertainment the City and Town Band played a number of spirited airs in the street. There was a very large attendance. The fol- lowing ladies and gentlemen gave their ser- vices:—The Misses Moreham, Edwards, Kelson, Brophy, Duffy, Mrs Furlong, Messrs Lake, Denier, Douglass, Moreham, and Middleton. The entertainment passed off successfully, and will result in a handsome addition to the prize fund of the school, A novelty entertainment in aid of the funds of St, Stephen's Church of England Mission, Ballarat East, will be given in the Mechanics Institute on the 13th instant. The well known and popular actor, Mr W. J. Holloway, and Miss Elsie Jenyns, have promised to give readings and recitations. The assistance of a number of local amateurs is also promised. The annual excursion of the Baptist and Congregational congregations was held yester- day at Queenscliff. About 500 excursionists left Ballarat and arrived at their destination about 10 a.m., when various amusements were indulged in. No accidents occured to mar the day's pleasure. The excursionists arrived, home at about 9.30 p.m. . The electoral registrar and the deputy registrar of Ballarat East proper and South Road divisions of Ballarat East have issued 172 electors rights for the former division, and 16 for the latter, which numbers, added to the general and supplementary rolls now in force, make a total for the general lists of 1882 of 902 and 44 respectively. Elderly gentlemen who have lived all the years of their life in the way they should go, ought not to depart from it when they older grow. Such is the recent experience of a highly popular member of a well established society in Ballarat. The anniversary of his natal day arrived in due course, and on that day he chanced to fall in with good company in the country. The elderly gentleman to properly mark what he considered to be a doubly auspicious event, essayed for about the first time in his life to smoke a cigar. The weed proved very fragrant and unusually strong. Those who remember the effects of the first pipe in childhood's early days will doubtless be able to imagine what followed, and to “pity the sorrows of a poor old man." The entries for the Christian Brothers' School athletic sports closed yesterday, and with the handicaps will be published in a few days. The sports of this school bid fair to rival anything previously attempted, many valuable prizes, including a cup presented by the ladies of Ballarat, being offered for com- petition. A licensing bench sat at the Town Court yesterday and transferred the license of the Gong Gong hotel from Emily Carr to Edward Murphy, also the license of the Robin Hood hotel, from the executors of the late William Smith to John Myles, and this, was the only business before the bench. State school No. 729, Bunker’s Hill, was examined on Friday, Ist December, by Mr In spector Curlewis. The following are extracts from the inspector's report:—“Per centage, 88 844. The percentage has been lowered by the absence of seven children. Progress good. The children show a good knowledge of their programme work. Discipline very good. Records up to date. The state of the school reflects credit on Mr Fussell." It is thought that a second case of diph- theria has made its appearance in Ballarat East. A bolt which was fortunately unattended with any serious consequences, occurred yes terday at Miners' Rest. The lad who was driving a buggy and pair of horses descended for the purpose of opening the gate, and while so doing the horses bolted and attempted to jump a stiff three-railed fence. They were fortunately unsuccessful, and the runaways were at once secured. The gentlemen who occupied the buggy had luckily alighted some few minutes previously. The harness was damaged, and the knees of one of the horses were injured. Friday’s Creswick Advertiser says:—“The reports from the diamond drills yesterday afternoon are as follow:—A first-class sample was obtained at the Berry No. 1 bore at a depth of 329 feet 1 inch, the core being a stiff white or grey clay, in which there were a number of water-worn stones and gravel. The bore at Clover Hill went through the second rock at 192 feet, after passing through 2 feet 1 inch of clay the third rock was struck; total depth, 204 feet 1 inch, being 10 feet in third rock. The Hepburn Estate bore was in hard blue rock at 210 feet. Baring was commenced at the Lady Hepburn about noon on Wednesday; depth, 32 feet 6 inches, in very hard rubbly rock. The bore at the Loughlin bottomed at 369 feet 3 inches; 2 feet was bored into the reef. The site for next bore has not been definitely decided. The Madame Berry bore was down 104 feet, and still in the first rock, which is very, hard, but a little more solid than it has been previously. Yesterday the manager of Dyke’s washed a machine from four sets of timber from the new gutter he reported as discovered, in Monday’s issue, with the result of 17 oz; all heavy gold. This is another of the many fortunate discoveries to be credited to Mr Veitch. We learn, on good authority, that gold has been struck in driving in the Hamilton’s Freehold, but, so far, we have not learnt the particulars.” - An Adelaide telegram in the Argus says;— “The Caledonian Society celebrated St. Andrew’s Day on the Linden Estate, at the invitation of their chief, the Hon. Alex. Hay. Two thousand members were present." On Wednesday afternoon (says the Geelong Advertiser) Mr Dupe, jun., of Malop street, succeeded in catching a tench weighing 4lbs, in the Barwon river, near the boatsheds. The fish appear to be very plentiful, and every day there are a large number of anglers along the river banks eager to indulge in piscatorial sport. The Melbourne correspondent of the Ararat paper, write:—“l don't know if you ever heard the story—never published—of the first duel in Melbourne. How the combatants hands so trembled from the liquors of the Melbourne Club the night before, that one shot off the toe of his boot, while the other fired into the air. How, to work out the fun, the candidates for martyrdom seized the doctor’s bell-topper—a then rare article switched it on the fork of a tree, and pep- pered it. And how the Iast state of those men was worse than the first. This stupid vandalism of the past seems skill to have imi- tators. Barely a fortnight ago a challenge followed an insult at our best known club house. Worse than this, a professional man, who objects to figure as a co-respondent in a forthcoming divorce suit, challenged, by deputy, the husband he has injured. Strange to say, the seconds were a barrister and an attorney. If I disclosed to you their names they would be missed of the roll and the solons of the long-robed and their jackals would know them no more. The challenged, who occupies a very high official position, calmly responded that he was not to be en- trapped into conniving at a breach of the law; that his habits of life were well known, and those who really wanted him could find him. But the challenger was one of those who used Hamlets' phrase in its modern con- conventional meaning, and not in that of the Elizabethian epoch, His motif was - -First tie my hands— “ Unhand me. gentlemen. By Heaven, I'll make a ghost of him that lets me. You remember the story of the old Bath gentlewoman who stood as the street corners softly crying ‘Muffins, crumpets! hope to goodness nobody hears me.'" A cowardly fellow named J. Cove was (says the Telegraph prosecuted at the Prahran Police Court on Thursday morning on a charge of assaulting his wife, who is deaf and dumb. The defendant resides in Charles street, and it appears that on the 27th ult. he treated her in a cowardly manner by knocking her down and kicking her. He afterwards pulled her about the yard.by the hair. Information was given to the local police, and Sergeant Parkin- son took out a summons against him. The evidence disclosed brutal behaviour on the part of the defendant, and the bench, in addition to sentencing him to fourteen days' imprison- ment, bound him over to keep the peace for six months in one surety of £5O. Yesterday's Telegraph says;—“At a recent meeting of the Education Commission, Mr E. Parnell, head teacher of the Latrobe street school No. 1278, gave evidence, and stated that he had to some extent disregarded the circular issued by the department prohibiting corporal punishment, and that the result was an improvement in the conduct of his scholars. Acting under instruction of the Minister of Education, the secre- tary wrote to Mr Parnell for an explana- tion of his disregard of the circular, and on a reply being received that his evidence before the commission, as reported, was correct, a communication was sent, informing him that his conduct in disregarding the in- struction of the department was censurable and that a repetition of it would necessitate his severance from the service. The Educa- tion Commission look upon the action of the department as amounting to intimidating witnesses, and likely to interfere with the enquiry. It is understood that they have addressed his Excellency the Governor on the subject." In the Geelong County Court on Wednesday a case Raynor v Wade was heard. It was for the recovery of £5O the amount offered for a go- as-you- please contest. The plaintiff stated that he entered into the contest on the 4th Septem ber, and covered the 500 miles at four minutes to 11 o'clock on the following Saturday night, but Wade disputed the distance covered. It was subsequently found by measurement that he had covered the distance. He had given an lOU for £1 as entrance money. Mr Seymour acted as manager and director. According to his reading of the rules every competitor who covered 500 miles was to get £5O. He knew that the prize money amounted to £135. After hearing the evidence and the arguments of Mr Molesworth for the defence, and Mr Fink for the plaintiff, the plaintiff was non suited on the ground that be had not con stituted himself a competitor by paying the entrance fee of £1; no costs allowed. We Avoca Mail regret to hear that scarlet fever is still prevalent in the town, and that some of the cases have had a fatal termination. Only a few days ago Mr Crump lost a child of about five years old by the disease, and yesterday Mr George Gillet lost his infant son by the same complaint. We hear just before going to press, that the Board of Advice held a special meeting this morning, and, acting under ‘the advice of the local medical men, de- cided to close the Avoca State school. The Argus says:—"A young man named William Robinson, the son of Mr Robinson, iron founder, Maryborough, met with a severe accident on Thursday evening. He was riding a bicycle rapidly round Prince's park at about dusk, with a high wind behind him, and lean ing too far forward fell over the fore wheel upon his head. He was picked up insensible, and taken to the hospital." A correspondent telegraphs from Shepparton to the Argus as follows:—“ The Australasian Mortgage and Agency Company have received at Shepparton through their agent, H. F. Muller the first consignment of new barley, which is of a fair sample." A Talbot telegram in yesterday's Argus says:—"The presence of mind of John Lee, the driver of the water train running between here and Maryborough, averted a serious acci dent on Thursday. Lee was entering the yard with his engine and tanks, when a man named McCleary, from McCallum's Creek, drove across the line from Rocky Flat. The gates at the crossing were recently altered at the request of the Talbot Borough Council, so that they neither close the line nor the road. The 12.20 train from Maryborough was at the station, and McCleary did not see the water train which followed. The springcart which he was driv ing was so near the approaching engine, that had Lee whistled, and the slightest halt of the vehicle occurred, a dreadful accident must have happened. Lee reversed his engine with such effect that he avoided striking the cart, which escaped by only a yard. The gates are within the station yard, and exceedingly dan gerous." On Thursday night, at Maryborough, as a truck laden with heavy mining machinery was being shunted into the goods shed, the load, which was too high to go through the entrance, struck against the crown of the arch, displacing and damaging the brickwork. The truck crashed through the sheds, and in passing out damaged the other entrance. A man was in the truck at the time, but he was uninjured. Yesterday's Geelong Advertiser says;—" With regard to the action of the Government in arranging for a better water supply for the district, everything has been done to prevent the possibility of a water famine. On Thurs day afternoon Mr Cunningham. M.L A., re ceived a telegram from the Water Supply Department, to the effect that the Sandhurst tenderers for the supply of earthenware pipes had finished off a large supply of pipes, and were anxious to deliver them at the Stony Creek reservoir." The following particulars are given by a London paper respecting Messrs Gilbert and Sullivan's new opera "Parola":—" It is only intended to give one representation of the piece in England until ‘Patience* ceases to draw money in London. This must be done, in consequence of the unsatisfactory state of international copyright law, on the same day as the first performance in America, where the opera is about to be ‘put on.' It will be re membered that "The Pirates" was produced in this way at Paignton, and some people have named that pretty little town on the Devon shire coast as the place for the first introduc- tion of Perola. As all the performers now rehearsing are engaged at the Savoy Theatre this would be impossible. A matinee will be given at an outside London theatre, probably Greenwich." At St. Paul's Church to morrow, the closure for Chuitv Sunday Knnis will b* made as three services, and the B r. H. E Cooper will ba the Preacher on each occasion. The affc raioa sermon will bo specially addressed to children. . .. ~ \- The Kev. Isidore Myen. 8.31, will doom hw great lecture'on tho ** Talmud" at the .Vcchsincr Ictilknte, on Tuesday week, ihe 12 h lost A “ e lecture which is a very interesting one. will no illustrated by extracts, maxims, proverbs, allegories, legends, stories a« and ama-ing anecdotes Tickets are for sale in all the prlncipil p’aces of business. *1 ha moot* ly meeting of tho B*llarau‘oac i onuaers, wheelwrights, and Black- untths’ Union will be held at Mr Graham’s rooms, Camp street, on .Monday evening Tho la’ios and gentlemen who have received circu lar# regarding th i formafon of a We’>h choir fere re qncsted io meot st tho Armstrong street chcrca on Tuesday evening neat. , Tin Eclectic association of Billirat will meet to morrow evening at the Mech nics* Instituto at T o'clock. Mr S. Camming will read a paper on Is® religion of Shakespeare,” _ _ • 