i'LORD OF ALL.' A. LOVE STORY. Bv Mrs. Herbert Martin, Arinon of Bonnie ListEr, Ah Uklessohed Gnu, &o.; (Oonomjded From Labi Week.) Vincent Handal went back to Penruth, and the verystrength of his purposoquiotod thorestless fever bohad boon in sinco ho leftit. Buthodidnotgo to thocottago. Ho wanted Mary Trevarroch away from tho influence of tho hard, sad, prosaic mother and the lifo of her homo ; ho wantod to got her to himself on tho shore whore he had seen her first, I npjir tlio prcat murmur of her own sea. At last: hornet her there. She started when she saw I him, but did not blush. Her oyos woro bright with kindness and pleasure, as ho came up to her . arid took her hand. , ,' You look surprised,' ho .said, speaking -with i perfect oasb now that t^o Bnprem'o momorit of his: fate had actually coino. .'Did. you not knowli wasbackatPonruth?' ,-..?.'?; ?; -.?!;.-? , ? 'Np. lya bcen^at'th'eHflUj'tVy ?waytwl: somo help thoro getting, tho Jjouso ready for tlic. family. My mother.is a friend Tvith the house-,,, keeper. I am. surprised you've como back.' -,. v ;. 'Why,?,';,;'' , , '. ; .-? ,,'i .,:,.:. ? MX don't know why. I- fancied you'd gone for,,.: good.'' ' , . ..-'??.'? ?::'','/'?: . ' I went to seo if it was ' for good-' I found,. it was not, so I camo back. Sit down here by .me on this rock, Mary Trevarroch, and: listen to men for a minute. I want to talk about myself, and t - you aro to bo so kind as to attend and try not to ? think itabore.' . Mary's straight black brows contracted a Jittlo: - with a somewhat uneasy and puzzled expression.. ' It won't bother me, sir,' she said, in a slightly; confused tone, ' but I can't seo what it can have., to do with mo.' 'It has only to do with two people, and yon' aro ono of the two. Tho other is a man who sots.. up to bo an artist, but who has never and will, never make a great thing of art;; a man of over forty, who is gotting grpy, and who never had. any good looks at tho best, who is not up to any- ? thing vory particularly, but is not a bai follow to live with. Ho came down into Cornwall ;last month in an aimless sort of way, drifting, about liko yonder seaweed ; and while he was ' there, ?, ono day ho saw — what I believe he had been ., looking for all his life — a girl, who got possession of him heart and soul. She is very beautiful— ? very, very beautiful. But that isn't all^-that... isn't half. Sho is perfectly ? unconscious of hen Bclf, which adds a glorious nobility to her beauty. . She is simple, and frank, and true; . I know; sho iB ; I seo it in her eyes. She has a puresoul and a... noblo heart. Mary, what has she to say to- tho poor follow that loves hor ? Mary, , my beautiful .- darling, look in my faco and say.',, , : . .. - . A pale, cold, changed faco was slowly turned to.. . him, and her voice said in low and trembling, tones, . ? i., .. . 'I don't rightly understand you, .sir. I'm only an ignorant girl, and. I suppose you. aro,-- speaking out of a joko.' ? '.?,?. ' You daro think nothing of the sort,'! Vincent » returned passionately ; a sudden touch that, was - ' almost like fierceness totally transforming his good-tempered faco for the moment. ' What right have you to insult me by such a supposi tion ? Daro ono jest when one's life is.: .at . stako?' . ?'?;.: 'You want mo to marry you?' Mary said. slowly, and with a sudden, cold apathy, of. tone. Tho baldness of the. words struck upon him in the glow and romance of his feelings painfully. and jarringly. ; ? 'Yes, I want you to marry me,' ho. repeated,. rather bitterly, '.' if 'that is the wayyouput.it., I want you to know that I love you— love j'oo.n. passionately, Mary Trovarroch.' ' Mr. Handal,' she said, with her eyes still on-1 his, and a sudden color coming into, her face; ;' 'I'd liko you to understand me. ; Iilqved,;WUl.,-: Penruddock,' . . ? . ? ' Yes, I know;' ho said sadly, looking doivn at tho sand at his feet. ' ' : ? ;- ?? 'Ay, but that's not all. I lovo him now, y though ho is — dead — somewlioro put there,' and. sho stretched hor arm out towards the sea, 'I never had cared for anyone elso, and Inevorcan. When, ho went dowa I: said, good/bye to every thing— everything that makes a girl like her. life. I've been sick of mine nigh upon two years,- but I've dragged on Bomoway. It's very good of you to speak like this to a poor icnorant cirl like me,: but it'll bo. the best for you' to go away and for get mo quickly. Go away from Penruth' and find somo lady to lovo you.' Then the tone which, had been almost harsh changed to. gentleness ; she took his hand and kissed it, 'God bless you! You'ro a good, good man, I wish I was a lady and froo, and I'd love you, and try to- make you happy.' . Vincent was carried away by the emotion which tho touch of her lips on his hand brought him, carried away so far as to put his arm round: ; her and kiss her. Sho drew back witlran angry moro than a confused movement. 'You've no right, sir,' she said, haughtily. 'If I am a poor girl I gave you no leave. I'll go ? home. There's nothing more to say.' 'Mary, for God's sako don't leave me like; that; don't lot mo keep a memory of you with ; anger in your faco! I won't vex you again. I ! won't offond you again ; only listen one. moment tome. No ono will ever caro for yoa-asldo. My dearest, I know you loved tho man you had promised to marry. I know you haven't for gotten him. I don't ask you to do that. I ask I for nothing but that you'll trust yourself to me. I'll make your lifo brighter, happier for you — so. bright, so happy, so full of love, that in time my ? wife will givo mo bor whole heart. I'll givo you1 time, Mary, time to lot tho memory of the paat cease to pain you, I'll not hurry you.' ' I don't want to lose the memory I' she cried, with vehement emphasis. 'I lovo it better than ; anything. It's tho best of.me. I can't part with all I have left of tho timo I was happy. Oh ! I ; was happy, though Twos poor and ignorant as I j am now ; there was all tho difference — all tho j difference' As she Bpoko she broko into pas- - sionato crying, and before ho could answer her * she was on hor feet and turning hor faco in the direction of tho land. Ho did not attompt to follow hor, a dreary senso of the hopelessness of the moment, somothing also liko drend of the I determined resistance of the girl, kept him back. . 'A woman loves by the eyes,' he said to him- ' self with a sort of angry sadness, 'and if one wero to shower treasures of. lovo upon her, she would care nothing for that. Sho's liko them all.' But Vincent's mood changed bofore nany hours had passed. Tho longing to possess this beautiful creature, nobly beautiful, unspoilt by tho world, 'acorn of purest ray serene' set- in Borough a caakot, returned with uncontrollable fierceness, and he did a thing which, in his own eyes, was mean, the first meanness which ho h.td over committed. Ho wont to woo tho mother. ?He knsw that Mrs. Trevarroch, if sho ever hud them, had outlived all romantic views of life, I and ho represented bis case to her with 'vrh.at.hc called to himself 'brutal. vulgarity.' He told I her of the extent of his -income, hia poaitiomiii I lifo| the property ho could setUo upon hia wife. I.Mrs, TreTorroeh listened, with [ov'orjr. bird lino of I her faco, sharpened with ?eagerness— tho-. btttar I eagerness of life-long.poverty. - ?'? ? ?' . ?? I 'Bho'sabomfobl,'wa3,h8f''e*lhment on'1'* lOnvarnished tale ; ' and when sho knows it's as orach aa we can do to find bread ! A born fool. ; *Tain'tevenasifPenraddockweroalive— ho might iave kept her decently, and he was a good fol low ; bnt she's nought in tho world to look to 'now bnt want and trouble. I'll make her have srou, Mr. Randal, bless yon.' Vincent shrank in a sort of hatred from his ially, bat he did not refaso the offer. He wanted Mary no mock tho more fiercely for its difficulty. Bat he was cautions ; he mot her every day for a week, bat he did not press his suit ; ho met her ?with quiet seriousness and respect which touched Iher, he looked so sad. Her eyes dwelt on him so .wistfully as to bo almost tender— almost, not ' ?quite Mary seldom was tender, though her ieart was deep, capablo of holding a whole ocean ?of love. One day he asked her bluntly and sud . denly if Bhe meant ever to marry him, or to 'break his heart? ' Her eyelids Quivered and her lips too in an Attempt to smile. ' Men's hearts don't break,' «he said feebly. 'Don't they?' he retnrned. 'Ton know a ?great deal about them ! ? ? 'I know nought about gentlemen,'* she an swered, half sarcastically ; 'but I can't believe in your remembering such as me long.' 'Mary I don't ask you to love me, remomher. Ton have only to marry me. At least your life won't bo worse than it is.' 'It can't be much,' she said, under her breath ; ' only I'm loth to leave— the shore.' 1 ? Think of all it means— freedom from caro, for yon, for your mother ? ' 'Hush!' she returned, fiercely, 'that's what ahe'a pat into you. Don't make me do Iiko that. Will it make you happy — oven if I can't love yon?' ' Yes,' ho answered, in a tono that had, how ever, no elation in it ; ' it is my only chance.' 'Then-tako me, if you will,' she cried, put ting out her handB, ' and never say I played you false. My heart's dead ; but what's left of me is pours, though it's not worth your tooping to pick out of the gutter.' He took' her hands and pressed them to his heart, but something in her prevented him from trying to kiss her. Bhe was bard, and his mood iwas chilled. In a few days Vincent returned to London to make preparations for his wedding. Before he ! left Penruth ho gavo Mary's mother notes for £50 that she might make some changes in her way of living at once. The woman who could not Bhed a tear for herbitter past, cried over the money. In ? A week a'box arrived from London for Miss Trevar- i jochfullof dresses, linen and cambric fitfor a lady. I Mary tossed them over with scorn. 'Myprico,'she i said Ibittcrly to her mother; 'he might have i waited for that. I'm no pauper, and— and I hate 'em'.' With these last words, violently spoken. . sketbtpko ont into a storm of sobs and tears. All rthe pief she had (gone through had bat seldom i cdrawn a tear from her. ' But her heart told her she was ungrateful, and %o please Vincent she put on tho plainest dress ho had sent to' welcome him in. He caught her to his breast with rapture. It seemed to him that being absent from her brought her wonderful teauty more vividly homo to him each time. ?Cold as she was she set his ardent blood on fire. He put a ring on her finger as they sat together on tho rockB. Mary looked at him, then at the ring, and then she laid her hand on the back of bis. ' Look there, sir,' she said, with a curious smile, ' did ever you see anything look worse ? There's my hard brown hand, a poor woman's working .band, with a fine lady's ring upon it. Jfconly makes it Isok hornier and uglier. Please ?to takeiit off; jewels on me look like blue satin furniture wonld in our kitchen. I'd rather not ?wear it, thanking you all tho same.' 'You are right,' Vincent said, quietly, draw ing off the ring. ' The dear hand does not need ?it, a plain gold circlowill look fitter.' And he .kissed tho third finger, which ho stripped of its ornament. At the moment he kissod her hand he felt it «nddenly twitch and struggle with a kind of con vulsive movement which released it from his. Mary had risen to her feet. Her face was a ghastly white, her eyes wide open, were filled with terror. Vincent following them saw that they were fixed upon a boat which was nearinc the shore. A man in a sailor's dress with a red cap. was in it, Vincent thought that the boat had como from a brig which was anchored a mile or two out. He had scarcely time to form a col lee ted thought when Mary uttered a cry-^it' hardly sonnded like a human voice, moro like tho scream of a wild bird — 'Come back, come back from the little dead, to enrse mo !' These words somehow shaped themselves. As the boat grated on the shore she turned, flung up her arms, and rushed away up the steep cliff path as if she wore pur sued by the furies. Vincent, calm as English gentlemen are wont to bo in tho face of a great cmergonoy.stoodand watched the sailor in tholittle ship's boat. He had no manner of doubt who it was. It was a magnificent figure of a young Hercules that leapt out and hurried towards him —with bluo eyes aflame with passion, which turned the ruddy brow of his face a curious grey — perhaps 6 feet 3 inches in height, cer tainly not less. Vincent looked like a pigmy by his side, and in part of the distortion of jealous anger the fellow was divinely handsome. Vincent saw this with his usual bitter candor ' towards himself: ho saw tho golden-brown beard and curling Lair, tho fine aauiline nose, tho vividly bluo eyes. These were what had stolen Mary Trevarroch's heart, which had been ico to him. It was all over. The sea had given us its dead to blast the hope of his life. He answered Will Penruddock's incoherent fierceness of question and invective with a quiet 'You aro the sailor, Penruddock, who was supposed to bo lost ?' 'I am. And that was my lass, my sweet heart. What dared you do with her ?' 'I was going to marry hor.' 'You — damn you.' ' No, you needn't do that,' Vincent returned with careless grace. ' She thonght you dead — maturally enough, I suppose ; and sbe was so good as to bo willing to become my wife, without pre ?iending to caro for rue. There is no occasion, rthat I see, to swear at me. I havo acted in per fect good faith; so bos she.' ' 'She wants to marry a gentloman, Isuppose, not a poor fellow likp me,' Will began, trying to weak moro calmly, but breaking off again ; 'but 1'ii ask her. I'll bo suro before I go away nnd ?get drowned, as she thought I was. -.She shall say which of us it is to be.' ? And leaving Vincent, be leapt.. up the rocks. of bis own familiar shore in pursuit of tho girl who bad fled from tho awful vision, us sho believed, of her dead love. He stumbled over something, and looking down, bo saw that it was a woman lying insensible— a mere heap of clothes it seemed at. first, but stooping and turning her, ho saw .Mary Xrovarroch's face with closed eyes and white parted lips. Will gathered her to his bo3om with a sadden change from' passionate anger to pas ?Bionato tendorness, rooking hor in bis arms, try-; ing to warm her Jipa and checks with kiBses.' When hor eyes flutterpdopen they fell on his* 'WiJ),' she said, faintly, but smiling as if; she had awoko in heaven, 'is it you or your ghost ?' ... 'Me— my living self— darling of my heart. Mary, who shall part us ? You don't love any one but me? God surely never brought mo back— the only ono out of tho crow— for that. You're my lass still — mine I' Tho words brought remembrance which tho first anguisbof her joy had blotted out. She Bat up and put hor hand to herhoa'l— it wosthehond Vin cent had kissed a few minutes ago I She looked at it strangely,and, rising to hor feet, tried to move without Will's help, but hor limbs failei her, and she leant against thorock, a little turned away from him. Will stood and looked at her with a curious mixture of love, and fierceness, and terror in his face. At that momont Vincent Randal canio slowly up, and stood before them. Mary looked at the two men -with a quivering face, and then, putting up her clasped hands, she dropped at Vincent's toot! 'He's como back — come back !'she sobbed out ' Ob, air. I love him ! I told you I did. You can't say I was false. I thought in timo I'd live to forgot him, and I meant to bo good. Oh ! tell him— tell him I' and sbe dropped her head upon the ground. ' What am I to tell him ?' Vincent asked in a slow stern voice. ' You can tell him best your self what there 'b to bo told. Good-bye, Mary Trevarroch.' He had not left thorn long before he hated him self. He half turned to go back as ho heard her sobbing, but ho dared not trust himself. Ho went to the Fisherman's Rest, and racked un his things ; then he sat down and wroto :— 'Forgive me for speaking cruelly, my poor girl. I know what you meant me to tell him, though at the moment I could not answer you as' I ought. Tell him now from me that I honor you, and havo al ways honored you as much as I loved you. You did not say Yes to mo at last because I had some worldly good to offer you ; you saw it was what I wanted, and you meant to make me happy. Bat your true heart spoke when you said No, not Yes, to me. Wo are both spared much. Good-bye, and God bless you, Mary. I need not bid you be true to Will Ponruddock, whom , tho depths have given back to you.' As he wroto the last words tho evening dark ened so fast ho could scarcely seo what ho had written, and ho laid down tho pen. At that mo ment someone knocked. Ho opened tho door, and saw Mary Trovarroch in hor peasant dross. Ho took her hands, which were damp and icy cold, and drew her into the room. Sbe looked at him, trembling in every fibre of her frame. 'They tell mo you're goirfi* oarly to-morrow, sir,' aho said, in a scarcely audible voice. 'Yes, my dear.' . ? ' Oh, you'ro not angry with me, then ? You don't hate me since you speak so I Mr. Bandul, yon understand ?' ' Yes, I understand. I was writing to you to tell you so. Does Will understand too !' ' Yes,' sho murmured, with drooping head. ' But I'd like to ask your pardon before you go, Mr. Randal. You've beon so good — so good to mo ! Tho things aro all sent back, sir; I never wanted tbom.' . ? 'No,' he returned, in the same quiet, half apathetic tone. 'I know that ; and neither do I want them.' . . ' You'll try to forgive me ?' ' I've nothing to forgivo ; on tho contrary, I havo one thing to thank you for, Mary. I've all my life been hunting for ideabi ; yon have helped mo a good deal. I see there are women who can love. ? Lore is still now and then 'lord of all,' not money. Good-bye. My dear, let me kiss you for good-bye, for I shall never see Penruth nor you again, most likely. You will be married soon?' 'I think so.' 'And then?' '? Wo shall live here— he will get a boat of his own in time, he hopes.' ' Ah ! I see. I hope so too.' He kissed her on tho chock and turned away from her ; before sho bad closed the door he had torn his letter into atoms. Next day Vincent Randal was in his old world again, and it did not perceive any differenco in him. Will Penruddock had a wedding present from an unknown and only guessed-at benefactor, which enabled him to become the owner of a boat in the place of that he had lost. In Bpite of this, and of a handsome present from tho same un known sourco, tho widow Trovarroch resented her daughter's choice with persistent bitterness. In the unearthly light of tho strange, dawn of her happiness which seemed bo long to havo set, Mary cared little for that. Whether tho light lasted and was enough always to shine upon tho rough pathway of her future life I can but guess. It is much if only a few stops aro lighted, for to many is given only the sullen grey of a cloudy win ter, which nover breaks into summer this Bide the grave.'. . . . . 