JEZEBEL'S DAUGHTER, ' PART II. MB. DAVID GLENNEY COLLECTS HIS MATERIALS AND CONTINUES THE STORY HISTORICALLY. CHAPTER XVIH. _^The discovery of Jack agreeably surprised ' Schwartz, without in the least perplexing him. His little friend (as he reasoned) liad no doubt remembered his invitation to the deadhouse, and had obtained admission through the interference of the strange gentleman who was with him. But who was the gentleman ? The deputy night watchman (though he might carry mes \- sages for his relative the nurse) was not personally acquainted with his sister's medical patrons in Frankfort. He looked at the doctor with an expression of con siderable doubt., ' I beg your pardon, sir,' he ventured to say, 'you're not a member of the city council, are you ? ' 'I have nothing to do with the city council.' ' And nothing to do with managing the deadhouse ? ' ' Nothing. I am Dr. Dformann.' Schwartz snapped his clumsy fingers as an .appropriate expression of relief. 'All right, sir ! Leave the little man with me ' — I'll take care of him.' ' Do you know this person ? ' asked the doctor, turning to Jack. 'Yes! yes! leave me here with him,' Jack answered eagerly. ' Good-night, sir — good-night ! ' Dr. Dormann looked again at Jack's friend. 'I thought strangers were not allowed here at night,' he said. ' It's against the rules,' Schwartz ad mitted. ' But, Lord love you, sir, think of the dulness of this place ! Besides, I'm only a deputy. In three nights more the regular man will come on duty again. It's an awful job, doctor, watching alone here all night. One of the men actually went mad and hanged himself. To be sure he was a poet in his way, which makes it less remarkable. I'm not a poet myself — I'm only a sociable creature. Leave little Jack with me ! I'll send him home safe and sound — I feel like a father to him.' The doctor hesitated. What was he to do. Jack had already returned to the cell wherein his mistress lay. To remove him by the brutal exercise of main force was a proceeding from which Dr. Dormann's delicacy of feeling naturally recoiled — to say nothing of the danger of provoking that outbreak of madness against which the doctor had himself warned Mr. Keller. Per suasion he had already tried in vain. Delegated authority to control Jack had not been conferred on him. There seemed to be no other course than to yield. 'If you persist in you obstinacy,' he said to Jack, ' I must return alone to Mr. Keller's house, and tell'liim that I have left you here with your friend.' ? Jack was already absorbed in his own thoughts. He only repeated vacantly, 'good-night.' © *' Dr. Dormann left the room. Schwartz looked in at his guest. ' Wait there for the present,' he said. ' The porter will be here directly : I don't want him to see you.' The porter came in. after* an interval. ' All right for the night ? ' he asked. ' All right,' Schwartz answered. The porter withdrew in silence. The night- watchman's reply was his authority for closing the gates of the dead house. Schwartz returned to Jack — still watching patiently by the couch. ' Was she a rela tion of yours ? ' he asked. ' All the relations in the world to me ! ' Jack burst out passionately. ' Father and mother — and brother and sister and wife.' ' Aye, aye ? Five relations in one is what I call an economical family,' said Schwartz. 'Come out here to the table. You stood treat last time — my turn now. I've got the wine handy. Yes, yes — she was a fine woman in her time, I dare say. Why haven't you put her into her coffin, like other people ? ' 'Why?' Jack repeated indignantly. 'I couldn't prevent them from bringing her here ; but I would have burnt the house down over their heads if they had dared to put her into a coffin ! Are you stupid enough to suppose that mistress is dead ? Don't you know that I'm watching and waiting here till she -wakes. Ah! I beg your pardon — you don't know. The rest of them would have let her die. I saved her life. Come here and I'll tell you how.' He dragged Schwartz into the cell. As I the watchman disappeared from view, the wild white face of Madame Fontaine ap peared between the curtains of her hiding place, listening to Jack's narrative of the opening of the cupboard, and the discovery that had followed. Schwartz humoured his little friend (evi dently, as he now concluded, his crazy little friend), by listening in respectful silence. Instead of making any remark at the end, he mentioned once more that the wine was handy. 'Come!' he* reiterated ; 'come to the table ! ' . Madame Fontaine drew back again be hind the curtains. Jack remained obsti nately in the cell. ' I mean to see it,' he said, ' the moment she moves.' ' Do you think your eyes will tell you ? ' Schwartz remonstrated. ' You look dead beat already ; your eyes will get tired. Trust the bell here, over the door. Brass and steel don't get tired ; brass and steel don't fall asleep ; brass and steel will ring, and call you to her. Take a rest and a ' - drink.' h These words reminded Jack of the doctor's experiment with the alarm-bell. He could not disguise from himself the stealthily growing sense of fatigue iu his head and his limbs. ' I'm afraid you're right,' lie said sadly. ' I wish I was a. stronger man.' He joined Schwartz at the table, and dropped wearily into the watchman's chair. V His head sank oh his breast, his eyes closed. He started up again. '' She may want help when she wakes!' he cried, with a look of terror. ' What must we do ? Can we carry her home between us ? 0 ! Schwartz, I was 'so confident in myself a little while since— and it seems all to have L- left me now !-'. ' Don't worry that weary little head of yours about nothing,' Schwartz answered with rough good-nature. ' Come along with me, and I'll show you where help's to be got when help's wanted. No! not you won't ba out of hearing of the bell — if it rings. We'll leave the door open. It's only on the other side of the passage here.' He lighted a lantern, and led Jack out. Leaving the court-yard and the waiting room on their left- hand, he advanced along the right-hand side of the passage, and opened the door of a bed-chamber, always kept ready for use. A second door in the bed- chamber led to a bath-room. Here, opposite the bath, stood the cabinet in which the restorative applications were kept, under the care of the overseer. When the two men had gone out, Madame Fontaine ventured into the watchman's chamber. Her eyes turned towards the one terrible cell, at the farther end of the row of black curtains. She advanced towards it, j and stopped, lifting her hands to her head j in the desperate effort to compose herself. | The terror of impending discovery had ! never left her since Jack had owned the use to which he had put the contents of the blue-glass bottle. Animated by that all- mastering dread, she had thrown away every poison in the medicine-chest — had broken the bottles into fragments — and' had taken those frag ments out with her when she left the house to follow Dr. Dormann. On the way to the cemetery she had scattered the morsels of broken glass and torn paper on the dark road outside the city gate. Nothing now remained but the empty medicine-chest and the writing in cypher, once rolled round the poison called the ' looking-glass drops.' Under these altered circumstances she had risked asking Doctor Dormann to interpret the mysterious characters on the bare chance of their containing some warning by which she might profit in her present ignorance of the results which Jack's ignorant interference might produce. Acting under the same vague terror of that possible revival, to which Jack looked forward with such certain hope, she had followed him to the deadhouse, and had waited, hidden in the cells, to hear what dangerous confidences he might repose in the doctor or in Mr. Keller, and to combat on the spot the suspicion which he might ignorautly rouse in their minds. Still in the same agony of doubt she now stood, with her eyes on the cell, trying to summon the resolution to judge for herself. One look at the dead woman, wliile the solitude in the room gave her the chance — one look might assure her of the livid pallor of death, or ?warn her of the terrible possibilities of awakening life. She hurried headlong over the intervening space and looked in. . . There, grand and still, lay her murderous work ! There, ghostly white on the ground of the black robe, were the rigid hands, topped by the hideous machinery which was to betray them if they trembled under the mysterious return of life ! In the instant when she saw it the sight overwhelmed her with horror. She turned distractedly !aiid;fled through the open door. Sho;ryCrossed tke-jcourtj'ard like a deeper shadow creeping swiftly through the darkness of the Winter night. On the thrj&hold; of the solitary waiting-roomjiexhaust'e'cN^ture claimed its rest. She wavered — groped witli her hands at the empty air — and sank insensible on the floor. In the meantime Schwartz revealed the purple of his visit to the bath-room. Tl* glass doors which protected the upper division of the cabinet was locked, the key being in the possessiou of the overseer. The cupboard in the lower division, containing towels and flannel wrappers, was left unsecured. Opening the door, the watchman drew out a bottle and an old travelling flask, concealed behind the bath-linen. ' I call this my cellar,' he explained. ' Cheer up, Jacky; we'll have a jolly night of it yet.' ' I don't want to see your cellar ! ' said Jack impatiently. ' I want to be of use to mistress — show me the place where we call for help.' ' Call ? ' repeated Schwartz, with a roar of laughter. ' Do you think they can hear us at the overseer's, through a courtyard, and a waiting-room, and a grand hall, and another courtyard, and another waiting-room beyond? Not if we were twenty men all bawling together till we were hoarse ! I'll show you how we can make the master hear us — if that miraculous revival of yours happens,' he added facetiously in a whisper to himself. He led the way back into the passage and held up his lantern so as to show the cornice. A row of fire-buckets was suspended there by hooks. Midway between them a stout rope hung through a metal-lined hole in the roof. * 'Do you see that?' said Schwartz. ' You have only to pull, and there's an iron tongue in the belfry above that will speak loud enough to be heard at the city gate. The overseer will come tumbling in, with his bunch of keys, as if the devil was at his heels, and the two women- servants after him— old and ugly, Jack ! — they attend to the bath, you know, when a woman wants it. Wait a bit ! Take the light into the bedroom and get a chair for yourself — we haven't much accommodation for evening visitors. Got it ? that's right. Would you like to see where the mad watchman hung himself ? On the last hook at the end of the row there. We've got a song he made about the deadhouse. I think it's in the drawer of the table. A gentleman had it printed and sold for the benefit of the widow , and children. Wait till we are well warmed with our liquor, and I'll tell you what I'll do — I'll sing you the mad watchman's song; and Jacky, my man, you shall sing the chorus ! Tow- row-rub-a-dub-boom — that's the tune. Pretty, isn't it ? Come along back to our snuggery.' He led the way to the watchman's chamber. & CHAPTER XIX. Jack looked eagerly into the cell again. There was no change — not a sign of that happy waking in which he so firmly believed. Schwartz opened the drawer of the table. Tobacco and pipes, two or three small drinking-glasses, a dirty pack of playing cards, the mad watchman's song, with a woodcut illustration of the suicide — all lay huddled together. He took from the drawer ; the song and two of the drinking-glasses and called to his little guest to come out of the cell . 'There,' he said, filling his glass, 'you never tasted such Wine as that in all your life. Off with it!' Jack turned away with a look of disgust. 'What did you say of wine when I drank with you the other night ?. ' he asked roproachfully. 'You said it would warm my heart and make a man of me. And what did it do ? I couldn't stand on my legs. I couldn't hold up my head — I was so sleepy and stupid that Joseph had to take me upstairs to my bed. I hate your wine ! Your wine's a liar, who promises and doesn't perform! I'm weary enough and wretched enough in my mind as it is. No more wine for me ! ' ' Wrong ! ' remarked Schwartz, emptying his glass and smacking his lips after it. ' You made a serious mistake the other night — you didn't drink half enough. Give the good liquor a fair chance, my son. No, you won't? .Must I try a little gentle persuasion before you will come back to your chair ? ' Suiting the action to the word, he put his arm round Jack. ' What's this I feel under my hand ? ' he asked. 'A bottle?' He took it out of Jack's breast - pocket. ' Lord help us ! ' he exclaimed, ' it looks like physic ! ' Jack snatched it away from him, with a cry of delight. ' The very thing for me — and I never thought of it ! ' It was the phial which Madame Fontaine had repentantly kept to herself after having expressly filled it for him with 'the fatal dose of ' Alexander's Wine ' — the phial which he had found when he first opened the pink-room cupboard. In the astonishment and delight of finding the blue-glass bottle immediately afterwards, he had entirely forgotten it. Nothing had since happened to remind him that it was in his pocket until Schwartz had stumbled on the discovery. ' It cures you when you are tired or troubled in your mind,' Jack aunouriced in his grandest manner, repeating Madame Fontaine's own words. ' Is there any water here ? ' ' Not a drop, thank heaven ! ' said Schwartz, devoutly. ' Give me my glass then. I once tried the remedy by itself, and it stung me as it went down. The wine won't hurt me with this splendid stuff in it. I'll take it in the wine.' ' Who told you to take it?' Schwartz asked, holding back the glass. ' Mrs. Housekeeper told me.' ' A woman ! ' growled Schwartz, in a tone of Sovereign contempt. ' How dare you let a woman physic you, when you've got me for a doctor ? Jack ! I'm ashamed I of you.' Jack defended his manhood. ' O, I don't care what she says ! I despise her— she's mad. You don't suppose she made this ? I wouldn't touch it if she had. No, ''.no;- her husband made .it— a wonderful man ! the greatest man in Germany ! ' He reached across the table and secured his glass of wine. Before it ..was possible to interfere, he had emptied the contents of the phial into it, and had raised it to his ' lips. At that moment, Schwartz's restrain^ . ing hand found its way to his wrist. The deputy watchman had far too sincere a regard for good wine to permit it to be drunk, in combination with physic, at his own table. ' Put it down ! ' he said gruffly. ' You're my visitor, ain't you ? Do you think I'm going to let housekeeper's cat-lap be drunk at my table ? Look here ! ' He held up his travelling-flask, with the metal drinking-cup taken off, so as to show the liquor through the glass. The rich amber colour of it fascinated Jack. He put his wine-glass back on the table. ' What is it ? ' he asked eagerly. ' Drinkable gold, Jack ! My physic. Brandy ! ' He poured out a dram into the metal cup. ' Try that,' he said, ' and don't let me hear any more about the housekeeper's physic.' Jack tasted it. The water came into his eyes — he put his hands on his throat. ' Fire ! ' he gasped faintly. ' Wait ! ' said Schwartz. Jack waited. The fiery grip of the brandy relaxed ; the genial warmth of it was wafted through him persuasively from head to foot. He took another sip. His eyes began to glitter. ' What divine being made this ? ' he asked. Without waiting to be an swered, he tried it again, and emptied the cup. 'More!' he cried. 'I' never felt so big, I never felt so strong, I never felt so clever, as I feel now ! ' Schwartz, drinking freely from his own bottle, recovered, and more than recovered, his Bacchanalian good humour. He clapped Jack on the shoulder. ' Who's the right doctor now?' he asked cheer fully. ' A drab of a housekeeper ? or Father Schwartz ? Your health, my jolly boy ! When the bottle's empty, I help you to finish the flask. Drink away ! and the devil take all heel-taps ! ' The next dose of brandy fired Jack's excitable lirain with a new idea. He fell on his knees at the table, and clasped his hands in a sudden fervour of devotion. ' Silence ! ' he commanded sternly. 'Your wine's only a poor devil. You drinkable gold is a god. Take your cap off, Schwartz — I'm worshipping drinkable gold ! ' ' Schwartz, highly diverted, threw his cap up to the ceiling. ' Allow me to help your sacred majesty back to the chair,' he said. Jack's answer betrayed another change in him. His tones were lofty ; his manner was distant. ' I prefer the floor,' he said ; ' hand me down my mug.' As he reached up to take it, the alarm-bell over the door caught his eye. Debased as lie was by the fiery strength of the drink, his ineradicable love for his* mistress made its noble in fluence felt through the coarse fumes that were mounting to his brain. ' Stop ! ' he cried. ' I must be where I can see the bell — I must be ready for her the instant it rings.' He crawled across the floor, and seated himself with his back against the wall of one of the empty cells, on the left-hand side of the room. Schwartz, shaking his fat . sides with laughter, handed down the cup to his guest. Jack took no notice of it. His eyes, reddened already by the brandy, were fixed oii the bell opposite to him. 'I want to know about it,' he said. ' What's that steel thing there, under the brass cover ? ' 'What's the use of asking ?' Schwartz replied, turning to his bottle. ? ' I wan't to know ! ' ' Patience, Jack— patience. Follow my fore-finger. My hand seems to shake a little; but it's as honest a hand as ever' was. That steel thiug there is the bell liammer, y^know. And bless your heart, the hammer's everything. Cost, Lord knows how much. Another toast my son, good luck to the bell ! ' Jack changed again ; he began to cry. ' She's sleeping too long on that sofa in there,' he said sadly. ' I want her to speak to me ; I want her to scold me for drinking in this horrid place. . My heart's all cold again. Where's the mug ? ' He found it as he spoke ; the fire of the brandy went down his throat once more, and lashed him into frantic high spirits. ' I'm up in the clouds ! ' he shouted ; ' I'm riding on a whirlwind. Sing, Schwartz ! Ha ! there are the stars twinkling through the sky light ! Sing the stars down from heaven ! ' Schwartz opened his bottle, without the ceremony of using the glass. 'Now we are primed !' he said — ' now for tho mad watchman's song.' He snatched up the paper from the table, and roared out hoarsely the first verse : — The moon was shining cold and bright, In the Frankfort deadhouse, on New Year's night, And I was watchman, left alone, While the rest to. feast and dance were gone ; I euvied their lot, and cursed my own — Poor me ! ' Chorus, Jack ! ' I envied their lot, and cursed my own — ' ' The last words of the verse were lost in a yell of drunken terror. Schwartz started out of his chair, aud pointed, panic stricken, to the lower end of the room. ' A ghost !' he screamed. ' A ghost in black at the door ! ' Jack looked round, and burst out laugh ing. ' Sit down again, you old fool,' he said. ' It's only Mrs. Housekeeper. We are singing, Mrs. Housekeeper ! You haven't heard my voice yet. I'm the finest singer in Germany.' Madame Fontaine approached him humbly. ' You have a kind heart, Jack — I am sure you will help me,' she said. ' Show me how to get out of this frightful place.' ' The devil take you !' growled Schwartz, recovering himself. 'How did you get in?' ' She's a witch !' shouted Jack. ' She rode in on a broomstick — she crept in through the keyhole. Where's the-. fire? Let's take her downstairs aud burn lier !' Schwartz applied himself to the braudy flask, amVbegan to laugh again. ' There never was such good company as Jack,' he said in his oiliest tones. ' You can't get out to night,- Mrs. Witch. Tho gates are locked — and they don't trust me with the key. Walk in ma'am. Plenty of accom modation for you, on that side of the room where Jack sits. We are slack^of/gliests for the grave to-niglit. /Walk in.' . She renewed her entreaties. ' I'll give you all the money I have about me ! Who can I go to for the key ? Jack ! Jack ! speak for me!' ' Go on with the song !' cried Jack. She appealed again in her despair to Schwartz. '0, sir, have mercy on me! I fainted, out there — raaid, when I came to myself, I tried to open the gates— and I called, and called, and nobody heard me.' Schwartz's sense of humour was tickled by this. ' If you could bellow like a bull,' he said, ' nobody could hear you. Take a seat ma'am.' ...' Go on with the song,' Jack reiterated. ' I'm tired of waiting.' Madame Fontaine looked wildly from one to the other of them. ' 0, God, I' m locked in with an idiot aud a drunkard ? ' The thought of it maddened her as it crossed her mind. Once more she fled from the room. Again and again, in the outer dark ness, she shrieked for help. Schwartz advanced staggering towards the door, with Jack's empty chair in his hand. ' Perhaps you'll be able to pipe a little higher, ma'am, if you come back and sit down ? Now for the song, Jack ! ' He burst out with the second verse : — Backwards and forwards with silent tread, I walked on my watch by the doors of tbo dead. And I said, it's hard, on this New Year, While the rest are. dancing to leave me here, Alone with death aud cold and fear — Poor me ! ' 'Chorus, Jack! Chorus, Mrs. House keeper ! Ho ! ho ! look at her ! She can't resist the music — she has come back to us already. What can we do for you ma'm ? The flask's not quite drained yet. Come and have a drink.' She had returned, recoiling from the outer darkness and silence, giddy with the sickening sense of a faintness which .was creeping over her again. When Schwartz spoke she advanced with tottering steps. ' Water ! ' she exclaimed, gasping for breath. ' I'm faint — water ! water ! ' ' ' Not a drop in the place, ma'am ! Brandy, if you like ? ' ' I forbid it ! ' cried Jack, with a peremp tory sign of the hand. ' Drinkable gold is for us — not for her ! ' The glass of wine which Schwartz had prevented him from drinking caught his notice. To give Madame Fontaine her own ' remedy,' stolen from her own room, Avas just the sort of trick to please Jack in his present humour. He pointed to the glass, and winked at the watchman. After a moment's hesitation, Schwartz's muddled brain absorbed the new idea. ' Here's a drop of wine left, ma'am. Suppose you try it ? ' She leaned one hand on the table to sup port herself. Her heart sank lower and lower ; a cold perspiration bedewed herface. ' Quick ! quick ! ' she murmured faintly. She seized the glass and emptied it eagerly, to the last drop. Schwartz and Jack eyed her with malicious curiosity. The idea of getting away was still in her mind. 'I think I can walk now,' she said. 'For God's sake, let me out ! ' ' Haven't I told you already ? I can't get out myself.' At that brutal answer, she shrank back. Slowly and feebly she made her way to the chair, and dropped on it. 'Cheer up, ma'm!' said Schwartz. ' You shall have more music to help you — you shall hear how the mad watclnnau lost his wits. Another dr^p of the drinkable gold, Jack. A dram for you, and another for me— and here goes ! ' He roared out the last verses of the song : — Any company's better than none, I said If I can't have tbo living, I'd like tbo dead. ' In one terrific moment more, The corpse-bell rang at each cell door, The moonlight shivered on tho floor — Poor me! The curtains gaped ; there stood a ghost, On every threshold, as white as frost, You called us, they shrieked, and we gathered, soon ; Dance with your guests by the New Year's moon ! I danced till I dropped in a deadly swoon Poor me ! And since that night I've lost my wits, And I shake with ceaseless ague- fits : For the ghosts they turned mo cold as stone, On that New Year's night when tbo white moon shone, And I walked on my watch all, all alone — Poor me ! And, 0, when I lie in my coffin-bed Heap thick the earth above my head ! Or I shall come back, and dance once more, With frantic feet on the deadhouse floor, And a ghost for a partner at every door — Poor me ! The night had cleared. While Schwartz was singing the moon shone in at the sky light. At the last verse of the song a ray of the cold yellow light streamed across Jack's face. The fire of the brandy leapt into flame — the madness broke out of him with a burst of its bygone fury. He sprang, screaming, to his feet. ' The moon ! ' he shouted — ' the mad watchman's moon ! The mad watchman himself is coming back. There he is, sliding down on the slanting light ! Do you see the brown earth of the grave drop ping from him, aud the rope round his neck ? Ha ! how he skips and twists and twirls ! He's dancing again with the dea»d ones. Make way there ! I mean to dance with them too-. Come on, mad watchman — come on ! I'm as mad as you are ! ' He whirled round and round with the fancied ghost for a partner in the dance. Tho coarse laughter of Schwartz burst out again at the terrible sight. He called, with drunken triumph, to Madame Fon ' taine. 'Look at Jacky, ma'am. There's a dancer for you ! There's good company for a dull winter night ! ' She neither looked nor moved — she sat crouched on the chair, spellbound with terror. Jack threw up his arms, turned giddily once or twice, and sank exhausted on the floor. ' The cold of him creeps up my hands,' he said, still possessed by the vision of the watch man. ' He cools my eyes, he calms my heart, he stuns my head. I'm dying, dying, dying — going back with him to the grave. Poor me ! poor me ! ' He lay hushed in a strange repose ; his eyes wide open, staring up at the moon. Schwartz drained the last drop of brandy out of the flask. ' Jack's name ought to be ' Solomon,' he pronounced with drowsy solemnity; ' Solomon was wise ; aud Jack's wise. Jack goes to sleep when the liquor's done. Take away the bottle before the overseer comes in. If any man says I'm not sober, that man lies. The Rhine wine has a way of humming in one's head. That's all, Mr. Overseer — that's all. Do I see the sun rising up there in the sk3Tliglit ? I wish you good-niglit ; I wish — you — good — night.' He laid his heavy arms on the table' ; his head dropped on them — he slept. The time passed. No sound broke the silence but the snoring of Schwartz. No change appeared in Jack; there he lay, staring up at the moon. Somewhere iu the building a clock struck the first hour of the morning. ^ Madame Fontaine started. The sound shook her with a new fear — a fear that expressed itself in a furtive look at the cell in which the dead woman lay. If the corpse-bell rang, would the stroke of it be like the single strokes of tho clock ? ' Jack ! ' she whispered. 'Do you hear the clock ? 0, Jack, the stillness is dread ful— speak to me.' He slowly raised himself. Perhaps the striking of the clock — perhaps some inner promptings — had aroused him. He neither answered Madame Fontaine nor looked- at her. With his arms clasped round his knees, he sat on the floor in the attitude of ? a savage. His eyes, which had stared at the moon, now stared with the same rigid glassy look at the alarm-bell over the cell door. The time went on. Again the oppression of silence became more than Madame Fon taine could endure. Again she tried to make Jack speak to her. . ' What are you looking at ? ' she asked, ' What are you waiting for ? Is it ? ? ' The rest of the sentence died away on her lips : the words that would finish it were words too terrible to be spoken. The sound of her voice, produced no visible impression on Jack. Had it in fluenced him in some unseen way ? Some thing did certainly disturb the strange torpor that held him. He spoke. The tones were slow and mechanical — the tones of a man searching his memory with pain and difficulty; repeating his recollections, one by one, as he recovered them, to him self. ' When she moves,' he muttered, ' her hands pull the string. Her hands send a message up : up and up to the bell.' He paused and pointed to the cell-door. The action had a horrible suggestiveness to the guilty wretch who was watching him. ' Don't do that ! ' she cried. ' Don't point there ! ' His hand never moved ; he pursued his newly-found recollections of what the doctor had shown to him. ' Up and ui) to the bell,' he repeated. ' And the bell feels it. The steel thing moves. The bell speaks. Good bell ! Faithful bell ! ' The clock struck the half hour past one. Madame Fontaine shrieked at the sound — her senses knew no distinction between the clock and the bell. She saw his pointing hand drop back and clasp itself with the other hand round his knees. He spoke — softly and tenderly now — he was speaking to the dead. ' Bise, mistress, rise ! Dear soul, the time is long ; and poor Jack is waiting for you ! ' She thought the closed curtains moved : the delusion was reality to her. She tried to rouse Schwartz. ' Watchman ! watchman ! Wake up ! ' He slept on as heavily as ever. She half rose from her chair. She was almost on her feet— when she sank back again. Jack had moved. He got up on his knees. ''Mistress hears me! ' he said. The light of vivid expression showed itself . iu his eyes. Their vacancy was gone : they looked longiugly 'at the door of the cell. He got on liis feet — he pressed both hands over 'his bosom. ' Come !' he said. ' 0, mistress, come ! ' There was a sound — a faint premonitory rustling sound— over the door. The steel hammer moved — rose — struck the metal globe. The bell rang. He stood rooted to the floor, sobbing hysterically. The iron grasp of suspense held him. Not a cry, not a movement escaped Madame Fontaine. The life seemed to have been struck out of her by the stroke of the bell. It woke Schwartz. Except that he looked up, he too never moved : he too was like a living creature turned to stone. A minute passed. The curtains swayed gently. Tremulous fingers crept out, parting them. Slowly, over the black surface of the curtain, a fail naked arm showed itself, widening the gap. g (The figure appeared, in its velvet pall. On the pale face the stillness of repose was barely ruffled yet. The eyes alone were conscious of returning life. They looked j out on the room, softly surprised and per- | plexed — no more. They looked down- ' wards : the lips trembled sweetly into a j smile. She saw Jack kneeling in ecstacy j at her feet. . j And now again, there tvas stillness in the j room. Unutterable happiness rejoiced, un utterable dread suffered, in the same silence. v The first sound heard came suddenly from j the lonely outer room. Hurrying footsteps * i swept over the courtyard. The flash of | lights flew along the dark passage. Voices i of men and women mingling together poured \ into the watchman's chamber. \ {To be continued.) f — — _j ? ? - ? . _ r Selectors' Wool. — We have been \ enabled to inspect several samples of high- \ class strong combing wool shorn from sheep i which undoubtedly may be regarded as rep resentative of a free-selector's flock, their | owner being Mr. J. S. Pengilly, whose ' homestead (which is known as Salisbury j Park) is situated upon Liverpool Plains, j about 50 miles from Muriurundi, aud to j the west of the A. A. Company's Warrah I Estate. He 'was one of the earliest of | the selectors in that part, aud commenced ! with small means ; and not having to fight j any squatters, he gradually added to his holdings, until now he has nearly 5000 j acres of laud taken up in his own and his children's names. He is one of the class of bona fide selectors, of which we regret to - - say there are now too few on this portion of £ the Liverpool Plains. He owns 1312 acres £ of plain aud timber country, and about- 8090 2 acres of ridge land. His breeding flocks £ are tho progeny of Collaroy sheep, and the j2 samples very clearly show that Mr. Pen- jc gilly is working iu the right groove. He is producing a wool which will never fail to £ command respect in any market it reaches. c — Sydney Mail. * An Unfortunate Ship. — In tho life of ships as of meu (says the London Daily Telegraph) many a career begins well, to end sadly and prematurely, and Shakespeare long ago expressed the strong simili tude which exists between the voyages of humanity and of the ocean. In two mel odious sentences he has painted a double sea-picture which cannot be surpassed for truth and force. The first describes the i happy starting of the ship : ' How like a ! 3Tounker or a prodigal the scarfed barque ! puts from her native bay, hugged and em- I braced by the strumpet winds !' We see | the bright promise of the enterprise ; every- I thing smiles upon the venture ; but the end 1 of it is mournfully recited in the next three ! lines: 'How like the prodigal doth she return, with over- weathered ribs and ragged sails, lean, rent, and beggared by the strumpet wind.' That is a quick and brilliant sketch of the badly-handled vessel, sacrificed for want of good seamanship ; but there are also unfortunate ships, as there are unfortunate men and women, to whom j fate is adverse from the first. Such was the splendid steamer Balgairn, wrecked on j October 12, upon the outset of her first | voyage, on Leversay Island, off the west ! coast of Scotland. This vessel was the largest of her class ever built at Aberdeen, carrying four thousand tons, with engines of two thousand horse-power. Her launch on the 15th August last was an event for the whole city and country, witnessed by a vast assemblage and celebrated by a banquet. So magnificent was thought the Balgairn that she was thrown open to the public as a sight, and thousands paid money to visit her, the proceeds going to local charities. On Monday last she started by the North Passage for Cardiff and Point de Galle, well commanded, well manned, as fit and fine a ship as could put to sea. Before dawn she went ashore on a rocky point of the Sound of Benbecula, and she will be come probably a total wreck, with all her valuable cargo and stores. This, for a ship, is like the death of a bride on her wedding day— but ' such is life,' whether on the waves of time or of the Atlantic. Tiie Literary Form of Advertisements. — I have often expressed my astonishment that whereas such immense sums are spent in advertisements, such very little care is taken with their literary form, so that the notices to educated persons evoke nothing but ridicule. A certain advertiser of dyes and paints, whom we will call Jones, thus speaks of his Artists' Black, ' Use this,' he says, 'in conjunction w7ith gold paint, and reblack your fenders, stoves, and fire irons,' and this advice he heads with the following announcement : — ' How to spend the long evenings profitably f ' Conceive any human being spending his winter even ing in re-blacking his fender and fire-irons ! This advertiser spends, I suppose, many hundreds a year ; and yet he grudges a £5 note, the expenditure of which would surely . procure him the services of a scribe with a sense of humour sufficient to avoid such a collocation as the above. — London Town Talk in Melbourne Argus. A remarkable patent has just been taken out iu Germany for a gunpowder engine. It is an old idea, but hitlieto has not been carried out successfully. Herr Beck, how ever, has recently devised an engine, the piston of which is driven backwards and for wards by small charges of gunpowder supplied at each end by an automatic arrangement. The ignition is effected by ? the notion of the piston, which draws in a flame of gas or spirit, the access being regulated by slide valves, which also open outlets for the escape of the gasses of com bustion. According to an ingenious statistician, the value of real and personal property in the United States has increased since 1860 at the average rate of £200 per minute, or £204,000 per day. 