CHAPTER XIII. " The lightest straw the balance turns; The smallest matcli ft warehouse burns; The slightest step out of the path, Leads to a day of doom and wrath." " In the morn of life, when love's our dream, No shade in store appears to be; But beyond love's bright deceiving gleam. Lies life's dark, dreary, troubled sea;" The afternoon sun was shining upon Gritty Gully, bathiihg in its warm light the great goldfield pf Grit; but not the field we have seen in the past. Had the ghost of Janet risen now it would not have recognised the spot where its poor clay met so untimely a fate. . A great change had come-over Grit. The miners who had had their being on Gritty Gully then, had " folded their tents," and "silently fled away." On the whole plain, there was not a tent to be seen; in their stead arose substantial brick and wooden houses. The street, of tents had vanished; and in its place was a fine thoroughfare, in the midst of which the Garryowen hotel, a costly structure of brick and stone, rose, displaying a tower of considerable height. There ' were grocers ,and drapers, and banks; in fact, all the signs of civilised existence, even to the gaol, a granite and brick structure, that frownedu over the reserve-as the spot set apart as sacred from the intrusion of brick, was called The gaol covered the site of what had been the " Camp" in the early days, where Mr. Bunakum's enemy, the Commissioner, lived. The remains of the'great alluvial diggings could be seen in the miles and miles of yellow ungrassed country on every side. Another feature in the landscape told of the great-change that had taken place. The stacks of engines rose in every direction, telling of spots where shafts had been sunk deep into the earth in quest of lodes. The field was indeed altered. The sturdy alluvial digger was no more; his place was supplied by wretched foasickers and Chinamen. A new order of men had been created; the quartz miners. The once rest less hordes of goldseekers had either settled down into quiet citizens, or gone off to other fields to pursue their feverish life. In two respects, however, Grit had not changed; indeed, so far as these were concerned, they had become intensified. It was redder and more glaring than ever. Save the dingy green of a decaying gum tree here and there, not a vestige of verdure was to be seen. The denuded surface had been red enough and staring in the past, but now the color was aggravated by the brick buildings that arose everywhere. Bed dust, too, rose in clouds on the slightest motion, so that the inhabitants had a little more than their share of that quantum, dust, everyone is supposed to swallow during their life. In regard to drinking, Grit had in no manner changed. Glancing along its principal street-the Parade, as it was proudly called the eye rested on a public-house every second building. The Garryowen was of course, the great hotel; but further down the street was another, not much inferior, the Patriot. There was much plate glass about this hotel, and a certain air of freedom* and openness that well accorded with the idea of patriotism. And who, of all men, think you, was landlord of the Patriot ? Who, but our esteemed friend Bunakum, the great thinker, the mighty speaker. There he stood at the door as large as life, descanting upon the political questions of the day. He had changed but very little; his attire was still loose and ungraceful great minds are not troubled about such trifling matters-and the mark of brandy was upon his face. He was, however, a trifle stouter, and, on the whole, looked a more responsible and respectable person. Bunakum had several reasons for standing at liis door. The primary one was that which prompts the spider to wait at the outside of his net to seize upon the silly flies that may come within his reach. Bunakum knew everyone, and therefore it would be thought mean of anyone whom he saluted, not to go within and have a drink. Then Bunakum's oratory was of such a kind, that he must be a hard- hearted, close-fisted wretch, who refused to "shout." There were no doubt, other reasons why Bunakum stood outside; but the one-is sufficient. Beyond taking his drink at the bar, he did little inside. He had provided a fair temptress there, who was quite able to , detain the flies, once he had inveigled them past the doorstep. This fair charmer was named Maggie-her surname no one know. Maggie was voluptuously beautiful, had soft clear. skin, very taking, though prominent features; a splendid carriage; and glossy black hair which was done up every day in a new and entrancing style. As she never declared herself in favor of any of her numerous swains in particular, it may be taken for granted that She was very popular. To many of the rough, hardworking miners, she was a sort of " revelation," and their thoughts by day, their dreams by night, were about the beautiful ' siren. When the Gritty Gully Trumpet had fallen into the hands of Hector Macinnis, and Bunakum was thrown again upon the world, his friends, Hector included, came to the con clusion, that above all things, he was suited to become a landlord. Under this impression they fixed him in the Patriot Hotel, and he fully justified their good opinion. He talked : bombast with his customers all day, and at night drank until consciousness was lost, when his able manservant trundled him off to bed to sleep away the fumes of-brandy. So Bunakum lived and prospered," and made money, although it was evident from his way \- of life, and the quantity of ardent spirits he drank, that an insurance over his life would !. not be a safe one. How he had managed to last so long was a wonder even to his friends. . 11 Gentlemen," said Bunakum, solemnly, " There can be no doubt the present is one . of the great crisises«of Grit. Do I not remem ber that glorious era when the Gritty Gully Trumpet was established, which drove the tyrant of this field, the Commissioner, off the place, and made him eventually resign his position ? -And now he returns to seek your suffrages-the man who trod upon you in the days that are past. Gentlemen, if he is elected, I humbly beg you toJhave me buried in; the deepest grave in the Back Creek Ceme tery; there let me rest in peace. Death "sooner-than disgrace. How can I live and see this villain triumph over the men of Grit. He is of that party which would hound you down. - He is a nominee of the squatters. Such men as he shut up the . lands which we should have had.. Why have not I a piece of my native earth ? Because they conspired against me, and drove me into the public line. The oligarchs did it, gentlemen,, the vile oligarchs. They've swallowed us up, and he's their tool. 'Down with him, or bury me! And who stands against* him? Hector Macinnis,- gentlemen, the noble Hector, who has championed your cause, who has made tlaa Gritty Gully Trumpet respected through out the landi He must be returned. "Ah," continued Bunakum, noticing a group ap proaching, " How are you, Jack ? Glad to see you, gentlemen." : The group consisted of a number of young miners, who were taking a stroll down the Parade before going on the night shift. They were all strong, handsome, manly fellows; but the centre figure was the most striking. He was a strong, but-gracefully-formed young fellow; rather tall, but so splendidly proporT tioned, that there was nothing awkward in his appearance. His face was open and manly, and was graced with a short brown beard, crisp and curly. His dress-a white tightly-fitting moleskin trowsers, secured with a scarf, and a red Crimean shirt-^set off his finely-formed limbs to great advantage. Perhaps his greatest attraction, however, was a very genial smile, that lit his face like a gleam pf sunshine, and roguish, pleasant eyes, whose twinkle went straight to the heart of everyone. This was none other than our hero, Jack. Few young maidens with hearts to let, could resist this'same attractive young fellow. . Jack was on pretty fair terifis with his father, although he did not live with him. The great sorrow of his early days had been washed away by the waves of time, and; save an occasional fit of sadness, when he passed the spot where had,been the tent in which his mother had come to so terrible an end, now occupied by a splendid store; or when he gazed on her lowly grave in the now unused cemetery-for a new one had been formed about a mile out of town-there was no recol lection of the past. Some people said he was a sad dog, very fond of womankind, and very much in love with Bertha, the daughter of the rich quartz miner, Mr. White, who was now the wealthiest man on the goldfield of Grit. It may be mentioned that the Patriot hotel had three distinct missions to fulfil in Grit. There was, first the. bar, which was indiscri minately the gathering' ground for loafers, politicians,and thegeneralpublic-particularly the young and impressible, who came to gaze on Maggie's charms. Then there were two snug parlors, where young men could play at that fascinating and essentially Gritty game, " Yankee grab " for drinks, and money, if they liked, while smiles of Maggie fully made up for the lover's sorrows. Behind this there was a select room, where gamblers of higher degree in sin, we mean, assembled daily and nightly to loo and be looed, varying the entertainm'ent with poker, hazard arid the like. There was j also a billiard room, and a large hall where the boarders dined, and where great meetings j were held. Bunakum had a special forte for getting up meetings; and, as they brought much gain to the establishment, it may well be imagined he did not let the institution die out. . j Headers of the Bible will remember a passage where a wise captain divided his troops, so that if the adversaries escaped one or two companies, they were sure to fall into the j hands of the third or fourth. Upon these principles, Bunakum proceeded. Those who escaped the bar, were seized by the little back room and Yankee grab; those who passed through the bar and Yankee grab ordeals were certain to fall into the " select room" and loo; so that none escaped. A judicious division of forces is of incalculable value. , But what was to be done with that rapidly-increasing section of adversaries known as the teetotallers, who, thanks to the untiring efforts of Obadiah Sweetcomfort, were becoming a power in Grit ? , The meeting-hall caught them, so that every adversary was properly provided for. . It may be as well to explain here, that the temperance movement was originated in Grit by Obadiah's respected father. The publican party grew so strong, that it struck that worthy another party could be raised pp in opposition, and be of value to the men who gave it life. Therefore he formed the United Sociable Society of Liquor Abominators, Gritty Gully District, of which he became the Worshipful Grand Honorable Worthy Head Master; so that he was known in Grit as Obadiah Sweetcomfort, Esq., W. G. H. W. H. M. of the U. S. S. 0. L. A., G. G. D. This society, having so much of moral weight on its side, did become a power; and the^ worthy founder thought himself booked for a seat in parlia ment, when the.incident we have'alluded to occurred, and he was sent to the next world to start a teetotal society there. Great was the rejoicing of the other party, who now thought their troubles over. Their gladness, however, was of short dura tion; for Obadiah Sweetcomfort, jun., more than took his father's place, and so vigorously contested the battle, that three letters were added to his title, and he had already drafted out a Permissive Bill that made the publicans fairly shake in their shoes. Bunakum was the greatest opponent of this movement, which he characterised as an attempt of the Com missioner, although that gentleman had left Grit-to interfere with the liberty of the subject. He threw the " grand old name of liberty" pretty successfully in the faces of the tee-totallers. His followers declared people were not ripe for a Permissive Bill. Nor were they likely to be, so long as drinking habits were encouraged by such men as Bunakum. " I'hope, Jack," said Bunakum, " that you are sound upon the question at issue, which will be decided to-morrow. Never was there a contest so frought with consequences as that upon which we have now entered." " Always harping upon the same thing, old man," said Willie Goderich, Jack's mate, a lithe, handsome, devil-may-care young fellow. " You depend we're all with you." Will you see the liberty of the subject trampled upon ?" said Bunakum, stamping on the ground as if liberty was beneath his feet. " No!" was the reply. "Will you see the country overriden by proud aquatters ?" "No!" "Will you be bound hand and foot by Obadiah Sweetcomfort and his water-drink ers?" "No!" " Talking of that," said Willie, with a light laugh, " I don't think we should stand here and take a shingle off Bunakum's roof. What do you say, boys-a shilling in, and the winner shouts ?" All assented. Jack did not like to hold out, but it was evident he would have preferred to have gone on. It was with a sort of savage self-vexation that he followed the others. He was perfectly conscious that all his money went in "grabbing," and that he lived in a hand-to-mouth way, because he hadn't strength to refuse. He knew Obadiah had gathered money together by living steadily, and that he was in a far better position than himself. How could he ever hope to be able to ask Bertha of old White, if he went on in this way, spending more than he earned, in folly ? A fellow could not save much on £2 5s. a week, but he would save less if he in dulged in " yankee grab." This abominable system of "shaking" and "shouting" was ruining him. But, although he knew it was wrong, he went in. We often are perfectly conscious we are doing wrong, but lack the power to hold back. Company leads us into evil, and we seem powerless to resist. There was also another reason why Jack did not want to go in. It was well known in Grit that Maggie was "struck" on Jack. Now Jack was very impressible; and, al though his early fancy for Bertha had ripened into a passionate attachment, he could not. resist being loved by a woman, at whose feet all his companions were ready to fall down and worship. A young man finds it very difficult to resist the admiration of a pretty girl. It was quite evident, when Jack went in, that Maggie made an exception in his favor. In stead of casting similar smiles around, she gave her sweetest to Jack, and took his hand. Willie at once called for "her bones," which, of course, resulted in the usual chaff. Jack wanted to have the shake in front of the bar, but Maggie and the others at once demanded it should take place in the little room. So they -went in, and Maggie held Jack's hand and talked soft nothings to him, while the | rest shook off. . ! " Seventeen's the main," said Willie, hand j ing Jack the box at the close of thejentertain ment. " There, Jack, beat that, and let Maggie go for the present." f I'll throw for him," said Maggie, and she proceeded to dexteriously manipulate the dice. | Two sixes were managed the first time, and the-final throw brought up six, at which" there was considerable cheering. Then Willie at once proposed a " dry shake," that is, one without drinks. Jack knew himself booked. All his resolutions to give up dice-throwing and cards were scattered to the winds, and there he stayed a willing victim to the charms of Maggie and the dice-box. Not but that Jack knew he was losing time and money. He knew it too well, but had not the power to resist, for it would be unpleasant and unsociable. How skilfully Maggie attended to the com pany, and Jack in particular; how carefully she saw that too many dry shakes did not take place. It is to be presumed the fellows sat down expecting to win something, but in that they were disappointed. "The.house" shallowed all the winnings, and a good deal more. It is the case in all publichouse gambling, that the players rise up poorer than they sat down, whichever way fortune may turn; poorer in pocket, poorer in health. But they have been amused. How intently Maggie looked at Jack the while. She felt in her soul that she loved him as she'had never loved another man, and her affaires dc cceur had not been few. How delightful it would be, thought Maggie, as she gazed on his honest handsome face, and sturdy form, to have a husband like him-in fact, to own him as her jjroperty. And Maggie did not think that was difficult. She knew Jack liked her. Of course, there was the love affair with Bertha, but then Maggie considered that Bertha's father was rich, and would never dream of an alliance with the young miner, who worked in one of his best claims-the Hesperus Extended. So, on the whole, she felt very easy. . There was a slight divertisement when Hector Macinnis, Bunakum, and several other leading characters passed through to have a look at the hall and see the preparations for the monster meeting that was to be held there that night. There was a slight effusion of red in Hectors's face as he noticed Jack, and the latter's countenance darkened. Though years had elapsed, Jack never could forget the past as regarded Hector; that he was primarily responsible for what had occurred. And there always appeared to be a shadow over this man. He had aged very much; he was grave and studious in appearance, but; that might have been caused by the thought he had to give to that now great organ of public opinion, the Gritty Gully Trumpet. Still, neither he, nor Jack could ever get rid of a feeling of bitter antagonism. Though Jack did not care sixpence about politics, he had entered into the present contest with spirit, and taken up the side of the Commissioner, Mr. Miall, seek ing to obtain the votes of his fellow-workers against Hector. Still the play went on, and Jack lost, until his last shilling was gone. Then he threw the dice-box away from him in a sort of rage. " I won't play any more," said Jack, just as he heard the BUnakum party, after examining the hall, settle down to a ganie of loo in the select room-" I'm stumped." " Go on," said Willie," I'll lend you some." "I'll lend you some, Jack," said Maggie, pressing his hand. " No, I won't borrow," said Jack, with an unusual firmness; "I'll try my luck to morrow." ;" Oh, go on," said the party, " we'll trust you." "No," said Jack, with a grim determina tion. " Besides, it's time to go to work; it's after four." Reluctantly enough the party withdrew, and, after Jack had squeezed Maggie's hand, they departed to go on the night shift. " Jack is going against me," said Hector to Bunakum, just after the latter had been looed for £4 7s. 6d. "Yes," said Bunakum, dealing the cards, "but I don't think lie can do much except amongst his own lot." "I wish he had cleared out of . the district," said Hector, in a low tone. " Oh, he'll be cleared out soon enough," said Bunakum, dexterously turning up a trump that suited his own hand. . 