The telegrams published ia our issue of yesterday indicated that affairs in Egypt aro in a very critical position. Some months ago the party in the State represented by Malimoud Pasha and Arabi Bey, and called the Nationalists, contended for the right of the Chamber of Notabies to greater control over the finances than had been allowed them. The result was that they coni- pelled the retirement of Cheriff Pasha and his colleagues from office, and a new 'Ministry was formed, with Mahmoud Pasha as its head, and Arabi Bey as Minis ter of War. It was feared at the time that the change of Ministers would cause compli cations with thoss Foreign Powers who were, as the largest creditors, interested in the good government of Egypt. Assurances were, -however, given that no" change should be made , in the arrangements with reference to public creditors, , and tho new Ministry were left undisturbed : to carry," on ' the government of the country. Tho rotations between tbem and the Khedive hnve never been of a cordial character, and at length there has been an-opou rupture. There is a peculiar feature in tho present complication the army at their back. Arabi Bey, tbo War Minister, has been openly supported by tho officers of the array. The consequence is that the Ministry, instead of allowing the usual constitutional course to be followed, have not- scrupled to use coercion. They summoned the Chamber of Notables without the sanction of tbo Khedive, and threatened to depose him. Tbo ultimatum presented by tho representatives of England and France, demanding tho resignation of tho Ministry and the banishment of Arabi Bey and several of tbo Ministers, brought matters to a climax. The Ministry did resign, but how was the Khedive to ensure compliance with the other orders, nnd punish tho offending Ministers, seeing that he was not master in his country? Ho accepted the ultimatum himself, and Mahmoud Pasha nnd his colleagues conse quently thought it prudent to resign, but before doing so they referred the representatives of England and France to tho Sultan. As great disaffection was manifested among tho superior officers of tho array, tho Khedive himself assumed supreme command, and iu doing so gave great offence to tho Generals of tho Army, who then openly advocated his I deposition, and demanded that Arabi Pasha i should bo reinstated within twelve hours. : This demand the Khedive peremptorily ro- | fused to comply with, and the situation i became such as to cause gravo uneasiness to i the British Cabinet. Mr. Gladstone, in the | HouBeof Commons, on Friday last, admitted I that the position was critical, but said he had i hopes that it would not be necessary to resort to force. Meanwhile our telegram ia another column supplies us with further information concern- ! ing the development of events, and shows ! that another phqse of the complication has . been dovcloped. Tbo threats of tbo leaders of the army had caused general terror and , confusion, and there was a general stato of >- chaos. : The Notables appear to have brought all their influence to bear upon the Khedive, who has yielded to their remonstrances, nud.the threats of the Amy 'leaderH,'i: and reinstated Arabi Bey. At Constantinople there is talk of a Commission being, sent, to inquire into the state of things in Egypt, and it is stated that the Sultan and bis Ministers, although professedly favouring the Khedive, aro secretly abetting the .officers of the Army. The action of tho Khedive in yielding to importunities and threats, and reinstating Arabi Bey, is of courBC certain to lead to- further difficulties. The Governments of England and France, cannot, without a loss of dignity, rftreat from the position they took up in demanding the expulsion of Arabi . .Bey and others of his colleagues. It is idle to hold the Khedive blamable for what he could not avert. It was absurd to expect him to persist in carrying out the policy laid down in tbc ultimatnm, when he was littla better than a prisoner in his own capital. The Egyptian army may not be a very for midable body, but then it is superior to none at all. We have not beard that the English and the French had landed .any soldiers, or that the Sultan had 'sent any Turkish soldiers to Egypt. What was the Khedive to do, overwhelmed with the importunities on tho one band nnd with threats on the other ? The demonstration of the English and French fleets at Alexandria was not of much use in changing tbc current of eventB at Cairo. The demonstration of men-of- war could not aid the Khedive in resisting the demands of the ex-Ministers and tho Array. It was unfair and absurd to place him in such a position — to expect him to carry out the con ditions of the ultimatum when he was prac tically powerless. The ultimatnm should not have been sent nntil everything was ready for assisting the Khedive to enrry it ont. Now it has been openly defied, treated nB a mere brutuni fuhncn, and England and France aro compelled to sutler indignity from the insurrectionary party in Egypt. Prince Tcwfik seems to us to have acted as a wiso man. If lie bad persisted in the attempt to carry out the conditions of the ultimatum, ho might very possibly have found a speedier despatch to the heaven of the true believers than he cares for. Ferbaps his assassination wonld have been avenged by tbo two Powers on whose behalf he was acting, perhaps — indeed very probably — not. But in any case it would hnve been a very poor recompense to him. The attempt to carry out a system of representa tive government in Egypt does not seem to be very successful, especially under existing con ditions, when Foreign Powers, representing creditors, control tbc finances, aud dictate a policy to tho Chief Ilulor, who is a ruler only in name. One cannot help ontortaining a strong feeling of sympathy and respect for this Arabi Bey and the othor Ministers who have endeavoured to creato a National Party in Egypt. It is what Englishmen themselves would do under similar cirumRtances. " G.E.F.'s " letter in our issue of last Saturday again brings under tho notico of the public the disgraceful manner in which the energies of our "Colonial Jacks" aro taxed on board of somo of our merchant ships. Wo pointed out iu a previous article how one vessel was lately wrecked on our coast through being " under-manned " and the unwarrantable step of sending a steamer to sea with only a captain, a fireman, and an engineer on board to manage her day and night, in fine or in foul weather. Our correspondent complains that, in one instance, a steamer which wob lately moored at this port, ou a Tuesday morning at 1 a.m., was forced to pnt to sea again at 5 p.m. the same day — tbo crow only being allowed below for an hour and a half during all that timo. To all anDearancc. the case alluded to bv " G.E.F." is analogous to the alleged condition of many of tho passenger coasting ships that now come into our harbour. Out of 108 hours, the crows are, as a rule, worked 8Ci, thus leaving them only 21£ hours for rest, moals, and sleep, Ab onr correspondent jnstly observes, " With the crews' energies men- " tally and physically exhausted, in what stato " are tbey to keep watch and ward over tho " lives of the.paBsengers or tho safety of tho " ship?" Little do the passengers by such vessels dream that such a state of things exists, or they would prefer going overland wherever it was possible. Vain is it to expect that seamen will complain of such slavery. It : is more ; than their means of livelihood is worth to accuse tho colonial shipowners or masters of either tyranny, reckless disregard of life, or of-Pharaohism. They are " spotted" if thoy do. The whole shipping fraternity, it is stated, will 'band against them until they are fairly "boy- " cotted" out of tho service. Hence the im- . munity long- enjoyed by shipowners and masters in these colonies. Perhaps it is not fair to blame tho masters, as most of them are in the same predicament as the men — they must cither sail or clear out, and "mum's" the word with them, too. Like the Bailors, it is death for them to " rat." Whcro is tho captain that would get another ship iu Australia if he had left his last vessel because she had not sufficient ballast; or food, or gear, or hands aboard ? If ho wero Jason, or Captain Cook himself, he would bo " tabooed." Can you manago to do anothor trip in ber, captain ? is the usual inquiry when a usurious, greedy owner has a rat- forsaken' old hulk afloat, and wants to make the most of her; There is no nso in saying " No," for there are plenty of othor masters, like the unfortunate captain of the Susanna Godeffroy, -who aro ready and willing to venture their all in her, sink or swim. How- is it that when our sheep-dogB, working bul locks, nnd 'bus-horseB are not. worked more tnan ten nours in a uuy mat. iuo seamen in many of our coasting passenger vessels have to toil 86i hours out of the 108 all tbo year round ? dimply beonuse both masters and men are afraid to " kick against the. pricks." They would " rather bear the ills they hayo than fly to others that they know not of." In a word, in this colony, nay — in all the colonies — the ship-owners are masters of the Bitnation. They are able to control Parliament, as they are able to control their vassal-seamen and the result' is, that whatever lawB have been made up to this timo , are sura to be found more in their interest than in that of tbeir seamen. WaB there ever such a farce as to pass a law which enabled the owners of shipB to fix their own " Plirasoll line," which, if they liked, could be placed near the deck, aud only hold them liable if they carried above that line, or refused to lower it at the instance of the Marine Board ? But how many vessels go out of harboor without the cognisance of tbo Marine Board ? It is no exaggeration of terms to say that our merchant shipping laws are in a dilapidated and dangerous condition. But for bow many years have wo jsat to' linger before they are placed on a satisfactory footing ? In the language of the article on " Colonial Jack" we might ask, " Must overy " word in the law to bo passod to protect " 'Colonial Jack' be bought with a sailor's life?" It is woil ior a new country that, men who have acquired wealth in it should recog nise the fact that there are those not bo prosper ous as themselves, to whom, if a holpiug band be held out, it is as welcome and as opportune as tho ropo or tho buoy thrown out to a sinking seaman. Sir. Thomas Walker, of Concord, who has long been known as a generous giver, has handed over a cheque for ;!i 10.000 " in oiylor to " evineo his sympathy for tlioso of his loss " fortunnto fellow-colonists, young and old, "who are afflicted in divers ways by tho ills "and evils that 'beset civilised liiuniinity." "With tho humility tlmt characterises truo benevolonco .'find Christian charity — Which oes not oven lot its loft hand (know what its right hand doetb — he, on the occasion of bis sojourn froin the colony in search of renewed health and strength, handed over to two well-known gentlemen his cheque for this munificent sum, to be dis tributed in accordance with his desire, as their discretion might prompt. To some readers afar off it will seem almost strange that in this city, besides the munificently endowed Government institutions, there are twenty other charitable ones to which Sir. Walker's noble gift will be timely and acceptable. There is not tho shadow of a doubt that it will be well applied. But we are led to look from it to what there has been done elsewhere. . In what " we are accustomed to regard as the dark and the middle ages, men who had acquired wealth, no one would like to exactly say how, expended a portion of it on endowments and foundations which, in spite of abuses, have borne fruits of incalculable value. No fact is inoro noticeable, in the course of a tour through the United States, than tho princely manner in which tho descendants of the Puritan fathers have lavished tho wealth with which they have been gifted in the estab lishment of seats, of learning for the middle classes. The Parsee gentlemen in India have given froin the riches which they liavo accum- iated, even more liberally than tho world- honoured Peabody. When tho claim of tbc original proprietors was established beyond appeal to the leases of tbo Moonta mines in South Australia, Sir Walter Wat3on Hughes came forward with Ins gift of £20,000, or £30,000 if necessary, to the then inchoate Adelaide University. Sir Samuel Wilson then gave £30,000 to the Melbourne University ; Sir Thomas Elder followed suit with his £30,000 to the Adelaide University. Mr. Francis Orinond lias, out of his liberal heurt, been devising liberal things for the Working Men's College in Melbourne. In divers ways lie has also shown the tangible interest which lie lias taken in the well-being of bis fellow colonists. A magnifi cent bequest to tho Sydney University, of which it will one day feel the benefit, lias been made ; but tho men who in this colony describe their riches with six and occa sionally seven figures do not seem to have cmne forward with the same liberality that their neighbours clsewliero have done. Mr. Walker's charity is undoubtedly the outcome of the purest and most Christian-like feelings, but it docs seem that some of tho purchasers who have been able to" acquiro millions of acres of land in Now South Wales, might emulate the example which clsewliero has been set lie- fore tliein. Sir Waiter Watson Hughes established a precedent which lias not yet been observed as it might hnve been. While recognising thoexcuso that the Garden Palace was erected in a hurry, tlicro is no getting over the unpleasant fact that its foundations are being sapped for want of proper drainage. According to an account published by us yesterday, the flooring of the basement had recently been taken up, in older tlias the boards might lie placed closely to gether, and the ground was found to bo not only quite wet, through the entire absence of drainage, but there was a growth of fungus, emitting an unpleasant diluvium. If tho Palnco is to perform its allotted functions as the homo of the muses and several Government departments, two or three matters will have to be attended to. In the first place, for the sake of preserving the building from decay and the health of tho occupants from ruin, the drainage will have to bo seen to — or rather, drainage will have to be supplied — or else some fine day a crumbling mass of rotten wood will bu all that is loft of the onee proud structure. This is also desirable for sanitary reasons. Dr. Dansey, the city health ollicer, and Dr. Gox who both visited tho placo, loudly condemn its unhealthy condition ; in fact, Dr. Cox refused to remain in the rooms, rikI Dr. Dansey de clares that those occupying tlioui will lie subject to pulmonary and rheumatic com plaints. Furthermore, itis alleged that tho Minis ter for Mines and tho Engineor-in-Cluef have refused to occupy the rooiU3 allotted to them. They aro right in their objection, because, although it is sweet to die for one's country, rheumatism nnd consumption nrc not essential to patriotism. Onr article of yesterday says 111(11 IHU UUlIipililtUlUllQ M'UUvWVCU WJWI UJu b.MICli science of civil engineering have to bo made nn-.id the wailing of tbo violin and tho blast of the big drum, the room devoted to its votaries being contiguous to that iu which concerts and mueiuul practises tako placo. If the Garden Palace is to be the homo of tho muses and some public departments, as already stated, tho uuiscs must contrive to lie out when their fellow-lodgers aro in nnd nt work. The hours after 4 p.m. on week days, nnd after 1 p.m. on Saturdays, allow ample timo to cultivate tho graces, so it would bo no lutrdship to require the vocalists and tho sounding cymbnls, tho violins and tho big drums, to bottle np their ardour till the periods named. The conclusion arrived at in tho police prose cution against West for permitting tho sale of liquor in his licensed hotiso on a Sunday is an eminently unsatisfactory one. Air. Dillon said thero had been gross porjury on ono side or the other. Tho police rest partly under this impu tation. If West really was tho innocent man that tho rcspectablo evidence subpienaed by tho police, but called by Mr. Carrol), showed him to be, lie has been mulcted more heavily than if lie bad pleaded guilty and bpen fined in tho ordinary manner. But tho public is left with tho unhappy reflection that somo of tho supposed representatives of law and order may bo men who ought to bo serving their sentences at Darlinghurst. Tho police swore distinctly that they saw lUddell leaving West's house with a pitcher, tho contents of which proved, upon investigation, to be beer. West nnd his wifo, Biddell, and Mr. nnd Mrs. Sengravo gave evi dence which must havo inevitably lod to a dis missal of tlio , case, unless it could bo controverted. Mr. and Mrs. Seagravo wero witnesses, subpienaed by the police, but unwil lingly called .by Mr. Carroll for tlio dofene'e. Tho bad features in connection with this case appear to bo many. It is well known and admitted that tbo police openly winked nt infractions of tho old Act. Why, then, this zeal to obtain convictions under the new one by prosocutions resting upon such evidence as this? Wo can understand Inspectof M'Kny protesting against the conclu sion arrived at by : tho Bench, and Con stable Houghton remarking tlmt a slur was cast on tno wnoio or tno.iorce. itut tiiero will bo slurs cast upon it so long as such eases as that of West, and sovcrnl others that have been beforo the Courts lately, are got up by the police. They aro responsible, to a very large extent, 'for such slurs. The feeling in tho public mind, notwithstanding tho numorous convictions they havo obtained, and the slender ovidcnce upon which they have relied, is that even now thorc are numbers of bouses in tbo city in which the Sunday trade is carried on with very little more caution than it was six months ago. If this bo so, theso unduly severe or questionable prosecutions aro only a blind. There is the appearance without the reality of great strictness. On the other hand, thero are houses tho doors of which seein to ho hermetically sealed on Sundays, und against the owners of these no police- man in his senses would think of laying an information. These aro the houses of tho superior class of hotel-keepers. There may lie two opinions about tlio Licensing Act, but there can be but ono that, while it is law, it should he carried out to the very lotter. Tliis is decidedly tlio view that the owners ot tlio best bouses in tlio city take, and it is tho right one. The plot thickens in Egypt, where matters aro beginning to look very serious indeed. According -to our cable" messages, tlio land of the Pharoahs is in a state of anarchy, nnd a feeling of alarm per vades the populnce. Tho Khedive haB reinstated Arabi Pasha as Ministor of War, and his High- ness's submission to the military is considered likely to create fresh difficulties. The Sultan of Turkey will, it is rumoured, send h Commission to Egypt ; but the opinion is freely uxprossed that tho Porte merely feignB a desire to assist the Jvhcdive in the present emergency, and is, in fact, supporting the militnry party in Egypt. Tho -K.M.S. City of -Sydney, with the English mails, via San Francisco, arrived at Auckland, at 7.30 p.m. yesterday. She will probably reach Sydney on Saturday next. i Mr. Thomas Walker, of Yaralla, Concord, has given another proof of his nnostontatious liberality, having, it has just transpired, placed some timo ago this sum of £10,000 in the hands of Mr.i Thoa, Huckhind and Mr. bhephord Smith, for distribu tion amongst tho charitable institutions of Sydney and elsewhere, on the eve of ins departure from the colony. In ft letter io those gentlemen Mr. Walker stfttcs— " On tho eve of saying, form Bhort timo only I hope, good- bye to the colony iu which I have So long, been a resident, my object being to regain good health, impaired by the incessant overwork to which I have of late been subjected, I - desire to show my sympathy with those of my less fortunate fellow-colonists, young nnd old, who are afflicted in divers ways by tbc ills and evils that beset civilised humanity, by distributing a sum of money among those institutions established among us, with a view to care for and relieve such suf ferers. I most willingly would havo personally made the distribution, but requisite preparations for my departure have so entirely engrossed my time that I have not been able to find space in which I could accomplish the pleasing though somewhat onerons task." Following is tbc allotment that hns been made, and the list of appropriations, together with cheques for the amounts, have been forwarded to the treasurers of the respective institutions men tioned : — Asylum, £300; Charity Organisation Society, £200 ; City Night Refuge and Soup Kitchen, £SOO ; Discharged Prisoners' Aid Society, £200; Destitute Children's Asylum, £800; Female Mission Home, £100 ; Hospital, Batburat, £500 ; Hospital for Sick Children, £800 ; Home Visiting Belief Society, £200 ; Institution for the Deaf and Dumb and the Blind, £800 ; Industrial Blind ABylura, £800 ; Infant's Home, £800 ; Oberiin Friendly Aid Institute, £100 ; Sailors' Home, £200 ; Shipwreck Relief Society, £400 ; Sydney Female Refuge, £800 ; Sydney Infirmary, £300 ; Sydney Ragged Schools, £800 ; St, Vin cent's Hospital, £800-, Sydney Night Refuge, £300 ; making 20 charities in all, among which the £10,000 is divided. The recep tion of such munificent gifts was a pleasing sur prise to the treasurers of tbc different institutions, the fact of such a magnificent donation having been made not being known. Wc understand that an effort will be made to formally open the Model Lodging-house in Kent- street on the 18th of June, which is the anniver sary of the battle of Waterloo. It was the wish of Mr. Rurton Bradley, bon. secretary to tho company, that the honour should devolve upon other heads and hands, but the directors — recognising the to them well-known iact that but for his unwearying labours in the cause of sanitary improvements, and the consequent' social and moral elevation of the people, its foundation-stone would not have been laid — have resolved to ask him to preside on the occasion. An interesting case was heard before Mr. Justice Faucett nnd a jury of four in the Banco Court yes terday. Mr. Paling sued the Government, in the person of tho Minister for Education, for compen sation for certain land resumed at Stanmore for public school purposes. Mr. Paling claimed £3,5U0, while the Government valuator assessed the property at at £1,310. Expert witnesses for the plaintiff estimated the value at from £2,780 to £3,100. nnd those for the defence at from £1,710 to £2,354. The jury gave a verdict for £2,301, or £3S8 above the assessment of the Government valuator. Tbe Marino Board yesterday called upon John Dalton, the master of tho wrecked steamer St. Albans, to show cause why his certificate should not lie cancelled or suspended for having caused , the loss of that vessel. No additional evidence , wns given, and the Board decided to Buspcnd his , certificate for three calendar months. Tho case of . Captain Amora, the master of the wrecked collier ; Llewellyn, was postponed till next Monday with- out any evidence being taken. ' Some extensive improvements aro being made ; at the Parliamentary buildings for the comfort and convenience of tho members and other persons actively engaged there when Parliament is in session. Additional accommodation is being afforded in several parts ot the chambers, the internal appearance of which will be considerably beautified by the use of the decorative art. The approaches to the Chambers have been asphalted, a work that has added to their neatness, if not to their grandeur. A few improvements of a very : inexpensive kind might, with ndvanlagc, be made in the rooms set apart for tho Press. Closet theorists on political economy and social < reform might receive some useful bints, and would i undoubtedly have their views expanded materially by an occasional visit to one or other ot the city Police Courts of Sydney. For a young country we show n tolerably voluminous crime record, and tho past fortnight hns been well up to tho standard. 1 Yesterday's charge list at the Central was in itsulf I a study, Ono man appenred in answer to a charge | of grievously assaulting another in a street row on the Sabbath, that other lying at the Hospital in a | condition approaching death's door ; curtnin raid- j day thieves were summarily dealt with ; a long j list of inebriates were paoked off to gaol to recover I from their vulgar debauchery ; a little girl, 7 years ! of nge, neglected by her parents, wns brought up j by a distant relative so that she might he kept by | the State ; a highly rcspcctablc-looking young 1 woman brought her husband to Court for | tnreatemng to " do tor ucr witn an axe, and they had only been three months ' joined in the bonds of " holy" matrimony ; , and passing over many other varieties of offenders, the last on the list was n man who had beaten bis wife's face to snch an extent that there was not a white spot from tho neck upward — it was ono mass of black and blue bruises. In reference to this last case, it may be mentioned that the defen dant, who bad been previously bound over to keep tbc peace towards his wife, received two months' imprisonment. Two reckless vagabonds, for " lifting," as they call it, some tools, were sent to gaol for six months. A conference in connection with the Church of England Sunday School Institute, was held at ihe Church Society's House, Pbillip- Btrect, last night. The chair wns occupied by tho Vicar-General tho Very Rev. Dean Cowpor, and thero wns n large attendance of lay members and teachers, including the Yen. Archdeacon King, the Revs. Canon Stephen, R. 8. Willis, M.A. ; J. Barnier, A. Cor- lette, R. R, King, S. S. Tovey, E. Sturdee, J. W. Debanbam, E. (1. Hodgson, Dr. Corlettc, Messrs. A, Richardson, J. Clarke, and Dr. Beatty. A short introductory address wns delivered by the chairman, after which two papers were read, the first on "The Management of n Class, by Mr, A, Richardson, and the second by tbe ltev. B. S. Willis, M.A., on " Children's Services." Roth papers proved exceedingly interesting, nnd were each followed with a discussion, in which several of tbo clergy and lay members took part. The proceedings terminated shortly before 10 o'clock. The Bartlemy Fair is bBving a very good run, considering tho number of attractions, in the . the shape of really high-class nmuscmcnts, nt present existing iu Sydney — amusements suited to every taste. Tho fair, however, presents in itself a combination of attractions, and were it nearer the heart oi tho city there can be little doubt that it would command a still larger shaie of public patronage. Richardson's show still continues its dramatic career— the olash of eabrea may be heard within it at intervals daring tho day, and lovely maidens are constantly being carried off by nmazoDB and brignndslike Bngandini the Ruthless, or the Bounding Brigand of the Prairie Wild, and as constantly being rescued by faithful swains, who perform startling deedB of valour under im possible circumstances. Mr. Vincent Crummies never gave more fighting for tbo money than does Itichnidson'b show at Bartlemy Fair. Then thero is the nigger performance, tbo acrobatic evolu tions, Punch and Judy, and a host of other attrac tions. And tho show is " still going on.!' The balance-sheet of tho lato Fayre of ye Olden TrrW A n i- Cti \f n M«»in rinii-A-laMl ..k » . « ll. a L tL _ uu uvi iuaijr d wubuuuiui) buuwo tunt luU gross receipts amounted to the Bum of £77G7 19s Id ; the expenditure was £2015 lis 2d, leaving the net balance of £5752 4s lid to tbe cathedral building fund. A few days before the fayre closed it was announced in this journal that the net takings would amount to nearly £GOOO. At St. Andrew's Onthedral during last week the UBual daily morning services were performed. There was also a service on Wednesday evening, when the Rev. Mr. Stnrdce preached. Sunday being Whit Sunday, in the morning tho Rev. Dr. Ellis preached, St. John, 14th chapter, 2Gth verse : "But the Comforter, which is the Holy Ghost." In tho afternoon the Dean of Sydney preached from tho text (2nd Corinthians) " How shall not tho ministration of tho spirit be rather more glorious." Tho nnthem, beautifully rendered, was " Come, Holy Spirit Come." Iu the evening the Dean of Sydney preached with great power from Ezokiel, Il7th chapter, 9th and 10th verses — " Then Baid he unto me, prophecy unto the wind, prophecy, son of mnn, nnd say to the wind, thus snith tbe Lord God, c ome from tbo four winds, O breath, and breathe upon these slain, that they may live. So I prophesied 'as He com manded mo, and tho breath came into them, and they lived, and stood up upon their feet, an ex ceeding great army." The psalms were 104, 115 (Mercer) j the Magnificat Nunc Dimittis (Prout), in F ; and the anthem, Attwood'a " Come Holy Ghost " (solo, quartetto, and chorus). The Volun tary was No. 253. The Holy Communion was celebrated, at which many eommunbunts presented themselves. Tho Very Rev. the Dean of Sydney, and the Rev. Dr. Ellis, assisted by. tho Rev. Mr. Sturdee, were the celebrants. Being the fourth Sunday in tho month a late cele bration of the Lord's Suppor was also held at 9, Largo congregations attended the successive ser vices through tho day, and the offertories were handsome, At a large and infinential meeting of the share holders in the North Shore Mutual Building and Land Investment Association, Limited, held nt tho School of Arts, St. Leonards, on tho 26th instant, the | artioles of association wero adopted . The company was declared formed, to bu registered under tho Companies Limited Liability Act. The directors Appointed are Messrs. M. W. S. Olarko (cbnirmnn), Daniel Wilson, It. W. Ward, William 'l'unks, M. M'Mahon, T, Walters, R. Selden, and B. O. Holterman. Tho manager is Mr, S. B, Bailey. , Tho twelfth annual meeting of tho Chippendale \Vc6leyan l'cnny Savings Bank wns! held on tho 29th instant, when tho report for tbc year ending 31st March, 1882, waB adopted. It showed that during the year 831 persons have become deposi- tors-, and .004 accounts have been closed ; £Uin 14s 8d has' been deposited in 11, 24S deposits" ails £1249 9s 7d (including interest) has been repaid in 100G repayments, leaving 1555 open account, representing £1092 1b lid. The business of tfe bank has continued to increase during the year there being now 208 more open accounts than St' year, with an increase in the amount at tW credit of £170 3s Gd. Interest is allowed at the same rate as allowed by tbe Savings Bank to th" directors. The following gentlemen were an" pointed to the various offices for the current vea, - —Directors: Mr. W. T. Poole, M.P.. chairman - Messrs. D, Evans, J. S. Hntbnsnce, B. Connor j' Pethcbridge, E. Gosnell, W. Draco, James C. Air' F. J. Thomas, A. Kelynack, W. Dorman. T. DaV a' F. Hollis, H. M. Walker, F. Pet ten gel I, J. Djaj g j' Holloway ; treasurer, Mr. J. S. Hulbnance- secrt tary, Mr. S. J. Holloway ; trustees, Messrs. D. Evan- and B.Connor; auditors, Messrs. E, Pethrhri-w! and R. D. Sippe. With reference to the fire which occurred on Sunday morning upon the premises of Mrs, Barter grocer, Churcb-strect, Parramatta, our correjoon dent telegraphs that an inquest was held yesfir' day, when three witnesses were examined, "a verdict was returned to the effect that there' nothing to show how the fire originated. The occurrence was reported in our issue of yesterday A fatal accident occurred in Crown-street yes. terday afternoon at 5 o'clock. A spring cart' driven by a young man named Sainty, in comDanv with his little brother, Charles SBinty, came into collision with a dray carrying bricks. The cart was thrown completely over, the child falling underneath. Assistance was nt once forthcoming and tbe unfortunate child extricated, but he ex' pircd almost immediately. The parents of th deceased live in Crown-street, An inquest will b» held to-day. A contemporary in his yesterday's issue, under the heading " Deaths," has a detailed notice of a marriage. Errors will occur in the best regulated newspaper establishments, bnt this one mustbe peculiarly vexations to the persons concerned." A man named George Brown, under the in fluence of drink, ran a muck in n public-hou=e ou Saturday— assaulted the landlord, carried off liquor, broke the windows of the house, ar.d mad , ihings generally as animated as a " hull in a china j shop." At the Central yesterdny ho was called 1 upon to answer a long list of charges, and not being able to answer any of them eatisroctorilv h wns sentenced altogether to 36 days' impr'isom ment. ' Another case of cruelty to animals was heard at ! the Central Court yesterday. The horse was in a ; sorry plight. Unlf-starved, its bones sticking out i at every ancle (it waB an angular animal, in fact). | and " gone" at tlio knees, it looked only fit to be I shot, A fine of 10s and costs was imposed, Proc | information subsequently brought to Court, it ap peared tlint tbo horse had fallen down in the road j at an earlier period of tho day, nnd a boy who was I driving it at the time was thrown out and broke b bis arm. r luvuiuui;; uuuu uj. v>u\j uuuiiuy v. i»3 DvOtlgOt to | light at the Central Police Court yesterday, when - a man named William Morris appeared iu thedock ; to answer n charge of assaulting bis wife. The j unfortunate woman bore fearful evidence oi the ' illusuge to which she had been subjected. Her I fnce was a mass of bruises, and she jn. i formed the Court that her body was simi- i larly marked, the defendant having knocked iier down and kicked ber repeatuily. Ser jeant Hycm explained that the defendant war already bound over in his own recognisances to keep the peace towards his wife. The only attempt at a defence which thu inhuman auiban't offered was that he had "drunk a battle ot brandy," The Bench refused the option of a fine, and sentenced prisoner to two months' imprison: menl. " I wns drunk, your Worship : that's all cm say," was the plea of an agreeably disposed father nt Ihe Central Court yesterdy, in reply to a charge of breaking his child's arm. The complainant, a little fellow, who didn't nppear to be over well fed, had bis arm in a sling, and was a pitiable cbject, Fine £5, or two months' gaol. A man named Robert D. 1). Jervois was charge! , nt the Central Police Court yesterdny with cutting and wounding John Burns, It appeared that the j parties were lodgers together in the Palace Dining j RoomB, Wharf-street. At nbnnt half-past 12 o'clock 1 on Kundny morning prosecutor went into prisoner's ' bedroem to get n light. He stopped there some 1 little time talking, and prisoner began to chaff ,! him. High words ensued, and prisoner took up k one of the chamber utensils and struck prosecutor j! with it, inflicting three wounds on the head and face. Doctor Clay worth, who attended the injured j man, snid that the wound on the forehead was ot ? n dangerous character. The prisoner was com- >, mittcd to take his trial at the next Court of i yuuuvi kJVCDIUUSt A strapping young fellow appeared before Mr. \ Dillon at tbo Central Police Court yesterday, charged with being an idle and disorderly person, | having no lawful visible means of support. He I waB in his shirt sleeves, and looked lit for any amount of work, but the arresting constable! deposed that he was quite the revcrsa of a useful j item in tho sooinl system of this city, inasmuch a3 j he employed his spare time — nnd lie had a great deal of -it — in " loafing " round street corners, and stopping out late at night. In fact, lie was never! known to work, so far as official information went, wherefore tho constnble who ran him in "bad cause to suspect, and did snspect," kc. The de fendant, however, bad a friend in court, a relation by marriage, who assured the Bench that te (defendant ) wns the very mischiof to work— when he bad any work |to do. The witness further stated his belief that defendnnt must have been nt tome kind of employment lately, because ha came home ono dny with his hands black. To this clinching argument witness added nnothcr in tbc defendant's favour that be had on divers occasions within recent history, carted around vegetables. Mr. Dillon admitted that the vegetable business waB work, nnd said he was disinclined to send any man to gaol who could show that he did anything in tho shape of honest labour. At the same time be bad no doubt that the police had good ground; for bringing tbo defendant to Court, and h9 advised him to go to work at once nnd get a living like a decent man. " Which I will," remarked the young man, as he departed through the door of the Conrt for the open air nnd liberty. | It may be remembered that a disgraceful fracas took place in Goulburn-strcct on Sanday, 21-t instant, in the course of which a man nnmed John Ilynds was seriously injured about tbe head. Adolphus Agilcs Dixon waB brought up at tho Central Police Court on tho day following, charged with indicting grievous bodily harm on Hynda, then in the hospital, nnd the prisoner was remanded for a week. On they case being called on ycater- dny, Constable M'Guirc informed tbe Bench that Hynds wns still unable to appear, erysipelas in tbe he'ad having set in, and tho case was farther adjourned for a week. This case now assumes s very serious aspect. Thomas Henderson and Henry Scott, empty- handed, were passing a bouse in cuurse of erection, Shortly afterwards they had a bag of tools. The owner wasn't looking. But a constable saw the appropriators shortly afterwards, and as Tom anu Harry have the misfortune to bo " well known to tho police," they were locked np bb " suspected persons," and subsequently the tools wero identified nnH rtlnimnH VSn tufn mpn wnrfi hrOUUht before a magistrate at the Central Police Court yesterday, and sentenced each to Bix months' imprisonment, j Being old hands, and consequently alivo to the fact! that they would have to remain in duranco vile q soma ' time beforo next Quarter Sesaions, .h-y j wisely elected to be summarily deaR wub, and | pleaded guilty, by which they probably s...cd a I month or two of gnol. ; On the chnrge-Bheet at the Central Pofico Cou.t j yesterday there were 35 cases of drunkenness. Uf , this number 32 were arrested before m.J...sbt on , Saturday ; so that only three persons »e.e ..pprc , hended for intoxication on Sunday. ; Not a few persons wont to the Cuut.al lol-ol Court yesterday to settle their little d-m — Cj difficulties. Among them was n young l..dy o.j " daBhing " appearance and a fair share of good J looks, who complained that her husband, b redencu j John Sinclair, had threatened to take her life with j an axe, nnd had actually molested her with M j hands. They had only been married tbreo months. | The defendant offered no denial, nor did ho setup! any ground of justification, but ascribed rns cob- i duct to " tbo controlling influence of drink, dws j would not go down with tha Bench, and defendant j was fined £3 nnd costs of court, besides the law-| yer's fee of one guinea. I At the Water Police Court, yesterday, Thoma:| Monks, cab proprietor, was charged on r!.n,?n| with refusing to pay for certain liquor supplied t | him in the Royal Family Hotel, St, LconaraSi-j Evidence was called to show that there had been -j mistake made with regard to the supply"1!? drinks, which, it waB alleged, had been called I by others in tbe bar at the time, and not by the defendant. Mr. Marsh said lie thought there hiu been somo misapprehension with regard to the sa. i of the drink, and dismissed tbo case, Lr, oooi- appeared for tho defence. At the Wntcr Police Court, yesterday rarn'n" a man well-known to tbe police, named "cor8 Neville, alias Woolpin, or Mench, was brought- before Mr. Mnrsh, S.M., and charged with stcahn? from the dwelling of Mr. Edward Fiteher, ISA Macqunrie-street, a black hand-bag, containing lndy'B gold wutch, a gold breast-pin, e gold Penc case, a black silk scarf, and a number ot pupf5' valued in all at £5 17s Gd, tbe property of Kllea Twine. Charlotte Hly, pawnbroker, of ho- j Bridge-street,, said that on the evening of tba . May tbo prisoner pawned tho gold watch with W for £1, and gave his name as Lewis. He saints wntch wns his own, but formerly belonged to w sister, who was dead. She (witness) no doubt as to tlio prisoner's idonW Ellen Twine, the prosecutrix, who was co at Mr. Fischer's, in Mnequnrie-strcet, said tboM was stolen lrom her bedroom, which was sitiM" in the back yard. She afterward saw the watch at the pawnbroker's shop. She had possessed it for more than three years, having purchased it in Christchurch, New Zealand. The prisoner, who only a few days ago was sentenced to a month's imprisonment for being found by night on the premises of Dr. Tarrant, in Macquarie-streot, made no statement, and was committed for trial. A girl named Margaret Parrelly, under 15 years of age, was brought np Ire fore Mr. Marsh, 9.M., at the Water Police Court yesterday, and charged with being found wandering about the streets. She was sent to the Industrial School. At the Water Police Court on Saturday, before Mr. Buchanan, 6.M., a blacksmith named John Bichnrdson was charged with assaulting Thomas Mnilarty, in company with another, and robbing him of about 10s. ' The case was remanded till Wednesday next. Henry Hoelscber (15) was charged with offending against decency in College- street, and was fined GOs., in default one month's gaol. James Thompson, alias Bruuskill, for being drunk and using obscene language in College- street was ordered to pay G5s., or to go to gaol for a month. The debate on the question as to the desir ableness of bringing the cloture into use in the House of Commons and other legis lative bodies was resumed at the meeting of the School of Arts Debating Club last night. Mr. Faiiland presided, and there was n numerous attendance. The leader of the club, Mr. Beaver, had moved a resolution condemning the adoption of the cloture, as tending to pu an end to freedom of speech and action in Parliament. The speakers against the motion last night were Me33rs. R. J. Griffiths, H. I,. Thompson, J. R. Jackson, and S. A. Li ml em an ; those in its favour being Messrs. J. Hodgson, K. .1. Gandon, J. M'Donnellan, M. S. Poky, and E, B. Taylor. After a brief reply from Mr. Beaver, the question was put and the motion rejected, 52 voting for it and 02 against. Mr. Angelo Smith, at the request of the chairman, then undertook to form u new responsible committee. The next question for debate is that of Free-trade v. Protection. A fire broke out in the dwelling-house of Mr, J. Murphy, South-street, l'addiuglon, Bushcutter Bay, at about 5 o'clock yesterday morning. The fire occurred in a room occupied by a siek child, in which a temporary fireplace, in the shape of a tin plate, had hcen made, there beiug no grate, and the tin becoming heated set fire to the floor. .Mr. Murphy wasnwakened by the smoke, nnd roused the household, carry ing out the sick child and two others, Mre.Murphy following. The house and furniture were cotnDletely destroyed, and it was as much as the entire family could do to manage to escape. The Insurance Brigade was quickly on the spot, also the Puddington men, and their united efforts put out the fire, but not, as stated, until the building and contents were destroyed, the fire having ob tained a firm bold. The house (.owned by Mr. Lloyd) was insured in the Victorian office for £150, but the furniture wns uninsured, and Mr. Murphy will be n great loser. The distressed family found shelter for the night with some neighbours. Sir Bryan O'Loghlen moved in the Victorian Assembly on Thursday (says the Age') " That Mr. Speaker be requested to acquaint Mr. John Barker that this House desires to express its high sense of the mauner in which lie uniformly discharged the duties of his important office of Clerk of the Legislative Assembly during his long attendance in tbe services of this House." The Premier warmly eulogised the distinguished services ren dered to the Assembly by Mr. Barker. His knowledge of Parliamentary law and his ability had always been placed at the disposal of every Government with impartiality and integrity thai weie above question. Mr. Berry, Mr. Ker- fcrd, Mr Gillies, Sir John O'dhanassy, Mr. Woods, ami Mr. Zox joined with the Premier in expressing their appreciation of the services rendered to the Assembly by Mr. Baiker, and the vote was carried unanimously. In seconding tbe resolution, how ever, Mr. Berry expressed a doubt as to whether there v.-ns any precedent for the proposed course. If this precedent were once established he did not know where it was to stop. The Speaker said there were precedents for the proposed action in IJie House of Commons. On this announcement ueing made, Mr, Berry said lie had no hesitation in cordially seconding and supporting the motion. An outrage of a disgraceful kind was perpetrated on Saturday evening near the railway bridge by the Brisbane gaol, says the local Telegraph. Six gentlemen, who had been attending the usual weekly meeting of the .Scandinavian Association at Tauersall s Hotel, Adelaide-street, were returning borne, nnd had reached the placo referred to above, when two of their number were accosted by a couple of roughs, who endeavoured to trip them up. On one of the roughs receiving a push, 20 or .:0 more larrikins appeared on the scene and brutally treated tlio party of gentlemen. Mr. Trues, the secretary of the Scandinavian Associa tion. received such severe injuries that he has been laid up ever since. The Governor of South Australia lost his insignia of Iv.G.C.M.G. nt the levee, at Adelnidc, on the Queen s Birthday. Large reward offered for recovery. The sentence of death passed on the Bundaberg (Q) murderer, Kanaka Jimmy, has been confirmed, and he will be executed on Monday next. Maccabe is drawing the largest audiences ever known to assemble at Newcastle. 9n Wed nesday lost, George M'Quillan, aged 112, died at the Liverpool Asylum. Ho was an old soldier of the Peninsular War, served nmier the Iron Duke, and hnd outlived three Sovereigns of England, dying on tho G3rd birthday of a fourth. The following is tho report of the Sydney Hospital for tlie.week ended 27 tli May, 1882: — Admitted: 11 males. 10 females ; total, 51. Discharged : 37 males, 8 females ; total, -15. Died : -1 males, 3 females ; total, 7. Remaining : 180 males, 83 females ; total, 223. 