Death of Henry Kendall All lovers of literature, more especially in the realms of poetry, will regret to hear of the death of the well known Australian poet, Mr Henry Clarence Kendall, who expired last evening at the residence of his brother-in-law. Mr. Fagan, Bourke-street, Surry Hills — the cause of death being consumption. Mr Kendall had long been ailing, and it was seen by his friends for some time past that he was gradually sinking, and must soon seek final rest in that undis covered bourne from whence no traveller returns. For years past his name has been associated with the foremost men of letters in Australia, standing at the very head of those whose particular inclination led them to the cultivation of the art of poetry. Mr. Kendall was undoubtedly the poet laureate of Australia, and his early decease at the age of 40, leaves a void which will be very hard indeed to fill. Like many other men of genius (among whom may be mentioned the great Deniehy, with whom he can be fairly associated in the field of poetry and litera ture, being at the head of one as Deniehy was of the other), he was a man of singular impressions and temperament, and like him found the world was not always too kind to him. This led him into a vein of gloom which was unfortunately accompanied with, that reckless disregard for his health which no doubt had in the long run much to do with the undermining of his constitution. A twin brother (the other having died some years ago), he was born at Ulladulla, New South Wales, in 1842, and received a private education during the earlier years of his life. When only 18 years of age, he commenced his career a a writer for the Press, contributing to the columns of the 'Empire' and the " Herald" for about 10 years. In 1862, he published his first complete work "Poems and Songs" but he evidently thought little of it, as he suppressed it three years later, considering it was altogether too crude to make him any reputation. During the time mentioned, he also supplied the Town and Country Journal with many contributions, both in poetry and prose, as well as writing for the "Freeman's Journal" and the "Sydney Punch." In 1863, he obtained an appointment in the Lands Department, and was afterwards transferred to the Colonial Secre- tary's office, where he remained until 1869. But the trammels of the desk were too irksome to him,, and he threw up the appointment, and proceeded to Melbourne, where he became a con tributor to the "Australasian" and other leading journals, including the "Argus," the 'Telegraph," "Punch," the "Colonial Monthly," and "Humbug and Touchstone." Among other good work done in Melbourne was a prize poem on an Australian sub- ject. He entered eagerly into the competition and won the prize, his poem being considered by the judges appointed far and away the best. Later on, in conjunction with Charles Edward Horsley, he composed the cantata for the opening of the Mel bourne Town Hall. From adverse circumstances, against which he had to contend alone, this period of his life, in which his one weakness came to the front, to the injury of his health and strength, he quitted Melbourne and returned to this colony, and went almost immediately to Brisbane Water, where he was employed until last year, when he was appointed inspector of forests, a situation which it was generally thought he would be able to fill with efficiency, his well-known love of the woods, forests, and silent places, in which he had for years been wont to commune with nature, and in which he had gained much practical experience, having thoroughly qualified him for the proper carrying out of the duties attached to the office. His health, however, was undermined and a few weeks ago it broke down com pletely. He lingered on until last evening, when he died as above. That Mr. Kendall was a true poet no one can deny. His verses had the golden ring and the bright imagery so essential to the completeness of this class of lite- rature. A lover of his native land, with perhaps one exception (Adam Lindsay Gordon), there is no writer whose works have treated so much of life relating to this land. Living often apart in the depths of the forests in his lone Australian home, he was conver- sant, it need scarcely be said, with the works of all the English bards, and from them he accepted nothing. His style was purely his own. There was a glow, a colour, and a richness about his works that have never been surpassed by any poet in any country, or at any time ; and Kendall's early death is a loss to the world of Australia which all must deeply deplore. His bright genius thus early nipped in the bud shows another example of misdirected character. His power increased with every work he published, and but for the destroying influence by which he was enveloped he would have doubtless risen to fame as one of the greatest of living poets. His "Songs from the Mountains" was a noble work, and it would doubtless have been surpassed but for the reasons mentioned. His second work "Leaves from Australian Forests " was a great improvement on his first, and each succeeding book contained beauties still more rare. Not only has his poetry received the highest commendation in his country, but English literary journals of the highest class have noticed it with great favour. The "London Athenaeum"' spoke of his poems at length and in the most glowing terms. Two of his poems — "The Song of the Cattle Hunters,'' and "The Ghost Glen" — were published in extenso and the critic said : — If Mr. Kendall continues to exert his faculty as success fully as he has done in these two pieces, England as well as Australia will gladly recognise his place as a singer. He has both disadvantages and advantages in his distant sphere, but the latter preponderate. He occupies virgin soil, stands in the midst of a society whose characteristics have never yet been mirrored in song; while English writers are throwing up their pens yearly because they can assimilate nothing new. Let him seek in the great life around him those human forms of humour, pathos, and beauty which, touched by the gifted hand, cannot fail to win the heart of the public; and let him use his local colouring, a precious treasure to illustrate truths which are universal. It is impossible, of course, to say how he will succeed in the profounder labour of dramatic insight, such faculty as he shows in the poem before us being dis tinctively a lyrical faculty ; but that he has gifts there can be no question ; and his communication to us is so modest and so sensible that we are assured he will put these gifts to the best use, leave his imitative efforts behind, and strike out in the path which he is most suited to explore. Mr. W. B. Dalley, in writing of Mr. Kendall's last work, fully endorses this opinion, and speaks most highly of the creation of that brain which, now lies still in death. The work of his later years shows traces of the sorrows of his life and is tinged with the gloom which was in part the nature of the man ; while a part was doubtless brought about by his own weakness of character. It was only in the dedication to his last collection of poems that he wrote the fol lowing words, which are the closing cries of a life that seemed ready to give up its struggle with the world and its own inherent gloom: "These are the broken words Of blind occasions when the world has come Between me and my dream. No song is here Of mighty compass ; for my singing robes I've worn in stolen moments. All my days Have been the days of a laborious life ; And ever on my struggling soul has burned The fierce heat of this hurried sphere." 