A Glanoeat the Early Days of Total Abstinence in [London. By tho Kov. W. R. VANBEltElSTB of Sydney. FORTr-SIX YEA.US AGO. . I was then Y1835) in my teens. Total abstience ndvo'oaicy. in London, the metropolis of t lfe*:Bri(ish Empire, was a very very small affair at that date. It was only like a gossamer in tho London air. Those werjs 'the /days— certainly not tho palmy day sj;ft-- it never' had any palmy days i — of ftiie 'old dnbmalons Temperance Societj'. I was a thorough bred Cockney, a, Clerkeriwelle'r, and well' do I remember tho meetings of that Society,1 It wns-Tirjni'ly all the temper-, once light London bail ? then. It was only a farthinir i-iislt light, and burnt in 1 a very one-sided way, But still it was I hotter than no light ar..al|. .It exposed j tlio evils of ardent: spirits, but left alcohol unmolested in the wiui-s and beers. The pledgo merely required abstinonce from distilled spirits, except for medical purposes. Wines, if you could afford thorn, and boors remained quite nt your service. To say the best of it you could it was a '?' ono law for tho rich, and another law for tho poor,' affair, aud that is not God's way, so sooner or later it. must como to' an end, Our crucified Saviour said: ' Every plant which my heavenly Father hath not planted, shall bo rooted up.' — (Matt, xvi.) Smart rubs tho old Temperance Socioty get before it ga'o up the ghost ; rubs which made Vicars, Rectors, and Presidents of Conferences, nnd Chair men of Congregational Unions, and others, twist about whilst they occupied the chair, as if they were sitting on anything- but air cushions. . I can fancy it. all u .w before mine eyes, some one of tho unwashed, perhaps a drunken sweep, would get up, and ' beg to ax a ques tion,' leave would bo given, in- a very condescending-, patronising-, paternal, wav. It turned out to bo a verv pertinent question, a re&t; awkward question, a vcxatn qiiostio ?.-?'? . '? Why,'., it was nsked, ' should you gents have your wine, and us poor coves not havo a taste of giu?' sometimes there would be a little fencing, but more frequently utter ombarrnssment.followed, and to end: the dilemma, the chair man would givo out. tho doxplogy,' pro- nounce the benediction, and closo the meeting'. . . . TtLEY WERE GOOD .MEM— NO ' ROWS.' But I will, remember that these dear good men who were trying to exhibit some iittlo temperance light, and most of whom have now reached a better world, wero very forbearing, to such interruptions, and] I can vividly fancy thut 1 can\sce them now, craning their necks over tho platforms, and looking as benevolently ' as . possible, whilst some enlightened costqruioiiger or dustman, or other member ': of the ' very small advocating bund; of teetotallers, was illiug tho place with a most stentorian voice, and giving no quarter to 'Whisky, ale, or cider.'' Aly-ilear friends seemed as if they felt there was ' Some thin:,' rotten in the state of Denmark.' That they had but. a po'or cause, and a by no moans consistent one withal, and those feelings which J presume to havo been theirs, were just about the truth. I am sorry, to .suy that I had attained to no 'fixed tcmpc'i'anco principles then. My chief principles,'', were 'those of fun and frolic, and I attended such meet ings for am iiiiemcnt, mixed however with a largo desirb for ?information, and I am very much afraid, sometimes, in tho hone that tbero might bo a . ' row.' But tlieio . were, few, if any ' rows,' Satan did not appear to care to stir up his agonts 'against,-. the Old Temperance Society, and deferred passing the Rubi con with his hosts, -until total. abstinence advocacy took the placo'of this Temper ance Society,-' which it soon did. Thon, if I ani to use thqir. .vulgar term once again, there. wore 'ft rows' io all direc tiotis. Drinkdom awoke to its danger. 