rial Alive. JOSH. PlCKEESGILL. the summer of 1803, some of my readers may probably remember with what terrible fatality the month of March ended, the fell diseases colonial fever and dysentery slaying fhe young, the middle-aged, and the oldcoloniat with terribly unerring aim. With others, careless of diet or sickening heat, I had vainly endeavored to ward oft' repeated attacks of the prevalent fever, lingering on in tbo nope of a trip across the straitB, or to the more Eeductive station on the Murray plains; plying, like Hamlet's father, an afternoon's custom, mine bong the homely shandygaff, or the more popular No. 2 Moselle with its soda adjunct, of course medicinally. It requires no strong mental effort to guess the end of tho then popular delusion of defying medical aid, for the more entrancing mundame stimu lants mentioned above. Enough to know that I settled down within seven days to (ho common custom of being found in bed in high fever, with a medico on one side and a small host of sympathisers on the other. Those to whom the fever colonial is a strauger can little reck of the parched throat, the swollen tongue, the sickening nausea, and singular nerve depression awaiting, turn and turn alike, upon every stage of this essentially and purely Australian malady. 1 have in my time Buffered as a watcher over many a death-bed scene, and the reader will bear mo out in the assertion that the most trying and touching situations, to which all humans are liable to of this sadden '% ing nature, are to be met with when the vital spark is flickering out slowly to an intense conciousness lingering to the last with the resigned sufferer. ] With the knowledge of expiring hope, '? imparted is sorrowful kindness from j medical or non-scientific attendant, and! vividly apparent in the tearful glances of relatives or tried comrades around one's death-bed, I found a lullaby sympathy whose effect seemed weird like to console and sooth me. The whisperings of tired watchers in the passages leading to the sick chamber, the ominou? oeasing of stimulants, the double relays of higher pillows, and the efforts of changers of watches to steal silently at tne closing of the wearied eyelids from the bedside, were to me significant enough of the "finale." Three friends, old chums o'er many a festivo wassail, and their sighs, attuned in sorrow, seemed to rise and fall in unison as they bent their sympathising looks through the dim lamplight which fell athwart my couch. And to me it seemed, as the light slowly and soothingly faded a| .cheering touch which Jack Gibson's j lmn/3 yielded in mine as blank dark ness closed in on me, and a strange sense of exquisite repose stole over my Soul, to which for days and nights my aching and reduced frame had been a stranger-I had crossed over the stream where suffering made way for exquisite rest-the stillness of my chamber, the lingering cadences of departing voices, the deep-drawn sigh and the awful stillness-a wave of foiling darkness descended in slow wreathings, and I slept, but only the wild strange sleep of a deep, deadly trance. « . . . # . * Stance mediums were uncommon in * those days, and, in fact, ate rare enough to-day, although in the years which have intervened since my death I have never lost an opportunity, as it offered, of comparing notes with one, like myself, who .had slept through a tranoe, and suffered; and I have in variably found a singular similarity in our compared experiences. In my own case [I well remember the long, long sleep of that marvellous repose which followed my apparent demise. The first sensations I experienced were of being tied down, and a strong desire to speak, although knowing well at the time that I could not move my tongue. I did not seem to feel disappointment, although I suffered a strange inward dread of noise. 1' seemed to woke from my sleep with the full knowledge that I was in a trance, and that if I kept quiet my faculties would be restored, sooner or later, through the refreshing repose I had enjoyed. I could trace most vividly every footstep, and knew its owner; I could distinctly understand every word spoken, knowing right well each familiar voice; and the dis tress which a sincere sob from an old servant near the bed created within | me seemed more than my inflamed,? unutterable thoughts could endure.! The greatest anxiety I felt rested in j my desire to look around me; if I could only see one friend's face, and so doing ensure his attention to! me, I felt that the trance would pass j away and that something would be done to save me. musing ou this inoreasinff misery, i and reflecting upon the extraordinary sensations which were crowding through my brain, I Huddenly felt |a hand pat my cheek, and I thought eurely 1 must hare started. The pat was continued, and, to my horror and dismay, I recognised tho voice of Gus Sleight, the Collins-Btreot dis penser of mourning coachcs and hearses. ' Poor Bob,' said the now familiar undertaker,' many a worse follow have I screwed up.' .Yes,' answered Harry Bowler, ' with all his faults-and he had lots -there's many a worse man living.' After recovering from Sleight's familiarity with Ins hand, I Ihougnl, -' True, Harry |Bowler, (roe; I had tnany faults; perhaps one of my worst being foal enough to endorse your bills oft enough.' Sleight, with out wishing, I imagined, to tickle me, felt mo across and lengthways, and pinched my noso. Why this was done I never knew, and lmvc often wondered whether all stiff noses are pinched by the cheerlcss undertaker. It seemed to mo strange that for weelcs I thought I lay listening for gome familiar voice, and listening in vain. After all, I had been left alone for only one night. Yet, the terrible stillness of that room thrilled me with horror, on thinking over this memor able career in my dcith for years afterwards. I had as yet barely contemplated for a moment my fear ful position ; yet it suddenly dawned across my fevered brain that there was an unusual stir of feet approach ing my room; slrauge voices, too one singularly harsh toned, after the soft whisperings I liad been accus tomed to for a fortnight. 'Catch a hold, Jim,' said the raven throated though fashionable mute, and I knew instantly my situation was becoming critical, for I was bumped, twisted, and banged down into my coffin with about as much ceremony as packing a ham in sawdust. ' S'elp ine never 1' answered his mate; 'Mowed if the covey aint looking better than when I seed him afore. They alius does, Jim, coves like him as was fond on a drop.' ' Was he. Bill ?' ' So I heard, Jim, from some of the swells below.' ' When do we fetchthe bloke 1' ' Well, a rummy time-late this afternoon,' answered the dulcot-toned first villain; and they walked-off. ##*.»* 'LOOIcb like old times, said my friend Harry Bowler, romoving a soft handkerchief which my landlady had placed across my face. ' Yes' answered a gay dog, jolly, irrepressible, and effervescent - one Dick Ellis-' poor old devil, he's out of one hot wind, unless he's struck a worse.' ' What d'ye say ?' said Bowler; 'do we put off the cards to-night? I'm out a hundred yet.' 'Put off, bo hanged!' answered Ellis. ' Old Bob would be just about in his best form-wouldn't you, old un 1' (slapping my} cheek)-' if he could roll in, and take a hand this hot night.' 'Yes,'replied Bowler,'he owes me a pony from the last go in.' 'That's as big a lie, Bowler "(I yearned to exclaim), 'as ever you told, seeing that in my pocket-pook, hanging over yonder in the old grey coat I've kept your I.O.U.'s for over three years, side by side with your N.S.F. cheques.' But, being unable to retort upon my cheerful chum's assertion, I just lay, and swore in wardly that, if ever I got a show out of this coQin, Master Bowler would havo cause for serious reflections given him. After a few uncomplimentary re marks from my Bporting friends, as to my general luck, though rolled over at last'el cetm, they left me, Bowler remarking, as a parting salute. ' Wo won't screw bim up till the last minute ; some of the boys would very likely want to see his old mug again.' This was kind of Bowler, I thought, anyhow ; and I ignored his dis honoured paper, becoming terribly anxious about the lant rites which awaited me within seven hours. I will not intrude the wretchedness of tliat day upon my reader, but lightly scan the leading events up to the cemetery. They behaved nobly, my fellow-lodgers. They sat around, during that long afternoon, dividing my clothes and ornamental memoran dums. Bowler seemed contented with the pocket-book, lie had noticed in one of the flap pockets, not one but several acceptance determinedly over due, upon whose faces the familiar name of Bowler appeared in undeni able characters. His clear eye had undoubtedly folleti upon these mystic words, 'liefer to' drawer,' and Bob referred the bills instantaneously to the acceptor's pocket-the pocket of Robert Bowler. Dick Ellis saw con siderable satisfaction in the residue of my estate lying around. He felt that the curator of intestate estates might be too busy to attend to my demise, and he kindly made a home for the effects of the deceased friend, without the interference of a Government official; and thus the day wore on. With that punctuality which is painfully apparent in the minds and manners of executioners, Mr. Sleight drove up, in all the cold-blooded, and to him beautiful, panoply of his office, bis classic brow slightly pursed with as mnch grief as he could afford for a one-coach show ; and the small gathering received his ministrations in befitting silence - a silence broken only by tho deep drawn sighs from the old servant alluded to in the early histoiy of my death, whose sincerity, clad in borrowed black, seemed sooth ing to one in the Btillncss of this never to-be- for-gotten afternoon. Sleight had evidently been re markably pushed for time all day. He consolingly told my chiof mourners what a busy season be was fretting over, and that he must make haste, having three more successes on for that afternoo^ I could bear the quiet grunt of contentment escape his lips as he " finished off," as ho called it, my little Jjob ; and with bis words which soeuird to sound my last knell of hope,' Yes, Mr. Bowler, I saw hiB old uncle, and ho goes into their family vault," I. fell into a deep, long, dreamy sleep, which ended in noma most singular . emprises ere daylight next morning. * * * # # When reason again returned, a most agouising feeling of bitter conscious ness, mingled with (car, coursed through my brain. Everything that hod jusso? floated rapidly through my mind, and I know almost inntnn taneously my position. With an effort which nearly (strangled' me, 1 turned on u>y sido and unloosed my arms. Placing my head against the lid, and the palms of both hands against the Bido of my coffin, Ibrouglit superhuman st rength to my aid, aud, as quick almost as the effort was made, the lid Hew oil', and one side of my gingerly deal board mansion croelced, with a noise whopo eclio froze my Tory soul with fear. I sat up but could not fec.l what I fain dreaded to touch-walls. 1 crept out of iny lightly strung-up tenement, nnd crawled along the damp llnor, passing two, cold, clammy coffins in my ramblings. Then, reaching a corner of the vault, I came upon loose earth, positively warm to the touch. Looking upwards, I distinctly saw pale moonlight through a small opening, and I stood up, slowly stand ing nearly upright. Sleight, being uncommonly busy, backed up as he was by many of the leading physicians, and a malignant, pestiferous fever, had banked up the entrance to my vault with loose shingles, intending, when his day's successful and grim pleasures wero over, to attend to my humble requirements early next day, and finish mo off neatly-a fact which he tells vitli unctuous glee to this day; and in less time than I have consumed in writing this half sheet, I stood outside the vault, froe and faint, with a thankful, heart-felt prayer 011 my lips, at my terriblo escape from liugering agonies. In screwing me hurriedly up, my ever dear friend had failed to notice that a thick screw had becomo embedded in the edge of my coffin, leaving me absolutely a quarter of an inch aperture at the head end of Sleight's handiwork; and no doubt, that tiny yet important opening saved my life. In those days few men took trouble, when dead, to observe trifles of this kind about their coffins ; yet I would always recommend, after my experiences in that line, the tenant to see that the Sleights of .to-day close up their contracts neatly, although I nm told my friend finishes now adays with excellent compactness, brought about by virtue of great com petition in his profession. It was an extraordinary adventure for one night, and it ended strangely. The moon, nearly at full, bIIOUO out with summer brilliancy; the night reposed in warm air; not a sound dis turbed the melancholy stillness of that sacred spot, until a clock bell began its solemn striking Carlton wards. I listened, but hoard only two beats ; then the terrifying silence reigned gloomily around again. I felt instinctively 1 had missed one or two beats; that, if I had missed two, it must be four o'clock ; or, upon closcr reflection, I thought, could I. have lost the early striking, and that the hour must be about midnight. Being at the end of summer, I thought four o'clock a.m. would bring flicker ings of light in the east; and L might liavo gone on wondering indefinitely bad not a slow footstep-singularly loud as it seemed in its effects upon mc-disturbed and alarmed me. I ducked behind the ornamental railing of my temporary lodgings, keeping my eyes upon the ehining form approach ing. I rubbod both eyes anew, ami trembled at tho flashing figure, whose very head Boomed to blaze, and I shivered as I crouched. On it came, with step slow and majeatic. It developed, at ten yards distance, into a six-foot policeman - a reflective, solemn-visagcd, oil- skinned, shiny crowned bobby, upon whose water proofs the moonlight danced in ghastly illuminations. My old larrikin Worldly ways came back upon me intuitively, and I thought,-" Bobby, my darling, I'll give you one fright in return, which will straighten our accounts, aud yield to your contem-! plative mind matter for discussion in your barracks to-morrow, dear ttobcrt.', hiding-place, as, gathering up my winding-sheet, I rose steadily, and, stretching slowly my arms to thoir full length, with averted face I waited the issue. £ shall never know how A224's features bore the trial; but this much I do know: the dignified sentiments of " Move on, now," were exchanged for one of the most un earthly yells conceivable; a voice, pitched wondrouBly high, exclaimed " Holy Mother! " with sundry hurried expressions in honeBt Irish accents ; and I don't think tho wildest hoodlum could have comfortably abreast my lived in the paces which over came the bobby', in the distance I could bear the iron gate bang to in the most determined manner; and if t'mt bobby be still outside that old cemetery -and I hope he may bo to read these lines-the hurried causes of his matu tinal race with a ghost will now dawn upon him. Suddenly from out "St. Mungo's tower " three o'clock pealed; and, elated with life, liberty, and the most exhilirating sight of a lifetime, I deter mined on an extraordinary event ere daylight once again broke upon my disturbed functions. I made up my mind to scale the cemetery wall, make down tho University garden, and dis turb the card-party of my particular friends, Bowler and Co., knowing that they were certain to play late through the hot- wind night. Folding my wind ing sboet closely, J gingerly traced my footsteps o'er the gravel crossings, climbed the old wooden fence which in those days pioneered the present handsome iron railing, and, keeping the University walls closo to my right, 1 reached my previous earthly lodgings coursed by about thirty of tho most vulgar specimens of the canine race dogs of nil eizeB and varieties or yell. In our right-of-way I was delighted to observe the light from our lodgings. It played upon the dry gutters from the little back sitting-room window, and I undid tho gate latch, and took a rest on the wood-pile-an effort which seemed necossary after the extraordin ary exploits of tho past few hours. I could hoar Harry Bowler cursing some body's luck in tones which undoubtedly botrayed, not only a bad run, but con siderable tumbler lifting. Harry was drunk. Vrank Gibson-as decent a fellow ns ever cut a deal-had evidently landed, not ouly Bowler, but | Dick lillis, the same homely Ellis upon i whoso person it would not have sur prised me to have observed my Sunday clothes. I laid my plans immediately, Boeing that in the eastern sky the grey blue of daylight seemed spreading; already the coeks wero vigorously using their lungs in loud defiance at one another all round, and sundry sniffing noses under tho old fence proved, that my canine accompanvists had run me in to their evident satisfaction. I ob served with particular fiendish delight that Harry Bowler's back rested against the passage watl, and facing the door which noon would swing to tho tutu of a living-dead man. Dick Ellis faced Bowler ; tho rest sat round, smoking like chimnies in a high wind ; and the pale, curling mist of tobacco- smoke which over-hung the table and furni ture like a shadowy pall suited the denouement gloriously. With a little music from tho Corsic.in Brothers given in, there was a fortune in this ttblmu.tr, if thrs principal performers could have been brought on at some decent theatre nightly. Taking a loose turn of my winding sheet across my bare arms left a considerable portion of my legs exposed-; but I new right well that the face would be tho peculiar attraction when I entered, which I did, still as death, ad canning just sufficiently to throw tlie one kerosrtie light swinging over the labia full upon my face. Bowler was in the act of passing overall I.O.U., when he met my steady solemn look earnestly and coldly scanning him. His hand stayed its course, grasping between thumb and finger the little white mem orandum of his indebtedness to tho pool, and dropped upon the table. For a second he shaded bis eyes with his disengaged right hand, a guttural sound escaped his lips, and, as lie pointed towards my figure, bis head went book, and Harry Bowler had swooned. Dick Ellis seized Bowler by tho shoulder, and shook hitn. Then it suddenly struck Ellis -'Why did Bow lor point towards the door? With a rapid movement Ellis stood up, leaving Howler's head swinging over the side of the chair, and ho looked carefully at mc, bravely and coolly. He then pulled Frank Gibson's arm, and silently pointed towards mo. Gibson turned ghastly palo in a few seconds, and the rest of tho gamblers stood to their chairs. 1 saw at a glanco I bad gone far enough. Drawing back a fow paces, I tried to speak, nnd with dif ficulty succeeded, seeing that I had been nearly siity hours tongue-tied, accosting Ellis jocosely with. '' Don't give way, Dick ; I'm all right; I'm not dead, old fellow. Must have been a trance !" Ami 1 remember a dismal mist, dark and thick, coming between us; but coming more. ##.*** Dick Ellis lold me afterwards that, as I mentioned the word trance, I fell forward, being caught by the tiro strangers. 1 slept for twenty-six hours, wandering, now raving, now imploring, in my sleep, as my male j attendants, told me-through church yard adventures, grim vaults, and smothering enemies. Poor Harry Bowler, through much tribulation and neat brandy, cauio back to reason just as the milkman pushed the can on the back window-sill: and as I slept on that eventful morning the renewed repose of my. earthly con nection anew, the boys sat on the chairs around, and in whisky and milk drank in silence, accompanied with befitting glances, to the strange re-ap pearance of their chuji, WIiobb adven tures were then not known to them, but whose welcome presenoe, although asleop in their midst, filled them with weird wonders nnd drlights. 