THE LANDLORD'S GHOST. A TRUE STORY. BY T. N. O'C. If I BBk you, readers, if you believed in hosts,probably seven-eighths of youwould nswer without hesitation that you did ot. Some of you would shake your heads olemnly, and, looking the very picture of wisdom, drop vague hints of having on a ertain occasion seen perhaps a goblin or heard a banshee's wail, whilst a few would stoutly deolare their entire belief in the supernatural and relate with apparent candour the mysterious ways in which they were made acquainted with the death of some dear friend or relative residing many thousand miles away. Now, is it not strange, if there be no such things as ghosts, that you find so many people who firmly believe in them, and so many others who, while they ridicule the existenoe of such things, would not, nevertheless, take worlds and sit for an hour on a tombstone in a lonely churchyard after midnight bells have struck f If you question the unbelievers on this apparent inconsistency,you will find them totally unable to account for it, or they may tell you that their nerves have been upset by the terrible ghoBt stories they have from time to time read of in the Christmas annuals; but this can scarcely be called an explanation, for they must well know that these exciting tales are but the works of fiction. For some reason or other Christmas is the time generally chosen to relate these stories, and I now propose to tell one, which, being perfectly true, will, I hope, convert the unbelievers. It is now more than twenty years since I received an invitation from my Unole Jack—who, having come home rich from the Australian goldfields, had purchased a handsome old mansion nearFermoy— to spend the coming Christmas with him. I need not say how joyfully I wrote an acceptance, for I must inform my readers that, besides the many enjoyments the visit promised, my host was the happy posseBBor of two most charming daughters, and with whom I was on the best possible terms. In those days there was no railway between Cork—the place where I resided—and Fermoy, so seating myBeH, I, on Christmas Eve, on the top of the old stage coach beside "Old Tom," the driver, I was soon on the road to my destination. It was a bitterly cold night, and the snow soon commenced to fall in a most unpleasant manner. Still, as I always prefer the outside to the inside of si coach, I did not change my place, especially as " Old Tom"—who had been endeavouring to keep out the cold by Bundry applications to my flask—was becoming quite communicative, spinning every now and then a short yarn, and sighingforthe good old times "when there waB not so many of them peelers going about spoiling sport," and when-he used to be able to quietly " bag " a fat goose from the wayside without stopping thd coaoh, by simply twining his whip arouhd the creature's neck and hauling him up before lie was seen. TUe longest journey has its end. 601 mi soon Mttodititii mjr pretty waiiap before my uncle's fireside, where we remained planning alt kinds of holiday amusements until we heard the distant chimes ring merry Old Christmas in. Next morning I had a good opportunity of closely inspecting my uncle's purchase. It was, indeed, a venerable old pile, almost completely covered with ivy, which grew so luxuriantly that it threatened to close up the windows, and had to be frequently cut away from them. ItB architecture was of that kind called after the British Queen Elizabeth, and the building must hare been at least hundreds of years old. My relative soon joined me, and I was now informed for the first time that the plaoe had an evil reputation, and that in fact part of the house was uninhabited; but this, my uncle said, was not because of anything extraordinary having occurred there in his time, but because the rooms were so old and decayed that it was positively useless to think of restoring them. He, however, expressed his readiness to inform me in the evening why his house had got bo bad a name. My host had invited a good many friends to dine with him that day, and these soon arrived, foremost among them being "Father Pat" —I don't know what his other name was, nobody did, and I doubt if be did himself—on his trusty old mare, "Surefoot," whom, he boasted, was, for her speed'and steadiness, well worth her weight in good. " Many and many a time," said the gold old priest, with a merry twinkle in his eye, ' has she carried safely home in the dark four good tumblers of punch upon her back, and never spilled a drop of it." A capital dinner party was that, and a capital dinner, too. I shall never forget the plum pudding. I am not naturally a glutton ; yet I did think I never could eat enough of that pudding. However, it was at length removed, grace was said, the ladies retired, and while the priest and parson—we had a parson, too— cheerfully chatted and kept the decanter passing, I reminded my uncle of his promise to tell us what he knew of the previous history of his purchase. He rather disappointed me by replying that there was not much to relate. The house, he said, had been uninhabited for 18 years, and had cost him a great deal of money to put it in its present repaired condition. Woy it had remained so long without an occupant wes, he averred, a mystery to him, unless it was that the ridiculous stories circulated by the country people of the neighbourhood bad frightened intending purchasers. The last occupier had been a Mr. Charles Blake, who was a bachelor, and who was also a large landed proprietor. This landlord had been for many years on bad terms with his tenantry. He was harsh and exacting, and constantly confiscated their improvements by enormously rais ing their rents. Still, this was not because he required money, for, having no family, he had little or no expenses, and was, in fact, well known to be remarkably wealthy. It was his love of money which cause him to act so, for he loved it even as the miser does, who starves and toils for a lifetime and dies of starvation beside his treasure. Mr. Blake was peculiar in many things. He was very eccentric in his dress, always wearing a large blue muffler round his neck instead of a collar. He used also allow his hair to grow long, and would never, on any account, lodge his money in a bank. "I can keep it just as safely myself," he would reply when his friends remonstrated with him on the subject, and keep it safely he certainly did, for to this day no thief has ever found the place be hid it in. His neighbours received a painful shock one evening, when his dead ; body was brought home to his housekeeper, He had been found thus on the roadside, with a gunshot wound behind his ear. It was quite clear the crime had not been eommitted for robbery, as he had a considerable sum of money in his pocket, and his gold watch and chain had not been touched., So the outrage was judged to be agrarian, and the coroner's jury returned the usual verdict of. wilful murder against some person or persons nnknown. After his burial a thorough search was made for the treasure which he Was known to have amassed, and, which was believed to be concealed in one of those rooms in the house at present unoccupied, but although everything , was carefully overhauled, the boards torn up, and tb^ walls sounded; still nothing wasfound—f not even a will, or any paper to indicate where he had put his monejr. Fot somt time after these events his housekeeper continued to reside in the house by her-j self, "but left it suddenly; and as shf declared nothing would ever make her return, it soon became whispered about that the house was haunted, andthat she had seen her masters -gbpstj " Whether this was true or, not," *d(U4 my uncle, " I have never been able toato-* certain, but I know that sinoe we hav« oome ire 1»to qiw n h ^ anything to disturb or alarm as way whatever." We thanked our ho.tK his recital, and I asked him to gratify our which Mr. Blake .was supposed to ha»ft secreted his. hoard. He complied at once so, accompanied by the ladies whom w» had just rejoined, we all proceeded through a long passage to the memorable room. It was a large square apartment very dusty, and full of cobwebs, the boardi were quite rotten, and maDy of them whioh had been torn up during the hunt for the money, had never been replaced - a horrid musty smell pervaded the room owing to the length of time it had beeu kept closed up, and we were about to retire when I noticed a hole about a foot square in one of the walls, and to whioh I drew my uncle's attention. He explained it by saying he had been told that during the search the wall thereon being sounded had appeared hollow, aud it waB not until some of the masonry had been removed that this was found to be a delusion. After enjoying an extremely pleasant Christmas evening I, about half-paBt eleven, bid my friends good-night, took my oandle, and retired to my chamber. I found the bedroom allotted to me was a very large one; on the walls hung several relics of my uncle's gold-digging days. There was a very handsome rifle,! several pistols, and peculiar looking; spades, but what struck me most was an< enormous sheath-knife, which remindecb me forcibly of the ones whioh I had reacfi the pirates of long ago used to keep for their unfortunate victims. Having examined the carving of this remarkable weapon, I laid it on a small table by my side, and, feeling very tirSd, threw myself on my bed without undressing, and was soon fast asleep. I do not know hofr long I slept. It may have been some hours, but when I awoke I saw that I had forgotten to close my shutters before lying down, arid, as the moon was now shining brightly, I could clearly see round my room. Never, no, not to my dying day, shall I forget the sight I saw. Standing near the closed door, as if it had just come in, tvas tfae ghost of Charles Blake. "Yes; 'there, could be no mistake. I rnbbed my eyes, and tried to think it was . some trick of 1 the imagination, but all in vain. Strange' to say, after the first ,/ew movents, in which I think my heart stood still, and I oould almost feel my hair stand on an end, my alarm gradually subsided, and in a few minutes I felt just as cool and collected as usual. The ghost Btood quite stationary, looking straight at nie, and had'its arms folded Over its breast. It represented a well preserved man of about sixty years of age, and I thought that while looking at it that in the face it strongly resembled Father Pat, ,but its hair was long, and fell in flowing masses over its neck, round which was tied the large blue muffler referred to by my nncle. We stood looking at eaohi other for some minutes. Then, in a deep, sepulchural voice, my visitor exclaimed—"Get up, and follow me." I know not why it was that I saW nothing strange in this extraordinary request, nor can I tell ^hy.ft was that I obeyed,it. 1 seemed toibe in a sort of trance, and had firmly fixed; in; my mind the idea that the spirit was about to lead me to. the spot where when in life it had hidden its precioiis treasure, so I got out of bed, and, in absence of mina more than from any instinct of self preservation, I took the sheath-knife which Was still lying on the t&ble; arid stood prepared to follow.. I had locked my door before retiring, and could see . that it was still locked, and that the key was in it. The ghost, however, did not seem to mind the door at all, for it went through the' solid oak, and, beckoning to, me to Come, I, much to my own surprise, passed also in the same extraordinary manner. We went down stairs, and through fte long dark passage to the room which my had uncle shown us earlier in the evening. I notioed during the terrible journey that only my footstep sounded. The 1 gh^t seemed to glide along with slowwalk and made no noise,whatever. Arrived a^ theroom we Weiit through thedpot aswe had passedlhrotigh the former ^ifc. Tflis partment wiw also perfectly iUwminatfji by the moon, 1 and, here again, the spifit folded its ;arms, and stood for ..eeyeffal minutes looking < at me, and apparently lost in .meditation* . At length'tfe' dowly glided to the furthest end .bf ttae 'rbom, aud then stretching out his armi 'Winttd o the holeitt thewall I 1 remarked, and whioh where it now iitqpd. lliffllBd% trfaort* me where its treasure, mat f * put nyuim into t^e^ ,e§pgF> .PPsj®??? feel nothing. , The other end of the roomt^M« «g*» «> r e to tear down fthe-l which 1 - m r.m*k» iny hand, and this time (elt some soft substance which I pulled out and found to be a canvas bag, very heavy, and from ibe pleasant jingling which went on inside I had no donbt that it was fall of gold. I could not, however, find its month—probably I vraa too excited. So cezing my knife I plunged it seveia! times into the canvas, and lo! there flowed out at every stab hundreds and hundreds of golden guineas. I now loat all control over myself, and ahouted oat "Gold! gold!" with all my might. I had completely; forgotten the presence of my ghostly friend, but on looking round now I was quite horrified at the change which had come over its countenance. Whether it yas caused by the eight of the coin or not I do not know, but its hands were clenched and its features distorted by passion. Terror is no word to describe my, feelings when I saw it move revengefully towards me, hissing through its teeth as it came, " It I cannot take with .me, you never shall." I remember leaping to my feet; my despair had given me courage, and scarcely knowing what I did, I rushed, knife in hand, on my antagonist, shouting wildly, " Help I help! murder! murder!" and closed with him in a death struggle. I call to mind I stabbed and wrestled vigorously, . then, unhappily losing my footing, we rolled together on the floor,and " Hullo, my dear boy, what the d 1 is the matter with you ?" It was my ancle's voice, and brought me to my senses. Looking up, I beheld him at the doorway with a lighted candle in his hand—he had just burst in the door. I gazed jtupefied around, but for some momepts could not comprehend the scene. I found myself, not in the haunted ohamber, but in my own bedroom. Lying beside me on the floorwas the bolster, all cat and hacked, to pieces from my knife ; my bed, a wooden one, had been quite pulled asunder, and the laths were scattered about in sad confusion, while in a corner stood the tick, and from the numerous wounds inflicted on it by my pirate knife there streamed forth handfuls of yellow chaff, which in my terrible nightmare I must have mistaken for golden gulneaB. The whole house had been aroused by my screams, and the visitors now came all rushing to my room half dressed. Ton should have seen how heartily they enjoyed the fnn when all was explained. In memory I even still see Father Pat's broad grin, and hear the merry screams of my pretty cousins as they laughed again and again jbufc never from that day to this have I touched plnm padding, and never while life with me remain* shall I forget the horrid ghost of Charles Blake. 