<%tr iotthrgs. So it would appear that Mr. Bent now denies that, during the time be was out of friends with Mr. John Woods, he called that gentleman a political rogne, and declared that he was " roguing the country with his brake." It is somewhat suspicious, however, that Mr. Bent only discovered that he had been misreported long after the time when the report was published, and after he and his friend Jack had made it up again, and were at one as to the excellence of the brake. One should have thought that, if Mr. Bent had been misreported, he would, as soon as he saw that he had been made to call a fellow member a " political rogue," at once have asked that the mistake should be corrected. Apart from the unlikeliness of Mr. Bent's yarn that he was misreported, the language is so like what the Honourable Tom would have used upon a tiff with his friend Jack, that I feel satisfied that the Honourable Tom is trying to brazen the matter out by telling a fib. And I feel satisfied that he has not raised himself in public estimation by his action in this matter. The sooner members of Parliament divest themselves of some of the absurd privileges by which they are surrounded, and which were neceseary in times past, the better it will be for them, and the less they will be laughed at by the public. Of all the absurd antics of members of Parliament, commend me to those which they cut when Borne newspaper in plain language points out some of their peccadiloes. On Tuesday night last Mr. Woods raised the question of privilege in connection with an article in the Age, but after a desultory discussion the whole matter ended in smoke. I do not for one moment defend the extreme lengths to which some newspapers go in vilifying and denouncing public men ; but the proper place to deal with these matters is the law court, and not the Assembly chamber. Juries are not slow to give substantial damages for malicious libels. The following depicts a decidedly lively scene in a church. I cannot vouch for its truth, but I give it as I found it in an English paper :— The Baptist Church at Hampton Cross Roads was the scene of a terrible affray on Sunday, 24th October. During service, Jerry Cox and Levi BryBon became involved in a quarrel, and both drew pistols and fired wildly. The audience arose and made a rush for the doors, amid a scene of indescribable confusion. The air was filled with shrieks of frightened men, women, and children. The minister was the only person who retained his presence of mind, and remained in the pulpit, calmly but energetically moving his lips in addressing the audience, to whom his words were inaudible. The firing continued for some time, and several shots passed over the minister's head, who, however, paid no heed to them. Meanwhile, several men were tugging away at both Cox and Bryson, appealing wildly to them to desist from their terrible work, but they were all shoved aside, and the firing continued. Bryson was finally shot in the breast, and fell mortally wounded on one of the benches, but was sufficiently conscious to raise himself and fire a parting shot at his opponent, who fell dead without speaking a word. Last week I showed, upon the authority of a leading London paper, that the parrot-cry of the intolerance of Roman Catholics, and of the manner in which they hang together, has no real existence, and now I have to show, from American statistics, that the statements so often glibly made that in free democratic countries Catholicism does not spread is equally unfounded. A recent census oi the Roman Catholics in the United States shows that the Catholic population throughout them amounts to six millions one hundred^and Jorty-three. thousand two hundred and twenty-two. There are sixty-seven archbishops and bishops, one cardinal, five thousand nine hundred and eighty- nine priests, and five thousand six hundred and six churches and chapels. There are four hundred thousand Catholic children in the schools, and three hundred and seventy-five charitable institutions exclusively devoted to Catholics. This does not look as if Catholicity was on the decline in the greatest democratic country in the world. Does it? It. is amusing to read some accounts of Protestant missionary enterprise. The South Sealslandp seem to bea favourite field for. their operations. In times past Ireland has been tried, but all attempts there have been unseeable failures. Notwithstanding, in their reports flourishing accounts have been given of how ! the Irish have been reclaimed from snperetition and idolatry. Rome now: seems to have an attraction for the. Protestant missionary. It takes well with the rich and pious old ladies who attend Exeter Hall; indeed any mad scheme, in which allusion is made to the possibility of converting the Pope and the inhabitants of Rome, is certain to be well supported by the unthinking bigotted enthusiasts who frequent that place. The amusing part of all the missionary reports is the end. It is in the tail that the gist of the whole is to be found, and in ninety-nine cases out of a hundred the great want is money. As a sample, I will quote from one recently issued by W. C. Van Meter. It says :— I wish some friend or Sunday school would send me £10 for 100 Bibles, as I have only the New Testament. The two day schools and Sunday schools here are rapidly filling up. The training school for Christian workers numbers 33. My two day and two Sunday schools at Frascati, which you opened when here in March last, are doing better than ever before. Soon the night schools for adults will be re-opened there. Seldom have I seen a more promising field. Five pounds will support one of my teachers or missionaries, Bible readers, and tract distributors for one month. Will you be one of twelve to support me for a year, or get your Sunday school or congregation to be one of tliat number. It is by such twaddle that the British public are gulled into supporting movements in which certain clever folk live without work. An attempt has been made to reinstate the "Ghost of Kiama." It will be remembered that Sir Henry ParkeB made startling announcements about this individual duriDg the excitement caused by the shooting at the Duke of Edinburgh by O'Farrell. Some one was supposed to know all about a supposed organisation in New South Wales. In consequence of this unfortunate affair, the Orange lodges multiplied in New South Wales. Since then this nefarious society has played an important part in the history of the colony, returning, it is said, a large number of members of Parliament. A change has now come over the scene, and Orangemen and their supporters have been defeated everywhere. Mr. John Davies, after suffering a defeat for the Assembly, was again defeated for the City Council. He suffered a crushing defeat at Kiama, notwithstanding that the Parkes party and the Orangemen used their influence on his behalf. The second attempt to resuscitate the Kiama ghost and Orangeism was a miserable failure. 