SPORTING NOTES. By " Newmarket." What may be termed the forerunner of the great racing carnival of the year passed off pleasantly on Saturday last, at Fleirungton, under the auspices of tbe Melbourne Hunt Club. Tbe weather, although a strong wind i?p;. j prevailed lor the most part of the day, was tine, tut the Atfcndauce was hardly up to the average. The time that has elapsed since tbe last meeting was held at Fiemington -has not been spent in idleness by Mr. Byron Moore and his minions, and several improvements and alterations have been effected, the most striking of which is the construction of a rural fountain with a rock enclosed pool at the eastern end of the lawn, near tho flower beds. Another important improvement that «prs much needed i3 the erection of high backs to the aeatB in the stand, which will effectually prevent thoughtless and excitable persons from walking on seats ; and the ladies who now oocupy tho stand wiil be able to eit down without fear of Their dresses beingAestroyed, which, unfortunately, has too cften the case in the past. The | l&Urse; and the surrounding hills looked fresh : and green, while tbe lawn, with its tcstic | fountain .playfully throwing forth fantastic ; columns of dancing spray, looked charming | picturesque. b wing to there being ; seven events on the card, business | commenced half an hour earlier than usual, j thd opening event being the Hurdle Race, j winch, owing to the many withdrawals at the last minute, was shorn of some of ite interesl. Xu point of condition Gambler had the advantage, and, lasting iohgest, he just man aged to get ho&e; In frontlof Red Rover; Dunare&rv;, who has been doing very badly eiftcte the Ballarat meeting, tired completely beiore half the journey was run. Generally speaking, amateur hurdle race6 prove a failure, and the one on Saturday was no exception, only four horses coming to the post, and this number was one more than was expected half an hour before the face, as Van Tromp was scratched by his trainer without the knowledge of Mr. Weeks the owner ; who. On representing the case to the stewards, was allowed to start his horse;. Deng, the trainer of Van Tromp, was subsequently disqualified icr six months for misconducting iiimself before the stewards. Blue Peter, the winner, is a grafcdkoh of Panic, and, although not gifted with a great dash of foot, is an excellent fencer, and should be all at home over the big jumps. I was pleased to see the funds of the club get such a substantial addition by the sale of Kanaka in the Sellihg Race, and the sum received from this source will in a measure make hp for the lack of visitors. The Hunt Club Cup afforded the spectators a rare treat, and the only two of the ten starters who met with the slightest mishap were Hector and Angler, who both baulked repeatedly, while tbe others could have been covered with the proverbial sheet at the finish. The riding of young Watson on Alhambra was a skilful disolav of horsemanshiu. The only way Mr. Glasscock can account for Hector's baulking is that he bolted on the training- ground last week, and the boy who was riding him got frightened and pulled him off his fences. By a curious coincidence, both Delusion and Breeze, who ran first and second for the Flying Stakes, were bied in Adelaide, and are both by the same sire. Some confusion occurred to sweepholders in this race by the judge hoisting in mistake the number of Ploughboy, who ran in mpch the same colours as Breeze. Larpent once more showed his quality by landing the Flat Race very easily, notwith standing that the Verdure stable, who had declared to win, thought that it was all over but. the shouting. The Prometheus party have evidently taken a leaf out of the Rous book, for the son of Coquette was started in heavy plates, while The Hebrew, on whom they placed thsir dollars, ran bare footed. However, few were sorry to see that their sagacity was at fault, and that their sheet anchor was easily beaten. On the other j hand, Larpent's win and Mr. Whittiagbam's success were well received. Mr. Cox announces a two days' programme to be run at Kensington Park on Saturday, the 21st October, and Monday, the 30th. Oc tober (the day before the Melbourne Cup). Five liberal events have been provided for each day. The principal items on the first day are the Kensington Cup, of 50 govs,, about five furlongs ; and the Steeple chase, of 50 sovs. On the seoond day, a handicap of 50 sovs., for two- year- olds, and a Flat Race, of 30 sovs., will be decided. Entries will bQ received for the first day's racing at the Victoria hotel, Bourke street, on Thursday, 12th October. Nominations for the second day's racing will be received on Monday, 23rd October. Owners and trainers are reminded that Tuesday next, the 12th October, is the date upon which the V.R.C. invite general entries for their Bpring meeting. The events to be attended to are the Melbourne Stakes, Hotham Handicap, Essendon Stakes, and Coburg Stakes on the first day, and the Maiden Plate, Railway Stakes, Kensington Stakes, Darling Stakes, and Van Yean Stakes on the second day. On the third day, the Hurdle Race, Royal Park Stakes, Flying Stakes, Spring Handicap, and Veteran Stakes will be run ; and the Fiemington Stakes, V.R.C. Handicap, Steeple chase, Canterbury Plate, and Free Handicap comprise the items of tbe last day. Those who wish to withdraw their horses from the Caulfield events must do so before 3 o'clock p.m. on Thursday next, the 12th October, or they will be considered acceptors, and nominators wiil be liable for the whole stake. The committee of the V.R.C. have decided not to entertain the application of several farriers for free tickets of admission to the saddling-paddock on race-days. At a meeting of the committee of the Victoria Amateur Turf Club, held on Wednes day, Messrs D. S. Wailace; W. Pearson, J. J. Purves, M. O'Shanassy, and Hurtle Fisher were elected stewards for the ensuing year. The committee also endorsed the decision of the Melbourne Hunt Club, in the case of the disqualification ot J? . Deng, ine trainer. Visitors to the Caulfield races will be glad to hear that Mr. J. lies, of the Caf6 Gunsler, is the successful tenderer for all the refresh ments to be supplied within the saddling- paddock enclosure at the V.A.T.C. Meeting. The committee of the V.R.C. met on Tuesday last, and endorsed the disqualifica tion (of F. Leng, the trainer, who was disqualified on Saturday last for six months by the stewards of the M.H.C. for disorderly conduct. The disqualification of the boy Saundcrson. who rode Merry Maid at Caul field, was also endorsed. Leng's disqualifi cation at this season of the year will fali very heavily upon him, for no horse trained by him will be allowed to compete in any race for a period of six months. \- The racehorse Orient, by Fireworks from Sunshine, who was sold recently to tbe Messrs. Hassell, of Western Australia, died last week on board the mail steamer, while en route for his new home. Orient won the V.R.C. Maiden Plate, two years ago, beating Exeter and four others. He was insured for £350, but I believe that both Messrs. Yuille and Hassell will lose about £25 each by the ho r<e's unfortunate deab. The annual meeting of the Victoria Amateur Turf Club was held on Monday afternoon at MWzies hotel, Bourke street 1 west. The Hon. W. Pearson occupied the ' chair, and there was a large number of JfiembBft present. The annual report and balance-sheet, which showed the' affairs or club to be in a highly flourishing condition, were read and adopted. After a cordial vote of thanks to the chairman, the meeting I proceeded to the election of three rhemoers of committee. There wa8 a large number of ! votes polled; vjhich resulted in the following ; gentlemen being elected : — Messrs. C. D. j O'Halloran, Hurtle Fisher, T. N. Fitzgerald I and A. R. Blackwood. J The second edition of Centaur's Index, con- ( taining performances up to date, is to hand, and to those who take an interest in matters I horsey, this handy little publication will be found very useful. From Sydney I learn that a party of roughs who attended the race which was held last week at Ryde, on the Parramatta, rushed the bar and luncheon-booth, and after robbing the unfortunate proprietor of £60, the das- tatdly mob set fire to the booth Mr. laruond, the trainer, is hacking the sensational Fandango about the streets of Sydney, by which means he hopes to cure . him of some of his fractiousness. , On Monday last, Mr. W. E. Dakin arrived j with Sir Thomas Elder's horses, comprising j Guesswork, Bass£nio, Baron von Mueller, Tyropean, Monsoon, Achilles, Douanier, and Gen Osmond. The team all look very well, hud enjoyed a good passage over, but Achilles got slightly . knocked about on landing. On Wednesday morning, Guesswork electrified the touts by polishing off one mile on the training-ground in lmin. 47sec., which ia by far the fastest performance of the season. Mr. S. Cook's two-year-old colt, George Rignold, fell in the Flying Stakea last Satur day, and although he picked himself up, and finished amongst his horses, he received such injuries to bis back as necessitated his being destroyed on Tuesday last. George Rigoold was by King Cole, from Gonalfon, and was purchased by Mr. Cook for 55 guineas at Messrs. Fiudlay's last sale. Mr. T. Ivory's horses have arrived, and taken" up their quarters at Fiemington. The lot consists of Lord Burghley, Master Avenel, Vulture, Tristram, and The Prior. Mas querade has been left behind, still it would not be very surprising if he should come over at the eleventh hour. The acceptances for tho Maribyrnong Plate disclose the faot that there are still forty-seven high-class youngsters left in the great two-year-old event of the year. As usual, both South Australia and New South Wales are strongly represented. AmoDgst the competitors are Chlorice, a full sister to Cunnamulla; Aberfoyle, a full brother to Woodlands ; Bathurst and Hecia ; W arwick, a fall brother to Segenhoe ; Norma, a full sister to Habena ; Fidalma, a full sister to Pride of the Hills ; and a full sister to Navi gator. Therefore, there is no fear of the race losing any of its old interest. Mr. E. Miller, the master of the Findon Harriers, has been very happy in apportion- ing the weights to the large number of horses entered for the Findon Harriers' Gold Vases. Ajax is allotted top weight, but probably Alhambra, Paddy Crutch, and Chanak will be found to be the most dangerous. To add to the attractiveness of the prize, Mr. J. Rosier has announced his intention of pre senting the rider of the winner with a pair of first-class racing top-boots. Shareholders in the totalisator at tbe recently established Sportsman's Club had their money returned, less the percentage, over the- Hurdle Race, as there were no investors on Gambler, t)je winner. Backers of Abdall&h; (in tbe Steeplechase) received the liberal odds of 12 to 1, his price in the ring being 4 to 1. T. Jones has taken F. Leng's stables at Caulfield, and will, in addition to managing his own stable, train Belladrum, King of the Forest, and the other horses formerly in Leng's charge, until the term of Leng's dis qualification has expired. I. Foulsham has requested me to contra dict a statement which appeared in one of the daily papers, to the effect that the jockey O'Brien was first put on Scandal in order to deceive the public in the Flat Race at Fiem ington last Saturday. O'Brien knew three hours before the race which horse he was going to ride, and when the time arrived, weighed oat for Verdure only, saddled her up himself, and got on no other horse. Sheehan, who rode Scandal, was on his horse's back long before O'Brien weighed out. . Mr. De Mestre arrived overland on Tues day with Navigator, Sweet William, Gudarz, the Piecator — Rose d' Amour colt, Piscator — Lady colt, and the Robinson Crusoe — Luna filly. All the lot were in good health, and are quartered at .the Racecourse hote1, Fiemington. Yesterday the remainder of the string, comprising Solitude, Paul, Sylvanns, Lohengriu, a filly by Robinson Crusoe — Cocoanufc, and another youngster, reached Fiemington. With such a powerful string, Mr. De Mestre should be very formidable this season. Young .Corn well has been disqualified by the Dubbo stewards tor the suspicious riding of Attila at their late meeting. vuursuuu uao uccu icluuvcu uuu1 jp1uu1 ing ton to Balaclava, and will receive the finishing touches of his preparation at Caul field. On Monday nl£ht Canary met with some support for the Caulfield Cup at 100 to 3, and it was thought that the son of Epigram had regained some of his old form. On Thursday, however, it was deemed necessary to scratch him. The Sporting Life has published an in teresting table showing the amounts and the races won by the different owners in Englaud for the past season. At the present time the Duke of Westminster heads the list, Mr. Crawfurd holding second position, with Lord Bradford and vr. Leievre a little behind, oloEe together, tbe Duke of Hamilton being well up, he haviug won mora to date than in j the whole of last year. This also applies to I Lord Bradford and Mr. Lefevze. But the most j rapid approach to the front is that of Lord j Ellesmere. Tbe infirmity of Iroquois has i caused Mr. Loriilard to almost disappear I from the scene, the solitary win of Mistake . ' (worth £225) being in strong contrast with £10,680, the value of the spoils in the first half of last season. Several well-known and successful supporters of the turf are taking back seats, notably Baron Rothschild and Captain Machell, and others whose names once figured at the head of affairs have entirely departed. It may be interesting to point out that of £12,426 won by of Westminster, Hermit as a sire U credited with £11,707 ; he . ,al®r Lefevre's account with £5,565 rough his son Tristan, tfhd, notWithstanding hieGood- v?ood Cup defeat, is perhaps the best horse of his year over any distance. Hermit also contributes £4,416 to Mr. Crawfurd s winning balance, chiefly by St. Marguerite, and £2,762 to the credit of Mr. R- S. Evans by the aid of Marden ; also to other owners for less amounts, the successes o his sons and daughters in tbe tabulated list ot winning owners being over £30,000. Rosicrocian, a very long way behind, comes next. credited with a little over £8,000 ; Wenlook third ; Adventurer and Macaroni close together, the former being indebted to Rozelle and Adnana for his forward position, and the. latter to Macbeath. « he following are the first half- dozen i— Duke of Westminster, 9 races, 5 horses, value of stake £12,426 Mr. W. b. S. Crawford, 17 races, 9 horses, value of stake £11,659 5s. ; Lord Bradford, 17 races, 5 horses, value of stakes £10,795 10s ; Mr. C. J4 Lefevre, 17 races, 7 horses, valfle of stake £10,543 ; Duke of Hamilton, 22 races, 15 horses, value of stake £9,014 4s, Mr. L. de Rothschild, 24 races, 11 horses, value of stake £8,039 lis. " Centaur,' an English correspondent of the Sydney Town and Country Journal, says that " one can see more sound, good-legged horses at one Randwick or Fiemington meet ing than could be found in all England, nine- tenths of the English thoroughbreds being faulty in the legs." He states also that the thoroughbred i8 undoubtedly deteriorating in the old country, " in consequence of the breeder running after small-boned, flashy strains, to win the rich two-year-old five and six furlong spurts, and neglecting the good stout strains, like Melbourne, which gave bone and stamina, and when properly, allied with Whalebone, Cartrel and his brothers, and Blacklock, possess speed. as weu, ruougn they undoubtedly shine better over the longer courses, and for that reason are not ; in demand in a country where the courses over a mile and a quarter can be counted on one's fingers." Mr. F. Wentwoith's horses Sardonyx, Drummer, Bandmaster, Vaucluse, and two youngsters, arrived at Fiemington yesterday, in charge of J. Monaghan. Writing of Mr. Fisher s Bill for the Sup pression of Sweeps, the BallaYat Courier says : — " The only argument worth speaking of that is levelled against Mr. Fisher'B bill is that it is useless, because people will gamble ; and mining speculations are brought in to strengthen this contention. But the idea is as weak as the proposition upon which it is supported is foolieh. Mr. Fisher's bill is a transcript of an act which is in force in Great Britain ; and it has been attended with results of a very excellent nature. It has driven sweep ' advertisements out of the papers ; and it has prevented any building being specified as in use for gambling in this character. The results are — a great falling- off in ventures of this kind, a marked . decline in larcenies and embezzlements, and the steady social and moral improvement of the people. The effect of such legislation must he the same here, for there is no dissimi larity of circumstances or character istics between the two countries to pro duce any opposite sequence. As to the comparison between ' sweeps' and mining speculations, there is no analogy at all. Mining speculations open up and develop the conntry, and create wholesome channels for the employment of both capital and labour, while the professional sweep' does nothing of either sort ; for, however viewed, it does nothing else than create the rankest mis chief. The only argument that is urged against the passing of Mr. Fisher's bill is, therefore, of the weakest kind, because it breaks down the moment it is tested. As a general rule, it may safely be laid down that tbe fewer facilities for gambling there are, the less gambling there will be. Mr. FisheVs bill will, when in operation, curtail the pro- fessional 'sweep' business very- materially, if it does not stamp it entirely out ; and the public, therefore, is bound to be the gainer by such a measure being carried. This being the case, we hope to see Mr. Fisher's bill at work, for tbe most hopeful results may be expected of its being brought into practice." The following am the scratcbings for the Melbourne Cup : — Lavinia, Fhorous, Hare bell, Prima Donna, Fandango, Lord Clifden, Crazy Jane, Annand≤, Martindaie, Cete- wayo. The following are the ecratohings for the V.A.T.C. Meeting ; — Caulfield Cup : Robert the Devil, Bassanio, Borderman, Footstep, Morpeth,- John Peel. Guineas: Hobart, Morpeth. Toorak Handicap : Robert the Devil, Assyrian. Prometheus, Footstep, Coreena, The Ghost, Lapstoce. Findon Harriers' : Ranger, Exile, Big Head, Morn ing, St. Thomas, Goodwood. All engage ments : Bustard and Buzza. Hurdle Race : Songster, Fusilier, Discount. Selling Race : The Ghqst, Breeze. Foal Stakes : George Rignold. 