Aa Hio represonlntivos .of tlio Assotnbly. in:tho Conforence about tho Liconocs BUI woro divided,' wliilo those of tho Council .woro uiiamnio'iib; tho discussion could liiiyp biit pno result. ,Tho >Coun- cU having tho Lbwor.'Houso by tlie hip woro re solved not to forogo tho advantage till .tho As Huuiuiy- nuuiu uuuounti UJ' cuiitiui- uouiciuua uiau if granted would - nioro tliaii neutralize any Liberal 'influoneo. which could bo bkbrted 'on the coroposition . pf (he ' Coiincii by I bxtbiiding the suffr.igo to, Iicelisoos. ; Whoii tlio Rbfornu Bill was passcjd tho" Assembly ! hoglobtbd ' to provide fdr'tlie' figlit of licb'nsobs to vcito, so tlnit thoro could bo.nu.doubt on tho point, anil the lnonsilro wliioli lately: passed tho 'Assembly. was; ' dosignbd to rpmedy tljo 'dbfoct..'. TIip Council, liowoyor, saw its ppportuuity to, oxtqnd the vicious system of plural voting, and' accordingly insistod / as 'an ihdUpehsable odnditiqii bf.assont;'t6 ';thd i amend; ing bill tjiat.a clauso; slipiild.also, bo iqsorteiV that would indefinitoly iucrciiso the votes of tho rich for ' t jioUpper Housu.1 For iiiatanc'6, ' iv o aro' told by,; tho Ijiwyera that( \yerp( tlio -. proposal, of tho Council accoptod, a siuglo frooliold worth'LlOO might bo so inanipulatod'aB to confer Uio fran- chiso Jor, thpt biidy on nptvles3, than .twonty-two persons, '"aiiil 'though' ''dL'"oSursb"tlio:Libbi'alrpni'ty might follow tlio bxainple; tup 'gamp of mauufiiq; turing,faggbt,votes Is.QiVp ill jWliich; all, the pdds are in' favour of tho rich. lUndor > those ipircumt; stances it is better 'the Act slfould reinaid uniib tbred than aflprd an' o'pbning fpr'a. tnanifcst'; and groat abuse, especially \aa iiiiany lioonseos -will Boon bb ablo to claim the sufl'ragb as freohplders. Bqlj aftor pll there is so iiiuch diflbrbnco ; on t)io technical construction; «>f tlio Refonn Aot tliat it doiis .u(it appear to : bo cortain licensbbs aro ox- cludod'liV'its phraseology, Tlio case of tlio As- BemWy as .put by Sir . Bryan O'Loghlon is as fob lows : — By tho second ' Beqtiqu;:evovy ' miilp(per- Bon occupying lands as ' a tenant, aiid-. rated at L25, pop. anuuni, is ;oijtitlpd/fo ; the .franchise/ Tho third section, hoivevor, dofinos an " occupy ing tbhant'! to' bo oiie who hbMs'.a lcaso for at Ibtwt fivo'yepre," and . Uiq.,questjon . at , isauo is : whotlier tho words I' occupying donah t" applied ; to the porsons referred to iu-'bothi sections. It \- was to roiiiovo tlio' uiicbr tai n ty on this subject ;tho Amending-Bill was iutroducud, but' as the : lawyers do not positively afliriu. licoriseos aro ! shut ou from tho bbnoQts of tho Act;; thoy may \ bo in a better position' thpu is foarod. Accord ing to Sir Charles Sladoii tho Cotinci! nPvcr in- I to'nded that licbnBoos' should havoltlie 'fraiichisp 'and haddbtoripincd to opp'oso its being coiiforrod i upon thoni, aiid it is very cloar that ho llas lost nouu ui- Jim uiu;iuuu.u;ui.uxtuiiuiiig LiiQ. irauciiiBe 'for tho Uppor House, ;ahd' his determination to jincroosb its consbryativo influoneo in ovcry pos- iBiblo maunor. ' However tho uliangos which the ; Reform Bill will bring about in tho couiposition j of that body ; will greatly ;facilitate any;.fui thor ! ones tliat may bo needed to bring tho Upper i House into agrcombnt with tlio enlightened pub- hic sontiraent, and prqybiit" undue resistance to | legislative improvement. The constant fear ; which the leader:of tlio Upper Hbuse ontertains of giving too. muoh: powei;; to '.tho' peoplo:of:this I colony shows that ho has1 not learned that wis dom and modbratioii that 'aro supposed to bo tho i fruits of ago and oxporionce, and tliat lie is a political fossil of our oarly constitutional period. Such as ho has boon and is, lio will romaiu to the iend, but happily Ids capacity for obstruction has boon greatly diminished by thoRoforni Act, and ;in a few years ho will find himsolf liko a Gsh out of water, among younger mombors with more advanced tendencies, mid a hotter appreciation of the wants and expectations of 'tho country .Wliilo no one can object to wealth having its fair representation in tho legislature, tho ivolfaro of tho groat majority of tho population limst bo itlio primary consideration with our law-makers. Tho aflluont mombors of socioty can gonorally manage to tako protty good euro of their own in terests, and too often endeavour to Bliift from .thoir own shouldors upon that of the many an unequal share. of taxation. And tho only object of enabling largo property-owners to multiply votes in an unlimited extent must bo to savu jtliom from contributing thoir proper quota to tho roveune by adding to tho resisting powor of tho Council. Wo aro satisfied, howovor, that ovei-y attempt of tho kind would provo iubflec- tunl, because tho curront of thought is every where setting in tho opposite direction. In tho past tlio privileged and tho rich liavo managed to ovado burdens which tlicy should luivu borne in common with tho rest of tho pcoplo, but they can uo longor eseapo responsibilities that arc oquitablo. Tho proper theory of taxation is that which apportions it according to tho posses sions and tho advantages which each mombor of .'tho community onjoys ; and ouo result of a truly reformed Upper IIouso will be the compelling of tlioso who liavo by legal and illegal means crea ted enormous estutes, to contribute more to tho rovonuo or to part with them. No doubt Sir Charles Siadon and thoso whoso worship of " proporty " is ns dovout as that of Tennyson's "Northern Farnio'r," regard such idoas as revo lutionary, if not athoistie ; but thoy might ns well endeavour to nrrost tho movemont of tlio oarth on its axis as opposo inovitablo changos in legislation. For our part, howovor desirable and just it may bo that all bona fido liconsoes of land to tho valuo of L25 por annum, should liavo tlio saino privilogo as freeholders of tho soil to tho same ninmmt, wo aro quito content to wait tho pporatiou of tho Roform Act on tho Council. An immonsoly largor numbor of voters than horotoforo will tako part in elections for that body, and no caudidato ivlio sympathises with tho nntiquatod proforoncos and prejudices of Sir Charles Siadon will luivo tho ghost of a chauco of b'oing returned. Ho and thoso who hold tho' satno opinions in tho Council will find thoir. influoneo in it constantly decreasing, till they cooso to liavo any appreciable efloct on its docisions. Thoro can bo no harm in tho moauwhilo in thoir voutilaling ideas which aro now outsido tlio sphoro of practical politics, and' which will bo somi rogardod with as little ihtorcst ns tho mo3t insignificant object that over puzzled tlio brains of a fanatic in unti- quarian resoarch. Porhap3 lh& only thing roaily to bo rbgrottod iu tho result of tho Conforonco is tlio waato of timo. ( ' 