NO NEW THING. BY W. E. NORRIS, Author of " Matrimony," Heaps of Money," and " Mademoiselle de Mersac." CHAPTER X. ME. STANXIFORTH MAKES FRIENDS. At the age of three-and-lorty, the member for Blackport was probably as conteuted a sample of humanity as could have been found from John o' Groat's to the Land's End. A man who possesses wealth, congenial occupation, a good digestion, and a clear conscience must be a very extraordinary sort of man indeed if he be not happy: and Tom Stanniforth was by no means an extraordinary man. Some people thought him odd ; but his oddity had never taken the form of such base ingratitude to fortune as dissatisfaction with his lot, mr vas he niggardly of his smiles to a world which had treated him so welL He liked the world, and the world iked him; and when he told Nellie that he had no enemies and hated nobody, he made a statement which was not only true, but which, considering the circumstances of the case, was almost a truism. He may not, perhaps, _ have deserved any great credit lor being in love and charity with all men; but the fact that he was so, was generally counted to his credit nevertheless; and this much may, at all events, be claimed for him: that he had not wasted his life, and that he had used his money and his abilities without stint in the service of his fellow-creatures. What he called his hobbies had all been generous hobbies ; and if many of them had ended in failure, and some had been extinguished by a cold shower of not undeserved ridicule, a fair percentage at least had borne good fruit. He shrugged his_ shoulders over his failures, shook the ridicule off his broad back, and plodded on - his way, to accompaniment of cheers and laughter. Had he been an ambitious man, a distinguished political career might have been open to him; for he had plenty of common sense, he had had a long experience of the Mouse of Commons, he loved hard work, and he had that patient diligence in mastering the details of a subject which is one of the rarest and most useful of qualities: but he was not ambitious, and in truth cared not a jot for the game of politics. He called himself a Radical, because, in a general way, he thought it was better to progress than to stand still; bnt he was not so amenable to discipline as he ought to have been ; he had more than once taken upon him to play the enfante terrible; and thus office never had been, and was now never likely to be, offered to him. In private life he had hosts of friends, comprising all classes of the community, from royalty down to the operatives, the chimneysweeps, the discharged criminals, and others whose wrongs he had at different times undertaken to set to rights. No kind of society came amiss to him; and as his purse was always open, his good-nature boundless, and his acquaintance with social shibboleths all that could be desired, he was welcome wherever he went. Yet, after something like a quarter of a century of hospitality given and received, he was still a bachelor, and, as some of his friends feared, a con firmed one. It may be questioned, however, whether any bachelor 01 less than threescore and ten can be said to be confirmed in his bacherlor hood; and perhaps he is never more vulnerable than at that precise period of middle life when mothers commonly give him up in despair. For it is then that the blanks caused by the death or marriage of old friends begin to be felt, and domesticity acquires charms never thought of before, and a new sense of loneliness weighs upon a man's spirits. Tom Stanniforth (no one, by-the-way, ever called him. anything but Tom) was entering upon this critical phase of his career, and was experiencing the sensations incidental thereto, at the time when Mrs. Wilmington made up her mind to select another son-in-law from the ranks of the plutocracy. It is needless to say that many kind efforts had been made before then to render his existence a less solitary one; but from one cause and another they had all proved abortive. With his great wealth, and with the knowledge of human nature which he had perforce acquired, it might not have been surprising if he had resolved to lead a single life, as modest heiresses are said to do, from a conviction of the impossibility of ever knowing certainly whether he was loved for his own sake; but, as a matter of fact, he had formed no such determination. He had not married, simply because he had never happened to fall very much in love ; because accidents bad prevented his following up a youthful fancy or two; because, in fact, he had always had plenty of other things to think about. Now, for the first time in the course of his busy and joyous life, he was asking himself whether it was not advisable that he should settle down, and provide his huge, desolate mansion in the Midlands with a mistress; and he was not unwilling to be vanquished by Mrs. Winnington, whose intentions he perfectly understood, and who indeed played her game after a fashion which could hardly have deceived the least suspicious of men. He thought Edith might do very welL She was of course by a great many years his junior, and he was not conscious of being at all in love with her ; but these drawbacks—if drawbacks they were—need not prevent her from making him an excellent wife, nor him from blessing her with the best of husbands. So, since Margaret pressed him to pay her a long visit, and since he had for the moment no other engagements^ save such as could be easily got rid of, he decided to make himself comfortable at Longbourne and wait upon events. He might, in the sequel, propose to Edith, or he might not; and again, she might accept him, or she might not. Either way he had no great mental disturbance to dread." The popularity to which this fortunate man was accustomed did not fail to attend him in his new quarters. Philip, himself a popular person, though in a different way from quite other causes—recognised in the new-comer a kindred spirit, and obtained without difficulty his co-operation in a project for private theatricals which Margaret had rather unwillingly consented to think about; Mr. Brune, who had never shared his daughter's antipathy for the race of Stanniforth, took a great fancy to him, and was pleased to find that he was unaffectedly interested in farming operations; and Walter's prejudices, which, if less outspoken, were not less deep than his sister's, were overcome at once ana for ever when he walked across the park te Longbourne one morning, and found the member for Blackport in his shirt-sleeves practising cricket with the coachman and a couple of stable-helpers. As for the ladies, two at least of them were loud in their praises of him. " He is so genuine," said Mrs. Winnington, who was fond of a stock phrase. And for many a long day her intimates heard much of the genuineness of Tom Stanniforth. Nevertheless, there was one person who made up her mind that she would have nothing to do with the universal favourite, charm he never so wisely. For a whole week Nellie Brune held herself aloof, finding one excuse after another for absenting herself from Longbourne, privately upbraiding her brother with his apostacy and listening to her father's panegyrics in eloquent silence ; and great was her disgust when,'on the'eighth day, Mr. Brune brought his friend and supplanter in to luncheon. To avoid speaking to him was hardly practicable, but she was determined not to be gracious; and she was so far successful that her father, who rarely scolded her, took her to task somewhat severely afterwards for her want of hospitality. But the provoking thing was that Mr. Stanniforth did not seem to notice it at alL H he had looked conscious or embarrassed, or had shown any signs of being ashamed of himself, her heart might have softened towards him; but he did nothing of the kind. On the contrary, he totally ignored all previous passages of arms between them, alluded to the Duchess of Retford's ball just as if nothing of a painful nature had occurred on that occasion, and ended by boldly asking Miss Brune to walk round the garden with him and show him the flowers. "We have no flowers worth looking at," she answered, in a very chilling tone; but he declined to be chilled or to believe this assertion ; and the upshot of it was that Nellie had to comply with his request. She walked a few paces in advance of him, pointing out the various flower-beds with her sunshade, and showing by her manner that she was merely acquitting herself of a task, and of an uncongenial one. " Petunias flourish very well here; the calceolarias are a failure this year. This is the rose-garden. It is small, as you see; but the soil is considered good for roses, and my father has been very successful with them. He has taken a great many prizes. In fact, he could tell you all about them a great deal better than I can. Quite at the end of that path_ there is a magnolia-tree which people say is the finest in the county. You can easily find your way, if you care to go and look at it." Mr. Stanniforth laughed outright. "Isee you want to get rid of me," said he ; " but I am too old and too thick-skinned to mind a snubbing. And I am determined to be friends with you before 1 have done with you, Miss Brune." " Then please consider that we have made friends, and that you have done with me," cried .Nellie, with sudden irritability. "I sure I am not quarrelsome ; nobody has ever accused me of being that. I don't think it was very kind or very polite of you to lead me on to make myself ridiculous the other night; but that is all over now, and we need not say any more about it. Probably we shall not meet often again ; so it doesn't matter." "I don't call that making friends," said Tom. Nellie made no rejoinder for some liinutss, and then said, with great deliberation, '"I should have thought you might have been satisfied with having made friends witti everybody in the house except me. What can it possibly signify to yon whether I like or dislike you 1 I don't dislike you personally, if that matteis ; why should I, when I know nothing about you ? But we cau never be really friends ; and you know why. We are hereditary enemies, as the English and French used to be." "Hereditary enemies !—because my father bought an estate of yours ?" No: not because he bought it." " But because he chanced to make money put of it. I wish with all my heart that it had not so happened; but a fair bargain is no robbery for all that." " We won't argue the question," said Nellie calmly. ' I have my notion of a fair bargain, and you have yours. Mr. Stanniforth reddened a little. " I can't allow that this is a case about which there can be two opinion,'' he said. " Really you are very—very " " Wrongheaded?" suggested Nellie, smiling. Her equanimity began to return as her adversary's showed signs of disturbance. " Well, I should not have ventured to use tfce word myself ; but if you think it applicable " " But of course I don't. I think that it is I^who am right and you who are wrong. You are much cleverer than I am, and I daresay that if we went on arguing, you would get the best of it. Only that wouldn't make us any the more friends." " I suppose not. Very well, then, I will be the friend and. you shall be the foe. It will be'uncomfortable, but it can't be helped. In the meantime, I must go back to Margaret and tell her that I have failed ignominiously in my mission." What mission f Nellie asked. " They want you to take a part in the play that young Marescalchi is getting up. Margaret maintained that you would never be persuaded to act on the same stage with me ; but I made bold to say that I could persuade you. I could not suppose, you see, that you would pay me the compliment of cutting off your nose to spite your face." Now, had tniB question of the theatricals been _ broached ten minutes earlier, it is certain that Nellie would have repudiated all connection with them ; but the wiliness of Tom's diplomacy had its effect uyon her. " I don't know what you mean by ' cutting off my nose to spite my face,'" she answered. " I promised Philip ever so long ago that I would act «rhen the time came, and I always keep my engagements." " So the envoy was enabled to state at dinner that night that no substitute for Miss Brune in the forthcoming entertainment need be sought for. Whereupon Mrs. Winnington remarked that in her young days it had not been customary to encourage school girls to give themselves ridiculous and impertinent airs ; and Philip, from the other side of the table, observed that one of the faults of the present system of education was the teaching of accomplishments whish so many of the last generation had shown themselves capable of acquiring without any aid This graceful sally was Philip's sole contribution to the harmony of the evening. He was silent and preoccupied and unlike himself, and Margaret, watching him furtively, feared that he must be ill. The fact wasthat Colonel Kenyon, who had been absent on a visit to some members of his own family, had returned that afternoon, and the sight of the Colonel's face put Philip disagreeably in mind of that encounter at the corner of the Green Park which he had almost succeeded in banishing from his memory. He was reminded of it in a still more direct and unpleasant manner in the smoking - room afterwards, when Hugh attacked him suddenly with— " By the way, didn't I see you walking in Piccadilly the other day?" Philip shook his head. " I haven't been in London at all since I saw you last, except just to drive from one station to another. London in August is rather too hot for people who haven't lived in Madras." " Well, I could have sworn it was you," persisted Hugh. " In fact, I should .have spoken to you if you hadn't been walkingWith a—ladv." "A lady—and in August. For heaven's sake, Colonel Kenyon, don't make these awful accusations when fMrs. Winnington is present, or I shall have to write to Gloucestershire to prove an alibi." Hugh said no more; but he looked rather oddly at the young man, and then Philip knew that he had lied in vain. A moment's consideration, too, showed him that he had lied unnecessarily, which was worse. Why should he not at once have admitted the impeachment, accompanying his admission with a gentle insinuation that it is not always convenient to be recognised ? Had he done so, Kenyon would have been convicted of a breach of good manners, and no slur would have been cast upon himself, save that of being a young man like other young men. But this sensible reflection came too late to be of any' use, and from that day forth Colonel Kenyon's name was added to Philip's list of persons suspected and disliked. The compliment was in some degree reciprocated, perhaps ; but Hugh was not a man who made up his mind hastily for or against any one; moreover, he had promised to be a friend to Marescalchi, and meant to keep his promise. After the latter had left the smoking-room, Tom Stanniforth said, in his brisk, quick way— " That is a clever young fellow, something ought to be made out of him. Margaret is doing her best to spoil him, though." " I don't know what more she could have done for tim than she has done," said Hugh, who, whatever his private opinion may have been, did not choose to hear Margaret criticised by others. " I don't know what more any father could do for his son than to send him to Eton and Oxford, and allow him to choose his own profession." " Bnt the diffeience between a father and Margaret is that a father would make his son understand that, when he had chosen a profession, he must stick to it; or at least that he must fix upon a profession of some kind." Well, he has chosen the law, I believe." " He has changed his mind, it seems. He informed us in a casual sort of way at luncheon yesterday that he didn't mean to be a lawyer, and when somebody asked him what he did mean to be, he said he hadn't the ghost of an idea. Now, you know, that sort of thing will never do. I don't know Margaret well enough to interfere, but you might say a word or two, might you not ? Women don't understand the importance of time in these mattens." " I will speak to the lad himself," said Hugh, a good deal disturbed by this intelligence. And next day, accordingly, he did take an opportunity of expounding to Philip his simple notions of duty. He made his lecture as little didactic as he could ; but he knew that good advice is seldom palatable to youth, and was fully prepareel to receive a civil hint to mind his own business. Philip, however, took his intervention in very good part, and disclaimed all intention of leading an idle life. " I should never make my fortune as a barrister," he said ; " it isn't my line at alL But there are many cither excellent ways of earning one's bread. What should you think of the Church, now?" The Church! Well, really—if you ask me, I must confess I should hardly say you were fitted to be a parson," answered Hugh, a little shocked; for he had an immense reverence for the cloth, and was not very quick at taking up a joke. "Oh, don't you think so? This is very discouraging. I have always been given to understand that, though I might be a little deficient in power of close reasoning, I had great ease of language and a good turn for paradox—just the sort of gifts that are calculated to make a man shine in the pulpit and come to howling grief in a Court of law. And I can't help thinking that I should look very nice in a short surplice and a coloured stole. * The Reverend Philip Marescalchi'— it has a fine ecclesiastical ring. Or perhaps we might say * Father Marescalchi, for I should certainly go in for what old Langley calls ' advanced Church teaching.' How pleased Meg would be! But perhaps, after all, I haven't got a vocation; and the Stock Exchange might be more suitable upon the whole." You know best what you are fitted for," said Hugh, who began to have a dull suspicion that he was being laughed at. Take up any trade or profession that you please, so that you take up one or other. All that I meant to impress upon you was that you ought not to give Margaret a moment's uneasiness, if you can help it." There was no need to impress that upon me," answered Philip. And Hugh, watching him, wondered why he sighed and became grave and sobered all of a sudden. The truth was that Philip's love for Maripret was the strongest feeling of his nature. It was not strong, certainly, in the sense of exercising much influence over his conduct; but it was strong enough to afflict him with occasional twinges of remorse, and sometimes even with wakefulness at night. Some uneasiness he had caused her in the past, and what he had done and proposed to ao, must needs cause her something more than uneasiness in the future. It was liis habit to enjoy the present, and to live for it alone ; butj every now and again, a chance remark or incident would bring his true position vividly before him, and when that occurred, he would fall into sudden and deep despondency, as he did now. The two men had been to the stables, and were crossing the lawn towards the house. As they approached it a carriage drove past, in which was seated a lady who bent forward to look at them. Marescalchi raised his hat, and Hugh mechanically did the same. "Who is that ?" he enquired. " An old friend of yours," answered Philip; " Lady Travers. She pays us a visit of a few hours about twice in the course of the year— when she gets leave from her husband." " Dear me!" exclaimed Hugh ; " so that was Kate Travers. I should never have known her again." "Ah, I daresay she doesn't look as youn; as she did ten years ago. Old Travers lea Is her a deuce of a life. They say he sends for her and beats her whenever he feels one of his bad fits of gout coming on; I don't know whether it's true or not. Anyhow, he won't let a single one of her relations enter his house. For some years, I believe, he devoted all his energies to picking a quarrel with Mrs. Wilmington; but she wouldn't be quarrelled with at any price, and the story is that at last, in despair, he offered her five hundred a year upon condition that she would swear by all she held most sacred never to speak to him again as long as she lived You ought to hear the dear old lady talk about him. ' Poor George ! Such a constant sufferer, and yet such a marvellous constitution ? The doctors say he may last for many years yet. I wish I w-ere able to help poor Kate more in nursing him; but with all my other duties, you know/ &c.;, &c.; The joke of it is that she doesn't know whether to wish for his death or not; for he assuredly won't leave her anything in his will, and it isn't absolutely certain that she would manage to get five hundred a year, or the value of it, out of the widow." Philip's fits of dejection seldom lasted lonj, The incident of Lady Travers's appearance was quite sufficient to divert his thoughts and to enable him, subsequently, to take his full share in the entertainment of the new arrival. Mrs. Winnington was talking to her eldest daughter when Hugh entered the drawingroom. " And how did you leave poor George? Not any better ? How terribly trying it is for you ! I wish it were in my power—oh, yes, my dear, I quite understand that he wouldn't like it; 1 know what gout is,- and how irritable it makes the best of us. Such a, charming ball at the Duchess of Retford's the other night; I half-hoped you might have been there. Edith enjoyed herself immensely." Lady Travers, tall, thin, and pale, with blue eyes half-closed, like her mother's, but with none of that lady's grandeur of presence, got up and held out her hand, saying, with a faint smile and a little sigh, " Well; what have you been doing all these years ?" " I have been growing old," answered Hugh, and then wished he had held his tongue; for in truth time had been far more merciful to him than to his questioner, and the rejoinder which she made was almost an inevitable one. " Like all of us. But you at least are recognisable, which it seems that I am not. I knew you at once, when I drove past you just now; but you didn't know me." "You take no care of vourself whatever, Kate," struck in Mrs. Winnington. " A. woman who neglects her. personal appearance neglects her duty to society. If you go on as you have been doing, you won't be tit to be seen at forty." Lady Travers shrugged her shoulders slightly, and sank back again upon the sofa from which she had risen. She was a faded woman, whose beauty, once famous, was traceable only in the perfect mould of her brow and nose and in the classical ripple of her golden hair. The lips which Hugh remembered so full and red and constantly curved into smiles were thin now and nearly colourless; the contour of the face was rounded no longer ; the chin was sharo, and there were hollows in the cheeks. Hugh's soft heart was touched by the sight of'this melancholy wreck. He seated himself beside the friend of his youth, and began to chat familiarly about bygone days; but he failed to elicit any responsive cheerfulness from her. Perhaps the only privilege that Lady Travers had gained by her elevation in rank was that of not troubling herself to talk when she did not feel inclined; and apparently she did not feel inclined now. At luncheon she only roused herself from her apathy to snub Tom Stanniforth once or twice in a wholly uncalled-for and inappropriate manner; insomuch that Hugh's compassion became worn out at last, and he wondered whether she had driven twelve miles from the countryhouse where she was staying with her gouty Lord merely in order to act the part of a general kill-joy and to say disagreeable things to the most inoffensive and good-humoured of men. Before she went away, however, he heard from her own lips not only that her visit had had a purpose, Dut what that purpose was. It was late in the afternoon, ana her carriage was waiting for her at the door, when she walked quickly across the lawn to the shady bench upon which he was lounging, and announced that she wanted to speak to him. There was a pink flush upon her cheeks, and her manner was as excited as it had hitherto beenpassionless. "Hugh," she said, "I believe you might put a stop to this disgraceful business if you chose to bestir yourself. I am powerless? and unless you make an effort to save the poorgirl, nobody will." " What on earth are you talking about?"' asked Hugh, staring. "About Edith, of course ; you surely don't mean to pretend that you don't know what is going on. Do you intend to sit still with your hands folded and see her married by force to that man Stanniforth, who is old enough to be her father, and whom she detests ?" " But, my dear Lady Travers, don't think she does detest him. As far as I can judge, she likes him very much ; and so does every one else for that matter. As for his age " As for his age, Lord Travers is old enough to be my grandfather. Is that what you were going to say? I should have thought one such marriage was enough for the family." " It isn't exactly my business, you see,' said Hugh ; " but I am bound to say that I think Stanniforth is a capital fellow, and that his wife has every chance of being a happy woman." " That is what Margaret keeps on repeat ing. _ Margaret doesn't care ; she is wrapped up in that theatrical boy of hers; and so long as he gets everything that he wants, she thinks the whole world ought to be contented. Besides, she is afraid of my mother like the rest of us. Mr. Stanniforth may be a very decent sort of man ; I don't say he is not. But if Edith does not love him, she will be miserable with him all the same. I ought to know something about the consequences of a loveless marriage, if anybody does." This was so undeniable that Hugh though it wisest to ignore the observation. It alsc struck him that Lady Travers would have shown better taste if she had kept her domestic Misfortunes to herself. "Well," he remarked, "she has only to refuse him. Stanniforth isn't an ogre, whan all is said." " Only to refuse him !" echoed Lady Tra vers scornfully ; " that is so easy and simple, is it not ? As if you did not know what we Winningtons are ! We are as weak as water, the whole of us, and my mother has always made us do exactly what she pleased In my case it was not altogether her fault; I wanted to be a countess ; I thought it would be a fine thing; and I had my reward. Edith, poor child, is not so ambitious. All she wants is to be allowed to marry the man of her choice ; and if by any means I can save her from such a life as mine haa been I will do it." " The man of her choice ? There is such a person, then ?" " Never mind about that," answered Lady Travers, laughing a little. "Indeed I don't know myself whether there is or not. She writes to me sometimes, and from different things that she has said I fancied that there might be somebody. But that, after all, is not the important matter." "Well, I don't know," said Hugh; "I think it is rather important. Because, if she - didn't happen to care for any one else, it seems to me that Tom Stanniforth " "Oh, bother Tom Stanniforth!" interrupted Lady Travers impatiently. "I am sick of hearing of all his good qualities. I tell you that if he were an angel from heaven it would make no difference." Hugh rubbed his nose in perplexity. "But what would you have me do?" he asked; " why do you come to me ?" "Because people always do come to you when they are in trouble, and because there is nobody else," answered Lady Travers conclusively. " You can do a great deal to prevent it, if you will only try. You can get Margaret over to her side, for one thing, and that will be so much gained. You might speak to the man himself, too, if necessary; and you are not frightened of my mother, I suppose. I must not stay any longer. I am behind my time as it is, and I shall be made to suffer for it. Now remember, Hugh, count upon you to do your best. Perhaps may be able to help a little by-and-by; but I can't be sure. Good-bye." And with that she hastened away to her carriage, leaving Colonel Kenyon to sink down upon the bench again, muttering something that was not exactly a blessing upon womankind in general. "It is tune that I made a stand against this kind of thing, you know," said ne to himself. "If one lot of these good people mean to continue egging me on to defeat the designs of the other lot, a day will certainly come when they will fall upon me with one accord, and, after beating me to death, will shake hands over my prostrate body. Why am I to be singled out to do everybody's dirty work, I should like to know ? Already this morning I have been preaching to one of them, snd have got sneered at for my pains ; and now, if you please, I am to interfere between mother and daughter, and, in all probability^ to make myself offensive to the one person in tha world whom I would cut off my hand sooner than offend. It's out of ill reason to expect me to do it. At the same time, if it were in any wav possible to outmanoeuvre that old harridan " " Has Kate^ been with you all this time ?" asked Mrs. Winnington, appearing suddenly from behind a clump of evergreens at his back. "We were wondering how it was that we did not hear the carriage drive away. What have vou been talking about?" And Hugh, with a guiltv air, answered vaguely, " Oh, about all sorts of things." 