Wit and H&mottr.; Talmage says, ' Men of talent and ? oommanding intellect are never good dancers,' That is the first time we have seen any public allusion to our awkwardness in dancing. ?? How are you getting along ?' asked a widow of her late husband, who appeared to her at midnight as a ghost; Ghost Very well, indeed— much better than during my twenty years married life on earth. Widow (delighted)— Then you are in heaven?' 'Oh, no.' ' Apropos of youthful prodigies 'who 'improvise,' Le Temps relates a story of Kalkbrenner's childhood, when one day he was to ?' improvise »' in public, but after Btrikicg two or three chordB, he turned and said with all simplicity : ' Papa, I've for gotten the rest !' , : ? '' A mac with a dlver-Dlated. double back- action coin. holder came into the sanotiim the other day, and commeaced ex plaining the beauties of . the article for holding silver halves, &c;, and he had got half, through before he found out he was in a printing office. ' When be saw bis mistake he went to the door, sadly opened it, and kicked himself dear down stairs. : *' You havea distinguished compwoy here,1' remarked old M'Shoddeigh, who was. the first to make his appearance at the select supper given by his 'city fciend. ,''. Distinguished the deuce I ' said the host ; ' they are the waiters; Very few of the guests have yet arrived.' It was a mistake that might be made at almost any select supper on the English plan. ? ' A man went into a drug store and asked for something to cure a headache. The druggist held atiottlo of hartshorn to his nose, and he ^as pearly overpowered by its pungency: As soon as he recovered, he began to rail at the druggist and threatened to punch his, head. ' But' didn't it help your head ache P' asked the apothecary. 'Help ,my headache t' gasped the man. 'I haven't any headache. It's'my wife that's got the -. headache X' .. : ? --.?'. - - ?. A prominent physician says, that if mothers did not take up the sensclfess prattle of babies and hurl it back at them under the plea that it is 'baby talk,' children 'would learn sooner how hear. That's the ideal Instead of saying of soapy water : 'I ? doesn't link it tastes dood,' you can just as well have Mr. Two- ? year-old observe : « The taste of soap combined with aqueous ? fluid is not agreeable to me.' ' ' ? 41 1 don't see,' observed a. young miss of sweet seventeen ? andti-half springs, as she stood before the mirror, last Sunday ? morning, toning up the colour in her .cheeks and making other ? preparations to listen to a sermon on ' All is Vanity ' — ' I don't ? see why z. Quaker lady should ever have a desire to go to church.' ? , ' Why, what do you mean, ,Clara ? ', asked, her fashionable ? mother, as she inserted a diamond pin in some fluffy lace stuff B around her neck. ' Why, you know, ma, that a Quaker woman ? wears the plainest kind of clothes, and her style of bonnet doesn't ? change once a year.' ' ? ' ,. . pa Many years ago, when new sects in New England began ? to break the good old Congregational barriers, and make incur- ? ? sions into the sheepfolds of the regular -clergy, a reverend ' divine, I . a man of good sense and good humour, encountered aa irregular ? practitioner, at the house of one of his flock. They had a pretty ? hot discussion on their points of differenoe, and at length the ? interloper wound up'by saving: ' Well, 'Doctor, you'll at least ? allow that It was commanded to preach the Gospel to every ? critter t' 'True,' rejoined the. Doctor, -'true enough. .But m then I never heard it was commanded to every 'critter' to ? preach the Gospel.' . ? - : .... ' ? A calm, blue-eyed, self-poaseBBed young lady received a I long call from a prying old spinster, -who, alter prolonging her ? stay beyond even.her own conception of the young lady's endur- ? ance; came to the main question whioh had brought her thither. ? ' X have been^sked a good jnany 'times if you are engaged to ? Doctor C. Now, if 'folk inquire again' whether you he or not, ? what shall I tell 'em I think?' . 'Tell them,' answered the ? young lady, fixing her calm blue eyes in unwavering steadiness ? . upon the inquisitive features of her interrogator, *' that yoji sthink ? you ? don't know, and that . you are sure it is none of your busi- ? ness.' ? ? ??'.??. .... ? A Chicago man .who made a big fortune in the latest pork ? deal went to England to polish up a bit on the '''hang the ? expense ' method. He saw a hat and a pair of boots he admired ? very much in a window. The hat had a cockade on the side that I pleased him exceedingly. It -had not been introduced into Chi- I oa|ro, and he Was bound to have the newest thing out. After I paying for the hat he said he would take the boots, too, if they ? fitted. 'Oh, you can't wear those .boots with that hat, you I know,' said the salesman. ' Why can't If' demanded the mil- I lionaire. 'I guess I can pay for them.' 'Oh, certainly,' I returned the man smoothly, ' but, you see, that's a footman's hat I and these are xsoaohman's boote.' ? I -.** Paddy Murphy,' in a recent issue of the Dunedin I Saturday Advertiser, writes very amusingly about Rotorua. ? I SCECUJi IPIBTOL. I Auckland, Feby. 15, 1882. I rm just abontfinishing my Northern tower, an' r start to-morrow I back to the Kay at -Willinton. Roily has axed me to write a pome I on thenew township o' Rotorua tbit the Governiniat are. pattin1 I 'into the market. , I'd not had time to viut the spot, but wid the I help av a lively imaginashun, Fve been able to pin the fol- I lowin':— ' ' . - . , I Te sweet an' ivertcbuneful Nine, I Who on Parnassus Mount do shine, '' ' I Sindine some inspiraHbn fine, * - I . Tosingo'.^RotoroA. r^ I ? Disiind wid all yer lovely wings, -' - I And lind me aidr just -while I sings I The praises o' the Thannal-springs, I ' ' ' J.I Beyaht in Rotorua. I 8ir William Fox, K.C.M.O., , . . I Swairs that he ni ver y)t did see . 1 8ich,pitctchure- esk-u sceneree, ?'? , ;? I '.- i :':? ..jas lovely Itotorua. . I *Tis there the purty wathera pure I Keepbubblin'upsohot; -an'eure ? We'll guarantee a perfect cure ., ? At healthy Rotorua. . 'Tib there the Moa loves to roam ; Whiniver he is found at home, Ye'll see him batbin' in the foam At lovely Rotorua. ?Tifl there that purty Hinymo v Be Cupid's arrow was laid low, Her sable ringlets used to flo* . An' float on Rotorua. 'Tis there that Dpcthor Ferdinand ; - . VonHockstetterputupajBtand An' sould bis Hock an' soda grand, At charmin' Eotoraa. 'Tis' there they niver need a fire, The wather to yer heart's desire ? WillbUe— that's why me tcbuneful liar Is praisin' Rotorua, ?Tis there the people nivir ait 6ich vulgar stuff as bread an' mait; ? Brimstone an* thraicle— eure as fate— Is used at Rotorua. ? 'Tis there the sable-colleens duress In Jfachure's garmints— -riothin' less ; Aitch big black eye an' raven thress . Shines bright At Rotorua. Oeh, had X Homer's anshint pin . P.d praise the charmin' spot agin* ; A sweet rethrait from toil and din Is lovely Rotorua. Pii-Dt Uuuax. 