CONCERT AT WODONGA* (FROM A CORRESPONDENT.) A performance styled the "Queen of the Flowers Operetta" was given here on Friday evening last for tbe very laudable purpose of assisting a poor woman and her family who were in distress. Tbe result was highly satisfactory, something over £7 nett being handed over to the poor family, which it is to be hoped will put them over their trouble. They expressed sincere gratitude for the kindness extended to them. A word about the performance, which certainly deserves mention :— The hall was beautifully decorated with a grand assortment of flowers, for which I believe many gardens in town suffered. The scenery was also neatly hung with greenery aud flowers, all very tastefully arranged. It was in reality an agreeable surprise to the audience when the curtain rose and about thirty handsome young ladies appeared, all in theatrical attire, with wreaths and coronets, &c.; Some of the costumes were very handsome and much admired, and must have entailed a great deal of care and expense; in fact no one expected such an elaborate display, which was really worthy of a larger city. I heard strangers say that they never expected to see anything so grand in Wodonga. However, we have the talent here, and it will come to tbe front when the occasion requires it. The performers were received with a perfect tornado of applause. The opening chorus, " We are the flowers," was rendered in a style, I should say, seldom equalled by amateurs, and the way it was sung, in stage phraseology, brought down the house. It may scarcely be the correct thing to give special mention to some of the singers, as all seemed to do their very best, but justice would not be done without mentioning a few ol the leading spirits in the play. Miss Ma6on, who took the part ot "the Queen," sang beautifully and acted her part with spirit and animation ; she did it to perfection. Mr. S. Mason, as " the Sunflower," was very effective, and performed his part |with a confidence, which showed be was no novice at the business. MiBS Amy Bambrick, as 11 the Lily," really looked very nice, the handsome costume she had provided for the occasion suiting her to a " T. She has a rich melodious voice, and is not afraid to use it; ehe went through ber part with energy and grace. Miss D. Bambrick's rendering of " Touch me not" was highly appreciated by the audience ; her acting in this part was really worthy of a professional, and the singing was very nice indeed. Master James Bam brick was very vigorous in his part, and made a determined effort to appropriate tbe crown, which, however, he did not get. Miss Margaret O'Oallaghan, as "Crocus," sang her part correctly and in very good style, and considering tbat this is only her second'appearance I think she should be congratulated on the result Mr. O'Brien as " the Recluse," had a part to act which was not popular with the audience. However, Mr. O'Brien's actiug and singing were simply perfect, and he got through his part in way which shows he is an able singer aud a graceful actor. The play without Mr. O'Brien would be like " Hamlet" without the " ghost." Mrs. Anstey, who as a pianist cannot be excelled, scted as musical directress ; onsequently the whole affair went as smoothly s well-oiled machinery. Misses Osborne, Fleming, Mitchell, Wig*, and O'Oallaghan also deserve special mention, for they made the choruBes a success. The very young ladies who acted as "the Heatherbells" took their hearers by storm, tbe general remark being " Those children sing beautifully and in perfect harmony." They looked the picture of perfect happiness, and seemed to enjoy their part immensely. They sang their choruses very sweetly, and the audience seemed as if they would never tire of listening to them ; each of the little ones sang as if the success ot the whole affair depended on her i individual efforts. The operetta concluded; with two tableaux, one being "The Old Woman who Lived in a Shoe," and the other " The Nine Muses." They were arranged very artistically, and the young ladies looked : really handsome. It is a pity that there were: no appliances available for producing the lime-: light, as this would have made it perfect The Wodonga Brass Band generously volunteered their kind assistance gratuitously, and this made the performance more effective, as they filled up the intervals with delicious music. Mr. O'Oallaghan came forward before the conclusion of the play and explained the object of the performance. He also briefly thanked the audience for their assistance in making it a success, and said it was pleasant to see all uniting in the good work of charity. All deserved praise for helping, but the young ladies who proposed, promoted, and assisted to carry tbe act to final completion deserved, and had obtained, the good wishes of the community. THE LAW RELATING TO GUARANTEES.—The following is the text of tbe " Act to Amend the Law Relating to Guarantees," assented to on 2lBt November:—"No special promise to be made by any person after the passing of this Act, to answer for the debt default or miscarriageof another person, being in writing and signed by the party to be charged therewith or some other person by him thereunto lawfully authorised, shall be deemed invalid to support an action suit or other proceeding to charge the person by whom sucn promise shall have been made, by reason only that the consideration for such promise does cot appear in writing, or by necessary inference from a written document" 