STORY OF A SIN. [By the Author of M Comin' thrf the Rye. BOOK IL—REAPED. Chapter VIII. 'Twas he Gave heat unto the injury which returned, Like a petard ill-lighted into the bosom Of him gave fire to't. There followed on that visit to the Towers a period of the most perfect rest and happiness that Mr, Eyre had ever known, for his fears of Hester being lulled to sleep by Frank's assurance that Hester was more determined to avoid an interview with Madcap than the latter was to obtain it, and also a keen sense of having re covered something that he had almost lo3t, gave a charm, a zest to the merest trifle of every-day existence in Madcap's company, so that, unconsciously to himself, he was going through the phase that Madcap had done after Frank had told her that he was the sinner, not Mr. Eyre. It was one of those ideal autumns that renew the senses with all the vividness without the langor of spring, and late October itself brought no shroud of fog, and only an added charm and brilliancy of atmosphere that kept Madcap and the chil dren out and about all day, often with Mr. Eyre, though oftener still with Frank. Josephine would shrug her shoulders in despair as she followed the quartette, it was all eo different to what she had ex pected ; and somehow that lying in wait tor the ghost had never taken place, oue reason, perhaps, being, that the apparition had not for a long time past appeared. About this time she would, with locked doors at night, gloat over certain trinkets and gewgaws that had lately come into her possession, though sometimes a shuddering thought of the coin in which they were to be paid for, would make her hide them, even from her own eyes. Between the two women was no spoken contract, but Josephine knew how, gradu ally, and in such a way as to disarm suspicion, Hester was makiDg her arrange ments to leave the village, •' to join her own people," she said, with a brightness on her face that seemed to tell of the welcome with which they would receive her. The village opinion had veered round towards her during the six months she had dwelt among them, her utter indif ference to the effect her beauty produced upon the men, her acquaintance with Frank limited to a few words spoken on both sides when by chance they met, her pas sionate devotion to Mr. Eyre's child that by some strange hallucination (or so the villagers thought) she believed to resemble her drowned child, had earned the respect of more than one wife and mother, though they wondered greatly that she should willingly leave the child in whose very life flhe seemed hound up. There were many prayers put up for Madcap in the village at this time, the chief being that a woman-child might be born to her, and so win Mr. Eyre for the first time to love a child of his own for the sake of its resemblance to its mother. " I think if I'd got a new-born baby to lie in my arms," said Hester one day in late October, when the gossips were wondering what yule-time would bring to the Red Hall, " I could bear to let one of the other onesgo. Couldn't you V' she added sud denly to Sally of the mill. " I dont know," said Sal ruminatingly. " You see, we grumble when they're" coming, and there's the pain—but there ain't a true • woman that hates the chiid for that. But somehow, whether it's Tommy or Folly, or Mat or Bill, they make their way to our hearts, and we can't abide to lose them, even if the burial club do pay up hand some, and we have the satisfaction of know ing they're comfortabler up top as cheru bims, where, having no stomachs, they can't feel hungry like, as they do more or less down below. And what with washing days, and a husband getting tight most Saturday nights," she added reflectively, il The chillen gets a poor time of it; but there, you've got the mother's heart, and you understand," she added, clutching Hester's unriDged. hand with her own weather beaten honest one. Early in November there was circulated one day in the viilage a report of Mrs. Eyre's sudden and premature illness. Hes ter was one of the first to hear it, and scarcely awaiting to cloak herself made her way to the Red Hall, and unobserved as she thought reached the nursery by the door that led from it to the garden. It was about 2 o'clock, and in the cfoar J" autumnal air the house wore an unwonted look of cheerfulness and peace, so that on i looting at it one noticed less of the frown thrown from the rock behind it, than the red banners flung by the sun on its many windows, and so gfving warmth to the otherwise cold colorrogof the facade. Is she dead? thought Hester, as she turned the handle and went in, struck by the quiet that reigned in the nurseries. As 6he went forward, trembling and afraid, sbeheard a step behind her, and turning, came face to face with Mr. Eyre, who had seen her enter, and followed. She neither moved nor spoke, but stood a petrified image of detected guilt, feeling that what she had perilled her soul and her vew to Madcap to win, had escaped her. *• What is your errand here ?" he said, his old suspicious returning in full force as he marked each sign of guilty terror written on her face. " You were looking for my wife ?" he added quietly. A Budden gleam shot across her features. He had suggested to her an idea, and she boldly seized upon it as a bulwark be hind which to shelter her real intention. "Why not?" she said sullenly. "She was kind to me. I have a mind to see her —she wants to see me. Times and times I have got out of her way; but now I would like to have a word with her be fore it is too late; for she is ill, they say. and she might be beyond my reach to-mor row. She isn't dead ?" she added, struck by the curious change that had passed over Mr. Eyre's face. " Dead!" he repeated, the hatred of his glance, the scorn of his voice, keen as the Stab of a knife to her heart; "andyou living ? But you tempt fate," he added abruptly. " I gave you your warning once before; I give it you now again. Make one more effort to see her, and the conse quences be on your own head." "You told me that before," she said slowly, " and I might have listened to you then. I'd only got a taste of happiness; and a bouI that's faint with starving will sometimes lay the hit of food down, feeling that she's got beyond it, and it's easier to die than to worry on; hut when you have got to love your life, and morning, noon, and night your heart cries out to be fed, it isn't in human nature to go away to oblige somebody who's been cruel to you from the beginning."^ Warpeu and siuicifled as was the woman's instinct of right, even now it yet stirred in her towards the father of her dead child. She could have forgiven him, she thought, if it had lived in his image, representing the good he might have brought to her life, and not the evil; hut implacable and stern, Mr. Eyre stood, the judge, not the sharer in the sin, and the moment of relenting scorched up in her breast as suddenly as it had been horn. "You can he reached through her," she said, with one of those impulses of reckless untruth that sometimes will sweep a good as well as a had woman away, " if she came in here now this minute. I'd tell her before your eyes. It wouldn't take long to Bay, ' Tour husband is the father of my dead child. Lord Lovel told you a lie.' She came close to him, possessed by a rage that tempted violence, hut Mr. Eyre returned her glance with a calmness that still further maddened her. "Perhaps you'll keep us apart after all," she said, " but deeds can speak as well as words; and when you see her heart wrung, and her cheek white with misery, perhaps you'll understand a little of what I felt when I lost my baby." She ceased abruptly, terrified lest she she should have given him a clue, but as Bhe moved a step away, her foot struck against something that lay on the ground. "Her lips quivered, her eyes softened as she stooped and lifted the little shoe and put it to her lips, crying out below her breath, "Oh, my little lovel my little angel! I am good when you are in my arms—and I don't hate her then—I'm not jealous of her then." If a woman had been by she must have understood what was in this poor wretch's beart, but Mr. Eyre saw nothing in the outburst but one frenzied woman's jealousy of another, salved over in her own eyes by a sentimental fondness for a child. " Go!" he said, and held the door open. " Shall I ?" she said, pushing hack the masses of black hair from her wild beauti ful eyes. "Ay, but I'll come back. You shan't turn me from my purpose; I'll carry it out to the end." " Unless you die first," he said. "Die!" she repeated; "and may not she die, as well as other psople? Have you ever thought of that—how Borne day you may lose her, and so get your punishment at last ? Even now she is ill " " Who said so ?"cried Mr. Eyre, starting. " So that touches you," she said, bitterly ; " But when your child suffers—is not that his voice ?" she added abruptly, and went to the window and looked out. Madcap approached with the children, her straw bonnet pushed back, her face glowing with health and happy smiles as the hoys ran beside her. A look of bitter jealousy clouded Hester's face SB she gazed; perhaps she had never before been so struck by the difference in their two lots than at that moment; and Mr. Eyre, catching that look, was to be excused if afterwards it came back to him with a significance at once fatal and sinister. As the three disappeared, Hester moved to the door, but paused on the threshold and looked at Mr. Eyre. •' I'll come hack," she said, " You may think to Eave her from me, but you won't; perhaps after all there won't be a word spoken between us; but I'm going to reach her heart for all that—and if she dies, mind it's not I that killed her, but you— your sin and your punishment;" then, wrapping herself more closely in her cloak, hurried down the steps and was gone. 