E D G K I) T 0 O L S. By the* Author of ' King Cophktua ; on, Ituur Nauru's Lovers,' ' Rose op the Would/' ifcc., in tlio Family lle-ald ,( Cuapteu 1. A warm drowsy smell of inig-uoniu'tte stealing- in through the closed Venetians, a canary t.vitti-mijr a luzy song- in tin* bow wimlow, uiiJ on tlio chintz covorud conch at tho foot of tho boil a slpemn.r pirl smiling to hcrsolt us sho lius tlieiv, her hand undor her uhi'i'k, 11 prottvidlo heap of blue inu-iliii mid fair locks and heafty cream-white flesh nud blood. ^ A. straw hat uud nil empty (ishing creel lay on the lloor iu thu middle of the fresh, uiri1 hedroom, with its bright colour-', mil glass, ample wardrobe, and little soft white bed. Everything was gay and modern, — bath, books, birds, flowers, all the sinnll deliu-litsof it youu ; girl's life — except the room itself, which had narrow windows, n high carved mantle piece nud oaken doors, and .which ap peared to be ceiiiiirios old. 0 1 t.ho book- shnlves thnt hung near tin' head of 1 ho bed Miss Thackeray's exquisite stories stood between a Trea tise 011 Fly-Fishing and a report of tlio ltuggcii Schools, which were in turn supported by the Qoltltm . Treasury and Christina Rossefti's poems. A bust of Tennyson looked calmly down from au oaken bracket, and photographs of Gounod nud Nilssuu and Guponl com meinorutHii the only opera the voung occupant, of the ruomhuiJ overheard. It was get ting late. The bars of sun shine that, had pierced through the Venetian blinds grow fainter, a bell clanged, distune doors opened nud shut, but still tho sleepy «irl lay and smiled with her cheek on her hand and did not stir. Then t'10 door opened, and .same one cnino into the room — an elderly lady in a hmiilsoiho grey silk gown, and a key busked in her hand, who bent down to kiss to die girl's forehead and said — ' Lesley, Sir Jolm is asking for you He is iu his study.' Lesley opened hex1 ej'es, as lilno as two summer flowers, arid with a little yuwu looked up. , ' Must I go down, Dolly V she asked. ' Of course.' ' Who is— is there any one with papa.' ' Doctor Swavne has beeu here for somo timu//-.-;,.' _-. . . './. Lesley laughed, stretched herself, and stood up, shaking out the 'tumbled: folds of her idue muslin dross and ; the abun dunco of -.rough.; blond.* i hair -tlidt7 fell down below' her waist. .-?..' [., ';? ' Dolly,' she said,, goinsj'to .her long glass and lookingut herself, 'lam goiuj to get such a scolding.. Arou'iyoii sorry tor me V- '??- ??- ...?.?;?.-'?' ??.?'-'?'?.-??'??'? 'Wv- ??-????:y :. ' iVot if you dosorvo it, child,' was the composed uiiswurj ? -.' uud 1 have no doubt you d6;'-' '.'-.' js .-:'.., ???;??' ''-V. ? ---?-?/ ?? .?-. ' Gross old thing }' pouted Lesley, smoothing the fair littlo Gruinborongli fringe 011 her forehead, dud then turuiiij and putting, hyr arms round- her goveru ness, and squeezing her iu a childish hug. 'Oh, Dolly, Dolly,1 she cried, guily, ' why aro ineii' such fools ? . And wlmt business had Alexander Swuyuo ever to bn born at all ?'??? ' You are keeping Sir John waiting,' said Mrs. Powleit, her eyes shining kindly enough on the wilful young. bi-nuty. . ? Making a little grimace of dismay, Lesley turned, and .lied from the room, across a corridor, down a short flight of shallow, thi.-ltly-carpeted staim, and into a square ouk-paunelled hall filled with the luto suusliiue thae was stream ing in through wide-upou 'rose-framed windows. '? ' ????.??? . '???-?? At thostudy-.loorshepausudand tried t' compose her face before entering, biting her lips, and smoothing the re bellions dimples out of her cheeks with both hands. ?Thank goodii'-ss, it is ne'tr dinner time!' she thought. 'Pupa's lecture enn't ?lust long.' And so she turned the handle nnd wont in. 'At la t !' exclaimed a robust red faced man woariug a grey sh'iiting jauket ami leather gaiters. 'At last!' And. breaking otf in the irnpatiVut tattoo lin liad been beating on the table by whicli Iib sat. and threw liiinsoli' buck iu his ? chair, and thrust his hands into his pockets, as .Lesley approached, demurely holding down her head. There -wus another person in the study — a tall young mail with red curs, who was fidgetiug ami I'ooldng the picture 01 angry distress as lie' sit on the other sida of tho table, facing Miss Bell. lie 1 »iked at her rather piteously as she 'outcrdd. and then fell to' squeezing his hat iu his hands ami nervously tracing tlic pattern of tho cnrjiHt with tho too of liis clii!i)s- boot../ Lesley iKiver raised her eyes. ? 'Lfisley,' Sir John hfgan, witli a:i evideut dotcrmiuut.iou to be us cool as circumstances would permit,' ' have the goodness to explain this matter to me. Doctor Swayao bus called on me to 'nay he is about to leave Ghatton.' ' Indeed, papa !' slid Lesley, meekly, a* her father paused for a reply. ' Wheu I inquire the reasoii of this sudden decision, he heats abont the hush for an hour, and at last rulers me to .you !' ....... ' To me, papa ! -Lesley raised, her long lashes with an 11 ir of the gentlest surprise -. ' Yes, to you. I can't conceive what interest my daughter can have, ouo wtiy or the other, in Doctor Swuyue's move ments. Perhaps you will enlighten me ?' Lesley— the dimples coming into play again about her chin — looked down at a little blue ring which she was tu-ning round ati'l round on her linger, and did not spunk... ' Lesley,' cried her lather, with an energetic thump on tho table which made bthe ponderous bronzo inkstand jingle, ' I insist upon an auswor ! What have you to say toJDnctor Swayue ?.?? ' Nothing, papa.' Miss Boll's voice trembled with supprosse.lvlaughter. 'I fold Doctor Sway ue this morning that. I would have nothing to say to him.' A mischievous ray shot from her blue eyes at the Doctor, who coloured more than ever, and seemed to meditate making a bolt through the window and across the grassy quulrangle on to which it opened. ' And what had called for such a declaration on your part?' inquired Sir John, with ? labornte composure. ' A declaration on Doctor Swaync's part, papa, lie had just osked me to 00 Mrs. Swayne.' Hero iMiss Be!l laughed outright, in uucontrnllubie en-, joyment of the, situation, regardless of her father's incredulous puzzled stare and the Doctor's fiory face. This lust gentleman took courage now to speak. i; 'Yes, Sir John/ ho stammered, 'I admit that I wa«— was absurd enough to — to propose to Miss Bell.' 'Upon my word!' gasped Sir John, rising. ' I could no help loving her before I knew, ns 1 know now, thnt sho has no heart at all — only hor lovely loco— to give to any mnu.' Miss Lesley breathed a sad littlo acquiescent sigh. ???'. ' There is m- provision in nature, un fortunately, against poor men falling in love — and I did love your daughter — ijn four hundred iiounds a year, anil I 'was insane enough, to imagine that she night take pity on me.' Doctor Swayuo '-as cooling down now, and speaking with a good deal of quiet force, though ho could not keen his foolish eyes away from the urcii blonde fuco that was smiling so care lessly on his pain. 'Am I to understand from your last remark, Doctor Swayue thut Miss Boll ever encouraged that belief V Sir John's voice was ominously quiet. There wus a paise, and then the sound of a man's sigh, short. and fierce. ' No,' Alexander .'Swayne said, curtly. ' I wus a fool^tliut is;a.lf. Yourdaugliter cannot help : being so'r— so charming, Sir John, and I dare say she did not calculate the efl'pct that a few. kind words woiilii have on a— ^on on -idiot like me.'. -., .;' .,-. ??,__; . ? ?' ;: ; ?-. . ? - : -'ir John turned -angrily to ''Mil's daughter. ; ' 'f -.'?.- ':'1;-'-;\:.y-. ? ''v ' Wlmt ' kinid; nijrds^fhavo j'ou per mitted yoursRlf.fp^sayjV- lie 'demanded '. that you have so greatly misled this gentleman V . -V ' ;' ?; .;' ;- '?? ?' I can't remembor any, papa7 ? -. .'Try;!'.' ;.--, ^ \ ,...-' .-/?; -' Lesley: put her finger' to her chin with a pretty air of. giving tho matter her griivest^consideration, but the -Doctor, starting iipjbeagod^ that the scene might end. ^ -r ?:;::.: .? ' ;; !; ; :' .; ^ / ? ' I huve.no one hue myself to blame,' he admitted, sadly .enough; 'and if Miss Bell is incapable of seoiug.'dny but the ludicrous side of a' country doctor's iVttachmeut ton Baronet's daughter, it is,' 1 suppose, because she has never felt jr Riitt'rod very deeply herself us yet.' -;. Another little sigh of mocking self )ity fom Miss Lesley cut short the Doctor's admission. 'I shall ho betcer away from, every :hing that can remind, me of my folly,' ib said, moviuK from the table. 'I am lfraid it has come between mo and my duty toouof.en already.' ? . Very manly nud dignified did Alex lnder 'Swayno look then, in spito of his iwkward manner and blushing face. So Sir John seemed to tin uk too, tor lie held out his hand to theyounK man with some muttered expressions ofrogret and good-will.\ '??;????; ??_. __: v v ; ? ;' .-? ' Say good-bye to Doctor Swayno,' he said, sternly to his daughter. 'It is not likely that he will care to see you again.' .'...- Lesley advanced and smilingly offered a cool little hand to her rejected suitor —but Doctor S.\ ay ne only bowed ovi«r it with sad eyes'-'.phd turned away ; whereupon the young lady, shrugging] her shoulders anil smiling still, sat down 1 dud began to draw faces on the blotiing { pad. 1 Sir John took up his wideawake and J went himself with his departing visitor through the window- and across the quadianjrle. The sun wns sinking behind the stately, elms, of the , pajk, which lay dark and sombre under the glowing salfron sky ; home-flying rooks »ere sui'iug- slowly by; a li 11 nil red ? oilours blew iu .from the wide- stretching I giinlens. . . ?; Lesley watched her father holding the Doctor for some minutes in earnest conversation, and then onco more shaking him by tho hand, and she repeated thnt careless littlo shrug of her shoulders. But, when Sir John ret.rnnod to the' study, nil hur smiles had flown, and she was 'looking decidedly cross. 'Papa, have you done scolling 1110 V sho asked, coming to his .side and lean ing hor face against his arm. 'I shall be lute fordinner.' Sir John lifted the Ihce— fresh, downy blooming — iu his two groat brown hands,' and looked down at it in n kind of wonder. ' Late for dinner!' ho echoed. 'That is vour elegv on n brave man's heart, is it'?' Lesley poiir.cd. ' Lesley, child, I wonder where your, mother's daughter got such a hard little soul ? Not. from her.' Sir John sighed. ' Her eyes were of thoso that grow . Ti'inlnr over (liawniii).' fllun. What mnkes you so cm.il, child V 'I'm not cruel, - papa.' Lesley was standing on tip-too now, nud planting little kissps nil over his suuimrnt face, on eyes and chin nud checks and grizzled board. ' Only men cry out when they are htirt.' ? - ? ? 'They don't cry out beforo thoj' are hurt, us a rule. Why couldn't you let Swayno alone V ? lie wouldn't -lot me let him alone, papa. Ho followed 1110 about like a big poodle. When I went to the village to seo-my poor people, be would watch for me, and insist on currying the basket for Dolly, and blush and ogle me over the children's sick beds. \- Out ? ' ' I told Doctor Swayno you did not approve of my walking through thn viliugo with gentlemen, bat ho would come. I suppose he thought ho did not count, pnpn ' — with a lust kiss on tho tip of her father's sunburnt noso. ' I nm so hungry — may I jj-o?' With another sigh Sir John took his arms from round his pretty dnnghter. 'How old are you, Lesley?' ho asked. ' Six'epii nirl four months, pupa.' ' And just four months iitro 1 bail to endure uuothi'i- scene like this of to-ilsiy with our nnigiib ur, Mr Groker. Lesley this won't do.' . . -- - 'Of course it won't, pnpn. That is what 1 told them both. I didn't want to be Mrs. Swayue. and ns for Mr. Groker — a girl may uot innrry hor grand father.' ? 'Lesley, I solemnly declare that if I have anothcrapplication lor your luinil this year — if I see tho ghost of another, lover round tho place — I — -I'll marry again, anil then you'll huvo .some one to keop you in order !' ' Do, pupa ! 'Marry Dolly. .Sho would make such a nice, couilbrtublo stop-mamma !' ' 'I tim quite seiious, child — so mind. I begin to feel tho clmrgu of so innuli coquetry nud levity bound in bhu muslin too much for me, Look to it now. And tell Mrs. Powlett shu is not linlf strict onough with you— do you hour V :: ' Yes, papu. Do you wish mo tudino in iiiy blue muslin binding, bociiiiso ? ?' 'There — you my go — bo' off!' . Aud Lesley run out of the room with an ex clamation of relief. '?..-, ' ; L'i'o be jjpntinued.j ? _ ' c. ' 