BY DAVID CHRISTIE MURRAY. [Published by special arrangements with the author. Ail rights resencd. CHArTElt IV. Jack Cameron, arrived at his own-rooms, sat down witli.a book before him, and made a dogged pretence of reading. His. chum lit a pipe, and regarded him with troubled, friendly eyes. Jack's book was of smallvalue to him, as you may fancy, except as a shield for his emotion; but he react on steadily, line after line, and page, after page, under standing nothing. Ho had already shown more than lie cared to show, and was resolved . to keep a guard upon himself for the future, hut his heart was full of rage and wounded love and pride ; and these passions rushing through him every now and again like a very tempest, lie had much ado to keep his limbs still. To be in love means much to a clean hearted youngster. Youhave jogged along with the crowd, content to be no" better than your neighbors, satisfied with an every-day morality and commonplace ambitions after money and worldly ease, and all on a sudden some.beauti ful new presence dawns upon your life; and beckons you to a level .you had done no more than dream of. And this sweet presence, which bears actual airs of heaven with it, grows more and more lovely and beneficent, and beckons you higher and higher, and smiles kindlier and kindlier, until in. some unguessed of moment it turns with a face, of hideous derision and mocks your folly. This is to.be jilted for money. Your soul risea- in despair and self-disdain, and the goddess of your worship tells y.ou that the love of woman is a cheat, and a heart of cankered brass a poor lad's only safeguard. All this was-true to Jack Cameron, because he believed it to he true. He would not have been the honest lad he was if many doubts had- not reached his heart. Loyalty finds it hard to- believe in disloyalty. Cassidy watched his friend almost with terror, his quiet seemed so un natural, and in a while his fears assumed, a shape so threatening that he stole from the sitting-room and locked up his friend's razors. " This kind of thing," he said to himself, gloomily, " has ended that way before, now." After an hour or two spent] in. trying quiet, Jack rose and filled his pipe, and at this sign Cassidy began to bustle about the room and to set glasses and a bottle on the table. " To their father with the lot of them," said Cassidy suddenly. " What do we want to go getting married for ? We've got each other*, that's been chums now for a dozen, years and more, and we'll just try to be. content at tbat, Jack, me boy, and let the baggage3 slide." "Bill," said Cameron, breaking silence for the first time since his entrance, "make, me one promise." " Anything in nature," answered Cassidy. " Never speak about this any more. Never hint at it." "I won't, then," said the Irishman, ten derly, " Have a glass of whisky, Jack." "No. I won't clrink now. Goodnight." " Good night." . . The heartbroken lover went to his. own room and walked gloomily up and down all night. His companion sat in the chamber beneath and listened to his footsteps. " They're all alike," said Cassidy to him self. " When was I ever unhappy except when I was danglin' afther a petticoat ? But I'll have to marry now if I spend the honeymoon in the workhouse, and that looks likely, faith, I'd rather stop and be a companion to.thepoor boy there. I know what it is, Jack, me lad, for I've been through it myself, as.oftenmayhe as most men, and 1 can feel for you." The watcher in the lower room dozed, and woke to see the first grey gleam of dawn break through the crevices of the window shutters. The step was still going to and fro, to and fro overhead. Cassidy began to think his friend took the matter too much to heart, but the thought of going to bed and making himself comfortable whilst his companion suffered in solitude never occurred to him; a fact from which it may be argued that friendship was a sentiment more solid and enduring than love in his case. He threw open the shatters noiselessly and let the summer morning light into the room, and filling his pipe sat down to read with the monotonous footsteps still going to and fro, to and fro overhead. Howland-street, as everbody knows, is at the same time in the middle of Prague and near the middle of London. It is not an early street, and only the roll of a cab or a mail cart in the great thoroughfare near at hand broke on the silence until long after broad . daylight had settled down upon it. But when Cassicly had dozed again and again over his book the first of the morning cries sounded on his car, and after no great interval the post man's knock came down the silent street. The watcher, having thrown up the window quietly to observe the progress of the post man, marked the cessation of the footsteps overhead, and, listening, heard the creaking of the window as it rose in the room above him. " The poor lad can't believe she's fo.oled him yet," said Cassidy slowly.. The postman's knock sounded at the front door, and Cameron ran rapidly and lightly down stairs. He came back with the false letter the tragedian had written, the night be? fore, and Cassidy intercepted him on. the landing. He had read it already, and he slipped it into the Irishman's hands without a word, and passed upstairs again. The foot steps were going to and fro. once more as Cassidy read the wicked lines. "She's disturbed, is she, poor thing?" he said bitterly. "That's a pity." He threw the epistle on the table, and went wandering disconsolately about the room, but, hearing the landlady astir, he fled like.a guilty ghost to his own chamber. By-and-by Cameron appeared before him half-dressed. "Have you seen my razors, Cassidy!" he asked. " I—I borrowed them," said Cassidy; blush ing and stammering. Jack stood by whilst he unlocked the drawer in which he. had hidden tbem. " You old fool!" he said, with that friendly brutality young men use when they want to hide themselves. " I was not so certain of that same," blun dered Cassidy; but Cameron, returning no answer, marched off. with his recovered property. Jnnkod rather stern .than miserable, Cassidy thouguc, "the young man's heart had been of tener fiued wiitn rage than with any other passion during that dreadful night, and by_ this time he had har dened into an intense, bitter contempt for the girl he had loved so dearly. His first cry under the blow had been repeating itself in his mind all night—"Never believe in honor or honesty any more!" He told himself how. salutary the lesson was, and the first fruits of Mr. Montgomery -Bassett's plot declared, themselves in.the growth of a trustful, affec tionate youngster into a cynic. He met his chum at breakfast as usual, but without the usual greeting, and having forced himself to eat some little food he went downstairs to the studio and began to work. Only yesterday he would have lightened labor by the singing and whistling of many cheery staves—he haa a wbistie like a thrush's note—and Cassidy, as he worked on his own side of the studio, missed the customary sounds of merriment. " Hang it all!" said the perturbed Irish man, regarding his work with disfavor, " the shadows are painted in mud and the lights in chalk. How are you doing, Jack ?" "Well enough," said Jack shortly, and silence fell again. "Art," said Cassidy, "is nothing apart fronr the ordayal. The last picture I painted— 'twas finished last week, and Isaacs has it had a fine original notion in it. Two girls sitting on a rustic bench with a poodle dog between them. Now this is a loftier concep tion even than that. Two girls sitting on an esplanade, -with a poodle dog apiece. There's liberality for you!" Jack would have obliged his chum with a laugh in the old times, and now the Irishman missed that friendly contribution to the gaiety of the day. " Bad luck to me," he grumbled, " I don't know whether the girls are more like poodles or the poodles are more like girls. I can't paint to-day." Jack worked on in silence; and Cassidy fidgeted miserably for an; hour 01* two. A knock came; to the door, at about the usual hour for luncheon, and the servant appeared with, a letter pinched in the cleanest corner of her apron. Cassidy took it and passed it onto Cameron, recognisingBassett's handwriting. "The letter's registered, sir," said the girl; " and the postman wants a receipt." Jack walked out into the hall, letter in hand, and by-and-bye, returned with it, still unopened. Cassidy, pretending to be busy, watched him furtively through a mirror which stood in on corner erf: the room. With bent brows the young fellow read through the letter, and then searching the.envelope, drew forth the ring, and after looking at it for a minute tossed it lightly away, and began to laugh in a manner so harsh and unnatural that Cassidy was frightened by, it. "One for love and one for constancy," cried the hapless lover, "and one for happy fortune. Love, constancy, and happy for tune." He stooped to pick up the ring, and held it,high: at arm's length. "I gave her this;" he said, still laughing in the same mad, unnatural way, " ox Sunday night. Before I gave it I.kissed it once for love, and once for constancy, and oiice for happy fortune. And now read this." He cast the letter towards his friend, and. it fluttered to Ms feet." Cas sidy lifted it, and read it through, and then, the two.facedeacfr.Qtheri "Jack;" said! 'his* Mend;. ye thou^fr about her twice after this, ye'd be less than a man." " Thought about her 1" cried the poor fellow with another wild laugh. "Love, and con stancy, and happy fortune!" Then he lifted lip both hands with a sudden gesture of despair and dropped them again, and began to rage to and fro along the room, cursing terribly. "Money! Let it cram her hollow heart and burn it! Load her with money, and let it sink her to the devil! Oh, the liar! Oh, the liar! Sunday night, Bill, only Sun-, day night. Less than two days ago, and she swore she loved me. She kissed it back again —SHE did—think of it—once for love, and once for constancy, and once for happy for tune." He began to laugh again, more wildly than before, and this time the laughter ended in awful tears. Cassidy stood helplessly over him, with an unfelt friendly hand patting on his shoulder. " They're all alike, Jack,"hcsaid brokenly, " they're all alike. Don't take it this way, me poor boy, don't! You're breakin' my heart as well as your own Jack. But maybe it's best for you to cry, after all. It'll be the sooner over, me poor Jack. It's as well that she's as had as she is, for you'll be goiug the right way the sooner for it," Cameron recovered Ihs self-possession in a little while, and shaking hands with averted head, left the studio with a word. The riug lay on the table, and Cassidy, taking it up, \- looked at it with moist eyes, and dropped it again.. - .■ ,. "Such a pretty little girl," he said to him- ■ self miserably. "With such a downright " honest, friendly look. Aud to be such a cold blooded little traitress after all." At that moment Mary Bassett was singing' like a bird in her own room, and.at every note of the love song she sang her heart went out to Jack with innocent virginal affection. At the notes the tragedian writhed, and remorse : already began to sear bis soul. [To be continued.) 