CORRESPONDENCE. TO CORRESPONDENTS. " Yorketown."—A bet of a new bat is generally supposed to mean that the winner gets the sort of bat he wants irrespective of price, and sends in the bill for it to the loser. The value is usually taken to be a guinea. " S. L"—You should communicate with the Com- missioner of Crown Lands in this case. " Elector."—1. Mr. Madge was never elected for Sturt. He was elected for Wallaroo on February 22, 1875, and the election was declared void on May 28 following, when he was succeeded by Mr. R. D. Ross. 2. Mr. J. H. Barrow was succeeded by Mr. W. Mair in the representation of Sturt. "W. O. Lewis."—We do not think that your letter would help to put matters straight. " W. E. M."—Declined with thanks. " John Drought," referring to the recent Minis- terial trip to Farina, asks "by what authority so much money has been squandered in feeding, &c.;, between 300 and 400 persons who have already too much of this world's goods?" Our correspondent considers that it was an insult to the colony that there should be so much feasting at the expense of the State, and in the centre of that part of the colony where for years past there has been a struggle for bare life. With reference to the free passes to Farina that have been issued to the public, he says that the idea had not birth till sounds of discontent were heard anent the other " trifling expenditure." " F. B."—A bet cannot be recovered by any legal process. " Agriculturist" has not sent his name. "J. Oldfield, dredger, Wallaroo," writes under date June 7 as follows:– " The following method was adopted to repair the s.s.Balclutha's propeller shaft at sea:– There happened to be spur-wheels on board, intended for mining purposes ; two of them were utilized by keying them on the propeller shaft where it was broken, and the arms lashed together, whereby the connection was restored, and the vessel steamed into port at half-speed." " Madras."—The word Barmacide comes from a story in the "Arabian nights" concerning a beggar who asked food of one of the princes of the Barmac family which flourished at Bagdad just before Baroun Al- Raschid. The Barmac de ordered food and before it could be brought called on the begear (naming the dishes) to help himself and eat. The beggar humoured the joke, pretending to eat, and praising each imaginary dish, til he ended by declaring that he could eat no more. Hence a Bar- macide feast, applied to en er.ainmens, means imaginary or pretended. " F. Slaney Poole," under date June 7, writes :— "Replying to 'Paul de la Mer' in your correspon- dence notes of to-day, I cannot find the expression he makes use of in Voltaire. Among his letters concerning the English nation he has one on Tragedy (No. xviii.) and in it he says— 'Shakspeare boasted a strong fruitful genius. He was natural and sublime; but had not so much as a spark of good taste, or knew one rule of the drama. The great merit of this dramatic poet had been the ruin of the English stage. There are such beautiful, such noble, such dreadful scenes in this writer's monstrous farces to which the name of tragedy is given, that they have always been exhibited with great success.' Later on in the same letter Voltaire says—'The first English writer who composed a regular tragedy, and infused a spirit of elegance through every part of it, was the illustrious Mr. Addison. His 'Cato' is a masterpiece, both with regard to the diction and the beauty and harmony of the numbers. 'In Chapter II. of his 'Essai sur la Poesie Epique,' which was, I imagine, written some time after the above mentioned letters, he says— 'Quand je commencais a apprendre la langue Anglaise, je ne pouvais comprendre comment une nation si eclairce pouvait admirer un auteur extra vagant ; mais des que j'eus une plus grande con- naissance de la langue, je m'appercus que les Anglais avaicnt raison et qu'il est impossible que toute une nation se trompe en fait de sentiment, et ait tort d'avoirduplaisir. . . . Le grand sens de l'auteur de "Caton." et ses talents n'ont pu le placer a cote de Shakespeare'" " Wiliowie Subscriber."—(1.) The Fencing Act applies to all land in the colony. (2.) A man im- pounding stock may first, if necessary, take them to his yard. (3.) No, because the land is not enclosed, but it would be better to try the question in Court. " A Disgusted Farmer" writes under date June 8, as follows:—"I am rather inclined to doubt the accuracy of the statement made by the Chief Secretary to Mr. Bosworth yesterday in the House of Assembly, and which appears.in your issue of this day—' That the farmers had availed themselves very largely of the passes issued.' The farmers, as a rule, are too busy at this season to think of leaving home, and I rather suspect that the country applicants are tradesmen, mechanics, and others from the country towns and villages, and not the bona- fide fanners. But, Sir, why in the name of all the powers, was this free-pass affair ever started? Was it, as suggested by a free-pass holder to me the other day, to help to blind the people to the ex- penditure on the late banquet, which cost the country a good few thousands, and is none the better to day for it? If the above is not the reason I can imagine nothing else, and it has been done in such a way as to give satisfaction to none but the successful." "Defence not Defiance" writes:–" Very great stress is laid by some of your correspondents upon the Rifle Volunteer Force being an unpaid force and costing the colony nothing. Now, as at the present juncture it is a pity that the public should be in any way misled, it is well that it should be generally known that a member of the R.V.F. who earns the 'capitation grant' (30s.) has only to attend ten drills, for which he really receives 3s. per drill, whilst a member of the V. M. F. for the same number of atten- dances only receives 25s., or 2s. 6d. per drill. Fur- ther, the V.M.F. sometimes have to attend at a loss of a portion of their wages. It is doubtful if this happens to any of the R.V.F." We think our corre- spondent will, upon reconsideration, agree with us that the publication of the rest of his letter would not be advisable at the present time. "A State Schoolgirl" must excuse us for saying that presumption and impertinence are never attrac- tive, and are an absolute bar to the admission of correspondence from any one, and especially from a State schoolgirl. "J. Morcora, Secretary S.A. Rifle Association," writes as follows in reference to the remarks of our reporter upon the recent rifle matches: —"Our smallbore shots last week did not go beyond the conditions laid down for match rifles, and as for saying the excellence of these rifles would be unattainable in the field, there was no necessity for it. It has long been remembered that match smallbores as a rule are not manufactured for actual service, hut for scientific and accurate shooting. The scores at 800, 900, and 1,000 yards are brilliant, and read well for South Australia. The most that could he obtained was 105 points. Thus the shooting will speak for itself, not only in this colony, but the world, namely: Mr. J. H. Robertson 100, Mr. J. Roberts 100, Mr. B. Weiden- bach 98, Mr. A. McFarlane 97; with the other riflemen close up. As for your reporter stating that the riflemen deliberately cleaned their rifles with a succession at oiled flannels, was not required, as smallbore shots all over the world do likewise, particularly when using a breechloader." Mr. Morcom has kindly endorsed the remarks of our reporter. " Veritas" writes:– " It is high time in the inte- rests of the public generally that an enquiry was railed for as to the issuing of free railway passes to persons who may visit this colony. From several instances that have come under my own notice it appears that the use of such passes is greatly per- verted. Only the other day a gentleman walked into an office where I was and wanted to see the principal. It transpired that he was canvassing for orders and advertisements for the Federal Austra- lian, and wished to secure an order. On being told that the principal was away the man of free passes replied, 'Oh! I can come again another day, as I have a free pass on the railway.' Surely such a state of affairs ought to be stopped. Persons living in the colony, and who are doing all they can to further its interests, are in a measure kept back by the excessive railway charges, but here are 'casuals' coming into the colony daily, representing themselves to be reporters, and they want to see the colony to write about it and so make it better known, when in reality they are canvassing for the good of other colonies. This is handicapping South Australians with a vengeance, The system of indis- criminate free passes has been stopped in Victoria, and it is time, with such instances as these before us, that they were stopped here. I hope some member of our Legislature will move in the matter." "Constant Reader, Strathalbyn."—No, but writs are out for the recovery of the full amount of the bail from the bondsmen. "Pro Bono Publico, Farrell's Flat," protests against the action of the authorities in running a special train last Sunday for cattle, the quiet of the little township being broken by the noise made by the persons engaged in trucking these cattle. "T. H. G."—For a circular tank multiply the square of the diameter by 0.7854, and the product by the depth. Thus in the supposed case 8 x 8 x 0.7854 x 12= 603.18 + cubic feet, or nearly 221/3 cubic yards. For a "square tank," or for one of which the sur- face area is a rectangle, and the sides are carried down vertically, multiply the length, width, and depth into each other. Thus, suppose the length to be 10 ft; 6 in., the width 8 feet, and the depth 12 ft. 3 in; then 10.5 x 8 x 12 25=1,029 cubic feet = 381/9 cubic yards. Greig's Elements of Mensuration is a useful book for beginners, and may be obtained for about a shilling. " G. M. M."—We cannot give medical advice. "Traveller" complains that nothing has been done to clear the main North- Eastern-road, so as to enable stock to travel to and from the market with out going so much on the metal. He urges that the road should be at once defined and opened to the full width of sixty-six feet like other public roads, in order to facilitate the travelling of stock to the city. "Surrey."—The Cannon-street Railway Bridge, belonging to the S.E.R. Co., is nearer to London Bridge than to Blackfriars Bridge. " C. S. B."—You cannot expect us to publish your lines if the consequences would be what you hint at in the following :— " If my rhymes you thus will treat You and I may often meet;" "John Price, Wakefield-street East," under date June 10, writes " For the further information of your correspondent ' Paul de la Mer,' I give below some quotations from the writings of Voltaire additional to those of the Rev. F. Slaney Poole, extracted by him from the 'Letter on the English,' No. 18, and from chapter 2 of 'The Essai sur la Poesie Epique.' In the 'Ingenu,' chapter 2, Vol- taire says:—' The reason why classical tragedies do not succeed in England, while the coarse works of Shakspeare are constantly applauded, is that the Bishop of Derry, visited Voltaire in April, 1776, and reports that in the course of conversation Voltaire says:– "Cato" is' excellently written. Addison had much taste, but the abyss between taste and genius is immense. Shakspeare had astonishing genius, but no taste; he spoilt the taste of the English nation. He has been their taste for 200 years, and that which has been the taste of a nation for 200 years will be their taste for 2,000. Taste becomes a religion, and there are in that country many fanatical worshippers of that author.' In writing to Horace Walpole, July 17. 1768, Voltaire says:—'Shakespeare had no regularity, no sense of propriety, no art; lowness and grandeur, buf- foonery and sublimity, are found in his works side by side. His tragedy is a chaos, in which there are a hundred traits de lumiere.' A pamphlet was published in Paris in 1761 purport- ing to have been written by Jerome Carre, but which was well known to have been the work of Voltaire. Referring therein to the tragedy of "Hamlet," and of its popularity in England, he writes :—' The chairmen, sailors, coachmen, shop boys, and clerks passionately love shows; give them cockfights, bull-baiting, duels, gibbets, ghosts, or sorcery, and they will rush in crowds, and there is more than one great lord quite as curious as the populace.' And again, in reference to the same play:–A few traits of genius, a few happy verses, strong and natural, earned the acceptance of the rest.' That these were the sober outcome of Vol- taire's judgment I certainly do not believe; the fact was that the Parisians were becoming increasingly appreciative of our bard, and placing him on a far higher pedestal than that on which they had pre- viously placed Mons. Voltaire, whose vanity was thereby wounded, and hence his writings on the subject in question was nothing more than the out- come of his envy, animosity, and spleen." " John F. Joyce, Surgeon, No. 1 Company R.V.F., writes:– "If your correspondent 'Defence not De- fiance' is so anxious that the public should not be misled in reference to the R.V.F. being unpaid, he should not try to blind them by throwing dust in their eyes. Last year the members of the R.V.F. had to attend twenty drills to earn the capitation grant, thereby reducing it to 1s. 6d. per drill and not 3s. These same men have already paid out of their own pockets the sum of five thousand pounds for uniforms, &c.; In my letter a few days ago I stated that we are voluntarily almost self-supporting, which the following facts will prove:– 'The Govern- ment allow us £200 per annum prize money; each man 100 rounds of cartridges per annum, £400; and the capitation grant last year amounted to £750, making our total cost to the country £1,350. The V.M.F., about equal in numbers, costs the Govern- ment about £25,000 per annum. The above needs no comment. " M. T. M."—According to last census the popu- lation of Ireland was 5,159,839, and that of Scotland 3,734,370. "H. Y." writes:– "Will you kindly inform me of the names of the Duke and Duchess who with many others were on board the Kent, East Indiaman, which caught fire in the Bay of Biscay in the year 1825 or 1826, and was rescued by the good brig Cambria on her voyage to Vera Cruz with Cornish miners for the Real de Monte Mines, Mexico? The latter again put back to Falmouth with her living freight of passengers and crew of the abovenamed ship, laden to the water's edge." "Enquirer, Waymouth-street."—No licence is required. " Chief Pilot."—Your, letter is not decipherable in its present form. "Baston."—Your had better give your cousin authority to draw the money, and instruct him to send you a Bank draft for the amount. "Geo. Stone, Lincoln Farm, Baroota," being a selector in a drought-affected district, writes that he noticed with surprise and regret Mr. Townsend's remarks to his constituents at Glenelg on the sub- ject of the Seed-wheat Fund. Our correspondent considers that Mr. Townsend is evidently no friend to the farming interest, but rather a stumbling-block to its prosperity. Referring to Mr. Townsend's opinions on the question of water conservation during the winter, our correspondent would inform him that there has been no winter up in his district for the last three or four years. He concludes his letter by saying that he was pleased to see that there was one gentleman present on the occasion referred to who took exception to Mr. Townsend's remarks. "Farmer, Eudunda."—If the sheep are trespassing you can impound them, but in all probability the land is held under an annual lease. For your better protection you should apply for commonage, and fence your land. "R. H. Edmunds" writes " Your Northern Ter- ritory correspondent reports the death of Mr. Edward Tuckwell, with some account of his career in that portion of the province. I did not intend to trouble you with any remarks. My friends, however, think I should, and at their request I venture to correct some of the statements made by your correspondent, trusting you will be good enough to set him right. Tuckwell was a member of the expedition under my charge, which left Adelaide in October, 1864, in the s.s. South Australian. Twelve months later Mr. John McKinlay was appointed the leader of an exploring party, and arrived at Escape Cliffs in November, 1865. I was requested by the Govern- ment to accompany the party to do the necessary navigation and to lay down the natural features, track, &c.;, of the country passed over. Tuckwell was also transferred to the exploring party on my recom- mendation, and was an active, willing man. I must, however, contradict the statement that he proposed or constructed the frail craft which after many diffi- culties conveyed us from the upper waters of the East Alligator back to Escape Cliffs. McKinlay and myself, after arguing the matter from all points, decided to construct the craft, and she was com- menced and finished under my personal superinten- dence. I alone was capable of doing any navigation required, and with an occasional hour's rest kept my post for seven days. Tuckwell worked well in his place with the other men of the party, but was much exhausted on arrival at the Cliffs. He also accompanied McKinlay and myself in the boat expedition to the Daly River as one of the boat's crew. The rub with the blacks there was a very trifling affair." " W. Hine."—Yes, but not to any great extent. "Numskull, Yacka."—1. Yes, but liberal conces- sions are made if it is shown that the articles are not imported for sale, and have been used before. 2. It is not a sine qua non. "A Subscriber, Wentworth."—The Akbar arrived here on June 26, 1865. "Caltowie."—We have no idea of the principle upon which the Government acted. We have no space for a discussion on the relative merits of the various applicants—successful and otherwise—as to which we are in receipt of numerous letters. "F. Teasdel."—The information has been quite recently given in the Observer, as you will see by looking up the files. " A. Warland, Port Darwin Camp," writes under date May 8:—"In calling your attention to our present mail arrangements I wish to point out the injustice which is being done to us through the steamer leaving Palmerston for Adelaide several days before that coming from Adelaide arrives, thus necessitating a delay of several weeks before we can reply to the letters which the upward mail has brought us. Whereas, under the contract with the Netherlands-Indian Company, that coming from Adelaide arrived about ten days before the other sailed for Adelaide; and, as we had a special mail running to Pine Creek on arrival of steamers at Palmerston, we were within three months' communi- cation with Adelaide, which we are not at present. As regards mining matters, I have heard of two rushes within the last fortnight—the one near the Glencoe Station, or about eleven or twelve miles from here (Chinese), which I have been told to- day is nearly deserted; the other one is between Pine Creek and the Driffield, but I have received no information as to how they are doing there. We have but few Europeans working on the alluvial at present, so that we shall not hear of any new fields being opened up unless the Government offers some inducement to Europeans to try for doing so, and in order to do so it will be necessary to prevent the Chinese from going on them for a term of, say, three years, by which time the Europeans, would have had time to give them a fair trial. With reference to reefing, they had a crushing of eight tons of stone at the Twelve - Mile, McKinlay River, the week before last, which turned out well, so that we may hear of more reefs being opened in that direction (under twenty miles from here). I believe also Jansen's at Pine Creek is also looking well. I think they have made a start at trying for tin, but all the talk is we want the rail- way to make it pay." " Fungus, Mushroom, & Co."—The publication of your letter would do no good. The statements made have already been denied, and the denial has been endorsed by a Minister in Parliament. "J. W. L., Angas-street."—There is some prepara- tion for that purpose, which you can buy. "S. Pollitzer" writes: — " With reference to Voltaire's opinion of Shakspeare's dramatic works, permit me to say a few words. Voltaire in the earlier part of his life did not at all like the English language or literature. At his, maturer age, when he had acquired a perfect knowledge of English, he was the greatest admirer of Shakspeare's works; and in fact he was the first who made reknown the greatest English poet's immortal name. I am really at a loss to quote the passage where Voltaire expresses himself in that sense, but I am only too sure I have read it. In the latter part of his life Voltaire had again entirely changed his mind about the great English poet, as can be seen by the fol- lowing dialogue between him and a Venetian poet who came to visit him. When they turned their conversation about Shakspeare, and Voltaire ex- pressed himself in very hard terms, the Venetian exclaimed—' You are severe, Monsieur; I should have thought that you possessed a profound venera- tion for the great dramatist, he has been pro- nounced faultless. 'Faultless, indeed!' answered Voltaire in high dudgeon. 'Who is faultless? The English have gone too far. l once had the folly to express my views in Shakspeare's favour, and ever since that time the English have gone mad in their judgments.' Voltaire now burst into a travesty of Hamlet's sublime soliloquy— 'To dance, or not to dance; To drink, or not to drink; To dress, or not to dress; To ride, or not to ride; To pay, or not to pay ; To sing, or not to sing, that is the question.' I believe this illustrates sufficiently that great man's character. To him nothing was holy, nothing sacred hut his own self; and he who has read about Voltaire's stay at the German Court will agree with me when I apply to him what once was said about Lord Bacon—'That he is the greatest, the wisest, and meanest of mankind.'" "Paul de la Mer" writes:—"With regard to the question of 'H. Y.' in Wednesday's impression of your paper, I would refer him to a book entitled 'Shipwrecks and Disasters by Sea,' in which I once, very many years ago, read a full account of every circumstance connected with the loss of the Kent by fire. I do not remember that any duke or duchess is mentioned, and I think 'H. Y.' will be mistaken in that report, as very few people of rank travelled long distances by sea in those days. Moreover, I always imagined that the Kent was an old East Indiaman, bound, at the very time she caught fire, to some port in India with troops. One circumstance I remember, and that was that during the transit of one of the rescuing boats from ship to ship in a heavy sea a woman—a soldier's wife, I think—was delivered of a child who was afterwards well known. I met once myself a Captain Nicholls or Nicholas (of the 64th Native Infantry, I think) in India, who was one of the rescued passengers. He was then (1850) about forty-five years old; but I cannot re- member any details of the wreck. The book I allude to is now out of date, but 'H. Y.' might find one in the Institute. There is also a very meagre account of the mishap of this vessel in one of the common school 'Royal Readers'—the third reader, I think." We may add that another correspondent has forwarded us a book published by the Religious Tract Society on the loss of the Kent, and in it we can find no mention of a duke being amongst the passengers. "G. T."—A Government teacher who has been only four years in service, but who is obliged on account of ill-health to resign, can obtain an appoint- ment again when he may recover, if there is nothing else against him, and if there is a vacancy. "Farmer. Hundred Willochra."—No provision is made in the Bill for the cases of selectors who com- pleted their purchases and borrowed money on the freehold to buy seed. " Blade of Grass, "commenting on Mr. Townsend's speech to his constituents at Glenelg, writes with reference to the question of water conservation, and says perhaps Mr. Townsend does not know that there has been no winter in the North for two years. Our correspondent contends that the Northern farmers understand their business quite as well as Mr. Townsend does his, and that ninety per cent, of them are hardworking, industrious men. " A. B., Enquirer."—It all depends upon the terms of the contract. "T. H. Bollard, Parachilna," referring to a recent letter from our Blinman correspondent, in which the teamsters between Parachilna and the Blinman were complained of for not pro- viding proper coverings for the goods they carry and their honesty called in question, writes on behalf of himself and other teamsters to protest against the accusation, which he says is not correct. "G.W."—Thanks for your information. We have forwarded the name to our correspondent. " C. P. M."—We do not know. You might find out by advertising. 