DEAD MEN'S SHOES. CHAPTER XW.—(Continual). BY THE AUXHOB OF "LADY ADDLEY'fl 8E0EET. " There never was each a troublesome child," Marian complains as the sinks into a rustic armchair! conscious that her face is the color of a boiled lobster, while Sibyl, in creamcolored Indian Bilk, ami a tuiquoise blue sash, is looking divinely pale. " Look at her legs. She has grown out of her frock already; and as for ever keeping her decently dressed, I defy you. There's the print of a slice of bread and butter on the front breadth, and smears of marmalade all over the sleeves, though she's only worn the frock on Sundays." " Let her wear it every day and wear it out, Bays Sibyl, generously ; "she shall have another for best." " Oh, you dear !" cries Jenny ; " but if you knew what a life Marion leads me when I've a good frock on, you might think it a greater charity never to give me one." "You ungrateful minx," exclaims Marion, " didn't I stand half an hour this broiling hot afternoon doing your hair ?" " Fulling it, you mean," responds Jenny. " If you'd combed it with a hay-fork and brushed it with a bush haTrow you couldn't have hurt me more." " There's gratitude !" ejaculates Marion, pointing to the offender. " My idea of gratitude is thankfulness for things we want," reasons Jenny, who is good at argument. " I didn't want my hair pulled." " Well, Sibyl," says Marion, "is uncle Trenchard going to the races ?" Everybody thinks and talks of the races at this time. It is the one subject of conversation in Redcastle. A rare thing for Redcastle to have so much as one subject of conversation j as a rule, the town contrives to be conversational about nothing. " No, uncle Trenchard hates races. I am going with the Stormonts." " Indeed! I thought you wouldn't go anywhere without your uncle." " No more I would in an ordinary way, but I felt a kind of interest in the races. One hears so much of them." " I feel a kind of interest in them too," says Marion, with an injured air. " I've been hearing about Redcastle races ever since 1 left school, and yet, living so near, I've never seen them. Uncle Robert has got a pony that would take us, but he lias not got the spirit. Tou might have asked Uncle Trenchard to let you take us all in his barouche. I dare say uncle Robert would have gone if you'd taken him." Sibyl looks doubtful as to the delight of such a family party. " I've accepted Mrs. Stormont's invitation, you see," she replies, apologetically. " Oh yes, of course, catch you putting yourself out of the way for anybody ! Another girl in your position might have thought of her pool relations. What are you going to wear ?" Sibyl describes the costume which Bhe and Miss Eylett have arranged that morning. Poor Marion listens in an agony of envy. " What a lot of money uncle Trenchard musl give you!" she exclaims. " No, he doesn't give me much, but he allows me to keep an account at Carmichael's." " Well," sighs Marion, " I would give a year oi my life to go to the races this day week." " What a pity our lives are not transferable like railway stock," says Sibyl, airily. She is not deeply moved by Marion's piteous condition. Her mind is occupied with a prophetic vision oi her triumphs next Wednesday. She will see and be seen by the county. That idea is more inspiring than the prospect of a day spent with the Stor. monts, whom ehe knows by heart, or even the privilege of beholding Mrs. OroBhen's raiment, which is sure to be resplendent and of the very latest fashion, however hideous in the abstract and individually unbecoming that fashion may be. C H A P T E R XV. TOWN AMD CODKTT. A curious thing happens that evening after dinner. It is Mr. Trenchard's habit to read the daily papers at his ease in the drawing-room as soon as he has withdrawn from the dinner-table; or, if he is idly disposed, Sibyl reads to him, and beguiles him into placid slumber. This evening he reads the papers ior himself, beginning, as usual, with The Times, which he studies profoundly. He sits in his easy-chair by one open window. Sibyl yawnB over a novel at another. Rather dreary theBe summer evenings at Lancaster Lodge, when twilight's purple shadows rise ghost-like among the trees on the lawn, and the gateaare closed upon the outer world. Welcome even each commonplace interruption as the ad- vent of Frederick Stormont, and an adjournment to the billiord-room. Sibyl looks up from her book with a start at a sudden movement of her uncle's. What was that half-stifled exclamation which Bounded so like an oath 1 Stephen Trenchard is standing up, with the paper crumpled in his right hand, staring blankly at bis niece. She goes to him, looks at him in frightened interrogation ; but he neither sees nor hears her. Is this some kind of seizureepileptic, paralytic ? She thinks so, tremblingly, for a moment, before Mr. Trenchard's keen black eyes assume their power o£ vision and look into hers. " Dearest uncle, what is the matter ?" "Nothing that need concern you, Sibyl, friend, an old friend of mine, dead in India. The announcement of his death shocked me, that's all. I ought not to have been surprised. At my age mUBt expect old friends to drop off. Go back to your book, my dear. There is no reason for you to be agitated." Sibyl looks wonderingly at the paper in her uncle's hand. It is not the supplement. That, with its births, marriages, and deaths, lies on the carpet unopened. She remembers that the deaths of distinguished people are sometimes recorded in the body of the paper, and this friend of her uncle's is doubtless a person worthy of an obituary paragraph. " I am so sorry," she says sympathetically. " So am I. But it was to be expected. Go back to your book, child." Perceiving that sympathy is not required, Sibyl returns to her seat by the distant window. Marion would have bung about her uncle for a quarter of an hour bemoaning his loss and offering stale crumbs of consolation* and looking up, sees that Stephen Trenchard has vanished. She hastens to look for the newspapers, eager to find out all she can about her uncle's departed friend ; but Mr. Trenchard ha9 taken the papers with him, and when she searches for them next day in his study and in other likely places, they are not to be found. Nor does Mr. Trenchard reappear that evening. The butler brings Sibyl a message at tea-time to the effect that his master has letters to write, and will take tea in his study. So that particular infusion of hyson with which Mr. Trenchard is in the habit of irritating his nerves is carried to the study on a salver, and Sibyl is left to spend her evening alone. There arc times, on just such an evening as this, when memory recalls that one room in Dixonetreet, Chelsea, and his company whose easy temper and natural gaiety of heart could brighten deepest poverty with an occasional ray of light. " If I could have borne poverty as well as he, we might have straggled on together to the end," she thinks with a touch of remorse. " But then what a pity it would have been to lose uncle Trcacbard's fortune ! How ghastly pale he looks tonight, poor dear man 1" Mr. Trenchard seems out of sorts for the next few days, not quite so keen and far- seeing, so exacting or highhanded in his household as it is his wont to be. He has a preoccupied air, a thoughtful look, and is evidently much concerned by the loss of that departed friend whose name he has not mentioned. Sibyl wonders at this a little, never having heard Mr. Trenchard talk of any intimate friend in India. He has told numerous stories of Calcutta society, of trade and chicanery in that palatial city; but of friendship, of intimate congenial companions, he has not breathed a word. Nor in the year and a half of his residence at Redcastle has a single Anglo-Indian acquaintance visited him. Impossible to imagine a man more independent of friendship, yet he seems cut to the quick by the death of this distant friend, and is slow to recover his equanimity. Mrs. Storment calls about three days before the races, and finds Mr. Trenchard and his niece the lawn, the gentleman asleep or meditating, his countenance shrouded by an orange-colored bandanna, like a new veiled prophet, the lady working point lace at a stitch a minute. The kind soul has come to talk about the raceB. " I wish you could be induced to join us, dear Mr. Trenchard." " You're very goo3, my dear madam, but the thing is not in my way. I hardly know whether a horse should have four legs or six. If you were to show me a six-legged animal I doubt it should remark the redundancy." " And yet you have the finest carriage-horses in Eedcastle." . " Because I did not choose them myself, madam." " I shall call for you at half- past twelve, my dear," says Mrs. Stormont, turning to Sibyl "Fred is going to ride. I shall hire Sbrub'i landau-and pair. My poor ponies would be frightened to death on a racecourse." Shrub is the proprietor of the George Hotel and livery stables, and has the honor of ministering to the elite on all state occasions. « Why hire Shrub's landau when my bwouche is at your service?" asks Mr. Trenchard. I shall be glad to give that idle coachman of mine a day's work." ,. , "My dear Mr.-Trenchard, you are too kind. Such an idea never entored my head." "Odd if it didn't," thinks Sibyl, "when you are always making use of the carriage , in war or other." , . The Stormonts have allowed Sibyl to drive them a good deal during the last few months, to the infinite relief of the ponies and the buckbasket, both of which institutions are slightly the worse for wear. Tou may get fifteen years good work out of a pony, but when he approaches his majority his powers are apt to wane. Mrs. Stormont allows herself to be entreated, and finally yields graceiully, and with an airy coquetry, but only on condition that Mr. Trenchard shall dine with them on the race day. This he promises, with certain reservations. If I feel myself up to the mark, I'll come, ays, "but I have not been particularly well lately." . . " Uncle Trenchard has lost an old friend in India," explains Sibyl, and seeing her uncle's impatient frown, is sorry she has made the remark. Indeed !" exclaims Mrs. Stormont, thirsting for information. " In the civil service or the army ? The colonel has so many old Indian friends." My friend was neither in the civil service nor the army," says Mr. Trenchard, and says no more. Mrs. Stormont is disappointed, but she has got the carriage, which was the object of her visit, so le drifts off into the usual Redcastle talk. Have you seen the Groshens lately ?" and " DiJ you hear that Dr. Mitsand has been very ill?" and so on ; with which interesting discourse she beguiles the next half-hour. The race day comes with the calendar, and a glorious day, hot blue sky, roads white with dust, grass brown and slippery, bad for the horses, opine the learned in such matters. The grand Btand is [learning in the sun, flags are flying, the town is all astir, flies are driving to ond fro between station and racecourse, with visitors from Krompston, people who smell of commerce and dock-yard, oakum and tar, a rough lot in the estimation of genteel Redcastle. At half-past 12 the Trenchard barouche calls for Mrs. Stormont and her two daughters; Sibyl has taken her place in it already. She wishes to sit with her back to the horses, but this Mi's. Stormont will not allow, aod after a little polite skirmishing she takes her place next that lady, the Miss Stormonts side by side on the opposite seat, which they fill to overflowing. On the way to the course the ladies have time for a silent review ot each other's apparel. Rose and Violet are in washed muslins and home-made bonnets. Mrs. Stormont wears her dove-colored moire, which is an institution in Redcastle, and as well known as the town clock. " Here comes Mrs. Groshen's carriage. I suppose ehe is going to crush us with some new finery," says Rose, with a venomous look at the maize and India muslin. " I hope it will be in a little better taste than ual," remarks Violet, who is of a more calcuting temper than her sister. " What lovely embroidery that iB of yours,Sibyl! I cau't help noticing it." Frederick joins the party presently, on a brute of a grey horse, whose ownership he participates with young Jewson, the lawyer's son. The joint animal, having very little mouth to speak of at the best, and being ridden on opposite principles by his two proprietors, is as manageable aa a watering-place donkey. Frank Jewson, who is the better equestrian of the co-owners, boasts that he rides with his kneeB. Fred Stormont hangs on by the reins, and makes the wretched quadruped 1 mouth his fulcrum. He is not happy on horseback himself, or the cauBe of happiness to his steed, and the joint proprietorship is an extravagance which he can ill afford. But he feels that the horse gives him social status, and endures bravely. The beast is consistent, and starting with a fixed idea that the Booner he gets back to his stables the better for his own well-being, tugs desperately at every turning in the endeavour to make a short cut home, and if confronted in bis straight course with any object which he dislikes, wheels sharp round, and sets off at a lively trot stable- wards. The first half-hour of Mr. Stormont's ride is one prolonged tussle with the grey, which, in the pride of their hearts, the joint proprietors have christened Flying Dutchman. •' The Dutchman is awfully fresh to-day, Fred,' remonstrates Rose, when the grey has backed into the landau half a dozen times, in his efforts to go up every side street or alley; " hadn't you better try him on the curb ?" " I think I am riding him on the curb," says Fred, looking doubtfully at his reins, which are in an inextricable muddle, " the fact is Jewson spoils his mouth. Yah, you beast, what's the „ matter now ?" as the Dutchman, taking objeotion to a very email child in a white pinafore, gathers all his legs together, collapses, and scrambles frantically across the street, with a noise as of a detachment of cavalry. " Is that a fit ?" asks Sibyl, when Mr. Trenchard's horses have recovered from their conBterna-. tion at this manoeuvre. No, if e only a shy. He cannot stand a perambulator." " Nor a woman in a red cloak, nor a baker's cart, nor a washing-basket, nor a chimney sweep,, nor a heap of stones, nor an organ," Bays Rose, indignantly; " I never knew such a beast. He'll have your life some day, Fred, I feel convinced." "He's more than half thoroughbred," says Frederick, leaning over to pat the animal's neck—an" attention which the Dutchman resents by a sudden slouch forward, and a furious shake of his head, whereby he all but precipitates Fred upon. the paving stones. " Are you fond of riding ?" asks Sibyl, as the horseman pulls himself together, scarlet after his struggles with his steed, and settles into a jolting ^ trot beside the barouche. p_p—passion—ate—ly," Bays Fred, the syllables jerked out of him piecemeal by the grey. " But that seems rather an uncomfortable horse to ride." " He's a little fidgety in the town, but he's plendid when you get him on the turf. You should see him in a stretching gallop across the "Mr. Stormont omits to state that in these stretching gallops he is entirely at the Dutchman's mercy, and suffers abject terror. They turn out of the Market-place presently, into a broad lane leading to the woods—a lane in which there are nice old houses on one side and orchards on the other, and at the top of this lane they come out upon that open Btretch of green- Bward, with a bollow full of hazel bushes, hawthorn, and blackberry here and there, which is dignified with the name of Redcastle Woods. Yonder towers the stand, white in the sunshine, flags blue, red, and yellow, fluttering gaily, the oval course on the southern side of a slope, and a fringe of carriages and smartly dressed people —a simple ruBtic racecourse, with its local gentry, and sprinkling of citizens from busy Krampston. The Stormont barouche takes its position among the great ones of the land, and by good luck finds itself in the very lap ot the county. The magnates of Redcastle are six carriages off, Mrs. Groshen becking and nodding at her friends, gorgeously arrayed in a brilliant mauve silk, which glistens in the sun, and a bonnet with feathers. There are many greetings between Mrs. Stormont and her neighbors—for the Stormonts occupy the border line of Redcastle society, and are graciously regarded by the county families. Loud "how d'ye do's" are uttered by the occupants of a tall coach next door to the barouche, two young men and two young women are seated on the box—the men in homespun tweed, the women in brown holland and brown straw hats. Two grooms in dark green, and mahogany tops, are in attendance. " Are we going to have some good racing, Sir Wilford ?" asks Mrs. Stormont, radiant at finding herself in such good company, and Mrs. Groshen afar off like Dives. The bigger of the grey men answers in a loud good-natured voice, dropping lightly down from his perch and coming close to the barouche. • , Not much fun, I'm afraid; wretched lot of leather platers. Going to speculate, Miss Stormont ? Better put something on Stagheen ior the Cup. Sure to win." He addresses himself to the fair Rose, shaking hands with her the while, but he looks at Sibyl. That delicate clear-cut face, with its brown eyes, is strange to him, and in a place where everybody knows everybody else, that is enough to awaken interest. Sibyl remembers him as one of the hunters she has seen ride past the walls of Lancaster Lodge clad in weather-stained scarlet. He is tall—six feet two—broad shouldered, with the frame ot an athlete. He has shaggy brown hair, shaggy brown moustache, goodhumored grey eyes, a common- place nose, a good, firm mouth, and strong square chin, large hands in well- worn tan gloves. "Sir Wilford Cardonnel, Miss Faunthorpe," says Mrs. Stormont, graciously. Sir Wilford takes off his hat and looks pleased but is little wiser than before. This name of Faunthorpe means nothing for him. "Fond of racing?" he enquires, following up the introduction. " This is the first time I was ever at a race," replies Sibyl. " But I think I shall enjoy it veiy much." "Then you don't belong to this part of the country, I suppose? We Yorkshire folks are always going to races." " I couldn't get anybody to bring me," replies Sibyl, frankly. " Neither of my uncles care about races. Gooi gracious!" This exclamation is evoked by a most startling apparition on tlie other side of the course, exactly opposite tlie barouche. A shabby old pony carriage, quite the most ancient vehicle of its kind in Redcastle, a dilapidated, unkempt pony, with his nose in a nose-bag, an elderly gentleman in a discolored white hat, a young woman in pink muslin, and a girl of nondescript appearance, in short petticoats, standing on the back seat of the pony carriage, in order the better to survey the brilliant scene, and making a positively awful exhibition of her legs. These are uncle Robert, Marion, and Jenny. Sibyl beholds them with unmitigated consternation. She will be obliged to acknowledge them presently, to avow her relationship to that wretched chaise, that odious pony, in the face of the county families, nay, the highest and mightiest of the high and mighty—the Cardonnels ol the How, people she has heard the Stormonts talk about with so much reverence as if they had the prosperity of the county in their keeping, wound up the sun like a clock, and turned on the rain from a tap in their custody. " This is Marion's doings," thinks Sibyl, indignantly. " That girl is capable of anything. To think that they must needs come and perch them- There seems deliberate malice in the act. A few minutes ago there was only empty space where the pony-chaise stands now. The chaise has been placed there since the arrival of the barouche. Dr. Faunthorpe surveys his niece's party mildly through his spectacles; Marion nods and kisset her hand ; but Sibyl, once having seen her danger, looks every way except towards the doctor's chaise. Jenny, more energetic than her elders, is not to be baffled. Finding nods and hand-kissing unnoticed, she raises her shrill young voice, and screams, " Sibyl, Sibyl! Look this way, Sibyl." "Who is that leggy child calling?" asks Sir Wilford, looking at Jenny through his race-glass, which brings her to the end of his nose. " What an excitable young person! And what a funny party! A little old man in spectacles and a white hat, a tall young woman with ginger hair, anil that leggy child dancing about upon the cushions And what a pony ! The very one Noah had in the ark, I should think." Sibyl grows crimson. Can she acknowledge her kith and kiu after this ? While she hesitates, Mrs. Stormont raises her gold-rimmed binoculari and scrutinizes the opposite party. " Why, my dear," she exclaims, not sorry to set off any obligation involved in the loan of the barouche by the humiliation of its owner, "it's thai dear good little man, Dr. Faunthorpe, and your sisters. I wonder you didn't recognise the pony; there's not another like him in Bedcastle." "Is that little girl your sister?" says Sir Wilford. " I beg your pardon and hers if I said anything impertinent. She seems a fine high-spirited girl, but in an awful state of excitement. Shall I bring her across to you ? She wants to speak to you, I fancy." " Oh, pray leave her where she is," replies Sibyl. " She's a dreadful nuisance.—There, there, child," nodding to the obnoxious hoyden,* "won't that do?" Jane kisses her hand again vehemently, and having succeeded in attracting her sister's attention, seems tolerably resigned. Sibyl feels that her maize-colored silk and Indian muslin, the barouche, and all things are a failure after this. And there are the Miss Cardonnels1 in their plain holland gowns, with satchels at their waists, brown hats, brown feathers, brown holland umbrellas—singularly plain attire, which looks in better form for a racecourse than Sibyl's flower costume. Sir Wilford stands by the barouche for an hour or more, and tells Sibyl all about the horses. He devotes himself to her almost exclusively before the face of Bedcastle. Fred Stormont, pounding restlessly about upon the grey, and bringing that excited animal to anchor beside the barouche, when he can, feels that he is nowhere, and begins to think that he has erred on the side of caution and hesitancy in his wooing of Stephen Trenchard's niece. The races may not be good races from a professional point of view,—the horses may be the very ' refuse of famous Btables, but the excitement and exhilaration of the crowd are not lessened by that fact. No weighty stakes lost or won, but everyone seems happy. Broad grins are the only wear. There is a great deal of picnicking between the races, and people who would have lived through the day at home on a biscuit and a glass of sherry, do wild things in the consumption of lobster salad, chicken, mayonnaise, and pigeon pie. Mn. Stormont has provided the most refined of baskets,—delicate papers of anchovy and chicken sandwiches, fragile biscuits, some choice truit, and a bottle of dry sherry. These favors ehe dispenses to her party, while Sir Wilford and his people are devouring their lobster salad on the roof of the drag, enlivened by a running fire of champagne corks. Fred, roving to and fro upon the grey, declines the maternal sherry. " No thanks, mother; when I'm dry myself I don't want my wine dry. I'll go and do a bitter at the stand presently." Sibyl has gradually recovered that death-blow of the pony carriage. Sir Wilford Cardonnel's attentions have put her in a good humor. It is as if some prince of the blood- royal had paid her homage in the presence of his subjects, and she knows that Mrs. Groshen and Mrs. Marlin Spyke, the Miss Jewsons, and above all dearest Rose and Violet, will be provoked to envy by the distinction thus conferred upon her. Indeed, dear Rose's brow has a cloudy look already, and Violet iB snappish. Only Mrs. Stormont preserves her equanimity, and smiles upon the baronet when he redescends from the drag and takes up his position beside the barouche. Sibyl's ignorance of racing matters is curiously attractive to him from its novelty, his sisters being learned in the minutest details of the turf, and as well up in stable talk as their brother's stud groom, under whom they have graduated. He lingers by her side till the races are nearly over, and his grooms go to fetch the horses. The important duty of seeing these animals put to distracts him a little, but he comes back again at the last to say good-bye to Mrs. Stormont and her daughters and to Sibyl. "I should like you to know my sisters," he says, " I am sure you'd suit each other,"—a mendacious assertion inspired by the exigencies of the situation, Sir Wilford knowing very well that town and county have seldom an idea in common. Lie has not ventured to bring about an introduction on the course, his sisters being at an inconvenient altitude, and of an uncertain temper. But he feels that he must contrivc to Bee more of Miss Faunthorpe somehow or other. Who can she be? She is too richly dressed for a governess, and the Stormonts are too civil to her. Yet she must be a nobody, or Mrs. Stormont would have taken care to parade her people. He resolves to call on the Stormonts in a day or two, and find out all about iheir protegee; and sustained by this resolution, he takes his reluctant leave. How Eplendid bis coach looks to Sibyl ! the four broad-chested baySj rfith their honest English-looking heads, horses that mean work, the steel chains, the black harness, austerely simple in its mounting, the grooms in Lincoln green, the two girls in brown holland iodding good-bye to the Stormonts as Sir Wilford drives away, making a wide sweep upon the turf, uis horses going as if this was the happiest moment it their lives, his grooms climbing into their places ifter the team has started, with some hazard of life and limb, but honor to themselves. " Charming man, Sir Wilford Cardonnel," says Mrs. Stormont. " The Cardonnels are one of the oldest of our county families, How do you like him, Sibyl ?" " He seems good-natured," replies Sibyl, carelessly. What are the Cardonnels to her ? and | .vhat avails this young man's admiration, save to tlaunt in the lace of her acquaintance ? Her name w written in the Book of Fate, and in the registers of St. Apollonius, Pimlico. "The soul of good nature. His sisters are charming too; great friends of Rose and Violet's." "Uncommon intimate," says Fred, who has dragged that unyielding grey up to the carriage once more. " They see one another twice a year, I should think. For my part, I detest the county people. They're a parcel of narrow-minded snobs, who think the beginning and end of life is to ride straight to hounds." Having relieved his jealous pangs by this vindictive burst, Fred goes to look after Mr. Trenchard's horses, and presently the barouche falls in with the line of vehicles driving towards the town, Fred and the grey in attendance, that animal suddenly amenable to reason now that he is going back to his stable. Sibyl drives home with the Stormonts, with whom she is to dine. " I do hope your dear uncle will join us at dinner," says Mrs. Stormont. That hope is nipped in the bud, for among the day's letters Mrs. Stormont finds a note from Stephen Trenchard :— "DEAB MES. STORMONT,—I do not feel well enough to avail myself of your kind invitation for this evening, so must ask you to excuse me. I will send the carriage for Sibyl at half-past ten.—Yours very truly, STEPHEN TBENCQARO." "I'm afraid your uncle is breaking up, my dear," remarks Mrs. Stormont with a sigh! "I saw a change in him when I called the other day." " That is strange," says Sibyl, " for he has not been actually ilL He has not kept his room for a single day." " He is a man of iron nerves, my love, and would be reluctant to give way to illness, but I sure that he is declining. At his age, and after a life in India, you cannot expect to have him with you many years." Sibyl looks grave. No, she has not counted on her uncle living many years, or at lea9t when she deserted her husband she told herself that the old man's life could be but brief, and that a few years of patience would be rewarded by fortune and independence for all her life to come. But since she has lived with uncle Trenchard she has been inclined to think differently. In his wiry frame and active habits, his temperance, his iron nerves, there seems the promise of life prolonged to its utmost limits. He may live to be ninety, and she be almost an old woman ere she reap the wages of her toil: and in that case what is to become of Alexis ? Mrs. Stormont's remark inspires a new hope. The end may not be so far off after alL She is not ungrateful to her uncle, she is not without some kind of affection for him, but the hope of reunion with her huBband, of forgiveness and atonement, is sweet. CHAPTER XVI. A MYSTERIOUS VISITOR. The dinner at the Stormonts' is as other dinners in the same house. The guests are Mr. and Mrs. Groshen, Dr. and Mrs. Mitsand, and one Miss Mitsand, the ugliest, as Fred remarks with a sense of injury. The flower-pots on the table, thesilver dishes, the ruby hock glasses, the finger-glasses engraved with the Greek key pattern, the talk, the twaddle, Mrs. Groshen's Honiton lace, how well Sibyl knows them all! She breathes a sigh for the days that are gone, before that slow, pompous banquet is ended, and thinks that after all there was more pleasure in a haddock and a cup of tea in Dixon-street than in all this pro vincial splendour. The talk is chiefly of the races, who was there and who was not there. The county families are brought on the table, and discussed fully, together with the genealogies, which are as well known and as complicated as if they were Greek heroes or demigods. Mrs. Stormont praises Sir Wilford Cardonnel and those dear girls his sisters, and talks of the rose-garden and ferneries at the How ; whereby she bears down rather heavily upon Mrs. Groshen. who haB never been bidden to that earthly para dise. Mr. Groshen opines that Sir Wilford better off thau most of the county people, whom he disparages as a shabby lot, but adds that at the rate Sir Wilford is going on with his drags and hunters he is likely to outrun the constable before he is many years older. That the evening entertainment which follows the feast is dull, not even Mrs. Stormont's dearest friend Mis. Groshen could deny, were her views taken on the subject, Sibyl knows every piece of furniture in the drawing-room by heart, every photograph in thr allium. She knows the Miss Stormonts' favoritr fantasias better than those performers themselves, or they would play more correctly. She know* exactly how she will be asked to play one of her lovely pieces, or to sing one of her sweet songs, and how the young ladies will pretend to delight in Chopin, and the elders praise her wonderful " fingering," and how stifled yawns will at intervals prevail among the company. She knows how Violet will tell her about some new fern she has discovered, " such a darling" ; and how Rose will ask her if she is going on the Continent this year, and will then favor her with some interesting facts about her Swiss tour with papa three years ago. What a blessed relief when the clock on the mantelpiece strikes eleven 1 Sibyl has been wondering for ever so long why her carriage has not been announced. " Dear Mrs. Stormont, I think they must have forgotten me," she says. " But we are such near neighbors, I can walk home easily." " My love, it is quite early ; don't talk of going; the carriage will come for you I am sure. We want another of those delicious sonatas. Not going, surely, Mrs. Groshen," cries Mrs. Stormont, rejoicing in her soul to see the banker and his wife advancing to her, stately and smiling to tell her that they had spent " a most enjoyable evening." Every one discovers that it is frightfully late. No one would have supposed it for an instant. How swift are the pinions of Time when pleasure quickens them ! Mrs. Stormont, pressed by Sibyl, makes an inquiry about Mr. Trenchard's carriage. It has not come. " We walked here," says Mr. Groshen. " Matilda grumbled about her dress, but I wouldn't have my horses harnessed again after they had come from the racecourse, and I couldn't have them standing in harness while she changed hei dress. It is no use having fine horses if you don't study them a little. And we're such near neighbors. We'll take care of you, Miss Faunthorpe, if you don't mind walking." I should like it," says Sibyl, with a longing look at the cool purple night beyond the open window of the gaslit room. Fred springs up eagerly from the ottoman on which he has been sitting in patient attendance on the unattractive MiBB Mitsand. Let me see you home, MiBs Faunthorpe. I shall be delighted." Sibyl runs away to put on her bonnet, and the guests issue forth in a bevy. Dr. Mitsand's useful brougham is waiting, the others walk home in the tranquil perfumed air. Fred offers hiB arm, which Sibyl accepts with the infinite ease of indifference. Mr. and Mrs. Groshen make themselves agreeable by walking on briskly. " Isn't it a lovely night 1" gasps Fred, rapturously. " Yes, it's very fine. We generally have nice evenings in June." " Ye-es," replies Fred, after judicious consideration. "I think we do. Nice long evenings, at any rate. The twenty-first being the longest of course, is a reason. Nice month for races, too; but rather rainy sometimes, don't you think ?" Sibyl concedes the point. " I remember one wet June—poured all the month—regular cats and dogs. The racecourse was a morass; of course the heaviest timbered horse won. Here we are, I declare, close to Lancaster Lodge! How I wish it was further off!" " Not very flattering to me to wish us less near neighbors," says Sibyl, laughing. " Oh, come now, Miss Faunthorpe, you know I don't mean that; but just for to-night, for the sake of prolonging this delightful walk." "Don't talk nonsense, please," says Sibyl. " And be kind enough to ring the belL" They are standing at the gate by this time, and Fred lingers, as if loth to perform that necessary duty. He rings, and the lodgekeeper opens the side gate. Sibyl offers Mr. Stormont her hand on the threshold, but gives him no invitation to enter the domaiu. " Good night," she says, and then cries suddenly, " Do you hear that ?" It is a most melodious jug-jugging from a dark clump of chestnuts near the gate. "I hear something chirping," replies Fred, dubiously. "It's the nightingale. It sings every night just at tbis time. Isn't it exquisite ?" " Rather throaty," says Fred. " Good night," repeats Sibyl, shutting the gate in his face. " Horrid young man !" she ejaculates. How, dark, and cool, and silent, save for those nightingales, the grounds are to-night! She is in no hurry to go into the house. The dewy turf, the tall black trees standing out against a sky of mixed light and color, the moon rising grandly above the elms yonder, just where the Lincaster Lodge grounds meet the edge of Redcastle Park, Sir John Boldero's domain—all is beautiful. Sibyl walks slowly along the Bhrubberied drive, and round the lawn behind the house, that wide sweep of velvet grass upon which she and her uncle spend the summer afternoons. Mr. Trenchard's study is on one side of the house. The lighted windows inform Sibyl that be has not yet retired for the night. The study opens on the lawn by a half-glass door. She can go into the house this way, and surprise her forgetful uncle by her return, and tell him all about her day, about Sir Wilford Cardonnel's attentions, of which she is proud. She thinks it will please her uncle to know that one of the magnates of the land admired her. She goes towards this glass door, but makes a dead stop before one of the study windows, startled by what she sees there. It is nothing very remarkable, perhaps, at the first showing, only uncle Stephen and a stranger j but the stranger is no ordinary person, and there is that in Stephen Trenchard's face which makes the scene remarkable. (To be continued.) 