SPORTING NOTES. By "Newmarket." The entries made on Monday last for the V.R.C. Winter Steeplechase Meeting, though they show a falling-off from last year in some, instances, are highly satisfactory as a whole/ The Maiden Hurdle Race has an entry of twenty-nine, amongst the number being Master Avenel, Pollio, Belladrom, Canary, Kanaka (who disappointed his friends so sadly some time ago at Geelong), and many other well-known horses. The Maiden Steeplechase has nineteen horses engaged, but, owing to the absurd conditions of the race in allowing 141b to horses which have never started in a steeplechase, the field is likely to be a very select one, for what chanoe | have such horses as Hands Down, Fusilier, i Topman, and Segurthur when they give a stone to such a performer as Handy Andy, who can both gallop fast and jump well ? Nineteen of the principal performers in | Adelaide and Victoria have been nominated | for the Grand National Hurdle Race, in cluding Handy Andy, Triplet, and Red Rover. The GrandNationalSteeplechaeehas eighteen | of the best horses in the eolonies engaged, ! comprising Himalaya, Stag, Blackall, the | New Zealand representative Clarence, and j other good horses. The same number have I been entered for the Selling Hurdle Race, | while thirty-eight horses are engaged in the Flat Race. Therefore, there is every reason to believe that the next Winter Steeplechase Meeting of the Y.R.C. will be a greater success than that of last year. The weights for the Melbounie Cup made their appearance on Wednesday morning, and those for the Metropolitan and Hawkes- bury Handicaps reached Melbourne soon after. This year Mr. Barnard has made a much heavier handicap than usual for the big event, Darebm being placed at the top with 9st 91b. The handicapper was evidently of opinion that, as it was decided the lowest weight should not be less than 6st, it was necessary the top weights should be increased in proportion. This is where I think he has made a mistake. In my opinion, it does not matter a hit whether a horse carries ost 71b or 6st if he is considered good enough to train and start for a race like the Cup ; but every pound over 8st 71b does tell upon a horse's chance. I have not time this week to critically go through the weights, 1 but next issue I will give my readers a list of the horses I consider best treated. The handicaps to be run at Cauifield on j the 1st July were issued on Monday last, I Larpent being at the top of the tree 'for the j Ladies' Trophy with 9st 91b— not too much, j considering his running in the Newmarket | Handicap, where he ran third with 8st 61b, j having some of the fastest horses in the land j behind him, and again in the Flying Handi- j cap at Rand wick, where, carrying Ost 121b, he I ran a close second to Somerset, who ran the j six furlongs in lmin. lofsec. Respite, at 21b j less, has all that he is entitled to, but Sir j Joseph, judged by recent performances, could j hardly expect less than 9st 51b. The same j remark applies to Belladrum, who ought to J be well able to carry 8st 121b. Liberator, I when well, is said to be able to accomplish a very fast three-quarters of a mile, and as he is J a powerful colt, with plenty of size, he should not be troubled with 8st 81b. The j others, down to Verdure, are fairly handi- j capped, but I consider the daughter of Beth- - I nal Green and Torpea has a little the best of j the weights. This mare has won two of the I fastest six-furlong races ever run at Fleming- j ton, which stamps her as one of the speediest I animals in Victoria over three-quarters of a j mile. Nautilus, JSricthonens, Gonzago, The I Ghost, and Tumult have eaoh their full allowance of weight, . but Transferred, with I 7st 81b, should be handy at the finish ; so should Squireen, with 7st 71b. This colt ran more than respectably when he was second to Verdure at the Hunt Club Meeting. Of/the others, the two-year-olds Mistake, Anglesey, Scipio, and King Charles are well In, seeing j that on the day of running they will j be within one month of being three-year-olds. J In the Victoria Gold Cup, Young Deceiver is allotted the pride of place with I2st I01b, certainly a big weight, but even with that heavy j impost he should nearly, if sot quite, win. Mr. j Glasscock's Adelaide purchase, Erin, follows j with 12st 71b, and as he will have the services of the crack amateur horseman, Mr. ( W. Glasscock, to steer him, he isBure to have ' many friends, but I think there will be some t difficulty in keeping him on his feet. The others, with the exception of Bight Bower, are , not rnnnh known to steeplechase fame, therefore they are hardly likely to trouble the top weights much at the finish. Left Bower heads the list in the Open steeple chase with list 101b, and if he is in any thing like toe form he was when he won the double at Warrnambool three years ago, he won't find the weight trouble him. Colling- wood, with list 71b, is not badly used, but Chrysalis, who is now as poor as a crow, is not favourably treated with list 2ib. Young Deceiver, at lOst 111b, having a lot the best of her. Of the rest, perhaps Freedom, with 9st, is the best in. The handicaps, taken as a whole, appear to be equitably adjusted, though there are snre to be some owners who will find canse for complaint ; but, however, let us hope that the main object of the Y.A.T.C. will be attained, and that we shall see large fields and good racing at Oaulfield on Separation Day. Mr. Cox announces in our advertising columns another meeting at Kensington Park on Monday, 3rd July. The programme con sists of six events, and a good day's raring nVinnlrl ho fho ronnlfc The Victorian Trotting Club (limited) will hold a meeting on Saturday, 12th August. The programme will consist of a Maiden Trot, mile heats ; and Three Minnie Glass, mile heats, best three in five. Particulars will be found in our advertising columns. Several racehorses, the property of Mr. E. Weeks, were offered for sale at Kirk's Bazaar on Monday last, and although there was a large attendance of sporting mea presentf only a few of the lots changed hands. The first to enter the ring was Beggar Girl, 2 yrs, by Hawthornden from Mountain Maid, who went to Mr. Hillier, a bargain, for 29 guineas, the auctioneer facetiously remarking that the price ought to be a guarantee that there was no reserve. Cora, A yrs, by Clansman, from Atalanta, was the next to enter the arena, and after some feeble bidding she was secured by Mr. Cavanagh, of India, dirt cheap, for 40 guineas. Folle Farine, 2 yrs, by Morning Star from Ouida, was booght by her trainer, Mr. T. Jones, for 30 guineas. One hundred .guineas were bid for Banter, by Conrad, winner a! kVlA A WAlni/1 A hnf MA VtTAM « U1 VUC AUCUtiUC VUpi vuv iiv IT QD pcaOoCU JXij the reserve being 200 guineas. Saladin, by Horatio, failed to find a purchaser. Stag, the winner of the Hnrdls Bsce and Steeple chase at the late S. A. J.3. Meeting, was next offered. He is a very wiry, game-looking little horse, but has a very light, fiat barrel, that does not look like being able to carry weight. He was started at 150, and after some time went up to 300 guineas, but he was passed in, the reserve being nearly £1,000. Comet, 2 yrs, by Panic from Even- ing Star, Monitor, Dongalston, Advance, and Abd&llah;, were all passed in. The names of Creswick and Britisher were omitted from the first published list of entries for the Hawkesbury Grand Handicap. This addition brings the total nnmber of nomina tions for this event up to eighty-six. Four of Mr. Toners horses— Gossip, Merry- maid, Tell-tale, and Quickeilver — have arrived from Warrnambool, and are located at Flemington, where they will undergo their preparations for their V.A.T.C. and V.B.C. engagements. A lad named Tidier, in the employ of Mr. J. E. Saville, of Adelaide, was kicked in the head by a racehorse, and died on the way to the hospital. \- On Tuesday last, the well- known racehorse Bobbie Burns, by Panic, was offered for sale at Kirk's Bazaar, bnt failed to find a pur chaser. A colt, 2 yrs, by Young Camden, was sold to Mr. J. A. Campbell for 21 guineas, and a brood mare by Yonng Camden went to Mr. Bodgers for 21 guineas. The racehorses Himalaya, Chrysalis, Fusi lier, Don Pedro, and Mars have been placed in the hands of Mr. F. C. Goyder for sale. The Bendigo folks were tolerably successful with their annual winter steeplechase meet ing, which was held on Wednesday last. The weather was dull and threatening in the morning, and remained dnll daring the day. T .nrtlrJltf flia infcMela a? olnl il.A Ajuwnuj suo iuvumoio vi. nuc UUU| iliq epecial which left Melbourne was well filled, as the loeal people are rather shy with their patronage, and do not display the amount of 8peculation|in matters appertaining to the turf that they do in the sharebroking business. The course and all its surroundings looked well, but the racing as a whole was rather tame. The spirit of speculation received an early check by the defeat of Monitor, who was thought to be one of the best things of the day ; but though the son of Praetor looked weH to the eye, he evidently was not himself, as he never looked dangerous in any part of the raoe, and Glenorvan, who was nicely li&ndled; by young Jellett, won cleverly. This iorse seems to have profited by the careful attentions of that clever trainer, J. Morrison, as he did not appear the least distressed on coming 'in- Napoleon ran respectably, con sidering how he was pulled and hauled about by Kilduff, who ran him all over the course, and narrowly escaped going inside a post. Dundreary was very sore, and was totally enable to rise at the first two hurdles, which he ran through, and fell at the third, giving Mascall a nasty fall. The Tele- graph bts.kea was only a canter for Gon- zago while the Steeplechase was won xtom end to end by Sarefield, who was not overburdened with weight. Collingwood ran an honest horse, but he could not pace with the winner, who possesses plenty of speed, and is a r£e fencer, the style in which he etood off and took his fences being a treat to witness. Tin? Selling _ Race was un interesting, as Miss Windsor got the start, . and went like a nnu. at a red rag fox the winning-post, which she reached a half- dozen lengths in front of her only opponent. The Trotting Race was one of the most inte resting events of the day, the fields being large, and speculation rife. None of the Yankee importations showed to advantage daring the race, and old Wanderer, who can stay as long as a street Arab in a candy store, cut his field down one by one, and won as he liked, tons stamping himself as the best horse in Australia over a distance of ground. There was one thing in connection with the meeting that caused some perplexity to Mel bourne visitors, viz., why it was that the special train did not go on to the course instead of stopping at -Sandhurst, and the conclusion arrived at was that the object was to give tl cabby" an opportunity of earning a few .extra dollars. Whether that was so or not, a it does seem strange that when there is a railway to toe course the public are not allowed the opportunity of using it. The legal proceedings I alluded to last week have how assumed a definite shape, and on Monday last Mr. Henry Phillips, the owner of the well-known racehorse PellMell, issued j a writ against Mr. William Lang for the j illegal detention of the horse above- mentioned. 1 It is said that there will be considerable \ interest in the case. - j . Morris Griffin, the well-known trainer, has j received £250 compensation from the Bail- I way Department for injuries at the recent j railway collision at the Windsor station. The committee of the Victorian Betting I Club have considered the case of Commotion, I Belladrnm, and Pollio, the three horses who ran a dead heat for the Adelaide Cup, and j have decided that those who backedeither of j the three dead-heaters for a place are finked ! to two-thirds of their money, This finding is more liberal than was expected, as most backers only expected to get one-third of their money. There is still the same bitter feeling exist ing between the racing clnbs of South Ana- trail a ftfl nf rnwj TKn r xtauiu UlUU held a meeting on Thursday last, when it was decided to adopt the V.B.C. rules. The clnb also intend publishing a racing calendar of j their own, but will recognise the Jockey Club ! Calendar, their own being published merely to protect themselves against the rival club, j who have refused to insert their advertise- j ments. By the Carisbrook Castle, which sails for ! India to-day, Mr. -R. J. Hunter takes with j him about 20Q well-bred horses, specially ! selected for the Indian market. The horseR ' are the progeny of Panic, Slanderer, Croagh Patrick, Patriarch, Little Fish, and other well-known sires. Mr. H. Fisher has sold Conrtenay, the speedy son of Yattendon and Mandragora, to Mr. M'Alister, of Wagga Wagga, the i owner of - Jessie, who defeated Navigator at Randwick. Rainbow and Hilltop, in charge of CoIIey, have taken their departure for Bockhampton, where they will meet toe Queensland crack. Proctor. -Lsuircum b uau-oromer, jrrometneus, by Tubal Cain from Lurline, for whom such a high price was refused, covered bimRplf with glory by winning the Victoria Cup at the Adelaide Accession Meeting on Tuesday last in rare style, and never giving his opponents a chance. Seeing that Topaz and Tyropean were amongst the defeated ones, the per formance is a highly creditable one. Seven Hills, Saint (late Bayard), and Main- brace have been scratched for toe Victoria Gold Cup, and Bhea for the Ladies' Trophy. The Adelaide Observer says Mr. John Wilson and his trainer, Watson, were to have sailed for India last Tuesday in the Rollo with Sir Peter and his companions, but unfortu nately a difficulty arose with reference to an - amount of £o alleged to be due to Mr. J Chalwin, the veterinary surgeon, and the ship has been detained pending the hearing I of the case in the Port Arfolairfa i<Di Mr. Wilson was anxious to have the hearing j take place at once, and paid ' the amount in j dispute into court, but as the plaintiff and his witnesses were not prepared to go on, there was nothing for it but to delay the sailing ;of the ship. It is very hard lines for the spirited circus proprietor, as he is paying £60 a day demurrage through the postpone- j ment of the ship's departure. There are about 200 horses on board altogether, the I shipment being valued at £10,000. I Mr. D. Robinson, of Caulfield, has quite a houseful of disabled jockeys, and, as the fickle goddess has not been very lavish with her J smiles of late years, the veteran trainer finds I it no easy task to support so many crippled j lads. Young Phillips, who received an j Injury to his knee while riding at one of the j np-country meetings, is still unable to earn j anything. This lad, who is the main | support of his mother, has appealed I to the V.B.C. committee for a grant j from the Disabled Jockeys' Fond, but. I llVrnnrrU +V. l: iz . I - 1 jZ was til renamed, the appeal has, so far, been unfruitful, wherefore I do not know, as this case -appears to be as worthy of assistance as any that might be brought before their notice. Mr. W. Glasscock, the popular cross country rider, will leave for India, shortly I after the July meeting of the V.A.T.C., with several well-bred horses selected for the Indian market. An accident, which happily was not at tended with any serious results, occurred on Tuesday morning on the training ground I at Flemington. It appears that. Williamson | was riding Soothsayer a working gallop, I when the bit broke, and the son of Kelpie I bolted. Fortunately Mr. M'Kenna, who was on the course at the time, promptly hastened to the outer gates, and closed them before I the horse could get out. Soothsayer gal- J loped about for some time, when he was I stopped without sustaining any injoiy. Some I praise is due to the clever light-weight Wil- I liamson for so courageously sticking to his I horse in such a critical moment. j 