"-H AMLET;IN~ UNDRESS." MAZ, EDWARDS, manager for Edwin Booth ;-thus describes their appearance at Watevburry,(~Coin.; flast-wivter -when- the; troop played without_.,their costumes: " When I found the`ii;gaage `with the costumes had not arrived, I, was just going .to;,thr.ivw myselfl into',the river, when I though?tJ??would go anid tellMr. Bdoth ab?uiu it and lid-good-bye to somne ,of tliihe' ple wh1o bad always thought a deal of me,,bfo,6re" killing mysell., '' o, my astoiishment, Mr. -Booth took it as cool is you" would take i/an invitation,.to: 'drink? ie Hsaid,'inasiiuch as the people' were in the liall, lie would. make a few remarks to them aboutthe.arcident, and then they would go on anid .play three acts 'of ihrkt,'"in'tli'k bthesth t eyhad on. -And so it-was--fixed..up.. thai .. way.. Well the thou~-,q? amlJet in? ashot tailed Eb A'Etnc iiig, l th>EtP ' ts iat dC .me sickt,aun whenýr.Pot came on the stage,,I looking,R:like anq .Fpisqppoa Minister, withp KnightPipln.r's?bl.eese .kniife,ltl.tapthe,hadoborroawed,.,i .co uldnt ,thinki of 4ny.thing tbut Itiinlott4l [for :got alloaboutel]is?hlothes;,andt I:,believe if he had oulyvhad a.r:dd firemhan~slshirtl .the: pe?lo old'rdll oblyhave seen Hamlet: I telf? u'-iii is the, greatest actor ever hli're'd)? .rTtpeople sat perfectly still; and seemed wraplpednp iiB66ith.- That,is, thei wecre w"hen``they'ldi'd t? k at the other-fellows. - -But' when: they took in L?etes, with- a short, liham-fat coat on a pair ..of, lahdedah b pants, .and a pan cake hat on, it seemednto.: me -I :could' hear them smile.:" And'the kinig,. 1Hhm le?t's step- father, lie was,a sight.. Imagine a king lwith a cutavay chequered, coat, a Pulman car-,blanket, thro.wn :over his shoulders for-a robe;:and a leg of, a chair for a sceptre, mashed on a qiueen with a travelling dress, and grey"wollecn baque, Swith liuttbnson it. And tlink -of Po to lius with a linen duster nud straw liht wi-th ritlhon oni. Oh, it made me tired. Ophelia was all right' cuoygh. " She. had on some.drazy clothes tlia she hal boeen travelling in, and we got pome straw out 6of a barn and some artificial- flowers out of the ibonnets, and she pulled through pretty :well.. But the ghost. You'd have died to see the ghost. HIe had on one of-those long had-me.down ulster overcoats with a buckle in the back as big as a currycomb, and the. belt was hiuidlng down on both sides. The boys got` him a green mosquito bar to put over it, and wiithl astuffed iclub for'a!sceptre, he fell ov'r a chair and then came on ... I should have`laughed if' IT-had beeh on my death-oi d when he saidto Htiiileto - I? am 'thy ;fthcrs: ghost.st: He looked meor like a drumineirfor a:ivholesale con fectiqnary house, with':?i sort of-. ti.n skimit?r on hisi headi and I believe tlhe audienc ;iwould . have gone iwild with laughter if it had not been for Mr. iB'loth. I 'don't believe you could, get him to laugh on. a stage for a million 'dollars. : He.jist :looked at the ghost as though it was a genuine one, and: the !udience looked at Boodbth and forgot all about the ulster,' land the ghosts pants .b being rolled :up at the ,bottom. It was i' probably the greatest triumph that an actor ever had for' Mr. Booth to compel the vast audience to forget the ludi Scrous surroundings and think only of " the character he was portraying. I wouldn't have: missed' the night's per formance for a thousand dollars, and when, at ten- o'clock, I heard the boys getting the trunks upstairs, I was almost sorry. The last two acts were played with the costumes, but they were no better performed than the first. Still, I think, on the whole I had rather they would be there. It makes a manager feel better." 