Even a Conservative must be tho roughly satisfied by this timo that the system of managing our railways through a political Minister sitting in Parliament, and exposed to the fire of party criticism right and left, is a com- plete and irremediable failure. We havo tried the experiment under a variety of circumstances and for a number of years. Each party by turn lias had a hand at it, and the result has ' been a steady and undeviating advance in the direction of disorganisation in every department. Accidents and irre gularities are of almost daily occur rence. Tho rolling stock is allowed to fall into decay or to fall short of the public wants. Time tables are altered in tho most eccentric manner, without reference to the public convenience, and no one can be certain what tho fare will be from one month to another. No provision is made for an extra accommodation. Passengers are carried in cattle trucks, and they are for tunate if they arrive at their destination three or four hours after time, and with out being crushed and suffocated by the pressure of numbers. In the goods de partment matters are, if possible, still worse. Scarcely an industry that does not suffer one way or another. The wood merchant complains that his trade has been brought to a standstill for want of supplies from tho country,- and the farmer points in despair to the heaps upon heaps of produce lying rotting at the various stations because tho Minister and the traffic manager between them never thought of providing rolling stock to meet the de mands of the season. The mileage" rates are raised or lowered without the slight- ess attempt to arrive at an equitable or scientific standard of uniformity. As likely as not tho producer, who lives at the end of tho line, has to pay more in proportion for tho carriage of his pro duce than the man who has not half the distance to travel Somebody makes tho discovery, sends it to tho newspapers, where the general public become ac quainted with it for the first timo, and the injustice is righted. A variety of excuses are offered, but the most popular justification is that tho railways ore beginning to be worked on commercial principles, and if the public will culy wait a little while, they will find the advantage when the de partmental balance- sheets are laid.upon the table of tho Assembly by tho Treasurer. As a matter of fact, it turns out to be no justification at all. Whatever giving . is made in one branch is more than ' swallowed up by tho exceptional ex penditure in another. Tho rolling stock being nllowod to fall into disrepair in the cause of oconomy, an accident happens like that at Jolimont, and soino £30,000 or £-10,000 go in damages and law expenses. In the mean while, tho ontiro working ma chinery of tho dopnrtmont is in a state of jar and collision. From the top to tho bottom there is nothing but a condition of unwholesome - para lysis, alternating with still moro dan gerous fits of spasmodic activity. Every ono takes his cuo from tho Minister of the day. If ho is a roi faineant like Mr. Gillies, makes no prctonco to a knowledge of his businoss, and prudently leaves things in tho hands of his officers, they shape their conduct by tho pattern of his, and do as littlo as possible to at tract public attention to tho department. On tho other hand, if he is fussy, and wants to mako a reputation for himself as a railway reformer, they aro ready to humor him to tho top of his bent with novol schemes and suggestions, which ho takes up to-day and drops to morrow without apparent xhymo or reason. If the public waxes impa tient, ho has nothing to do but to shift the responsibility on to tho shoulders of his subordinates; and then tho disor ganisation proceeds apace. The wholo ' service is thrown into a state of turmoil and confusion. Nobody feels safe, from tho engincer-in-cbief, at the top of tho tree, to tho humblest stoker at the bot tom. Generally tho victim is selected on political grounds. If he owed his promotion to a Liberal Government, ho falls, almost a3 a matter of course, as soon as over a Conservative Government wants bis placo and can find a decent excuse for taking it. Mr. Woods follows Mr. Gillies, Mr. Patterson follows Mr. Woods, and Mr. Bent follows Mr. Patter son. Each is subject to tho pressure of party considerations ; each lias his personal prejudices and preferences to servo ; each is anxious to curry a littlo public favor at tho oxpense of his pre decessor, and all adopt tho same means of arriviug at their ends. Charges of corruption or incompetency are made in the newspapers of the party or on tho floor of the House, boards are appointed to investigate them, and a notice in the Gazette does tho rest. This is literally the way that tho railways aro managed under the polilioal system of manage ment in vogue in Victoria. The system has proved to be so productive of abuses that it is almost impossible to exhaust them in a single catalogue. Tho general public do not see one half of them. They know when an accident of unusual magnitude happens ; or when an enginoer-in-chief or a traffic manager is sent about his business ; or when a wholo district is left without truck ac commodation — but the waste in material and in working power which goes on beneath tho surface, through the paralys! ing affects of the system, experience shows that they have no means of knowing. Experience i3 therefore dead against the perpetuation of the system ; and we are satisfied that no permanent improve ment cau be hoped for as long as it is maintained. What has occurred in the past will occur more frequently and with mere mischievous effects in tho futuro as the railways increase, and the man agement becomes more complicated and 'difficult. Each year adds to the business of the department, and adds therefore to the responsibility and work of' the Minister who is supposed to representit in Parliament. As the lines are extended, the demands upon his time, temper, and organising power grow with them. Mr. Woods has more to do than Mr. Gillies; Mr. Patterson has more to do than Mr. Woods aud Mr. Bent ha3 more to do than Mr. Patterson. None of them aro experts; that is to say, none of them have any experience in railway manogement, and they each throw ftho blamo or allow the public to throw it upon their subordi nates. The next Kail way Minister may possibly have fewer qualifications than any of them ; but he will certainly be subjected to still greater claims upon his administrative skill If this is the case, as it undoubtedly is, what chance is there of getting rid of the abuses under which the travelling public now groan and labor '! Absolutely none. The system i3 radically bad, and we must go from bad to worse unless we make up our minds to grasp our nettle bravely, and substitute a better in its place. The abuses indicate what the remedy ought to be. They have their origin in the radical absurdity of entrusting the man agement of tho railways to a poli tician who is the mere creature of a party in the Assembly ; who may be in office to-day and out of it to morrow ; who knows nothing, and is responsible for everything ; and who, to save his reputation from the criticism of his opponents, stuffs the department as full as he can with his friends, for the most part possessed of as few qualifica tions as himself. As we shall endeavor to show in a future article, there is nothing whatever to mako us cling to such an unhealthy state of things, There is no policy associated with the work of railway management to render it expedient to keep it political. After Parliament has decided what lines ought to be constructed, aiidhas voted tbomonoy for constructing them, its intervention ought to cease ; and the practical work of carrying the public with the utmost expedition, and on the most economical terms consistent with public conve nience, should be loft to experts. The ghost of pan-Slavism, is ever walking to and fro in the earth, frightening timid people from their propriety, and re cently its appearance has been moro portentous than ever. Tho Slavs are a very respectable section of the human family, although somowhat behind their brethren in polish and education. Their intrinsic equality with the other racos of Europe may be admittod, but when they claim superiority they must be some what sternly admonished to be less demonstrative. General Skoboloff, as their mouthpieco, has declared a vendetta against the German race, and when ho did so he evidently meant busi ness. The threat is a terrible one in so far as it is calculated to lead to a breach of the peace, but as regards any probable results, it is more fraught with danger to tho Slavs themselves than to the objects of their antipathy. Tho pan- Slavist idea is that the Czar — who, by the way, is of the German race — is their natural leader, and that they should be united under his authority so as to con stitute a power wh'ich might overcome all others in Europe. Although there is no danger of such a consummation being arrived at, it will not be unprofitable to look at some of the probable con sequences of the attempt being made. Tho Slavs aro by no means a puro race, and there is as much difference be tween some of its sections as there is between the Italians, tho French, the j Koumanians and the Spaniards. These are all members of the Latin race — very much mixed, hut not more so than the Slavs — and yet their union is novor dreamt of. In liko manner tho Ger mans, tho Dutch, tho Danes, tho Scandi navians and tho English aro quite as much Toutonic as the Czechs, tho Bos nians, tho Servians, tho Bulgarians, tho Montenegrins, tho Poles and tho Rus sians aro Slavic. The idea of , a union being accomplished betweon tho com munities of any of these races is of course propostorous, and that of tho pan- Slavists tho most so. Nor do tho Slavs wish for such a union. Tho Czochs, for instance, no doubt desire autonomy or independence, but they havo no wish to bocome Russians. Tho Poles aro moro likoly to strike at than for tho Russians, and ono of tho most probablo rosults of a war betwoon Ger many and Russia would bo the restora tion of the ancient kingdom of Poland in alliance with Gormany. The Bul garians may becomo Russiauisod against their will, but they would profor to re main as thoy are. Tho Czechs would liko to rcstoro tho Kingdom of Bo hemia, but not to exchange their Aus trian masters for any othor superior. Tho smaller Slavonic communities have so much local patriotic feeling that they would resist absorption into larger states. Before Russia can annex them they would have to be subjugated, as Poland was ; but thoro are not likely to be any repetitions of that scandal Tho number of Slavs in Russia is, in cluding the Poles, about 60,000,000. Tho next greatest Slav power is un doubtedly Austria-Hungary, out of whose gross population of 38,000,000 there are about 17,000,000 who aro noithor Germans, Magyars, Roumanians, Italians, gipsies nor Jews, and may be regarded as more or less Slavic. The Balkan prin cipalities, including Bosnia, have a po pulation of about 6,000,000. Tho whole of tho miscellaneous tribes who can be claimed as Slavs thus number about 83,000,000 souls, or littlo more than one-fourth of the population of Europe. This is a very respectable sum, but it does not amount to so much as tho number of the Latin races, and is very much below that of the Toutonic. Thore is, there fore, not much danger of the moro civilised moiety of Europo being over run by tho hordes of pan-Slavists. In a contest between the Slav and the Ger man, the result, in the improbable case of the former winning the day, would bo tho dismemberment of the Austrian Empire, and the erection of two or moro now Slav principalities out of the frag ments ; and in the event of tho German being successful, the dismemberment of Russia would as cortainly ensue. ' Tho daugor arising from tho un- gardod utterances of such a firebrand as General Skobeloff does not imme diately follow the act of indis cretion. Governments are not usually in a state of preparedness for com mencing hostile operations, so that, however, willing for the fray either or both of them may be, they are under the necessity of masking their designs in order to bo ready to take advantage of any fresh provocation that may bo given. Cordial explanations may even ho exchanged, and renewed protestations of a desire for peaco uttered, although mutual distrust may lead them severally to a determination to take tho earliest opportunity of quarrelling. At the boginning of a misunderstanding it is very difficult to ascertain the real feelings of thoso who aro parties to it. Perhaps it will never be known whether General Skobeloff', in his repeated allusions to a probable war of races, was acting upon inspiration or in defiance of the pacific wishes of his superiors. At the timo of tho indiscretion he was travelling abroad on loave of absence, or, as some say, under a sentence of honorable exile. After about a week he was recalled to St. Petersburg, but whether to oxplain his conduct, or to be taken into consulta tion, or to be scolded, can only bo known to himself and his master. The Czar, it is said, dare not degrade him, he is too much an idol of the army and the people. Tho Czar is believed to be sincerely desirous of peace ; he is even suspected of being a poltroon, his brief military career in Bulgaria having, it is said, afforded evidence of the justice of the imputation, wbilo his abject fear of his subjects manifested since he came to the throne gives additional color to tho suspicion. But ho is not master in his own house, and it is precisely such men of weak resolution who become the ready instrument of more daring spirits. It will be remembered that after the close of the Balkan war rumors were in circulation that the Crown Prince of Germany had spoken dis paragingly of the Czarewitch's solicitude for his own safety when he was before the enemy, and that there was a proba bility of the affair ending in a duel — a scandal which was of course averted. A reconciliation was not, however, brought about till after the catastrophe which left the throne of Russia vacant. In his father's time ho was credited with holding pan-Slavistic views, and with having n hatred of the Germans — feel ings not at all inconsistent with bis dis inclination to take an active share in hostilities. He is not likely willingly to declare war, but ho mny easily drift into it, the decision boing mado for him, There is yet another danger arising from tho disturbance of the friendly relations between the courts of Berlin and St. Petersburg, Should Prince Bis marck arrive at the conclusion that war is likely ultimately to break out, he may deem it a wise policy to precipi tate; tho event, whenever it may ap pear to him to be safe to do so. Ger many is always in a state of prepara tion, and Russia may, by entering into new alliances and otherwise, acquire strength. If there must be a struggle it had better be got over quickly, when thore can bo little doubt about the issue. Austria can always be made use of as tho stalking horse. The struggle in Bosnia, aud the known sympathy of the pan-Slavists with the insurgents are sure to supply matter for contention. The very circulation of Skobeloflrs speech among the Slav subjects of Austria would afford a sufficiont cause for complaint. There aro always military operations and strengthening of forts and armaments on both sides of the frontier. Insults are frequently ex changed, and these, in times really peaceful, are allowed to pass without any serious misunderstanding ; but when the relations between the neighboring powers aro strained, brawls are easily provoked and magnified. Thus, although there is no obvious or early prospect of a deadly encounter, there is always danger when tho decision rests with ono man on one sido and depends on tho fanaticism of a wide spread organisation on tho other. If General Skobeloff ba allowed to retain his position in tho army, bo will bo ouiboidonod to prooeod ,with his agitation. Should ho have , ragain to leave Russia, he "will throw himself into the pan-Slavistic cause with embittered hatred against tho Germans. There is thus but littlo prospect of any other poaco than a hollow one being maintained. Thoro is yet a third danger. The Poles, Czechs, Croats aud other dis- affocted nationalities of Russia and Austria, already excited by the rovolt in Bosnia and tho Herzegovina, and know ing that tho pan-Slavistic cry is once moro boing raised in Russia, may bo ex cited to commonco agitation on their own account. In this event it is by no means clear what part Gormany would take in the mcU'e. Prince Bismarck has i novor uttered a word to lead anyone to suppose that ho has any intention of taking Austria's part in any encounter « with her own subject races. On tho contrary, ho is suspected of cherishing the hopo that the dual cmpiro will fall to pieces, in which enso ho would mako sure of the incorporation of the Teutonic moiety into tho German empire. Aus tria was expelled from the confederation because sho was the rival of Prussia. That rivalry can never bo revived, and her reabsorption is now one of tho Chan cellor's cherished projects. In tbo ovent of a civil war in Austria, Germany would assuredly look on without raising a finger. The allianco betwoen the two kaisers is restricted to an undertaking to repel a foreign attack. If Austria be invaded, Germany will stand faithfully by her sido. But 'thero are many Austrians who distrust Bismarck even thus far, and tho JSTcue Freie Fresse of tho 23rd of February created much astonishment by giving expression to the opinion that oven in the event. of a wa£ between Russia and Austria the Germalif Chan cellor would endeavor to withdraw from tho bargain if he could show that the war was brought about by Austria's own imprudence. It is only in case of Russia making a wanton attack on his ally that Bismarck would interfere. This is hardly crediblo, but the enunciation of such a ' view of the cose seems to show that tbo effusive friendship of Germany does not satisfy all parties in Vienna. The air of Central Europe is unquestionably thick and stifling, and mischief may be set afoot when it is least expected. 