LIEUTENANT WILKINSON'S LECTURE. AN address was delivered last night at the Albert Hall by Lieutenant Alfred Wilkinson, an "evangelist serving under the restored apostles of the Lord." There were about thirty persons present, principally ladies. The chair was taken by My. G. Clark, of Talgai, who briefly introduced the lecturer, and asked the audience to permit him to permit him to sit during his address, owing to his age. The subject of the lecture waa " the meaning of the figures of the cherubim spoken of in Holy Scripture, as bearing upon the fourfold ministry of the Church of Christ." Mr. Wilkinson took the Bible history and described the first appearance of the cherubim at the Garden of Eden, and followed up their history to the foot of Mount Sinai, and thence to the taber- nacle in the wilderness. He showed how the likeness of the cherubim was kept in the "holy of holies," both in the tabernacle and in the temple of Solomon. The three places in the court of the tabernacle and the temple was the outer court for the offering of sacrifices, the holy place wherein the shevv-bread was kept, and the holy of holies, which was only entered by tho high priest once a year. In the holiest place was the ark of the covenant, with the cherubim over- shadowing the mercy seat. All these arrange ments were made in accordance with God's commands through His prophets. The building was all ordained by divine rule and pattern. The peculiar features in the temple of Solomon were the constant use of the figure of the cherubim in all the furniture of the place. The lecturer considered there was a deep meaning in all this-the cherubim were typical of the new dispensation. The likeness was fourfold. There was the face of tho ox, tho lion, the lamb, and the eagle, according to the book of the prophet Ezekiel, and there was no further record of the appearance of the figure of the cherubim in the Bible. These fourfold faces were, the lecturer contended, only symbols of tho character of Christ's ministry, and they` all centred in the "Son of God made man." In Christ's life it was shown that he was the lion of the tribe of Judah ; as the eagle, He was like the prophet Moses, able to,throw light upon the things of darkness ; and as the lamb He had laid down His life, healed the sick, and preached the gospel of peace. The lecturer then stated that Christ - after His resurrection - had appeared amongst men, and abode with the dis ciples for forty days. On the fiftieth day the Holy Ghost had been given to the apostles, the gospel had been preached, and Christianity had been developed by its disciples.' The lecturer then dwelt upon the definition given by St. Paul in the epistle to the Ephesians of the gifts that God had given to men as well as of "the unity of the spirit in the bond of peace." " To some," St. Paul says, "he gave apostles, and some, prophets, and some, evangelists,' and some, pastors and teachers, for the perfecting of tho saints, for the work of the ministry, for the edifying of the body of Christ." It was thus seen that to each Christian certain work was given him to do. He believed that the present dispensation was drawing to a close, that the day of Christ's second coming was at hand. At the same time it was not for him to interpret God's purposes. All power and glory waa centred in Him, and He would make all things plain. In conclusion,, the lecturer stated that in connection with his own mission he believed that God had restored the ministry of the Apostles, and that He had again sent His Evangelists to preach the Gospel of the king- dom of life. He believed that Christ had con quered death, the last enemy, and that the true gospel was the hope of eternal life. The lecturer's address was very earnestly delivered, and was listened to with attention which evidenced it deserving of a larger au- dience. FROM Ipswich Reservo (£7thi November) our correspondent writes :-Sinco my last tho weather has boon warra, with occa- sional light showers, though not sufficient to bo of much benefit. A day's rain now would bo very welcome, as tho hot weather succeeding tho lato hoavy rains has caked tho surface. Wo have, however, but very little cauao to complain of the season this year, and an occasional grow 1 ia morely an indication of tho Englishman's proverbial privilege Last year at this timo cattle woro dying of starvation and drought, whilo farming operations word completely at a stand Hill ; at present stock of all kinds are in good condition, waterholes and creeks overdo« ing, crops making vigorous giowth, and consequently ovidoncca of proa pcrity on all aidea. THE Mail's correspondent at Temora statea that in No, 1 south Shamrock claim minors aro sinking for tho old Shamrock reef to the south and to tho east for tho Funny Parnell reef. Tho width of stono in the S. A. Company's workings averages about lSin., so far aa it is considered payable, but thero ia an inuuonao body of quart/, in piaocs, Tho amount crushed ia about 1251 tona, whioh has yielded 595oz. gold. Mining mattera ho reports to bo gouo rally dull, but thero had boon somo glorious rain aud tho puddling machines had plenty of water, .. ii . ' i' i ' 