[?] HENRY KENDALL. Br Fbanois J. Donohztb. Where pines with the eagles are nestled in rifts, And the torrent leaps do ira to the surges, '.''':' .1 have followed her, clambering' OTer the clifts, ' By the chasms and moon-haunted verges. ?? ., ; !I know shejrfair as the angels are fair, , ,?', ITor have I'not.caught a faint glimpse of her there, A glimpse of her face, and her glittering hair, ; &' And a hand with the Harp of Australia P ??-.,. ; I sever caa reach yon, to hear tho sweet voice ? So full with the music of fountains 1 Oh I whep will you meet with that soul of your choice, Who will lead you down here from the mountains P— A lyre bird lit on a shimmering space : It dazzled mine eyes, and I turned from the place, : And wept in the dark for a glorious face, - And a hand with the Harp of Australia ! Jlmokg those gracefully verse-woven old-world 'legends of William Morris, in his volumes of '' The Earthly Paradise,' there is, one entitled ?'The Death of Paris.' ';'' The beauty-dowered ?shepherd, of Troy had sought succour at the hands of the maid he had left . in her native 'pastures; what time the' fair white god - dess to whom he had awarded the guerdon of loveliness despoiled Menelaus in his favour. Thsse , were the days of Nature's supremaey, when Man had eyes to recognize all her multiform manifes tations of Beauty. Man worshipped Nature in her endless shapes of delight, and the prevailing pantheism had for priests and acolytes all thing* that were of grace and bliss and loveliness. Paris has ever seemed to those who rightly eompre ihend the spirit of these vanished ages, the em bodiment and personification of all this. He was A portion of Nature's universal beauty, and what ever was of brightness in the sunlight, or melody in wind or rill,— of pleasurable or alluring in abstract or material beauty, or of perfect and beautiful in man's dreams of supernal god or mortal maiden, — all these found their central type in him. This graceful boy offered fehe world's incense on the altar of Beauty. Its hymn ascended to the ear of Nature through his lips. Hie career was the epic of the Age of Gold. The 2-ioture presented by the poet, therefore, is very effective and telling when the slighted ehepherd Biaid turns away from the bier of the dying Paris aad he takes his farewell of all that wealth of Nature's poetry to whioh ho had given visible ex pression, — when, facing once more the summer light/ that yet bathed him in a glow of wonted glory, from his lips broke forth a last mighty ery to her whose loveliness had brought woe to Troy —when the spell was broken, and the life-epic was ?ndtedi ancl ,.'?/. ; , —yet the sky , Changed not above that cast-back golden head, And merry was the world— though he was dead. It ii, perhaps, needless t» point out the applica bility to our present subject of this reference'; Paris was the mute poet of the Golden Age. He lived the music that now we are fain to essay distantly to sing. In the career of the Trojan shepherd, from his dreams in those sunlit pastures when he saw those fair shapes of immortal beauty, to his last farewell to his lover and the summer light, we find visibly existent all the vanished poetry that now is only to be revived again in song. ' The poetry of earth iB ceasing never ;'' but only here and there a wide eyed Binger now discerns it, and lendB it voice anew; 'But whether it be general in the lives of men, or visible only through the loopholes of the poets' verae, the poetry of earth is still unohang ing.:) Beauty lives, and poetB sing. The dreamer cateh«s echoes of tho melodies of Nature's harmonics, and by-passers stand and listen to his eongs— not sung as of old in baronial hall or market place, by troubadour or minnesinger, so that all might know and hear, but written away in books to have their music lent them by the reader as each one best knows how, and as life's busy disoords permit. And so it happens that, like the mute poet of old, he dies and tho world about him makes no sign. His song oeasas, and his melodies are hushed ; but tho sky is un-c changed above him, and the loveliness that he sung ceaaes not, and the merry world recks not fchat he is dead. Theoe are the impressions that affect us as vre chronicle tho fact that on Thursday last the mortal part of our firBfc of singers was laid away amid the beauty he ao much lovod, and with whioh his memory will be ever associated. It was his high mission to sse and sing all .the mysteries of AuBtralia'o virgin baauty. He sang the lovelineBB that he oaw around him, mirroring it in his verse as Paris did that of his time in his own life and person. Ho lent articulate voioe to the mute harmonies of Australia's beaaty. The dim mystery and eloquent silence, which had hitherto, appealad mutely for expres sion, spoke first in his poetry, and reverberated in hi$ Bong. : He loved fche flora aad fauna of Australia with a filial poet's love, and his name will ever be a part of the heritage of the land he Joyed so well, AU these will continue unchanged -»..;;? j:i ?,,--;? *;.,,.,.- ........ . . ,, ,,:? ,.:...... though he bo dead.' 'But ' his' voide''will ever' 'mingle witH; the music 'of 'wind and1' tree and stream, and the one will ever're-eoho the other. jHe Ioyed Bolitude and the untroddon. gullies and hilliides of his native land. It was fitting, there fore, that it should retain a place for him apart from the walks of menj where he may have the familiar branohes of native trees to enshadow him, and for his requiem the ceaseless wailing of tho hoary sea. ':.: '??''? ,. : ' Hefary JCendaU .was, above all, a native Aus tralian poet.. Almost ererj line he has written io a transcript of some place of life or nature in Australia. Born in TJlladulla, near Shoalbaven, in 1842, . to the influence of the surroundings of his early life in that place is perhaps owing the distinctive character of his verBe.. His father was, it is said, an officer in the Navy, having served under Lord Dundonald. Our poet went at the age of 14 in a vessel of his uncle's to the South Seas, where he remained two years. On his return he undertook to study law, with Mr. J. L.' Miobael, himself a pleasing writer, both in prose and verse. , This gentleman's 'Songs without Music' are among; the f ew reliques of that earlier Australian literature which so little has been done to preserve. In the attorney's office of Mr.' Michael, on the Clarence, the young , poet em; ployed.his time in the study of French literature and works of more solid easte, contributing verses meanwhile to the Empire. His legal career, if it can be so called, was not a success. In 1863 he was appointed to the Lands Office, and two years later was prompted to the Colonial Secretary's department. , The uncongenial drudgery of this occupation— so cruelly ill-suited to his tempera* meat— was, however, too muoh for him. In 1869 he went to Melbourne, and entered on a journal listip career to some extent, encountering much of its success and all of its difficulties — so much so that his necessities and his anxiety for thoEe dependent on him, combined no doubt with the weariness of uiirecegnised effort, induced ill health and despondency from which he never quite recovered. He returned to Sydney in 1871 This was the darkest period of his life. Before and after hiB return he encountered all the gloom and 'misery of that period of eclipse which almost inevitably accompanies a purely literary career. This is one of thoBB difficulties which none but thdse who have experienced them can adequately understand. His own references to it in his vorse are pathetic i» the extreme. It is useless to explain away or decry these matters; they are an affair of temperament and character, and this is one of -the penalties of a finer organization than the' ordinary. In 1874* having partially re covered from his period of gloom, he engaged1 in . business at Gesford. In 1881 he brought out his last volume of poems, entitled 'Songs from the Mountains,' and was soon after appointed. In spector of Forests. We need aay little about this ; act here, it speaks for itself. When much that is ridieulous and impolitic on the part of the present Ministry shall be forgotten, this graceful recognition of genius will be recalled as an instance of a worthy and commendable public spirit. Henry Kendall's career, as we have Bald, was chequered by difficulties which broke in harshly enough upon his poetic dreams. It is Victor Hugo who says that the youth of genius is uniformly a hard one, and that this is one of the trials by which its possessors are perfected. Poverty, with that despondency not wholly pro eeeding therefrom whieh only its victims : can estimate, and difficulties such as all our native devotees of literature have had in no common degree — these were the crucible that sifted the genius of both Deniehy and Kendall from the matter-of-faot ' success' of the everyday world. We called attention in this journal a fortnight since, when the poet's fate was still doubtful, to this matter as it affected Henry Kendall. We expressed a hope then that the shadow of Death was yet far from Australia's unlaurelled laureate. But the hour had approached, and night caine on before the greater work ho dreamed of was yet done. But his work lives after him, and the placo ia tho -hearto of his countrymen which his thrice-siffcod gonius ha8 purchased for him will not fail to koop his memory ever green. It is pleasanter to review our poet's -works than his life. In his prelude — which we have placed at tho bead of this article — to the first volume tliat proceeded from hi« pea, ' Poems and Songs,' he struck the key-note of all the after melody. The Muse of Australia had led him through all the mazes of Australian nature, dis closing to him all her secrets of majesty and boauty, and charming him by her manifold voices of melody. Every aspect under whioh she revealed heroelf to him charmed him, and every breath from her many-toned lute evoked jesponsive music. He sought to catch the per feot accordB that appealed to his poetic sense, and the perpetual discrepancy between the perfection f his {dream's T of' the' high' themea that'ailured' limp ajnd the grandeur 'of the 'authentic1 messa g'e o which he nought to give expression, contrasting nth hia own sense of the incompleteness of those fforts of his which to us are now invaluable, left him lespondent and self-distrustful. His success is uore apparent to us th*an:.io,'hiipai8»lf.V/;'^i\''^no'if. he fidelity of his touch to nature, and we can liicern even now in his obngs, glimpses of the [olden glittering hair that shrines tho bright ace of her whose hand holds that Harp of Lustralia, the untouched strings of which he poet swept to the measures of a worthy pre ude to yet higher and more perfeot strains of ong. His poems are full of references to the nusic of the trees and : streams, and fierce winds -ver' widths of sea. Ho caught unerringly tho ipirit; of those grand yet sombre Eucalyptus 'oreBts,:with their speotre-like trunks whitened [gainst, their background ef dark foliage. The (rind that stirred the treetops, and ' shook the ilinging music from the boughs,' sounded to lie ears a deep diapason to the softer bird-like neiodies; of ; sparkling stream and moBS-grown ?ill.' ! ?'?:'-??:- ? ' ': .?-.,?; .. , . '?' '' iThe harp we love hath a royal hurst, : Its strings are mighty forest trees, And branches, swaying to and fro, ? ' Are fingers sounding symphonies. 3o he sings in: one of his earlier volumes. In inother ef his, preludes, that to his volume, :i Leaves from Australian Forests,' he tells us aow i once he purposed to take up his pen and tvrite-— ; . —a cunning harmony Ot words and music, caught from glens and streams, kni lucid colours born of woodland light . . A.nd shining places whero the sea-streams lie. He puts his song forth as : — —certain syllables '.'??' : ; ? borrowed from unfooted dells '-' And secret hollows dear to noontide dew ; ' v \- And these at least '. .' . . ..'.,?? , May catch the sense like subtle forest spells. The claim he makeB here is a valid one. Hio verse is nothing if not local; ., His individuality merged itself almost to extinction in theoe syllabled beauties and charms of the naturo that appealed to him bo masterfully. He has chosen hiB .themes from subjects by his side. Long° fellow in his poem of Gaspar Bercerra, endeavouiQ to show that it is the faculty of genius to trans mute the most familiar objects by the chemio art of the divine gift. Henry Kendall has dono thidf The beauty- and majesty that lay about him. first found due utterance in his verBe, and ito more or less sombre spirit inform* all he ever wrote. He had some fear that he had trespassed unduly on tho traditions of elder singers, and he deprecated critioism in this wise,— ; L» !! when a stranger, in soft Syrian glooms Shot through with sunset, treads the cedar dells, , And hears the breezy wing of elfin bells Paridown by where the white-haired cataract booms— Hcjifaint with' sweetness caught from forest smells, Bears. tkence, unwitting, plunder of perfumes. . But the graceful apology was needless. Kendall always sufficed unto himself. He lost his indi viduality in his subject, a3 we have said ; but only to find it anew or to leave it to be found by those who will come after, enBhrine 'n the crystals of his; perennial verse. There are here and there, it is- true; suggestions both of Tennyoon and Jjongfellow in Kendall's poetry, but his origina lity was secured by his fidelity to his It was new ;'and the poet hadfche faculty of adapt ing his metres to his subjects in an e \nent de gree; so that whatever tie raferenc .to the heat of the summer or the gentle spring, to the swiarthy wastelands or green grasBy glades, we find the rhythm echoing the sense and the' struc- ture of the poet's verse inducing an impression akia to that of the description itself. Thus, for in instance, what could be more graphic or charac teristic of Australia than his Where the strength of dry thunder splits rocks asunder And' the shouts of tho desert-wind break, By tho gullies of deepness, and ridges of steepness, Lo I the cattle-track twists like a snake: ' Like a sea of dead embers, burnt white with Decembers, A plain to the left of it lies, . ' And six fleeting horses dash dawn the creek courses, With a terror of thirst in their eyes. In this we can feel the heat that cracks the parch ing soil, when everything is athirat, with the beaten oinuoua cattle-track winding aarosB the blackonod plains. What a contrast to the tender noBs of this other, -which Burns could scarcely have surpassed, addressed to some ' Moes on a Wall.' Dim droamrs it hath of singing ways, Of far-oil woodland water-heads, And shining enda of April days ' ? ; ? Amongst tlie yellow runnel beds. ? Stoop closer to tho ruined wall ' Whereon tho wilful wilding sleeps, As if its home were waterfall ' '?/??'? '?'?.* - By dripping clefts and shadowy steeps; ? .. - A little waif, whose beauty takes , . .? . , . ; , ? A touching: tone, because it dwells So far away from mountain lakes, And lily leaves, and lightning fella. The pleasant coolness of this picture is not more different from tho fierce December summer oi Australia1 tbin ia . tho struoture of : th( versification- x» each. \ It is' to- tiakeii'ui — — — ^ ^ — j i ii 'into~ another sphere,' t6''turn''fr6m the heafc ! riven *' gullies of deepness and ridges of steep- 5; . ness' of the former to the latter's K dim dreams of ' singing ways.' His local pieces, too, are the artist-sketches of one who goea forth with his portfolio in his hando, catching the tinto of leaf and silver sunlight aa they gleam amid native rock and fell.— , Narrara of the wa+er-falls, . The darling of tha hilla, Whose home ia under mountain t7allo, - 1 By many-luted rills. . . ? ' ' Biverina 1 as nof t as a dream ' l '' la tho name they have given to thea ; ' Thy rills, like the Lydian stream, ? . - ' Eun yellow with wealth to the soa. . . Araluon ! homo of dreamo I - , Fairer for itn iloworful shado Than tho face of Persian Dtreamo, Or the slopes o£ Gyrian glaclo. Theno ave frB^monto v/hick trill ouggeot to. the familiar, reader many kindred paoaogGD oi os quisite deacription. Ifc vac in ihio faculty of proQodical description that ho aiont osoellcd. Honry Kendall will ba betfcor remomborcd by hio word-pioLureo of Naturo'o benufcy, tad echooo of Nature's music, than by hio oocaoional inoro ambitious flights into rogiona of higher aofea phyBical song. The erifcical faculiy, ifc Id trao, might be severely czercioed on Eondril'o V7orls3, as on that of most poeto. Thoro nr.y hnvo been an absence of virility, — a want, porhepo, oi fcoroe and vigorous thought about our poot. Bu?i Son dall was essentially c singer, not a tazdhov* His verse suggests rather |thau ospreaooo. Bufc his suggestions have a vivid power fchat satiny he« sides ourselves must have experienced. 'We casS quite comprehend an emotion v/o have hoDrd do aoribed as being felt on the firofc roadinr; of Ken dall's poems — when the abiding cpiriO o£ familioe. places and scenes was not do muob. espvoDued in the poet's simple lineo, ao ouggeotod by fcheb melody, and the reminiscenced thoii1 fidelity o£ . depiction was vivid enough to call up. Horo, for , . inotance, among innumerable ofchero, io one pieoo ...-, entitled 'Ooogee' — Siug the aong- of wavc-v/orn Coocee— C'oogoo ia tho distanco white With its jags and points disrupted— crafffl nnfl fractures fringed with light, Haunt of glede and restlesc plover of tho melancholy : '\V2-il, Ever londinrj deeper xjatlioy to the molancholy (jale. Often \7hen the floatinc,- vapourn fill tho nilont autuma, ' : lcna Dreamy mem'ries fall Iih-i raoonliaht ovo2 0UV61? aloejt* . ?? ing cjeaa, Youth and I and 'Love together !— otaoi? tiiaoa Qna ' ? other themes ... : Come to me unsung, imv/opt for, through thO £aae4- .....; evening gleams. ;;? Friend of mine beyond tlic waters, horo and hero those perished days Haunt me with, their oweofc dead facoc, and their old . . divided ways. You that helped and you that loved mo, take this song?' ? n/iid whea you read Let tho lost things come about you ; set your thoughts' and hear, aud heed ; Time has laid his burden on us, we who woar our man* hood no w— Wewouldbe the boys weJiauebeen, free of heart ana bright of brow Be the boys for just one hour, with tho splendour and the speech ' Of thy lights and thunders, Googeo, flying up thy gleaming beach. Not that seasons bring no solace— nob that timo lacks light and rest ; But the old things were the deareot, and tho old loves seem the best. We, thatstart at songs familiar ; we that tremble at a, 'tone, Floating down the ways of music like tho ciigh of Dweet ness flown, We can never feel the freshness— nevor find again the ' ; mood, Left amongst fair-featured places brightened of our brotherhood. ,-. , This, again, needs no comment of ouro. It is a.' picture, completer than io outline, but to whioh the reader's imagination and vcflcotive fnoulty rnuat lend personal light and nbcclo recording fro his artistic power. There io auofchoi1 ode o? ouj? poet's, too— and wo cull thoao oatractc rcthop from his earlier than hio lator poems, oinco \7© think that his life-ohado^o have ooinouhat ob* soured the latter-— addresoed to ' Eufcorpo.' Ifc evidences the poet's efrorto to ecfcch tho fleeting fancieB that haunted him : — Child of light, tho bright, the bird-liko I wilt thou float and float to me, Facing windts and sleets and watera,— flying glimpses or the sea. All night long iu iluont paucos, falliiiff fair— but foil, 1 but fine. Faultless friend of floworc and founfciino I do J hea* that voico of thino P k Then, and then, ray love, Eutoryo ; Una oj lifo sroplotB with droama, . Murmur tor thy awect ahzvp tva^monvj dyin^ Haw® Lsthoan Bt.reamc, Mui-miu1 for thy moutli'o marreci muoso— aplonditi Mats that burn and brer.k, Heary with oxcosa of beauty— inurmvn- for tby nnclc'& sake. This T?ao tho oingiug opoocb. of oao v/bo loved to follow the melodieo oi fcho oo£t lufco o£ fcho Hugo, whithernoovor it led him ; awr.y from all fcliutOTO auggastiro of practical and iziafcerkl fchiugc, and far into the rapt region of fcho high poofcio IdecJ : . of one who, ao ho uang lntor, loved by luoonb 5 springs f-; ?' ! ' ? to stand, the Bhininff oharor 3 , ! Of that larger lifo, and raror ? Beauty caught from boauty fciix$r y - . Than tke human face «t thfrigo,' IS* S ? ? - _ ?;'; ' . i Anotkw.ttuBicriianoj.of tho poet's, is. that in whioh be WKigiOf^VBolU.jfeeyondv the Forest^ ;This, though ia;.hia,frst yokjme,, published , in 1860, is Tredolentof aH that, mournful sense of incomplete* Hess and of failure that was more apparent to his Tteener poetic vision, perhaps, than to ours, and which we meet with so often in more recent years. Bells, beyo»a tho forest chimlafc, where is all the inspiration now ./ ' . . That m wont to flush tor foreieaA and to ?chase tfto nallor from »y brow f Didlnat, aman^t thoso thickets, weave my tmouehts . «JdpaBsJOMa:into.rhyMo/ , ... trusting that the word* were '; golden, hoping for the jraise of after time f ?:? r.-V; ? '?? Where have all these fancies fled to ? Can the fond delusion hmgar still, . .- .. - , When the evening gathers V'« »£ aid We i night is aretpnig \ip the hill.Pr.-'''. ''%?'?'? ? ' : J.i the ye«rB of strengthrliave left, ine, and my life begins to fail and fade, ' ' -?'? ' ?^J' Wlw.^il learn .my simple ballads-who will »tay to frxng the songs I've modeP;' Shoufd'i'loV^r herettolistini whila tiis ntfttl wind is ori thawing: t sir;-: ??:? ?:, :~ ... ,:.,??? ' *???^«art., ?' tinie *s sobbing, and my spirit is a wltaer»di;niiiff 1*'' ' ' iafe tfcoj rapiELvtorrentB. tumble, let the woodlands whistle in th« blasV ; aaigaty minstrelsbtng behi»d me, but the promise of Kty,yQutli.w.past., ... ^here is a wondrous depth of pathos in all this. ^}ho poet'had dreams .of which he never saw the fruition! -O'Hii; Opus Majus has never aeen the light. ??' Who oan tell what fond vioions of poetic fame coloured his susceptible fancy during these 8olitaryu'(iSeditative hours alone with his own adolescent?' dreams? Doubtless he saw a work beforeihim to do, had not pitiless Circumstance withheld^ him. In i brighter circumstances, per haps, he; would have done a worthier work — worthier' df.'his own gifts. But we are a young and practical -colony, and we could not afford to shelter oiirr one stray singer from the difficultias with which'that' very constitutional entity that prompts :Mmv to sing, bo singularly unfitted him to «ope. 'opfaoti'cal things, and the desire to keep those ''he-'loVed from want, conflicted harshly enougK'with' heavenly harmonies. He deocribeB liimself, faithfully and graphically enough, as — Like iona.'who by tho waters stauding-j rnarka the reeling ocean wave, Moaning/hide Mb head all torn and ohivored under neath his lonely cave. So the;sonlrrathin me glaneeo at tho tidea of Purpone where they creep Dashed to .-.'fragments .by the yawning ridgoa oircling ? . ? Life's tempestuous Deop ! Oh. I tho .tattered leaves are dropping, dropping- round me like a fall of rain ; While/the! duBt'6f:many a broken aspiration sweeps my troubled brain. ? With ;the yearnings: after Beauty, and the longings to b« good and great, And theL.thoughts of catching Fortune, flying on the tardy wings of Fate. In his earlier volumes, from which we have beea quoting — -one at least of which is now quite out of print — there are many other graceful morceaux and graphic descriptive fragments. We might name several of these ; among others the ' Wail in the Native Oak,' a subject to which he ad dressed himself again twelve yeara after in a poem which is published in h'm last volume. Then , there are, still eminently life- like and graphic in them treatment, ' Tho Opossum Hunters,' '? The Fate of the Explororo,' a narrative of the Burke and Wills .expedition ; ' Wollongong,' with flow ing |ines. descriptive of the surge along its sandy shore— lines, as Longfellow would say, 'like the long' waves' on' the sea-beach.' Then X7e have 'In'tHe';I)'ep'tlis of the Forest,' lines addressed to his father!s.;grafe j ', The Eiver and the Hill,'— And they'i shook' their sweetness out in their sleep, On the brink of that beautiful stream, But it wandered along with a wearisome song, Liko^alb'ver.that' walks in a dream. ri -So the roses blew -'*?-? ?\vTien the -winds went through In the. moonlight so white and so still. But ihe river it beat '' '- All night at the feet . ,.0f a cold and flinty hill— '' Of a hard and senseless hill. ?r ?',.', i . ? And again, ' Fainting by the Way,' a noble life, song..,, .Here is something suggestive of Clarence Mangan:at his best : — y il* barren Ages and withered World ! Oh ! the dying leaves, Like a drizzling rain Falling round the roof— j^ijPattering on the pane ! Frosty Age and cold cold World ! lo .^Ghosts of other days Trooping past the faded fire Flit before the gaze. Now tho wind goes soughing wild -Vifi O'er the sunless earth, And we front n, feeble flame sj~- iSitting round tho hearth ! Sitting by the lire Watching in its glow „ . .Ghosts of other days '?' Trooping to and fro. r.tti.' . ? ? B Q&L; tonights, the nights wo've spent - Pi' Sitting by the flre, .. ? Cheerful in its glow ; w ow Twenty summers back ? Twenty years ago ! ? r Wherefore should we mourn O ! J; Where were shadowa near the shine ' , Flowere with tho thorn ! bauiiiAnd we otill can recollect BS\v ;^T.enings spent in mirth— _? Fragments of a broken life, baa Sitting round the hearth.' Herref opin, we find the all-prevailing tone of melancholy: 'In the following we find his poetry tinged in its inspirational source by the sombre note of sadness:-^ . Towards.the^hills of Jamberoo Some wild fantastic shadows haste, , Uphfc with fires' ~ ' '?'-''?- Like castle spires, . ,', Outshining through a mirage waste. . . Behold a mournful glory sits ; On feathered ferns and woven brakes, : Where sobbing wild like restless cnild The ' gusty. breeee of «venins wakes 1 . : , Methinkslhearoneverylireatk , A lofty, tone go itassing by, '?'?'??? ? 5hat Whispers— 'Weave'j ' . , ' , Though wood-Winds grieve, ; Thio i fadeless blooms of Poesy '?!'*?? ' The Curlew's Song ' iB a title eminently sugges tive of what the poet could make of such a subject :— The .viewless blast flies moaaing past , Away to the forest trees, ? Where giant pines and leafless vines Bond '*eath the wondering: breeze. From ferny streams une'artkly screams : Are heard in the midnight blue, As afar they roam to tho shepkerd's home,— Theshrieksof the wild Curlew! , ; As afar th«Jy roam To the shepherd's home ? ? The shrieks of the wild Curlew ! ?? There is a weird aarie unearthliness abbut the ghost-like wailings hero describad so masterfully. Here is something altogether different, addressed to a favourite singer who visited Sydney ma»y years ago— Madame LuoyEsteott. It shows the lightly graceful vers de sooihtiS our poet might have trifled with had he been pH happier circumstances. . ': As you glided and glided before us that time, . c A mystical, magical maiden, ^ ? . : . . , , 'We fancied we looked on a face from the clime Where the poets have buildad their Aidenn ! ; . And oh ! th« swaet shadows ! and oh ! the warm gleams Which lay on the land of your beautiful dreams, While w,f walked, by the margin of beautiful streams, And heard your wild warblimg around us. We forgot where we were when we stood with the trees Near the banks of those silvery waters,— As ever in fragments they came on the breeze, The songs of old Ehine and his daughters! ? And th«n you would pass with those radiant eyes, Which flashed like a light in the trapical skies, ', ? And oh ! the bright thoughts that would sparkle and rise ? . ? ? . : When wo heard your wild warbling around us ! Will you ever fly , back to this dty of ours, With your harp, and your voice, and your beauty ? God knows we rejoice when we meet with such flowers On the hard road of Lifa and of Duty ! Oh ! come as you did with that face and that tone, For we wistfully look to the hours that have flown, And long for a glimpse of the gladness that shone When we heard your wild warbling around us. We will take yet one more excerpt from another of these early poems — a characteristic and distinc tive one— an ' Evening Hymn.' Tho crag-pent breezes sob and wail where hidden waters glide, And twilight wanders round the earth with slow and shadowy strida ; The gleaming clouds above the brows of western steeps uphurled, Look like the spires of some fair town that bounds a brighter world. Lo ! from the depths of yonder wood, where many a blind creek strays The pure Australian moon comes forth enwreathed with silver haze. The rainy mists are trooping down the folding hills behind, And distant torrents' voices rise like bells upon the wind : Night— holy night ! in robes of blue, with golden stars encrowned Ascending mountains like to walls that hem an Eden round. The extracts here given will convey a fairly ac ourate idea of the poet'B earlier labours. We are of fchooe who think that his best work was done in hio youth. His later poems, certainly show a greater strength oF thought, but not suffi cient to fulfil his early promise. His failing may be easily enough accounted for by his mis hapo. Since his. repairing to Camden Haven» in 1874 — a result of the kindness of the MessrB' Fagan and Mr. Holdsworth, whose names de serve to be mentioned in this connection — the toilsome labour to whioh he was subjected, per sonally beneficial as it undoubtedly was, proved too muoh for the gentle Muse. Much excellent work proceeded from him, certainly. Among others his Exhibition Oaatata, with its beautiful stanza Ah ! haply on some mossy slope Against the shining springs In those old days the angel Hope Sate d«wn with folded wings. Perhaps she touched, in dreams sublime, In glory anA in glow, The skirts of that resplendent time A hundred years ago. Another poem was ' On a Spanish Cathedral,1' . inspired by Mr. Dalley's masterly lecture :'oni that Bubject, and published originally, as were many 'other valuable pieces, in the Freeman's Journal. The following is a stanza of the last mentioned: — In a land of bewildering light, where the feet of the seasons are Springs They worked in the day and the' night surrounded by -beautiful things, ? ; . ?' .'....? Tho wonderful blossoms ia stoae— the'flpwer and leaf 6fthoM«or ?? '?''?: :'. i ;?'??? ,-?:;? ?..? \ On calumn and cupola shone, and gleamed on the glit tering floor : ????.:? In a splendour of colour and form, from the marvellous African's hands Tet vivid and shining and warm they planted the Flower ef Lands. Inspired by tha patience supreme, of the mute— the Magnificent past They toiled till tho domo of their dream in tho firma ment blossomed at last. Many other pieces might be taken from the volume which contains, as lie says, The purest verses and the last That ever I may write but these will suffice. With those our extracts finish. There is much that will long endear the name of Harry Kendall to the memory of his readers, which we have not even noticed. It has been our aim to cull out charac teristic pieces, but we would perhapB have exer cised a different species of judgment did we: not feel that one of the first measures of an appre ciative public— after its duty to the poet's relatives has been done^—will be to reprint the volumes now out ef print* , Tkere may be muoh, too, that is imperfect and perhaps even ilevealy in execution, for eur poet evidently wrote as ho listed, and with a running pen; but we would not linger critically ever these. His literary reputa tion weuld have gaiaed by . a less fre-* quent use of verbal coatractioas and other trivial but unpleasant violations of the purity of language; and a little, more fastidious polish might in some instances be acceptable. In these respects the ' lily would bear painting. But the above must seem like hypercritical remarks just now. Opinions differ, too, as to his satirical versos. e can be no doubt as to the vigour and truth to life and nature displayed in these, but they are scarcely worthy to be placed promiscuously among his higher efforts ia verse. But all these are trifles. The work of our poet as ~a whole will speak for him. Whatever is characteristic and lasting in it is h owb ; the rest is the product of circum stances. From letters at present before us, addressed to the Editor of this journal, and penned by the hand of the dead sieger, we oan gauge the motives that produced the latter. They were the. freaks of idle momenta. Speaking of his last vplune as a whole, in one of these letters lie gives us his own opinion very candidly. ' The book will sell ; but I regret it will not bs a representative one. Want of leisure has crippled all my literary efforts— hurry and the heat of the Actual hare always been ag&inst; me. Time after time I have thought of writing some thing long aad representative, but the necessary opportunity has never presented itself. The book will be a mere adumbration.' From these same interesting papers we oan glean words of the poet's inner thought. His refer eaces to his domestic trials, his toil at Camden Haven, his literary projects, his frieads, and his rivals,— all theBe are made openly and with all the iagonuousness of a eandid natare. ' Brunton Stephen,I say emphatically, is the greatest poetvre over had in Australia,' he writes in one of these letters, and the assertion is more an evidence of the writer's generous modesty than a conclusive judgment. In the light of the letters now before us muoh of the poet's history and poetry is made intelligiblo. These, then, are a few brief memorials of the poet who has just passed away from us. He first lent voice to the mute harmoaies of Australian Beauty. He was for us Nature's hierophant and chief worshipper. His hnn-i swept the Harp of Australia to strains of undying melody, and he first knew and recognised the wayward and bash ful beauty of Australia's virgin Muse. It was k9 who first led her down from the mountains for us, discovering even to ourselves a glimpse of her glorious face and of the streaming breases of her golden glittering hair. His work is done, and 'sleep has all its will of him.' Before the end had come, however, it is pleasing to relate that the presence of one whose name will never be for gotten when any of the labourers in literary vineyards in New South Wales at least are spoken of, even were Mb own high place moment arily lost sight of— that Mr. W. B. Dalley's presence soothed th^. last hours of the dying poet — thus adding yet one more to the long catalogue of graceful and kindly acts by which he has ever been distinguished. T 'ierature in New South Wales owes muc^ to Mr. Dalley both in itself and on behalf of its not too fortunate sens. But the debt is a self- repaying one. , Shere is no more to say. The end has eome, and the last song of the einger has died faintly away. Its cadences will long re-echo in the memories of those to whom his memory is a tender thing, and the voices of Nature's muBio will never cease to recall the name of him who first set them to articulato music. And wind, and stream, and lightly-Btirring tree will still sing on, and tho melodieo and harmonies of Beauty will not cease echo their manifold melody. The sombre Eucalypti will otill mur mur cadly of their v/oird mysteries, and the hoary sea will lend its graver tones to complete the full orchestral choir. And over within sound of tho laBt our first of singers will sleep, with Australia's flora that he loved above him, aad the virgin Nature that he cheriBhod in unbrokea tranquillity round about him. The singer has laid aside his lyre, and given his weariness rest. : Above Mm tho wandering face ? . ? ? Of the moon is a lovoliness now, And. anthems encompass tho plaee ; :. From lutes of tho luminous bough. The; wave is his fellow nt night, * ?.:,.. ?-,?? ? And the sun, shining over the lea, '? : ? Sheds out a» unspeakable light ;; :: ? , On his grave by the olifls of tho sea. : AHgUyit, 1882. ??: ?;??.;.- ? ? . .. ,,,-; ',-?:'..: ;:;?:: IvA-iiiWAY contractors expect to ; complete the'j line to Armidale in four months time. 