The N ove li st¿? j Fighting Her Own Battles. ' ' '. A STOEY OP TO-DAY. : f : Br MES M. V. VICTOR. CHAPTER II.-OPEN ENEMIES. . .. . . . -.. -r-r fi _. AT 10 o'clock that night Harold Van öcnuxe stood by the bed on -which his father's dead bod; lay. Tho doctor had waited to receive hire, am led him into the room which was to have beei the bridal chamber. Mrs. Van Schiller sat in i chair near the head of tho bed, very pale, an( very quiet. She appeared shocked, frightened and grieved, but there was no affectation of Í despair which none would believe real. She sai there, white as a ghost, her large eyes " starting out of her head," as they say. She moved a littk and looked at him when Harold came into the room, but he did not appear to notice her. H< stood and gazed at the distorted face of his well loved father for several minutes in tearless silonco ; then, chancing to turn so as to meet th« widow's eye3, he hissed out the word : " Murderess !" If it had been possible for her to have turnee whiter she would have done it at that word ; sh( shrank and drew back before it, shuddered, anc then sprang to her feet. < " What do you mean ?" she cried, in a hoarse ohoking voice. . * " I mean that you have murdered, my father : curse you !" ho answered, bittorly.. " Made a fool of him in his old age, and married him foi His money ; and now he lies there, dead. I say, . you murdered him-either by this unnatural ex . Oitement, or by fouler means. Doctor, there must be an inquest." "Be calm, Mr. Van Schiller, I beg of you," Baid the physician, taking him by the arm and leading him to the other side of the room ; " you are saying thingd which you will repent when you,are less agitated.. I have no doubt that your father died of undue excitement, bub that is not the lady's fault. Have you no mercy on her ?" "No." The girl-widow by the bed heard the question and reply. A tumult of passionate anger passed over her features ; she bit her lips and clenched the nails into the palm3 of her handR. "I will remember that," waa what she resolved, and she was nob one soon to forget an insult and a wrong like this. Pire leaped like lightning out of a cloud from her great eyes ; but when the flash was over, she was calm and pale again. . All night relatives and friends were arriving, for the fearful news had been telegraphed to many; they came, by crowds, into the death shadowed room; and of them all, the one who seemed to have the least right to bo there, least noticed, least catnuiisserated, was the dead man's wife of a few hours, wiioc sat there rigid and silent, thinking thoughts which none of them might daro to question. The chief thought of these peoplo-was^--" would that he had died yesterday instead of to-day, if sobe he must die." . : Sho knew it, she read the thought on. th-?ir cold faces ; and it gave her a sorb of triumph to feel that their regrets were unavailing-that she had legal rights which they were bound .to grant. It was not so easy as sho thought to have people give up their money to a despised stranger. Besides Harold, the dead mau left two other older children, a married son and married daugh ter. Both these reached the place before mid night-they had refused to attend their father's wedding-and the first sight they had of the new Mrs. Van Schiller was there, in that death chamber. ?They hated her ; and already, in the midst of their real affliction, were indignantly seeking some excuse to oust this intruder from her place. " To think of it ! to think of it !" they kept muttering. ' "I tell you," said Harold, still terribly ex cited, " I believe that she poisoned our father. Yes; she had no intention of living with that old man ; she wanted his money, and she's got it, unless we can fix the guilt upon her." " Oh, horrible ! How dare you say so ? Yet I you may be right. As you say, there must be an examination. Let us call the butler and waiter who served at dinner." They did so, and in answer to their curious questions, discovered that the lady had poured the coffee into her husband's, cup. Here, then, was her opportunity, if she had plotted one. "Where was the cup ?" It had been washed .and returned to its closet. Ah, how unfortunate that was. But the stomach of the deceased should bo analysed. Dark were the glances cast upon the girl-widow. She felt them, and in the dopbhs of her heart's solitude Bhe struggled for strength to combat them. She had staked too much on this venture to lose all now through the machinations of her tinémies. The first rays of morning were wakening1 the birds outside when the doctor came to her, where she sat, and compelled her to go into another room and lie down on a bed thoro. Ho gave her adose of lavender water, and lefb her, bidding her sleep, if possible. But to sleep was impossi ble. She lay there recalling with rage the slights Bho had endured, and resolving to humble those haughty people who had not hesitated to show her that they considered her an adventuress of the worst typo. As she pondered tho plain words of Harold, her face becamo scarlet, and her wide-open oyes glit tered in the dim dawn liko those of a wild animal, and then she smiled a smile not pleasant to see, her colour faded out, and her disturbed toolings becamo a litllo moro calm. About 8 o'clock a servant brought her Gome teA- She ref^ise4 «it, and a^ked; tha;b, the doctor »í£hA líe Bent to her for a f ew monjents. ^ In obedience to her wish he came, and she i: tioned him to sit by her bedside. For a moment she measured him with 1 burning glance, then said, in a whisper : " Ductor, are you a rich man ?" "Far from it, Mrs. Van Schiller." " Would you like to make 50,000 dollars i day?" Ho stared 'at her in astonishment, -while 1 blood began to burn in his veins, and 1 thoughts to fly to the mortgage on his litl brown wooden villa, and his children's sohoi bills ; but tho physician had a high standard honour for his profession, notwithstanding tho treacherous temptations; so that, after some i flection, he answered slowly : " Not unless it would be all right to make : madam." "It will be all right, I assuro you, doctor." " How am I to make such a sum as that, Mr Van Schiller?" " Speak low, please. You have only to offer make an examination without holding a coroner inquest, and after it, to certify that my busbar died from natural causes." . The eyes, of each searched those of the oth< in a long look. Those of the girl-widow dW,m waver. Thc surprised physician knew not win to think or say. Then she went on, in that mai ner of passionate repression which she had : ,f I swear to you, doctor, that 1 did noshing i injure my husband.. But you will discover trn when you search for the cause of death. I bin you to no wicked secret. But these peeplo, h relative?, are bound to ruin mo. Their lupe i to fix suspicion upon me by holding an inques so that, even when the coroner declares the trut they can still hint that they doubt the thorougl ness of the investigation ; they, are determine to blot'my reputation ; if they fail to get my prc pcrty away from me, they will at least seek t drive me out of their midst. Now, I am not to b driven. I shall triumxm over them all in du course of time. I do not pretend that I love tho man I married yesterday, but I honoured an liked him, and, had he lived, I hope I ahoul have been faithful and kind to him. This terri ble accident is sadder for me than for any c them," with a scornful accent on tho last word "It places mo in a doubtful position ; it banish? me to retirement for the present. I have alway been ambitious to be aleador in society. Is ther anything so bad in that? These people mu3 let me alone, for I am determined to conquei now that I have gained tho hardest battle, will make that cold-blooded Harold repent wha he said last night ! But what is all this to you I only ask you to help me in my righteous attemp to defend my rights. I have suffered froni slan der before, and I know what damago one lifcth word, or hint, will work against a helpless woman Persuade them out of such unjust suspicions make tkem ashamed of them, be my friend, anc I will help you in return." "Certainly," murmured the physician, dubi ously. " I have no reason to doubt that Mr. Vai Schiller died of apoplexy. If I find it to be th< case, I shall say to Mr. Harold, pretty warmly that ho is saying things unjust to you and dan gerous to himself. 1 shall not hesitate to tri and make him ashamed of such persecution You have my sympathy, madam, and I shall b< glad to be of uso to you." Regina Van Schiller smiled. Hore wore thc first fruits of her new-gained power. With th< wealth which she had now added to her beauty. sho had not, after all, much reason to fear th¡¡ whole family wrath of hor now relations. As she ! had confessed, she was nervous about slander still it could no longer affect her as it had done when she was a poor girl. As the physician arose to leave tho room the lady's mother came in ; she had just arrived, ano 1 was very anxious about tho effect of the shod ! upon her Regina. Mother and daughter remaineo in seclusion all that day. Meantime tho physician worked ali day with Harold to dispel the suspicions which he enter tained of tho woman who had thus suddenly be come mistress of this home. He wrote out a cer tificate of tho cause of death ; and he told Harold that he had opened the stomach, and found its contents .all right, which was not strictly truej for, although he had cut out the stomach, he had replaced it without even a glance. His thoughts, as far as ho was aware of them, were, that if he should find anything wrong he could not consci entiously accept the large sum which had been offered him ; it would be better for him to remain in ignorance, especially as he had no real reason to think that anything but apoplexy had causod this sudden death. This was specious pleading, but he satisfied himself with it, and signed tlio certificate. Another night and day passed wearily on, and during all that time no one but hor mother and some of the servants had shown tho least interest in the young widow. She did not leave her room, not even on the third day, that of tho funeral, until just before tho coffin was closed, when sho went in, on her mother's arm, and took a last look at the benig nant old face, smiling now peacefully, alter its wretched death struggle. Two or three tears dropped from her eyes on to tho cold forehead, and she returned to her room again. A largo attendance upon tho funeral did not gratify any ono's curiosity ag to tho widow, for she was not be seen. That evening, after tho dreary and solemn ceremonies were over, Mrs. Van Schiller was called down into tho library to join the family in hearing the will read. It was the now will, made the day before tho marriage of the deceased. It gave the widow not only her third of tho whole estate, but tho town-house and country-houso, carriages, plato, furniture, and certain other designated pieces of property to the amount of another million, so that she had as much as tho threo children altogether. Harold's face grew livid as ho heard what was read. Whon tho will w¿is finished, bo sprang co his foot and upoko in a loud, threatening voice : " Tuab willuhali bc broken, livery ono knows that my father svould never havo mado that fool i?jh..ydU had ho hofc,bee;n un/Jtily jnfl'pencpd. Doubtless his mind baa beoa affected all through thia wretched affair. I suspected it before^ say, this shall be broken." " Break it if you eau !" It was tho first time tho intruder had spoken t him since the morning of tho wedding ; and now as she said this, she arose and left the room. It was not that she wanted this extra property In her wildest dreams she had never imagined s< much as she already possessed, and she woulc have resigned this last bequest at one kindlj word from the other heirs, it was their threats which aroused her opposition-their cold con tempt which steeped her soul in bitterness. The next morning the relatives all left with n very formal good-by, leaving her in possession of the houso, where sho had for society her mother and her two little sisters. Her wedding trousseau was laid aside for widow's weeds. The servants liked her, and remained willingly with the new mistress ; they knew that their wages must come from hez*, and they did not caro to quarrel with their bread and butter. She looked younger and fairer than over in her black garments, though there were nono to ad mire her, except when she occasionally attended thc little rural church, where her dazzling beauty drew many a lingering eye. Her only other visits out of doors were rambles through the lovely grounds ol her own home in company with her joyous litt le sisters. She knew that she had to wait, and she waited with grace. After a few weeks she heard that the heirs had moved to break tho will, as they had threatened. She immediately went to town in a close carriage, consulted tho lawyer who had assisted in drawing up the document, and paid him an immenso re tainer, talked with him until she felt certain that he would defend her cause with zeal, and then returned to her countey home to await the action of the court. In a very short time tho case carno on ; .the beautiful face of the girl-widow was seen for two days in the dull coutt-rooin, and then came a decidion in her favour. ': Harold hated her worse than ever. She remained in her country place until' the week before Christmas. Then she came'to town, i and occupied her house in Fifth avenue. Here she remained in deep seclusion. A great many people, anticipating that when her days of mourn ing were over she would bo apb to spend a great deal of money entertaining society, paid her calls of condolence. She kept their cards for future reference, but excused herself from receiving her friends at present. Among others who caliod, was the dork who had fainted at her wedding, and who had been made very ill the following day by the sudden nows of the bridegroom's death ; he called as soon as ho heard she was in town, and, like the others, was refused an interview. . "Mrs. Van Schiller is notât home;" V " Take up my card and see." , ; r^ ?jyl',^.I The servant took it up, and the man waited. " Charles Keed Bostwick," . ; '{.(1Jj Her face crimsoned, and'she half ¡rose froin'her chair; then sank back again, saying, in a trem bling voice: * ? > '- ,,\ -1 '"/ " Tell him I do not lea-re my'róóhvát present, and cannot see him." ' .-"v <* 1 