HYDRAULIC POWER IN LONDON. (pi j (From the Daily News.) I Persons .--with an engineering turn of mind have often made it their hobby to render their houses mechanical curiosities. Mr. Edgeworth appears to have been given to | this mode of exercising his ingenuity. His house, says Sir Henry Holland, was full of j j contrivances for making the ordinary acts ' ! of life subserve other and unforeseen uses. j The mere opening and shutting of certain 1 1 doors, for instance, set in motion machinery I; for winding up clocks or raising weights in | I other parts of the house. Winstanley, the | | unfortunate builder of a wooden lighthouse \- I on the Eddy stone, was another eccentric I genius who delighted in such mechanical fi ' contrivances, which in his hands often took ? the form of practical jokes. A visitor to his p. house who should put his foot into a slipper -| iu his bedroom conjured up a ghost on the ?I hearthrug before him. He would throw % himself into an easy chair, and immediately jV found himself firmly clasped in the arms of -5 it ; and if he sauntered into the garden, he ?I would presently be astonished to find him ? I self afloat on a canal. When electricians , and sauitarians and engineers of one sort aud another have worked their will with us I for another generation or two, most of our houses will probably be as full of mechanical contrivances. The latest project for London is one by which hydraulic power is to be placed at the disposal of anybody who cares to have one more pipe carried into his premises, and does not object to the period ical visit of one more rate collector. Few people know much about this hydraulic force, or what it can be made to do. Very few are aware how multifarious are the functions it already performs. Just now and again it is brought into prominence among the forces at the disposal of en gineers, and people almost stand aghast at its tremendous capabilities. There are those who well remember the sensation occasioned by the exhibition of its power at the Menai tubular bridge, where two tubes, each weigh ing nearly two thousand tons, had to be hoisted a hnudred feet into the air. A later display of it was in the launching of the : Great Eastern. Brunei, it may be remem bered, found it necessary to shove the monster he had created sideways down into the water. The total weight of the vessel was, we suppose, some ten or twelve tliou l; sand tons, and some very faint idea of the power that was brought to bear upon it may possibly be conveyed by the statement that one of the hydraulic rams burst under a pressure of 12,000 lbs. to the square inch. The mention of a ship in this connection -? ? recals to mind a curious application of this ,? same force, and on no trivial scale, on board the ill-fated Bessemer steamship. This vessel, as everybody knows, was intended to do away with sea-siclmess, and in the middle of it had a swinging saloon, some seventy ~ feet long, the least movement of which could be counteracted by a single motion of the hand operating on a hydraulic ram. Another unfortunate scheme presented a very striking display of this tremendous force. The steam-ferry across the Thames, near the Thames tunnel, Jiad toHbe brought at all states of the tide on a level with a \- platform on either side of the river, or ; _ rather the platforms had to be brought on a tlie -.ferry, ancl it was very curious '*T to sej^fwhat had the appearance of a section \- 7 of Broadway, and perhaps three or four heavily-laden carts or vans with their men,, and horses, all fitted or dropped by a slight^ movement of jpidngle hand upon a lever. The unobtrus||paiess of the force is very im pressive. Tl|pi?e is none of the fuss and fume of steam power, and the actual hydraulic machinery lies in a wonderfully small compass. All the premises of the various dock companies in the port of Lon don an^i permeated by this force, yet there is littlevto see and no noise. Jumbo may be hoisted on board a vessel, or dock gates may be opened or shut, or hogsheads of sugar may be lifted out of the hold of a vessel as though they were nutmegs but there are no engines to be seen, and the men who manipulate the power rarely know anything about it. The cranes in the West India Docks will, we believe, lift 30 tons with ease, and at Woolwich the same silent power must, we suppose, be capable of doing twice or three times as much. This same giant is as capable of small achieve ments as of great ones. In the West India Docks, for instance, it has within the past year or two been set to perform what looks to be rather an ignominious task by com parison with most of its doings. All coffee coming into the dock here is turned out of ? the receptacles it comes in, in order to be sorted according to the size and colour of the berry. When it comes to be returned to the casks in which it has arrived, there is always a difficulty in getting it in, and labourers used to be employed to thump the sides of the barrels with mallets. This thumping is now done by hydraulic power. The barrel is placed in the middle of a machine, and a little handle is turned. This alternately puts on and cuts off the water-power, and a number of iron beaters first spring out from the sides of the re ceptacle and then fall heavily back again, shaking the coffee-beans into their places in about one minute, a task which formerly took six men five minutes to perform. Another very curious and pretty function is here required of this useful agent, and it is one which must, we fancy, do a good deal to reconcile Londoners to the idea of tole rating another system of pipes for the dis turbance of the streets. In the docks the water-mains are under constant pressure ; but here, as elsewhere, it is found that as a means of grappling with a fire pressure it altogether inadequate. The first outburst of the water is powerful enough; but the fact of its outbursting instantly relieves the pressure, and the column of water falls, and is no longer available for any considerable height. The' dock companies, however, are able most effectually to remedy this by carrying into their stand-pipes a jet from their hydraulic mains. Reinforced by this powerful auxiliary, the column of water which spurted up feebly and mostly in the form of a spray rises instantly in a dense and effective stream to a great height. The company about: to carry these hydraulic mains through tlie streets for the con venience of anyone who chooses to pay for it have, it must5 be confessed, a strong point over and above their act of parliament when they urge that they will be, prepared to do for the public protection just what the dock companies now do for their own security. They will have their pipes under the road way alongside the water mains, and it will but require that a connection shall be pro vided between . the two systems at each stand-pipe to render their pressure of some 700 lbs. or 800 lbs. to the Bquare inch available for fire extinction purposes. This would undoubtedly render the standpipe system efficient, whereas at present it is very generally found to be a failure. Fairyland. — There was lately depicted in the Australasian Sketcher the presentment of St. Columb's (Church of England), Upper Hawthorn, of which the nave, seat ing 840 persons, is now about completed, the cost being under £3500. Some debt has been incurred, and the members of the Anglican communion in the district have adopted the not unusual course of endea vouring to raise funds by means of a bazaar. Casting about for a distinctive feature for this affair, it was resolved, on the sugges tion of Mr. Byron Moore, to style it Fairy land. There is some fairy-tale connexion running throughout the entire arrangements. The stalls are at the respective signs of Beauty and the Beast, Little Bo Peep, Titan ia, Alice in Wonderland, Cinderalla, Little Red Riding Hood, the Sleeping Beauty, and these pleasant myths will be all actually represented. Father Christmas will occupy an ice-cave, and dispense to every child visiting the entertainment some pre.tty gift. A fairy tent of palms, fern trees, &c.;, will occupy the northern stage. The promoters promise pools, fairy dolls, magic bowers, &c.; Fairy nectar and fairy buns are in ample supply. The historic Jack' Horner will justify his previous his tory, and the Old Woman will likewise live in her shoe (of gigantic dimensions) and dis pose her 'refractory children (elegantly cos tumed) to desiring visitors. Electrical ex periments and glass-blowing and engraving will be among the instructive sights. The committee some time ago offered handsome prizes for the best groups of figures illus trative of fairy tales, and it is believed that the exhibition of these will be highly at tractive. Zaringa, the Gipsy Queen, splendidly costumed, will practise palmistry and cast horoscopes. A theatre has been erected within the hall with miniature stage, proscenium, set scenes, &c.; In this will be enacted various dramatised fairy tales, including Blue Beard, Humpty Dumpty, Cinderalla, &c.; ; also familiar nursery rhymes, introducing Sing a Song of Sixpence, the Romance of Jack the Giant Killer, and many others. The performers will be children, especially trained by Mrs. G. B. W. Lewis, and appropriately dressed ; and the performances, which are intended to be frequent, short, and bright, will be | under her direction. A Fairyland Gazette ! will bo published daily during the holding of the Fairy Fair. What has been re counted does not exhaust the list of attrac tions provided by the promoters of Fairy land, which is under the especial patronage of his Excellency the Governor and the Marchioness of Normari'by, the Bishop of Melbourne, and Mrs. Moorhouse. The proceedings will be initiated at 3 o'clock on Wednesday, 6th December, by Sir W. J. Clarke, Bart., and the bazaar will be open^ during the week. Mr. L. C. Mackinnon of ' the Argus has presented a large number of ?wood engravings on tinted paper; -of St. Colomb's Church, and these will be 'for sale at a small price at the bazaar. The fur nishing of the stalls will be of remarkable'' beauty and novelty, and the principle has been adopted of fixing moderate values for everything. An Incubator for Infants. — M. Tarnier, the surgeon W the maternity hospital in Paris, 'struck by the great mortality among infants prematurely born, and those which are very sickly after birth, has conceived the ingenious idea of constructing a box which is almost exactly similar to the incubators used for poultry. This box is divided into two compartments — the lower one being used as a reservoir for hot water while the infant is placed in the upper one, which is well stuffed at the sides and fitted with a sliding glass cover. The temperature is mantained at twenty-six degrees Fahr., and M. Tarnier has found that by keeping infants in the incubator for a period varying from two days to six weeks their vitality is enormously improved. He has made experiments upon five six months children, six seven months, and thirteen eight months children, and lie- has only lost two of them, whereas, according to his statement, three fourths of them would have died but for this adventitious aid. — Lancet. Facts about Newspapers. . — By some unaccountable misapprehension of facts (observes an American contemporary) there is a large class of people in the world who thinks it costs little or nothing to produce a newspaper, and if they buy a copy occasionally they are regular patrons and entitled to unlimited favours. Men ask for a copy of a newspaper for nothing, who would never dream of begging a pocket handkerchief from a dry goods store, or a piece of candy from a confectioner, even on a plea of having done business with them before. One paper is not much, but thirty or forty at each issue will amount to something in course of time. But this is a small item compared to the free advertising a paper is expected to do. Some people when they once pay for an advertisement think they are stockholders in the establish ment for eternity. We have had people request us to gratuitously insert tliis notice, or draw attention to this article, with the slight suggestion that ' it will not cost you anything to put this in,' which is just to ask a man to grind your axe on his grindstone and graciously tell him it won't cost him a cent. It takes money to produce a newspaper as well as any other business ; no- paper can succeed financially that carries a deal of dead-liead system. Any mention of people's affairs that they are anxious to see in print is worth paying for, and when printed is generally worth as much as any other investment of the same amount. The newspaper business is very exacting on all connected with it, and the pay is compara tively small ; the proprietors risk more money for smaller profits, and tlie editors, reporters, and printers work harder and cheaper than the same number of meii requiring the given amount of intelligence, training, and drudgery. The life has its charms and pleasant associations, scarcely known to the outside world ; but it has its earnest work and' anxieties, and hours of exhaustion, whieh also are not known to those who think the business all fun. Tli'a idea that newspaperdom is a charmed circle, where the favoured members live a life of ease, free from care, is an idea which should be exploded. Business is business, and the journal that succeeds one that is run on a proper business footing, the same as banking, building bridges, or keeping an hotel. Oral Teaching op the Deaf and Dumb. — In the current number of Macmillan is an interesting account by Mr. F. G. Kerr of a visit to the deaf and dumb asylum at Siena in Italy, where the afflicted children are taught to speak by an oral method, which is being practised with singular suc cess. Mr. Kerr writes : — ' An interest almost painful attaches to the operations of the first or lowest class in the school, where the foundation is laid on which the whole superstructure of . subsequent education | depends. The training here is entirely in- ! dividual, and requires the greatest tact and j patience. The teacher takes each child in .turn, ' and .holding it by the hand, shows it first 'jiow to breathe correctly. This lesson, is* commenced by blowing or ex piration, and is followed by regular ex pansion of the lungs, in which the child is required to cop}', minutely, the movements of the teacher. This preparation is im portant, for the volume of air which is in haled for ordinary inspiration is insufficient for speaking. To quote from the observa tions of Padre Marchio, who has carefully studied the subject — ' The breathing of deaf mutes is as a rule, short and panting. The lungs have the double office of supply ing oxygen to the blood and of furnishing breath — the material of the voice. The lungs of the deaf mute, being used for only one of these purposes, are imperfectly de veloped, and their functions performed in an abnormal manner. The human subject of normal development breathes from 14 to 20 times in a minute, while adult deaf mutes breathe from 24 to 28 times in the same period. Hence their disposition to pul monary disease.' By careful practice the rate of respiration is lowered, and several ingenious toys have been invented to facili tate these breathing exercises. It is asserted that all the defects of deaf mute speakers, such as pitching the voice too high or too low, can be obviated by training them to breathe correctly at the beginning. A tendency to speak through the nose may also be overcome at this stage, proceeding as it does from the habit of breathing with the mouth closed. It is considered very im portant that this task should be entrusted only to an experienced person, for it has been found that too often a ' prentice hand ' spoilt his first class. The teacher whom we found in charge of the difficult lowest form at Siena was a young priest, whose pleasing manners and gentle patience were well calculated to inspire his pupils with confidence. It was affecting to observe the intense eagerness with which the poor rough I lads, as the turn of each came, tried their very utmost to do what was required of them. It was like an actual grasping the hand stretched out to raise them up from the darkness and ignorance by which the spirit within them lay bound. The docility of the pupils throughout the school was, indeed, , as striking as the gentleness of the teachers. Everything is done to encourage the learner, ?the smile of approval, the mild rebuke, the jest by which -the lesson is playfully illus trated, all combining to smooth the diffi culties in his path and win his grateful af fectiojj. Corporal punishment is never resorted to, and is, indeed, forbidden in the Italian state schools of any description. After the preliminary breathing exercises, articulate sounds are taught, commencing with the vowels — A as with us in father; 0, U as oo in fool ; E as a in day ; I as e in see. The broad open vowels are taught first, because they are the easiest to acquire. Consonants are always taken in connexion with a vowel sound, and in a regular suc cession, according to the difficulties they are found to present, thus — P, B, and M, produced by the lips ; then T, D, N, formed by the point of the tongue ; G (hard), K and NG, from the back of the tongue; L and R by a murmur in the throat ; F and ?V; and last of all the sibillants. In con veying the various sounds to the child's apprehension, the hand plays an important part, for it is trained to feel the vibration produced in the throat or chest of the speaker, or the movements of the tongue in articulation. A mirror is also used to allow the pupil to watch his own lips while he strives to copy the changes he detects on those of his teacher. In the formation of syllables, the course natural to ordinary- , speaking children is followed as closely as possible, and the pupils are taught to prac tice on words which contain a repetition of the same sounds, such as pappa, poppo, &c.; This exercise is continued at the discretion of the teacher, the early speaking lesson beiug of about a quarter of an hour at a time. Sometimes beginners are almost voiceless. A boy was pointed out to us of whom, after three months of sedulous endeavour, the teacher was disposed to despair. He seemed quite unable to pro duce sound. But the head-master did not think the case hopeless, for the child was evidently intelligent. ' Persevere yet awhile,' he said, ' and the voice will come.' And the teacher did persevere, and was rewarded, for the voice gradually gained strength, and the boy is now making satisfactory progress in articulation.' A maid servant was dismissed on account of her lack of cleanliness. She requested her employer, if the cause of her dismissal should be mentioned, to do it in as light terms as possible. The following certificate was given to her : — Anna B ? has con ducted herself well in my service, the main cause of her dismissal being a tendency to hydrophobia.' At a recent sale of first- class household furniture, there was (says iEgles), amongst other effects a handsome liqueur-stand. An auctioneer, looking over the articles before the sale with the eye of an expert, said to a friend, ' that's worth five pounds, but no doubt some precious fool of a woman will give ten for it.' On going home in the evening he found the liqueur- stand on his side table, and his wife claimed his con gratulations on her having secured it for £12. He said nothing, but thought a good deal. Dr. Siemens, in a recent lecture before the British Association, predicted that the cost of a horse- power will soon be reduced to one pound of coal by means of the gas engine and the dynamo, and considers that the steam-engine will become antiquated and go into disuse. 