Renter's Ça&Iegrrsims.; LONDON, June 17. j The Irish Repression Hill is hoing dis cussed in the Oom muns daily. Seven clauses have been adopted. At Alexandria, at the instance of -Germany and Austria, the Khedive is stiivinjj to foina a M Lt) is try, including Oitrihi. June 18. The p-.iuic is increasing - t Cairo, the hanks and shops arc closed ; all the European States are sending vespuls to embark their subjects. Ha^iien Pasha is forming a Ministry. At Constantinople the Sultan pei^ists in refusing his support for a conference. Ia London a lar^e seizure of arms has been nando it Olerkenwell, intended for Ireland. THE Biauds Act is a fine nee for lau- suits, We had ano' her calf in the Police Court, last week. P. J. Neilson was summoned for illegally branding a ciflf, the property of David Tough whose trustee George Scott sued fur the calf. Neilson gave up the calf, being satisfied it belonged to Tou-^h, and it was foi túnate he was not brought up under Kd ward HT. or he might have been fined £20 as' Naughton was. The case was struck out yesterday. it appears, that twelve mouths a^o Neilson, bought the ueifet in Townsville at an auction sale by Cruikshank, the brand was illegible, bat it is giveu in the receipt TK-*. but as thï enif grew, the real brand T04 Tough's lirand came out and be claimed the ca.i. The legal'?saw," carcat emptor .applies in a doubie sense to buyers of calves in Towusvil a s:ockysrds. It is hard upon Neilsi-n that be should lose the ea l now after having bought it hoaest'y twe ve months at>»,. ! Kr«un what he tells us it appears dial a for': . i>*uer, whose Christian name was August, : engaged by Johns ni and Castling, hutc'ier*. "TownsvUe, had driven down from Ci: irteif Ton err o' ifs nei<rhborht.HÍ s«me cattle on h iii own account. The calf claimed by T«ugu, by det gu or ac iJent, joined August's m.-b and was sold with sevaa hea<l < f cattle to Nei'son, We think it woul>! he onlj fair'hat Mr, *twist should refund the picroftbe eaif io ri elson and also account for ye ling EOW JUE Ravenswood Sonrxat is *?. ftw«. _ward HI is evidently wanted /er^ Jfcete. Lieutenant Rose bas a good action «gatnsttíiat journal, be is called an "excelleint taR*st¡er> This' is language calculated tn provoketn» Lieutenant to " skull cracking," and fae ought : to go for Toft at Ance apd get bim bound over I to his " good behavior." Perhaps the justices ( in Bavenswood have no taste fof sacfi «bso- ¡ lete remedies. . J WAKBILLA Wons. -rA'rawled a Bri» Medal , «nd Certificate of merit, at the PhUidelpbia ; Oentennial Exhibition, 1876; « « nonorable , mention at Ute Paris IJjhibitio nf 1878. «nd firstbirise (medal) at the Sydney InljeBUitpwal, zhibition. 1879-80-Irwin Hm. WaccjBa ine-yard Ipswich j THE escort left early on Saturday morning, , in charge of Sub-inspector Meldrum, taking _ the following quantities of gold Q. N. Bank, j 4133 oz*, ll dwta, 23 gre. ; Bank of New j «oath Wales, 5912 on. 1 dwi.; total, 10.045 , ogs. 12 dwta. 23 gea. The last esoort left on ' 90th April. The Day Dawn robbery deprived the eacott of about SOO mu The Joint Stock «ind Bank, of Aasttalaua hoM cw 4,<WQ u*. THE Qem Djgunatic Company made their ] first appearance in Chatte» Towera on Satur day nigfat in the School af Arte, before a. crowded boose. X*e novelty of a regular dr*, matic performance appeared to have produced. | a lively ettect on the goda," who were more j than usually uproarious. They were rjogh aa j some bald-headed individoals, hot not rough enough on tile two "gents " who had the im pudence to escqtt and mt down with two «ell' known recent importations. Hie "gods" should have ** named " the parties, and that j would have fetched them. St is a common , mistake made by theatrical companies coming j here to suppose that being a diggings, every thing is very rough and wage. Chartas j Tow era has sown its wild oats, things that j were once of every day occurrence are seen no longer. We have a settled community, and not only are the decencies of life observed, hat j the culture amt refinement of a lugner ci vilisa- ! tion have taken firm faoid. Among the minera" there ara large numbers who have been every where, and who have seen the best plays and the he«t actors. Mere broad farce or «tage buffoonery will not snit them. There is an audience hiere which can appreciate the best J music, aqd the liighest efforts of dramatic talent. It would be well that áU conman iee I remembered this. . The Gem Company had a struggle to come np to time, their wardrobe having been delayed coming from the Barde. 1 kin, and it was probably awing to this delay that no programmes were issued. Tbs people here are accustomed to programmes, and we would advice the management to cotisait the cou l enience and the comfort of their visitors : in this respect. The entertainment conaisted of two paris-"Sin and the Shadow."« operetta " La Chalet." The first is.ai tional drama of the transpontive " blood and J th nuder " character, abounding in rapid and startling incidents, twa or three murders, and all the accessories that make op a horror, A corner willi Iiis two "pals" nm to death is about the story. Mr. D. Clinton personated j the coiner. Henry Vernon, with great force and skill. It is not easy to play the villain, unless j one is barn to ii, and anyone looking at' Mr, Clinton can realise how little affinity he bas ' naturally for that role. "Hence the greater merit in taking and making hts own a char acter so foreign tu his nature- Oe was ably |«uppoited hy Miss Julia Hodson, BB Mary Vernon. She played the loving and unsus picious wife very naturally, and in tile closing scenes was very effective! Miss Kate Leslie, ? as Ellen Brandon, produced a very favourable im pression. She has true artistic appreciation of ber part, but she is a trifle too harried ; a li ttl 3 more time and a little more emphasis, at the right places would add to her perfections. ¡ She promises to become a really good actress. the was warmly and deservedly applauded. Ur. J. Norgrove, ps Dla vager, the accomplice J of the coiner, and Toby Cracker, his " fence " . were passable, bot Toby's got np waa absurd, and his Cockney dialect he must have evolved j ont of ' his own consciousness. We do not think i he author ever intended this character to be represented by a scarecrow. It is ont ot character with the whole piece. A cockney encage*! ip passing bad money would never make such a guy of himself as Hr. Toby does. Mr. Norman Bose, the "sager mau/ is stiff ¡ enough for the character, . and Miss Laura 6tauley as Blinker, did real execution. The j house evidently took to uer. Mjas Grace Fol- ; lande, as Sarah, was capital fun ; she need not j be quite ea emphatic in some of her gestures. In Le Chalet abe was channing, and made a decided bit. The little piece went with great spirit, and was highly enjoyed. In fact it was dramatically and in execution far superior lo the tirat piece, and the actors appeared to baye fallen info their places, and to Oe sure of their audience. There was a good house lost night and the company played with great spirit and clan. To-night Bjed Wbjte and Blue will fae produced, and we wouhi a tvise all lovers of ; really good acting tn go and see this talented company. The musks was ex ce! lent, the two ! violins and piano vent together splendidly. We have received fruin the Victorian Min ing Department the '?' Mineral Statistics of Victoria for ISSI," aud also the Reports of the j Mining Surveyors for the quarter ended 31st March, lgS2. The Minister for Mines, hon. Robert Burrowes, says in his report that the ] statistics for the past year show a gratifying 1 improvement in the general minin« industry of Victoria, notwithstanding the scarcity of wateif. The deepest shaft is, the Magdala, 24(h) feet. There is uo doubt thet tho steady progrpsjs «f the niinjng indus* ry in Victoria is due io, a great measure fc» the folioing care of the Govern aient, and to {¡he fact tint there is á sepárate department and a resp >n ildc Min. isfer f«>r Mines. 1*uis is tsha* is* waute I in Q:u*. nsland, but so lou;; aij a squattint» <J¡»> vern;neut reinara in office, the nyuing interest he depressed and n^glectc'l. One ojini tersh'H^l'l have tlie cutiré cotif roi of all tuiuc.als tsr-gvld, silver, tin, copper, aud % i otiter ii»uier»l<\- At présent we have, divided /*»:i tro'-. Tlie M mit-ter fur frauds has que seeu<«i. and the tl ¡ní*t-¿r f »r Mines aiK-tl^er. Thetc ia aini le work for a Minister for Mines, and a department, if the matters which naturally belowg to a oiiniue depart-inent « ere brought under it. Tl«e miuess should, unite fe» make thie -ne of ike pjeJg«$ they wi« reoaire at th si ue*t election. Vic' oria is a good uiodt-l to inntate io th« direction* Out Warrior, IS oas. 9 ó* «rt*, «gra ; Just-in Time Kb. S, fcrihnte, 72 wa. dHta. IS gre. Wltare indebted to Ute Ravenswood Jtmrnal . for * new phrase. ltis'*wehave to receive J which, toeW interpreted means 44 we^hare received." The «mpession is nsed twice pi Hie laufe iasne of wnr contemporary ia evi dently "pigged" quite, fresh ftom the mwnble. i Hie Townsville IXavi&f; says, the railway will < be opened to thefiardekin QB foe 17th July. As Mratop 4» an inspired ñámate^ being a lineal des<3enc"ant of Anubis his wonk must tte received with, reverence. Wie have our doubts, however,," and do not tíiink the line will be open tints after the 1st of August, that isasafe prophecj. Tra Day Dawarobbery tconthmes the central sensation nf the field. There were some in accuiacies in our paragraph of (Saturday, not of «nach consequence. The distance of the retort furnace is 40 or 5Q yards from the en gine house, A partition, ia which ure two doors. shuts in the engine from the retort side. The engineer was engaged a* tHe time oiling the engine, and dnring this time fhn engine goes at half-speed, and there is less noise from (fte tatter?. Bet wmllie engine and batt^ there is » {revolving *m*^¡>« In front of the battas are the pans. TJbe watchman engaged mt the tables, the engineer whilst oiling, lúa engine, and the feeder cere «ll out of eight of the retort when lite "robbery was committed. The gold was shutout of the pot into the dam. The pot ww as visible as a fafl moon wura lifted. Ooty a few of the loose bricks around the retort weredelached. and itis inferred from the height the bricks were built op that th« two men who removed the pot mast have been tall. If the pot were plunged into the water as first stated, there must£kave been an explosion from a Midden expansion of air in th < retort. TfaRfeeluigpnltygeniwaUyespreïBedoi] Saturday was one of admiration for the clever ness of the robbery. This is nita health j sign. Crecy right minded person must wist for .the detection and panishuient of the per pemgcics of this daring robbary. .This com joftnnty has home a high character Co 3b0ne*ty for ihe last ten years, Th crimes that hare occurred here have bee jdniost always the result of too much gros;. ] is to be feared that the perpetrators of th i robbery «¡ll escape unless some more activ steps are taken. We have po great canfidenc in our detective or^police force. They are nc trained to detect crimes so cunningly cor tri ved. The robbers have been traced som distance, but a dray passed over the tran and it is not probable that any cine can t picked np now. A reward ought to tie offere and a Melbourne detective set to work. 1 i would require the constructive and analytic faculty of an Edgar Poe to unravel this my i fiery. The only fact to go apon is ¿hat tlier ghost havo beau two .or moro strong and pr« Walily tall men engaged in it. Beyond thi there ia nothing for induction to rely oi Adopting the other system the-dedncti^ h .ns sse tow the case stands. The rob'tei «oust hara been committed in one of the thn following ways : either by persons outside tl works and enclosure and not in any wa engaged on tho premises; or, by tersoi engaged inside tile] reserve ; br lastly by pe eons composed of both classes, lu an anatye each class should he subjected to an exhau five process of examination, independently : all considerations of probability. The qnestif phnuld he, could ike robbery have been effect« in any one of these three ways, and, if « what is the probability that it was so cot mitted. That the robbery could be commits by those inside the reserve is possible, but > render it possible there should be a ei-isj racy of all hands, Tins hypothesis will 1 [ rejected almost at once, but it should not i . lost sight of. The second hypothesis ! equa'ly untenable. It is not at all likely th the robbers were Chinese, it was t daring and risky for John, and none bat whil men are capable of such a daring- act. Ti difficulties in Hie way of supposing it w outsiders who stole the gold are enormoi bot still it was possible. The ^ABP-B of ti morning, the absence of the watchman, ai the nearness of the dam, were favorable to t enterprise. The last hypothesis is mest fayor, namely, that the outsiders acted in co cert with some one on the premises. If th be assumed the thing was not so difficu In trying to get at the bottom of the mysie those «mose duty it is should stand on eeremony, but subject all to careful sera)i and examination. There may be some ac dental fact which may lead to discovery 1 we do nof; think the gold will be found eitl at the bot'on) of «shaft or in any ott hiding place. The mea who planned I robbery are too d^ep for that. It tfuj poll are trusting to getting c'ues or traces tb will wait a long time b>.fVe they catch I culprits. They should begin the other w as there are au proofs available, beyond 1 one fact we dave mentioned, to lead up to I robbers. The question they have to. oposic in tine abs ince < f all clues, is, who, coi most easily have stolen die gold. Let th work down from that hypothesis and if tb are careful they will put their hand on soi link that will lead to a discovery. LOCKING the stable after the st-sed has b stolen is a practice of great antiquity and shall prove no greater fools til au our ancest if we have recourse to the same time-hono .pon tri van cp. We «re all wise after the eve There have been hundreds of eppoiiuuil presented on this field of making Sue ha in the way of gold cakes. It is, or was ni lately, a common thing for two miners to bi their gold to the hank at all hours of the ni and on foot. What difficulty could there in easing them of their load. Garotting science and no two men could make a st against three garotters. In Victoria, we derstaud, it is the practice, in some parts, hand over thc stone to the mill owners ; they became responsible for the returns, would be a prudent precaution on the part milt owners to fence in their reserves and up proper gates. The Excelsior mill is i the property of the Day Dawn Company everything ÍB dene by their own servants, there* were a substantial fence put up and gates kept locked while reporting there wi be no chance of a robbery. The lesson i given by the last robbery will show both i owners and the owners of stone what pre« tions should he taken for their own protect ft wouldsecin as if-some of the lawless clag Of New South Wales and Victoria arrived here la' ely. The banks should cl np i heir revolvers and stand cngar/i>\ Miall heir '««thing njore of tbecracKsi ltefitre long. We have buen living in i t ..f ¡»riin ;v4l iuuooence here for the last i years, leaving our cash buses open, our i dows uufas-ered, aud oar doors Molocl fuere was U-J crineof the worst kind, ~tl usu» a good dca! of t^qasitig Up. some very language io « common a; shmdy «ow and tl i he demi monde llouiish^l and Wer<t jolly, s swindling wis -do..e at the «aeès «nd in «* .litectionR, otW psople il«rrowed thtir «« bara' wives, at! i i a "** g«» lemaoly " way, now we liave «Stange ? ail that we are get moral a lt &|w.ir.l 111. iv« must prepa« "?'rohhen?, piiiors. and "jarratojs." We 1 to go bacfc 500 yea» and turn savages,. 